Democrats are not looking to obstruct *real* tax reform. Our letter to Trump & GOP leaders: 
I feel proper terminology would be you need to work with our president
#failedpresident deserves no such courtesy. He's an incompetent, mentally unstable disaster.
With his incompetent he has done more in eight month than your previous president did in 8 years
Bill you R a troll. Anyone N right mind is quite aware of the abomination Trump has brought 2 WH.Generals &Some Repubs N Congress Agree 
May I ask first where do you get your news your information,,, you are benefiting from the work are president has done in only 7 months,,8yr
I read alot.I watch different stations.Never FOX or Info Wars.I watch local news and C-span C-span2 MSNBC & CNN.
your news,,,,=
CNN claimed ANTIFA were the good guys and yet mayor of Berkeley and now Nancy Pelosi called ANTIFA criminals. Does CNN support violence?
Antifa & KKK R both fringe groups.Most everyone N both parties dont want, believe N violence.The media is attaching labels where R  none.
Schummer,
When was  last time you thought about much less put middle class first?
Certainly not when Obama care was rammed down our throats
You misspelled the Senator's name, mouth-breather.
That's all he deserves
Supposedly, Donald Trump Jr. just posted that his father is suicidal over all the criticism--is it safe to have someone in that state as P?
Probably just a bot.
I'm not a bot..I'm Suzan ..52 year old artist, Alabama..I just read this and was sharing..
Is this about me saying it's just a bot ? About Donald Jr? I meant that if he's saying his dad is suicidal, it's a bot saying that.
HE SAID IT ON TV.
Thanks. I have my TV off. Thanks !
You had 8 years to reform taxes. All you did was crush the middle class and dbl the debt.
No. The Rs held congress most of that time. #recenthistory learn it.
Every bill that passed the House died on Harry Reid's desk. No calls from Schumer to work together then.
Good for them. Ds shouldn't have passed that country-killing shit.
FFS

"Recent history", learn it.
Which of those bill's should they have passed and why? And which would have improved the economy?
The point is that there wasn't even a debate on ANY OF THEM because Reid wouldn't allow it. 

Now "we must work together blah blah blah"
Answer the questions. You can't can you?
Now if only @realDonaldTrump and his supporters could/would read.
McConnell has already indicated Tax Reform efforts will totally exclude Democrats. No bipartisanship at all.
Chuck, chuck, chuck...stop BS'ing your NY constitutes. Were on to you
@RonWyden Since when are #Democrats concerned about the #middle#class? Dems have stolen from the MC since Lyndon Johnson
Amen
That is real simple...dont spend more than you have coming in...simple mathematics

You Dems need to work with POTUS for the people you represent..
You need a competent POTUS that doesn't automatically assume he knows better than everyone to be able to work with.
Spoiler alert: Trump won't work with anyone. Next idea.
No tax reform without Trump first releasing his tax returns.
Really  Chucky?  So when did u put the middle class first??
@seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @rushlimbaugh @radiotalkermike
You Mr. Chucky need to speak out against Antifa and stop them from attacking innocent ppl and distroying property.
He's the recruiter for Antifa
We are watching our Congress to see if ur really fighting for us or just for yourself.
Of the 99% tax deductions taken by the wealthy, 20% goes to Calif. & 5 other states share remainder; Tx, Il, Pa, NY.& NJ.  Diversion to MC
99% of total ta deductions R taken by upper 50%.  1% of tax deductions R shared by lower 50% of pop.  That's the score right now, B4 reform.
@potus is putting the middle class first, Dems are the ones w no Message just hate, get it together b 4 it's too late.
Jeff your post is laughable. The Chief Purveyor of HATE is Trump. Just watch ANY of his campaign speeches. But keep deluding yourself
that taking point doesn't wrk,  your reply isn't believable, but the left hasn't really learned that the rest of us know better
So Jeff what's your view on narcissistic Donald DACA pronouncement. Make you PROUD to live here ? Like Budapest 1944 ?
YOU are the one not working w/ our President! Don't you DARE try to lay this off on him. Get behind him; SUPPORT him; & FIX America! MAGA!!
Don't let him go behind Potus he will stab him in the back
The real question is will you be willing to work with the president???
Only of the president wakes up tomorrow completely changed. As of now, he offers nothing to work with.
Don't hold your breath. D.T only comes first.
Your way or no way Right!!
Senator Schumer please accept trump does not care about the middle class #impeachTrump
Chucky you have no intentions on middle class just bigger gov more spending more welfare more open boarders go away chuckie schmucker
Hey Schumer , Chuck-You !

We shall see, actions speak louder than words. So far you've made not a sound
After the Russian lie has died, the racist lie lingers, now the Liberals don 't want tax reform?  This hurts congress more than middle class
Swamp will protect itself.  Calls Pres Trump's tax reform anti middle class but in truth, it's anti wealthy!  Chuck is covering his assets!
Chuck, most idiotic thing you did was deny the results of a constitutional election. Did you think Trump was elected by space aliens?
What do you consider working with you your way or no way
Wish is one hand, shit in the other. @POTUS cant work with you, that would mean he understands what his job is.
You mean you haven't been doing this for the last 8 years????
Or how long has this crocodile been in office the Citizens should start charging for office space no accomplishment
Please evolve your thinking beyond class - all beings are worthy of living with dignity, happiness and well being.
How can he hope to reform taxes when we haven't seen any of his tax returns?
I’m surprised that a marine would be loyal to a traitor and a liar.
I blocked him so fast. No time for jerks.
Being a Veteran, I can't imagine how a picture like this makes you feel. These little bastards don't have an ounce courage to serve.#MAGA
you know he won't.. remember he's a failed reality star, and has zero clue what the American people need.
didn't vote for Hillary, don't assume.... wake up, you could have done write-in vs a blanket repub vote
No actually the Middle Class is hoping YOU will work with @POTUS instead of stabbing us in the back for the last 3 Decades
Scottie ? I've had better luck working with Democrats then lazy as* Republicans. Deal with it.
LOL Democrats are more worried about Drag Queens and Illegals than Working Class Americans 
The party of JFK and FDR is dead!
Thank you for your tweet Scott. Have a great one.
While you are at it make the Health Care system not for profit, that includes insurance companies as well. Tax deductible donations to cover
any overages in expenses.
I will believe that you believe in real tax reform as soon as the "loop holes" for the wealthy are removed from any bill that is put forth.
There is an inherent requirement to find a fair method of taxation. A flat tax without loopholes may be more palitable to the vast majority
.you put on a Good Hollywood front.
.The Democratic Party has done absolutely nothing for middle class since JFK, this is why I changed parties! Stop bs'ing @SenSchumer liars!
Already has Mr Schumer. Dems just now trying to catch up. Good luck. Dems made their bed.
When r u going to work with the President????
Don't trust that u have the backs of middle class. Too much party politics from ur leadership.
BULLSHIT... Dem congress most hostile congress our country has ever seen. Progressive communists and cowards. Anti-American POS's
Too late for that chuckie. You should've thought about that a long time ago.
Simply protect Mueller and get behind someone like Booker, Gillibrand, Harris.
Lol, yeah like THAT'S gonna happen. He does not give a rat's ass abt anyone but himself.
I think it's the other way around the Democrats ,should work with POTUS for tax reform ... quit obstructing everything
chucky, your just protecting your cookie jar. Your as corrupt as they come buddy.
We want the wall repeal Obamacare less regulation and less illegals
We didn't vote for Trump for him to work with you
Your numbers will be dropping next along with @NancyPelosi  and @SenateMajLdr
How about you and the Dem party start working with our POTUS.

So, did you just hear abt the middle class? Cause we been here like forever, dude.
That's bull Chuck. U obstructed Trump 100% of the time on everything he has done or tried to do since he took office.

Hey, Chucky, how can you expect POTUS to work with you when you do not disavow/condemn masked black shirt terrorists who attack people???
Wtf did you do for the middle class for the last 8 damn years ?
Chuck you should be ashamed of yourself.  really 
Why didnt you do nothing why your buddy obummer was president. hypocrit to the max!
why do corporations bring their money to Switzerland Netherlands

45% corp tax thats why!!
Lower taxes for all of us!  so big companies hire again and can raise our wages and bring back the money to the states!
If you care any thing about this country you would walk a way and let are Country heal.
Consider shedding a tear ...cry baby Schumer
#Dems forgot about the middle class and have been too focused on social justice baloney while middle America suffered that's why TRUMP won.
Chuck, what about trump just slashing ACA funding by 90%. What is going on with that? Very harnful. Many in Houston need coverage now
you chucky and the democrats have never put the middleclass people first you only put the elites and donors first so quit your lying
Middle class will never be first with Trump. Can't make enough $ off of them
Trump only does favors for those who will pay him in money or favors.
So far, it's been SHAFT the middle class!  Dems not clean on abusing us either!!  Day of reckoning coming soon.  Tick tick tick!
With a Crisis looming over Texas, you need to pass it without your stipulations. What you wanted prior to the hurricane is irrelevant!
HAHAHA 
Since when do Democrats give a rats ass about the middle class?  You'll never win another election, clown.
You want to support middle class?? TRUMP JUST PLEDGED A MILLION PERSONAL DOLLARS TO HARVEY VICTIMS.. I DARE YOU TO MATCH FUNDS!!
Your idea of work with us. Is more like do what we want not what the people who voted fro trump want.
Someone need to stop this madness
Obama obliterated the middle class so you want to put zero people first
Work with you means you getting your way only. No thank you, just pass a FLAT or FAIR tax; end subsidies. Done deal.
Schmuck, I sent you a letter you should read. We do NOT want tax & spend. The larger the govt, the worse off we are.
Oh by the way,  how come the Democraspds havnt donated to help Texas like the Republicans have?
Why would Trump sit down with you, Pelosi, and others who constantly attack. You've had 7 months todo something. But you done nothing.
Crying chuck you have it backwards. You need to work with him. He's going in the direction the country wants.
Draw from the young and stupid because our President knows what's best for our country!  What did you do the last 8 years with Obama? Answer
Chuckster, you lost babe, you lost House and Senate too...i think you guys might want to work with him or keep losing?!
Then stop wasting the money on things government shouldn't be doing and forcing us to foot the bill for your bullshit.
You're dreaming
Demacrats are the ones who tax middle out of a middle they want poor an rich people poor so they can tell them what to do
I am middle class and he is working for me already Chuck get on board for America and quit worrying about other countries like Russia
vote NO on Brian Benczkowski
you need to work with Republicans. not the other way around. Dems are Not in charge. wake the F**k up chuckle!!!!!
POTUS doing fine without your asshole help. question, when will you denounce Antifa and admit your helping them with Soros. 
you are so bad.
 you had 8 years to put Middle Class first!! Ill trust #TRUMP, to make sure it gets done!!!
Chuck wat exactly has the Dems done for the middle class? NAFTA? TTP? Gutting manufacturing from country is the opposite of wat u proclaim
Get on board cut taxes for middle class. Corp tax good but insentive to pass it down not stock buyback & corp pay.
Sit down and Shut-up!!! Better yet, come back from your break, and do something- anything!!!
@tempteststorm2 You can work with Pres Trump. He isn't an ideologue. Please stop obstructing. It hurts all Of us. Bipartisan 4 all America
Oh dear God, if only. The Party of No needs to learn to say YES!
The real question is? Where are your taxes Mr.President??
Your nuts.. it's the middle class that voted for him.. that's what he's doing even with the dem and rino obstruction
Never ever trust anyone named Trump. #Trumpcrimefamily
Chuck...Stop trying being reasonable. It's embarrassing! Get angry, expose the ENABLERS!
Don't wait on that to happen!!
You should obstruct every nominee trump has put forward. His last few choices are disgraceful+don't belong anywhere near a real HONEST govt.
The only reason you don't want "reconciliation" is so you can drag this out past the 2018 election.  Quit being an @sshole.
More nonsense What have you done for working families? When have you ever been onboard with tax cut for middle class? More $$ for u to spend
Ya no we saw that crying CHUCK basically it says it is our way or no way at all...What could be more bipartisan than that?
Hey, Chuck ... in case you missed it, the middle class elected Trump. If you care about them, please  cry over their plight in NY State.
You people take too long wishing and hoping for things you know will never happen. No separation of power in our government, fix it.

Hoping, wishing and dreaming won't work with a man unable to lead and stuck in his made-up class of rich, heartless monsters.
You, Mr Schumer, are so full of BS. Why don't you and your "comrades" work with the President?
And I hope unicorns shit skittles.
You need to work with @POTUS. Middle class has been suffering for years under previous admin.
"Middle class" is dog whistle language to indicate that corporate Dems have abandoned the poor.
Left leg cannot lead it is NOT optional. RIGHT leg leads, left sustains or both fall. Crutch replaces left directional support of God.
There is no working with you. It is always you want it your way or no way. Until u get over that u we won't do it.
If only!
Beside what do you think your government run health care will do to taxes
@SenSchumer amt levels choking your constituents who've done what everyone wants people to, get educated, professional job, kids, prop taxes
Tax cuts for the rich doesn't bring economic prosperity for the middle class, trickle down economic is a scam. Wake up America!
Welfare for all !!!!
You democrats have been bringing down the middle class for years. Helping businesses to thrive will take care of everything.
What crap! Why would POTUS suddenly change? Typical politician, always trying to work both sides!! Retire already.
Its a shame you don't put your own New Yorkers first,A 'll you do is raise taxes and chase people away its time for you to go.
Two things would bring voters running and bring tax equity. Remove taxes on gambling winnings and make first $50,000 in salary tax free.
Chuck you step over the middle class in the street.  Give us a break.  Your constituency are effete snobs.
Dems in NY, Ca, Tx, Il, NJ, & Washington have the most money & the most to lose.  If Tax Reform benefited wealthy, they would be in favor!
Chuck why do you Dems keep talking this way!? He needs to go. Yesterday.
@PrincessBravato @POTUS @RonWyden Start supporting the middle class for a change, not big Pharma and watch the votes coming in.
Notice the Dems don't want to work with POTUS but expect him to work with them! They are really hateful people.
Please do your jobs , actually try to do something other than obstruct and resist.the fat lady's singing.
This is what you - an ANTI-AMERICAN SOCIALIST PILE OF CRAP - and the "middle class" have in common:
He has no desire to see how the middle class lives.
Not gonna happen! @POTUS is out for himself and only himself!  #Crook #Fraud #Corrupt
@CNN and by the way chuck what is up with the first ? From Eric Schneiderman when u call his office, he wants to know how we feel about DJT
@CNN chuck you need to go! You could careless about anyone in this country! All you care about is your own agenda! We need a new party
I'm afraid @SenSchumer is dreaming, but we should all still make sure Congress knows tax cuts for the wealthy, corps are not acceptable.
Congress, Get to work write the bill! Waiting on Congress to do their JOB!
When have you demoncrats EVER put the middle class first????? Stop trying to silence our vote!!! You will be voted out.
Democratic are UnAmerican, they care only about them.
How do you in good conscience, cut taxes while we fight 2 wars and have a defict? Seems like gross mismanagement to me.
You have it backwards Senator!  Will the Dems work with the President , or will you go to the podium wearing your resist hat ?
Middle class got Trump elected. Don't ever forget that.
Schumer is exactly why there is such a divisive senate. He's a grumpy old school Dem who talks bi-partisanship but his record lacks proof
Believe me we're watching who don't vote for lowering taxes you better not obstruct and resist because you don't like Trump it's about us
Wyder and Schumer will only work across party lines when they get exactly their way. No compromising for ALL Americans - sad
You better vote to lower taxes across the board stop saying it's only a tax break for the rich lower our taxes all of them
Where was your message for the middle class for the past 8 years? Now All the Dems crimes under Obama are coming home to roost. DTS.
Hey public servant news flash!!
We the middle class elected @POTUS & reject you,who have lost their America 1st compass due to your greed!
@SenSchumer I always hear "fair share". What exactly is fair share?  How much of a person's own money as an exact % is fair to steal?
Trump is hopeless and downright unamerican.  The only thing I hope for is impeachment.
Well at least you have hope! Because it's not going to happen snowflake! 
You didn't get the middle class vote! Your party is a bunch of racist Hippocrates. The only thing you want is$$ and at the people expense
No outrage American citizens are abused for 1st amendment right? Or do you support Antifa?
What kind of sub-humans would try to bully a man in a wheelchair?

Antifa.…
No. It is time for Democrats to quit being so nice & start kicking some ass! You must be willing to fight for the American people!
Not just the middle class, but we also need to make sure that policies help those who are struggling financially!
You on a mission to  be just a obstructionist ! I vow to never vote for another democratic. Do something worthy of your position. Resign
Read another book on leadership, liar.
We support what you say Senator Schumer but not optimistic. GOP goal is to hurt all but top 1%.
then get off your butts and start working together
How about raising minimum wage.  Are we really cutting taxes for millionaires with 150bn disaster. Oh yeah they'll cut Social security.
No tax cuts for wealthy. Raise minimum wage.
AND wouldn't you and your buddies benefit? The question isn't if POTUS will work with you it's if Dems will actually work.
Like you worked with the GOP when you created the disastrous Obama care? Hypocrisy at It's finest
Tell Ryan that we are tired of his trickle down bs. It doesn't work and is just huge tax cuts for rich. waiting for someone to call him out.
You do nothing, zero, nada for Americans! during election cycles u make promises to middle class! Then, as usual, u disappear
As a "middle class" American that has suffered financially for the last 8 years any help would be appreciated......
You & other Dems always seek to turn legislation into class warfare! POTUS continues to tout helping middle class & corporate.
