That is wonderful.  Puerto Rico deserves our help.  Please include the U.S. Virgin Islands which also needs rebuilding and recovering.
Yea just rebuild the world why don't you. These people don't pay taxes
These people are American citizens.
 That is what we do
They don't pay taxes, they are American property not citizens
Brown skinned Puerto Ricans and black skinned people on the Virgin Islands are "property".  Got where you are coming from.
And the fact is that Puerto Rico is an American territory(also known as property)
And the residents are American citizens.  Your white nationalism is speaking loud and clear.
Crooked Chuck lying again
Houston shut down the news cycle and United the country, but Puerto Rico is an afterthought.  Remember there are millions of PR voters !!!
How do I know these things, well the same way you know about premature ejaculation, cardigans, disappointment,  and being afraid of women
our President will handle that. Why don't you do something about the high taxes in NY
Hey, send the Clinton's in.  They have had experience in Haiti!
Please remember USVirgin Islands too. No word from any family/friends for 10 days. Cut off & scared.
https://twitter.com/noltenc/status/913144427115401221 …
Once again, El Cheeto proves he is a racist.
great but Late

Lester Holt going against the MSM grain on #PeurtoRico relief. Agreeing with Trump and calling it a "Robust Operation". 
Thank you Senator pls help save lives !

Look at timelines/logistics. WaPo Writer admits U.S.N.S. Comfort was ordered to PR 3 days before Clinton Tweet. (She was at sea yesterday) https://twitter.com/DanLamothe/status/913071580456071168 …
Is it really the same when they are not a state and don't want to be a state? Not being smart, really asking?
President is helping fool.if you shut all of your mouth, help your selfs do a days work. Finish appoint trump cabinet it almost a year
I'm expecting a strong unified voice for our fellow citizens
A week late and a dollar short!
Thank you!  This shouldn't be a fight...but gotta find some funds ya know since Trump wastes money on Golf every weekend.  Make him pay
My man Trump can do what the hell he wants and all u can do is bitch about it... LOL
Actually no, he can't, this just adds to the file of charges.  You honestly think this is ok?  You're part of the problem
I do not think anything Shumer says is ok. He is a damn democrat
Why did this discussion take so long?

Top Democrats are pushing the Puerto Rico relief lie just like CNN. 
You are a bully..& using scare tactics to your fellow democrats not to vote for Trump or you will punish them
Keep it up. Trump Democrats have bigger problems.
Get out-of-the-way Schumer so President Trump can continue the great job he is doing!
Where have you been Trump is already sending help.  Late as usual aren't you Chuckie.
Hey solar energy industry this is your time to step up
Just like New Orleans, they are people of color, so helping is usually delayed
senate holds no power to help PR. What an empty move!
Thank you senator Schumer for your support and caring. We need more like you in Washington.
Write your check chuck
Thank you
Please get the #Jonesact waived ASAP for Puerto Rico and USVI. This will help to lower their debt. They pay twice as much as mainland.
Good luck! Puerto Rico is in a crisis, and need help now. This is a mess that needs to be taken care of today.
Support John McCain's request that DHS waive Jones Act!!
It would be nice if you worked as hard to rebuild America!!  You are a hater of Trump and that does not help USA!!
Work united or USA Please
@linds_bot My apologies but this urging should had been a week ago. PR have to wait 6months for electricity, what in the world 
headin to the floor chuck - why dont you head to puerto rico while Trump get all the work done

So go get a ticket and put your money where your mouth is!!  So tired of liberals criticizing our president!
Jones act?
Lift Jones Act.
Suspend the Jones Act Save Puerto Rico!
Thank you and don't forget the #USVI
Get rid of Jones Act!
Better late than never
They must wave the Jones Act!! Nothing is happening Bc of this!
How about waiving the tariff on ships?  That wld be helpful
Thank you Senator but you need to hurry.  People are dying due to lack of water.
Someone get down there and help these ppl! So embarrassing that our government is letting ppl die!!
How about pushing to grant twice approved referendum for statehood to PR it is America #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
Why are you undermining the @POTUS? How much more can he do? He can't drive the ships any faster. Try telling the truth for once
Please send helicopters to deliver aid to remote locations without road access, Americans are going to start dying.
Exempt Puerto Rico from the #JonesAct!
Please do so. And see if they see us ad Americans if not then let us be free!
Please let Trump know what he is allowing to happen to Puerto Rico is Genocide.
Make all areas which are hurricane prone bury their utility lines as part of the rebuilding effort.  Do Not allow utility lines in the air.
BS
Is @realDonaldTrump trying to kill an entire island of Americans by denying them food & water?  Any rich people there that he would save?
Head to the floor of your bathroom, and don't get up
https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/second-class-puerto-rico-1506467376 …
The Jones Act should not just be suspended ASAP but ended once and for all. It is an unfair burden to everyone in Puerto Rico .
You people are a joke.
This should be an automatic response, not another partisan fight. They need help and it's the U. S. responsibility to help it's citizens.
Please deploy the military immediately to help them! They are American citizens!

Thanks, Chuck. Give 'em hell and thanks for looking out for our fellow Americans.
Thanks Sen. Schumer! THE VOICE OF REASON.
chuck, its been a week and a half, thisis one your heads.
They don't pay taxes
Please help them.
@SenSchumerYou will always be known as the Senator who normalized a Fascist dictator Nazi.Shame on you
Good luck with that Chuck. I am so disappointed in DJT response thusfar.  Not suprised, just disappointed.
Sounds like he wants another Catrina. He never helps Americans unless he gets political points
Thank you senator. They need it. It'd be nice if trump would pay the 33 million in tx he owes and all the other companies that left PR stuck
That you have to argue for this is INSANE. Please tell your colleagues I would like my tax dollars directed to PR and not some stupid wall
DESPITE THE PATHETIC FAKE PRESIDENT MAYBE ADD AN IMPEACHMENT PLEA IN THERE TOO
Get the Jones Act waived.
No Confidence vote 4 TRUMP!  REFERENDUM HIM OUT OF THE WHITEHOUSE! FAKE PRESIDENT!! FAKE COMMANDER IN CHIEF!
All of the U.S territories should be made states, with the same rights and responsibilities of all citizens.
Thank you.
and rest of world!  After WW2 we even helped Germany Japan
This is not something should take this long, military help, all help stat
Good luck.
I hate to be negative but why don't you ever any legislation to help improve instead of just complaining????
There must be cameras waiting, chuck loves photo ops
Lift the Jones Act yesterday!
Let the Cubans do our job!
They need an Army. Plus the Army Corp of Engineers.   They'll need tent cities similar to MASH units.  It's horribly devastated.
What's taking so long!
.Fing hurry  !
And remove racist, traitor #Unfit4Prez while you're at it.
For immediate impact, Senator, now is the time to repeal the Jones Act.
Since its your job to put relief bill for PR aid & give to TRUMP what's your holdup and blaming PRES on your job needing to be done 1st. SMH
Do it the bests you can help PR , them are sisters and brothers now it's time trying finds transportation makes travels from airports gets
Get a fleet of cruise ship to evacuate/relocate.  Why send billions when it will be wiped out again? Where are the  @USNavy HospitalShips?
Why you only doing it now As DEM Leader Congress is one to start relief Your caught in lie CHUCK using P.R As victims of your own hypocrisy
And repeal or suspend the Jones Act. #PuertoRicoRelief
are you going to CRY? It seems u can turn on the waterworks  at will! You're not known as crying Chuck for nothing! Lkg 4 votes!
Thank you, Senator Schumer. 
IT'S ABOUT TIME, CHUCK!!! GET IT DONE NOW!
Thank you for supporting PR
Thanks for leading the charge Chuck! Glad somebody is picking up @realDonaldTrump slack! #ImpeachTrump #SchumerWarren2020 #YouRock
PLEASE! Our American family needs help!
Thank you @SenSchumer. I have been ashamed and outraged at the response so far. These are our fellow citizens & they have no voice.
Get rid of the Jones Act. It is unfair.
What about the Jones act, PR needs fuel for cars and generators. There are nursing homes that are desperate
They need help now!! What don't you stupid old white men understand about that? Urge your fng colleagues? Just get it done!
Dems are oppressors...
Good luck dude! Obviously @realDonaldTrump thinks they are a waste of resources.
Yeah you will work together with the Democrats for the Puerto Rico Republican party and the American people
Respectfully, What's the holdup?
LET'S ALL SHAME TRUMP
BLAMING THE VICTIM MONSTROUS
AS PRES. NOT APPROPRIATELY
RESPONDING TO THE GROWING
HUMANITARIAN CRISIS
RACISM'S SHOWING
Please, please do something. As an ordinary citizen, I feel completely helpless, besides donating, in a situation where so many need help.
Please make them do it quickly Sir.. So afraid for them..
Thank u 4 your leadership, times of crisis is not the time 2 play politics. 2 discuss what PR owes banks instead of helping them is insane!
How will you pay for it?
Thank you  #HelpPuertoRico
You need to go in heavy and fast
@realDonaldTrump don't help any of the Dem's on healthcare
I hope you don't share a tear.
Schumer, you do not work for the American people. You are an obstructionist for your own ego. You are a sleaze ball. Go to hell!
@tedcruz @JohnCornyn PLEASE BE ON BOARD WITH IMMEDIATE EMERGENCY FUNDING FOR PR!
Thank you Senator Schumer! Puerto Rico desperately needs help.
You are loathed by tens of millions!!!!
I think maybe u need 2 tell @POTUS that Puerto Rico is part of America he may be lacking in his geography as he is in everything else!
Thank you for remembering Puerto Rico''a citizens are all U.S. citizens. You're the first member of Congress to do so thus far.
They shouldn’t need to be urged. Is there something morally wrong with some of your fellow senators?
While grid is rebuilt, how about an emergency solar electric system for simple lights, radio, & phone charging?
http://solarray.blogspot.com/2017/09/crowd-funding-emergency-solar-electric.html …
Puerto Rico IS AMERICA damn it!
It is up to you, @NancyPelosi and Democrats to lead. Republicans have shown they don't have any capacity or desire to govern responsibly
You should be speaking URGENTLY about how dangerous trump is to the future of our world. HE IS NOT NORMAL. STAND UP AND SPEAK THE TRUTH!!!
I don’t remember Puerto Rico ever helping the uswhen disaster struck here in America!!!!!
Nice-- your finally going to work after months of sitting on your laurels!!
#WaiveTheJonesAct #Maria
But you can’t get healthcare. Can you chuck?
Let #DOTARD TRUMP know 🖑this LYIN RACIST TREASONOUS DRAFT DODGER CRIMINAL WHO hides TAXES &BANKRUPTCY(5)TIMES has fooled NO ONE 
Porto Rico
Why not introduce bill to make it a State, while you are there?
Do you really think the repugs would pass it?
I think it brings it to the floor.
WON'T! Sorry repugs r in control n r white supremacist pigs!
News headlines should read: Trump decides to allow thousands in Puerto Rico to die! Your state or community could be next.
They deserve the presidential vote
Ummmm....but Chuckie....Puerto Rico isn't in America....check your Mickey phone....
Now! What is everyone waiting for? NOW!
Thank you @SenSchumer.  We need to get supplies donated out of the warehouses & onto planes bound for PR to aid people all over the Island.
U.S. denies request for Puerto Rico shipping waiver | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Thank you Sir!!!
PR should be rebuilt w/renewable infrastructure an example of best ways forward. Public private partnership green energy
You're full of %$$# and not because you're a Democrat I could care less.
Please bring up reversing the Jones act it can help on Puerto Rico now and the future
Thank you.
Thank U and get the Jones Act waived please
Repeal the #JonesAct #1917
The #POTUS violated the law, AMERICAN CIVIL RIGHTS OF NFL players live ON TV! Do SOMETHING!https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/227 … #JOBSMATTER
US VI also needs help Sen, plse include in any help. Thank You.
Yep! Just like Flint Mich.
Can you remind them that Puerto Rico is part of the US?
Senator, you may want to note where to get add'l, funding already overdue to Puerto Rico since it not mentioned in his dozens of NFL tweets
You enemies Trump and Cuomo best you to the punch. So what do you do jump on the band waging
BS. You were jumping up & down in front of the cameras when the Republicans pulled Graham/Cassidy. Did you poop yourself in the excitement?
Tell the truth in that we are already helping as we would any other state
They need water now. We have military helicopters. Please get them help.
Please do that. Thanks
#StatehoodForPuertoRicoAndPuertoRicans
@markcuban and Mavericks...Patriots.TY for sending plane full to OUR Puerto Rico .
Bless them!
Suspend the Jones Act!
Thank you @SenSchumer. Should have been done already. Push it through! #PuertoRicoRelief
Do the Koch bro’s live in Puerto Rico ?? If not good luck with the self centered bigoted @GOP with the likes of @SpeakerRyan ect.....
Thank you Senator Schumer
Never miss a press opportunity Chuckie!!
Shameful that urging is necessary. Best of luck, Senator.
Can we have a Democratic style kind of Berlin Airlift in the spirit of @PresHarryTruman for our US citizens in Puerto Rico this time around?
We could and should, but Tr is saying no to Int'l aid and Int'l NGOs for #PuertoRico.
How about you help the people of New York, repeal Obamacare now
HURRY THE HELL UP!!!
Send them to Mexico
