The man behind President Trump’s voter fraud obsession http://nyti.ms/2syDkNi  
You libs are scared that they will find voter fraud
There is a reason. His whole cabinet was put in place for specific reasons.
Specifically nefarious reasons Pruitt destroy EPA hence earth Sessions State to destroy dept and lift sanctions DeVos destroy public Ed++
EXACTLY

Hey, you should bring this up while youre partying with his daughter in the Hamptons today, you hypocrite. #whatthefuckchuck
How many illegals in CA voted for Billary? Zero? One? Millions? Pick one.
Chucky needs to be voted out! Do not vote for this man. He doesn't have the American people's interest in mind, only his own interest.
Totally agree!!!
Keep spreading fear Senator it will always give you a boost in the polls.
FAKE NEWS ALERT
Damn good choice! Chuck, you are embarrassing! So transparent, you are against this because you and your cohorts thrive on voter fraud!
New rumors spreading that Chick Schumer is highly involved in the voter fraud scandal & is doing his best to cover it up to save his career.
Using tax dollars farce or worse purpose is Voter Suppression. More importantly research and develop ways to protect voter hacking by Russia
@nytimes paronoid much chucky

I thank god. Our nations own citizens are the only people who should be allowed to vote. Illegal votes must be suppressed.
have you investigated any voter fraud in your state. You know your own possible involvment
This type of voter suppression has been going on for quite awhile! My question to you is why has it not been addressed before?
#ApartheidCommission
He seems to look for the LEAST qualified person for EVERYTHING??
Voter fraud was exposed in Detroit during your recount procedure.......Come on Chucky!!!!!
You mean he is as racist as Hillary?
tRUMP PUT PUTIN IN CHARGE OF THE ELECTION FRAUD... LOL ALONG WITH THE GOP GERRYMANDERED STRONG ARM STRONGHOLD BIG GOVT MAJORITY.
The bitch on the airplane!
We are getting closer to a civil war where thousands will die. I hope you Democrats will be happy then.
VOTER SUPPRESSION IS REAL & WHILE TRUMP IS TWEETING NONSENSE HIS WORKERS R BUSY DESTROYING DEMOCRACY!!!
Another racist Trump appointee
Who was behind illegals voting, Chuckie? 
Why are you guys so afraid of this? What are you afraid they're going to find? Makes us peons in flyover very curious why your so against.

Chief clown @SenSchumer, what are you hiding?
Why are you & Dems so afraid of investigating voter fraud, you have separate investigations in the Russians involvement in 2016 election?
Maybe he should have chosen Putin, this would provide the Russians direct access to the voting process
SURLY NOT SOMEONE AS CORRUPT AS YOU CHUCKLES WE WILL KNOW THE DEPTHS OF DEMOCRATIC VOTER FRAUD IN THIS NATION CHUCKLES YOU CANNOT STOP IT!
Amazing where we are as a country. On 4th of July weekend States Rights vs Federal Overreach. Not even MS falls for this con.
As a recent escapee from #Kansas I can attest to Kris Kobach being the absolute worst.
You are supposed to represent your constituents, not give only your stupid opinions
So chasing people who voted for President Trump out of a Restaurant is normal.  I do believe you need to get help for your mental Illness!
Show the paperwork & let Americans have trust in our Voting Process!  But you won't & we know why. Corrupt Cheaters! #ImpeachChuckSchumer
I thought you all wanted to make sure there was no Voter Fraud.  Don't you remember when you did the Recount? Still lost!  #ImpeachChuckles
Better question why is That allowed to choose someone over a commission that would get rid of him n his BS

Sounds like a little fear there Chucky.
Oh hell to the no! Not shady KKK Kobach
Authoritarians have taken over the #GOP.  Republicans who believe in Democracy must stand up and be counted.
He amazes me-  not in a good way
Kobach wants to boost his political career. If he runs for gov after Brownback is history, the red state will find reason to elect him. Why?
That is just what it is: voter suppression. There was no voter fraud! Unless it was done by Russia!
Be afraid Mr Schumer. Your under the table dealings will be exposed.
He couldn't find a dozen from his own state - just another way to disenfranchise voters
Voter suppression?  Give me a break.  Heaven forbid you no longer get your non citizen votes.
Well it is a very "distinguished" VOTER FRAUD PANEL.......lo
What's your point Chuckles!
Such a flagrant abuse of process and misuse of public funding. No state should acquiesce.. voter fraud is a hoax.
What ever you complain about we see all them fingers pointing back.
Voter fraud commission
Don't you think voter fraud is a big deal? I mean really , don't you think it is nearly as bad as any type of interference ?
First it's #FakeNews  and now it's voter suppression rolls.  We keep moving closer and closer to autocracy.
if .@realDonaldTrump wants states to release all voter records because otherwise "what are they hiding" why not release his #TaxReturns ?
At least Trump's son-in-law is in charge of peace in the Middle East!
I know it's not always true, but some people just look like evil fucks and they are!
He is. The very epitome of evil.
Love him!!! He'll get rid of Ur double voters and illegals votes! U'll lose ALL the time then!!!!
Why are Dems fighting this project? Don't you want to know? You're so obsessed with fake Russian inquiry. This should also be checked out!
Wow!! Who keeps blocking the tweets? POTUS! What r they hiding in their plan to reform America? Get ready for a fascist movement by POTUS.
and emphasizing an aggressive nationalism and often racism.
forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc.,
fascism
[fash-iz-uh m]
noun
(sometimes initial capital letter)a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power,
Will the data they're trying to collect be shared/ sold to any other parties? Will Cambridge Analytica have access to it? #VoterSuppression
Amoral plutophiles select U$ politicians like @POTUS-FakeMan for US. 
U$ @GOP's @DNC & @RNC politicians prove voter fraud by CitizensUnited.
Must be because of Russia.
Your never happy ru unless ur waving your flag, out of the closet chuckie looking for your whistle
Let Don just tell him it's ok-he doesn't need to pass legislationon cleaning up the votes. It'll be done when russia is taken care of.
I lived in KS for a few years, @KrisKobach1787 is a useless hack.
Probably only a few days it just seemed like years
Wow someone who is messed up as @POTUS
They only way @Gop @SenateGOP @HouseGOP WIN ELeCTION ...by cheating always cheating.. start taking there tactics into consideration
So, Russian meddling is bad but domestic voter fraud is acceptable as long as it helps Dems get elected. #hypocrisy

Want to stop him B4 he leaves KS? Donate 2 these 3 KS local candidates who'll fight 4 voters rights! @Angela4KS @MattCalcara @adamswithyou
Trump just cannot accept the FACT, that the MAJORITY OF AMERICANS despise him.
#KiboshKobach

Someone, willing to commit a crime! It's illegal as hell!!
This administration is a real Snidely Whiplash Convention.
Crosscheck is his baby. Why aren't Democrats screaming about this every chance they get. It purged 100s or 1000s of voters in key states.
The new York times is bias. Don't believe their news.
Everything with this sham of a president is a scam. He's a carnival barker!
Trump puts very few competent ppl in charge of anything, including president bannon
DNC won't turn over "hacked" servers, Dems states won't release voter info to prove no fraud 
Shut up Chuck. You're irrelevant. People see where your loyalties lie. You're Soros paid and Soros owned. Step down! #Traitor #DrainTheSwamp

Kobach a voter fraud conspiracy theorist is determined to institute voter suppression regulations
When republicans talk about voter fraud, what they really mean is, "brown people voting."
Well Chuckie if you eliminate all barriers to voter fraud you will forever be in office @realDonaldTrump wants to ensure authentic elections
Trying desperately to prove "voter fraud" when is enough enough? Interestingly, cuts women's programs, rolls back regs that benefit environ
Why did  GOP led House Administ. Committee vote to shut down the existing Election Assist. Commission ? Now we have a Kobach sham committee
I'd expect his name to be McCarthy. Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Looking in the eyes of "evil"...#scarydude
@SenSchumer Yo, Chucknuts ? is there to hide? Let the investigation begin U seem 2 luv them. Americans r not stupid regardless of @CNN claim
Can You Believe KKK #Kobach Is In Charge. Wants Everyones Personal Info
GET OUT IF HERE, NO WAY SCUM #NAZIS
Wtf
It all the information the Russians are after.
Trump distracts, diverts and discredits. This is his consistent strategy. No morals, no ethics. Wake up USA!
Who better than him to prove the nonsense he spewed. "It'll be easy!"
The crazy runs deep in the alt-right
Lie, lie, lie.  All day long and no work done.
If people ineligible to vote are allowed to do so, no one's rights are protected and our system is truly jeopardized.
This is a grag of our information they couldn't hack it, so now they are just grabbing our voter history. Fight back

OK THIS IS ILLEGAL - BUST HIS ASS!!!

Abuse of power!! Fragile ego Donnie Two Scoops can't deal with our rejection!!
Kris Kobach is basically permanently being sued by the @ACLU, and they win against him every time. Most evil & dangerous person in USA.

Isn't this craziness by Trump enough for the Congress to invoke the 25th Amendment? Only these two believe this stupidity.
Good old Chuckie only interested in voter fraud when it goes after the other side.
Clearl not interested in voter integrity.
FRAUD!
The GOP are so hung up on goverment spending and this just added to it. So glad my check gets taxed 40% for this nonsense. What a waste!
Dems don't want this because it will show their voter fraud!
What the @GOP and #Trump are doing to voting rights is the greatest issue of our times. They are stealing the republic. We must make noise!
Sen Schumer we have to do something - we honest have no learnershiop in the white house - it is being held captive!
@nytimes is why we need to know the data. You democrats are being exposed.
@nytimes with no repercussions. Forget all the keeping polls open past.closure, libs voting for the dead etc. This alone
Using your own words, Schumer....WHAT ARE THEY TRYING TO HIDE???  You can't complain about Trump and deny YOU and your CRONIES do the same!
@nytimes Schumer, he did it because of YouTube videos of Gina Rodriquez and Obama. Obama tells illegals to vote. You liar
Why not?  You never give back up to your senseless comments.
Senator - do we have any rights when it comes to asking our information to be withheld ? This is alarming -many military families r asking
Sued by ACLU in KS 4x and lost 4x. Kris Kobach is a racist out to disenfranchise ppl of color and create a data base of who voted for whom.
More old white trash!
Trump's warped brain doing damage to our country. Next he'll resurrect the birther BS. Not about MAGA is all about Trump Ego.
Sounds like a learned impeccable guy. If you crack down on drinking you hire Elliot Ness not a drunk.

Pretty unsettling that Pence was willing to head it up
No surprise! Look at all his appointments, all of them!! GOP owns this, we have to live with it. Seems it can't be stopped, or it would be?
As if Brownback hasn't brought Kansas enough shame.
Once the truth comes out heads are going to roll and you demon-craps are going to have some explaining to do we all know what went on even U
Oh now Chuck he could have put Jesus and you would have a problem with it remember you are they pity party of resist the truth is coming out
Shut up Chuckles
Chuck wants the Votes of the Dead to Count!
Thank goodness not a Democrate! They've been trying to manipulate voting distract/illegals for years.
It says a lot that the Dems are doing whatever they can to block this investigation.  Dems do not want the truth to come out.
Don't be fooled. Pres. Trump is in full re-election mode! All photo ops feed into his Campaign to Re-Elect! Get serious about 2018 & beyond!
You need to remind people each time that this is a totally fake commission for pure politics or worse and that the data is not secure.
Trump's Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity (PACEI) is a DIVISION of the Committee to Re-Elect President (CREEP) Trump!
25 states so far are refusing to comply with this #VoterSuppression. Make sure your state is one of them.

Concern yourself more with your NY constituents & less on @POTUS before they figure out you're obsessed with him.
No
Doing for America what he's done to Kansas.
If his end game is total domination,then he's no better then any other Dictatorship/terrorist group.Just different methods of achieving it.
Voters fraud VS voter suppression..weird huh..we'll see
Lock chuck Schumer up for interfering with the government
THERE IS VOTER FRAUD.THE LEFT DOES NOT WANT THE TRUER NUMBERS TO COME OUT? WHY IS THAT? I THINK WE KNOW WHY.????
Starting petition to recall your position as a Senator your a disgrace to N.Y and i am asking for a recall ouster "signed western W. N.Y."
Should be cast in a Godfather remake
He's intentionally provoking the nation into désordre  (for Putin for China) picking up business dealings along the way
Investigate this man and his past efforts at voter suppression
Trump was a fraud from day 1. Republicans supporting him have abandoned the #Constitution and should be prosecuted for #Treason from Ryan on
Might it just be because Dems have loaded the voter rolls with fake voters for years
Time to call #Trump Adm. #TrumpFascism.... you know the checklist... use it...
Kobach is still current Kansas SoS. He has indicated Kansas will NOT comply with the SSN request. He is defying his own request!
Chucky & Dem party shitting their pants about illegal voting. What will they do without illegal Hispanic voters? #BuildTheWall
This regime needs to be taken down.
How can anyone take the president seriously when he taps this controversial individual to be the commission chair?
Breaking: Schumer shows his lack of leadership by spewing what others tell him. He has few ideas to help. Not his own man. Losing his voters
Breaking : Stelter facing showdown with network flip flop to save ratings . Simon says Stelter be gone before the first pass is thrown .
Remember to remind Trump everyday how he lost the popular vote and how small his inaugural crowd was.
Breaking: Chuck Schumer -a foul replacement of Harry Reed with hemeroids. Chuck has no credibility and is a puppet of his liberal low life's
resist
Still pissed that Hillary didn't win? smh
They know that after they take away health care the only way they can win is to cheat and intimidate.
Because his god has no doubt said the precious vote be limited to right-thinking, white, male, republicans.
If there is nothing to vote fraud then why don't we just get it done and prove it?
He put a thug in charge. A pure thug.
It sure wouldn't be you. The job requires an honest person.
Kris Kobach is Koch bros and Putin hack man ..... I would not call him American ....
U a little scared! Ask California to open their Illegal/Undocumented Database so this investigation can get done to prove our @POTUS RIGHT!
Expertise in voter suppression
@jojos444 @POTUS Oh awesome. He seems great.
Kobach crashed Kansas with Brownback. Now he has bigger things in his bomb sites.

SEEMS HIGHLY EDUCATED !!!   WHAT A WASTE !!!  HIS MIND IS GONE AND HE HAS SOLD HIS SOLE !
Chucky I think that you are one of the biggest idiots to set foot on the hill so shut up and go take you're meds
