You all are so spun up about Russia that if a truly impeachable offense came along you're likely to miss it.
I don't really care about Russia. Im just saying the timing of everything happening is questionable. Didn't think he was guilty until then.
I think the Russia/Trump thing is a witch hunt being led by witches. Or perhaps it's an intentional distraction from something worse.
It's quite possible. I too want it to be over. But even when they testify everything is "classified" so they can't get to the bottom of it.
Classified by who? Trump is still a civilian, Congress can request the information.
Classified by the gov, FBI, deparentment of Justice. Every question is answered with "I cannot answer as this is classified information"
The FBI is an arm of the DOJ. The executive created them both. Congress and SCOTUS both have power to request information.
Thanks for the info! Well then I hope they request it so we can move the hell on from all these conspiracies!
What investigation? Grassley/Feinstein implicitly confirm @POTUS not under investigation. What's left? Page, Manafort, Roger Freaking Stone?
It is bullshit
no matter how many times you click your ruby red shoes, you will never get your wish of collusion.
And in the past 12 months you flip flopped on many issues, embarrassing!
I agree. Investigate all of Congress and include all of their tax returns.
What a waste of time Russia is as Fake as @ABC @CNN @NBCNews & @nytimes #FakeNews @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #AuditCongress 
#DrainTheSwamp
How so? YOU called for the firing ofComey for bringing to light Weiners having classified info on his computer from Huma Abedin!!
Keep planting the seeds for civil war, chucky

Give us one shred evidence cuz all I see is a slimeball @TheDemocrats trying to reverse the election
Trump is hiding his guilt. Treason? Money laundering? Rape? Sex trafficking? Business with foreign criminals?  Some? All? More than some imo
I think if there was some kind of crime committed they would of found it by now
You said "tremendous".
please resign now
we must have a special independent investigation. This president has too many problems.
Of course they don't, because the president is dirty (and likes being peed on).
Clapper already said "NO EVIDENCE" of any collusion. You Dems just keep making yourself look DUMB! Hillary camp made it up! STOP
If there's no evidence, then there's no harm in setting up a Special Prosecutor who can put this issue to bed.
ummm you have to be able to show that there has been a crime before you can appoint a special prosscuter. Show me!
That's what a Special Prosecutor does: determines if there was a crime, and, if so, who was responsible.
No a special prosecutor prosecutes the crime. Special prosecutor is not a investigator. Google it
Huh...the FBI are still investigating Chuckles. Maybe if you tell them what, if any, crime the @POTUS has done it will go faster.
U obstructionist Libs R trying so desperately to accuse Trump of Russian ties! How about Hillary's email & Benghazi fiascos? Time 2 move on!
Sessions has got to go. Stop being so damn PC.
Everyone knows Trump aims to end investigation by any means. The question becomes what is Congress going to do to get America the truth?
Why? Because he wants to expose the real criminals in the government?
Take it for what it is @SenSchumer OBSTRUCTION. What's the definition if not firing the guy investigation you?
It's been going on and nothing but Maxine and Bernie have made a scene.
Tired of Rusian issue. Obama had a deal w/  Russian Ambassdor in 2012 electon, HRC allowed Putin own 20 percent American Uranium,
do you do any work? Ever? Seems you only bash Trump.
Blowjob
News flash chuckie Americans have no interest in ur mindless attack on this President & admission We have awakened And realize u r a LIER
The only doubt is your diabolical mind hanging out in a cess pool!
Chuck if you have some thing to to share with the American public, please do or get to work and do you jab!!!!
Let's ALL MOVE ON !!!! Stop being so negative all the time - It will give you medical issues. Slow down and ACCEPT you all lost & move on!!
The American ppl want this investigation to continue, 4get what Trump administration wants, all of them are crooks/frauds.
There is no doubt.
Are you EVER going to see that there is no collusion between Trump and the Russians! Your talking points are very boring and ridiculous
Comey isn't the only investigator in the FBI.If there is an investigation, it will continue,and you know this Chuck,stop fear mongering!!!
To them the investigation is obstuction of their efforts
Let me reassure you Chuck, know you would like it to drag out, we want the facts out. Put you guys down.
No evidence but u continue 2 lie about this administration U have no interest in r country success Only ur own HYPOCRITE LIER SELF INDULGENT
It casts tremendous doubt on Trump"s integrity, intelligence, and ability to lead. I hope you are drawing up impeachment plans.
Did you not hear testimony yesterday from Deputy Dir FBI, "investigation is ongoing and will continue"? Stop the lies &  fear mongering
Senator, there is no doubt that they do not want that. Please #wakeup thanks
@realDonaldTrump starting a petition to investigate schumer for corruption. He used cia to try & destroy potus! Treason
Truth, justice & rule of law not POTUS' values or take back seat to him, his personal desires or vision & pursuit of material wealth.
@realDonaldTrump calling for schumer to be investigated! If you agree reweet. Comey no longer there to cover for him
@realDonaldTrump Mr schumer we demand opening an investigation on u! Ur behavior screams ur hiding ur own corruption
Maybe you should ask for a special prosecutor to investigate Hilary and Podesta on Russian involvement in our country and the Uranium deal
It's not the administrations call, stop spreading lies. Comey was bad at his job, a week ago the left wanted him fired. Hypocrites.
The pattern of actions taken by Democrats so far in Congress casts tremendous doubts on whether Democrats know wtf bipartisan legislation is
"Any person who he appoints to lead the Russian investigation will be concerned that he or she will meet the same fate as Director #Comey"
Then perhaps you should resign cuz u know that investigations continue regardless of who is at FBI
Now I hope that whoever heads the FBI goes after Clinton for lies and getting off is this what the democrats are worried about? GOOD
Yes because there isn't a new Deputy Attorney General that was confirmed 94-6 and who is in charge of the Russia investigation. Keep the BS
when he let Clinton get off and he knew it was wrong he didn't look for unmasking and leaking he did not do his job
the president and he has every right to fire and hire who he wants But I tell you he should have been fired after the speech he gave In July
cares about Russia What we need to do is get the democrats to do their jobs right instead of spending time on tweeter bashing Trump HE is
Wow Hypocrite You wanted him fired when Clinton was being investigated but now you twist and turn things around and blame Trump? SAD who
Democrats and Republicans confirmed a Deputy Attorney who will be in charge of this. You idiots got a guy you approved off and are still 
Resistance in full swing with support from fake news Resistance to what? Resistance to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #LockHerUp #DrainTheSwamp
Stop the 1950's commie REDS SCARE. MORE TAX PAYERS MONEY SQUANDERED. NYS IS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. FIX IT FIRST
Stop talking nonsense
DJT admitted today that he fired Comey 2 end Russiagate. Sessions violated recusal. Obstruction of justice. What r u going 2 do about it?!
YU JUST CANNOT TELL THE TRUTH-PARTISAN HACK THAT'S YU.
Keep reaching, there has been no evidence at all, nice try crying chuck
If the head of any law enforcement agency leaves for any reason does every investigation cease?  No. That's ridiculous. POTUS knows it too.
Stop LYING. U know darn well the investigation doesn't stop no matter who leaves the bureau. You r trying to manipulate how ppl think.
Please stop talking...PLEASE!
Well, duh.  Keep pressing for independent counsel! He needs to be impeached and all his appointees need to go with him.
Enough of your BS. I want to know what you are going to do about investigating the Clinton scandals.
Flip flop much?
SCHUMER SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM THE SENATE HE LIES HE IS A FRAUD IF YOU CAN'T PROVE RUSSIA COLLUSION YOU SHOULD RESIGN
No connection schumer stop wasting taxpayer money ! Ur collecting a paycheck for no good reason but to bash the president every chance u get
everything you are for today you were against just a few weeks ago EVERYTHING
Schumer lies
Nothing more 2 look at  @SenSchumer U R Nothing more than a lying manipulating con man Get behind this president & do something 4 the people
What does that even mean? Of course he wants this witch Hunt to stop. So do I.
I've heard from sources that say Wolf Blitzer is in contact with the Russians. Can't prove but I think it needs to be investigated
Give it up already. You are looking like a fool.
Don't worry chuckie the investigations will continue without comey.. and perhaps old investigations will be reopened.
It's obstruction of justice! Impeach!
Why are u continuing this lie? Your own party admitted there are 0 ties to Russia and Trump! #obamaspied #susanricelied
@Lawrence @maddow @JoeNBC @morningmika @KeithOlbermann Now the Russian investigation must continue. He can not stay in office.
And yet you fully supported a presidential candidate who was under FBI investigation during her entire campaign! True story...
Seriously, had they found anything we'd know already! Suck it up and get over it
There is no investigation. James Comey was not investigating Trump and this Russia nonsense is a Dimmocrat invention.
Your embarrassing yourself.  He cant stop it if he wanted to.  when it is over you will whine about his taxes again.
Agreed. Very suspicious of them
No, not at all! POTUS is tired of you Dims wasting taxpayer $ on BS! It does cast doubt on Dim Ldrs. Mental stability; u all sound confused!
I see patterns in Russia collude and Bigfoot... neither exist, fervor to discover both.
CHUCKY while we're at it, let's investigate OBAMA and Susan Rice for surveilling and unmasking 1000's of American citizens!
CHUCKY CHEESE SCHUMER =OBSTRUCTIONIST
Because theirs nothing to investigate chuck, what proof is there so far?? I believe if they do investigate, the Democrats will hang
He just met with Russians!  More collusion? You met and had pics with Russians. Collusion on your part? We should investigate you too. 
you know full well the investigation will continue. Stop spreading false narritives. Shame on you!
I hope you're included.
What was that conversation about schumer
Why Americans aren't interested only #snowflakes and #crybabyschumer
You know it will continue stop trying to put doubts it people's minds
please resign now you need be impeach
Get off the Russia story there is no proof do your job and work for making America great again that's what the American people want
Yes it does! He is guilty! Please don't let him get away with it! Thank u Senator!
I call bullshit.  Pure Bullshit
The Trump administration is clearly attempting to obstruct an independent investigation of ties with Russia.
Chuckie boy, you & Polesi have let USA DOWN  and must resign from congress ,we have to save America at all cost. Resign now.
You are supposed to be better than Republicans.  It's time to change up your game and not be a hypocrite too.
You have been investigating since July and nothing. MCCARTHYISM by the Democrats! Why don't you worry about NY State! IT'S A MESS
Let the Russian Investigation take care of itself and get some POSITIVE work done 4 the good of AMERICA. For GODS sake.
You are only worried abt Russian Collusion. We know the election was interfered . Get over it n fix it. U need to be worried abt FAILING ahc
What a political animal..its been over 10 months & who knows how many millions. Smuck U keep rearranging the deck furniture on the titanic
Hey Chuck how about calling for an independent counsel to get to the bottom of which Obama admin nut job leaked unmasked class info to media
Chuck you must hate it when President Trump rubs your faces in your silly political games.
No the President refuses to let Democrats create a false political narrative about phony fake news collusion that never happened,
@SenSchumer Lets spend a little time & $$ investigating INDY Mac Bank case we need clarification as 2 UR role in Costing us Trillions of $$
Tell me Mr. Schumer when the Chinese with stealing military secrets and industrial espionage and and sending poison marijuana no reply Dems
Mr. Schumer's delusion is the conclusion all of its own this when you're delusional you come to a conclusion all can you include you
Nobody seem to care about that
The Democratic Party is the party of delusion inclusion
Delusion on Schumer's pot is the conclusion
Why should you have any interest in the conclusion of delusion
It will prove Clinton was the one that was mixed up in the deception. Do you want that
The pattern of events shows that Schumer should go home and have a good cry
chuck u are like a hemmoriod!
What investigation? - ZERO PROOF!
yeah right #crocodileschumer cry yourself to sleep tonight
Ya think??
We hope you keep up your rhetoric right up to 2018 elections. Dems will lose big time. People tired of your one sided agenda.
The russia investigation is a democratic talking point; if Hilary was elected all of the democrats would care less if they were hacked
I continue to find it intriguing how much some Dems hate this country simply because they lost an election. No integrity at all.
Comey became way too political. He did this to himself.
Americans want our government to work together. all these conspiracy theories need to be saved for hollywood.
Come on. POTUS cannot stop this investigation. Pls stop doing this to our country. U do nothing to help. u only cause drama
Does that mean that you lost faith in the FBI just because Comey isn't there?
Why should they allow it to continue using taxpayer dollars when you still have no evidence of this collusion just allegations
their is investigating.the Clinton and Obama investigation is happening cause agents are talking.
Do you know how FBI runs Just because one person leaves things don't  stop it continues what if someone died would FBI investigations stop 
If you assume something false anything follows. You have gone down the slippery slope of misassumption.
The firing of Comey was horrible not for the reasons you think. He caused shame among his employees by not indicting Hillary! He lost lead.
You democrats are pathetic!!!!
The Russian investigation has not stopped. Your a fool. And I would be careful. This investigation just might indit Obama and Hillary.
4Star General Keene visited FBI and spoke with section heads yesterday. The general consensus was shame w Comey's failure to indict Hillary!
U dims are out of ur minds. What are 10 years old?
Let's include you and Hillary and obama too! You are an ignorant man who says one thing now and it's the opposite of what you said before!
Did the investigation stop?
@JamesComeyFBI wasn't the person doing the investigating.
It is a waste of time and money, it is a Demoturd diversion, work on American problems.
I LOVE OUR PRESIDENT
Just shut your mouth nobody wants to hear you you are a fool looking trouble watch out the president will give you more than you can handle
Of course not.  Please run them out.
You wish that was true! But wishing won't make it so Chuckles
. @1choice What's wrong with your ears " clapper NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION PERIOD" HELP WITH HEATHCARE OR RESIGN U R NOT WORKING
Senator Schumer. The American citizens and voters are wondering in your evidence during your witch hunt. Provide 1 Russian name as evidence.
Kinds looks like the same interest you put into IRS,Benghazi,Fast&Furous,Clinton Emails You cant Investigate Republicans you must do ALL!
Can you identify Even One person,you know, talked to, heard from,even heard about, that changed their vote due to russian influence?
They don't.  They are going to try and shut it down.  Isn't that what dictators do??
Time to act to remove him. This country is frozen. What is your strategy to end this disgrace? Enough talk. Action needed now!@CNN
call this what it is. The National Socialists Democrat Party are attempting to pull off a Coup de tat and label a hate group
WE DONT F&$KING CARE
Get him out of there!
But he's initiating an action to investigate voter fraud.
Lyin' Chuck doin what he does best NOT WORK Putting out phony news that because Comey is gone all investigations stop. No evidence will doom
Shut down the Govt until Sessions puts an independent special prosecutor in place
Gee, I wonder why?
Your really wrapped up in this aren't you? Jail time?
Actually the exact opposite. Proves to everyone he has absolutely nothing to hide about Russia since it surely would be leaked now.
Money begets money. Follow the money trail. Prob hidden in off shore accounts.
What about truth and the American way?  What about trust and common decency? What about the safety of America and its citizens from Russia?
I realize you're constrained in what you can say, but this sounds tone deaf.
It sounds like you aren't keeping up with what's publicly available information when one steps outside flagship news channels and papers.
If you are feeling timid, please don't feel timid.
American people have not been paying attention for the last four months.
Don't be afraid to recount what we've learned over that period, most were totally checked out.
The @POTUS administration wants the investigation completed so they can move on from your daily rants about the Russians and so do we!
The Deplorables will cover it up.
