.@HHSGov the situation is not under control. People are not receiving care they need. They need resources #PuertoRico.
Dialysis centers are relying on generators. Those centers need clean water & diesel. #PuertoRico
People are dying and some patients need to be evacuated. #PuertoRico
We must get patients out of #PuertoRico and to the care they need. @HHSGov can and must do more.
Good for you!
You have been telling the mayor to lie.
Talk talk talk blah blah blah.
As usual, another tragedy, the same Dem blah, blah, ridicule, blah, blah, blah. How about a specific actionable response instead Chucky?
Seeing how relief must be brought to many places by mule maybe jackass Chucky can get his jackass party to haul it to victims themselves.
Jeez, even 4 a Trump bot, you're an imbecile
In MY country, the USA, we have these amazing, highly trained professionals called the Marines
& these amazing Marines can be dropped into ANY hostile environment & set up bases, airstrips, roads, bridges, comm units, & temp hospitals
Only a Trump loving ASS would make jokes abt sending in mules 2 save dying ppl while the man who could have ordered in the USMC did NOTHING
The Marines, the USS Lincoln & the USNS Comfort should have been ordered to deploy as soon as Maria passed.
Murderer Trump waited over a wk
44 hospitals are operational

So stop your lies
Why?  You don't give a darn about anyone!
That's great keep up the talks and help the President send what's needed
What's this about Trump restricting congressional travel? Isn't that waaaay out of his lane?
This is a tragic situation and 45 administration has not been proactive enough with relief assistance. #JonesAct
What about the diabetics??
No talking do do do

Good. And the USVI? We can't forget them!!
The two massive hospital ships and the Navy choppers will be far ahead of you.
can you be president
Can u do parachute drop of medical supplies in special coolers as temporary remedy for Puerto Rico
so trying to use this as a laundering opportunity by scare tactics
Good, cuz I just watched a presser from PR & all the politicians are simply praising the job they're doing.

Heckofajob they're doing.
Insulin fir type 1. Takes just a day or two to die. Please look at insulin.
Please fly over PR and drop care packages thru out those areas cut off. People are going to starve while waiting for ground access
What about the 2m babies ripped apart in the womb each year and parts sold. What are you doing about that?
Good looking out Chuck. Thank you.
chainsaws, extra chains correct mixed fuel safety gear teacher/foreman to show amateurs how to use them + Pay loaders would help! Armycorps?
After things settle down in Puerto Rico I would like to speak with you and assist you in the correct tact toward "healthcare" Craig NEADUSA
Your office talks to Nancy Pelosis office and maybe Duncan Donuts delivery.  Who are you kidding.
All you do is talk, try taking action like YOUR President.
By the hell aren't we using our military aircraft carriers and helicopter fleet to deliver supplies if trucks can't?
Lip service as usual . This time u posted it "my office has been talking" when r u going to do something? Other than complain nothing done
Isn't it all the people of Puerto Rico?  Your criticism is non-productive.
Sen Schummy, at least your thinking!
Watch out when Chucky goes into action!

IndyMac Bank failure & set off panic causing 2008 economic collapse!
Hey chuck you do know that there is no electric. Roads are impassable.
Thank you also issues with people not getting life saving drugs especially insulin
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO HELP THE AMERICANS IN TEXAS, WHOS LIVES HAVE BEEN DESTROYED DUE TO FLOODING  AND DEATH?
WHAT IS YOUR KICK BACK FROM THE SALE OF THE DIALYSIS MACHINES SCHUMER?
You are awesome SCHMUCK
I disagree with you politically chuck, but will give you props.  You are very slick selling your agenda.  Cheers

gret stuff .
This, from @ACPinternists, the largest physician specialty society: http://acponline.org/acp-newsroom/i …
Sen. Schumer:  This may go down as the worst administration yet.
Forget Puerto Rico and deal with our health and tax problems.
Thank you @SenSchumer for your work during this national emergency. We send our love.
What took so long?
Guess you need a pat on the back?
Do you own those company's
Now be honest about how the President is heling PR. Say something ! Tell your support the truth!
At least @realDonaldTrump is DOING something!
Too bad it is only talk. Do nothing Chuck. Maybe if you were crying they would do something.
Trump was there from the beginning all you Libral are trying to make this a Katrina ... The Navy ships are there and so is the Mercy ship
And... No wonder people hate you! Explain yourself old man!
Good luck Chuck I hope you can get these poor people dialysis.
Someone seriously needs to get Trump the hell out of my damn White House. NOW. Thanks
thank you! thank you for leading the charge on big stuff, thank you for solving real problems for real people when the system isn't working
Good.  I believe you. Twitler, not so damn much
ALT-LEFT #WACKO DEMOCRAT
It's reassuring knowing that we some have dedicated public servants minding the store while the admin has unleashed shoplifters.
You knew PR was bankrupt before the Hurricanes !!! Why didn't you take proactive steps to solve the inevitable problems? So sad
Yes, 44 hospitals may be up and running, but can the medical professionals get to work?  The situation is very critical
The people are suffering because they are isolated on an Island? America can do much much better than that.
Are they just talkimg or are you actually helpong?

Please don't forget US Virgin Islands as well!  They are suffering also.  ALL of our islands need our help right now.
Talk talk talk. No do do do.
Hopefully this will wake up the Puerto Rican voters to replace libs like  Louisiana did.
Any progress?
Thank you for caring!! And for doing the hard work that goes along with caring. You could have stayed busy tweeting about the NFL.
Send the US Seabees to restore power, etc in Puerto Rico. What are we waiting for?
Blah, blah, blah...liar..cant believe the people of New York are so gulable...ever heard the word RECALL
Hopefully @RoyalCaribbean can evacuate and accommodate dialysis patients – possibly provide dialysis treatment as well
Let's get some of your democratic donors to lend us there private planes....maybe George Clooney.biglist of rich donors.
Hit on them to help
When y live in a 3rd World Territory u get 3rd World medicine.
PR has chosen to be like all  other Latin American States.
Corrupt n Bankrupt
give them Obama care. Oh yeah people die on that too
Since when did offices start talking? You mean the people in your office? Don't be crass:(
What has ACA done to the middle class ruined their healthcare!!!
Hurry, this should have been thought of before, during and immediately after the storm! Hurry.
Maybe some of your rich Dems like George Clooney  could sent one of there private planes to help....
Do you ever take time to visit any of the hurricane damaged areas or sit in your comfy office and complain.
omg thank you so much. i feel for them all but i worry about those on machines, dialysis, oxygen. they need to be taken to our hospitals
All talk, no action....typical libby
Good!
https://twitter.com/AKHLASS1/status/913505696305504256 …
#AirDropsinPuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRico
@FEMA_Brock @fema @uscg Please use helicopters to drop supplies in the areas you can't reach b4 more people die

…
Did you tell them “No”?   Talking shit is what you do best, but action not so much.   Tell them how cruel and heartless this is.   Creep!
Just keep talking. No action. That's what u do best.
KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF PUERTO RICAN ORGANS CHUCKIE.....
You need dialysis of the brain.
Thank you, Chuck.
Glad to hear you are making your self useful old Chuckie boy
General Chucky Schumer is taking over and directing relief operations for Puerto Rico with his magic wand
Your office??? WTF are you doing? other then looking for ways to trash Trump
All you do is talk! That's it
Great.   Thanks!
Select cruise lines provide dialysis treatments aboard ship. RCI & celebrity cruise

All you are doing is talking and politicizing the catastrophe
Talk talk talk
Ever notice that it's the Dems that do all the diplomatic work? @realDonaldTrump & the GOP have no clue what diplomacy means.
Why aren't the Marines in there already? They know how to go into a war zone & build airstrips & communication centers asap
#trumpskatrina
Hey there chucky, why did the democrats run Puerto Rico into the ground for the last 8 years?
Typical Democrats just talk
I'm happy to see you are doing something positive, seriously, and not resisting. Thanks
Thank you from the Finger Lakes
You're tweeting as if we don't have boots on the ground.
Funny how only rightwing garbage people are claiming that PR has plenty of help. #propaganda #bot #instablock
Senator, They are showing on the media that there is help. The media view and the actuality are 2 different views.
1 follower. Bot.
URGENT USA needs military jets down there yesterday pick them up bring them to FL GA TX  Put Iv's in their arms & ZOOM them in. trumps cruel
....."talking".....that's the problem.....there's no action.....
Democrats use their time and energy trying to find the slightest little thing to rant and complain about. You're all a bunch of fools!
CS go get them bring them to the hospital. T owes PR $33M plus interest & penalties. Tell Tom Price PR needs our jet he uses for lunch dates
Calm down. They don't want to come here and they are getting all they need
Senator please do not forget Vieques, there are dialysis patients on this tiny island. They need you to be their hero.
Stop talking! Action we need Actionp
Pretty sure you aren't the first one to think of that. HHS Price has that covered. 3/4 of hospitals are at full strength.
Senator, when is Congress going to vote on Irma/Maria aid?
It already passed
Oh please when did you ever care about anyone but yourself. I prefer it when you behave in your normal ghastly way.
Funny, @ricardorossello who is the gov of PR is saying they got over half of hops operational. You should check his feed before tweeting
Thank you! 
How about YOU and YOUR OFFICE go there your doing NOTHING but tweeting and complaining AS USUAL
Thank you Senator!
Chuck, what are you providing for all the unborn fetus' ?
No one is. Sassy boy.
No one is what, sassy girl ?
Responding to your question asking about who was looking after "unborn children" regarding Puerto Rico and FYI I am very old
May I still call you Sassy Girl ?
So many thanks to you for helping these Americans!
This administration is criminally inept.
5 - Meaning until Monday the 25th, (nearly a WEEK after Hurricane Maria made landfall), the WH had no plans to make any moves in PR…
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr at least take this divisive conversation out of the news. Argue over reality, argue over Partys Basic Ideology.
Please stop lying to the American public or stop drinking while tweeting.
@TomThorson2  Bot
Спасибо за ваш комментарий. Вы врач?
any1 hv a plane w/sufficient cargo/pass. capability to get this all to #PuertoRico quickly?Generators too...lots of em
@SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr @NancyPelosi 
The phrase "United we stand, divided we fall" Stand as one Announce Impeachment isn't possible 4 POTUS
Thank you Senator Schumer.
I'm sure Davita has resources and has probably already started relief efforts for dialysis patients.  Talk to Kent Thiry.
Thank you so much sir!!! Puerto Rico AND the USVI needs help like 8-21 days ago!!! 
There needs to be some serious questions asked of tRUmp as to why help is taking so long to arrive. He must be held responsible for this
trump a cruel weak boy. Trump also took PR for $33 million he owes them he added 2 thier debt and they are brown t doesn't like that either
Thank you Senator.
We are being ruled by evil men
Don't pick on Chuckie!
I'm not! He knows!
I've read that of GOP senators as well, if you are trying to create the illusion that u are the only one
Thank you Senator!!! As a nephrology nurse these patients are very important to me!

Maybe you should be more concerned about the people of Puerto Rico than partisanship and stupid memes.  How wretched can one get?

I thought you didn't care??  Seems like you do.
Glad ur asking... But get something done!!
PLEASE PLEASE!!
Thank you!
Are you going to DO ANYTHING? Glad you're TALKING about it. But we need more than talk.
My office has been talking to Dialysis companies, American Kidney Fund & HHS about emergency situation in #PuertoRico with Dialysis patients
Thank you Senator.  You are a very decent human setting a fine example.
Thank you for ALL you do for our people
