just do your job for the people! Not your own interests!
the people don't want Gorsuch.
we always hear what you guys don't want, but never have any suggestions.
BAHAHAHA. This from the party that just face planted on presenting alternative to ACA?
better to get it right and pull it. Time to reevaluate, get it right and then vote. Seems to be responsible.
they'll never vote on it. Everyone hated AHCA. It's an oppositional, idea-free party.
stop crying over it and just vote the man in he's far more qualified then your choice
incorrect. Garland so qualified a Republican suggested him. Gorsuch is out of mainstream
His ratings by the bar association indicate  otherwise.
I also don't like my SCOTUS justices being bought, and Gorsuch is.
Is it worth sacrificing a fillibuster on Gorsuch? Dems will not take back the senate in 2018 so why not save this fight for someone worse.
Do you think they'll negotiate next time? I don't. If we can't use it for fear of losing it, it's already gone
I just think it's better to choose battles. If you goto Custer's last stand make sure you are the Sioux.
My issue is that if we're going to lose the filibuster regardless, does it matter if we lose here or next time?
If a nominee is flawed like Gorsuch, the answer is to withdraw and nominate new choice. That's the adult way to proceed.
what is his flaw? Being nominated by Trump I would imagine. Not a good enough reason to deem him a bad choice.
he's out of the mainstream and his hearings were a farce
total BS. The dems got embarrassed by Gorsuch. Garland is not a choice now.
There's very little that can be done about Gorsuch.  And I question, as a Dem, whether this is
blow it up. It's time we start playing their game.
Not sure what that means, but the Dems will lose this battle.
Of course we'll lose. Even if we manage to filibuster G nomination,repubs will change the rules
Simply hypocritical coming from you!
I think you should be fully investigated by all possible means l think there is credible evidence you are a law breaker.
Why didn't u change the nominee's in 2013 instead of using the nuclear option? Y is that so hard to answer?
And why did so many Dem's vote for Gorsuch previously, but now suddenly they're opposing him?
.@PressPhobia @kevindandy1 @faston2whlz @SenSchumer It assists in relieving the buttache
And why did so many Dem's vote for Gorsuch previously, but now suddenly they're opposing him?
Blame belongs with YOU, no one else
You can vote YES on his nomination!
They always do.
How bout third choice- agree w Cruz, 8 is enough! Cruz said if Clinton won, 8 is enough forever!  We agree w Cruz!
this cruz?
Yes, that Cruz.
Just one more on Cruz-notice any similarities here?https://www.adl.org/education/resources/backgrounders/christian-identity … Support to Israel won't last IMO.
goooooo Trump! Gooooo RIGHT! Payback is immature and sad....America voted, RIGHT won! Zygote has OWN set of DNA and IS American
Please keep fighting. @GOP is without scruples
NO SCOTUS or major legislation until we figure out WTF with our treasonous POTUS!! #russiagate
WE CALL ON CHUCK SCHUMER TO RESIGN! #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica
You did say in 2013 that it's important to preserve the straight up or down vote, not be obstructionist, did you not?
and did the @GOP heed that advice...no...so why should the Dems roll over....the Court doesn't want him...reversed him

Democrats aren't scared of the nuclear option bluff.
Not a bluff and other justices will be quickly confirmed after rules are changed. Elections have consequences.
Like I said, go for it.  All the Justices will probably be alive in 4 years and ready to retire.
Done deal, Gorsuch IS CONFIRMED Dems cannot stop

 

I don't know who paid for your Education but they should DEMAND A REFUND! You are not that smart! #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica
HOW COME IT DID WASH WHEN HARRY REID DID IT CHUCK ????? TWO SETS OF RULES ???
He has 55 votes now. You looking more stupid everyday Chuck!
. @SenSchumer WRONG Democrats are creating a false narrative YOU, Obama, Biden and Clinton ALL approved him #confirmgorsuch @GorsuchFacts
Changed our minds after #GOP invited a hostile foreign power to disrupt our election. ALL PROGRESS IS GRINDING TO A HALT UNTIL RESOLVED.
Chuck, you need to gather ur caucus! No on gorsuch!! Absolutely not! America cannot afford 40 yr setback by him! Mercers  anti-American
Mercer invited a hostile foreign power's interference in our election. No way, no how are we going to accept what this fake admin proffers.
I loved your statement! you cleared the board and spoke to law!
Gorsuch will be confirmed. If you continue to obstruct it will be to your detriment
Whats the matter, dont you like the taste of your own medicine?
The GOP did this obstruction for the last year...and Gorsuch rules for business, not people..
As a New York resident, I want you to vote yes for Gorsuch. Stop obstructing and actually get something done for a change. No more games.
@realDonaldTrump Chuck do try to create Revenue generation Inventions. Democrats are experts at DELAYING & CRITICIZING. Innovate Made in USA
what doesn't wash is your obstructionistic leadership. You work for the U.S. taxpayers! Not Mexican illegals or Muslim refugees!
You're absolutely correct.
Where was the outrage when Reid changed@the rules? #hypocrisy
I'm not outraged at all if the GOP kills the filibuster.  They will have to deal with the result years down the road.
Like people should not b allowed to run for president until cleared? But yet Hillary did.
Your point? She was under FBI investigation up until OCT. still ran for president. So your original statement Is mute.
No the FBI reopened the investigation in Oct. Therefore she was running for president while under investigation.
USA clearly vulnerable no safeguards: election attacked & we still recognize trump to add to s court; electoral college blind2 electionfraud
U.S. shouldn't allow under this investigation anything passed or nominated until resolved. trump: collusion, foreign attack, election fraud!
HARY REID changed the rule YOU get to eat it. Try being an adult please
You're a very insincere person. SAD!  #MAGA
McConnell already pulled the nuclear option last year, why do dems constantly believe the Rs will play by the rules..they WON'T
You are creating a false controversy. Do not filibuster. Get your Dems on board and confirm Gorsuch.
PLEASE, PLEASE-Do not allow Nuclear Option. IT SAFE GUARDS our future! Gorsuch is not a bad choice! It could be MUCH WORSE!
ur gonna vote no resulting in repubs goin nuclear & then Trump will replace Ginsburg & Kennedy w/ultra right judges. u must suck at chess
What doesn't wash is the fact that you voted to confirm Gorsuch for his current post.  You're obstructing his confirmation for politics.
I suggest Trump puts Gorsuch on the shelf & gets the most conservative judge he can find, since U are insisting on downgrading Senate.
what the hell were u and all ur dem cronies doing for 8 years that put our country in the mess that it's in? Tell me, tell us!!!
answer Americans this: why did you defend Bidens rule on Scotus when it fit ur agenda? Could it be because u are all hypocrites?
@GOP has to change the rules, because u are changing your orig vote FOR Judge Gorsuch from 10 yrs ago! The nuclear option is "your" fault!
You're the Leader Chuck, ALL of the Liberal Dems follow your (lately) bizarre actions & recommendations. u need to talk w/old friend @POTUS
Chuck , you supported Gorsuch in 2006 along with 94 other senators. What has changed besides Trump's nomination of him
You need your mouth washed out with soap for lying about obstructing the Gorsuch nomination.
you said nuclear option will be on GOP shoulders..WRONG! It will be squarely on shoulders DEMS for not voting in favor of this great man!
You can thank Harry Reid for that it works when you're in power, quit whining losers. on the road to getting things done in the swamp
I'm not a conservative, but Gorsuch seems like a stellar judge.  Party politics has to stop.  Move the country forward.
You were quite happy when Sen Reid made harsh rule changes in the Senate. This dictator-like action by Reid and Democrat Senate now bites u
The Past is Prologue--------
Vote chunky out
Sure. Like you would support ANY candidate the GOP puts forward. Obstructionist, regardless of the issue.
Sir @SenSchumer you are a liar.  Isn't your goal to degrade the discourse of the US Senate into a partisan battleground.  1 of 2
Forcing the end of the nuclear option on Gorsuch is ridiculous.  You clearly just cannot handle standing up for your belief. Unuclear opt
Like 2013 when democrats used it!!!!
@GOP Should remember they may be in the minority as soon as 2018 looking at the drip drip drip scandals connected to WH and Nunes.
No, YOU & other #Democrats don't wash - you smell! America is sick & tired of your radical left-wing BS. Hope the "nuke" cooks you good!
Democrats, unlike Republicans, are more apt to listen to a reasoned strategy on Gorsuch. Write an op-ed laying it out.
Do you think w/all this leaked info about criminals in Congress u will escape it? U r one that will fall hardest. UR Actions speak VOLUMES!
Wasn't it you & Harry Reid that changed the rules to begin with? You should look at your presser with Harry Reid from Nov.21st, 2013 Chuck.
Tell The Republicans Merrick Garland deserves a vote before Gorsuch.....That's our Battle Cry!
I hope Democrats can stick together on SCOTUS vote. We don't need a 2.0 of Scalia who had a horrendous record when it came to civil rights
#SnowFlake
#confirmgorsuch #SCOTUS
Maybe if you guys didn't change rules to appease your supreme leader last administration, you wouldn't be whining like a two year old now...
It’s quite clear that if he isn’t qualified, then nobody is. And, if you’d filibuster this judge, it’s obvious you’d filibuster anyone.
He has cleared every hurdle placed in front of him, so the minority has resorted to falsehoods and new standards along the way.
REMEMBER: Neil Gorsuch will SOON be sitting on the Supreme Court.  AND: Merritt Garland WONT be!
Sorry Chucky but elections have consequences. You have no power. Need a #SafeSpace ? 
You and every dem voted to confirm him a decade ago.  What has changed?
U & All dems spent 8 yrs shoving legis down throat of @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP . It was UR way or the HiWay. Hope GOP turns table
The best nuclear option is to blow up mean old Chuckie the Gremlin LOL
Boo Hoo head clown, doesn't fit your narrative now, live with it. You lost get over it.
Hey "chuck e cheese", #Gorsuch will be confirmed with or without you....

#ConfirmGorsuch is a when, no an if!
NOOO Smucky Chucky! It was YOUR side & Mr. Harry Reid who STARTED this in 2013! Now it's going to BACKFIRE & YOU ALL DESERVE IT!
Yep it does.  Called the Biden Rule.Rollin, Rollin, Rollin, Time to change some Laws and charge @BarackObama Admin for unmasking!
You don't wash! Start working for us not for your party.
Double dog dare him to use the nuclear option and see if he backs down. 2018 is coming.
@KMETHOMAS Isn't this hypocritical given that Democrats exercised the nuclear option for all judgeships except SCOTUS?
Every time you& Nancy open your mouths you lose votes. Gorsuch is highly qualified-objections are political. Your party doesn't control us
you liberal wonk - your party was the first to change those rules
Here's a thought, try working with the GOP.  Try being a Patriot, it feels good.
Senate rules should not be changed, House rules shouldn't have been changed, and fillibusters should not be allowed for SCOTUS.  #politics
Hypocrite. What changed your mind from the last time you voted for him? Goes to show u don't need morals and ethic in government.
Well two demos just said they will vote 4 him. Only 6 more needed so nuclear option won't need to be used.
So it's ok for your side of the isle to change the rules for yourselves? Get over it, Garland is no longer a choice. #Gosuch.  Hypocrite!
Dems are in no position to demand ANYTHING after losing more than 1k seats nationally under Obama.
Dems used nuke option when THEY wanted.
@Sen_JoeManchin  Thanks Sen Manchin for being the adult in the room.  Judge Gorsuch is imminently qualified & deserves a vote.
Gorsuch should be confirmed you should be expelled for inability 2 get over urself
Sure it does
Gorsuch should not be considered while Russia investigation is ongoing-even then vote no #lifetimeappointment #MerrickGarland
And once again you hypocrite you and Reid are the ones that voted in the nuclear option. You have no one to blame but yourself jack ass.
Keep up the great work! No nominations or confirmations until This CORRUPT ADMIN. is fully investigated.
U do know that America hates u right?
You & the 3 stooges (Nancy, Maxine, & Pocohontas) have always created a TRUE choice? You 4 have always had your own rules.  NO MORE ASSHOLE!
@AlasscanIsBack you have a knife them gun they say put up knife but they keep gun Hold ur ground go down on the side of freedom
Washing is something you should consider-CHUCKY
thank you for opposing this stolen seat.
Highly qualified candidate.  Great opportunity to seize the high ground and you want to play a losing hand to stroke your base.  Bad choice.
never forget this is an #IllegitimatePOTUS and supreme court seat
Shut up Chuck you are a loser!!!!! Gorsuch is fantastic and you know it.
Sorry even Dems want Gorsuch VERY qualified. U R playing games w Constitution.Will remember election time Surprise this time Tired of hate
You're a no good traitor and commie.
Well, it's dems' fault. First, Biden Rule (which u complain abt NOW); then Reid's nuclear option; now GOP's nuclear op. But dems started it.
what can be done about Heidcamp and Manchun...
Reid Rule!
OTOH, it could drive a change in the majority in 2018. Bernie has shown the grass roots how to rally.
when Dems have majority create new law to un-seat any Supreme Court judge who did not receive a legal 60 vote approval!
U mean like U changed them. UR losing...UR getting Farkased!
Hypocrite! You voted for him in 2006!
@POTUS Senator you voted for him before your going vote against him.  What doesn't wash is your mouth full of Hypocrisy.
Your precious Democratic Party did this. No one to blame but yourself Sen. Schumer's social media lackey.
good lord Chuck. You guys are making fools of yourselves. We see right through your games. You don't give us enough credit.
We all know you're trying to distract from the real issue.
You're all involved with the corruption that's beginning to be revealed and you are trying to save yourself.
you thought you were safe but the we Lifelong democrats finally saw you all for who you really are and voted Trump in.
the truth is coming so don't try something stupid like trying to kill him like you people do when your about to get busted.
we are way smarter than you think.
@senategop @housegop @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch I'm ready for 2018 elections. $upporting @GOP OPPONENT$ with VOTES and CA$H. @actblue
Thank Harry Reid!
You the #hypocrite are causing the problem. Your deflection isn't working. We aren't as dumb as you think.
If @SenMajLeader commits this fraud & installs Gorsuch to Supreme Court when @SenateDems have majority create law to remove him
If Dems allow the GOP to steal this seat, there will never be another SCOTUS appointment made by a Dem president.
Stop them, Senator.
You and your falsehoods don't wash with the American people
If the nuclear option exists, then it DOES NOT MATTER IF IT'S NOW OR LATER! Please explain what the difference is? Now, later, anytime?
SCOTUS = *SCOTUS
SANS GARLAND
Please Retire you Alt leftist!
500 missing children in the small DC area in 3 months doesn't wash either. Turn yourself in Chucky @realDonaldTrump
Nice try.  You sound like a fool.
And if we have to go nuclear, we should pick the most Conservative 2-3 Justices known to man during @realDonaldTrump 's term.
What doesn't wash Chuckles is you being all for Harry Reid going nuclear and now you act like it's a problem. You're a fraud
Trump is a product of a criminal enterprise
Saddest government in the world!
Republicans will lose on way or the other
Thank you!
Trade cloture for the full return of the filibuster and break the nuclear option trick so this never happens again.
You need to back off it's nonsense senator you and your party failed thw American people for eight long years you don't care about America.
apparently you don't remember the videos of you in 2012. A 180 of how you're behaving now #GorsuchHearing
you dems already lost.  Give it up.
because you are transparent in fighting it hard for your nominee that lost. Your integrity is in the gutter, sir
#IllegitGovernment....CORRUPT GOP TRYING TO GET AWAY WITH PREZ ELECTION CON. DO NOT GIVE AWAY FUTURE TO THEM AS WELL. HELL TO THE HELL NO!!
Nuke the GOP.
Illegitimate POTUS cannot appoint SCOTUS.  Bring back Merrick Garland.
Didn't you and your people go nuclear on multiple judges? Yes you did! Can you say HYPOCRISY
Please filibuster Judge Gorsuch, it might help if you shed a tear!
Such a rush for gorsuch, but no hearing for garland for a year! No SCt pic while Russiagate ongoing. Mercers did not buy him for nothing!!
Someone should wash the lies out of your mouth Chuckie
your a pathetic no solutions, put us 20 trillion in debt while giving yourself great healthcare. How about term limits, Chuck ??
this is why Americans have zero respect for congress.
Chuckie you blasted the GOP over obstructionism and now your doing it.  When you grow up maybe I'll listen to you.
What doesn't wash is how you keep getting reelected. Pitiful.
stop whining. Republicans win we get choice.
you created the rule you Dilusional snowflake
So far 2 Dems announced they'll vote for Gorsuch. U r wrong Chuck about Gorsuch. No reason to vote no.
Your fear is showing, Retire.
maybe you should have explained that to Harry Reed
Oh stop. You voted for him in 2006 For the the U.S. 10th Circuit Court of Appeals as well as 45 other democarats. He's qualified,do your job
Chuck, you have to take a stand. Gorsuch is a civil rights nightmare.
Besides... no SCOTUS in POTUS' last year!! 
@MsMaddieGonzale  You've got 2 Dems so far that pledged to vote yes on Gorsuch. Excommunicate them now. #MerrickGarland
Senator Schumer, they are bluffing.  They know damn well it could be Democrats in complete control in four years and will need filibuster.
Why do you oppose a highly qualified, mainstream nominee?

.
You better go back and watch some old tapes of you and your fellow colleagues
elections have consequences. Dems lost. This is FIRST ever filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee. YOU own the fall of the Senate
How often do we see unanimity from the Supreme Court? They ALL overturned Gorsuch's past ruling. Maybe they are telling us something?
Dems created that false choice, you incompetent boob. Thank Harry Reid.
That makes it not a rule... merely a suggestion.
