We need somebody with deep pockets to buy the browsing history of Congress and publicize it
A few #Dems celebs were talking about it.
This is disgusting! How can this be undone?
@SenSchumer it's unamerican!
@SenSchumer @washingtonpost
@MikeOkuda @washingtonpost   I wonder if people own the copyright to their metadata... They did create it, is it not theft?
@4took38 trump is so concerned about his privacy but he's taking ours away! What's he getting out of this?
Sorry but this is hype.  The Obsma ruling was never put in place.
excuse me this has been done since the Obama era, On that note, I am urging you to vote Gorsuch, the American Public has been screwed enough
@SenSchumer So ... what about NSC Advisor Susan Rice? Schumer must be furious about this! Waiting for his enraged reaction!
How is this different than what Twitter, Facebook, are already doing? Why do they get an unfair advertising advantage.
So is selling fetal parts!!!!!
How about Susan rice unmasking US citizens who were on the Trump team? Talk about plain wrong? This is much larger than WATERGATE...
This is idiotic hype to scare your uninformed followers.  All social sites already profile their users.  Twitter has labeled me as political
But I bet @AmbassadorRice had this in lieu of unmasking. #Democrats and @POTUS44 would be feeling a lot better now a days! @Varneyco
Then stop using Facebook, Twitter, Google, etc, because they all do it. It's in their TOS. Funny how Obama's privacy regs didn't cover them.
The internet providers have been collecting this info FOR YEARS.
@SenSchumer @washingtonpost Lied.
@SenSchumer @washingtonpost
But when government collects and stores everyone's data that's OK? So, it the price you object to?
...
@SenSchumer @washingtonpost OBAMA ALLOWED FACEBOOK AND GOOGLE TO DO IT FOR YEARS. #factsmatter
The intrusion into citizens private business is not even reasonable let alone right. I thought as an American I had some rights!
They could at least send me a percentage. Sheesh.
by the now treasonist, lying Democrats. Don't fall in their trap, we the people of California WANT GORSUCH, DO THE JOB you were voted for!
selling out Californians 2nd Amendment rights is "just plain wrong" too.
What's the alternative other than telling your ISP not to share your data. Incredible!
this is just robbery!!
The 45 is doing this to sale us to other countries this is fuck up big time
I know Facebook Google are not free but our private information like where we live ID etc that's wrong
This was already being done.
So Susan Rice was the highest bidder on NSA info? So Obama could spy on the opposition?  What total hypocrites you all are.
Especially since we can't even get a peek at BLOTUS' tax return.
The GOP top 2% want to take advantage of others for personal gain! Abundantly clear to all, this is the wrong road to follow! An abomination
What do you expect from a man who derides the rich, and takes money from them  at the same time?
@SenSchumer LMAO Telemarketers been selling your MUCH MORE sensitive info for years. This does nothing imbecile
The GOP don't realize or maybe don't care this bill will affect everything f/ their constituents...employment, insurance, etc. #vote2018
It appears @MarshaBlackburn who introduced this House bill doesn't care about the privacy of her constituents or anyone else...#vote2018
Yup, so let's make it across the board. Nobody should have a leg up on the competition, but I'm sure Google and Twitter would argue with me.
Thanks for sharing this article. I'll read it later then see what I think before I comment on it.
Tell that to Susan Rice
Disgusting He must be getting paid
violating an initern while president in the "oval office" joking its the ORAL office is just PLAIN WRONG !!!!
Doubling so when the gov't shares information with other agencies to persecute potential opponents. #IRS #NSA
Why won't you investigate Trump for promoting Fox News channel can you say unethical on his part
How about unmasking names?
Fucking 2-bit lying hypocrites. Dems already sold us out to Google & Facebook.
How much did Google & Facebook pay DEMS to allow them to gather data but not ISP's?
So why did U liberals decide to vote to do just that? GOP killed the bill Dems created that favored selling privacy out to Google & Facebook
Weren't 45's followers the ones screaming the loudest about invasion of privacy?
A great example of how Repugnicans are looking out for us!
Except when Facebook and Google do it, then it's OK.
The REAL question is what are 2 hiding? #DeepState
Agreed. I want to know the reasoning behind approving this. Oh wait, I know, it's the money dumped in the coffers of our representatives!
Trump needs to reject the bill!
Hard to believe Chucky retweeted this...he must not have read it.  Shoots down every tweet he has done on this subject to date.
W out consent ! Really u talking about w out  consent schumer u have lost it Mr lib party u live that
It used to be called invasion of privacy   Identity theft imminent for everyone  those who voted in favor..
Don't pretend that this is new! Our personal information has been sold for over 10 years. I get unwanted calls and mail all the time.
If the Democraps are against something, then whatever is proposed is the correct thing !  Arseholes like Schumer & Peelosi  haven't a clue!
I thought the law prevented a rule that had not yet been put in place to be stopped.  Am I wrong?
quite tweeting and get to work for the country
Unless you're the Dems. Then you use federal agencies to gather data to use against your political opponents.
So why did you dems vote to allow giants like Google and Yahoo to do it, but not ISP's? Did they PAY YOU BETTER???
It's wrong for Obama to use intel for political reasons too
ATT & Verizon have released statements they will not sell customer data.
@SenSchumer this was on the table during the election. Why is it such a surprise now. Why is no one talking about 
Ajit Pai.
Facebook and Google and others can do it ...but others ...not so much?
Expect that your current and future employers will purchase your browser search history.
It's just plain wrong on every level.. no reason to do this except to profit off the people. The chaos this will bring..all for money/greed
@SenSchumer @washingtonpost one ISP needs to guarantee protection of our data, then sit back and watch customers flood in
But is ok if your name is Hillary Clinton
Need to take back America from these lunatics.
Comes in handy under a fascist leader...
Google collects info on your searches, mines your GMail, can keep all that info on a foreign server, and sell that info to whoever has $.
Prosecuting citizen journalists for doing a story on a govt funded entity is just plain wrong. Yet you stand behind that?
Could somebody please retweet the list of names and phone numbers for those that voted for this?
I just did.
Democrats already steal people's info Ms Harris,  what's your point?
Welcome to a GOP controlled US government.  Seems the only thing can pass is harmful legislation that targets the poor & middies.
Is that anything like the Obama Admin's surveillance on political opponents and providing it to Hillary?
Selling personal info is the start of a police state run country. We have separate and divide the population that's coming next
That's wrong but don't forget under Obama we can get our cable television
Highest bidder could be organized crime or foreign gov't. THIS IS STUPIDITY RUN AMUCK. Who were the imbeciles behind this& why? Who R their
BACKERS? What is in it 4 them. Exposing ppl 2 IF threat, fraud,blackmail is serious. Remember their names on election day when they R up
They R so stupid or paid well they shouldn't be elected 2 be dog capture. Can Russia use this info? You bet!
And what if the highest bidder a foreign country?

#internet
@SenSchumer What stops them from selling our information to Russians to give they a way to legally find info to attack us with
GOP are racking up the cash for their YES vote....pathetic....
Why does the existing law (which is not being enforced) allow Goole to do just that and prohibits others?
@SenSchumer @washingtonpost fml
1 John 1:9
If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all [1/2]
unrighteousness. [2/2]
@b_fung Doesn't Google, Facebook and others already sell our information already!
Selling a customer's data without permission should  be against the law! Customers should not have to rely on goodwill of corporations!
Yet taking people's money without their consent is OK?
What do you plan on doing about it?
Just because they can, doesn't mean they should, If  they had any integrity, they wouldn't do it.
How about we consumers boycott Internet providers that seek to own our private info? Hit them in the pocket to protect ourselves/ on our own
I agree selling our personal data without our permission is wrong. Can this be stopped?
i hate Kamala and im a republican but im proud someone said something. And i agree with you ms harris
Internet activity and browsing history needs 4th ammendment protects Its the same as mail and a wired telephon
This move makes me feel like the USA is turning into another North Korea rather than another Russia. Is Trump like Kim Jong Un now?! 
There is two sides to that issue. If there is no guaranty of security people will just use a program called tor.
so is surveillance of Americans how become unmasked 4 Political gain.Investigate #evelynFrakas whom sharedintelligence on @potus illegally
After seeing what Kushner was able to do for Trump using purchased facebook info, I don't trust these guys. GOP sucks for passing this!
you mean like Rice did on behalf of Obama and Hillary. Shame Shame Shame ...
Thank you for being a decent human being!! Unlike some people...
Going from attorney general to senator, she has proven she has the guts/ what it takes to fight back for people!
What difference does it make?  Government spies on us every day.
Lol my web browsing isn't that interesting.
It is wrong if they sell a web history I don't care as much as if they sell private info $, birthday, my phone # etc THAT bothers me
Then mayne u fucking Democrats shouldn't have passed Obamacare which does exactly that.
Rescind the order. Re-institute internet privacy law.
Pence was so upset media published wife email address. Under GOP bill its ok to sell that data to someone. Penced needs to apologize.
Republicans are worthless.
Equally wrong would be forcing consumers to pay some type of adder for privacy.
Marsha Blackburn took a $678,000 Bribe to Introduce that Bill.!
Well write a bill to stop it---I agree
Thx Congress!!
Honestly, I can't wait to see what kind of sick porn the GOP congressmen are into!
Remember, it's their data too.
Use legal words/causes-out right illegal-Privacy Act & the president can't sign/give it away-constitutional rights!
Am I the only one who thinks Cambridge Analytics has a hand in this? Their big payoff?
wrong on all levels !
What state senator will be submitting a bill to make this illegal in CA???
Correction. Which** CA state senator?
It's ok if google or FB does it? Since it was fine for them to sell your info before the repeal...

Original @Guardian report on #CambridgeAnalytica makes it plain - GSR illegally scraped our data, WITHOUT permission, to build RIS weapon
Absolutely right!
Well,We the ppl.hope that when the time comes;You reverse this issue. We r countingevery mistakethatthis admon.is making.All must bereversed
Selling it on an open market means selling it to Russia, don't you think Senator? Is the US Senate ok with that prospect about now??
trump cannot wait to bid for President Barack Obama's.
@InSpiteOfTrump  Technically. Trump has already done this by using Cambridge Analytica.... with out us knowing!!!!
No one has a right to my private information data! FULL GOD DAMN STOP 
#LiarSayWhatTrump talks about #Leakers What the hell do you think this shit is? Just on a large legal scale! #LegalDataLeakers
This is an issue, not only to complain to your lawmakers about, but to cover your own behind. Don't be stupid. Call your provider.Cell, Wifi
Russia, GOP any other pols with no ethics or native political sense
California needs to protect her residents. If Minnesota can do it, why can’t we?
Its called corruption.
Making it extremely difficult to prevent hacking. D wants to allow Russia plenty of room to gather all our information.
Marketing and selling internet history data means eliminating the need to hack for this data. It legalizes what has just happened to USA
US House just proves they are ok with this. Will the Senate also sell us out to the market, including the Russians?
Things shouldn't have gotten to this point. I wonder if the money is more important than the USA?
Much like Colbert said "no one asked for this"
YES! Yes! YES! Thank you for saying that! Please fight this one. Its CRAZY
used to be able to sell people to the highest bidder without their consent.  so, it's well within our traditions.
Just "Wrong"? You haven’t figured it out yet: what happens when private data is weaponized? What do you think Putin can do with all that?
This is fundamentally a threat to our national security, if anyone in Congress had the brains to connect the dots. But ... no.
Read a tiny taste of simple how simple triangulation violates HIPPA laws:
That's just one way private data is used http://bit.ly/2m65ppI . Imagine what can happen when it's all for sale: a national security threat
Eliminates the need to hack, provides a vast high level treasure trove of data for purposes of analytics / targeting/ weaponizing data
exactly. consider another example, Robert Mercer: the big data billionaire waging war on mainstream media
Yes. This will take the whole USA right over the line into the dark side
And @POTUS complains about surveillance and leaks...
when I recently purchased something they all came out of the woodwork
Constitutionally speaking, without our consent...Is it legal?
Obviously.  I like you, Kamala, but your tweets kind of pander.
She picks the safe side of every issue, the LCD of liberal positions. You'd think a brand new freshman senator would be braver w/ her vision
Personal data is privacy! End of discussion!!
Kamala..used to be absolutely not allowed USA..then state local govts started selling lists:driver,voter,etc. DANGEROUS+PRIVACY VIOL.BY GOVT
Except Dems are ok when Google & Facebook sell our data, because they're "liberal". Now that FTC is in control we all get better protection!
You might want to look into the data profile business. It is alive and well.
About to get livelier still. 

I LOVE Ultraman btw!!
Can we buy Congress' browsing data if they voted yes to this?
Or are they exempt, like always ... ?
