Republicans are busy running the country while democrats run only their mouth and instigate witchunts.
I feel sorry for Comey because of your hounding him and trying to put words in his mouth. That never works!
just remember the 3 of you what goes around does come around. Lying, corruption, resisting =Schumer
YOU HAVE DONE MORE TO DESTROY THE UNITED SATES OF AMERICA THAN  ANY MUSLIM TERRORIST
why watch this idiot.
Do you  democrats have any concept of what it is to tell the truth?  Is time for all of you phonies to be thrown out of office.
WHY DO WANT TO OBSTRUCT THE FBI  LEADER KNOWIING BIN LADENS HAS THREATENED  THE USA
How can  man who 'recused' from an investigation of Russia appoint a new head of department investigating same Russian associations?
your a traitor who put a fraud in the wh--you will pay for that
Chuck schumer the pathological liar. Now he wants a special prosecutor, we need  to investigate Obama. To see what he did with our money 
Democrats should tell the public how congress and FBI are incapable of investigating Russia.  So we can agree for special investigator.
djt assoc engaged in collusion, djt engaged in criminal racketeering. DOJ is corrupt, need an independent commission. @GOP silence is crime
So Chuck is basically saying what he wants is a liberal who hates DJT and will go after him even if there's nothing there. Total crap.
Wow Chuck, you sure get a lot of tweets from  Russian trolls, or Republicans... hard to tell difference.
Chuck get your head out from under Maxine Waters skirt  quit kissing you know what, & start acting like a real Senator Brain Dead SOB
Great job Chuck. 

Do you think the media should just get over the fact that James Comey was fired?
Stand up for Democracy. DJT campaign under investigation for aiding Russian attack on US. Only words out of your mouth should be that
Nothing but lies, Democrats are nothing but trouble makers should be ashamed of thereselfs.
You Are Wrong Chucky Are You American Or Counter American? Your Blind Allegiance To Your Failed Party Makes You A Fool Your Career Will Fail
I laugh when flag burning #BLM Dems invoke "patriotism" while pushing special prosecutor for @realDonaldTrump "collusion"
1. Sick to my stomach
Cannot do not want to throw up
When @GenFlynn lied to @VP he had to resign. @realDonaldTrump lied to VP @ his reasons for firing #Comey. What does #Putin have on him?
Men with guns will make sure your salary is safe by forcing us to pay  it or face prison. That is job security....
You're killing this country.
When you call for a special prosecutor on the Clinton scandals and the Loretta Lynch involvement with Bill Clinton We may support IP
Thank you, SenScumer!
You're picking up the bot narrative?
Not watching this crap and especially from lyin' @SenSchumer the Schmucker. Fake News. Dems are now a fake party.But, there is 1 Dem I like
This is a Swamp Dweller. U will know them by their resistance 2 change. Spent 1billion on Hillary's election & lost.  They owe a lot 2 many
It has to be apparent that all the blustering, waste of money, waste of time, 3 committees-now 4?  The taxpayer has no consideration here.
Juvenile liberals, so angry over election loss, lost their minds too.. Vote these obstructionists out in 2018.  23 seats from united America
U can't hold the new FBI Director's appointment hostage.  You guys act like the Gov is a chessboard.  Not just U & them, work for us, people
Isn't it true that President Bill Clinton fired his FBI Dir on 7-19-93?  One day after the murder of Vince Foster, found dead in Marcy Park.
EVIL SCHUMER VERY CLOSE TO KREMLIN, PEOPLE NEED AN INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR  TO GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS FRIENDSHIP
EVIL SCHUMER VERY CLOSE TO PUTIN
CNN......hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!
Schumer needs to stop the obstruction and do his job or resign
SAYING NO TO EVERYTHING CHUCK ISN'T LEADING YOUR PARTY. THAT'S SO WEAK And makes real Americans question what you are hidding. Cheats accuse
Chuckie you've become an insufferable barking moonbat. You put party over country. The Democratic Party mantra: resist, lie, obstruct, deny!

Unless we have term limits until these old hard liners die off we are screwed. Schumer is a bottom feeder!
Pure politics. This guy and the rest of the Dems are overplaying their hand. Hyper partisanship. This is the swamp!
The American People are ready for a Special Prosecutor' Into Hillary and her campaigns collusion with the Russians.
Keep up the pressure!  No FBI director without Special Prosecutor! #ImpeachTrump #impeachment #impeachTrumpnow #ComeyFiring
Aww. Silly dem-wits seem unaware of EXECUTIVE POWER. Go figure. #ComeyFiring
the most corrupt,treasonous senator ever and tapper is a sell out
You Dems have forgotten who you are and who you stood for! My disappointment in your party has caused me to leave. Sick of the BS!!


as a New Yorker, I can say, this Schumer is ONE SLIMEY GUY & an embarassement to NY'ers!
We should appoint a special prosecutor to look into Russian ties; in tandem we should likewise appoint one to review clinton investigation
The Dems have manufactured what ever loss of confidence there is & that is a delusion also.There is no evidence of collusion after 6 months
keep it up Chucky, it just helps guarantee the loss of more Dem candidates!
Stop crying chuckie and tapper
Where is the subpoena for Susan Rice hypocrite hypocrite hypocrite that's all I can say about you Chuck you discussed the American people
Coordinated troll attack. The heat must be a little too close.
idiot
Keep hearing from people that you were involved in training overthrow the Turkish government I think you need to be investigated
I would have fired him for not Arresting @HillaryClinton Years Ago !
Sheesh !
@SenSchumer is a Shmuck !
Once again proving the #DEMS are not interested in doing what's best for America.
Nation would not be in the mess if @DNC did not leave security holes in their CPU & @HillaryClinton treating top securities as toilet paper
what came first? the chicken or the egg? Obama lies, cover up, abuse of power or fake russia-trump collusion? Answer found in the timeline.

A heard a rumor somewhere that Schumer has Russian relations. Hmmm.
Thanks for the photo. The new meme will work out great, Chuckles.
The world knows u r liars cnn ur credibility is bunk
Terrible show complete democrat cover story
What a joke this jackass is , He couldn't stand Comey when outed Hillary , Now he loves Comey .Schumer What damn liar typical democrat..
VERY FAKE NEWS!!! Senator with no credibility!!! No ratings, no one is watching
Dems have no room to talk about anyone,they have a closet full of wrongs they have done to our country
If Dems can call for spec.prosecutor,we want one to investigate Hillary,Obama,Lynch.they left a trail,comeys gone no protection
John Cornyn will be #45 choice for FBI director to close Russian gate! Don't let this happen @SenSchumer shut it down!!!
Great interview
Cryin Chuck is a Liar!

You want a special prosecutor, lay your case out. Give us ONE smidgen of evidence to do so.  Just ONE.
U should have the smirky smile. Prez handed you the biggest gift ever, no clue what he was thinking. But doesn't make you an less ignorant
More softballs from the TapperMeister.     Hey, Chuck!  Go on Tucker Carlson's program. He'd eat you for lunch.
Chuck Plays Chicken: Would Block New FBI Director Until Special Prosecutor Named - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2pM2nYY  via @BreitbartNews
Schumer does nothing. Useless. Your party will continue to pay dearly.
Im sorry sir, you lost Trump won, now get in back of the bus, we dont care what you want, because the people dont want it
THE MOST CORRUPTED AG WE EVER HAD WAS HOLDER. bad bad man , let scandal after scandal and true scandals! get past him!
You are an opposition politician there is no one that Trump would nominate that you would support unless it was a family member.
I looked up hypocrite in the dictionary your face appeared Schumer do you ever stop Bill Clinton fired his FBI director no problem
Oh, and take Tapper with you.  Usdd to watch CNN until that nut came aboard
news flash Chuck YOU ARE NOT THE PRESIDENT so go drink the kool-aid with your other left wing nuts!
You r turning dems away every day with your crap,Even u said Comey had to go.We want Hillary investigated  with special prosecuter..now
Schumer thinks the President should TAKE HIS recommendations relevant to who should replace Comey!
I am an American Citizen and should not have to see/hear a man who THINKS HE IS THE PRESIDENT
I am going to research and see if I can sue him for pain and suffering for what comes out of his mouth
PLEASE MAKE CHUCK SCHUMER EITHER NIT SPEAK OR NOT BE ON T.V.  I get sick just looking at his crybaby face
Your not acting like a leader, your acting like a crying Whining 2 year old Chuck, Grow up and work with the Rep for what's best for America
Senator s*** for brains Schumer call for comey's resignation on October 30th
Pls appt spec prosecutor 2 investigate @realDonaldTrump, Obama, HRC, M Waters, A Schiff, J Comey, J Brennan, Susan Rice, C Schumer, N Pelosi
And look into this Russia collusion as well.
@SenShumer Everytime I hear this guy talk I can't believe this candy ass was even elected.  I will never ever go back to being a Democrat.
Schumer - Comey use to work for you and the Clintons why didn't you ask him for the tapes then?
Democrats will see even a greater loss in 2018 at the hands of republicans and libertarians because their hearts are black with hatred!
Cryin Chuck is bowing 2his base.He nos there will b NO IC.Hes just mad he lost the guy who cld keep the investigatn going for 4 more years.
You already have House, Senate, FBI, CIA looking into the Russians.STOP WASTING TAX PAYER MONEY!!! SHAME ON DEMOCRATS WASTING MONEY
Why is the idiot Schumer giving a state of the union? He is not part of the state nor of any union. Demwits like him are partisan disruptors
Did @SenSchumer ask for Lynch to step down? Did he call for her to recuse herself? Schumer like ALL Dems, is a delusional & demented LUNATIC
You have to go...
Schumer is a P.O.S. Democrat Party is done they just don't know it yet the Democrats are nothing but obstructionist and they are haters
If there are tapes they covered under executive privilege
You won't find a more phony and disgraceful political hack. #Schumersucks
Head clown of the DNC
two disgusting, vile, lying has beens on the same show!
Watch Scumer ? I'd rather stick a needle in my eye
What a reptilian parasite!


schumer callS for special prosecuter .show use some evidence ?NOW  BEFORE U GO ANY FURTHER WITH THIS BULLSHIT STORY.IF NOT DROP IT & MOVE ON
One of the biggest know Nazicrats of our time.

Just go away. You are a liar and you only care about power you are hurting American people
No business in the Senate until a Special Prosecutor is appointed
For who hillary
Schumer is a joke.  Tired of hearing about the Russians.  When are Democrats going to start taking about things middle American cares about?
schumer support wall until his foreign masters by lobbyist create daca so they can toss burden on usa by artificial migrant crisis.reid flip
mexico send illegals to manipulate consensus+Aclu help defend them while  move. org/ antifa stage incidents/nazi style break glass=collision



I can't standing to even look at Crying Chuck Schumer.  It's like watching someone puke.
The face of the SNIFFLING LOSER Democratic Party.
@seanhannity  Chucky You Are But A Fool In A Small Group Of Failed VoicesYou And Your Party IS But A Mismanaged Carnival Of StupidityU R SAD
Chuck Schumer is a old man acting like a whining cry baby, Grow up old man, work with Republicans as well that's what you were elected to do
Not saying same things about @realDonaldTrump that you said when he was a @DNC as you're saying now that he's a @GOP makes you hypocrite!
