Do you agree to be charged as an accessory to all crimes they commit? Put up or shut up
If ppl are here illegally they don't belong here and need to go. Your job is to represent we the legal citizens and taxpayers not illegals
South American Senator Chuck Schumer!
DACA protects 800K illegals. Like you they have no respect for America and her laws. Send them back to their home country. It sure isn't USA
That's 111,000 illegals that need to be deported U & obama breaking US Laws DOJ should investigate u for breaking laws
your illegal friends is why our Country and Insurance is in a mess, WELFARE they are ALL ON WELFARE & who is paying for it CHUCKIE
Why don't you help them get legal. You're aiding & abetting criminals. Lawbreakers.
Taxpayers have no responsibility 4 DACA recipients.  Country fighting 4 HC 4 Americans.  Your city is broke from your illegal pop, R U proud
Who were the morons who voted to have you sitting on the senate?
DACA helps people who have broken the laws of this country and by helping them stay here you have more voters Anti American Platform
Hope not
Why do you keep encouraging this???? https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/07/23/us/san-antonio-bodies-found-in-trailer/index.html ….  Dems and Obama to blame, not only false hopes, deadly results
The only way you can be taken seriously is if you ask for all of them to be sent to your district.
111,000 illegals that taxpayers have to pay to educate, feed, provide healthcare.Also, displacing US kids from college and jobs.
#NoDACA
Stand for the citizens of New York instead you snake
When we defend breaking the law there's a problem.   It's either change the law or follow it.  #growupanddoyourjob
We don't want them send that back... Build the Wall.
and DACA has forced the rest of us to support all those illegal aliens - stop being a pimp of broken ideas for your personal gain
Let's help them by reuniting them with their families, in Mexio....
AND THAT is exactly what is wrong with NY ! Taxes through the roof to pay for NON Citizens. We don't want to pay for them. I paid for my kid
And yet I keep paying taxes for them instead for my family. Stop breaking the law. Defend citizens not illegal criminals.
#DACA  recipients should return to their home country.   What Obama did was illegal and needs to be reversed.  @realDonaldTrump
REPEAL DACA NOW ! it is illegal !
Get rid of ALL illegals.  Get rid of #DACA.
Democrats accepting criminal acts DACA is not new and won't go away don't worry.
We must remove them.
You forgot to mention all those involved in gangs,drug smuggling, rape and extortion.Shall we send them to your house for refuge
@SenSchumer where were you today when the 2017 Dream Proposal was introduced?
People who belong here first Chucky
SHIP THEIR ILLEGAL A$$es OUT NOW
How about that.  He got dementia already.
You and your stupid party screw these people over with Obamacare. Work with the Republicans for a solution to this Healthcare nightmare
New York Field Office
Enforcement & Removal Operations
26 Federal Plaza 9th Floor, Suite 9-110
New York, NY, 10278
Phone: (212) 264-4213
If I go somewhere and think there are illegal's there, I call ICE, guess what they actually check it out.
End Schumer now!
Not gonna happen, ICE is gearing up for a big run through all sanctuary cities.
Need to send back where they came from and take them off the welfare, foodstamp, wic, and medicaid programs.@ICEgov @USAGSessions @potus @vp
That's the problem with doing stuff for the illegal. You just can't depend on it
DEPORT THEM! TAKE CARE OF OUR CHILDREN AND OUR COUNTRY!
All the budding socialists should take the time to learn the definition.  Ask an immigrant from a socialist country. That's why they came
Chuck I don't want to work any more and I want Americans to pay for my bills and my health care and my weed habit, so you're my guy
Suck it up, Chuck! They gotta go back. Shame on their parents for sneaking in with them.
#DACAisNotLaw
What Chuck means is he wants federal taxppyers to furnish the money to pay for this.  Court should rule illegal and punish
No we must not defend DACA
We need to run every last sorry SOB like you out of our government-you fight for everything not American and we the people have had enough
It's amazing you sorry M F ers will fight for non citizens - what about how fucked up the VA system is or veteran homelessness -
Yawnnnnnnn
SEND THEM ALL BACK-800,000 DO WHAT IS RIGHT CHUCK.????
thank you Senator!! I appreciate all of your hard work!!
Keep them in your sespool city thief
Tell me senator why are we not following federal law DACA is not a law why should Congress do anything for people who are here illegally
Illegals get free stuff, Americans go into debt and you don't give a darn.  UN-American Schumer
Citizens are expected to follow the law- but there is a double standard for gov officials. To wit Chuck, Cuomo et al of bogus "resistance."
Those here legally can stay- but if NY is to be a recalcitrant state its leaders need to be held accountable.
enable anchor babies much? #DACA
Schumer DACA all well &Good provided legitimate minors & not 30 yr olds getting wink &free pass u scheming anti American brown nose
How many of them are collecting government hand outs; how many of them are taking jobs away from Americans; America for Americans
Identify and DEPORT!
You only care cuz you look at them only as votes. Crocodile tears! Crying chuck!
Over 111,000 criminals being protected by you!
You're welcome to ride the bus with them when they get deported
Yes and 110,999 of them don't have a job! Amarica! Land of the free, home of the FREELOADER! thanks to you dems! Get them a job!
We must get rid of it.  American children should be able to go to college

#defendDACA While I'm somewhat undecided on DACA, I do resent the bias of some "immigrants" against the United States, its laws & citizenry.
No. We need them.to pay taxes or get out.

Recipients of what? Free Health care free food & what else?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUN6FsQFOkY … Oops!
When US citizens commit crimes & go to jail do their kids get special treatment?
Deport their assea
and about half of that number are #TPS holders IN NYS!!! #SaveTPS
Nice!!!
Will you defend Americans that break laws? Every American you arrest for anything breaks up a family, so this is a non-starter. #Pandering
PANDERING FOR VOTES SHAME ON YOU CRYING CHUCK..
I'm one of them. I am an American.
Chuck it's wonderful how you care for Illegal immigrants, can you give us any idea when you might begin to care about American citizens?
That's 111,000 too many!
That's 111,000 people who should be deported and stop welching off the tax payers. No DACA, no illegals
OC collapse is the fault of the moronic Democrats designed and passed it into law. This is by no means a reflection of our current @POTUS
Y don't u man up and bring the rest of the dem to the table and do your job? Quit being sore loser and quit letting your ego get in the way
You do realize that Americans do not believe a word you say particularly the Democrats of your own party! They are not stupid. U are
At the NYC & our hardworking tax paying CITIZENS expense!! Why don't you pay for it Chuck? #defendDACA NO
There's a lot of people in your state who don't belong in this country. It doesn't change the fact that we should get ride of them
Why
as i said before YOU CHARLIE pay their costs out of your OWN MONEY! come on charlie cough up the cash!
Your amount of evil is beyond comprehension. Hell is waiting.
Cleaning house.. bye bye 
No we need to DEPORT THEM along with their criminal illegal parents. We own them nothing.
How many if those receive gov't aid?
Get a way to have these people legally stay. Pay the fees and become documented
Great, do you happen to have their addresses to send ICE to?  Get some buses ready..
Sorry not sorry but break our laws pay the price.
Undocumented is illegal! Deport, deport, deport. They are a drain on the honest taxpayer.  Get rid of them NOW!
Why don't you use the money set aside for illegals and use it to fix your subways
What Dems r u supporting for 2018? Who are they so we can help support them? What are you doing to get them elected? Dems won't win on #DACA
Either you defend US law and the Constitution or resign... or be charged with sedition.
Depoort illegals not the ones that are already citizens.  Get out and go with them Schumer
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/887720898802978817 …
that are flag
No we don't Chuckie deport them

Exactly

Ya.....after all the democrat party has paid billions of taxpayer dollars for the #DACA votes and their illegal parents.
WE NEED THEIR VOTES! Fraud didn't get us the win in 2016. We need all we can get!
Must be why NY spends $1.7 billion a month on welfare.



A face that needs to be slapped! HARD!
The BIGGEST sponge of ALL.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck!!
#RepealDACA
Repeal trump's fraudulent win.
How is it fraudulent
Mini-Donnie's admitted conspiracy.
Try connecting the dots. I guarantee you fail
