It's curious that no one cared about collision with Russia until recently. Obama  could have dealt with them last August.
Hillary Clinton sided with Russia on sanctions as Bill made $500G on Moscow speech - Fox News
Collusion at its Best Buy Democratics don't say a word about it. Because they are fearful of the Clintons Cartel. 3 dead so far
Seriously? How about the Uranium that was sold to Russia by the Obama administration? Was that in our best interest?
I thought the Putin called Kislyak back to be pushed out a window or something?
Can Pres Trump's Secretary Rhona be supoena'd to testify under oath on what she knows about Collusion, Emails and http://meetings.Security  Cl
Call Trump Secretary Rhona for info on Trump meetings with Russians, Emails, Meetings, Collusion during Campaign under oath. Her security cl
thank you!
Obama was grooming our country, not t2 defend, not 2 B proud, he shamed us.  Hillary would have finished us off, bought by Soro's.  Vote out
Vote these globalists out while we still have half of a country.  They are traitors.  Globalism is opposite Nationalism.  No love of country
ONLY 4???????
Let's see. #DemHistory is Russia collusion for 30 years, now you are against Russia.
Typical dem politics, ALL LIES.

#HillaryForPrison
Just because you adhere to alt-right propaganda, does not make it true. Suggest you spend some time reading the New Testament so you begin
I subscribe to the common sense that FORCE and THEFT are not Biblical. Coveting your neighbor and stealing is not a Christian value.
You need to preach that to trump and GOP. Btw, you appear to have an anger problem.
Ethel,you really need to get your head out of where the sun dont shine, it's hard to get a good breath from there!! U need oxygen to be sane
Ethel was a fake bot troll. Gave up on me after only a few tweets. Lol

GOP put party before country.
Globalist agenda of the Dems, means one world Gov.  No self governing, no constitution, no sovereignty & no defense.  Hunger games!  Resist
This is not about Russia, Dems or Reps.  This is about a nationalist President who got in the way of a globalist agenda.  Thank God 4 Trump!
Ask your self why do they want it so bad when they no there not welcome THINK @SenSchumer tell them NO
Know not no!
BS
Send a note to @SpeakerRyan:

@realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr before donald trump jr. derailment #trump was getting ready to reverse sanctions for Kremlin
Pres Trump is so pro America, so pro sovereignty & pro defense.  He completely set globalism back 15 years.  This is why Russia myth stays
Globalism - 1st dismantle defense. 2nd distance pop from national symbols & history.  Disarm pop.  Increase immigration.  They had us going!
Dems are globalists, They can't stand the fact that Pres Trump has reinvigorated American pride.  This is the source of all the Russian lies
Globalism is the opposite of nationalism.  They seek to dismantle defense, O did that.  Demean patriotism & nat'l pride, O did that.
Dems have to make something out of nothing, because they don't have a something.  They had America on the ropes, ripe 4 take down, globalist
Ridiculous.  Still no answers, over Hillary's sale of 20% of American uranium 2 Russians?  Dems only sensitive 2 Russian contact w/ Replcns
Security first ? How about shutting down our borders you buffoon !
please resign now and then I will be happy to
Excuse me, Senator, you're not President.
We need to just go ahead and take it from the Russians. they meddled in our election as a price to pay for what they did.
Oh like ur beloved hillary did when Benghazi asked for security But u approved her actions and that makes u as guilty as her
Harry Reid was low, but you bring a new level to the word
They will cave and return Russian properties to them...just watch.
Mr Schumer. Don't worry, he will. Unlike Dems for the last 8 years. Because of Dems no action, reps are having to fix. Get to work.
For 8 years U never gave a D*M about R National Security, Why Now???
Nothing better to do/ democrats don't care about America/ just their greedy corruption & obstruction/ just spread rhetoric & property
Meant propaganda/
What make you believe he wouldn't? You love to see you name in print. Why not doing something constructive for a change.
I see the special kind of STUPID has infected all the senators for lower NYS.

All the rhetoric from left is jeopardizing Russian relationships with America. It's stupid and ridiculous. Like whining kids at play grounds
Since when are you worried about US security?
Stop all your collision talk the only collusion was on Democrat side do you really want Hillary in jail?
Since when r u for US security u old fool
Those compounds should remain closed until investigation completed at the Very least. Then reevaluate!
Back in the day when it was cool to "collude" with the Russians. Gee I wonder what changed?
Breaking: Schumer more worthless then a close pin holding our flag during a hurricane. The man has no influence, nor care for his own voters
Why should you even have to say that? Isn't this a sad time in our history?
Why only four???
Keep compounds CLOSED!
Investigate prosecute Trump n Crew.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
But are we really ready for the pee tapes?
POTUS TRUMP IS AN EXCELLENT LEADER. SUPPORT AND WORK TOGETHER FOR THE WELFARE & THE SUCCESS OF THE USA CITIZENS. DON'T FIGHT AGAINST GOOD 
First of all, you (The Senate)need to approve all of Trump's nominees into office. You need to do a better job than obstructing POTUS work.
Blah blah blah
I see but Trump works for Putin and the help that he got from the Russians he has no choose!!
Still attacking Russia for kicking out Globalists and their Global/World Banks?
Why not simply demolish them?
Seems like common sense! What do they need the compounds for?
Stop. Please get something passed and stop your ridiculous waste of time and money on the #FakeRussia matter. 2018 is coming fast.
Yeah, let's not give Russia a good, solid base in the U.S. from which they can undermine our systems.
Really Chuck this guy nailed your agenda, and the steeple following your false narrative, https://www.facebook.com/ElectTrump2020/videos/899865710162867/ …
So now you want to meet with Russians?
You've been trying to bring America down for decades. Why the change of heart now?
Lying Chucky schumker.
Let this go. The American people are sick of the #Democrats trying to make something out of nothing. #hypocrites
You're as delusional as our deranged and corrupt so-called "president." Shame on you for supporting Trump's destruction of democracy!
The #liberals have already done that!
Those places had an EMF signature like nothing I've ever seen before. They were safe houses, with masses of electronic surveillance gear.
The Russians will have those compounds back sooner than Comrade trump can say Da.
Sadly, I think you are right.
My guess is he will give them back or there will be consequences for DT.  He's afraid of those Putin consequences. DT has no spine.
The Jr. data coming out from legal team was because they heard it was coming anyway, warning shot across bow, reminding Trump he had a deal.
Will junior be at the meeting too?
Urging Democrats to get off their butts and start working with @POTUS to MAGA. You are destroying USA. You know it and still don't care. Sad
What about the security of the Pee tape? Are we gonna allow our President to get utterly embarrassed in the name of US Security. #Priorities
You are making the whole world laugh at you. You lost give it up.
Please continue to beat the dead Russian horse
Do not lift sanctions on Russia
Investigation not complete, no relief of sanctions
Could we stop using the term "boob" to describe someone as stupid? If you think abt it, it's pretty sexist & there are many other words.
Surprisingly apropos! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nabob 
For 8 years leftist led from behind and America first was somehow racist. Now you think you have integrity on this? Trump is America first
So because you have nothing to say, you go crude. Guess your have some self-satisfaction now.
Anything Russia needs to be monitored, have USA  security first and foremost in mind, Russia comfort with Trump admin, will grow bolder
He won't and sanctions will be lifted and compounds given back
Also the house will pass sanction bill after all given back to Russia
Shouldn't you be concentrating on healthcare and confirmations on behalf of dems in ur district that voted for potus? Ur their rep also.
I know. Why doesn't the DNC give their server to the FBI. That way we actually have some evidence instead of accusation
If you really believe Russia helped beat HRC in the election, Shouldn't  we send him a planeload of cash or something to that effect ?
Their reward was being able to do it. That is thanks to the Trump campaign and Mcconnell.
I agree, the guy is making fun of our media! He needs to be removed from the country. We should also send Trump with him! @realDonaldTrump
Yet another Russian bot.
Dem party has been in bed with Russia for decades
You have no proof of that. If you do, please share.
From jfk and the kgb, to Obamas hot mic moment, to Podesta. Shall I continue?
JFK and the KGB?
Oh so you will be colluding with Russia today does @realDonaldTrump know this? Make sure FBI &NSA wiretap conversation so you don't do wrong
MSCA...
Tape over your mouth, Flyover. You have no perspective.
Thank you @SenSchumer !
Returning these spy headquarters to Russia would be like rewarding them for attacking our sovereignty. They need to be punished not rewarded
like your putting we the people of this great country first
Chuck, I have No idea who is meeting who today. It does not Matter!
Agreed! We need to focus on issues that are actually important.
Security is important.Russia&ties are under investigation! Really?? You are joking, right?
CNN admitted that Trump-Russia connection was fake, but continue to report on it for profit.
The Russians were using those compounds to spy on us... why would they give them back??
