
You must be getting a kickback, because you don't care about the welfare of the American people or your base, only hate.
Term Limits for you and your tax raising Democrats
What have #Dems done about lead poisoning? All govt about selves not country. @POTUS should call congress back to D.C. and get to work.
Didn't Fix ANYTHING cuz could MOVE a THING!Remember the PARTY of NO!??? well i do, how quickly they try to forget =it's those (R) who did IT
Do you THINK before you post? It's a state issue and who controls the state? republicans? Look again
Frida =Do YOU? or are you hear to correct people into place? THANK YOU. laughin' again! good luck on your QUEST! love You!
i here U! LMAO!
Water in NYC still filthy. Coal isn't the issue. Most are struggling financially. Congress doesn't care. Taxes often wasted by D.C. vermin.
In Flint  they've been poisoning their people for years ! Difference between Republican n Democrat Governance!
why didnt u fix it in the last 8 years chucky?
Progress was indeed made in the past 8 years. Preventing contamination is an ongoing thing. You don't fix it once and for all.
Not all funds were cut. Learn how to spend wisely. #MAGA
The fact that you gloat at the removal of these funds, which benefits you not at all, is truly contemptible.
Gloat? Save the melodrama for your marches! Responsible spending is a GOOD thing. Accountability, a GREAT thing! Waste not. Want not. #MAGA
Mr. Schumer tell Trump to pay for the wall himself if he wants a wall 62% of Americans said no to wall and only fix Obamacare not takeaway!!
Mr. Schumer we cannot let Trump and the GOP get away with murder by taking away Healthcare from 25 million people no to the wall also***!!!!
now he's a murderer
If the Dems keep spending like a drunken sailor we lose the country. Lead will be the least of our worries. Wake up Chuck.
Schumer doesn't care about lead, he just hates Trump. Yes, cuts must be made. Send Scumer has got us 21 Trillion in debt. It must be paid
PLEASE, Senator, spread the word that rational environmental regs also CREATE jobs
The EPA has had numerous SCOTUS reversals of their actions. Thsts what's being targeted.

Do you mean Obama because Trump just getting started with no help from you

WHY IS THERE STILL LEAD PAINT IN HOMES AND APTS NEVER HEAR ABOUT THIS IN 8 YRS
We don't live in New York, we live in Texas where we take care of our environment, try following our lead.
Isn't it great to have a built in excuse to keep spending money we don't have.
Which companies put it in the ground in the first place? We keep records of that right? #FOIA
NY has money for free college now so maybe matter of budgeting??
NY has more black mold than any other state in its residences!
You Demwits had 50 cities across America with lead in water your whole 8 years! Demwits don't give a damn!
OMG what a cheap, BS shot.  Lead poisoning from old paint etc has been an issue in NY since I was a kid and that was many moons ago.
Yeah my Uncle used to work in the lead division in Erie County. That was 60 years ago. You mean you are still working on it?  Wow.
You being in office is even more dangerous Chucky ask Israel
Progress in danger, now that's rich. Coming from a do nothing senator that would rather watch Obama care implode than "work" to fix.
Trump doesn't care about putting public health in danger ! He only cares about stroking his ego.
Need to deregulate laws and regulations by special interest groups and get rid of Obama fraud and abuse.
It isn't your $ we expect you to spend wisely not just spend there are a ton of things we can cut and are wasteful
grave danger...is there any other kind?
Then help stop all the wasteful spending chuckie! Spend the money wisely and wisely and stop the fraud and waste
Why didn't U fix the problem with the $10 Trillion of debt U and Obama Ran Up in the Last 8 Years @TheDemocrats
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan So Mr.Trump this is just one of the results of your planned budget. GOP harms children and seniors again.
Really hard to believe I'm still alive. Even tooth paste was sealed with lead in the 50s and 60s. Wow go figure!
Thank you for your advocacy @SenSchumer !
IS #SHELDONSILVER THE REASON ALBANY'S  NATIONAL LEAD INDISTIRES CLEAN UP wz NEVER LITIGATED?SICK & DYING #NoTORT #WIETZ&LUXEMBERG #CORRUPT?
National LEAD Industries: ALBANY'S DIRTY SECRET! LEAD -NO TORT? CONTAMINATION/DEPLETED URANIUM/NEIGHBORHOODS, SICK/DYING #SHELDONSILVER!
Funding of EPA Lead Paint should never have been a forever expense.  People are far more aware of "old" lead paint. Good place to cut expens
*we've
Great Chuckie you're on it
the impeachment process is not moving fast enough for me. We need to move expeditiously to get him impeached PLEASE!
I hope this guy Trump doesn't ruin our environment with all his cuts on environmental issues.What's up w/ impeachment?
Term limits chuck. It's time to go. What is the average age in Congress? 65.. 70??
New York has a mayor that is a member of the terrorist group Antifa!
Wish you had ingested some lead paint
#Trump is too stupid to understand science so he just dismisses it because it doesn't serve him or line his pockets he's a dangerous ass
Bullcrap. You took good people's money and made yourself richer and us poorer. 1 in 20 taps in schools tested high in lead content in NYC
Evil liar using misleading statements to scare ignorant voters he is determined to destroy our economy and country a traitor
People, it's almost as if Trump doesn't care whether you and your kids live
Dude pls!
Dude, open your eyes
What have you been doing, why all the sudden is this important. You don't like POTUS or his cabinet so you think the sky is falling!
Lead paint has not been around since 1975. This no longer a grave danger to our health. Really is this what you fighting him on now? Grow up
Do you not know how to read? Or have you been poisoned???
There is no such word as weve ... Hitting the sauce already? Maybe have your staff check your tweets before you send.
Maybe you should actually read before you attack - #FactsMatter
Yep weave and we've but no weve. You're right ... #factsmatter
Haha - you're right, I missed that 
LEAD POISIONING SHOULD HAVE BEEN CLEANED UP LONG BEFORE [TRUMP] ARRIVED.??????
But yet you ignored Michigan and the rest of the United States! Great job there Mr. Schumer
So you come out from under the stone after looking stupid on Russia and push THIS what a senile gaga old man .@chuckschumer Destroying Dems
this is bull!!! Just using scar tactics, the Dems way scar the public to get you way, you Dems should be ashamed!!!!
I ask who sold fear & hate during their campaign?
Another faux crisis brought to you by Chuck Schumer.
You had 8 years - what was you doing during that amount of time
Liar, this just became an issue. When did you start your fight?
What did NY do with the funds allocated to sufficiently resolve this health risk?
As Donald Trump used to say. You're fired
Lol dems cut lead poisoning were the hell were you in flint oh yeah on the city council there lolz
What do you exp Ct when the new head of the @EPA says he's unsure if #lead is a #hazard. #smh #Trump
@specialreports ... things to come up. So much waste in the government if fixed these issues won't be issues.
@specialreports you need to run the government like my house. You can't spend what you don't have & you need to prepare for.....
wonder what the common denominator is ?,could be all areas in democrat run districts for years.
We have made great strides combating lead paint. Cuts will have no effect. Lead paint awareness and rules of use/removal is important
Raise taxes on New Yorkers.

They can afford it
You better start a state program to pay for it.
Just remember you had all that time to fix the problem and you didn't care about it, now you want to lay it all on Trump.
So you are rich just raise your taxes. or get NY to raise all taxes drive all business and people out of NY would be good
I worked in the 90's on lead poisoning and can tell you IT is serious.  We need to get the lead out of our lives
can't just keep spending money because we used to, need to look at what is working and look at new ways to address issues with less waste
cry a river, look at the req'a and look at the money spent and effectiveness of these training programs in place for decades, gottadobetter
This is ALL CHUCK SCHUMER CARES ABOUT. And liberal idiots in NY KEEP electing this fraud of a politician. No respect for TAX PAYERS!!!
This happened on you're watch Schumer. And now you'll throw more and more money at the problem instead of fixing it.No RESPECT FOR TAXPAYERS
Then get off your petty high horses and start cooperating with our President.  Maybe then he would consider some of your concerns.
Never would he help the Dems. Nor would Ryan or McCurdle
You've had many years of failed progress. Don't blame @realDonaldTrump now.
Why is this a federal government problem? The State of NY should clean up its own problems. You have run the Federal Government out of cash
You obviously don't know about the lead in Gowanda's water.  Talk talk talk
Chuck you are the Senator of Buffalo,why did you allow this? STILL ALLOWING PESTICIDES SPRAYED IN NY PARKS - POOR KIDS!
NY is just doing this now?
But you still won't support banning lawn chemicals that are poisoning our water
We have spent millions and there's still Lead Paint? Stop throwing good money after wasted projects.
Then maybe don't have so many illegals there and u wouldn't be broke. 17% of people in NYC aren't even NY citizens lol. Are u on crack?
Full of crap Chucky. What manufacturer is going to start putting lead back in paint? You're beyond ridiculous you're so desperate
They say hot, you say cold.  Very tiring.
NYC Mayor should be held accountable, not only for that but for the issues haunting that administration, NYC is now Violent City
No it is not. Stop making shit up.
Please stop this craziness, Chuck. My Repub reps are with the pres ... and being given lots of $$$ to make these awful changes.
So you think Arizona should pay to fix ny's water? Come on, fix your states water through your state not with fed money
Your breath really stinks with all the crap that comes out
Ummm you've been in Senate since 1998 & still cant resolve this? Now cuts r an issue instead of ur 18+ yrs representing NY ??
They have been solving it - the orange con wants to cut all funding to solve it. Read please!! #FactsMatter
Well funding has existed since 2000. Are u saying it takes 17 yrs to resolve? Also NY has laws in place to prevent using lead paint..
Yes, it's an ongoing issue - it's not solved. See Flint as an example - but there are so many more. Read the article.
It isnt resolved because there is no accountability for the use of the $$. Look at the people running each city and there is the reason.
No it isn't resolved because they keep finding more of it
And you have FAILED!! How many decades since lead ruled poison and STILL your slumlords do what they pay to get away with
DON'T DARE BLAME TRUMP FOR THIS YOU ARE DESPICABLE!
Trump shits on little guy gives tax breaks to business because JOBS! It's amazing how people think he's a successful business man
Oh please Chuck.... stop reaching. How much is it cutting from your pocket? That's your real concern afterall
Have some salsa with those lead chips
I'm told: come together support our Prez. I refuse to live with dirty air and water on a disposable planet! I won't get over it.
Are you kidding, these children have been in this situation for years under your watchful "EYE". You did nothing. #TermLimits
Get @NYCMayor Not to spend money on assisting illegal aliens! Spend money on public health instead
ChuckSCHUMER YOU WERE IN POWER FOR 8 YEARS! WHY DEMOCRATS DID NOT FIX THESE PROBLEMS?  WERE YOU UNCAPABLE? YES!
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
You can't spend money you don't have, oh that's right! You raise taxes to fund your spending spree!!
Mean while the FDA allows Mercury to be used in vaccines and medically proven to be a major factor to Autism and other mental illnesses.
The crime caused by policies of sanctuary cities puts the lives of the public at risk. Why does Chuck Schumer hate real Americans?
Also, the mom claims son got "nose bleeds". Not a symptom of lead poisoning
just another scare tactic, he has not done a way with super fund  money for those sites
Its alarming how many places still have lead pipes. Especially historic neighborhoods.pipes that havent been uncovered in generations
-yes because they knew when they installed them, that lead is toxic to humans . It was known .
The lead didn't just appear. NYers pay a lot of taxes. Stop wasting money on BS and allocate some to this issue.
Mr Schumer, this makes no sense. Why do you need on going funding to stop what has been dealt with already
Take a loan out on our national debt
They're de-funding it now. Read.
Too much to ask?
Hey Chuckie, what as a percentage is being cut and where? A little belt tightening,reassessment of Priorities canbe a liberating experience.
Chuckles who made the cuts? Seems if we dig up old sins we can heap the burden on the new leaders and look like you are doing good deeds
Looks like you did a great job of fixing the problem while you guys were in charge.
Inexcusable
Are you able to accomplish anything without fear mongering? Look at all of your tweets, sir. Lead! The trains! Trump is going to kill us! 
His hair is on fire!! Its funny to watch his antics. He's in a desperate attempt to save his meal train. #draintheswamp #startwithchuck
It ISNT funny bc he is leading the liberal idiots
We knew this months ago! With great speed Republiackers and Dem sell outs are enabling these cuts! Rise up or you too will be voted out!
More BULLSHIT Chuck.
That $$ is being used by Dems for other things bc Lead been removed from most everything since laws started in the 60s
Smaller gov is always better for the people.
i bet your benifits dont get cut why dont you politicians have obama care ? because its really not that good ? tell the truth for once......
@wisgop Keeps lead in pipes also!
Make it a state issue and everyone clean Thier own house.  No reason to send state money to Washington only to have it watered down.
What about Sharia Law? Little girls are being mutilated and you are worried about lead paint. What is happening to the USA?
OMG, GOP are now pro-lead poisoning!
One issue at a time. Line 'em up and keep fighting.
Please do with the same speed as the Don cons!
