They're going to sabotage it. What can the average American citizen do? Seriously. What should we do?
fight for #singlepayer/#medicare4all. It's the correct next step. Force R's to defend why some must go without care
Yeah, that's not going to happen. We're capable of revolutionary free market reform. Adopting horrible single-payer will never be an option.
The free market has severe limits & in this case feeds a type of Darwinism that's not acceptable.
with the free market & healthcare you ensure millions will go without bc they can't afford.
Also millions of "covered" suddenly discovering how stingy and narrow that "coverage" is
That's exactly where we are now. A person who doesn't want 2 pay 4 unneeded coverage shouldn't have 2. You don't know what ur talking about.
that's how insurance works. But with single payer they just pay like they do for schools
Dems should go on offense and present a bill to tweak/improve ACA. Prop it up, and let GOP own if it deteriorates.
/ Keep dreaming! The ACA stays the way it is. Dems say it's working fine. Reap what you sow.
Dems seem to acknowledge ACA's flaws. Both sides want to fix, so why not intro a small tweak, around common ground?
/ That's not the case. The corrupt lying Democrats claim it's fine so let their voters suffer!? Let it fail.
Paulie why so hateful? This will hurt ppl if the healthcare fails. Isn't that why u voted for DT?
@JuliaBJAB @seasulintex1 @SenSchumer / Sabine, I'm on the side of the people that are hurt by ACA. It fails ppl  pressure Dems.
the Dems wanted to work on ACA since they introduced the Republican plan, but GOP blocked any effort to improve.
/ After 8 yrs the Dem's now want to fix it? But lying Schumer said it's working fine! CBO also! So now leave it be!
but surely room for improvement. Now time for Dems to help get those done. Opportunity knocks.
/ It stays the way it is. ..
Oh brother! How low can you stoop! You haven't had a Demo Pres who was 4 all the people yet Just one who divided and destroyed!
repealing it completely would be a great start.  No 2000+ pgs of BS shoved thru by DEMS...how much more hypocritical can you be
You have to realize to  quote your former leader, " YOUR PARTY LOST BECAUSE YOU aren't doing what you were voted to do. PRESIDENT TRUMP IS!
Then co-sponsor #HR676 #MedicareForAll. Actions speak louder than words. #SinglePayer
/ Forget CBO, listen 2  horror stories about few choices & higher premiums & deductibles. My son's went from 452 to 918 in 2yrs
It's clearly headed in the wrong direction.  Premiums up;  businesses suffer;  providers bow out.
you and D&R congress are so out of touch with reality.  We are hurting and can't afford those premium! Wake up Man!
You and the other Dems need to get working immediately on what improvements can be made. #ACA can not implode. Prove them wrong!
how about the dems working with the R's to get it right. Have not tried this yet!
Well, they did when the #ACA was first passed. GOP has only complained since.
They should have.O-care socks. Only seeks to penalize those who accomplish.
Dems compromised back then. Agree it's not perfect, but Rep. were obstructing. Must find a path to work together to fix.
@SenSchumer if i hear one more GOP say ACA is collapsing without the interviewer asking why? (Sabotage)... why arent DEMs hollaring???
it's doubling in premium cost it can't last doing that if it doubles again no one can afford it at all so yes it's collapsing
all spelled out here: Georgetown Health Policy Institute's Sabrina Corlette, easy lesson to #Fix #ACA
We pay more than mortgage, no access to care and dems did nothing. + subsidy payback guarantees no pay raise ever. :(
Dumba$$; everything promised was a lie, many areas have only 1 provider, premiums rising rapidly; It is UNAFFORDABLE! U R a #LIAR.
You mean the ACA you never read? Trying to force it on us while you get taxpayer funded plan?. That's a real scumbag
you sir are nuts .i can not even afford the copays to go to the doctor what we have now is not working.
I know so many in your situation - Dems need to know diff betwn having ins and having actual coverage you can use.
i hope that we can all work together for a solution for the people not the politicians whose salaries we pay
i hear ya
No you make things worse for the American people.  You are in need of a mental doctor.  There is something wrong with you.
How could HC get worse. OMG.
CBO that's funny
332 million citizens in USA...only 24 million benefits from Obamacare what about the 308 million that can't afford it. Duck You.
Then co-sponsor #HR676 #MedicareForAll. Actions speak louder than words. #SinglePayer
Funny little fella. "Libtard" is getting old. When a whole bunch of "Snowflakes" get together en masse we can create an avalanche, capiche?
all he needs to do is turn on the heat and snowflakes melt
But see we can come down from the sky and there is that evaporation thing, which makes "Snowflakes" powerful, like Wolvering. Odd convo.
lol
Thank you John. <Taking a bow.>
So Premiums skyrocketing and deductibles most can no longer afford is a good thing for Chucky. Wish we had your insurance!
Too killed the safety nets in place to help higher premiums. Listen to news, not FOX.
MSM a joke! 1 nds2 research 2 find truth now. We have no well informed society the FoundnFathers insisted we hv.
Whatever you say trumpsucker.
Darn! Thought u would have another childish insult I could also laugh at! Enjoy rest of weekend!
No. Your not worth my time.
Enough for one last response. Goodnight.
Who are you again?

how exactly do you propose Dems accomplish this with a minority in both houses?
Call your republican representatives and demand they represent you for once.
if you can find Republicans to do that I'm 100% behind you. I have had no luck.
I'm sorry but no. Dems are very much flawed, but GOP has become whole different animal.
you're so right. The Dems are flawed but the GOP has just become downright EVIL.
Koch Bros, Mercers, DeVos' etc. Truly frightening.
thats BS..... Tell that to  Health Care CEO's that concluded it was..... ACA and the AHCA r both no good for the American ppl!!!
should be just 2 qualifiers, affordable h/c for all legal citizens and it should mimic Government Employee available options....
u know Obama tried to offer that and it was killed by the GOP. They killed the public option. Research
make no mistake, I don't think the AHCA is any better. Sad healthcare, once again, has 2 come down 2 party line.
I hope you can all work together to make the ACA better.  It still needs work, but I'm happy it has been saved.
what have you seen from GOP to indicate that they are willing to work with Dems at all? Or from Trump?
Not one thing. But hope springs eternal--it can only be fixed if they work together.
Deductible getting higher and so are cost. Quit lying and work for the people
tell that to ppl I know with thousands in payments and deductibles!  You need to go on down the road. So much for CBO ignorance.
POTUS denigrates the nation he leads. <facepalm> America has always been great. Always. He doesn't seem to see that.  Very disconcerting.
@BJStarr2 like we'd believe anything from gop
keep your Dr. and keep your plan.
I know Trump doesn't care cause he is rich, but why doesn't he talk to the real authorities in the health field and CBO says?
/ CBO says it's fine and the premiums won't rise. It stays the way it is!
Watching u on CNN now. I am pleased as punch that u r my Senator. Always a thrill to vote for u Sir
work with whom? When did Trump or GOP reach out?
you're in England....
still an American,no matter where I live right now.
Well then fix it. You and @GOP pointing fingers at each isn't part of the job. Fixing #ACA is.
you clearly have not been paying attention. GOP obstruction has been shocking. Don't lay this on Dems.
U shouldn't assume you know what other people know/think based on single tweet. ACA needs 2be fixed which is their job, period
GOP won't do it. So it's actually our job. We need to vote them out. Period.
Hmm, that's obvious not true given they organized to vote against it & had alternatives to fix problem that Paul Ryan rejected
you are a liar and should resign.  The people know the truth.  We are just not given a chance to speak.  Lock her up!
U LOVE IT SO MUCH WHY THE HELL AREN'T YOU & ALL OF DC SUBJECTED TO IT!? If it's good enough 4 us it should be good enough 4 U
lol
don't we have to make sure insurance cos are paid in full so they return to the exchanges?
SHUMER BLAMING ACA COLLAPSE ON REBUP. WHAT A MINI HARRY REED MOVE. NANCY MOONBAT PELOSI WILL BE NEXT, BIRDS OF A FEATHER PLAYBOOK TOGETHER
u guys own AHC...CBO better be right!
CBO was wrong last time...why shld  we believe them now?! They r in your pocket.
Putin/Trump/Republican party is corrupt and dangerous. @SenSchumer
stop lying. Your credibility is "0"
l thought you would find someone else to blame for your own work it is time for you to own it for a change
CBO MATH IS CRAZILY INCONSISTENT!
You, Senator are a liar!
It's a wonder how news, figures, are manipulated to bolster a narrative, whether true or not.  
why don't you work together and get it done
I think it's time for you to sit down and talk to Bernie about  a single payer plan. Medicare for all. Why reinvent the wheel?
What A bunch of lying hayeful babies the Dem Party has become. SHAMEFUL! Work for the good of America, Not it's destruction!
@SenSchumerACA is fine in Bubble world @SenSchumer What is wrong with you making that statement. Oh I forgot, Dems goal is to destroy Americ
I need clarity.Does the states not participating in the ACA making it hard on the system not 2 work.Make them.
your a damn liar! Its law cannot undermine! We r just going to let it run its spiraling demise. Dems own it, live with it!
no. The ACA sucks. It needs to be replaced.
Stop being an obstructionist and help fix this shit now.
Not only that, but, listen to the people that can no longer afford to support ocare. You should be made to carry this and pay for it
Why don't you stop conning the people. Your main concern is the illegal immigrants, refugees, crooks using the system, and your pockets.
@texyellowdogdem GOP undermining ACA must be made known to all. The time to stop partisanship ahead of the people's interest
Can you explain how undermining the current administration is making things better for the American people. Obamacare NOT BETTER
You are so full of yourself!  Go tell my friends who now pay a penalty rather than paying $6,000 coverage & $6,000 deductible!
which GOP and Dr Price will attempt to do.  Instead of repairing ACA, they seek to uninsured and take needed benefits away
Now that we can keep ACA, we need 2 work tirelessly 2 fix it. I promise that we'll do our part if u & the party do yours in DC.
If we could have frozen all as it was (in tact) on the day the vote was going to take place and insured all would remain same W/no deletions
you ever take a finance class or balance your own checkbook Chucky? Spend more than you bring in is easy math #knucklehead
the ACA is a disaster!  Just more ppl on Medicaid.
Republicans worked state by REDMAP state to shatter the health insurance industry.
How is having the government threatening you to pay for anothers insurance and then forcing you to have some too, a good thing?
@lawyerhood what a LIAR! Keep smoking your Pot! CBO and Insurance industry already told HOUSE ACA will fail On its own 1 1/2 yrs
Schumer is deplorable, deceptive, power hungry criminal towards freedom!
Oh NOW you want to blame the GOP because you KNOW Obamacare will fail. Just retire ya political tool.
No, insurance company AETNA said it was. Trust them who make the decisions more than CBO who have gotten things wrong about #ACA
Push back pays and that's what we will have to do.  No more getting pushed around by republicans.
the CBO is usually wrong. Americans know it is failing because they are paying much more for much less.
Not collapsing??? What planet are you living on?? You have my #. Call me. We will talk reality!!! Or come to my home!!
You don't seem to want to get together and make things work only Obstruct. Only a game to you. Ridiculous!
The Republican Agenda using words repeatedly! Disaster/Imploding/Exploding/a lie/nothing/Catastrophe/Disaster #StandAndResistHC
This is my worry as well.  A series of small laws that strategically damage it, and cause it to collapse. #ACA
@DodieManer #WeThePeople #DemandImpeachment #New-Vote
45 and his minutemen will use every tactic to get it to fail..DEMS are smarter than that they will stop their traitorous antics!
States that expanded Medicaid will continue to do better than those that didn't. These add'l lives stabilize market.
@wordbirdsnest That's all that's hurting Ocare NOW!  GOP unfunded subsidies! GOP CALLED IT A BAILOUT, and defunded. A problem!!!
you undermine every single thing so maybe you need a dose of your own medicine when it dies collapse YOU HAVE it in you sir!!!
Please do not  let 'GOP' & Trump sabotage the  ACA.
GIVE TRUMP HELL. It seems like being in Hell is home sweet home for his self centered greedy EGO. NO DEALS with Trump & Co.
The Rage and vengeance in Trump's shifty face towards Pelosi and Schumer is SO OBVIOUS...and TROUBLING. I HOPE ALL THE DEMS GIVE
They want Govt. to have LESS $$$ so as to "implode" ACA and then BLAME IT ON THE Democrats  (specifically Pelosi and Schumer)
deals with. His TRUMP BASE SUPPORTERS AND REPUBLICANS
They won't enforce the mandate. Then it will fail, correct?
Exactly the point. It's trump & Co.'s plan to SABOTAGE the ACA by running to the tax cutting for his wealthy friends he has deal
thank you
This is my fear, the GOP through administrative actions makes Obamacare "implode"
What if they encourage insurance companies to slowly increase premiums and/or deductibles and blame it on ACA.
Yes, but it's true that the ACA is just the first step. Still have to lower premiums, co-pays, Rx costs. Single payer!
@kaseyredus back Bernies bill and pass it without freedom caucus. May even get some WH support
everyone knows ACA is imploding, no insurers left, you *ucked up now eat the shit you spread on america, get out of the way cog
This is a concern. Watch budget and Tom Price!
@kaseyredus Duh
@Oooooo_Donna don't wait go on offense start introducing fixes go high I'd be on every show I could get on reach out
@Oooooo_Donna 
That's why you got your job,for now Chuck
I said earlier that Our President TRUMP is looking at the "Long Game" compliments of The Author "DRAIN THE SWAMP"!!!
What, you expect #POTUS to speak English?
@SenSchumer @caro_phill
Fix ACA Chuck. Don't let the Russian collaborters kill Healthcare for the people!
YOU OWN OBAMACARE, YOU SCHMUCK!
really then why did my premiums go up #chucky
Then work to improve it
They have. Its not the ACA in it's revised state. Restore it! 
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/2/executive-order-minimizing-economic-burden-patient-protection-and …
Pls keep reminding people that GOP caused many of the current problems with ACA by defunding exchanges, etc.
@moon15116 then we better get on it &expose them @ every move they make against ACA, we defend the institutions against haters!!
if only you democRATS would stop importing terrorist and illegals, AMERICA COULD BE GREAT AGAIN 
told you folks watch for price and others to do things to undermine they already have the GOPers anyway to make it look bad
Thats why need to be strong and watch the budget because they will under fund and say see it is imploding.
#resist
Where'd the myth come from? Origin Stories: Death Spirals & Trump’s Healthcare Conspiracy
does need help to improve. Reach across aisle. Show em how it's done
Facts not fiction!!! When has the CBO been correct? Your statement is ludicrous
You think Americans are stupid. ACA isn't collapsing for you bc Congress has a much better HC plan. Congress should have ACA too
The last 8 years republicans have sabotage America for corporate/Russia strictly cash and carry lack of integrity. Ratchet GOP!
@loudproudpissed @realDonaldTrump What kind of President (of all ppl in USA) roots 4 health care 2 fall apart so he can cancel?!
How about bringing a bill with Medicare for All now? Allow the GOP to reject it! Give them rope to hang themself #Obamacare++
Obama & Clinton understand that the ACA has become unaffordable & is heading for a meltdown. NY Post 10/17 oops Obama said that!
Glad that Trump is going to let the ACA collapse!!!  YOU, PELOSI AND THE DEMOCRATS OWN IT!!!
STOP THE LIES!  WE KNOW IT IS IN BIG TROUBLE AND IT'S BECAUSE OF THE ARROGANCE OF YOU AND THE DEMOCRATS.
if it's ok chuck why does it need tweaked? Let it be and let's see how it plays out. 
good your peeps can keep it oh theyrenillegals on Medicaid 4got

will you support a berniecare bill?
@kmfzzz   Must publicize all steps they take to undermine ACA
@ManchuriaTrump1 Make a case with the people if they do Let them know it's now solvent He needs to be removed under 25tamendment
If PPACA is so good then you & rest of Congress need to have your health insurance taken away so you can go buy your own like us
work w/REP-govern from center-2 far rt or left; nothing happens WHY WE GOT stuck w/DT- work 2 fix ACA-keep dt from undermining
Exactly what part of Public Service is baffling to the President and @congressdotgov ?
@congressdotgov has a duty to the American people, not their hurt pride, protect and improve the ACA.
@tara_atrandom WHICH. IS. THE. POINT.
The ACA is law.  The current President took an Oath to protect the American People. He needs to understand that.
You are a fool! You need to look past the end of your nose Senator! The PPACA is a disaster here!
As a New Yorker and as an American - THANK YOU!
@BigHec01 Chuck ur a laughingstock n the definition of everything wrong in the country. Jump off n take fat Amy w u
Why should One republican help Obama Care! You disgrace and humiliate all of them any second you get TV time. You need to GO!!
Well then Chucky, tell all the insurance company's that left Obama Care  to take the losses  and eat millions for your Bill.
CBO doesn't calculate how the ACA is crushing families with expensive useless insurance.Many have 1 insurer left.Dems don't care
thank you for telling the truth unlike the trump regime
I trust Michael Moore. He says Trump will make sure ACA fai
@LuWho2You The @Gop is now attacking entities that show truth! We are doomed if that tactic works. Keep fighting 4 us!
@drhug Why aren't the #Democrats screaming about #Rubio gutting the Risk Corridor in 2015's budget reconciliation? #Resist
Please take initiative on resolving problems and aiding solutions. This is the way forward for Dems, collaborating with Repubs.
@AndyRichter PLEASE keep fighting the good & decent fight-we need you!  We will continue to #resist as we have been since Jan 20
You mean infuse billions into a failed program Chuck?  You work for us Chuck, remember that Ass Hole!
you are delusional! The dems have created a country of entitled lazy people. We need change and you gone!
We are with you. You're a good man Senator!!
Then why have my premiums doubled and deductible quadrupled, Mr. Schumer?
please call up Trump and let him know you're willing to talk single payer
What would Americans do if they knew Trump was out to destroy  the health care system because he lost and it's not his system
For many, the choice of plans is very limited. I'm some instances, only one plan. The ACA does need work.
@Save_Savannah_ DEMS cannot make same mistake as GOP u need to return with a plan to fix ACA and market it with the public!
time for HR 676 Medicare for All.
Plans to improve coming soon?  Don't let the admin destroy it to make their point.
Head it off with Press Conf-warn Americans what GOP plans to do-it will make it harder for them #TraitorTrump
Maybe you should open your eyes and find out for yourself!  Exchanges aren't closing for no reason.
This is r chance to fix it-PLEASE FIX IT!!
@southerntails1 wish that someone in congress would put America first; do what needs to be done to fix ACA w bipartisan effort
Yeah right. Just stupid logic. Keep ignoring the obvious. No respect for the Dems. #Independent voters for common sense!!
and Rome never fell. #oblivious
Why can't you guys join forces to fix the flaws in the ACA rather than focusing on whose name is on it.  #Trumpisnotasavior
Be aware. Stop the fools!
best if moderates from both parties work to improve ACA. That's what the country wants why so impossible?
So strike while iron is hot and get him on phone & strike a deal to improve ACA! @NancyPelosi
Schumer you are missing a great chance for yourself! You can end OBamacare and help make a great Healthcare Law! Future Pres!
Sure. Go ahead and put your faith in CBO. #DemsOwnOCare
And they WILL. Unless Dems and we the people stop them.
Chuckie, you have to stop relying on notoriously inaccurate and unreliable CBO. Look around at what's happening. ACA killing us!
LMAO. That is some willful blindness. Guess premiums doubling is fine.
incompetence is the one topic u have credibility on, so I take what u say seriously. But what is voting for the ACA called then?
LIES, LIES AND MORE LIES WE DONT TRUST YOU SCHUMER
@tspj22 and we must stay ahead and provide solutions work with Insurers. Demo to world we can make it work for all Americans
tell that to Americans in states where there's no coverage
or two Americans the premiums went up over 100%
work together with the Republicans stop being a roadblock
GOP &Trump will stop payment and make Obamacare difficult to carry out and then blame it on Democrats..tactics will backfired
In other words, increasing public awareness even more to make sure ppl are signing up correctly to get what they have a right to
Also I was shocked to realize even supporters of ACA thought they had ACA policy but actually did not sign up thru an exchange.
How can we shore up the ACA to make sure ppl with very few choices for providers and exchange policies get improvement? #fixACA
