Yes we’re spending money in Puerto Rico. To turn the power back on. To give ppl drinking water. And to keep life support machines working.
To have the gall to complain about PR while proposing tax cuts for millionaires that will cost trillions is the height of hypocrisy.
Someone said it. It is the right thing to do  to help them. I think after its all back up and running they should start paying taxes!!!!!!
they do.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taxation_in_Puerto_Rico …
They only pay federal income tax if they have income outside of Puerto Rico
And they receive reduced benefits from the Federal Government as a result- that's why they also pay commonwealth taxes.
True. So where do you think the money comes from. Corruption is bad there. Reform is needed. I stand by what I said- we should help.
They voted to become a state. GOP congress won't let that happen.
Good! Because PR is a heavy burden on those of us paying into their welfare system. Don't take on another state until they are an asset.
I was raised in a religious home. We were told that it was our duty to feed the hungry, cloth the poor, & welcome the stranger in our midst.
Congress just sits and watches this clown make a mockery of the office.  USA deserves better Chuck.  Our kids deserve a real potus
Our kids deserve a better Washington all together Washington was a joke before Trump before Obama stop blaming one person
I agree totally about Washington- that doesn't mean I can't blame potus for being a current disaster.
Name a president that could have handled three hurricanes a mass shooting Cry-Baby football players and don't say Obama Nobody's Perfect
Handled? What did he do? He stopped the shooter? Lie after lie after lie. I know- you don't think he lies. You think he is amazing
Okay what should he have done mr. Smarty you know it all tell us tell everybody on Twitter what should he have done
I hate defending Trump, but this was clearly a terrible, tone-deaf joke.  Poor judgment, but the outrage over it is seriously overblown.
White and republican
I want you to pass a bipartisan HC bill the same as senate and Congress have. Why can't the people have the same HC as your family.
Ask him 2 give them back that $33 mill 4 his failed golf course. I'm sure that threw their economy out of whack.
I don’t remember our @GovAbbott standing in front of uncut pallets of supplies begging for help!
Trump doesn't consider them Americans he thinks of them as a minority and of Hispanic origin
Chuck I take Because they are mainly white for a 1000
That's because a majority of the people in those two states are white.
Chuckie any time we have to give money for unexpected reasons it is always going to throw the budget off!
Well Chucky boy we know that you can't do math or anything else but three hurricanes in a row pretty much throws everything out ofwhackidiot
Somehow he didn't bring up budget when it was Florida or Texas. That is the point.
I have to say again apparent some people have no concept of math billions and billions in Florida and Texas yes the budget will get stressed
Rich don't need huge tax cuts. Use those billions of dollars to help Americans survive for God's sake!
Another one who doesn't listen or tell the whole story he clearly said from the beginning of the Republican primaries close loopholes
If they close the loopholes for the rich and brought their tax rate down to 1% they would still be paying more than they ever have.
Trump evensaid it acouple of weeks agowe're going toclose the loopholes in thetax code and I will be paying more tax to referring to himself
Maybe a few people would pay attention and listen you would quit crying so much oh hell I forgot you want to cry grasping for straws
POTUS is unfit!!!!
All of Washington is unfit Washington was unfit before Donald Trump ever took office it was unfit before Obama took office
There are no words.
PR IS NOT A STATE!!! They don't pay federal tax !!!
Besides an assault weapon ban, we need a trump ban too. His comments and paper-towel throwing to the crowd are just whacked. Embarrassing.
I don't either senator I'm a little angry at u because I want to know when u an the democrats are going to get rid of the great pumpkin
Continue to fight 4 us senator because I will always continue to support u
The #GrifterInChief
He does not like brown and black people, wake up
He didn't. 'i don't remember' is rhetorically weak and soft. In future, delete this type of flourish.
Why?
It's rhetorically weak.
Here it all the time though
Yes. It's my opinion and there are probably plenty who disagree. But I think would be better just to state the facts:
@POTUS did not tell Texans that they'd "thrown our budget out of whack" after Harvey. Or Floridians after Irma.
PR has never been an asset even before the storm. Lots of corruption there. Ppl need help but it works both ways.
Lots of corruption here. Many hard working people here viewed as never being an asset as well. Nice try at deflection and condemnation.
I recall some Republicans, from Texas, whining about budgetary concerns after another hurricane, however. The whining could be heard all the way to New York.
Well why don't you cry about it chuckie...
OR HIMSELF AFTER HOW MANY GOLF WEEKENDS!!! @realDolaldTrump 

I WANT TOM PRICE TO PAY BACK THE $1,000,000 HE STOLE TOO!
I'm Puerto Rican & NY'er Chuck & I am disgusted that another white liberal is pimping my people's plight for political gain.ugh @DNC #Ghouls
No. Hmmm? Racist in chief.
Hispanic ppl aren't really citizens in Trump's mind and his constituents!
I don’t remember him throwing rolls of paper towels at victims in TX or FL like they are free t-shirts at a sporting event either.
Or Mnuchin after tax cuts
he has praise only for the police and the military because he thinks they will help him stage a coup. Madman.no joke. SOS.
@DNC  I am so embarrassed at who is representing us. Me Schumer, I can't wait to move from NY. The middle class is in stone age. You did it
Gee, can't understand why charles is single..
HEY CHUCK SHUT UP
Don't give him ideas!
He doesn’t consider Puerto Rico part of America because they’re not part of the ‘50 Club.’ #PuertoRicoIsAmericaToo
I'm not convinced that 45 actually knew PR was US territory!We know that some of his supporters sure as hell didn't based on their comments!
Puerto Ricans cannot vote in the presidential general election. No vote to wins = Trump doesn't need them.
Well 1 in 4 things then.....
Wish he would just stick his head under the water & leave it there. My friend finally heard about her mom & she's in the hospital. #TrumpSUX
And that is Donald Trump's fault how
Did I say it was his FAULT? No I did not. I simply said I wish He would stick his head under water and not come up.
You forget a lot other than hate & Obstruction
You will #spewhate in any direction to further your #career politics.  You know better. #stop #spreadinghate

Hey Chuckie, you lost! Better luck next time! 
Why don't you go to work for a change: Is it true U people R taking week off?  AMAZING - do U ever work? When U R there it's all sound bites
Yea Chuckie, that is because you do not remember much, selective anal liberal retention.
Becuz Texas/Florida wasnt dead ass broken & totally bankrupt. PR caused its own financial prob by being corrupt. Not r responsibility.
The third one may be the tipping point wouldn't you say?   PR is taking more resources than we had to send to any of the others
They are Am citizens deserving as much help as you would be if it was your family that was dyeing because they couldn’t get water or meds
We have hosp ships/ dept of defense, coast guard, soldiers, A General orchestrating.....what else can we send?  You?
Oh hell no. That would really mess up the island. Send him to Russia. They know how to deal with people like him.
Trump can brutalize Puerto Rico--they have no voting rights nor any representatives in congress. They can't hurt him, so he doesn't care.
Agree but we watch and won't forget. #Republicans can't erase this.
I hope we don't forget. In my experience, people have short memories for the crimes of white men.
My new mantra:
Black lives matter.
Puerto Rico matters.
Old white men GOP' ers....not so much.
And while we’re at it, the USVIs matter, too!
You're right--they're getting little to no press!
YOU Democrats threw the budget out of whack.
With the unfundedBush Wars.
With the unfunded vote-buying welfare.
Disgusting BIGOT in the WH. He made it White again but not functioning.
FL & TX were prep'd because of past storms. Maria was bigger than PR.  Trump hasn't tried to staff 100s of positions in govt agencies.
You don’t even know how to spell budget. Go sit down.
You have to pass a law now Chuck to stop the wild fires. Pass a law and the fires will stop. It's the democrats way
Puerto Rico in shambles before hurricane. Trump spoke truth--Dems play identity politics trying to get future voters by sucking up as usual!
Tell everyone the truth. A lot of Puerto Rico was already down before the storm corruption kills
P.R. is pimpimg us and always have what do they offer nothing but thugs and stupidity
2 words: electoral votes
Okay please explain
Or Trump after his 68th day of golf? #ImpeachTrumpNow  #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
trump & family grifters have thrown our budget out of wack with all the millions on vacations, extra security for Melanie etc, etc. @POTUS
Oh yes Donald Trump's going to bankrupt America because of his trips oh my god get a life
Trump IS going to bankrupt US, it's what republicans do. I have a life and trump is ruining it, Bot. #MuellerTime 
or politicians after using our taxes to fund private jets for their trips...
And spending millions of taxpayer dollars on his golf courses. Which funnels back into his own pockets. 
Extending help to white people is money well spent. Extending the same to brown people is always charity. Always. #GOPFOXLogicOnDisplay.
Oh my God man that you're sick

You really expect me to believe anything CNN says are you joking
Oh, Geezus, it's all over everything. He can't keep his big trap shut and the garbage just flows out. But yeah: CNN is the problem.
He does run his mouth that's why people like it he says what's on his mind rather hear the truth then a bunch of Lies like I have for years
Yes, it's good he runs his mouth off.  We finally get to see what a real willfully ignorant bigoted POS every person that still defends him continues to be. They can't hide under hoods and civility anymore.
It's not hard.
Wasn't hard with BHO either,  but we conservatives took the high road...
Took the high road? 
Yup compared to democrats.
All of the name calling, screaming "you lie" at the state of the union, pointing fingers in the POTUS face, is the high road?
I don't recall any name calling.  Everyone was too worried about being called a racist to challenge him on anything.
Of course you don't.
Call for PR to become the 51st State, then we can help them recover more efficiently & effectively.
Ofc not. They are red states, and can vote. They count. PR doesn't.
But, but, Puerto Rico is way out in the middle of the Nambian Sea, with all those foreigners living there....!

@realDonaldTrump
Chuck does your mother wash your mouth out every time you lie?
@SenSchumer We have spent so much more in PR because there was so much more devastation Please stop picking at his every word Lighten up ok?
They are both red states and PR doesn't vote.
They are his base and voted for him. He also has property in both areas.

I guess the stick up your a** is blocking your sense of humor.
That was funny to you?
Do Texas and Florida have debt like Puerto Rico? Hmmmm, I thought not.
Of course not. Peurto Ricans don't vote and didn't put @POTUS in office. I'm shocked he even bothered to visit for a few hours. #papertowels
Just Think Of The Financial Aid We Could Give Puerto Rico If Illegal Immigration Wasn't Costing Us Taxpayers 140 Billion A Year! So STFU!
Noblesse oblige, don't ya know.
Stop it. Your people chastise trump for tweeting. So act upon your own rules. THIS is not why you were elected.

There goes Chuckie Schemer again. Never let a tragedy go overlooked.
Get trump to work and off golf course
Nor did he demand “appreciation”
Probably because you don't remember which occured last & has a completely neglected now destroyed power grid
A pound to a pinch of snuff it won't reduce his golf weekends.

Well chuckle i do not believe that texas or florida are over 100 billion in dept.  What you say crazy dem.
I don't remember Texas or Florida throwing the budget out of whack.
Because they pay their bills, you smuck...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, Texans and Floridians PAY FEDERAL INCOME TAXES, residents of PR DO NOT... but you knew that you hypocrite...
You do know what a sense of humor is right sir? You have to stop nitpicking at every little thing! This is a tragedy what you all are doing!
Let's relocate Puerto Rican's to swing states to swing the vote, put a wall up in retaliation to voter suppression, Russian vote hacking
Just stop....dont you ever get tired of it?
Puerto Rico is 97 billion dollars in debt & not one of the worlds strongest economies. I think both Texas & Florida are both in the black when it comes to finances. Maybe you could quit nitpicking everything the @POTUS  does and says because you are looking ridiculous and petty..
Texas and Florida are not $100billion in debt dip weed.  Stop running your mouth before you know all facts #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Is TX or FL $100 Billion in debt? Oh yeah, NO they are not.
or is billionaire swamp after flying all over town I can't remember anyone who has been a bigger embarrassment to the USA then this guy
He's an asshole. I'm sick of him getting away with being so disrespectful

In his mind PR is not really America.
@realDonaldTrump
It took 45 two weeks to go to Puerto Rico   but only 2 days to Las Vegas
SHUT UP!! WE ARE SO SICK OF YOU DEMOCRATS!! ALL YOU DO IS SPREAD RACIST COMMENTS! NONE OF YOU HAVE ANY CLASS OR BRAINS!
Yes but Puerto Rico has no oil in the ground which big shots could exploit
@JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS HOW COME U DON'T TALK ABOUT AMERICANS TRAINING THEIR H1B FOREIGN REPLACEMENTS CHUCK $$$$$$$$$$$
YOUR DONOR PAYS U FOR CHEAP FOREIGN LABOR & U BRING IN FOREIGNERS ON VISAS TO REPLACMENT AMERS CHUCKIE - THATS TREASON !!
That was a joke, but you fucking Liberals have no sense of humor. #PromotingLiberalVictimology #(D)MostUninspiringParty
We're waiting for the @GOP to tell POTUS that HE & his personal/family trips are throwing our budget "out of whack" WHILE lining his pockets
Chuckles needs to stop the nonsense.
We are watching and will remember the petty and insulting tone as Trump scolded Puerto Rico
Or them waiting 9 days be4 help was sent.  I didn't see him throw paper towels at them either.  Just when you think he can't go any lower
Poorest excuse for a president we ever had.
we don't have to rebuild Texas and Florida from the ground up maybe cause they had building codes that saved life's
Shut and quit stirring the pot. You love to keep the crap going don't you. Support your President or leave office.
That's because they didn't. PR is a hellhole of infrastructure because they don't use the budget they get properly.
How much r ur golf games affecting the budget, DT? #keepurpapertowels #throwmoney
I have never known of a Senator to be such a putz
I don't remember you standing up and doing anything other than trying to divide the country.  You need to be impeached!  Poverty pimp!
He definitely doesn't have the balls to say this to Vegas.
Do you ever shut up... are you gonna give back Weinstein's money? F n hypocrite
Or throwing toilet paper at them
No shi*. Our President is an electoral win ONLY and that means something...
The man is a heartless narcissist with no capacity for empathy. And he is a vile racist. 25th Amendment!

Disturbing.
Yes, but Puerto Ricans cannot vote.
Only to Democrats

She is a sick person you all need to help her
What a dumb out of touch tweet. If you have time to show your ass on twitter you have time to work on the people's agenda. Obsequious Putz
C'mon now Chuck that was a light hearted moment & u know it. Stop being a drama queen
If Puerto Ricans didn't consider the statement racist your tweet will make them.This is race-baiting, Trump isn't the problem here, you are!
Don't be such a shmuck and a cry baby. Instead you should instead fight for the unborn babies, which you are in favor of destroying.
Texas isn't billions in debt!
I don't recall asinine @SenSchumer ever say PuertoRico's debt should b wiped off nor that he supports Statehood 4 us.
Voted YES on $86 billion for military operations in Iraq & Afghanistan. (Oct 2003)

Troublemaker... bills mount up... even you should know this... problem of career politicians. .. have not grasp of the real world.
I don't remember @POTUS throwing rolls of toilet paper into the crowds in Texas and Florida.
To trump, Puerto Rican's speak Spanish therefore he considers them Mexicans and we all know how he feels about Mexico.
In case you haven't noticed, Chuckles twists everything POTUS says or does to fit his agenda. And Lib idiots take what he says as truth!
You feed of one thing. Such a narrow scope. You, Pelosi do nothing but cry, LITERALLY. 
JUST WHINE AND SQUACK.
When will you denounce a sexual predator?
You are a complete idiot! You were elected to represent the people! Not yourself and other liberals!!!!

.@POTUS on Puerto Rico: "We are going to help the people out." 
Exactly!!! But PR lives don't matter to trump who HE ALONE caused 33 million$ of THIER debt. UNFIT DESPICABLE DEPLORABLE SUBHUMAN LYING SOB
U have many people that want 2 give back what U gave 2 their family! Do U &  family have eyes behind your head? U can thank JW 4 the info!
Let's face it Chuck, you would do anything to further divide our nation. YOU and your IDIOT cronies are the problem - and always will be!
It was a JOKE get over it and stop whining. This is why Congress has a low approval rating. This is a non issue
Of course not. Nor did he toss paper towels at them like a child. #ImpeachTrump
So two major disasters followed by a third doesn't throw the budget out of whack? Then you are collecting to much money.
Voted NO on replacing death penalty with life imprisonment. (Apr 1994)
Your absurd. U n your party has halted almost every Bill put thru the Houses from passing. U r all full of drama. Do some work for a change
The FEMA budget that Trump slashed?
As usual, Chucky, you've thrown anything like facts out the window.  While the other states pay taxes, Puerto Rico doesn't
Thank you @Senschumer for putting him in his place..like the 12 year old that he is!
My gosh, u will find anything  about Trump to keep bashing him! Can't we focus on the good hes doing? If u really care,  then prove it!
Please stop your evil rhetoric. Trump is doing more for P.R. than TX & FL, you have looked the other way on their $80 billion corruption
No thanks to the Democrats and their complete lack of fiscal discipline.
Can you believe a President would say that. Horrible
Yes doing the same for Texas and Florida the difference is they are not  poverty-stricken & does not want to be part of us
Donald Trump is so ignorant he should be BURIED alive
He probably did say it. Just not publicly. Otherwise his "base" would hear it in Texas.
Floridians & Texans can vote.
Maybe b/c Texas has a $1.5 billion rainy day fund. Neither Tx or Fl run by Tax and spend Dumbocrats
He is disgusting.
Of course not, Trump keeps thinking Puerto Rico is a separate country not owned by united states" you people "not "actual disaster" like KAT
Respectfully, Senator, it's because he doesn't Respect PuertoRico or Guam for that matter. To him, not Americans. You MUST TRY to #Educate
Me neither.
UR NUTS,  OUR STATES ARE NOT 115 BILLION
$$$IN DEBT.
U THINK WE R STUPID LIKE UR DIMS???
#TrumptheChump
I don't remember you... well... Have you actually done anything worthwhile? #MAGA
(per @yoyoha) Current cost of Trump's golf weekends so far: $71,556,561

Did you tell them that? No? Then, maybe that's why you don't remember telling them that. Ok?
From throwing out rolls of paper towels to his absence of empathy remarks Trump continues to humiliate our country & citizens. Total idiot!!
I don't remember you doing a single thing taxpayers expected you to do. Expenditures accumulate...just like your catalog of incompetence.
You have selective memory time to retire
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @SenateDems @CNN @AP @FoxNews DJT-U say/do stupid things nearly EVERY DAY. You don't get a pat on the back for that 
No but I'll bet he was thinking it.  After all, he had his eye on some of that money, or maybe even all of it to better his own self interests and build that insane wall.  He is detestable.
Right! Tell him to stay off the golf course . ThT will help the budget.
