Oh give me a damn break. No one is taking away your birth control. Just pay 4 it. Like millions of women do. Liberals are SUCH drama queens
amen , exactly how I see them , drama queens , hysterical hypocritical asinine zero common sense soap opera drama queens
Did Harvey Weinstein contribute to @SenSchumer’s campaigns?
MAYBE people will think twice about an unwanted pregnancy when they have to PAY for the consequences ...Too many irresponsible ppl out there
Yes, yes.
You are making my 
day
common sense does feel good doesn't it , makes my day too , life is about motivation .. WHAT are we motivating people to do nowdays ??
We, the people, don't want to be forced to pay for someone else's contraception.
Blah, blah, blah.
no one is denying anyone anything , you want an abortion you are responsible for ?? get out your credit card and pay for it
Thanks for Obamacare LIE, destroying healthcare, and screwing Americans. States & free market is answer, not corrupt Gvmnt
Well chuckle please don't hold back. I can't hear you So you support Harvey Weinstein how much money did he donate to you ?
Chuckie we are dancing in the streets beginnng of the end of Obamacare
When will the government pay for my cholesterol and blood pressure medicine?  The issue is WHO PAYS for it, not that they don't get it.
birth control is not a right many women have paid for there own this does not follow civil rights.Low income still get it for free
Please stop him!

Here's who cares:

Stop complaining and remove him from office. What are you waiting for ? Permission? I give it to you then. Please no more words & act.
How can the president do this without legislation?

It is a civil and human rights violation to force American tax-payers to shoulder the burden of paying for women's contraceptives.  If they can't afford contraception, then they need to abstain, or have the child and place it for adoption if they don't want it.
It's a human rights violation to allow your mouth to keep flapping.
This is Christianity being imposed on others, despite their faith, it is clear that statement by Sessions today means christian liberty.
No it's not.Not all people who oppose paying for birth control are christians get over it
If you shouldn't have to pay for someone else's contraception, then I shouldn't have to pay SSI to a person who is mentally ill & owns guns.
This statement and so idiotic it doesn't really deserve an answer but I'll give you one my dear illness is a sickness contraception isn't
That's mental illness. God help these people please
It is unfortunate that anyone has to suffer from paranoid schizophrenia or psychosis 1/1
There is no right to contraception and free healthcare, only access to it. Nobody's stopping women from obtaining contraceptives.
mr obama should not have picked on the little sisters of the poor.
#13thAmendmentBanned
#WomenAsProperty and
#ForcedLaborServitude
#YouCantForceGirlsToLaborForAnothersContraception
#NeitherCanCongress
Bullshit. If women want to have sex and use birth control, they can pay for it themselves. I'm sure women can save up $9.00 for it.
Abortion is not birth control it's murder. No tax money should fund them. I buy condoms so buy your on birth control pill.

Why do you continue too leave out those woman will still get free birth control at Planned Parenthood... it just won't be me paying for it.
I beg u not to work with this catastrophe some call a President.  This man is unhinged and has proven time & time again he cannot be trusted


https://www.instagram.com/p/BZ8z9uxB_rN/ 
Why should contraceptives be paid for by taxpayers. Nobody is saying you can't use birth control are they.
If you can't afford FREE contraceptives, then KEEP YOUR PANTS ON! Many clinics provide contraceptives for FREE!
Winning, and still not tired of it lol
Yet now he claims you're working to make a deal with him.
You should start by telling DT to reverse turn against women's reproductive rights before any further discussion on healthcare can occur.
First, the insurance companies would be the ones to remove it. 2nd, how/why is it anyone else’s responsibility to pay?
Don't make any deals with Donald Trump on health care or anything else.   He is a liar and a cheat and  is unfit to be in office.
You care nothing about America or the People of America. You care ONLY about the DNC and nothing else! You should be ashamed. #Sick #ACA
Did you return your Weinstein money yet?
UN HRC 1618
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi 
   Please read this thread  ... @GOP plan to sabotage to #ACA
1/ I am leaving 4 intense days in DC & now have a very different theory of what's going on in HC. Will tweet soon.

Follow if interested.
Is it an attack on civil rights or does it mean that American women are cheap?  It could be viewed either way.
HR676! Single Payer! UNLESS, of course, you receive big $$ from the insurance and big pharma. 
Chucky #Contraceptives r available at any pharmacy! No need for a govt mandate!
Bullshit. Nobody is denying birth control to anyone. It is readily available & affordable everywhere. Get your pal @MarkWarner to pay for it
Trump tweeted u guys might deal w/him on ACA. Fine. BUT if u let him rename it YOU will be OUT. #ObamaLegacyMatters. Sincerely, a NYC voter.
I suppose if the rule was: men can't have sex with a women unless she's on BC, it would be at the very top of the list for coverage.
HOW TO STOP THE TRUMP CHOAS!!  SUPPORT HR669.  SUPPORT BUMBSTOCK &ASSAULT RIFLE BANS. SUPPORT WOMENS RIGHTS.  UNDUE ANYTHING TRUMP TOUCHS!
Mr. Schumer has @realDonaldTrump contacted you from yesterday??? he says he has.
Oh Grow up Schumer I paid 4 my Pills out of pocket they r not expensive. & if people want them free they can go to Planned Parenthood
It's not my responsibility to pay for someones birth control. Good move PRESIDENT TRUMP. 
If you forgot - Hillary lost - do something
Planned Parenthood has killed more people than Hitler
Lets ban Planed Parenthood and save more lives than fake gun control
Taxpayers should NOT pay for women's birth control or abortions.
“Hands off my body men” well if your that concerned About men touching your body then you  probably shouldn’t have had sex with a man
TRUMPS ONE PURPOSE DESTROY ANYTHING EVERYTHING OBAMA DID OBSESSION INSANE
Great purpose - make me want to reeelect him
How about those forcing cultural Marxism on society Under the false guise of equality and women’s rights?
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
https://twitter.com/aiiamericangiri/status/916417827787149313 …
#pussygrabber is Schumer donor
Chuck Schumer Latest Democrat to Donate Campaign Cash from Harvey Weinstein
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/breitbart/~3/RrY1BJwcaUg/ …
Hands off my wallet! I shouldn't have to pay for your actions.  #accountability #yourbodyyourmoney
It's called PERSONAL responsibility!! NOBODY paid for mine!! You want to have sex, pay for your own protection!! It's YOUR choice!!
Birth Control is a woman's responsibility. NOT THE GOVERNMENT.
Now how the hell can this be an attack on women's rights Employers are not responsible and should not be held accountable to Pay for birth
Control. Buy the damn pills yourself. Many people have to pay for medications that they really need that is not covered under medical
Hey.... Chuckie tell us about your friend Weinstein... Ummmm how much money???????????
I see your buddy Harvey cares about women too.
#ChuckSchumer Don't use my tax $ to pay for anyone's BC! Don't want to get preggie, keep your legs closed or use BC. Clinics are cheap!
They can have all the birth control they want, just keep ur hands out of my wallet to pay for it. It's $9/month;Drop off 1 pack of Marlboros
@realDonaldTrump
Your Not much in substance

https://www.instagram.com/p/BZ8z9uxB_rN/ 
Harvey Weinstein ..hypocrites! !
Harvey Weinstein is a douchbag don't put him in our party
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump is a disgrace. He needs to step down. @potus
https://twitter.com/newttrump/status/916141383894872065 …
https://twitter.com/newttrump/status/916141383894872065 …
so not having birth control, affects where they go to work...you make it sound like its being made illegal...how about you fund it for them
what about separation between Church and State? hmmm


#HandsOffMyBC @womensmarch 
It isn’t the job of taxpayers to provide contraception to every whore who can’t keep his or her legs closed long enough to sit&learn morals
I don't want to pay for my employees sex life. Male of female
insurance and businesses no longer have to pay for contraception does that mean that they’re not gonna have to pay for men to have Viagra
After 20 years of @TheMAURYShow I don't think birth control is the problem.
@SenSchumer never seen application asking about my birth control. Maybe it's just on the planned parenthood app for employment
Why should I be made to pay for your contraception? Poor women will continue to get them for free through Medicaid. Buy your own pills.
Isn't PP in the business of providing contraceptive services to women?  Don't we already give them hundreds of Billions of $s?
Here's what I don't get 
Out of the millions of females who voted for the #POSPOTUS #SHOWBOAT,  NONE of them w/b affected by this?
They think it only affects women on ACA
But you would think SOME of them must be, no?
Like abortion
Not ONE Con female has ever had an abortion or known s/one who has?
Weird stuff
I wonder what they'll say
If one pres can mandate it, another can roll it back. This position undermines personal responsibility and accountability. Pathetic
hey if you want to use conbtraception they pay for it yourself=pretty simple.
They can do what ever they want but I don’t pay for someone else’s contraception
If you shouldn't have to pay for someone else's contraception, then I shouldn't have to pay SSI to a person who is mentally ill & owns guns
Maybe you can mention it to Trump the next time you're having an oval office make out party, Chuck.

There is no constitutional right to birth control. So, no. NOT a civil rights issue.
False this doesn't deprive women of anything It just makes them responsible for payment and not the tax paying American citizens
This is an asinine argument. So don’t cover insulin for diabetics? Make them be responsible for their costs?
Not same argument stay on point so the asinine statement is on u
It’s the same argument. If I’m an employer who believes insulin use is an affront to my religion, I shouldn’t have to pay for that, right?
No u place contraceptives as the same as life sustaining drugs can a woman live without contraceptives yes can diabetic baby w/o insulin NO
But the question isn’t about abortion per say - it’s about religious freedom
Pay for your own birth control contraceptives and abortions.
Bot
Rights?  Where is it listed in the constitution that the government can force employers to provide specific coverage? 
Thank you for being our #voices 
Yea - the voice of ignorance
There will be a significant rise in teen pregnancy.  If planned parenthood is defunded,  stds will rise as well.  Men don’t care! GOP sucks!
Aids will explode and white America will be affected because of the opioid crisis they share needles and won't have any where to go
So why is this my problem?
It can effect every person that is sexually active and there will be an epidemic that's how
@liza_rebold
Using contraceptives is a personal decision that the government should not have to fund with taxpayer dollars.
Taking any medication is a personal decision, should no medication be covered?

Bot alert
He is taking away the surgery one..and its proven to kill us
