We stand with these service members who serve honorably.
I wonder how many of these guys were TRASGENDER?
The role of military is defense not accommodate guys who want to be a pussy
Pay for breast implants
our MILITARY IS NO PLACE FOR YOUR PC BS
I believe that any one who choose to have an elective surgery that will cause a constant cost after should not be allowed to serve!
Good. Write it up and pass it!
The military has one purpose: to provide for the defense of USA. Providing sex change surgery is too costly.
Thank you sir...
not simply sex changes. new barracks, a redesign of basic training, it is a shift in priority, it is a soldier that is combat ineffective
SENATOR IF THAT IS THE CASE ;WHAT IF THE PERSON ATTAINS A ILLNESS !BECAUSE OF OUTSIDE HELP!
You just showed your ignorance to the subject. @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
Good!! We don't have enough money for the military as it is now we have to pay for surgery wow
We have the largest military budget in the world. Larger than the next 6 countries combined. Trust me, we have a big enough budget
For goodness sakes the military is funding dick pills. Not contraception... DICK PILLS. They sure as hell can fund these folks' transitions.
Except, it's not the military funding this, it is you. . . if you are an American taxpayer. 
Maybe YOU need to read the " Military Medical Standards and Commission "!
Military service is not a means to obtain transition surgery. That is what will happen and you know it.
And don't forget Chuck, "Dont ask, don't tell" was Clinton's baby. So they've been hiding for a long time
Denying payment for an elective procedure is a far cry from denying medical care. I wouldn't protest my employer because they won't
so let them do it again. Do u mean a man that identifies as woman,uses woman's facilities? N vice/versa?how does it work?
So, Chuck, you thing our taxpayer money is better spent on a selective surgery to remove appendages?
For God sakes there are 350million people in the USA and a handful of People are taking up yours and my time go on with the majority's work
THIS is what started this mess, Chuck. 
NO it was actually THIS !

They can pay. We can't be insured. No free gender reassignment Chuck sharia
Good I don't want to pay for it
O
So what people do what they need to do  you can't control every aspect of their life. Stop it
Not med care.  Who they are was determined at birth. A MAN is a man.  Cuttin' of his pecker just makes him a man without a pecker.
Hey Chuck, Chuck the dumb (fill in the blank) these miss guided people are just there for free surgery not to protect and defend!
As it should be. Let them pay for their own elective surgery. All non service related surgeries should banned.
Because they are not * From mars* Or Worse Pluto*
They're just weird!
And that is exactly what should be done.
Get their shit together before they enlist
They are not different from the other Military members. If they need medical attention they will get it. The Illnesses are the same. Because
PEOPLE DON'T, HOWEVER, WANT TO PAY FOR SOLDIERS TO GET THEIR  TALLYWACKERS CUT OFF. YOU'RE BEING PAID TO HAVE BALLS, NOT GET RID OF  THEM.
That's how it should be. If you can't hide your craziness you're too crazy to be in the MILITARY anyway! Yes & pay4your own crazy operation!
But now because of Trumpcare, outside help will be impossible.
#Transban Inside every fat person is a skinny person dying to get out. Shall the military allow them in too & pay for their gastric bypass?
If they can do the job, yes.
GOOD GLAD TO HEAR THEY WILL OBTAIN MEDICAL CARE OUTSIDE THE MILITARY SYSTEM CAUSE THAT MEANS THE AMERICAN TAXPAYER DOES NOT PAY FOR IT
There you go chuck, government is the answer for everything.
Go head. I don't think we should pay for perverse surgery so they can later commit suicide
Thays right Schmucky....embrace it...the commander in chief of the armed forces makes it so....so go sit down and have a good cry....
We Taxpayers DO NOT WANT TO PAY FOR THEIR ELECTIVE SURGERIES
That's great news!
Well, they could quite easily remain with their natural-born gender and still join the military.    Nobody forced them to flaunt it.
It should not on tax payer expense.
Before when 2016? All you are is a liar! MISSION 1ST! You want to be a woman or any other, do it on your dime and time!
If you was enlisted as a certain gender why should the military support human reconsignment, hormone replacement & therapy not war related?
I can't believe this administration is taking us Back in Time. I guess it shouldn't be a surprise, with that cabinet of 45's. 
You don't understand mil indiv/unit readiness. If you cared about the burden on others of these special cases, your opinion would change.
That's fine, as long as tax payers aren't forced to pay for their plastic surgery.
MEDICAL CARE OUTSIDE THE MILITARY SYSTEM WERE IT BELONGS.??HOW DID YOU MISS THAT CHUCK.???
You're wrong! As usual you're pandering!!!!!!
The ppl shouldn't pay for sex changes. Period
Up yours Chucky
You are such a hypocrit! You talk crap about Jeff Sessions, try to block his Cabinet nomination but now are appalled by @POTUS frustration?
What happens when transgenders arw called to fight & no access to meds? Like diabetics etc. BtW transgender isn't  an illness so no surgery
It is a trick. Puts D's into gender politics which a great amount of population does not value LGBT rights.
I should NOT have to pay for people to mutilate their bodies whether they serve I. the military or not! Dems need to stop forcing this on us
Do not feel my tax dollars need to be spent on someone wanting to go from an outty to in inny or visa versa
Why do we the tax payers have to pay for transgender medical issues that are not related to military activities. Just more paying for votes!
Why are we paying for limp dick??? Not related to military performance.
Medical care for veterans (as for EVERYBODY) should be reserved for treating mental problems, not catering to them! Vote-seeking Dem idiots.
I'm fine with trans genders serving. But wouldn't this be elective surgery?
Obama did it for 7 1/2 years didn't make the change until July of his final year..hypocrite
GOOD!!!
The more that serve, the better. We just don't want to foot the bill for any cosmetic procedures, incl. gender reassignment surgeries!
Let them hide...they are only "joining" the military for the free health care...interesting, everyone gets free healthcare except taxpayers!
Chucky, U will not make us pay for sex change - take it out of your pocket
Sounds good to me to pay for own healthcare
They don't give two dog shits about you just you ruining the country
Just keep making the country week so you can implant your sharia law. You do know you will lose your seat of power when that happens
Chuck hush. You embarrass me as a New Yorker. Go away.
You don't even look out for our own veterans as much as you look out for transgender you're a sick man
I'm not saying don't let them in but I'll be damned if my tax dollars and everyone else's is going to pay for their surgery
Why don't you marry a transgender Chuck?  Then you will  really get the votes.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck

Tax payers & military should not have 2 pay 4 SEX CHANGE SURGERY! 
If they want a vagina they can pay 4 it!
Can female service women get Free Breast Reduction or implants? Asking for a friend
They hide because they know they are going against the word of God do you think the military should fork out $ for special uniforms too?
Chuckie you cant hide a transgender they stick out like a sore thumb duh
Why is it the taxpayers responsibility to pay for these people? I have no problem they can live how they want why do we have to pay for it?

The military should not pay for gender reassignment surgery. Please don't act like you care about the people in the military, it's a lie.
Are you personally going to pay for their hormone therapy? I don't want to pay
Will u just stuff it already chuckles
So? My Army Soldiers have enough misery brought on by service to the country. How much is to much? Bullets flying everywhere!
So what you are saying is ANYONE with a medical condition can join the military so they can get medical care?
Good & they can pay for their sex changes we have no problem with that
So clueless.  The military exists to fight and win.  Not a social club.
Have you ever served in combat?
I was married to a Norwegian???
I salute you!
@dgorman52 @SenSchumer or lifetime of hormones
Obama had a no transgender policy for over 7 years and NOT 1 TWEET from you about it. Using this as anti Trump ploy.
Can't do that now. Too late. I see lawsuits.
VA medical care is meant for service-related injuries, not for a dude wanting a vagina, to allow would be waste/fraud/abuse
I have served with them. I have bled with them and they are better soldiers and marines than most.
LIKE MIKE PENCE, COME OUT OF THE CLOSET!
the taxpayer shouldnt pay for their transition or anything related to it. It's a choice to do it. They have to afford it.
As they should taxpayers should not have to pay for their sex change or care because they are confused
Chuckie where were you for the years before (7.5 years of his term it was forbidden) Obama approved Transgender into Military?
Studying your positions: Taxpayers should pay: abortions and now sex change ops. Let's add>nose job, tummy tucks, tush lift, etc. "20t debt"
Taxpayers already pay when they show up in the ER, uninsured, dick, cheaper and humane to cover them
It's not what we're talking about here Chucky
Choices politicians and their families have for Healthcare: Served Military-VA, 65 and over-MEDICARE, the rest OBAMACARE OR MEDICAID! DTS 

They should hide ! Their is no shame or morals in this country. If course you would know ALL about that . RIGHT Chuck !!
Sen., you conflate "medical care" w. sex-change surgeries and ongoing (life-long?) hormonal treatments at expense of the DoD budget.
Which is negligible compared to weekly golf trips, and what we pay Trumps properties every time he goes there. These are good soldiers
Yes but how are you serving if you need hormonal treatments! Do you stop fighting and risking others?
I am not trans gender. However, I have served with one that helped pull my unit out after an ambush and they served just as bravely as my mn
U do know u r only talking about 200-300 people in the entire military. I am sure this could be, and would be, addressed better by the mil

Switch then inlist
U must serve in military to have a say I did u Did Not military is not an incubator 4 congress experiments we need healthy members
What do his "generals" have to say?  Did they release a statement.  BTW, they aren't "his generals". He's a sick sick man
I was a D voter. They have now taken such extreme stances on issues that I refuse to vote for them. Your insanity caused Trump, deal w/ it.
I was a D to until 2011, then changed parties! Don't care for the fundamental changes or their catering to foreigners over citizens, etc!
Voted O in 08', no vote in 12'. The final straw for me was the demonization of law enforcement. Everything since has reinforced my decision.
This is the same stance President Obama had until right before he left office, why the outrage now? #tcot
Hypocrites is the democrats/ just to hear themselves talk/ obstructionist/ need I say more/ chuckie is a blabbering idiot
Please stand up for them to show them their bravery and wish to serve and protect the country is appreciated!
Are you standing with diabetics that want to serve?
So be it !
Sen. Schumer will you now advocate for Medicare for all?
There are many of us who stand with these men and women. We appreciate their service and will continue to do so!
You can discriminate against them bc not the "in" thing
Please expose the skinny bill and make a lot of noise #ditchmitch2020
The military code of justice is a congressional act and until amended Trump tweet does nothing but appease the Fredkm Caucus
Chuck is a do nothing career politician. #TermLimitsNow
If you have a medical need you are not allowed to serve. It's okay to discriminate then but not for trans?
This entire regime is pure evil! When is Congress going to put an end to it?
That's correct Senator-we American taxpayers do NOT want to pay for their Un-Godly indulgence and if you don't understand, resign,just stop!
Exactly Einstein!   Why should taxpayers assume the cost.  If this is really you doing the tweets then no wonder the senate is a disaster
You may not join the USA military, if: you have a zit, use certain deodorant, have blonde hair, watch tv, spend a lot of $...@cnn @AC360
#wethepeople should not pay for their

 confusion what's between their legs

I still only have two dollars no one proved

 me wrong
So you're against the Pentagon paying for Viagra?
Ok but did trump cut funds to ny?
Which is what they should be doing. People who have other health conditions that they can't pretend not to have aren't allowed in.
good
It's simply ridiculous to expect American taxpayers to pay for people's sex change operations. It is NOT an enlistment benefit! 
Let's get a bill passed to where you bozo's in DC have to use the VA Medical Care and see if you get quality care
...as the man who sits behind a desk in the oval office takes us backwards one more time why am I not surprised. Very disappointed
So, if you are a taxpayer, do you want to pay for somebody's sex changes? Ridiculous!
Hay Schumer, you whine like a little girl all the time. Ever think about working for the money we pay you?
Your guilty chucky you will be exposed soon
H, my Billion movement will Always stand up for me. #Tatiana
GOOD

It is ridiculous to expect American taxpayers to pay for people's sex change operations. It's NOT an  enlistment benefit! 
We pay 54 million a year for viagra for military.  I'll just leave that there.
Not to mention,  the trips to MaraLago cost more then we have spent of gender reassignment surgery.
What does one have to do with the other? You need to study some logic to make a valid argument.
If you don't understand the comparison.  Both gov spending.  Medical care vs golfing.  #Priorities!
