Which is why Republicans are slow rolling these investigations, they want some of that Russian action to get re-elected in 2018.....TRAITORS
Nobody & I mean nobody slow rolled investigations like the democrats did during the Obama administration. Lots of corruption there!
There have been at least 4 Reps heading Oversite Com during Pres Obama's  tenure, they had nothing aside from trumped up Benghazi hysteria
We'll see about that. A lot of inside people protected him but the truth will come out. His tenure was a failed one. Too PC to say right now
Your logic or tremendously lack thereof is FLAWED......
Typical progressive,only ur ideas & thoughts r valid. You should be ashamed that your group is anti-1st amendment. Shutting down free speech
Maybe the French will enforce sanctions on Russia maybe they just won't look the other way like  Trump administration. #realRussianconflict
Maybe he French will have more flexibility with the Russians like Obama promised them. That is where the real investigation needs to begin.
Ovomit tried to influence the French election. What a hack  Schumer! #termlimits #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
"democratic elections" in which THE PEOPLE voted for a president and people like you want to degrade & destroy us. You guys are isis!
At least the French press refused to print the hacked emails. Learned a lesson from our unfortunate election disaster.
Why is Trump still in the White House? #Impeachment  #EmolumentsClause  #25thAmendment #TrumpCrimeFamily
Representatives of @jaredkushner's family business are in Beijing today pitching EB-5 visas. It's $500,000 path to U.S. citizenship. 
The French were smart enough to see through it and do the right thing. Good for them!
Alt Left Obama was interfering with French elections and others, which you don't seem to have a problem with.
. We need to take serious safeguards against this in the future.Hopefully that will come out of this investigation.
Well Chucky what you gonna do to stop it? Announce more crying? You and DEMS are BAD FOR AMERICA . No solutions to problems just obstruction
Russia, Iran, China, N. Korea, etc, etc. They are all hacking US interests. We hack into theirs. Doesn't prove collusion or interference.
Chuckles Obama was one of the most corrupt admins next to Clinton! And to have Al (SNL) ask questions is funny. He's the face of the Dems. 
Time 4 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 2 put a STOP 2 the dangerous irrational actions of Trump Admin which puts USA at risk both at home & worldwide
So, Commie Chuck is complaining about commies influencing elections to defeat fellow commies? 

Hmmm... sounds like misdirection.
Chucky your so full of it!
@SenSchumer a is #FakePatriot #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits
Can y'all get over the Russian idea,dang just admit folks are tired of Democrats
Can you get over the emails?
Yes I'm over them Trump won lol
And America lost! And you still stand by a guy that lies to America all the time.
Lol yea if a Democrat got reflected Mexicans would have took over along with muslims.women would have to wear bathrobes every where
Wow you fell for the fear that Trump spews. None of that is true but we may be drinking a lot of Vodka soon.  Lol! Trust your liar
Just a smoke screen Democrats want to make it look like Russia help Trump but it's fake news cause they need an excuse why they got beat
I agree Russians are interfering with electionshow in the hell could we explain you being elected?
Don't forget Obama just influenced it with his own video. Democrats colluded to influence the French election.
Pls ask trump, trumps admin & the GOP under oath if they have ties 2Russia, business w russia or have been blackmailed by Russia! video it!
And did you comment on Obama spending $350k taxpayer money interfering with Israeli elections?
So they helped elect the French President as well? You live with less oxygen to the brain then most people do. should have run Sanders
Lets put the wall in front of trump tower"""lets get donations"wow""
Please no.more  there is no Russian influence   please find something else   you sound silly and desperate try to create fake news
Keep dreaming!
Why didn't the DNC allow the FBI to investigate the hack of there system?
Russia,  Russia,  Russia, give it a rest already!  You seen to know an awful lot about the Russians! Maybe just maybe your the special agent
if the democrats wasn't such a corrupt party  wouldn't have anything to weary  over emails or any other leaks coming out
Give it up already!
Shut up Chucky. No one cares what you spew!
CAN'T BLAME PUTIN FOR TRYING TO KEEP SORROS AND GLOBALIST HILLARY OUT OF POWER! I SAY TURN OVER SORROS TO RUSSIA! THEY DO HAVE A WARRANT!!!
Sir, U don't bode well 4 our democracy! Please, no more!
Yes #FakeNews be waiting to hear more from you sch
Of course, Russian interference in an election is concerning. Any country interfering with an election is concerning.
Senator, do you know Michael J Garcia?
If Russians did interfere they were unsuccessful once again. Also note that P44 also interfered in Frence elections
Why are they not questioning Trump under oath? Isn't he the star of the show. He keeps tweeting. Why not go to the source?
poor Chuckie he just cant get over the fact his party lost.
Not been proved Chucky!
If WE R going 2 criticize #Russia,Shouldnt WE stop doing the same thing WE accuse them of doing! #DC=#Hypocrites!
Democracy wins...because God is in it.  The man classic traditional won..  some people are a joke.  Democracy is not a joke.
Doesnt this make us #Hypocrites?#America's #CoupMachine: Destroying #Democracy Since 1953 @alternet http://ln.is/www.alternet.org/wor/Q2zFI … WE R no better
Of course no condemnation heard from the WH!  Allies should collectively launch a cyber attack to obliterate Russia's government networks!
go away...loser
Plz Paper Ballots! Lock Box for #Social #Security & #Medicare funds! End voter suppression /violations of Voting Rights via #crosscheck
You still SUCK & always well.
I'm am so sad that you are my senator
The guy won so I guess all that interference is bogus. Silly man. These catch words alt-right aren't selling anything but your whining
Your OBAMA sir got involved in French election publicly speaking on tv endorsing MACRON Putin didn't do that!!!
What influence Chuck.  Tell me .....tell me Chuck.   Is it The Russians again........????
Good to hear U.S. Senator talking about this.
U suck Schumer
Chuck u don't know shit stay out of it and work with Trump to make America great again!
How about Obamas interference in the French election? Russian? With all due respect senator, you need to seek professional help.
Lies again Chucky what you gonna do FAKE Tears again
Boy I just can't wait 
Factcheck:
Obama's @FBI says no proof of #TrumpRussia connection.
@CNN and @MSNBC #fakenews ignore FBI Proof of #ClintonCorruption
#libtard
The Russians have been trying to destroy America from without almost as long as you've been trying to destroy it from within.
Democrats are for: No ID. Illegals voting. Minors voting. Internet voting. Doesn't bode well for our democratic elections.
if they wanted to hack the french election they just had to say #lepen was man, they would have lit a fire up there ass, men men men men

I'm more concerned about your actions during the next election cycle. I can't trust you or the rest of your crime family. #termlimits
LOL!!!! Ole Chucky is at it again!
Do Macron won because Obama meddled or the Russians meddled or both?
With all due respect Mr. Schumer you are one of the most divisive and toxic people. Please stop with ur hate and start uniting
You as a Dem should be the last to be talking abt anything related to elections. You're a clown #TERMLIMITS
I am staying in this arena in engineering items. Physicians need more proper assessments, we have many talented ones in the US and NY.
Senate Banking committees did put items and terms for trade here in legal. Are these still available? Working documents in deals.
Even David letterman said nothing about Obama,  because afraid of surveillance. Having FBI sent after him..Obama attempted to lead with fear
Yet Russia has a long history of hatred and bloodshed to alt right Socialists. The notion they are joined makes no sense at all
Term economic transfer was mutually agreed upon in 1980 then segments and divisions needed to be monitored and done properly. Failures.
Wealth management divisions in banking called this wealth transfers incorrectly. They traded high end and proper US at low bargain prices.
Items and money and gold can not be transferred in these arrangements. It has to be done properly especially with US education.
This is not labeled immigration either at all. This has to be done at the deal table and in full knowledge of banks and wealth management.
This can be labeled economic segments. They are integrated into the economy, one has to then assimilate to linguistics/culture.
Counseling and therapy services are needed in full for the population. These are professional immigrations and integrations in.
Another item is linguistics and deep scholarly knowledge in them.
Artefacts are used to convey heritage and traded and then these are put into the culture so they should match overall academics as well.
What can you and your segment bring to use and these are our metrics. It's more education and knowledge and "health services" now.
What matters here more than money or marriage is the business deal. It's more important than items and antiques etc as well in trade.
Deutsche Bank was transitioning from mismanagement now for 15 years with 
Anuj Jain's attempts there as CEO and Chairman.
I recommend all use Deutsche Bank routes to begin for investments and all private equity and banking. Safest it seems in legal/insurance.
From US private banking to Europe is not a full NO. They need to assess better on the US into Europe. It's in process, military guidances.
And just ignore the haters @SenSchumer
My name, titled name, and birth name are sufficient in discourses across Europe and Asia still. I am using it in email underwrite.
My title UN Ambassador is the original wording not Goodwill but using 
UN Goodwill Ambassador reflects properly in duties and discourses.
I am concerned they are not getting proper legal items, archives stolen. When, it comes in they has to assess as well. Reason for me in now.
Please stick with this strategy, Chuck.  I'm sure it will work with the white working class voters.
I even keep a distance from it even with direct cousins still working and with my family in founder oversights.
Royals and their circuits and friends in Europe with Spain should not have bothered the bank to begin. It does not shift as they think.
It's BNP Group so Paribas would still exist within it to begin.Fortis also is still being incorporated into.It's a segment,BNPParibasFortis.
Get back to work!
If you need more items in themes such as this, I can actively give them. This is Comparative Politics and education from ground knowledge.
Did Russian influence get Macron elected?
Did Obama (US influence) get Macron elected?  Did US meddle in French elections? How about with Israel's election? Was admin spying?
That's the international relations world, it also impacts industry and economy of France. Again a rebalance in goods.

Uh... no... I never said such thing
This President and Prime Minister have their parties, they are mixed with Spanish and French then many types of arabs, already known.
Just say'n, Chuckles.
Yeah -- right, Chuckles. I'm sure Russians "Minders" in the voting booths forced voters to vote for Trump against their will last November.
Russia can't throw strikes unless they have a catcher.  Trump and his friends were fabulous teammates. We must have courage to vote smarter
Also, as usual you and your office are deep in politics lined with Judaism's conservative right wing also mixed with arabs, many types.
This is a unknown group labeling them Russian is still dangerous. What group name do they use? They use names in hacks.
The Russians hacked your butthole Chuckles, and it's a big one, with stink...
About Democrat operatives/media colluding on stories to air, questions asked. Lets not forget Donna B passing on questions before debate.
next time we may not get truth about "money laundering Bitx".Russians looking better every day. Its Femocrats that have a "truth" problem
They expected the hack & put in data they wanted released & did something to be able to trace & track the data. French media didn't play in!
So Obama is a Russian?
And how about Democrat influence, using espionage against citizens/ opposing parties. What shall we make of that Chuck?  Doesn't bode well
investigate Trump for his ties to Russia !!
I don't remember your response to Obama State Department direct meddling in Israel elections. Doesn't bode well for your whining now..
Do some work for a change.
At least the Chinese News is actually covering The Kushner's and their use of their Presidential connection. They are not happy.
Macron's team thought outside the box on hacking.
DNC strenuously avoids thinking out of the box on ANYthing.
Chuck, shut up.
I guess some just need their boogie men
Um... "Alt-Right" wanted LePen... soooooo Why so many excuses by LOSERS??? Just curious? A loss is a loss. Suck it up & move on to the next
get the 173 billion back from Iran with your speaker Obama. Us it in the USA homeless or health care .stop crying you did this
You want us to stop it?What are you guys doing up there besides raising $ for favors?
Well they hacked against the winner....so kind of kills the theory that alleged hacking cost Hillary the election. Will you be crying again?
Russia did influence our election and both Putin and Clinton lost.
Schumers a fraud. He Taxed the middle class right out of NY. Pathetic. People are mass exodus oyt of the area.

Effectiveness of hacking leaks, is directly proportional to the incriminating data in the hacked files.  Best defense: don't be corrupt.
Paper ballots now.
And democrats forget Sanders would have won the primary except Wassherman Shultz &the DNC stole it from Sanders. Who STILL WOULD HAVE LOST.
Please stop saying alt-right; they're white supremacists who are trying to rebrand.
Russians have been meddling for years. It did not affect the outcome of our election. HRC lost because she is corrupt & a lousy candidate
DT more focused on discrediting investigation than preventing further problems...sign of a guilty man!!
Since France & Britain are allies could we be looking at a International Investigation? Or could we please? #TrumpRussia
Hire better IT guys and pay them a lot. What is security worth?#NoExcuses
dear senator. the only way to combat russian attacks is, a coordinated & massive counter cyberattack on russia from EU & US
Chuck is lying again. No Russian collusion. Trying to keep fake story alive.
Russia?! Seriously?? Y don't we just pretend Islam doesn't exist & isnt creating havoc in France
#TrumpRussia cyber infrastructure still intact. Watch Special Elections! See: "BOT it's how GOP will retain control"
https://www.prlog.org/12630594-bot-its-how-gop-will-retain-control.html …
Give it Chuckles!  Russia looks at us we look at Russia duh.  Get to work and I don't mean more obstructionist work. Dork
You need to get over there and do something to stop them, maybe drop atom bombs on them nasty Russians or kiss them to death
Get over it Schumer, you lost the election because you put up a criminal candidate that people absolutely hated.
Its all bullshit and unhinged Liberal noise because they still can't believe they lost. Liberalism is CONTROL.
lock. Him. Up.
It's funny how the Dems use a topic like fake news and turn it around for their use. Kinda like they did with slavery
Where were you when Obama was speaking out supporting one of the Candidates?  Netanyahu supports Trump and u had a cow #Hypocrite #Garbage
Quit blaming Russia for Dims. problems! Look no further than your own backyard. We ALL ur Buddy, O., was into everyone's Elections & Biz!!
Power hungry socialists such as yourself do not bode well for our future elections.
If Gullible US citizens stop believing lies read some things our democratic elections would be fine sadly 1/4 of us are too stupid
If Twitter had a triple-digit IQ requirement in order to use it, there would be less people here than on MySpace...
Says #RealNews is #FakeNews to influence gullible followers for purely ideological reasons. Doesn't see the irony. #facepalm https://twitter.com/SenSchumer/status/861573020615311361 …
You forgot to mention the DNC on that list
Where was your concern when Obama tried to influence elections in Israel? Hypocrite.
Yes it is hypocritical, we accept stuff when we do it because politics isn't ethical. We don't accept Corruption of OUR election. Grow Up!!
please chucky no more later spare us
And we hear the testimony of Sally Yates.
Especially with a mental lightweight as @POTUS .
So are u saying Russians wanted Macron?
What democracy are you referring to? #unhackthevote has shown we are far from one. We have lost our democracy until the MAJORITY wins.
Air Head liberal. Pay taxes see how you feel then.
Are you working for the Country today? Or, your constituents? Or, the Democrat Party? Or, just resisting Trump? Pitiful!!
Why right fake news. The right is reporting just like the left. Sounds like Chucky is trying to do more fear mongering.
You didn't support Le Pen? Sexist!
All the accusations about Russian hacking, still not one shrewd of evidence.   Plus zero ideas if  how to stop hacking of emails. Why not!??
Seems like this tweet was prewritten and sent out assuming LePen would win.
Or it might be looking forward to future news.
You mean news created by manufactured outrage with zero proof?
Yeah, sure.
Look at the actual evidence behind the claims of Russian hacking, there is legitimately nothing there or that some middle of the road
I have.
And as with every other person that has actually looked at the evidence you have found no actual evidence just claims.
Have they? Are you in on the investigation.
Come on Schumer, it's time DEMS show the people what adjustments bode well 4 their ACA! DUH!
