Thank You, and how will you be screwing us this year?
Thank you Senator. you made a deal on DACA not sure I trust that because loss of healthcare will devastate my family. Y no deal on that
The two aren't mutually exclusive.
Enjoy swampking
L'CHAIM 

to you and yours
you too l shana tova
JEW S NOT FORGIVEN LORD SENT ME BACK MURDERS HELD ACCOUNT FOR Louise D MARION Louise y Rosemary. HIS HANDS have Holes still you not forgiven
Jews sent me back not forgiven government did again murders three Louise Dorothy deaden Marion mom Louise y Rosemary they did nothing
Not you Trump sins Trump you have to find remedy for. Not forgiven Lord sent me back not forgiven now much your soul 3 murders 3900 audio s
happy rosh to you and your homies.. for the resistance.
Why would you vote to increase military spending!? #ResistTrump vote no! #nomorewar
Happy Rosh Hashana!
Right back at ya!
People really love you, Chuck!
Some people don't even seem to care about the dark things you're involved in. Spy ring in congress? KIDS? ETC
Thanks! And to you too! Let’s try to make Tishrei, 5778 a year free of you making deals the with nazi @WhiteHouse
Ahhh, a break from your political bulls... to wish democratic voters a happy holiday that few observe.  How nice!
Pandering
Services only pragmatic licensee thru incr. insane competition unresponsive annoying not a benefit-power la dee da no relation to anml rts.
#CA #NY #MA GET 36% OF #OBAMACARE FUNDING WHICH IS WHY @SENSCHUMER AND @NANCYPELOSI WANT TO KEEP #OBAMACARE #CORRUPTION #REPEALOBAMACARE
Happy new year to all
#ProtectOurCare keep fighting Senator!!
Of course happy new year but it's hard to be happy when you're terrified
Follow Israel. Build the Wall. #MAGA  @realDonaldTrump
Happy new year to you!
But you supported Obama and the Muslim Terrorist Hamas against Israel, you playing both sides?
And you and yours!
same to u Chuck!
Jewish, Spanish, WHO ARE YOU?
Thank you! Same to you and your family!
My name speaks volumes
And, to you, Senator!
L’shana Tova to you and Iris

Happy RoshHashanah,may you have a beautiful productive year in good health.
to you and your family, enjoy
You got it! You realized that you & the rest of congress was only concerned about illegals & still are in California& fight a new wall
Please no Jewish jokes.
L'Shanah Tovah to you and your family
To you and your family too.


Fake news
And best wishes to you, sir, for a Happy New Year!
Waiting to see if @realDonaldTrump mentions it... So far, no.
Why would he, better yet, why would Chucky, he supported Obama and Hamas?
L'shanah tovah, Senator! May it be a good and sweet year for all.
Happy holidays but don't let them repeal ACA
Repeal and replace this failing Obamacare.
And to you too…plz help ur new bff @realDonaldTrump see how #GrahamCassidyBill would totally screw New York, his own state! #noGrahamCassidy
Thank you! Shana Tovah! 
Shana Tova to you and your family
Yes!
Mr. Senator, L' SHANA TOVA to you and your family.
Virtual pomegranate. May our future be fruitful. Happy Rosh Hashanah, Sir.
I take it you will be disavowing the attack by Palestine on Israel then?
And to you and your family.

No Democrat would protect Americans.
Dreamers r just like persecuted Jews in Nazi Germany say DNC Chair Keith Ellison.  Have u denounced this horrid comment or do u agree?
l'shanah tovah to you
You too, senator chuck.
Chuck Schumer, you are a fake suckup!
Sen Schumer L' Shana Tovah
Thank you, Senator Schumer.  Shana tova to you too!
Not as hostile as you. You're pushing to kill thousands of people.
That's because you are not competent to understand what is happening. But make no mistake - you're urging the deaths of thousands. Sick.
Those things aren't mutually exclusive. You are speaking nonsense and still managing to write it atrociously.
#LYINCHUCKSCHUMER LOVES PALESTINE.
Shanah Tovah to you sir
