I'd rather hear you and other dems publicly announce that he's unfit & get other's support to DO SOMETHING!
if HE is unfit then so is mccain, schummer, pelosis, warren and waters!
I don't follow your logic at all. That's like saying if someone is mentally incapable of handling a job, then everyone is.
not as much of a deep thinker as you pretend, huh? i block all libtards. BLOCK.
Block me too,dawhling,(my best New Orleans, drawl) cause listening 2 idiotic right wingnuts try 2 carry on a conversation produces headaches
Lol @Cie2011 
I asked her a question and got blocked. Too funny!
I'm telling ya, they are loons There should be some type of intelligence limits to vote If they believe in conspiracy theories,watch FUX=NO
President Trump fights 4 R country U try 2 tear R country apart U have no pride or solutions only obstruction resign now
So in what way has 45 fought for this country.  He has worn no uniform of any kind, people are still laid off from Carrier.  So how?
it doesn't take a uniform to fight 4 R great country. It takes patriotism and President Trump is certainly patriotic!
No he is not. He's #draftdodger #pussygrabber No he's never done anything for America. Russia yes, but not USA.
and how do you know this? CNN told you? you libs are insane and want our country to be destroyed.President Trump is trying to fix it.
Obviously you're a Fox News fan. Just look up his draft record & his pussy bus video. Look at the Trumps tweets. They tell it all. Run along
I am having so much fun tonight, blocking every libtard I can find! lol
Go ahead block me!
You will never be remembered as courageous for doing what's best for the country.  Mike Mansfield must be turning in his grave. Sad.
So the ? becomes how to keep the 2018 and 2020 election from being rigged Paper ballots saved France how do we make it happen here.
They're not hiding anything. Stop repeating Trump's tweets. Use your own brain&tell me where Trumps Tax Returns from 2006 on would be?
Because he's Putin's sock puppet and vassal. Just start slamming him. No need to be polite.
Not even a kiss or reach around
I believe in the Dem Party, our elected leaders, and our superior ability and willingness to always sit at the table and serve all people...
Obviously. Trump is working with Putin.
Hillary's emails Chuckie.... thats still the big story here !!!!
In other words, not trusting, or believing our intelligence agencies. There could be another reason, but we'll let the Sp. Pros. do his job.
Since he benefitted so thoroughly from the first interference, he wants further interference to occur. This is the most repugnant treason.
well as long as it helps 45 get re-elected, is all that matters to him.
Pretty sure that they are already interfering with now and the future holds all sorts of surprises.  Too much intrigue for me.
It's all a game for Trump....surprises and intrigue are fine for reality tv shows, not for governing.   #25AmendmentNow
It's not working, other than a temporary rally in the stock market.  The jobs were a PR stunt for his base.  He doesn't know a damn thing
about governing because the agencies are hollowed out.  We are in a crisis with N. Korea and the idiot has appointed an ambassador to S.
Trump's trade agenda will devastate AGRICULTURE, bone head.
I'm growing more and more disgusted (if that's possible) w/ #GOP "leadership" allowing this to continue at the cost of American ppl
Russia was not involved in Trump getting elected. DNC killed Seth Rich for hacking. Press is deepstate
And you know more than all the US IC agencies?
Exactly 3 agencies are supporting Russian rhetoric not 17 like they keep lying to everyone about!!
And Putin public kisses @realDonaldTrump ass to reel him further into his net. Trump either willing goes or is too ignorant of Vlads  games.
US is on a runaway train & it is going over the cliff. Each day new atrocities, insults, treason, idiocy, malice by DJT#DEMSMUSTSTOPIT!
No tolerance for trolls, especially blind ones. Blocked.
these where my Tweet s
The door is WIDE Open with Tillerson's announced plan at #G20 to work WITH Russia on CyberSecurity task force!THIS is TREASON in plain sight
Your blatant ignorance is pathetic! You have been CONNED!
Clearly you are not interested in facts! You watch Fox News & have been conned by the biggest fraud to ever step foot in our White House!
Senator, w/ all due respect, your recent tweets have been so weakly worded, indirect, & ineffective. Very disappointing from a leader.
Putin OWNS @realDonaldTrump Inviting Putin as he did b4 is the only way He Won
Putin denied he interfered in election. Trump believes him. In other news OJ is innocent
NOT "interference"! Attack, sabotage, act of war. Laying waste the decency we've hard-wrought since FDR/Perkins.
Also remember 2 weeks ago he admitted pubically "russia hacked election but didnt change outcome" his 180s r constant
Oh chuckles  complete colossal globalist agenda failure. For your bum. #MAGA 
By far one of the most uneducated immature post I have seen this week.
How much do you care to wager this genius spelled Angel incorrectly?

Either that, or you love geometry.
It worked for 45 once he needs help in #2018. He owes #Russia clearly! We need to change this or our Democracy is screwed!!
The real question now is what the Senate and House are going to do about it.  It's just too obvious. Do we really want a civil war
If republicans get some balls to do the right thing with trump an impeach him we made get out of the mess he put us in.
It's going to take much more than waiting for the republicans.  Enough is enough.
.@realDonaldTrump is not the sharpest tool in the shed, is he?
Wow, straight away with the personal attacks! Where's your PhD from, & in what field?  Mathematical Physics, The University of Chicago? No?
Oh dear lord, she's a statistician.  I bet she can actually do curve-fitting!  "business owner" bc nobody will hire her as an actuary. 

Oh so you think name-calling is OK then.  We'll just keep adding your name to the appropriate lists then, sweetie. 
Didn't Barry ignore Russia hacking? Killary had unsecured server,evidently not concerned.
No, he didn't ignore it
Sanctions, seizing the properties they were operating from and expelling their diplomats? 

McConnell also blocked going public.
That's a ridiculous argument. Nobody's saying anything about starting a war.

And again, you're trying to have it both ways.

Opening the door? Hell, he put up a "welcome" banner and balloons.
That's another of trumpf's problems. He spends half his time deciding and the other half deciding if his decision was TERRIFIC... the BEST
@POTUS Trump bombed Putin's Syrian bases & allowed our generals to threaten to shoot down Russian jets. Obama would've demurred to a latte.
That's the only way DJT can get elected! He knows it so he won't do anything about it.
They are purging voter rolls, while we Tweet.
They seem to be under the delusion that wins for the @GOP are the only thing Russia wants, as if that's the end goal.
What they actually want is an internationally weak America, and they have identified the @GOP as the party that can deliver that for them.
They don't give a shit about the "party of Lincoln". They want the party of obstruction, of anti-intellectualism, of chaos.
@NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr 
What are you going to do about it?
If we toss out criminals we would have to start with trump and his incompetent administration!  Can't wait for Mueller to finish the job!
I'm embarrassed for all of my fellow citizens, watching @POTUS refuse to participate in the G20. #45 spent our money to go kiss Putin's ring
Yes, but I'm not a Democrat. Seems the PhD in your handle would imply something beyond non-binary logic.
Get back. You don't know me like that.
Could you be confrontational with the man who gave you the White House?
Because they will take him out. They own him.

REALLY? Someone shld help America now! How can u work with Russia on CYBER SECURITY, when same Russia performed a CYBER war on US election? 
I think Putin demanded and got loyalty from .@realDonaldTrump today. He's  just kompromat in his hands.
If U r so worried have the DNC release the hacked server all talk no action Schumer = HYPOCRITE
Trump: weak, and NOT a leader.
@SenSchumer what are we going to do about voter suppression,Russian/GOP interference in 2018 midterms? They are not going away. We must act.
Voter from abroad registered in Orangetown thanking you for your tireless energy to make America great again! Keep up the great work!!

#25thAmendmentNow 
The DEMS never offer a plan of solution but only criticism, blame and finger pointing. Do your job! Come up with brilliant ideas. UR a baby
Why isn't the GOP doing those things? Do you support them anyway?
Both sides r too busy being critical and not working for us. If DEMS don't like what they hear they should offer solutions. Get Constructive
I support issues & not a particular party. Since GOP is majority the DEMS need to stay in the game & offer solutions. Work to improve things
Dude, McConnel was shutting out members of HIS OWN PARTY when crafting Trumpcare 2.0 never mind letting any DEM in on the planning
I don't hear any DEM shouting 'I have a better plan' if they did they would be in front of the media. The DEMS are dried out. No new ideas!
http://www.thedailybeast.com/the-gop-asked-hillary-clinton-for-a-health-care-planand-got-burned … Really?
I looked. All she said was there are still issues in ACA that need fixin. It's not a plan, it's a politician running for Pres. rant. No plan
So what are you and our elected officials prepared to do?
"Ryan & McConnell need to resign, they are both delusional"...there, I fixed it for you.

What did we learn about @realDonaldTrump at this #G20? @CUhlmann explains. #Insiders 
#WOTUS (worst-president of the United States)
#@POTUSPutinsBitch #TrumpTraitor Trump #TrumpCrimeFamily
Our president is a disgrace and a traitor.
Trump is buddying up with Putin before trusting our American IC. It’s a slap in the face to America and our citizens.
You criticize the president then you in every God damn party that he throws you need to stop the hypocrisy senator
I'm waiting !
Shed some tears cryaby Schumer.
You are talking about Obama, aren't you?
So when are the Dems going to grow a set and impeach him? Disappointed in my party.
You're seriously going to retweet this bozo?
We can't thank you enough Chuck. Thank you
I'm sure he slipped him his room key as well.
U must do yr damndest 2 #ImpeachTrump &stop trump care.Im lifelong Dem but sick of my party stopping short of the allout obstruction we need
Breaking:Schumer leads the loss of the election parade . Anyone who follows him or likes him is in denial of their own country. Losers March
Bye bye reelection! #Trumprussia #TrumpPutin #TrumpsATraitor
Don't bet on it.
Every person holding public office / serving we the people ought to be required by law to present their annual tax returns.
This is the only way by which we the people can hold the government accountable for the people. What do you think?
Why are you on #Twitter  and not doing something besides have interns tweet. If it's truly you, your wasting our money and your time.
you must not be versed in "Foreign Relations". If anyone knows how to broker alliances it would be him. @POTUS #mondaymorningquarterback
Im glad you tagged him in this tweet, but there is no chance he knows what acquiesce means.
A
Trumpie is counting on AGAIN getting help from putin. Let's go back to paper ballots! Not machines using XP techno - paper and compulsory.
Didn't realize you were in the room. Hope you enjoy your trip to Germany. Or if you weren't there, please shut up.

So what are you going to do as leader of the minority party?
Your Lying again he asked Putin twice did he interfere with our Election Ms twice he said NO if you ask more he walks out
How bout u talk about universal healthcare, supporting a living wage, cleaning up the toxic water all over this country?
#stopHim
It's already happening.  Putin is attacking at will and we're holding debates over fake news.
Really Chuck! how do you cross the street by yourself! Aren't you happy that there's not a minimum intelligence std to be a NY Senator?
$100 bucks says that @POTUS doesn't know what "acquiesce" means. Sad. Bigly.
Really? So you're going to believe Putin's people over POTUS people? Time to give it up Cryin Chuck.
Putin refers to his denial. His statement "I didn't do it." A denial is a statement. Sure Trump denied cheating on Ivanna.
Seriously is there anything you DON'T have an opinion on ?!?!?!
You were not even tbere nor were your lacky media friends. How about stopping the lying?
#APPEASEMENT
Lol! Too true!
So, when does the FBI get the chance to examine the DNC's email server? 
@POTUS
Looney liberals love to scare their masses over nothing burgers and the fish bite every time. That's crazy ness!
Don't forget the lovely warm back slap/rub he gave his bum chum Putin Chuck...
You notice he said "the folks back home" thereby leaving himself out and did not say "WE".
If Russian interference caused massive win for conservative Republicans then let's encourage more Russian interference. U R so out of touch!
Chuck you are real piece of work
Can it chuck
We wouldn't have this problem if you didn't cheat @SenSanders .. a Democratic party gave us @realDonaldTrump
The problem is that Obama chose to ignore it.
Really senator where where u during the last administration lack of action around the globe short memory ?
Pssst here is a secret - Russians are going to interfere & we are going to interfere in their political process. #getaclue #careerpolitician
What political process? Russia doesn't HAVE one. They truly don't.
Oh- you don't think we have "agents of change"  AKA CIA working there to overthrow Putin?
Mmmm, a nice thought, not likely. We can hope, though.
So you defend democracy by hoping we undermine the leaders of other nations?
Im stating a fact. If you don't believe this has been happening since post WW1 on both sides U need to read history or ur voluntarily obtuse
PASSWORD.
And why did the DNC reflect all the requests from the FBI for their server. You are right you Dems are tough on Russia. Remember Obama?
He loves him some Putin! Asshat!
...together, in a bipartisan collaboration stronger than we have ever shown!  The chasm between these "Divided States of Trump" needs to...
Question Obama why he did not do anything with Russia. 2012 elections failed Obama colluded with Russia, he will be flexible with Russia?
You sir are a Sen but you seem to be quite the dumb ars...
What are you and the Democrats in congress going to do about it?  Please included the entire #GOP.  Asking for America..#tweetsarecheap
Not to mention Trump want the Russians to "safeguard negative things, and Russian hacking".  This will probably include giving Putin codes!
@GeorgeTakei @POTUS Scary that it appears that flattery works so well with him. Can't handle the truth. #unpresidential
And please tell me he will be stopped from setting up a joint cyber security task force with Putin? That is the most idiotic thing ever!
You know better than that, @POTUS is closer to making piece then you think. You r anti-peace.
The ability of you and your squad to employ circular logic is helping fund Trump 2020. Should @realDonaldTrump be grateful? Maybe.
#LyingSchumer #DirtyPolitics #DirtyDemocrats #TrumpStrong #Trump2020 #MAGA
Isn't it time to get that bipartisan impeachment process going, before the t-rump family coup is complete?!  You're all accountable to US!
But hey, you can still party with him in the Hamptons right?
We liberals need to face the fact that the Dem's self-inflicted wounds and not #RussianHacking  are the real reasons for the election loss.

Did you decisively  confront him?
https://www.google.com/search?q=chuck+schumer+and+putin&tbm=isch&tbs=simg:CAQSmQEJ6zfabi2LL6QajQELEKjU2AQaBggACD4IQgwLELCMpwgaYgpgCAMSKNkfwhvYH9YfohvXH8YbpBvDG6YQwS7YOss-xTnOPsIuxC6gO8Y5xy4aMDuYGmuMyahzC2W4O3SMA_1b1jEtajHw97CKnQ63FVWaa_1nR1h3ZWjxiseELIdthTmyAEDAsQjq7-CBoKCggIARIEPmDaDgw&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj9g7eX3PrUAhUBfCYKHQuvDucQwg4IGigA&biw=360&bih=560&dpr=3#imgrc=9WcavetNmBmdjM …:
Trump is too foolish to realize that Putin will do to him, what he did to Hillary.
Beneath the surface Trump is a coward. He is that backstabbing person that talks tough until confronted and then becomes the grabbed pussy.
So true he would hide behind children to keep himself safe.
Prophet of the combined souls this is correct ! The most powerful to ever walk earth . Ever in human History
Yes he did, & because of his inability to separate his emotions from facts he is handicapped,compromised manipulated & open to blackmail
You mean "inviting" further Russian hacking in our elections & power grid--he is. But thanks for trying to be polite re @realDonaldTrump.
Blah Blah Blah
I told him to stop it
Schumer you are full of hate and violence toward President Trump!! Trump made America proud!
#fakenews schumer 
Well, it's you Dems that have to pressure the GOP to deal with him!
Did you hear that @realDonaldTrump ?
Podesta...is the Russian interference ...so is that whack job washerman Schultz.....you all need arrested...
Your reaction only proves your parties nervousness with the accomplishments Trump is piling up! #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA!!!
Mr.Schumer what is it you want @realDonaldTrump to do? you want him to start WWIII and then blame him for it. get over your party lost
What did you expect? He knew all along. Trump even said, "Russia, if you're listening, find the 30,000 emails of Hillary,etc.."
It's your President Obama that did nothing
please wake up about all this.
So the president should forget about resolving all other issues because Putin would not admit the Russian interference? More at stake here..
What would you know about dealing with anyone you POS All you do is criticize and obstruct the American people Fake Tears Schumer
Opening the door? I didn't know US intelligence was able to close it.
Rig one, rig another!
the event:
2: "You hacked USA and made @HillaryClinton lose" 
2: "Не нам, идиот" 
2: "Oh, OK " 
B.S. confrontation
Waiting for his press conference. Or maybe putin's will have to do.
Crying Chuck is a hypocrite and is just a male version of Pelosi.  In govt way too long. Divider, not a doer.
RNC's new bumper sticker:        IF YOU THINK TRUMP HAS PROBLEMS, JUST LOOK AT THE DNC!!!  Haha

Opening the door? Where have you been?
for future...
It appears that you Democrats knew enough in advance to handle the situation and did absolutely nothing. At Least @POTUS confronted him.
As a lifelong Dem, I am feeling like now is the time to choose our battles carefully. Yes, agree to disagree is disgraceful, but there are..
Work faster!!!
He DID confront him, it must be easy for you do nothing clowns to criticize hose who take action!
DON the con is on Russia's side. He's Putin's puppet. He's a treasonous traitor.  #russiagate #russiagate #russiagate
Because the Dems have been so on top of Russian intereference, or whatever you're calling it today.
We're you there?  Than you have no idea what went on
Svhumer was
Somebody needs to stop this white nationalism...this is scary stuff.  Why is the @GOP allowing all the dismantling of democracy.  Please!
Same reasons as the Dems? $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Cynthia I think I disagree on this 1. It's all about power & his narcissistic tendencies.Hell they arent even tendencies,he's a megalomaniac
Conceded!
Russia has been interfering in our elections for years and years.  Never heard you DEMS complain before! This is all staged by DEMS!
Why wouldn't he want more interference? This Voting Commission, joint Russia cyber group, more Russians coming in seems really suspect
He is at heart a coward , like all bullies.
God's man at this time.  Praise God
Hey Chuck
Wheres your statement calling out your pal DeBlasio for disrespecting NYPD & jumping on a private jet to join G20 ANARCHISTS??????
PLEASE  give it up!!!!I voted for you to work for us, get to WORK, Healthcare,jobs,infrastructure! I AM SICK OF THIS RUSSIAN THING!!!!
Has no choice.Putin came into the meeting with a dossier full of papers and some bank statements as reminders of how well they work together
No door needs to be opened they never left..!
Your constituents look up to you for truth & you continue to lie. Even fake news CNN admitted he was strong
Senior admin official tells me POTUS did not accept Putin claim of non-interference in last year's election.
Why don't have another donut with Vladimir you are a real clown nobody believes you anymore read your replies to your tweets funny stuff
Oh ya Chuck. You were there so you would know right? How did Obama respond to hacking discovered in Aug. of last year? That's the question
Why on earth would you expect POTUS to confront Russia on their interference? He owes them for the favor and hopes more of it to help him.
Where r those Repubs u said u would get in PA? Ur vision problems kept u from seeing that they became CONSULTANTS 4 THE DNC! RESIGN, SEN!
My, my, the troll army is out in force. Maybe rolling over for Putin was a little too obvious? Or Did the NYT article hit a nerve?

Obama was a pussy. I told him cut it out.
Than the democrats hurt feelings over election loss.
Trump opened door? OMG did u already forget HRC and her little server scam? Had to kill Seth to try and hide it.
Please stop him.
Treasonous.
How many intelligence agencies agreed russia hack the election oh yeah not all 11 but only 3
Crying  Schumer,
finally American have a People's Pres Trump who cares/patriotic Americans president unlike failed Obama who is rich now.
And contradicts his own UN ambassador in the process. #liar
Get a life! You certainly don't have Americans best interests at heart! Just another corrupt politician afraid ur corruption will be found!!
So if I understand what you're saying Senator, u r pretty much calling @RexTilllerson a liar? So you believe Russia?
Why are you making such stupid statements? Trump didn't acquiesce to Putin.
trump probably thanked him for the win.  trump is illegitimate and should be removed from office.
I agree. I think it's horrible that Putin placed Russian army on Wisconsin border preventing Clinton from ever campaigning there.
Not just open.the door, he gave them the damned key!He sold us down the http://river.how  long must we put up with this embarrassment?
Only an idiot would start a fight over msm pushed prapaganda. Why dont you confront Putin @SenSchumer or so you just cheer on the sidelines
The Russian's had no affect on the election. You know that. You listened to Comey say it. Get something done. #TermLimits
When are ANY of you going to actually do something about it!? Jesus!
Of course he did. In 20 years, when Russian markets are open and the US is making big money in trade, Trump will brag about his achievements

Obviously, you bow down at the altar of @CNN.  Dems are a cancer on America.
What's the answer to someone that believes our enemy and not our own people
@GeorgeTakei @POTUS Well he does need to get reelected after all.
SENATOR WHAT WOULD YOU HAVE HATRED !THE INTERFERENCE COULD OF BEEN ANYONE ;EVEN RUSSIAN ENEMIES! WHO WANTED TO LOOK LIKE A RUSSIAN TREAT !
