The only "racism" and "hate" being promoted in this country is by Senators like you and the protestors, Antifa and BLM.  
You are outa your goddamn mind !just absent minded ? Or indoctrinated completely?
No, just stating facts.  I might ask the same of you.  Wake up.  Do you support BLM? Antifa?
The emperor wants to rule with authoritarian racist hand , big recession coming if he stays as king
Wow!   You DO watch CNN!   
Go clean your room little boy.  Your thought process and racist comments have no place in my life
You do know the word "conservative" had the "conserve"? ........don't you ?
With all due respect Sir, what are you & the rest of your colleagues doing about it? Trump is clearly out of control, reeking havoc on 
To be fair, the Republicans control the House and Senate. Until 2018, we have NO control over anything.
True, however, every dem should be kicking, screaming & applying pressure, whenever, wherever & however. Times are dire. They must #ActNow
You've burned & destroyed millions in property, pepper sprayed, beat elderly & Vets, spit & tossed urine, who is out of control!

Bullsh*t! PBO was tasked w/a recession & turned it around while Trump was handed a growing economy. Be gone with this rhetoric. #FakeNews
She's quoting The Gateway Pundit so obviously wouldn't know a legitimate source of news if it bit her on the ads!
Feel free to fact check. If your only source of news is mainstream media then you are the uninformed, not me
As of tonight, I've given up hope. He's in power. He's not going anywhere. We are fucked, and I'm done pretending otherwise. Night.
I rarely drank until lately. Now I need wine to relax and be able to sleep at night. That's so fucked up.
Welcome to the club snowflake  what do you think we have been doing for the last eight years.
 was originally used for Confederates who put the value of white lives above black lives and fought to keep slaves. It's always been them.
Of course it has.
So not true!
He really has.
Well now that you tweeted about it, you can relax.
Arpaio Pardon shows "Contempt for Constitution" which is an impeachable offense - if the #GOP would EVER step up & put country over party.
Not so bad compared to these criminals.
#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion 
#TrumpMoneyLaundering
#trumpCrimeFamily 
#TrumpObstructed
#GOPcollusion
#PenceKnew
#RyanKnew
#Mueller
Any word on terrorist group Antifa or is it not politically advantageous? Racism is serious; shame on you for politicizing it.
When you have Aces! you always double down.
There is no need to build a wall the biggest criminals are being pardoned by trump. Joe Arpaio told Federal Judge he is above the law.
Oh please! Where was your outrage when Obama released the terrorists from Gitmo???
I live in Arizona these are my tax dollars being wasted. And I had the privilege of proving were I was born
muted reported have a nice day
You forget your meds today chuckles?
You must be sniffing glue! So full of crap! @realDonaldTrump does NOT promote ANY racism. #Hypocrite #ANTIFA are #Fascists
Sadly, many of us are not shocked by this or anything he does. #disgrace #gethimout
When you've stopped being shocked or disgusted by what he's doing, then he's won. #ImpeachTrump #Resist #trumpisaracist

You think he just might be violating his oath of office?
Give it a rest.
We can bitch all we want, but he is still there and nothing is going to change until he is out of there along with his cronies.  I am done!
U are the idiot who divides this country with identity politics.  You must think we're ignorant?  Thanks 2 Pres Trump, eyes wide open!
Of course he has. He acts according to what gets him the most praise for the least amount of effort.
We the people are coming
How? Please bring details, even if you can only don't 144 characters at a time. Your credibility is worthless without facts. #truth

Agonal breaths of a failed politician.
You need to be voted out  or thrown out Chuckie
Thanks for the continued reminders that you have Zero Functioning Brain Cells!
Like ur a unifier

We know that, do something. There is a reason why you are in government.
That's what I like about you Chuck. You never must an opportunity to lie or spread hate. You tow the party line with enthusiasm and delight.
Obama started ALL this.And You liberals are trying to pin this on President Trump?
Unification comes from the top.  trump bitch tweets from behind his computer all day, every day.
Exactly.  And see how well that works for him.  Is he solving anything?
So, what are you gonna do about him Chuck? Ball's in your court.
Perhaps you could do something about a rogue president or don't you care about America?
And any other tugs coming up in the USA
Rediculous comment.
WHAT WILL CONGRESS DO TO STOP HIM!?  YOU NEED TO TALK SOME SENSE INTO YOUR REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES!  PLEASE.
I'm 62 years old and @realDonaldTrump is the most divisive president of my lifetime
I'm 46 and the most divisive president of my lifetime was Obama, & it's not even close
He doubled his pleasure, pardoning a racist and letting everyone in the Russia investigation know he will pardon them. GOP step up!
Lies Chuck.. it's what liberals and Dems pedal with the MSM propaganda. You will lose more seats in 2018.. country needs leadership. #USA #1
What a lie an insult to the American people
Is how he got rich, picks over the carcass of chaos, a vulture.

have you denounced #Antifa yet
You know this is only a signal, right? A sign to those being questioned and subpoenaed that they'll be pardoned. What do you plan to do?
Senator Schumer, what steps are being taken to #ImpeachTrump, & end the treasonous TrumpRegime?
Same steps as Hillary Clinton. Those seem to work for you snowfall s .
Don't think of us as snowflakes falling gently, rather imagine a cloud of arrows raining from the sky.
I'm not a big Trump fan, ChuckYou, but that remark is pure bullsh*t. Have you no shame?

#TCOT
You have no reason 2b ashamed when you speak truth. Ur t 1who sld b ashamed. Ur kids  as http://well.You  can't corrupt them all.
GOP ! Trump must be impeached asap! He is tearing the very fabric of our Society! Please do something!
Bull Shit! Out of a liberal!
A reminder of the shameful and shabby excuse of a "man" you support.
Do u really truly believe that it takes to sides to have a fight just look at boxing. Have u truly forgotten the spirit of bill of rights
Good point James but in boxing both sides are fighting, at least at the start.
Better analogy might be, uh.. lynching. For example.
Boxing was poor choice of sports how about chess
Chess.. hmm.. still two sides tho. #Charlottesville was about one side doing bad things to another. 
In sports.. I know! How about hunting?
Look charlottesville was about in action. 1st amen grants right to peaceful legal protest 2ng grants right to defend self both sides armed
Both sides at fault time to start thinking logically k.i.s.s.
Perhaps it's time for a massive voter registration campaign. Let's be ready in 2018.
Good ole CHUCK YOU
please work with your colleagues to #25thAmendmentNow
It takes two years to investigate before impeachment proceedings can occur.
exactly why we need 25th!
How can he be declared unfit? What is your legal basis, psychologically or physically?
he is completely unhinged.
White supremacists make up less than 1% of American Population. You Chuck are the 1 keeping the nation divided.
Chuck, 45 is a danger to our Country and everything we stand for.  WHEN will you start SERIOUS convo with GOP for #25thAmendmentNow ticktock
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @Scotus donald j trump is paving the grounds for a coup d'état against our Republic. So are we still debating?
The only coup is the one happening against our elected President. I hope you are on the side of America.
I don'e believe in bloodshed. My country's wellbeing and HER sovereignty is #1. That's why we must get the Russian mole out of People's WH.
The best way2 protect the sovereignty of US is 2 dissolve the Democratic party. No foreign gov could ever accomplish what the Dems have done
Whigs, Bull Moose, Democratic-Republic are all parties that dissolved without bloodshed. When you are hurting America you have to go.
Then let's get rid of the party that stained our White House with a Russian mole and his thugs. There's no party if there's no America.
Moles are getting weeded out.  The swamp is getting drained. Trump's actions only benefit US. Russia is not being helped. Don't fall for it.
Chuck, as usual, you worry about your own skin.  Term limits, and you'll be out of a job soon.  End of discussion!
So what will you do about it, Senator? #25thAmendmentTime
Such a sneaky move by Trump to sneak Arpaio pardon in amidst the country's hurricane tragedy- #nodistractions WE NOTICED @realDonaldTrump
Not sneaky. Cowardly and cruelly. Delivered under a cloak of life-threatening hurricane, he pardons murdering monster.
The Democratic leaders, Schumer, Pelosi, Waters, have proven to be the fuel for hate and violence in America. With disregard for safety.
Dems in Congress must get more aggressive. Our country is running out of time with this psychotic in the WH. He is destroying the country!
Obama invited rioters into the WHITE House after they destroy many people business destroyed. and trashed police.
What are you doing about it?
Lies.
Do something about this!  We can't take much more!  Thank you,  America
you are the white supremacist who supports antifa and black lies matter who has done the violence and hate.Stop funding antifa and BLM
Just making shit up Chuck huh. This is how you personally choose to unite?
But hey Obama Pardons actual criminal drug dealers, who then go on to murder. Where is  you outrage about that? Have a word with yourself.
Keep up the BS, Chuckie. Stop being part of the problem and be part of solution. D.C. Is broken and you're part of it. Fix it. #termlimits
Who did Obama pardon? Politicians are ridiculous.
Cut the crap Chucky! @TheDemocrats founded the #KKK
Bla, bla, bla 
Just stop..you're starting to bore me to tears. 
#NotFakeTears
Now he's mulling taxing our 401K's up front & removing tax deductions for Mortgage Interest & State & local taxes to fund elite tax break!
When the hell is it going to stop? Enough is enough, get him out!!!
Yes, Trump is awful. Now, you show some leadership and present positive programs to improve the nation. Don’t just criticize, LEAD!
Obama pardoned killers & felonious criminals -Arpaio was enforcing federal laws that Obama holdovers refused to..
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Why do you hate the country that is given you so much? All you ever do is divide us. Demonize anybody who disagrees with you. So hateful.
This pardon is a cover showing Mueller you can't touch me I'm pardoning all your suspects so you have no power!! See

Stop w/ur lies + divisive rhetoric.We're tired of it.Prepare urself 4 retirement.U won't get another term.U work 4 us but ur not working!!
https://mesg.ebay.co.uk/mesgweb/ViewMessageDetail/0/All/89540635009 …

You are ignorant our president is not racist he is not KKK he has disavowed David Duke going all the way back to 1989
You support black lives matter and anti-fa and black supremacist The president called these groups out also because they are violent
Stfuchuck
Ridiculous
IMPEACH HIM NOW !!!
@LeftonPost Why're you politicians complaining about this maniac, get rid of him. He's not playing by the rules, why should you!
Not to mention encouraging utter disrespect for legal process
Listen to what he said, Schmuk
B4 making such inflammatory statements u need 2 provide proof. When will U speak out against antifa violence? Oh wait they vote Democratic
He wants a war in his name. Thinks himself that important. Only thing he has 2 contribute is chaos, hatred. Followers thnk he cares abt thm.
No he hasn't!! stop spreading lies Chuckie we see through your bullshit !!
You &your pack of useless dem colleagues are doing more to destroy this country than anyone. Your incessant spewing of hatred for our@POTUS
Liar liar Schmuck! You and the Dems are the divisive ones! Obstructionist, nothing more. To you, make America great is a bad idea. Wtf?
When has your party tried to Unify. Chuck please get over it.
Yeah Chucky, use it as a political soap box! While you're up there let's talk about the 1900+ federal criminals Barry boy set free!
Senator, it is time for action.  @realDonaldTrump is a danger to America and must be removed from the Presidency.
No he has not! Stop making up lies! He has talked about nothing but unity  and denounced hate! Cut the bullshit!
Absolutely.  But I am wonder if he knows how to unify the country.  It is apparent to me that he enjoys working in chaos.
And for me the chaos is just a smoke screen to keep ur eyes off what is really going on.
You might want to look closer at this situation. #JasonKessler  #CNN 
A DEMOCRAT

Femocrats are sadly doing the exact same thing as GOP did to Obama ,instead of taking care of thier citizens,they just argue about Trump,Sad
(Democrats)
Senator, you truly are CLOWN as POTUS said. Your hateful party is dividing country w violence by fascist group ANTIFA
Please #ImpeachTrumpPence
What if crock of crap you are spewing.
The Right says the Left has no plan. Nancy, Chuck and Maxine beg to differ. This is their plan: "A Better Way"  for who I ask?
Time @TheDemocrats start shaming #GOP 4their silence & compliance -not just Don this is #RepubliKlans if they stay silent-make them own it
Talban 5 
Abdul Haq Wasiq
Norullah Noori 
Mohammad Fazl 
Mohammad Nabi Omari
Khairullah Khairkhwa-what was obama encouraging here,terrorist?
Well then do something about it invoke the 25th Amendment As Trump is unfit to be president do your job that you were hired to do
Represent the people that voted you in not the money and everything else that goes on in Washington please get him out
Oh, Senator, you and @SenFeinstein are white supremacists too! Look how you keep so many enslaved by your social programs, Slave Owners!
Seriously, stop! Just get to work and move country forward!
He's so divisive.
Senator,
Be an example and start unifying the country starting with u!
Until you condemn the racists in BLM & NBPP.  Don't forget the fascists in Antifa!  Your acts prove how much you hate the US.
That may be, but their family and neighbors will discourage it. It takes a village to fight back against racism.
yeah keep trying to lie out your ass.. you're NOT winning in 2018 or 2020 so get over it
shut up joker
Tripled, quadrupled, quintupled...it's hard to keep track.
Trumpsbeen trying to unite n u n yourdestroyers are all out to hurt people why don't u and the dems unite. I hope u all lose all your seats!
Get a life Chuck! Better yet a new job!
Exactly....get this guy outta office...doesn't deserve to be president

And what are you doing about it.
You are a partisan hack and an inveterate liar. One would have to be a fool to believe your B.S.
What's congress gonna do about it Chuck? #ImpeachTrumpAndPence
Fake news ! In stead of badgering President Trump.. do you job Schumer!!! Your constant bias rhetoric is pathetic !!
More bull crap from chuckles!!
Sen Schumer enough talk..What are you going to do..No Wall. No Funding.
What the hell r u talking about!
More like dodecatupled down...
Probably same amount of white supremacists as there is Black Panthers. Quit dividing the country Chuck. You are on the wrong side of history
Give it a rest, Chuck. It's you and your lying rants that are dividing this country because #Democrats can't win any other way.
UChuck r a divider your party is the slave party shame on u4 continuously telling lies leave our Pres alone do u not get it we r done withU
DT wasnt my 1st choice. After DNC/HRC cheated I voted DT. I like that he is sticking it to the political insiders. Best election ever!
#ImpeachTrump
What will you do to bring Americans together? No bs slogans please. Call a march. Offer a day of action.
STOP! You lie every time your mouth opens CHUCKY!
And u r twisting actual facts & using ur position 2 further divide our ppl on purpose 4 political purposes. Ur a lier & a promote violence.
How can you sleep, at night?  You're such a LIAR!
Oh yeah? Where?
He is a disgrace. To give a pardon to a man who treated immigrants like dogs is as low as a President could go.
I think you are speaking of yourself and your friends.
Ironic, it's you & your slimey ilk that is trying to divide America like we don't see it. you don't give a shit abt Americans just $$
I don't think any reasonable person ever believed Trump's lies on the issues of unity. From day 1 he has been the Great Divide just look & C
@SenSchumer the Nazi kkk White Supermacistes Antifa Blm Hillary buttwipe 
Damn Boy U Now have ur CORRECT NAME 
UR WELCOME 
Instead of GROWING UP and finding ANSWERS Dem leader has nothing worth while 2 say other then play RACE card... well WE have a Trump card
Swamp Leader!!!
What are u going to do about it? You have tried nothing so far and things are getting worse.  Think we should just vote all of u out.
Do something about it then! #ImpeachTrump
Where have u been?Enough is enough
omg you're right chuck the supremacists are here in NYC knockin on doors recruiting!! come home!
POTUS has been stuck on stupid...don't expect any changes!

Keep playin' that race card. Hillary used it with so much success that she became your constituent.  Lol.
You are the most hypocritical senator in the IS Senate
Seriously
Liar.
Democrats need a charismatic leader now who will call it like it is: Trump is a w.supremacist, nazi-hugging, neo-fascist conducting a coup.
The lies you spew! I pray the next lie you tell it explodes your heart causing sudden death!   urblessedw/the curse. ur next schunny
