In big cities & small towns throughout America, we honor our fallen veterans & pay them tribute.
May we never forget their sacrifice so that we may all enjoy the full blessings of liberty.
YOU APPARENTLY DID AND DO
you have allowed our brave men and women to die while your union friends neglect their duty at the VA. You gave them bonuses. Look in Mirror
Race baiter stop the hypocrisy! U never shed a tear 4 any of our fallen soldiers. You have more allegiance 2 refugees than a US fallen hero.
they need remember they are here because of the brave who faught  for them so disrespectful
Did you serve in the #Military  Chuck?
ALONG WITH OUR POLICE, FIREMEN & WOMEN, FIRST RESPONDERS AND MORE
They are not fighting for the agenda the left has to turn this country into full blown socialism.
The Obama regime did not respect the military, they hate veterans, never fixed the VA on their watch, total failures
Here we go....haters come in from drinking their pus light....you repugnants are really POS..
The only purse is in the brains of those destroying cities and blocking free-speech destroying personal property blocking freeways
The only good thing that came out of your mouth in decades. Don't let it go to your head, u still suck @mfay1957 @Jeanette9399
And yet... those words coming from YOU are hollow.  Unfortunately, we have to question the sincerity of your every word.  #BullSchumer
Remember? The Dems did NOT look after the Vets. Disgraceful After 8 years their hospitals are in a terrible mess
Then maybe you should respect our borders and protect it as well you treasonous snake.
Yes, a nation you are trying to ruin.
You killed vets in VA scandal! You care nothing!
What do you care? Schumer you have done nothing for vets & oppose everything Trump tries to do to help them in the name of partisanship!

This Memorial Day please remember Donald Trump once evicted a disabled US Veteran because he had a therapy dog-court docs below. #TrumpLeaks 
at least half of them, from what I can tell over the past decade, sold out and are in defense of Russia instead of our own nation.
Right as long as they agreed with you
That includes sovereignty, Chuck
Tax plan not going to work , they have been trading how will American people feel when our economy collapses Because democrats
Of its jobs   Standing in world and weakened us militarily ,we are getting pushed out of ecerywhere . Meanwhile they want us to enforce
Merkial has been trading with him also ,every time they met for minisk agreements ,,reinzi same thing . Obama knew he drained this country
Resist resist , Obama destroyed this country ,sanctions don't work when in past year France increased it investment in Russia over 40%
Finally, your not talking giberish.
Awesome Chuck !
Just found out that it is the democratic plan to recruit VETS and Armed Forces for 2020 hope it backfires on you all You are not concerned
I know this won't last long it never does we don't see eye to eye on everything you do or say Just letting you know I will be back to myself
Well said. Now next week remember to DO SOMETHING TO STOP TRUMP, his toadies & the mercenary the tax cut/healthcare bill in the Senate.
All due respect, pls remember those who still serve & come up w/ a plan to finally get completely out of #Afghanistan & #Iraq?
Epic takedown here Senator - http://m.spiegel.de/international/world/a-1148471.html …
Your a big liar that lies to your teeth senator like your Hillary smeagol that trying for that ring/presidency. Both pathological liars!
One way to honor them, is to take the power of war out of the hands of POTUS. Another, stop making vets, promote peace.
If you really cared about our country you would focus on taxes healthcare jobs immigration stop the obstruction
Keep it up Chuck and you will have completely sold out our country and created a class division that will not soon be corrected
liberal progressive Dems like you loathe the military,so pathetic to pretend,we all know the truth from your past actions
Donald J Trump ruined my dinner and memorial day.
Paraphrasing a republican president that your own party tried to illegally overthrow because he opposed slavery... interesting.
Seth Rich RIP
No Veterans are interested in your comments. No respect for tiny men.
Just to give you the freedom to lie, cheat, and steal.
What if they voted for President Trump, do you still care for them?
REMEMBERED ALWAYS #missing #lovedones #heartache #lost #rememberedforever #peace #love
Our nation not yours
Then remove the Orange baby who hands US intel over to dictators and thugs.

Put a sock in it Schumer. If you cared, our VA would be a world class healthcare facility. So save your fake praise.
You are satan disguised as a pickle salesman
You become smaller everyday.
Your are right. Wasn't that a beautiful tribute that President Trump gave today at Arlington National Cemetery?
Happy Memorial Day - you are a True Patriot! 
GOD BLESS THEM ALL.
Mean while Steinle Shaw, open border??? Prep your speech for dead??? O ri poor, piss poor bum???
Schmucky,your lack of sincerity regarding veterans is appalling..you commenting on veterans is insulting to every service member and veteran
And for eight years The Obama regime show little or no compassion for the veterans by re-organizing the VA when you had the power to do so
I, wife of former Vietnam veteran, myself working for Boeing , U sir have stirred up a phoney Trump intel story- making our intel look silly
Then remember them by building up defense which you shamelessly oppose such a fraud chuck
Just for you to fuck it up in order to appease those that have chosen to kill the children of the free. You are the biggest fraud in history
AND COMMIT TO ILLEGALS OVER VETS. DEMOCRATS GIVE LIP SERVICE
FROM ANONYMOUS SOURCE: " SCHUMER IS ALCOHOLIC N DRUG ADDICT"
Yes remember them and their sacrifices as you do all you can to destroy our nation.
The New Harry Reed of the donkey party trying , desperately trying to lead the Ass party. Chuck you were much better at being quite!
Under barrack how hard did you work at fixing VA hospitals?
I can't believe @SenSchumer your Twitter account is still active, despite the fact that 99% of the comments are negative!!!
On this sacred day let us remember this commander in chief did everything possible not to serve.
Vive le resistance! #travelban #Backtoworksenator. You speak w/forked tongue, has Liz, @SenWarren, ever said that to you? Riiiight, not Indn
It has nothing to do with you Schumer it's a hundred percent about us and you're not listening
What about some of those same men and women who are how suffering with mental illness and are refused Help. 
Where's the True Honor. ?
Actually, the day to gripe about that is Veterans's Day! tRump should luv today b/c w/VAs 'the claim dies with, the veteran' might save $$$
Our nation?You mean defending Israel & Saudi Arabia.
Support doesn't always honor the sacrifice of those who died giving their lives for freedom.
Every chance you get Chuck u spit on the graves of USA fallen from 911 back to our Revolution turn coat sell out
Trump had a bone spur. He can't remember which foot. Sad!
Two faced Sen Scumer
And we don't want our men women and children to lose their lives now because liberals don't want our nation to b defended from terrorism sir
It's days alot about a person who says "we" like this instead of "I" like someone we know who tends to make everything about themselves.
Coming from Mr No-Borders it means nothing.
So, this is one of a few days of the year that you "act" patriotic. Thanks Chuck!
Thank you for your public service
Try to remember that they did not do it so men could use the ladies room.
Chuck 2 FACED Schumer, he's the best at it.
...only to be left turning in their graves to see @TheDemocrats piss is all away in attempts to advance socialist liberal agenda.
you mean a agenda that provides a livable income, taxing those who can afford to pay more; taking care of aged,disabled, vets; healthcare 
To save our Christian nation
Oh stop that holier-than-thou bullsh*t. Mary and Joseph were immigrants. Jesus was a Middle Eastern Jew. Drumpf's G-Father was deported. 
Remember our heroes of the past and today .They put country first. They gave thier all.

Then men and women of military Past and present don't need ur disrespect ...
we are now faced with a crisis of democracy of grave proportions, and it remains to be seen if our country can recover
Oh boo hoo... .. we go thru this crap each and every Presidency. How silent are millions on Hillary corruption.Who deletes 33,000 emails?
Or gets questions from a news organzation .Bernie had no chance because ur democrat party conspired against him.What country does that?
