Um, Chucky, you're the one who moved...to the extreme Left.
Democrats rejected Sanders/alt left. We're not socialists. Never will be.
Denial - Nature's Safest Space.   
Hasn't worked for you. Ur scared every minute you breathe.
Jailing, deporting & walling off  ur competition isn't capitalism. It's communism. Ur 2 weak 2 compete.
excuse me but those 3 concepts equate to criminals and illegals to regular folks..
You want forced welfare. We get rid of quality to hand you a job.
Won't work tho. We're not hiring you. Republicans are unemployable w/out Government.
your party lost but you said trump need to work with you.  Wow only in Congress
They all need to relearn that compromise is essential to getting things done. SICK of extremes!
there is only one extreme in power here, that's Freedom Caucus.
I was surprised at the freedom caucus
Freedom Caucus ~ KKK.
We need to get a list of them & start their downfalls on social media & with friends.
no he didn't go so far right...you just want to cry about losing election and burn down the house...shame on you.
you should feel ashamed of yourself talking this crap. As if the democrats don't govern from the far left?
The Dems resistance is destroying the democracy for the people. Do your job.
lies..you knew  in November you were against him soo this is BS. Put your ego & pride away..
Schumer why do you crawl back under the cow pie that you came from
hey Chuck, what haven't you run for President. apparently you think you could do a better job.
@POTUS hasn't moved anywhere. Right where the voters elected him.  Work with him or step down.
As opposed to Captain Teleprompter who was far left from the beginning.
your to damn bitter over losing to work with him how old are you chuckie hilary lost stop crying get to work for us
Of course you can't work with him! If you did you'd have nothing to whine about and no one would interview you!
that's your excuse! To NOT do your job! Now we see how corrupt the Dems are thank you!
If that was true Chuckie Obamacare repeal would hav passed Ur lying 2 Americans b/c U r a left wing nut commie
You are so far to the left that it is impossible to work with you. You are as evil as Harry Reid!!!
ya ? If lower taxes , fixing obomacare, safer borders and vetting refugees is way far right then ok CHUCKIE
/ As was GOP unable to work with obstinate Obama.
Trump can't be that far right. He's starting there to negotiate. Go hard left and negotiate to the middle. Life is in the middle.
.
You had no intention of working with him on anything. Childish
I agree. I also think Trump is out for his own interests and those of the rich. He could care less about his supporters
No surprise to me fellow Democrat@SenSchumer. Keep up the good work!
You wouldn't work with anyone, quit lying.
Chuck moved so far to the hard Left that he doesn't even know where "Center" is. He's afraid of corruption exposure
I used to like you till YOU moved so far left !!
it wouldnt matter where our President was, right or left, u wouldnt work with him.,u prefer media attention & chaos
Schumer like the Pharisees who persecuted Jesus for miracles on the Sabbath. Using rules & procedures to hide truth
,
This guy's a loser and a liar
That's because you have moved so far left you are #Socialist. @SenSchumer has been impossible to work with for years! #LIAR #PoliticalHack
exactly. grace a bannon, sessions, flynn,  and gorka
*Actual American GOP* can find Democrats right where they left them. Press ignore on Freedom Caucus and Trumpists.
Sadly, "We the People " are the ones getting hurt because the Dems are now the party of No. May G-d Bless the USA
Remember the GOP has a majority in both houses AND POTUS! It will take time & concessions to regain trust.
All true... I will 
 add that they are very well paid including a great Healthcare. We are the ones who suffer for their gridlock ..
Hard right?!  Hardly.  He's the first President to support gay marriage on day 1 of his presidency.
But, but, but....
Extremists are to be avoided at all costs, right Trump?!
@ABCPolitics @SenSchumer We the People want nothing to do with the demorcratic party the way it is now!
The republicans are doing a real hangup job, tho, huh?
Trump is a populist...no deeply entrenched ideology
Actions don't support that. Billionaires in key positions have self interests, not ours.
if a man has a lot of money he must be bad! Err something.
Not at all. But the reverse is also true: if a man has money he must be good. Wrong.
You just can't see him from where you are on THE HARD LEFT. You have no interest in middle ground compromise!
Here's a clue> YOU LOST we don't care and we don't want to listen to your drivel
He won't be available to work with much longer Senator
If Jeadus Christ himself told you there was no collusion with Russia you wouldn't believe him. Discusting.
Yes and you are so far to the left can't work with you and your possy. I
you and your girlfriend Amy Schumer are both ridiculous. We're sick of you liberals
good quit and take looney Pelosi with you
Isn't it time for you to retire? Just go away soon since the only thing you want is to continue to hurt us.
Good luck in your new job. You will be voted out.
dems, the cry babies won't work with the president. You all are a disgrace!
ur full of 
He is out of touch and maybe senile. One thing is for sure he represents EVIL not the taxpayers!
You dont want to work with him Chuckie. You made that clear day 1.
How about you all quit the political crap, and start working  together to make the country better.
he's not far right he's pro American not pro BIG GOVERNMENT something you live for DRAIN THAT SWAMP
No Chucky, he very vocally explained his position and what he planned to do. You people only hear what you want to.
it's not impossible for you to work with him - you won't even try & you know it. Think of the people not yourself!
Don't blame the President Mr. Schumer.  You would fight Mother Teresa tooth-and-nail if she were President.
Work with @realDonaldTrump N @SenSanders to get the PPLS agenda passed. Stop catering to insurance companies!
Do you really want to because you should. Lets see if you will. We are watching. We know you are all corrupt so...
Fear mongering violent Looney left democrats!
oh pleeease...he did not. U are so far left that unless he wants socialism, u will fight him! And we will fight u!
be honest. U are so far to the left no one can work with u!
lie and tweet, that is all this low life does, only interested is his own self.
I'm suspicious of the obstructionalists. They seem afraid of something. I do know surv. and pedo are being exposed.
I swear you must be smoking something Chucky! Trump's doing what he said would do. You're busy meddling and crying.
apparently, @POTUS responds to "fake news". Try working thru CNN... Tis a joke but bet you would get a response.
Far Right = Christian Caliphate. Far Left = Diabolic Caliphate. Neither serves humanity any justice.
both far Left and far Right are no different than the Islamic Caliphate they oppose.
thats nc they put him in office
Chuckie @TheDemocrats are so far left they are not even a national party any longer... West Coast and Northeast.
@kurtnorman4 the man doesn't know left from right, or up or down!  Out for himself only, not the rest of us!
And you don't want to @SenSchumer.
may I add that biz @realDonaldTrump does do is not so ethical and American.  How does he think to be a President?
because Trump has no clue, no expertise in doing this kind of biz.
He was always extreme right. His extreme hatred of President Obama and his extreme narcissism brought it out!
..It's really disheartening to see how uninformed so many Americans are today.  Thanks 4 all u do, Sen. Shumer!!
@ I,  and so many others in America, support your knowledge & perseverance.  You have always supported America!
@ABCPolitics @SenSchumer Come on now senator, don't tell me he conned you, too. If so, you should be ashamed.
you won't work with anyone on the right side of the aisle. Go Gorsuch!!
all you have to do is try ole chuckie, just try!
You think you and the left dont know what work is . You all have been puppets . Still are
The minute Trump took office Dems went on attack divide lie mode making it impossible for him to work with them.
please resign now
is a LIAR! He lies when he says Dems wanted 2 work with Pres! Some didn't even attend inauguration! Such LIARS!
Wrong
Trump is attempting to move at a very fast pace thereby inviting errors, omissions, legal issues. Tortoise & Hare
Your so far left Bernie calls you you for socialist ideas
Schumer, you lie again! Democrats would not agree to a health care bill that was almost identical to Obamacare!
oh yeah. Because you're only moderately to the right. Remember Chuck 3 rights make a left.
and you haven't tried either have you
@Joeyswife @SenSchumer yeah, he's doin what we want what he said. Big child sen.
actually Many said tried to negotiate but every time compromise Dems move the goal post more more more takes 2 
??????
good he doesn't need you
Listen America lies from Schumer! Democrats boycotted at inauguration! They have no intention to work with Trump
its impossible to work with him because u wont give anyone an opportunity - b.s. that you cant work with him..
schumer has made it clear he will put politics infront of governing, at the expense of the American people as to trump won
you just have to laugh protecting the American people & its border, jobs a d good healthcare is so far to the right, there's -
- one thing the democrats did that trump isn't doing is ignoring middle America, which democrats claim there for but wait -
- it's very people who are deplorable & irredeemable,but schumer & democrats love the rich donor class Hollywood liberal elites
Because Obama'a hard core turn to the left worked so well?  Yeah right! You doubled the debt and f'd up healthcare
Trump will do whatever he thinks will help himself and his family He has no principles or ethics. This won't change
Americans are certainly not far-left! And that's exactly where the pervert supporting dem party is.
You do not represent people who voted for you. Your blinded with hate for the opposition.Shame
I hope you and Deblazo end up in the same cell at rikers island
Everything that comes out of his mouth is a blatant lie and the MSM is complicit in it.
Hopefully left/right/middle can find a path to work together. Otherwise, we're the ones that suffer.
With all due respect,  @SenSchumer , No! Please do not offer to "work with" this man until all investigations are complete!
investigations created to take the focus off the real issues. Typical BS!
First, U have to make an effort. U hvn't tried that. 8 yr BHO arrogance, Dem REFUSAL 2 b bipartisian,
can someone can work with the left end that you, pelosi, obama, are the most prominent and despicable to mention
What? Trump was always clear on his positions.Chuck is oblivious as are most DEMS which is the reason they lost out
The chumpster: not very bright, pathological liar, selfish, petty, sexual predator, loser businessman, cheat, con.
admits he will obstruct anything president Trump does chuck scummer doesn't care about the people only his party
Republicans need to admit #theTrumpexperiment is a fail.
@rolandsmartin @SenSchumer  Chuck keep the pressure on!
Impeachment first word of democrat agenda yet Trump is the one hard to work with?
does any one know what impeach mean..bill lied congress..was impeached...but his senate voted it down
Trump is used to being in control of everything/everyone. The American people can see through Trump's lies.
@Joeyswife @SenSchumer You had no intention of working with him in the first place cry baby
@SenSchume Schumer Absolutely correct look at Trump cabinet appointees executive orders serial lying why support that BULLSHIT!
You don't even make an attempt. Just do your jobs. All you lunk-heads need to come together for your constituents!
you don't deserve to have him work with you.
cute cat.
B.s. you moved even further left. Typical nyj
Love me some Chuck Schumer!!!!!!!!!!
Mo. it was virtually impossible to work with YOU to begin with!
You don't think you are hard left? Oh wait, you don't think at all
Trump sees a 20 Trillion debt.billions to Iran/ISIS. AMERICA was built on business not handouts
because Dems want to trash American not build her. Borrow more for handouts to the world
@ABCPolitics @SenSchumer The head clown.Take a good look at both sides the swamp needs drained.I think we could agree on that
the Dems can regain status by solely focusing on the good for Americans rather than the bad for GOP
you are the lowest of the low
not really, you are just so far out of your mind, you won't work with him. You just rejected a ACA fix, dummy.
CHUCKIE just the opposite,  u Dems r pissed u didn't win election and u n ur buds tweet everyday u go against him!
I don't care who is far left or far left. Get your asses in the middle and do what's right for the people u work 4!
the Democratic party is not the same as it was it should be called the loser socialist party .
work around him. He's not calling the shots anyway. No more Rs vs Dems. It has to be reasonable ppl vs extremists.
@realDonaldTrump is the most disloyal man on the planet,no one can trust him or his lying alternativefacts #impeach
Once again you're the pot calling the kettle. WOW! Go take a look in the mirror you far left liberal clown
You are so far left that you can't even work with yourself! I'm watching you go down in flames! 
BULLS*%#! infrastructure, small business friendly, save black lives- DEMS do NOTHING BUT WANK!! GET 2 WORK
holy hell! Do you remember Obama telling GOP they will be at the back of the line?go to the back of the line LIB!
Says extremely recently extremely hard left Chuckie!! Hahahahaha
@BettyBuckley @SenSchumer Well every single one of u DEM & GOP better start figuring out how to WORK TOGETHER!
Funny.  Obama was known as the farthest leftist of the Senate when voted in as Prez.
He was too liberal for many in the GOP but you are pushing him right. You failed your party by just obstructing.
No, Trump is following his wallet. The money is on the right. He wants the tax cut. That's all.
We tried to tell you. But no, the Dems cheated us out of choosing our own nominee. Are you listening now?
WRONG! Unlike dems, conservatives wont follow party lines to support a bad bill. #DeathToObamacare
Just like Obama did for 8yrs and shoved Obama Care down our throats and we got no input in the matter.
hypocrite..you can't possibly go anymore left!
what about radical off the chart liberals? Have they moved left, just a bit?
He just extended the olive branch on healthcare.  Git err done while the getting is good.
was masterful: strategic, decisive & sets the table for a negotiation.
is a true snake oil salesman I shook his hand when I was younger. WIsh I spit on that gross face.
lol! saboteurs dont work for the country succeeding....come on chuckles we see what ur up to!
lol What a load of bull. Trigger words for your base Chuckie. What a pansy Schumer is. Do something for Americans!
like the Dems worked with anyone on failing obuma care!
You have no intention of working with him and never did.
.@ThisWeekABC @SenSchumer 

That's because Democrats have become extreme Far Left ... EXTREMISTS.
