I can't wait for all the idiotic Trump supporters to be ashamed and heart broken when Trump is impeached and hopefully imprisoned.
Kenny, you are going to be surprised when the GOP wins big in 2018 because sheeple like you follow and believe in the national media lies
Keeep dreaming.
November 9, 2016 was NOT a dream!  You might still have your pajamas on, because President Trump is REAL!
Not for long. This is the beginning of the end for Trump indefinitely, and also the end of the GOP as you knew it.
Better yet, Kenny. Find safe space & pet the therapy dog, close your liberal eyes, kick and scream like a child, & act like this is a dream
I got my safe space my paid for home and my safe weapon, I dont have a dog.
Good for you. As a lib, shouldn't you be opposed to weapons & did the gov pay for your home?  If not, you might want to consider other side
Strange timing on release of Comey CYA memo. Did he write any such memos with Obama, Lynch, Hillary or Rice ? I trust you will inquire.
Comey is FBI. He probably writes memos on his mother.
You have been leading the attacks on Trump from day 1. Republicans have stood silent. Do career politicians have something to hide?
IMPEACH!
You'll go down in history for being the biggest destroyer besides Obama of America
Stop your stupid tweets. Trump has already been proved a liar. What have you to say about that?
Blah blah blah blah.. When you know You and the DNC, Hillary all said he should be fired and not doing a good job. Manipulating hypocrites
I'll pass
Stop being a rabid dog. As a New Yorker, you embarrass me. I am done with the Democrats. I am changing party thanks to you and Pelosi.
Schumer communist
hahahahaha...good one!
This is contrary to Comey's testimony in March. What does CrybabySchumer have to say about that?
In aggregate there is a case for obstruction against Trump and conspiracy for obstruction to those who act in his support
Yeah, starting with Schumer.
Chucky there you go again me me me and my speech your so fickle of yourself
You say history is watching. Well middle America is watching and we don't like what dems and media are doing to destroy our President!!
Get em Chuck!
The democrats don't want America to be great again.  They will suffer for it in 2018.
You Libs better hope there is substance to this...or you just cost retirement funds to loose MILLIONS OF DOLLARS!
B4 u run ur mouth, have u confirmed these sources? No, u just put attacks & division while assisting in NatSec crises
@SenSchumer @nytimes
WELL, Chuck, other than usual grandstanding, whining, lying, seems like always. Trump did NOT ask, tell, demand, request anything like this
Oh dang thought I would see your Alligator tears..dont need to listen to your facts, because there isnt any
Comey testified under oath May 3 that Trump never tried to influence him about any investigation, but u already knew that.
Just more of your BS
 don't  turn around a zombie is behind you
Who writes this stuff
Why do you believe a news paper
What happens when there is no memo and he testifies this didn't happen? You will look like the clown you are.
Chuck do you have your mundane talking points distributed yet?  Mueller! But your soldiers can't disrupt now.  Start doing some work finally
Chuck. You make me want to up Chuck. Taxes healthcare jobs immigration stop the obstruction
If an anonymous report from a newspaper is your proof, then you are impeachable and committable
Partisan puke.
Chukie you have a Special prosecutor now will you shut up and start working for ME I am you BOSS AND YOU ARE PISSING ME OFF
Baloney!
What about Obama asking Comey 4 different times to end investigations? Oh its Trump. If it was wrong Comey would have reported to DOJ
Why? You are a has-been loon who wouldn't know the truth if it bit you on the beak.
Partyline rhetoric, when are you going to come out for Americans

More hatred for the American voter from nazi war criminal schlep Schumer.
Clueless grandstanding.  Is Schumer really that misinformed or is the party more important than the country?
No one really wants to watch u grandstand every freaking day Chuckie! You are boring people to tears! #MAGA
He should really shut up! Investigate Schumer! U know they have stuff on him!
Excellent hope to see you in Washington next week
CS don't push this to far Chuckie because J.Comey collected 6 M from Clintions foundation. and Peter Comey DLA Pipers
Biased journalism is what I expect from NYT and WaPo.
If nytimes make a comment that is concrete to dems.seems like y'all would like to know the facts first Chuckie
Show us the facts Chuckie
Enough speeches, slow the damn Senate to a crawl until McConnell agrees to independent commission and special prosecutor
You are such a God damn liar you old bastard! Not even #Comey's fake ass memo says that! How can you lie day after day? It's exhausting!
Lying piece of sh*t
New York Times should have their press credentials revoked 4 printing story abt unseen memo. Schumer shouldn't believe
It is a violation of our Constitution to condemn ANYONE without evidence in hand. Shameful for a Senator.
Please investigate @SenSchumer for his very suspicious financial dealings and acquaintances!
who is in charge? the govt or the NYT?
thank you for your great work!  I'm proud of you and other members who are speaking truth to power and protecting our democracy
Way to go SEN.Schumer
@SenateDems should demand that Senate put off *any* consideration of #Trumpcare for ***at least 1 year*** while these investigations go on.
You're a nut job Chuckles!  Have you always been so gullible?  Support your country men, for once!
Sounds like a Clinton Thing
You are so sad.  Dems move on and let's get help for American middle class
We the US people, demand to see any real proof or STFU! You are so desperate to cover 4 your mistress Killary you'll say/do anything. #lies
Is it true that you have asked to subpoena Seth Rich ?
Are you shaking, crying? Which one this time,? #MAGA
The President of the United States of America gets to decide what should be pursued & what should not be pursued. Try to understand.
hey Chuck! remember that chick you raped last night? she wrote a memo about it. Someone read it to me over the phone! Enough proof for you?

Get angry senator. Stop playing nice.
you should be investigated first for throwing blacks out of their residence because you were paid big money.
Ny times and your self schumer have no ethics . Obstruction of justice is Seth rich murder
Begin impeachment
No one not even the times have seen this memo ? This is a violation of the code of ethics for journalist. That like making a prank call





Chuck do you have the memo or is this more of your political bullshit?
NO HISTORY IS REPEATING ITSELF.
You may call it politics but a lot of Americans believe you and democrats are putting our president's life in danger with ur rhetoric
If this is obstruction ... where is the outrage at Comey for not rptg sooner??  Another reason to fire him.
Why, it will just be more of your hatefull rhetoric, you do nothing positive for the American people, hate does nothing?
We're grateful to have someone like you to stand up for democracy & American values. Know you've been working hard & we thank you!
I want WH to explain how Russians even got an Oval Office mtg after intel agreed they conducted malicious cyber activity during elections
more crap and fake news.
What we need are articles of impeachment
Ow about some facts first Chuck?  Unnamed sources, again.  It's all BS
Obama needs to be in prision he is a TRAITOR to USA just like democrat communists are
Obama gave russians classified syria intel got pro american rebels bombed where were was cryin chuck then hypocrite
Obama outed afgan cia station cheif endangering his life where was cryin chuckie

Why didn't Comey report this in February??? The meno is a pipe dream!!!
Once again you and the NYT will look like "BOZO" the clown!! So sad
Wonder when @realDonaldTrump will change his mind about ZION? Zionists really don't seem to like him much, do they?
You're such a LIAR!  Obama did same thing in 2016
Chucky told us not to believe comey
Fake news

Make up ur mind chuck. U Dems love him, then hated him, & now u love him. Law enforcement wanted him out since under jackass obama
Americans are growing weary & inpatient! Intent to obstruct requires impeachment so the WH & Congress can return to governing our nation!
Help this country come together instead of being a butthead The Pres. thought you were a good person how wrong he was about you shame on you
If you really care about this country stop trying to make the President look bad! Obama was the WORST president we have EVER HAD
Part of the problem is politicians like you! Why don't you try to help stop the leaks instead of acting like you're above the President
@NPR @BBC @RandPaul No remedy for @TheJusticeDept AG, but ponzi scheme @SenSchumer has a remedy for @KremllinRussia?
Fake News Schumer!
We need an investigation into all these deranged Dems who are hell bent on trying to destroy this country just to stop our pres from #MAGA
You and the NYT are alike in as much as the lies you try to push on America.We support our President! Dem Party is a mess! Get it together
We demand a special investigation into the murder of Seth Rich. I don't think Mr Rich was Russian.
"Indicating"..he went to the same vague & subjective language school as socialist media "reporters". "It seems" & "Sources say" used a lot 2
The swamp creatures don't like the leak in the swamp.
SCHUMER, you wacko liberal!  You criticize Trump to follow rule-of-law. Your damn dysfunctional, crooked liberal party all LAW-BUSTERS
Glorifying yourself again chuckie .. You were never concerned w/ Hillary Clinton giving classified secret emails.. Hypocrite!! .
It wasn't the Russians it was Seth Rich now stop your nonsense
And then you need to question who did it and we all know why so no need to ask that
The world knows who did it
Autie Maxine and pedo uncle Schumer...
God help America
An ex U.S. Attorney would know this is how it really is....you fool no one 
Chuck you are so compromised by DNC that you can no longer cover your's & their lies. No matter what you come with against @POTUS will fail
Hey Chucky if what Wpost says is true Comey did a criminal act by not informing the DOJ! Sounds fishy!
Thank you Senator! True Patriots of all political affiliation appreciate your efforts.
Thank you Sir!
The democracy must be preserved from those that want to dismantle it.
Blah blah blah
Allegation
yes, i saw you whining, embarassing the state of new york and your willingness to commit treason. @SenateGOP contest his nonsense always.
cry bady
Memo is a fake Senator!  If Comey wrote memo he'd have implicated himself in felony (18 USC 4) for not reporting incident to DOJ.
We are wTching u 3
Worst Sen. ever. If things go bad the people of NY will find you and hold you accountable.
This country belongs to the people and we feel forgotten because Washington thinks they are all lead and above us all
When do you stand up and act like a man so far I haven't seen a man standing in for me when I see you
When does the madness stop is president is trying to do good for this country and the American people and you just don't get it
Every day that you continue this rhetoric you let the people of America down we don't work for you you work for us
Democracy only works when the government does in right now or government doesn't work and you were a big part of that not working
if you look further into the murder of that young man who work for the DNC sent emails to WikiLeaks match number Hillary Clinton server
Susan Rice needs to be indicted run masking and leaking but you again do nothing you're disgrace to your office
You should be ashamed of what you do I know I'm ashamed of you Hillary Clinton committed crimes against this nation and got off not right
DNC is destroying more then themselves, They are becoming the resistance to our way of life. They are becoming a terrorist group inside USA.
The NYT that fired reporters, editors when exposed for false stories, that supported HC campaign and largest shareholder is C.Slim? Fakenews
The world is watching the Bolshevik Democrat party & subversive propagandists in MSM attempt a coup to overthrow a duly elected US President
