JEB Dems Numbers... How about compare them to the last 8 years instead of pulling numbers from the 1990s!

Okay. They are only looking at the first 60 days of the new administration. To really compare let wait 8 yrs and compare. #tosoontocompare
never stopped anyone before.
"Ummm...I don't like those numbers, they're really old." "Okay, how about just the last 8 years?" "No, those also contradict my beliefs (1)
About President Obama and #45, you're going to have to wait to make comparisons. I don't like it when facts disprove my bias." "FFS." (2)
yeah but they think no bias because they're not wearing hoods.
Good lord y'all spent Obamas first seven years blaming Bush. You can't fix in 80 days what y'all messed up in 8 years.
Good Lord, Y'all left Obama a hot stinking mess - economy dropping jobs at rate of 800,000 per month - banks teetering. DJT shld say Thanks!
Only because you say so. That's not what the numbers said but what do facts matter.
Facts from BLS: month Obama took office in '09, economy had shed 793,000 jobs. Month Trump took office, gained 216 K http://bit.ly/2ki6Xz 
One month not per month as you originally stated. The previous months were no where nears 800k
Trump has done more stuff than Obama's look what he is doing now with Syria when Obama sat on his ass & did nothing
What he did in Syria? Let's see - put on a good show for the gullible. He gave Russia a head's up, didn't get Congressional approval, had no
He doesn't need congress permission only if we're going to war
But then there's this: The War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541–1548) is a federal law intended to check the president's power to commit ..
the US to an armed conflict w/o the consent of Congress. The Resolution was adopted in the form of a US Congress joint resolution.
Keep up with the skewed stats phony news phony statistics show me the stats on the stock market$$$
Phony news doesn't bring up at all more jobs everyone's out look much better saving innocent people from slaughter stock market up
Stats can be made to look anyway you like what questions were asked to come to those numbers that's what you should be showing
That's your bologna story I don't care what crappy numbers you show that's your job to make the numbers look crappy
My job is to make my president look good because he's truly a good decent human being and he's trying to help this country
Or Obama's actual accomplishments!
Don't be ridiculous! Obama took office in a very difficult time & brought improved those #s dramatically. Trump is destroying our country!
Trump is the biggest liar to ever set foot in the White House. Period.
Why don't we compare how much Obama gave to fund terrorism and how much President Trump gave to fund terrorism instead!!! #MAGA
You're kidding, right? Trump has been working with Russia for some time. Be patient; it will all come out when the investigations are over.
Yeah I can't wait for the truth to come out so we can finally put Obama and Hillary where they belong.....behind bars!   #MAGA #AmericaFirst
So will Trump.

I miss the 90's. They were so great. Peace, Prosperity, Optimism. Just awesome time to be a teenager
Why are you using the late 90's?
You're showing us averages from the early 90s show us averages from the past 8 to 15 years
Will get the numbers up like back from the 60s that's an upside down nine a little time that's what Trump will do
Watch it now let's not pick and choose to show what will make it sound good for Dems they are good at that picking and choosing
I dare you put the chart up from between eight and 15 years ago
What phony baloney that's a joke from the early 90s want to go back to the 20s
I think POTUS has surpassed his promises
He will never speak of these number neither will Fox News, but hey Fox news has other problems!
@Catlady628 The #TrumpBump certainly looks more like a #DonaldDitch this month
@realDonaldTrump Trump can't even explain how unemployment rate is calculated. He just makes Big Fat Claims. Just like his golf game.
jobs are supposed to be  POTUS strength.  I have not seen any strengths yet.
As the economy continues to strengthen and REAL job opportunities explode, it will be interesting to see how long you maintain this report.
70 days in and Lieu wants to fire @POTUS Of course he is a Hillary lunatic so it makes perfect sense Patience
It bothers you so much you have to make up stuff! I smell fear!
Keep up the negativity you know it's your country to I could see your drooling things will be OK despite people like you
Why do we keep hearing daily of companies closing, he claimed the opposite would happen & so did his supporters! Let's hear the excuses!
I like how we go to the late 90s as if Obama never happened
Why are you trying so hard to make people lose faith in the president and the government not just this but every tweet
11 weeks doofus
FIGURES DONT LIE, BUT LIARS,THATS YOU,CAN FIGURE!
And why are you taking a two week vacation??? Get to work!!! Do you job!!! GOVERN
In less than 3 months
He's busy cleaning up Obamas regulations.
And after eight years of rule the nation rejected your party. Perhaps focus on that instead.
Comparing today to the late Y2K 1990s electronics boom....is steak and oranges....and just ignorant.   Ohh...it's the Democrats..mkkkay
Give it time. Sheesh!
Wow. After 2.5 months Trump is really slacking right? Find the real stats from Govt that show food stamps, welfare and labor participation
U are correct, he's got a long ways to go. Would be nice if our elected officials helped him get there, rather than trying to bring him down
So 11 weeks into his term and you expected him to beat the all time best numbers column? Give me a break. This graph is a joke.
Is @SenSchumer still roaming free? Shouldn't he be in jail?! Resign Schumer, you troll!
Ummm.   He's been POTUS for how many days???   Keep the rules constant Chucky and don't use his longevity as you see fot
trump will never keep his promise and he does not deserve to be president nor the power that comes with it
He is doing very well at many things, including creating jobs.
He did better than OBAMA.  Obama increased welfare
Try comparing it to Obama totals , job Loss,job loss,,job loss,
Clinton followed Reagan , we following Obama waorst economy since ww2

DT will just say that these numbers are fake. It's his status quo!
Your stupidity glows when you post stuff like this.  You know damn well Trump has and will continue to create more jobs than Obama ever has.
More fake news
This is a bit disingenuous. Just as Pres. Trump should not claim good news before his term started you can't make assumptions after a month
Oh no!
LOL the 2000s yrs is missing.... guess you didn't read the small print....

Really. You call a failure after 2 month? It will take years to clean up Obama's mess!! #wakeupamerica
US will never go FAR LEFT....Dem's will always lose...After Obama 8 years they lost the most seats in 50 years...
@SenSchumer @POTUS @MartinHeinrich liar he has created more jobs than Obama did 8 yrs
It would be great if we showed the numbers between 2008 -2016.  I think we would have a better perspective than just reflecting on the 90's.
According to CNN they are at the lowest rate since 2007
And only 11 (13?) weeks into office
Riiiight... More like Trump team's incompetence, no nominee for 479 of 553 posns
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
And you caved too easily on the gorsuch vote. You could have made it harder and more publicized what they were doing. You had all day.
Come on Chuck, you know New Yorkers don't forget.
How can he when the Democrates block him and the American people at every turn.
Shocker
Can you cut it out and focus on what matters? Saying the president hasn't affected the labor pool in his first 3 months is asinine.
Trump's the one tweeting about it, acting as if the good numbers are because HE did something; all he's done is cause chaos and play golf.
@SenSchumer @POTUS @MartinHeinrich Very skewed.
"Has yet" as in the first 90 days of his presidency? You people become more and more ridiculous with your polls and stats.
Are they seriously comparing employment numbers of today to 20yrs ago and all time? This is a pointless job tracker.
Another example of his #AmeriicaFirst and #MAGA strategy.  What a joke! Folks, it is going 2 get much WORSE due to this admin.  #Trumprussia
Sure I believe that. Did you stay up all night making powerpoint. Show something without  biased auther
What the heck is auther? GOP speak??
We won speek
Aww the POS Inherited a MESS WRONG ,When in Fact hes in the PROCESS of SCREWING Every1 The Numbers r Gonna get worse 
#Russiagate
So says the Democrats.
REALITY CHECK: Trump can neither claim credit nor be dinged for any of this yet--simply too soon, and no major policy changes so far
when Bush left WH, GOP said we can't talk about him. Keep name Obama out of ur mouth.
Not clear what you are trying to say..didn't say anything about Obama though...so what's your point?
80 days and Trump has done more than Obama did in 8 years. Keep making these fake reports if it makes you feel better
@SenateDems @POTUS @MartinHeinrich Fix healthcare and lower tax rates. Full time jobs will be created. Common sense.
@SenSchumer @POTUS @MartinHeinrich there is hope! He cares about us. You don't and that's why you lost! Career politician
Trump doesn't care about us! He only cares about himself, power and money.
Will Traitor and Shrieking Sean trumpet these numbers?...blatant hypocrites! @realDonaldTrump @PressSec #theresistance
You pay for a lot of trips to Mar-a-Lago too dummy.
yeah dummy
All the more reason why GOP will now repeal Obamacare & remove it's disastrous mandates on businesses. Hiring will skyrocket RIP OBAMACARE!
This is fake bull crap when are you guys going to show the truth
One bad month which may be adjusted & saw a - in unemployment & why do u compare this to the late 1990s?
@SenateDems @POTUS @MartinHeinrich you killed all the babies that would have applied 4 jobs 20 years ago. Also u prefer welfare
How could these number be right, when Obama was claiming lower. Someone fudged the numbers. Now who could that be?
if you tell him be on the lookout for a nasty 3am tweet from him. a virtual paper cut from the King of Twit ter, owie
Interesting that the statistics for Obama's years are not included
Here ya go!
Only number relevant is jobs. Can't read the mice type for source of #. Does it include created "or saved"?
Fake Report!!!!
its been 2 months. is he suppose to snap his fingers and put everyone to work. it does take time. 4.5% unemployment. when last time there
stop whining and get to work. quorum call now
@rolandsmartin @JoyAnnReid @MaxineWaters @SenSchumer @maddow @HardballChris @ldforry @angela_rye @AprilDRyan @ava @donlemon @ananavarro 
He's been in office less than 2.5 months.  You OBSTRUCTIONIST DEMOCRATS are freaking nuts!!!
THIS IS REALLY STUPID! HE'S BEEN IN OFFICE HOW MANY DAYS? OBAMA AND THE DEMS WERE A DISASTER WHO LEFT ONE BIG MESS!
Obama failed to live up to any of his promises over 8 years. Trump in office how many days? YOU GUYS ARE JUST ANGRY AT LOSING GROW UP.
"@SenateDems: RT @JECDems: .@POTUS's numbers on March's #JobsReport show that he has yet to live up to his promise. @MartinHeinrich… "
3 months. What did Obama do? I voted for him! He left us behind! Big debt & welfare
