@SenSchumer @SenGOP I think that the GOP is working against the American constitution and in liking Deutere, Putin, & etc
I would think that too if I were a loony liberal who only listens to lies.
or a conservative vwho listens to alternative truths.
That's what loony liberals call it when they out and out lie.
I thought that was the tea party, oops meant rt conservatives
You thought wrong. Not your fault, too many liberals teaching in schools. Everyone gets a trophy, then sent back to their safe space.
Why is thinking wrong? Currently the present government administration is not working well.
It's not. Loony liberal thinking is wrong. All lies. Current administration is cleaning the swamp.
@SenSchumer @CNN this partisan garbage is tearing this country apart. Shame on both sides of the isle! America first
@SenSchumer I agree with you
You must press those republicans  @CNN
And hold the American pple hostage!!! Great move!!!
Are these the same polls that told you Hillary would win. You have nearly zero insurance co. wanting to be with Obama Care, just.. let it go
Sad that Chuck does nothing to fix ACA only criticizes Repubs 4 trying 2 do something. Work together Chuck, without threats.
We don't WANT you to have ANYTHING to do with our healthcare. You are so dishonest it would be more of the same
@SenSchumer @CNN why doesn't mr. Schumer present his ideas to gop and listen to their ldeas? Maby a compromise could be reached.
It's really bizarre that there is no outrage from these far left liberals that premiums are sky high among deductibles and in some cases
We have zero to one provider to choose from on plans we don't even need or want to pay for. Wheres the outrage for this You hypocrites
Schumer: we know it's failed. Help us fix costs, availability.  Just don't call it a "repeal."
cnn, very fake news. Dumbacrats.... party of cry babies. That are in desperate neef for adulting. An embarrassment to our country!!
Enough with all this BS!  PRESIDENT TRUMP isn't going anywhere America has spoken deal with it! AND ALL OF YOU START WORKING!
It has to be repealed don't you get it going to fail and soon. What is it your to blind to see. Protecting that scum Obama legacy
LOL! Where we're you last 7 yrs.
Why is preserving Obamacare so important to @DemSenators? This hurts many more people than it helps. Put people ahead of politics please
#Chucky has failed his puppet masters once again. Sad.
#LiberalLoser
Schumer makes America look stupid and CNN helps
If only the GOP was really concerned with citizens, instead of money.
Cut the silly threats. You have become a serious liability to America.
Fu repeal obama care total garbage
Schumer, we need the repeal. Do you have Obamacre for medical? Didn't think so. So you don't know what Americans are going thru.
Liar and hypocrite. That should be your campaign, at least it would be an honest campaign

Schumer is lying. Reminds me of Lucy holding the football for Charlie Brown to kick. Schumer can not be trusted to do anything America wants
No backing off the repeal. As your employer, I am telling you to work with trump !! Or get out of the people's office
Wow! Dems trying to negotiate with Republicans. Thank-you Sen. Schumer. Republicans, don't squander this chance to get something done.
Well, both parties should be working together since the beginning not waiting until now.

now that's what we the people want to hear, come together there are parts from both sides plan that work
Is that a threat Chucky??
U dont get to tell the majority they must do what want. How about win some elections since 2010.  Elections have consequences remember that?
taxpayers are tired of nothing getting done drain the swamp get rid of the lazy people not working for us citizens we work to pay them
"I do not have confidence in him any longer," said crying Chuck Schumer. STFU and suck it up!!!
That's one heck of a joke Chunky seeing as how your definition of bipartisanship is the Republicans acting like the minority party
Not even going to watch or listen to your FAKENEWS!
No, with all of Obama's "secret deals" full repeal is mandatory!
Broken record. Doesn't produce a good sound. BHO care is over. Get over it. Live in the present! Stop whinnying.
LOL!
Now that is hilarious! Chuck "Can't see past party politics to represent the people of NY" Schumer is going to cooperate with Republicans!
Liar!
Why work with DEMS? You only offer FAILED policies, obstruction and divisive behavior.  Losers and cry babies. DEMS ARE BAD FOR AMERICA
I always like how the dems answer to "compromise" is do what WE WANT.
Up Yours Chuck Schumer YOU LIE, This is all BS., The Swamp makes Americans Sick to OUR Stomachs !!!  So does MSNBC  BIAS Toward President !!
Little late Cryin Chuckie.
#Chuck - ObamaCare is imploding. Your are blatantly exposing your need to uphold Obama's legacy rather than health of Americans. #Control
Really? What are the 3 Great lies? "The check is in the mail, etc....a desperation move to save Obama's fading legacy!
No political clout to be asking anyone to back off anything. #PaperTiger
America to Democrats...."sit down Chuck. Elections have consequences"

Government needs to get out of the health ins industry. Not their job. Just a power grab by the Liberals. GO TRUMP!
Ha! Obamacare is fraud & is hurting too many Chucky. Crawl back to ur Saudi masters' hole.
CHUCK WANTS TO SAVE OBAMACARE FOR [OBAMA].????
#fakenews
Liar, you won't work with anybody that's GOP or has good sense.
Sorry you are in the minority now Boy you don't get to make demands!!!!!!!
No you won't! You are incapable of putting aside party politics! Resign Chuck. #draintheswamp
@SenSchumer @CNN Russia  hearing about Russia really sick about Russia
Complete lie. Everything that comes out of @SenSchumer mouth is a political salvo and lie. He is a pro and should be term limited.
Lol "we will work with you" You have no power Chucky. You don't get to cut deals from the bottom and after the fact.
Chuck, As our great Rep. Pres. Lincoln said, "It is better to be quiet and thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt."

Everybody knows that @SenSchumer is a major source of @cnn fake news. LOL

Tonight I imagine @SenateDems are begging @SenateGOP to impeach this madman before it is too late. There will be an unspeakable event soon. 

We do not want to work with him...
Too late Chuck!!!!
really? show me your plan in Obama care!!!! rich dinosaurs never ever use OCare, and faketears is just so silly defend it
But Chicky, we the people want, no demand the repeal.
You have NEVER WORKED WITH THE REPUBLICANS!
"Screw that" who needs them
How about put ur politics aside and help the ppl u serve. Party politics is no good for our country. ENOUGH!
Chuck back up on a sharp cactus and we will laugh at you!
begging Chuck????
To little to late!
More like... "please don't destroy what our terrorist Potus created. We won't have anything to screw the voters with"!
it's not about it being trumpcare or obamacare it's about it being AFFORDABLE care ... don't take 2 yrs to implement @SpeakerRyan @potus
"...and we WILL work with you". Meaning you haven't to this point but will?!?! Why now? Why not before?
Hey and if you like your doctor..u can keep your doctor! Lol!! What joke.
Can never happen. The Dems are too partisan & the views about how Healthcare should operate are opposite ends of the spectrum.
Just like you said back off the wall what a bunch of bullshit Shcumer doesn't want to work with anyone that disagrees with him. Dems lose
@SenSchumer @CNN never trust chuckie schmuckie schumer!
More liberal whining & lies.  If they wanted to negotiate they could any time.  Instead they go to their mouthpiece (@CNN ) to say they will
Wow, that would be amazing if not for those words coming out of the mouth of one of the slimiest liars (I refer to Schumer, not Tapper) ever
Obamacare was pitched on a lie. Pelosi said pass it, then we'll tell you what's in it. We didn't keep MDs, or our plan, and costs skyrocket
Sorry Chucky, you can sit at the big boy table & hope @GOP gives you some scraps to add to AHCA-if not GOP vote nuclear option like Dems
Idk, Chuck was talking tough last week.  Why is backing down?  Hmmmmm
Work with me says the crocodile.  Let me hold your hand.
The only people the Senate works for is the American people
Too late JOKER
Trump He was giving Comey a chance but Comey sank himself
Chuck really is a Dimm bulb.
YOU have had 7 years to fix ACA and you did not, stop blaming everyone else and freaking work together for the American people like u spout!

Obamacare serves 20m out of a population of 318m. To repeal it, only 20m from 298m are inconvenienced.  Is it you or me not getting this?
And of those 20m, they can afford it
Hey Baby Killer!!!!Matthew 18:18 You really think heaven is like you?????? Or I want heaven like you want it????????
Screw that no one work with you on anything. Repeal and Replace!
Wake up stupid!!! Revelations 21:4
..."repeal".  Major changes are needed and repeal is an appropriate way to describe it.  Demos need to stop crying about semantics and GBTW.
Ahhh, so that is the catch...I knew there was something.  NOT going to happen!  But in reality, its not going away, so there is no real...
@SenSchumer @CNN Republicans to cry me a river chucky, bite me!
Back off the obstructionism @SenSchumer and the Republican lawmakers may be able to work with you! So far you're still thinking you  game!
He's such a liar. Just like CNN fake news. Loony liberals still don't get it! Trump was voted in to undo ALL Obummer did!
What 911 was not a big sign for you CHUCKY!! Ezekiel 28:6-7
Kind of late for that now, where were you a few weeks ago, resisting negotiating?
Come on tough Guys let's see your FAITH !!! Isaiah 43:19 Jesus has not told the ISIS to put away there sword let go tell the about Jesus!...
Jesus is the Way!!!! Relavations 20:4 Trust Jesus!! John did!!!!!
Mmmkk... so Chuck is like: We lost but we get to lead. DRAIN THE SWAMP NOW! With Chuck in it too!
So brave you baby killers are your stupid.Jeremiah 1:5 YOU KILL GODS ANGELS  read stupid.
@chuck @SenSchumer is an obstructionist Liar all he does is lie doesnt work with any one just steel the money chuck
@SenSchumer @CNN As I pay 928.00 per month and struggle to pay my bills" u have 8 offices - u live off our backs. And LIE Alot.
These are consequences
Ummmm.... NO!
TaxRebates in @SpeakerRyan-care a gift to failing leftist states who will be able to cut health benefits to retirees
Liar.
What a fake joke. Obamacare collapsing on it's own, Ryancare solidifies entitlement-pays off insurers and UNIONS who can cut benefits-
Schumer two face. You asked for Comey to be fired!
they will not back down.The poor got it for free the middle class paid the penalties on there taxes when there premiums doubled on Jan.1
Sorry but real Americans can't afford obama penalties for not being able to afford it
Jajajaja who believes @jaketapper #poolreporter @CNN #fakenews or @SenSchumer "we will work with you" Ha #liberals are #obstructionist!
The problem is they aren't going FULL REPEAL to healthcare created & perpetuated in deception.
Chuck has never worked with the Rep unless there's something in it for him personally or politically!
NO
Cnn communist news network! ! ! ! ! !
WE WANT FULL REPEAL  OF OBAMACARE
Bullsh*T! He's lying, no democrat has worked with anything Trump has done. I say screw it, to hell with you Chuck. LIAR! DEMS ARE LOSERS.
Up yours Chuckles.
@SenSchumer @CNN comey out insider leaks gone now drain the swamp put all of the corrupt democratic's behind bars
Schumer has absolutely no intention of working with the GOP on anything, he will work with if he gets his way.
you don't even read the bills before voting so now you're here to help?pathetic career politicians
Not going to happen Chuckles.
Fact U.S is now the sickest society in the free world with H/C cost close to 10 times our closest rival Do to OBAMACARE, get ur facts people
No more Obamacare. Work with Repubs on AHCA.. Participate, have your say other then BS media comments.
Do not back off. Keep your promises to the American people. Make America great again

We tried the original Republican way which was nothing We tried the corporate Democrat way which was Obamacare Can we try single Payer now?
Crybaby Schumer is a liar. Why now Chuckie?  Why not offer cooperation January 9th.
It doesn't work that way Chuck, ACA has failed and any politician who would want to keep it doesn't want what's best for his people .
Chuckie put it were the sun doesn't shin
No one needs Schumer
Good. You go Chuck.
When you have. A failing garbage bill you get rid of it .
Putz Schumer speaks again
You're such a lying sack of $hit Schumer!Even when you've LOST you still think you're in control! RETIRE!!
Last time I checked the dems have been losing elections since 2010 The answer s/b: "work with us if u want to stay in congress".
@SenSchumer @CNN fly a kite chuckles u had your chance now let the real men  lead this great country
God bless you senator! Thanks for the future of America
. Obamacare doesn't need to be repealed. The parts that work, work. Just needs bipartisan work to fix problem areas instead.
Should be what's beneficial 4 PEOPLE  not party. Congress needs to work together 4 national best interest vs self interest. Real patriotism.
What I said. Sadly, there are too many politicians aligning w/ party not policy. Too many not caring about what's best for everyone.
The king is dead now it's time for his jester to take off that stupid head. Don't want to help the american people? We do not forget
Exactly it's a simple enough request.. let's fix what's already in place rather than kick 24 million people off healthcare
You can't fix it! It was designed to fail to push us to a single payer system!!
Haha! Fake Tears is delusional.
You're ass Obamacare is dead!
Between the Premiums and Deductibles only the insurance companies are making out 
Nothing Affordable about ACA
@SenSchumer @CNN  Is Chuck holding Heath care hostage. That's insane . It's your job to work together. Not block each other
Chucky stop threats
Dems just don't know what to do and how to act after 8 years of being in control! You aren't giving the orders here Chuck! Americans voted!
Just follow the money .
So get to work in the Senate and make changes
Don't listen to them,they will screw y'all up.repel and replace.who wrote the ACA cause Democrats didn't know what was in the bill.
