sure, and many fewer workers to earn it. Raising the minimum wage would decrease the number of ppl I can/would hire.
This will help push all fast food order takers 2B replaced with kiosks.  Are you getting a good kick back Sen?
No Chuck, part-time jobs are not the new normal you and Obama wanted it to be.
The real results will be layoffs n automation.
Raise the wage and a loaf of bread goes up. It's not a solution.
Deport the low wage illegals that Billionaire democrats exploit and wages will increase on their own.
Chuck, put businesses out of business with 15. Tell America to aspire higher than Mickey D's.
And cut them off of food stamps and Medicaid .... then they have to pay for health insurance and buy groceries? Think about that.
Until they all get fired and are replaced by robots.  Schumer should do something useful instead of trying to get perpetual reelection! SAD
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS OH BLESS U CHUCK-WE'LL GET MORE 4 FLIPPING BURGERS - SINCE U GAVE OUR REAL JOBS TO INDIA!
Build the wall.
2024? Those that need it, need it now not 7yrs from now! $15 in 2024 will turn into what it is today, NOT ENOUGH!
Economics course
It can not be enforced all at once B/C it will create mass unemployment. Spread  over years nobody will notice the job loss
Still sucks
Yep.
Don't have family if all you can do is min wage. WAKE UP
Seem like a person I would never want to know! Probably a very lonely person. Btw, drop the Tree part of your name, nuts fits you perfectly
Why $15 why not $50 people need to make a living right? 
You know it doesn't work.
years to implement it is what the problem is. Never catching up!
the Hike would "Increase the likelihood and duration of unemployment for low-wage workers, particularly during economic downturn".
Is there a Democrat alive with a brain that has a clue about how the economy works?? You clearly don't.
Really And just who r they going to work 4  Cause they're won't be any companies around that can afford them or customers able pay
Yea Schumer, and it will cut jobs! You are clueless.
Why so you can pick their pockets with income taxes
The real numbers show a net job loss as businesses close and lay off workers. Please learn to add and subtract like working Americans.
Who makes up 42% of the economy? Small businesses! It's not affordable
LESS JOBS ARE THE FAULT OF BARACK OBAMA !
??? What about their supervisors??  They will need raises. What about their managers - they need a raise. Prices rise - more in poverty
Millions of senior citizens between 62 and 66 would have to quit their jobs or pay a 50% TAX PENALTY to Social Security thanks to Democrats

And shut down thousands of small businesses
Yeah.. and you'll find your tax revenues dropping as ppl work under the table..small businesses can't afford $15/hr for HS kids or unskilled
It will put them out of work, robots will flip those burgers, be more dependable and do a better job.
Who in that group has education above 8th grade? Low wage workers need to go to school and learn what work is, goofing off does not count
Tell Perez at the DNC, this might be a good place to start on the Dems mission since he can't seem to come up with a coherent message!Sheesh
Aaaaannddd raise consumer prices which will just make them poor again.  Educate them so they can get a good job and take care of themselves
Do this TRUMP be unconventional think outside the box do this
Why not just let them vote in their own raise like congress does for them selves that would be fair wouldn't itboy
Perhaps you could have fought for it while you had dems running the govt?? This is a fake fight!!
Chuck you really need a class in Econ 101.  Our economy doesn't work the way that you think.  Or are you just pandering for votes.
What $42 million people????  It would put more people out of work and on welfare. It would raise prices beyond reason. Think of America-pls
oh no it won't. It will shut down available jobs like it is everywhere including the airport check in procedures now!
Why don't you liberal Democrats at the top of the food chain pay the minimum wage increase out of your millions
You're just trying to shore up your voter base at the poorest levels. Well ironically your own multimillionaires.
It would also lead to automation across the board and huge job losses. Short sighted and stupid.
But by then it won't be worth anything.   I hope my 16 yr old working at Burger King doesn't get replaced by a kiosk.
In the end, corporations never lose, they have teams of lawyers to figure out how to find loop holes, to screw their employees
I'm not against $15 min wage I'm against you making it a photo op. Do something Chuck. Stop obstructing!!!!!!
already proven disastrous
Photo op Chuck is at it again
It will make 50% of those workers unemployed Chuckie.
And eliminate their jobs through technology.
$15/hour? He understands it doesn't make economic sense and will never pass. It's an attempt to generate votes. He IS what's wrong with Govt
How about reducing the sales & property tax in NY? Also focus on affordable housing & utilities?
and raise prices on goods across the country where then $15 an hour will still feel like $8 and cost jobs. Look at Wendys and their Kiosk's
That would be a nice idea, but unsustainable. What happens when the price of everything else goes up in order for employers to pay for this?
I'll be dead in 2024, but thanks for the thought..
Deport all the illegal aliens and that will help wages go up. Illegal aliens keep wages low.
You can't be serious
bad idea Chuckie.
Real patriot force to work for min wage just so Donald trump and his billionaire buddies can avoid paying taxes more for the rich
To afford a cheeseburger  am I going to get a raise! Looks like a lot of people are going to be eating at home.$15=less jobs
Catchy talking point but it's been proven that this is not how it goes in practice. Nobody will pay $15 for a . Companies won't charge it.
Senator pls keep fighting to keep OBAMA CARE it is a working healthcare plan keep fighting for our country and our people Cont
we need All the politicians dems n repubs to stand up for our country and our people NOT their own damn special interests
already happening in N.Y. n free tuition for college at state schools for lower to middle class students thx 2 best politicians
LOL read the fine print and also, nothing is FREE. Tax payers are footing the bill.
What about all the state workers that make below $15. Is @NYGovCuomo ready to pay up?
Yes & also could mean layoffs for others. We have to be careful on raises.
Do the math on an 8hr day (even) 6 days a week. See how well you'd be living if this was what you earned. So . . .  what do you think?
$720/week, $2,880/mo, $34,560/year (and that's before taxes which will be higher for them than corporate America.)
Your complaining about the taxes already on a fake wage hike that's never going to happen
By the time they get it things will be so much worse. They need it now!
I see alot of jobs going away becouse of this. But it will get Dems votes for now.
And close small businesses and layoffs because that wage can't be sustained. Brilliant.
70,000 jobs gone because of NAFTA. Because of Bill Clinton.
@SenateDems you better drop @SenSanders fast! Or you will be loosing real @TheDemocrats !
Chuck can you list everything you have Helped your Pres. with?
How many jobs will be lost to automation by 2024? We need to talk about universal #basicincome for all to create a level playing field.
In 7 years they will need another raise
reduce the wages of senators
Narcissist, opportunist, @SenSanders has no credibility until he releases his taxes and more importantly, files his FEC papers. #DirtyBernie
and put $41 million out of work! Raise the wages of those who are protecting us, I.E.: military men and women, police, fire
Arizona voters just raised minimum wage and our economy is doing well thanks
What's your minimum wage
$15 minimum wage should happen sooner than 2024.
2024 you serious you'll be 80 years old what are you going to do then leave a mess for the Next Generation Master one problem

Robots get $0 per hour and are not subject to workers comp insurance, health insurance, etc. This is a ploy for votes & will crush the poor
By 2018 you mean?
How does a 7 year wait help low-wage workers now, when the money is needed? Many could be bankrupt by 2024!
Chuck, you don't know anything about business. Minimum wage jobs are for high schoolers. Work with Trump & his agenda. He has created jobs!
Rodney agree 100% with you, he knows zilch, let's reduce his wages
Yes!
How much of an increase is needed to just keep up with inflation.? Is $15/hr a real increase in buying power, or just staying even?
2024!!!!! What's the RUSH? Low wage waiting while Trumphole gives BILLIONS in tax breaks to the 1% More than way ridiculous!
how about working hard for your raise instead of government mandates increase? Opps I forgot Dems don't like to work for what they get
Let's make it 500, so we can all be millionaires and get those huge tax cuts
for every dollar u raise it I'm firing 1 person
It would also raise prices on every service and product we buy.
2024??  By then CEOs will be making 3m an hour
You have no clue how to run a company, why do you think I trust you with regulating business? TERM LIMIT OUT, TERM LIMIT OUT TERM LIMIT OUT
Yeah and a 2.00 hamburger would be 10.00
Too late! We need that deminimus now!!!!! #resist
Horrible idea. Congress needs to work with Trump & his agenda. He has actually created jobs! Control immigration & wages go up.
Hey Chuck try taking a Business 101 class you rock head.
#ghostsoldiers Discovers Obama Was Spending $300 Million on Fake Afghan Soldiers,  Trump Gives Pentagon New Orders
