NY parade that schumer supports
This looks like a set up. Trying to show you have black friends. What a phony. Tell us what you were overheard saying about minorities.
Nice to finally see something worthwhile from the Senator, instead of perpetuating petty partisan attacks and trite insults @ President
Schumer said should not be opening Coal Mines we should be bldg Solar, Wind Mills, etc Obama funded Solar they went broke Where has he been
and schumer a got damn nut case
“@SenSchumer: Arrest Comey NOW! 
 #Perjury #Leak
#FelonyArrestComey
Unbelieve that the DIRECTOR of FBI wld himself LEAK memos. He says he was intimidated- ha! PATHETIC! No wonder Russia tried hacking
Hey Schumer is not wearing his glasses down on the bottom of his nose in this picture what's the deal
SO FULLFILLING A GLORIOUS MEMORY AND BEGINNING OF HOLY MATRIMONY mY BLESSINGS TO THIS FUNLOVING COUPLE
You forgot this one! Exchanging  for corruption over a drink?
That's what you're good at, Chuck. You should stick to that instead of your self-important political "position."
Why would somebody ask for help with a proposal? Drama queens. We already knew this about you.
Wow they were like who is this white dude?
great photo...xoxo
We need an investigation of Comey and Lynch for obstructing justice!
It's coming . It better be
Why do you have to mock this couples beautiful moment? This says a lot about your character
They though u were Maury Povich
GO @SenSchumer
What are you going to do with this toxic solar panels when they become garbage?
UHRAH!
FAKE NEWS SCHMUCKELS LOOKS FOR GOOD PRESS.POLITICAL PROP ARTIST AT ITS BEST.
Chuck. Resign. You're a waste of space. The president wants to deal.  YOU dont
My name is Chuck Schumer and this is a photo op for me. I don't care about any of these people.
It is time for you to tell Senator Gilibrand that crass talk is not acceptable.. You may disagree WITH President Trump but be a Lady..
isis & TERRIOST SYMPATHIZER LOSER
 congrats to Tyrone and Vernell! 
Congrats to this sweet couple! Very clever proposal! Good job Chuck!
Yeah and a great photo op to.
That's the first positive tweet you've had in momths.
So does he!
Good job Senator Schumer she sure looks like a keeper!
Woww faker...you'll do anything to make your self look good ..huh.How much did you charge him ???
That's wonderful
Z how do you sleep at night tell the people of America the fake propaganda
That is sweet...
Go Trump
Sweet
Congratulations to the happy couple 
You, sir, are a mensch!
Shouldn't you be working on Medicare for All? Or suing Trump under the emoluments clause? So much to do & you prioritize this? smh ...
Good for them but what you do for the African people's nothing just taking advances to those people's who's you manipulating real good  
any bitchy flight attendants on this flight?
chuck, you might be a nice guy, but you just don’t have what it takes to understand common sense politics… economica… government… etc.
Love is a wonderful gift for all of us.
There are always casualties of War but the best for the whole always outweighs the few !!!! #TravelBan
A real vet would not spit on Schumer or any Democrat.
Democrats hate the military and vets.
If you look close enough you can see chuckies liberal crocodile tears. Congratulations to the newly engaged couple.
How sad you have to pat yourself on your own back.
Awwww, how sweet!
they must have been Democrats, otherwise you would have screamed at them like you did the Califanos. You're a fair weathered friend Chucky
Did you give them address to nearest planned parenthood facility afterwards? Couldn't just call them American's?
#Lordy look at that ring! He didn't need you, Sen Schumer but it was icing on the cake. Congrats to the couple!
they look like a cute couple
Anything for a photo op Chuckles
Congratulations to the lovely couple
Details!! WE NEED DETAILS!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome
what a great experience! congratulations to the happy couple!!!

Congrats to Vernell and Tyrone.
Congratulations to both of them. 
Senator Schumer, you're such an honorable man. We need more people like you running our country. Congratulations to the happy couple too.
Love it
I hope the story ends with Tyrone throwing you out of the  afterward. #SpecialMemories
It's great that they went to you, Senator, & *didn't go to Jared* #Congrats to the happy couple!
This whole thing is a crock.
Which whole thing is that, John?
Sign of a practiced & skilled politician. TRASHING members of the opposition in one breath and then turning on your phony smile on cue! ICK
What a @USMC!  So nice.
#DNCFraudLawsuit  #Demexit summer continues
Fabulous Congrats to the cute couple! May your wedding have fond memories, great way to start.
Why are we paying for you to fly with regular Americans? When I'm Senator, I will help every Senator get their own plane!
Yawn......
Chuck is my guy!!!
Noting how you're flying commercial these days. I used @tedlieu 's whistleblower website to report all the times you flew private into TEB.
I knew all those flights were illegal. Likely illegal gifts. But made no difference when Obama was in the WH. Different story now.
Congratulations to the happy couple! :)
A lot better than the refugee criminal you helped in country only to commit crimes. Give a thought of retiring term limit poster boy
Playing 'yenta', @SenSchumer ??  

Congratulations to the newly engaged couple!! Nice to hear something happy!!
Nice pix.
Schumer has his hand behind their backs. I hope they checked their pockets before they left
Congrats to the couple!
I've always heard you're quite the matchmaker for congressional staffers... Way to go! Congratulations to this lucky couple! #MazelTov
Now I have heard that you love Hamas with Obama.
How cool! Congratulations to the beautiful couple!
Tell us more about this.
SENATOR SCHUMER WE SHOULD HELP AS MUCH AS WE CAN ;MY LOVE GREW BECAUSE SO MANY PEOPLE I HAVE ENCOUNTERED ;OFFERED LOVE; HELP ;AND UNDERSTAN.
congratulations!
Aw so nice. Congrats to the newly engaged couple
that is all your good for
Awww! Mazel Tov! Wishing them many happy years ahead! 
Congrats and thank you for your service!
Wow, congrats to the happy couple!
What a great way to start your weekend!!
Congrats to them both!!!
Awwww...Congratulations!
Romans 8:32
He who did not spare His own Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He not with Him also freely give [1/2]
us all things? [2/2]
