Hell!! Ted Cruz is a HOAX!!
Fake Christain and fake American
sen Schumer you are admitting Obamacare is expensive!  That is what we've been saying all along:repeal it now!
Given the absolute mess Obamacare's given Americans, you ain't in a position to talk about HCR, Mr. Schumer.
hey Chuck you have nothing to do besides twitting?
Sen. Cruz & GOP speak tons of lies. Everything they say is pretty much a lie designed to please their masters at expense of 99% Americans.!!
The insurance corporations trying to ensure that the ACA will fail by doing things like that. They work hand-in-hand with GOP robber barons
Hey @SenSchumer --> @SenTedCruz is actually trying to get something done. All you and your crowd are doing is obstructing and whining.Resign
Mr. Schumer if you have all the answers on Healthcare why are we trying to repeal Obamacare
Ask the republicans
well if you can't see Obamacare is not good for American then I don't know what to tell you I guess just keep drinking the Kool-Aid
Explain...what is "not good" about it?
How about the insurance corporations are in bed with GOP & they are in bed with billionaire Koch bros. This is not good for you.
Great point Mimi. It's all you need to know, along w fact that insurnc companies helped write trumpcare, only constituency involved. Corrupt
Just like most corporate interests write legislation these days and that's why they're trying to get rid of regulations.
show the paper trail of campaign contributions from big Pharmica to the Republicans.
Chief Clown @SenSchumer , at least @SenTedCruz has submitted an amendment. The whinning is strong with you obstructionists.
Keep up the fight!!!
.@SenSchumer and you want us to believe you   when you had to "pass Obamacare" before you read it? #RepealAndReplace
guise of lowering premiums? health care more expensive? Sorry Chucky, that's the failure known as obamacare
Another one in politics who never read our Constitution.
We don't believe you, or any other Senator or House member from either side! You guys are scum and need to be voted out!
Lower premiums for those who pay their premiums, higher premiums for those who get subsidies.-you schmuck, schumer
Would love to see the CBO estimate for a single payer plan... CA's failed bill cost over $400B just to initiate...
Cost of single payer is comparable or less than overall cost we are paying in healthcare costs. All other single payer countries prove this.
Does the CBO agree?
You can ask them. We spend the most per capita on health care and don't cover everyone. Hard facts back this up. No need for theoreticals.
Free healthcare and a universal income seem unAmerican to me. We earn what we get. If we don't have enough, we do without, or work smarter.
Do free fire stations, roads, public schools & libraries also seem Un-American? Anyway, hope you are rich & healthy. We all get old & sick.
Nope, but these are local services, for the most part paid for & decided on by cities, counties, states... not feds.
How about if universal healthcare manage at the state level?
ACA was a hoax
Tell my well body that. ACA works!
ACA only works if you don't.
Lol!!! Good luck with that, goober.
Facts don't care about your feelings
You wouldn't know a fact if it slapped the comic book out of your hand.
I've never read a comic book in my life
That might be the problem.
Whatever you have left for constituents I'm sure are not pleased by your lack of getting anything done except bitch about Trump. LOSING.
If Ted Cruz is involved it can't be good for the majority of Americans.
Ted Cruz is also a hoax.
And how exactly did the "Affordable" Care Act lower premiums or make health care less expensive?
It didn't! But, illegals & those on welfare got free HC! The rest of us working ppl can't afford it!
That's who @chuckschumer wanted covered! The rest of us just get to foot the bill. While HE has Cadillac healthcare paid for by us too
If they had to be on whatever they deemed suitable for us. Then things would get better!
You got that right! They should NOT be allowed to exempt themselves. If it's good enough for us it's good enough for them
and will result in high risk pools again. US can't afford BRCA or Cruz amend. #VoteNoBCRA #whereiscorygardner?
<I do not give a ratazz what he thinks, he never cared what we thought so just push it @SenTedCruz, PUSH IT!
And you should know about making health care more expensive! SMH
Cruz is a hoax! Lying POS just like his hobby lobby buddy!
Republican "healthcare" plan is a tax cut plan for wealthy. Rs had 6 years to come up with something; now in power & have nothing? EPIC FAIL
I would expect no less out of something @SenTedCruz would be involved with. 1st GOP & benefitting donors LONG before Americans
You suck at this Twitter thing, Chuck. You really do.
You mean when Trump called him lyin Ted and Ted turned around endorsing him it all might have had some significance afterall!
You are so worried about those who might lose insurance. Did not bat an eye when millions lost coverage because of Obamacare.
Chucky you and some of your colleagues are the biggest hoax.
Like you are worried about expensive?  You are the one who drove up premiums and deductibles.
Please be quiet. You didn't do it right so you are the last person we should listen to.
Let's read Hillary's 1993 plan
We aren't fooled.  Don't let the GOP Senators be fooled
schumer and the lying Dems are a threat to our country and should be removed according to our constitution
Cruz is a hoax
@SenSchumer it's a simple fix to the One payer option the socialists want. Chuck, Are you one of those... Socialists? say it isn't so.
you sure know how to spot hoaxes, Chuck... must be an expert 
Chucky go back to your hole
That's the Republican mantra, Say it is the opposite of what it is!!
.....now you've declared the left wants to help. The truth is you don't have any intention of helping the right. You know the right....
Sen Schumer, your concerns on this Health Care are empty. On one hand, you are hard core against ANY Republican plan..."the Resistance"....
....so at election time (depending upon Health Care) You & followers can cry foul. Your (ctoa) will be: "they wouldn't work with us" TRUE
If Ocare was so good, why was it not good enough for the Ruling Class? Could you please explain.
The biggest hoax was Obamacare!!!! A corrupt law from day 1!
How can you say that about "Lyin' Ted" - the only Trump nickname that works.
Mr. Schumer, i am so glad you're my senator. We know you will always fight for us and for what's right. Thank you.
Take a nap, Chuckie!

Again: Now is the time for @SenateDems and #moderate #republicans to work together to fix and #SaveACA - Lives are at stake!
ACA is the Hoax!  You voted for that.  Own it Chuckie!
Mr Schumer, if O care is so great why r people opting out, why are insurance co 's leaving, why r deductibles so high? Wealth xfer is bad.
I for one don't believe one word that comes from lying Ted.  He does not listen to Texans. He only listens to those who fill his back pocket
If Obamacare was so great, why weren't all the politicians on it?
Ppl in Texas knew Cruz amendment was smoke and mirrors to get attention like he is doing something. Cruz 2018 reelection is a wash.
Well, that is the GOP. Liars
Ted Cruz is a fruit loop. Don't worry tge normal ppl see right through it.
The whole Democratic Party is a hoax as far as I'm concerned.
Just words without explanation. You are all talk no action
Make no mistake, if you were a Senator in any other state you would have been out of a job long ago.
Don't trust a Cruz. No way no how!!
Do NOt trust cruz. Not honest in TX politics either. Agendas & paybacks are standard operating procedure. @potus looked for "trump loyalty"
Lies
Tell us again, Chuck, how Obamacare is going to save us all $2500 a year and how if we like our plan, we can keep it
Healthcare cannot possibly be more expensive than Obamacare made it.
How so?
Shouldn't you be making comments on your girl Linda Sarsours speech!!! Purely DISGUSTING!!! Shame on the left 
And what did you do and why don't you come up with something better
The real hoax Schumer and the Socialist Democratics
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10214758993595188&id=1435398287&refid=7&_ft_=top_level_post_id.10214758993595188&__tn__=%2As …
Your whole career is a hoax Chuckie...repeal it, go to the free market...
Should I take your word on this?  Make no mistake, you have an impressive of making health care more expensive.
@GovHowardDean @SenTedCruz Universal single payer. Get it done or get out of the way.
@GovHowardDean @SenTedCruz  It's time for Americans to join the rest of the developed world , gentleman. Universal single payer.
@votevets Cruz is a paid for stooge of the Kochs. Did he also do some insurance stock investment this week? Call GOP out on it!

An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
Ted Cruz is a hoax right?  Dad was Oswald's pal and his wife is a dog?
@saygnitegracie3 @SenTedCruz damn you even"atted" him 

Snake in the grass
About that bipartisan... Or was that just a hoax when you said that too?
Lying Schumer hasn't offered anything in the way of helping his own parties failed ACA, but yes, by all means, let's blame everyone else.
Crybaby, do you ever get that feeling nobody gives a  what you say anymore?
As opposed to the 45% increase we have seen since Obama care?  Oh, and we lost my wife's  Oncologist and our Primary Dr.
Wrong.
Zero Credibility Schumer 
Of course it does.  Ted Cruz doesnt care abt anyone but his rich buddies koch and running against donald
You don't seem to understand the concept of hypocrisy do you?
That's too bad because for once I thought he might have a good idea.
Thank you for your letter calling out the President for dereliction of duty if he doesn't confront Putin. All Americans should be outraged!
Well well if is not Chuck the Muck spilling obama shit from his mouth.
I knew it. Sad. 
How so?
Shtz 4 brains
Then how did my premiums go from $190/month to $850/month on ACA?!
Oh dear, here comes the Schumer batch of lies and Alinsky type tactics. Leftists have no clue of reality.  Always misguiding w/ no truth.
Why aren't you guys screaming about this voter suppression plot by Kobach / Trump. This is not normal. It's the our last defense to tyranny.
At least he's not trying to sneak it through under the cover of the dark of night like a certain healthcare debacle one could mention.
Ocare
Thank you
Obama admitted the Affordable Care Act wasn't perfect... He admitted it... If the Republicans would have played in the ground...
It's so freaking frustrating dealing with the GOP PARASITES that refuse to honest about the time of day
You mean THE Ted Cruz who called Trump a "pathological liar" and a "serial philanderer"?  THAT Ted Cruz???
And "if you like your plan you can keep it." Also, "a family of four will save $2,500." You sir are a damn liar.
You're the hoax, get off Twitter and start working to fix the system you and your hack Democrat buddies broke
Since you are the Oracle of knowledge why don't you come up with a better plan? I don't hear anything coming from your lips.
might actually be right for once Chucky.  As long as easy gov money insurance co are going to suck up money. Take away all gov contributions
Your as believable as CNN. That nonsense only works in NY and the west coast.
Ted Cruz is a joke!
Trust me senator, anytime @tedcruz speaks we know he's lying. He lies while smiling. He's a horrible person.
@SenTedCruz is a hoax all by himself.

It makes #Healthcare inaccessible; you'd pay for something that does not cover you in sickness
Slimy - shame on you lyin' Ted Cruise
Only the free market can bring down the cost of health insurance and health care, not government.
The hoax is that u r an actual Sen.
Who hacked you, no one can be this stupid
more expensive than you and your trolls already made it?
not fooled...we know Cruz has no problem lying about everythinghe  threw his wife & father under the bus for Trump...having our backs #not
That makes sense since @SenTedCruz is a hoax. @BetoSenate2018
Clown. @chuckschumer
You mean to say Russia investigation is  a Hoax ! 
This from the guy who promised that Obamacare would lower costs. It was a lie. Don't believe him! #FakeNews
Hi.  My premiums jumped to $1800 monthly under the ACA.  The ACA is a hoax.
Make no mistake, you and your Dem cronies made health care unaffordable.
Time for a change!
Everyone knows Chuck. Everyone already knows, the minute you said Ted Cruz
Hey! I'm a hoax too!
Schumer, you're a joke.  How about getting a real job?  You've had one right? Oh wait, you haven't!

The hypocrisy is astonishing. Putting a #Rejected liberal ideology over country-proven #Subversive & very #Dangerous
Will The Real Chuck Schumer Stand Up 

You should certainly know a hoax
Your a hoax @SenSchumer
I think it's wonderful.
Make no mistake, Chuck's faux concern is a hoax.
Seriously? Obamacare quadrupled my premium. Oh, & put my company out of business. Thanks for that. This can ONLY help.
Pretty sure @tedcruz is a hoax or played someone on Tv
Proof
You tell them, Chucky! You Dems are the obvious experts on the whole "hoax of lowering premiums" shtick.
Hey Chucky: donut call with Putin tomorrow.
Ya but if you like your doctor, you can definitely keep him, correct?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10214755574789720&id=1435398287&refid=17&__tn__=%2As …
Right and many Dem obstacles that should not exist, Senator.
Make no mistake. You, Pelosi and the rest of the Dems have absolutely no credibility to talk about Healthcare costs.
Make no mistake, the @SenTedCruz amendment is a hoax. Under the guise of lowering premiums, it makes health care more expensive.
and we should believe you because of your sterling record of truth-telling and the lower premiums from Obamacare?
Make no mistake, the @SenTedCruz amendment is a hoax. Under the guise of lowering premiums, it makes health care more expensive.
@TheChuckNellis @cinders1313 Hey Chuckie the premiums have gone through the roof, with the DemocRATS Obamacare.Partisan politics not working
From the party that gave us a healthcare program that has committed suicide...You knew it wouldn't work but you didn't care, you passed it.
@SenTedCruz u no he's a male puppet can't hold his own-@realDonaldTrump took his ass down a couple notches like a split-
That doesn't surprise me. Ted Cruz is in it for the love of his pocketbook and party. What comes around goes around.
It cost you over a billion dollars to make a freakin website and you expect people to take advice from you about this?  Dear God man.
WHAT A DISGRACE @realDonaldTrump IS !
Oh please, do tell when the government was so corrupt they caused something they are rallying against.  Upstate NYer here,  You fool no one.
Show us how Chuck.
Fool, it's about insurance not Healthcare.
More expensive than what you made it? I doubt it.
Marginally lower premiums for poor coverage with exorbitant deductibles isn't a solution; it is cruelty.
Well come on mr schumer I'm sure some how cruz will save money
Mr Schumer. Whatever reps come up with, you and Dems don't like it. Obamacare is dying and so are the Dems policies. Get to work.

Why would you care? Like with Obama Care you will probably be exempt from buying it.


#ObamacareFail #DemocratLies #SchumerLies
#ObamacareFail #DemocratLies #SchumerLies
#ObamacareFail #DemocratLies #SchumerLies
#ObamacareFail #DemocratLies #SchumerLies
