Just remember the way to ascertain when Schumer is lying? IF his lips are moving.......he's lying
Republicans accusing ANYBODY of lying is the most ironic, ridiculous thing ever.
Impeach Trump for what ....beating Crooked Hillary ? 
He's a threat to the swamp that's one reason also he is curtailing illegal immigration ie new dem voters is another reason and he's energy +
Is it fun to be this delusional?
I have no idea, you tell me

Way to go, Chuck. Two Trump critics (you being a third) to one member of his cabinet. THAT is how liberal airheads get brainwashed by NBC.
Anyone who isn't angry has not been paying attention. Our enemy (the atheist lib media) has their side mad. Our side is late but waking up.
I don't understand the impetus for your comment. Demeaning sarcasm?
You are contending that the person who responded to my comment is my lord. That's weird.
Maybe Sen Graham can explain why party is more important than our country
Because he's enforcing the laws that your Congress wrote.  Don't like the laws, then you need to change them, and not by EO.
Um, this makes no sense and Trump is bellowing his executive orders from any mountain his obese ass can get to. So... what?
Obama wrote lots of EOs, they can be reversed, Trump is reversing. Laws are supposed to be written by Congress.
Tillerson schooled Chuckie Todd on class and intellect.  Too bad he's not intelligent enough to absorb any. Keep sucking bottom feeder.
You’re sitg down with sec of state & with a short period of time to ask really serious, important questions, this is where you go? STUPID
Chuck. Find a job that fits your agenda Radar or TMZ perhaps?
Chuckie Todd you better get your rage and hatred under control.
we need a special prosecutor on Clinton email, foundation,and possible bribe of Lynch
Why is the time the podcast is posted so inconsistent Sunday to Sunday?
@LindseyGrahamSC gave a respectable response. Not as bold as it could've been but much better than the position you've been taking
He's a coward. Like @SenJohnMcCain he's a tough talker, but wiener between the tail on votes.
I mean Trump released Graham's cell  number to the public and Graham had to change his number! But I  McCain don't compare the two
Tillerson is a coward & a disgrace to this country.
I think it's time for you and the media to start serving the people. People have stopped watching the news, sick of the lies
Hopefully you will ask Lindsey if party is more important than his country.
You can actually say that with a straight face? You think the democratic party is more important than god. Disgusting

Hey Chuck next time when you have the. Opportunity to interview SOS could you ask him what his favorite song is too? #wastedoppurtunity

Ha! What's up with the graphic! Schumer didn't make the cut for the "exclusive" tag?
Thanks 4 calling Tillerson out. I'm so tired of DT yahoos admitting Russian election interference but denying election impact #stayLOUD
Chuck SCHUMER never in same room at same time as Meryl Streep ... wow
Will Meryl Streep play chuck SCHUMER in the upcoming film?
Why do Republicans keep saying no evidence of collusion when all the evidence has not been revealed ? Perhaps to mislead
We are sick and tired of being sick and tired of the corruption and greed displayed by the Republican Party.
Funny ignorant DemonRats
Why do U insist Chuck on still making that 17 agencies reported on Russia lie? Even liar Clapper admits it was only 3 and found no collusion
@MSNBC Rs protect,deflect,cover, defend 45 at all costs.Ran down HRC nonstop,pulled out every option.0 hesitation.
My guests on #MTP this a.m.: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, @SenSchumer & @LindseyGrahamSC. 
First time I've heard LG stand up and say something I could respect in ages. Yes, this is a disaster that this Pres created.
Good interview
Chuck: Why didn't you ask Sen Graham about Trump's call to notify him he was firing Comey? Graham admitted Trump brought up Comey testimony
Why didn't I post Lindsey Graham interview?? Oooh!  Doesn't fit ur # narrative #propaganda
Why didn't YOU POST*
Chuck I watched your interview with Secretary of State Rex Tilerson it seemed awkward in your questioning.
Two refreshingly honest people and then there's Schumer...
Tillerson is a danger to our Democracy. Nobody wants us to kiss & make up with the Russians! They want the Russians to STOP ATTACKING!
Hey @chucktodd you had SOS Tillerson on and the whole segment on Russia fake news. What about North Korea Syria or other real issues? #hack
Are you a trader your country or loyal to Hillary Clinton fake news
Hey Chuck, Why didn't you ask Hillary why she took millions from Kremlin for Uranium One deal?
somehow I felt like Lavrov really was surprised... you're kidding??
Watching now on DVR.
So Tillerson wants the US in bed with Russia? The past is the past no biggy? Did I misunderstand???
Up next, on the old, completely out of touch, white guy hour...
Keep up the crappy work. With your biased drivel, UR virtually guaranteeing @GOP landslide in 2018/2020. U 2 stupid 2 realize u helping us 
Chuck: GREAT questioning of SOS Tillerson & it is OBVIOUS he remains Putin's buddy!
& it's OBVIOUS @LindseyGrahamSC isn't interested in REALLY lookng at #TrumpRussia or he'd be willing to DEMAND #IndependentInvestigationNow
Amazing! Tillerson's only concern with Russia is better relations. Wow, he is in lock step with trump or better yet Putin.
Ok so I am not crazy?
It's fascinating how obvious you are. You don't even hide your bias.  Tillerson made fool out of you.
Oh Chuck!! Everyone else can see it as well
RT this as many times as possible ! Make a clear statement to the media !
Every time I see Tillerson I wish Jonathan Winters were alive to go on SNL!
If you critic the Demos you can bring them down. That is what Trump is doing. Brillant
Sorry Chuck, have to wash my hair. Hope losing 20% of your audience doesn't kill ratings too much.
#FakeNews from the #DMC #Democrat Media Complex!
I'd love to hear from Bob Gates soon? He recommended Tillerson, was cautiously optimistic re Trump after election. Need update given events.
@MeetThePress is just a @TheDemocrats strategy session #fakenews
I had some respect for Graham now he is just a whimp and a hypocrite. Has Trump bribed him what does trumphave on him
Ask Schummer why his party did not appoint a Special Prosecutor for Hillary's biggest breach of national security EVER.
Ask Schumer why his party did not appoint Special Prosecuter. Obama was aware for a year before election.

Chuck Schumer wouldn't make a pimple on Rex Tillersons azz.
@chucktodd ask @LindseyGrahamSC how much longer he's going 2 allow the deceit and collusion of this administration to go on.
If Jeff Sessions had answered truthfully at confirmation... he may not have been confirmed... he calculated to lie, then obfuscate...

@SenSchumer is a #FakeRepresenative he represents criminals not citizens who voted 4 him criminals
Cry a little for us Chucky baby
Tillerson let the Russians mock us Tax Payers are paying him to do nothing But he sure knows how praise Putin and Trump
Hellary and podestas made millions from our uranium they gave Putin
Not a pair between the 3 of them
Tillerson said he has strong principles. He is a mockery. But we have to get them fired. They are mocking us
Yes, let's get them fired!! The economy is strong and unemployment is down!
You are one of the zombies be gone
You are a sheep. Follow the others. No independent thinking. Believe the TV not facts. But hey  if you did that you would be republican.
Really look in the mirror
Great start this morning. Very funny
Lindsey Graham what a waste of time.  He's all talk and no action.  He's a Trumper believe me.
Remind them of the lowest approval of all time. And he lost the popular. Will get worse. Nov 2018 storms coming
You might be surprised. President Obama said in speech that those who didn't vote were responsible for this outcome
Variety
Oh look! White men.
That is a pretty big lineup right there.
I didn't ever think watching USPOL news would be what I actually WANT to do Mother's Day morning, but I'd like to hear the adults speak!!
Take no crap Chuck. Call them out for the liars They are !
Please, just once, slip up and call the guy "Tex Drillerson." There's a case of beer in it for you.
Certified letter sent to Graham with Trump taxes. Your silent?
Get em chuck.........
Graham is a flopper all talk little action.what comes first  Country  or a bunch of hasbeens on the right that want to control everything
Question, no DRILL Tillerson on the scandalous un-American WH Russian press photos/USA Reporters snub.
AND he should apologize to @mitchellreports .
#CountryB4Party 
#VotersAreWatching 
#VotersDoYourHomework 
#VoteOutGOP
tear cuck you up! Put him in his place!#no investigation going on!!!
One word that is missing from Trumps view of America ... integrity. Nothing he or his administration does has any integrity.
Will this be in English? My Russian is practically non existent.
Just don't look tillerson in the eye. Aka Mr. Tony, ka cheeserie
Hamner the Russian Stooge.
Ask @LindseyGrahamSC tough questions! When is he going to put country before party, appoint a special counsel/prosecutor & impeach Trump?
Would lov cto watch Schuner is standing up for us but the other two whimps I can't even stand to look at
Of course little Chucky will have his high chair jacked up so that he can look down on his guests... what a jerk he has turned out to be
Hey Chuckie. I will watch the interview with the Secretary of State but I won't watch the commentary and round table. It is always biased.
Chuck I hope you had a priest to Exorcize your studio! #RUSSIAGATE
What a horrible way to start Mother's Day Chuck! ☆
good luck getting anything meaningful from 2 of them
After Tillerson brought arrogant & sneering Lavrov to the West wing I felt like our democracy needed a hot shower and a dose of penicillin.
Cool - two pants on fire liberals and rock star.  Good choices
I am personally ashamed of Chuck, what an ass
Is there a way to live stream?@NBCNews
Maybe you will be objective?
Sure hope you'll ask Lindsey if he feels burned by Trump admin lies this week, having defended the firing based on info they walked back
Great Line up! Go after Tillerson HARD! Ask him why he didn't stand up 4 that reporter that was belittled by that Russian JERK Official?
Because that (so called) reporter was andreass bitchell-no manners, no pride-a disgrace to OUR COUNTRY & OUR PRESIDENT! meliass = snowflake!
@LindseyGrahamSC is turning into @realDonaldTrump  #cockholster   #lockstep
And Andrea Mitchell...ssh! Don't tell Tillerson.
I'm afraid he won't or can't.not sure which but Pence got away with murder a few sundays ago! Pence lied through his teeth w/o challenge.
He did it from the debate. Now you see trump not comfortable in his skin but Pence has developed the art of lying you can't even tell
You might wanna ask @LindseyGrahamSC when enough is enough or does he like being made a fool of by Trump & Co.
When is Schumer on? I don't want to hear him howling and clawing at the turf about Russian's.
U mean Tillerson is going to talk on camera Hallelujah
Well two out of three
