Poor police having to protect a crazy, greedy, evil, and u g l y little man nobody can stand. MAGA! MAGA!!!!
thank you senator for finally saying something positive! They do s great job.
you are a disgrace along with many other Democrats and some Republican.  Not confirm the new supreme Court Judge is a disgrace
awe, being nice today. No Trump voters dinner to troll?
Thanking the Capitol Police, what a change from the man who is usually on the side of & supporting criminals
bear in mind @SenSchumer & his #DEMocRAT cronies care NOTHING about police or our safety! #ARRESTObama #arrestsoros #CrookedHillary

Liar
to bad you can't do the same for us.
have you read your responses? No one is happy with you except George Soros and Barack.  Hope it's worth your losing your seat.
they don't need your fake appreciation. The police are professionals and will even protect the likes of you

that's the nicest thing you have tweeted in awhile. Thank you
but its all BULLSH!T.  @SenSchumer doesnt give a rats ass about anything put an underhanded political photo op. #ARRESTObama
Senator if u have not done so already please bring attention to the fact that Nunes went to Paul Ryan first not intel committee
and your point? stop with the Russian bullshit it is dead now!!
News flash, it's just getting started!
news flash killary and Podesta have a connection to russia not Trump that's why the evil troll brought it up
Likely someone in a panic about loosing their mental health care coverage. Will see more mentally ill if bill passes.
looks like you lost yours with a stupid comment like that.

Maybe you'll just fall flat on your face & push your nose through your brain. No police can help that. MAGA!
check out the driver Chuckles,maybe you can spin an approach to push one of your agendas?
& his #DEMocRAT cronies have absolutely NO soul or conscience. DISGUSTING! #FOXNewsUS @seanspicer #trump #MAGA
IF only they could drag your anti-American ass off to jail......
wow you complimented law enforcement, only when it protects your sorry a$$
OH really?  Why do you hate police? Liars, you should be ashamed of yourself!
might want 2 include in keeping the unborn safe: "...Who's In the Room" to Deal W/Infants Born Alive"
Good point Jan!
Too bad Chuck Schumer doesn't care to keep America safe! Deport illegal aliens keep America safe!
They all wish they called in sick.  Chuck you don't need the police you live in delusional land where there's no such things as violence!
you're thanking the police now taking tips from the president@
dddd-
Israeli Occupation Forces shot dead a #Palestinian young girl in front of the Damascus gate, in occupied #Jerusalem a short while ago. 
the left + SOROS R hiring all these WH + Capital people to harm our President! U R all colluding in every way to get rid of him
unfortunately, not from people like YOU!
Thank God! I'm afraid it's going to get worse. D.C. is becoming more and more dangerous because of the insanity. Praying.
it's amazing! A tweet from chuck I can get behind and support.
#maga
#congressdoyourjob
hide yo kids *pedogate* hide yo wives *schumer dinnergate*
and no thanks to you for your obstruction.  You are driving America crazy with your political games! So tired of it.
Coming from guy w/LIMO. He squashed money to police funding in D.C. He demands Dems vote "NO" to all. Obstructionist gotta go.
to bad they don't lock you up jerk
Yeah now let ice and our police protect us from illegals.
STOP THE BS
Are you sure it wasn't the Russians? 
what about the rest of the police in the country,  u can't think them too ?
thanks Schumer for again wasting another work day for NYS. WHY ARE we paying you?  Highest nations taxes and welfare recipients
you are a lying hack. You are what's wrong with the country. Resign.
No thanks to you, Chuck. Oh, Bulletin: NUCLEAR OPTION coming!!
kiss up.
@SenateDems sure chucky, capital safe... What about the rest of the US dealing with illegal immigration
I'm sure you pissed your snowflake panties. You'd be safe, Terrorism loves terrorists. Stick to playing with balls Cuck Schumer.
US CAPITOL POLICE NEED TO TAKE A COUPLE DAYS OFF...
borders, check points  and safety for me, but not for thee.
let me guess it was the Russia trying to get in..  or they probably set it up .. why do u get security when u try and take ours
YOU EVER THOUGHT THEY MAYBE AFTER YOU ??  They like crazy people!!
REMEMBER ORGY ISLAND CHUCK??
The truth of your dirty ways is coming out Chucky!  Soon you will be forced to answer for all !
you want the capital safe but could give two shit's about NY when you took your oath didn't it say I will uphold the law? jerk
Canada won't let you in if you've had a DUI?? Yet you let killers and rapists in our country!
Innocent lives are getting taken over YOU BREAKING THE LAW!
Let's make DC a sanctuary  district!
You don't care illegals can murder us and walk free! You only care about votes to fatten your wallet!
You are nothing but a creepy old man who is getting $ from Soros !! You will be going down soon!
you need some Rogaine!!
no thanks to you and the DNCs war on the police of our great country!!!!
Life imprisonment. That's what you can get for failing to cooperate with ICE.
Oh here u go again Now pandering to the police Last year were crucifying them with black lives matter Now it's ok to praise them
what the hell, you are part of the idiots causing it.
how about you keep us Americans safe from illegal criminals, nope you want them here.
And remember to protect the IT aides that are traitors. You buddy Putin needs the intel. Traitor!
you hypocrites. And you want to allow all those that hate us. Should send them to your house
Making nice with the Police won't keep them from arresting Ur A--!
can't wait until they escort you out
First smart thing you said since election
Chuck, you remind me of that whining little boy that was picked on in school. All grown up now but still whining!
you started it by your tweet
The capital is safe but we the people aren't because of all the illegals you have let in. You don't live by the laws you pass! 
Breaking: Disgruntled unhinged feminist obamanite challages US Capital Police, decrying Injustice & not enough French fries @BK
- wish u would have kept people like Kate safe in your illegal sanctuary cities
can you do something about your buddy @HillaryClinton speaking to keep us divided & encouraging violence!  #hypocrisy
Scary moment brought swiftly under control w/no injuries.  Capital police are a cool headed group.
Did you have anything to do with it?
King Donkey!
U don't follow the law what do U care ,DIVIDER 
the poor lady u attacked needs the police to keep sexist predators like u away.
When are you going to start protecting the American people from the illegals and Muslims
you in sited this by your tweet
Says the Clown who allowed artwork of police depicted as pigs to be displayed at the Capitol. We know u have no respect 4 them.
no thanks to you Chuck for continuing to spread your vitriol and giving neo libs like yourself reason to act like maniacs
Yeah but you pulll strings to let a rapist into the country
Your BS rhetoric adds to the violence being committed in DC
No trump, president bannon, pence & trumps agenda & campaign has led to violence.  @SenSchumer
@SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi ...as long as you, Pelosi and Ryan are there it's still not safe!
Did you take Blood $ campaign contributions? "...Admitting Babies Born Alive After Abortion are Killed"
When are you going to actually do what you're paid for? I didn't realize constant squawking w/o doing anything was a paying job
hey Chucky, are those police armed with guns or your weapon of choice, a pointed finger?
then keep our borders safe Chuck
God know there work is cut out for them. God speed USCPD
They couldn't keep it safe from trump & his minions!!!
Job will be complete when they remove the russian conterparts. An puppets.
Don't handcuff them, or police anywhere in OUR great country by selective interpretation of the law. THEIR jobs are hard enough.
oh they found ur jaw jacking false teeth
Who pays for your retirement?
Who pays for your fancy medical insurance that nobody else has?
You had your office help pass an Indian mans visa through that was denied he then came to New York and raped a 12 year old child
Who pays for the Capitol Police?
. You sure thinks guns are okay to keep your sorry azzes safe
While you....Chuckles do every thing you can to make the rest of us unsafe.
A DC Democrat tried to run you over Chuck?
- at least they do their job Chuck!!
YOU just put Americans lives at risk by the corruption you support
Including shooting at just about anyone? Oh, that's right. She's a confused black driver. Was it really necessary?
Setting up the COG against Trump. Lay that foundation Chucky
you have some of the best updates from Senate - thanks.
suck up
stop "Scmoozing"-get to work? putting that NEW Comittee together to investigate #Trumprussia thingy-Hurryup before Swamppolutes
Ari-Schalom,Schalomcha,bisst gut/ hast vas schlecht gegessen?
A Democrat thanking the police? Hold on while I catch my breath!
You probably are not including the ones that voted Trump.
Unlike some snowflakes, he's not so petty as to leave his political opponents out of something. Jesus.
Really? I find him to be so petty that even America & it's citizens are are of lesser importance than his own party
Mhm. But it's not party over country when the GOP desperately blocks investigations and tax releases.
Schumer should be saying American people, Capitol & the WH safe.
What about you? Do you work for the safety of America?
Yes, he does.
