The best way for Dems to show what a #TrumpTaxScam it is, present a plan which will reduce MC taxes without any removal of deductions
Get a tax plan that doesn't have to have a cpa do them. People save a lot of money doing there own
I use TurboTax. I don't need my taxes simpler. I need them fairer.
I know Chuck, socialist government don't like prosperous people! But we're not socialist we thrive to be prosperous!
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
Here it is people! Middle class pays again! Go to the FB page above and watch this Trump CRAP!!!! He is such a LIAR!!!
Have never seen a poor person hire or create a job
Shut up
Schumer can find fault in a bouquet of roses when it comes to anything Trump. He knows taxreform and HC reform will guarantee dem demise
can’t just be you way or the highway ... and stop threatening your  members with retaliation if they don’t agree with you. Share you’r ideas
YOU want to destroy the economy and TAKE DOWN the middle class -- 51% of America!
don't let them do it
Another joke giving tax cuts to the rich ppl and increase for middle class
A lot to unpack? Just call it what it is. A cash grab for the rich. Afraid to bite the hand that feeds you?

A Trump supporter talking about truth. That’s rich.
It’s a huge tax cut for the rich. Show me in the full text of the bill where i’m wrong
Wow... I thought Trump tweeted too much... This is like a book... lost my attention.  Spend more time trying to contribute to tax reform.!
Chuckles the liar!
If U,Dem&GOP care about middle class& income inequality, tax on idividuals NOT Corp. Sould b20%<250k,25%<500k,35%<5mill,65% after. 4 10yrs
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck!!
Reducing taxes on the strong strengthens the weak! In the US, personal choices determine whether one eventually prospers financially or not.
This statement is ridiculous!!!!
Simple principle: You cannot ever strengthen the weak by weakening the strong!
Yes u can.  If u have 6 4 gauge wires on one side of a battery. And 10 4 gauge on the other side. U can balance for equal electron flow.
You're weakening the 10 & strengthening the 6. Balance of 8 wire on both sides. The key, balance. Nice try tho.
We are not wires... we are humans! Nice try though!
Thanks
Removing property tax deductions are a big loss for the middle class!
Schemer left that part out as it does not fit into his narrative.
Hotshots in both parties want to protect their donor's wallets with tax breaks. #TaxReform must be about helping the poor & middle class.
Tax cuts don't help the poor, they don't pay anything anyway.
When the @GOP talks about 'tax reform' they are talking about reducing social services for the poor to help pay for tax cuts. Not cool.
Works for me.
Not much to unpack around the estate tax cut which dishes up ~$3 Billion (with a B) to the Trump family
How about stopping business as usual and let's take care of our citizens in Puerto Rico. Repeal the Jones Act. Congress needs to act.
So you have no clue but spew filth and lies? You should be impeached...You always got NY to dig a deeper hole to bury it in 
Only the Fair tax or Flat tax is acceptable. Anything else is corruption. Why don't you propose a 18% flat tax. No deductions or estate tax.
Better to hurt the people than have Trump do well is the Democrat model for resist obstruct, make up false stories.
You have no idea about the tax bill plan as you have not been involved in it. Rem. obstruct at all costs, Trump must not get anything.
United States is republican and democrat! Stop choosing and work for all of us regardless of party ! You will get more respect!
You say death tax only helps rich uh. Well my grandmother had to sell a 2000 trailer to pay death tax all she had you Dems are disgusting
Isn't the death tax a tax on inherited post-tax assets? Why do families have to pay taxes a second time for those assets?
No there isn't. It's very simple Chuck. I WANT MORE MONEY IN MY PAYCHECK & 401K! Don't you dare be obstructionist. Get your derriere to work
Here we go again with more obstruction. You won and we the people lost health care reform. Now you're on the attack against tax reform.
Here's what you should conclude: pass the tax plan. Don't be ridiculous.
Need to go through with #TaxReform so people can pay for #Obamacare! Don't screw us over again!
Yeah, more of your lies.  Did you get written into the "Book of Life?"
Then FIX it!!!!!
Please stop the right wing from giving the top 1 percent any more tax breaks.
Just stop. The tax cuts help the middle class and their employers. You want your boss giving more to govt than you?
Chucks largest donors are beneficiary of capitol gains %15 tax rate. The 1% don't care about personal tax rate! Raise capital gains to %25!
@chuckschumer Stop the lies u clown. U know damn well the tax proposal is NOT a tax cut 4 the rich. Your party is a bunch of corrupt liars!
Bet you wanna keep subsidies for oCARE on MY dime!!
Dems desperately attacking tax reform for middle class and their jobs for political reasons.
You continue to prove that you hate the working class and continue to solidify the fact that you are an embarassment to NY.
The #DEBT went from 5 trillion to 20 trillion since you've been in office.... GOOD JOB.
Democrats screwed Americans on health care, now they can start screwing Americans on reducing taxes.
No need to unpack. There's nothing in the bag that will fit #America or its #MiddleClass.
Goptp have nothing again bcuz they don't work for people
Senator Schumer you have not read the bill and you've already criticized it. Shame on you. @SpeakerRyan @McConnellPress @realDonaldTrump
Ryan and Micky delusional  obstructionist Corporation wrote this 15% for 6 corporations and 25 to 38% for working people?
And your once again proving to be a liar. The top 2% of taxpayers are the wealthiest Americans. Who pay the most taxes. Not break 4 them
You won't read it, you will oppose it,
LMAO....why unpack it Chuckie??? You oppose it! And, you can’t read anyway!!
What in the hell have u done for the middle class swampking?  U had Obumba for 8 yrs and haven't done a damn thing u self-serving jackass.
AlertYou are the problem!
It's not Trump. The fuel is already there. Its the distribution that is hampering people. The GOVERNOR has set a 10 gal limit. Get ur facts
Will the democrat politicians obstruct democrats across the country getting a tax cut? Don't democrats need a tax cut too??
Same old same old with your party. You preach from that old saw the rich will get bigger tax breaks. All Americans deserve a tax break Chuck
Ryan Micky delusional  obstructionist Corporation wrote this for them 15% for 6 corporations and 25 to 38% for working people. You are gone
You haven't worried about the deficit since 1999 !!
Please Sen. Schumer make sure the gop doesn't take away the property tax or mortgage interest deductions. We need them! !!
Wake the fuck up ... they just said the mortgage interest and charity deduction remain in the current bill.
Stop trying to be a criminal. IRS is becoming crooks, targeting GOP groups. Tax code needs to be simplified.
Of course you will oppose that's the job of a hack politician
Yea go ahead and Vote no on doubling my standard deduction and see how that turns out for the Ds. This ought to be fun to watch
Time for the @DNC to finally help the country and get on board with @POTUS so he can #MAGA. #IStandWithTrump and we must #DrainTheSwamp
You mean you don't have to pass it to find out what is in it? Refreshing isn't it, Chuckie?
Create chaos 
Make us hate one another
Keep us divided 
Depress our hopes
Pervert the language
Confuse the young
Lie to a TV camera
Destroy
Keep being obstructionists, @GOP super majority in 2018
For the son of an exterminator and a homemaker you've done well for yourself as you're worth millions what do you done for us lately?
You really are going to eff this up aren't you?
I'm 56 permanently disabled with brain tumor and can't downsize because of these F eeng taxes. You think capital gains only hit the rich?

Once again @DNC @chuckschumer continue to be obstructionists! @GOP super majority coming in 2018! @jfradioshow 
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/09/27/republicans-unveil-tax-plan-call-for-doubling-deduction-and-cutting-rates.html …
Unpack America that's chuckie code 4 obstructionist dems have NEVER favored a tax cut 4 working citizens Its not profitable 4 them NEVER
Sen. Schumer, always a complaint. If Dem’s shared something & Rep’s said the same you’d be on them like white on rice. R U ever positive???
It was for FL. No need in Peurto RICO. The fuel is already there.
Why in the world would anyone want to claim to be a Schumercrat ? They do not support anything for the America. People but all for Dreamers
Get rid of the AMT - focus on middle class New Yorkers
The GOP plan does just that.
I was a democrat for 50 yrs until I have seen chuck Nancy maxcine bearnie booker Hillary tryin to run the Democratic Party
No. You are a bot
Is that your only come back Democrat?  Is BOT your only excuse for your sorry party?
I'm sure you'll find a reason to obstruct it.
The middle class doesn't deserve tax cuts or an easier way to do it.

I would hate to be you
How in the world anyone can be opposed to this plan is beyond me...it's a tax cut for everyone. No estate tax, no AMT, double standard ded!!
Schemer go crawl under a rock an cry. You don't want to help the American people
Don't bother Chucky, you're stop supporting it anyway so spare us your sanctimony
except he will never accomplish anything because he is simply a massive fuck up. and the fact that you support him says a lot about you.
That massive fuckup is about to save you a lot on your taxes if u dems would quit obstruction. How can any1 be opposed to this plan?
Cause their libs. Resist is the only thing they know
if they wld only understand that @realDonaldTrump’s success = the COUNTRYS success! I hated B.O. but I prayd he did well for the USA’s sake!
Obstruct the shit out of this, democrats.
A lot of bad ideas to unpack
Should be pretty straightforward: remove all programs that benefit poor&middle class, deep tax cuts for Corps and 1%. Same #trickledown BS
Slow down Chuck, you'll need it to look like you read the bill, before pretending you suddenly care about the deficit and scream 1%! 1%!
Ryan and Micky delusional  obstructionist Corporation wrote this  15% for 6 corporations and 25 to 38% for working people?
Time to revisit Showdown at Gucci Gulch, or it’s return...
"Repeals AMT" - Donny & The Cons never pay taxes again
Have you even seen it yet?????
Get lost you freaking anti American phony
Can we get some #TermLimits
you do know people like me and the so called rich do pay your damn CHECKs
He does know and he is a piece of shit.
Why arent we invoking #25thAmendmentNow
Yea! Our candidate lost and I don't like it!!
The acting potus is delusional. No one should like it.
Because the economy is up unemployment and illegal immigration are down North Korea is in check Military is stronger yea I see why..
Closest to wwIII since the 60's thanks to threat tweets. He's further divided the country. But i'd be divided from you either way.
Closest to WW3 is because bill paid NK 5 million dollars and Obama gave Iran billions. Who by they way launched a missile as well. Facts.
I thought you said trump put nk in check.
He has.. but he wouldn't have to if they weren't a necular power now would he?
We know what they're doing. It's time for the Dems to RESIST.
Really? You don't want a tax cut? Seems like a good deal for everyone. More child tax credit, double the standard deduction. What's bad?
If you need me to explain it to you, @SenSchumer , that's what I do for a living.
Doubt he needs your help, it's what @SenSchumer does for a living as well. Undoubtedly better.

Looks good to me
