Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!

TRUMP THE MAN WHO USED RUSSIA TO WIN DID WIN BUT NOT FOR LONG!!!
Exactlyyyyyy!! It's Russia's fault Hilary was caught doing crooked things in her emails and elsewhere.....
Have you heard of JaVanka? Preibus? Conway? Need I go on? Spare me with the righteous indignation they are guilty AF too!
And which one of those ran for President?
It’s the Hypocrisy not The Who of any of this. The way they ALL vilified Hillary then and now for the same damn thing
Well.. she's pretty much Satan sooooo... What else should we be doing? Clouting her as a decent human? Lol
Senator, you don't think there's a lot of fake news out there?  Oh sorry, some one who spreads as many lies as you do, probably enjoys it.
Trump averages 4.6 lies a day as President!
Yes? And + 25% in stocks! How dumb can you be?
Can't fix stupid but you can numb it!
It's a war against democracy, it's a war against freedom, and it's a war against us. #moroninchief must be stopped before he destroys us all
Ok...first tell me one thing Trump has done that would be considered an infringement of freedom or against the Constitution.
Obstruction of justice, threatening to in a bipartisan way to revoke News broadcasting licenses, receiving aid from a hostile foreign govt
Receiving aid from a hostile foreign government?  Tell me who....and if you say Russia, everyone will know you are a troll.
Russia you #fuckingmoran go read a news paper. Explain to me why trump won't enforce a bipartisan sanctions bill?

Chuck, is there any way to stop this man from ruining the entire world? Please talk to your republican colleagues and do something!
Stephen ... Pay attention nitwit. Trump is doing everything in his power to make America Great  You're the problem

We'll get around to dealing with the fake news as soon as Congress gets rid of the fake president.
Lmao, hypocrites.
You are nothing but a dictator. What ever happened to freedom of speech. Thank God that I am not American
Schumer is a failure. No career in the Law, kited checks, writes legislation to name post offices, what a pathetic jerk.
Isn't that what fascist Governments do? Kill the press? Why is Trump so afraid of the truth?
Trump, like Hitler & Stalin,  believes it’s his destiny to define the truth for us. We are to believe ONLY what he wants us to believe. BAD!
Crazy! Liberalism IS a mental disorder!
Just wait, heard Muller is almost ready, he is finally bringing shithead-in-chief under oath. He is going to hang himself, too stupid2answer
On 18 we are going to paper ballots, hand counts, old school but effective theft proof.
Sir, what are you doing about this? This person is unstable. How can we stand by while he tears the country apart?
The country was torn apart by Obama ... Trump is in repair mood
Don't remember Obama saying former POWs aren't heroes or saying Americans were "killers" like Putin's Russia. Trump's a real patriot.
As s veteran I remember Obama apologizing for our country. Rules of engagement were based on political decisions with Obama. Thank you Trump
Thank you for your service, sir. Important for great nation to be humble. But we should never lower ourselves to level of immoral enemies.
Schumer is an idiot...lol
Is this the new free speech in America? Hello 1984
Ask @UCBerkeley
Censor Chuckie while you are at it.
Fine NBC $Billions and suspend their license!  Free Press does Not include purposely spreading lies to Americans! @AP @realDonaldTrump
Exactly... and these low IQ NYERS are fanning the flames
Chuck knows this is BS ... he's hoping NYers are so stupid they'll buy into his BS
Well, Fox isn’t news, so there’s that.
Chuck, why is he still POTUS?  When are the Impeachment hearings starting?
So u r ok if it's inclusive?
There is no way Trump wrote this on his own; not his signature writing style (5th grade spoiled boy with angst).
It's true if you report lies you are not news
#bossAF
Yeah, Trump god saidso

Actually fox and CNN are both appalling. Even worse --just look at hyper partisans like you.
He means it has become so truthful and he can't control it.  Thank God for that and God Bless the Leakers!
Chuck he’s talking about your fake news that’s separating our country. With all your lies your only reinforcing president Trumps message.
Resign
Really because fox calls you dems out while all the other ones just seek to destroy one person
Why don't u go on Fox Chuckie? 
  
That is your problem Chuck you don't know right from wrong
Chuck when are the Democrats going to stand United and demand for the impeachment of this incompetent excuse for a President?  How long?!?!
Your president, not King. So fuck off please and thank you
PULL THE LICENSE OF LYING NEWS ORGANIZATIONS. THEY UNDERMINE AMERICA.  CHUCK THE CRYING, LYING SCHUMER.
Yes...Fox too... so lets license them...and prosecute those who lie to the American People...or collude with one candidate over another.
Yes ALL news agencies. Fox is the only truth we have left.
Lyin' Cryin Chuck hates that one network doesn't cowtow to the Dem talking points.
Chuck Schumer is not working for the people
Nope nope nope.
Sorry that was meant for trump
@realDonaldTrump it all not be long until you and many of your party  will be doing jailtime!
How about one Government channel!! The people will really get all the facts!
That’s his intel source along with Breitbart and Info Wars
Everyone that disagrees w/djt is wrong.

Oh is he calling out your supporting #fakenews hate filled agenda stop spreading Hate Chucky you done nothing #Resign you fool
Chucky I'm not a big fan of fox. But don't compare fox to the rest of media which is so one sided and yes fake its ridiculous.
Nor Sinclair.
Get a real job Schumer
....says Senator Hypocrite.
This is God. Shut the hell up crybaby.
I feel like generations to come will mark our society's downfall with the advent of Fox News...
Fox was fake long before it was cool...they go first or no one does!
Star Spangled Banner as never heard before https://youtu.be/mhhFvXTldBg  via @YouTube 2
You wait he will do it .. @realDonaldTrump
This #Dotard wants to be a dictator so bad.
@SenShuhermer UR Not FAIR To US That Have GOOD SENSE. CHUCK & VERY UNWISE! @RealQuietMouse @BARRYCUDA3 @EmfingerSScout @BlissTabitha @cgpb
Try Breitbart sir. Prove what tbey say is not factual. CNN - almost every day, one big editorial. Not news. The left FEARS truth to citizens
Really, Chuckles? You don’t remember obama calling out “that other cable news network”??? Too star struck huh...
He has got to be talking about fox five
You're not fair to the public. You f##king moron
 you’re virtually admitting most of media is radical left.
they are sensible with common sense unlike the whole left. Why are you not condemning late night buffoons who are flipping off our president
#25thAmendment #Resist #PissTrumpOff
Other than Fox , 92% of TV News is anti negative to Trump!
Trump is mental illness
Fox fake
Fox "News" should have been forced off the air years ago.Non-partisian Truth in News committee needed. Not allowed to label news if opinion.
AT @POTUS is trying to do Something 4 US Unlike @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr #Purge2018 will MAGA!!
Less tweeting Chuck...MUCH MORE DOING. Less outrage...and much more RAGE. @DNC @NancyPelosi @SenFranken @RepAdamSchiff @Reuters @AP
Executed for helping Russia!  WOW. TRUMP AND FAMILY DO MUCH WORSE! He wants to decide what we can watch. RU kidding me? Russia bit by bit
Chuck better cooperate for the sake of the American people
Sad its happening in US where a number in developing democracies looked up to for inspiration and hope. The US is no more an inspiration
I wish you were a majority speaker! Maybe the winds will change.
This potus's recent actions are what aren't fair to the public, whether they are trying to restore their lives in PR or fixed income seniors
But Fox News isn't really network news is it...more GOP fake news!
I can’t believe I’m saying this but @FoxNews is the only major cable company that is close to even with fair coverage. @MSNBC and @CNN jokes
You’re a liar. We all know.
No way FOXNews is his propaganda channel
Yes, Fox too
Hmmm, could it be because #FoxNewsIsParody ?

No just your Whores
It's going to be too late to stop him after the missles start flying. Do your job Chuck. Protect our country.
Good point, Sen.  lol He invented "fake news" for his fake presidency.  Please keep fighting against him & all his cronies.  We need you!
Trump is violating his Oath of Office by suggesting this. He swore to uphold and defend the Constitution. IMPEACH HIM YESTERDAY, PLEASE.

Trump must go! Not a game. Not a joke. Please work to Impeach
Russian Sanctions are being ignored. Attacks on free press if not stopped will be a rise in Tyranny.
Do something for the People. Right now you & Pelosi are a drag on our way of life.All you do is snipe @ at the efforts of others.Empty Suit
MSM less Fox have done nothing but spew outright lies, conspiracy’s, & totally one sided reporting. Need to bring back the fairness doctrine
Chuck go find a life
Yes, Fox too Cucky.  #cuckyschumer #cuckschumer #TermLimits

Trump doesn't realize how TV works. HE does not control what's on air. VIEWERS DO. No viewers, no advertising. No ads, no TV. NoTV=NO TRUMP.
You would think a "successful businessman" & "reality TV star" would know how TV and advertising  work.

Maybe, @realDonaldTrump is neither.
trump & Russia is ripping down our institutions & dividing America. It’s divide and conquer so Russia wins.
Alert:Schumer dementia grows. Forgets that he has rambled on same groundover & over.His voters are raging angry about his lack of leadership
You, trump, are not fair to the public. RESIGN
Have you fact checked Fox.They are# 1 for a reason.They are serving the people well with their honest fair & balanced reporting.No Fake News
Can someone tell DT this is NOT a Dictatorship! We don't have "state run airways"-we're not ISIS and he is dangerous?
US Pres takes an oath to protect and uphold Constitution!Clearly doesn't know what that means & isn't doing it!Please stop him!
Is the news suppose to report the truth or just whatever they make up. Really chuckle where is your passion for the truth
Bottom line, this unstable administration has run amok.  Something is seriously wrong.  Republicans need to act. America is at risk
I Guess He Has To Get Rid of @FoxNews
Absofrickinlutely Chuckie buddy!
Please do something for PR and CA....President unfit and we need to help our fellow Americans!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No Chuck FOX is real news. But you wouldn't know because you watch FAKE NEWS channels.
Most news is similar, but not at FOX! Does this mean they're the ones that get it right, or they're just making up whatever it is they want?
Faux News is basically whatever the hell they have in North Korea for a "news" channel.
If fox was deceiving and fake and distorting of course. But... they are not
Chucknuts. Why mention FOX? FOX reports on the POTUS more negative than positive 54% neg 46% pos. Comedy is not for everyone, Chuckles. Shhh
Look at viewership since 2016 election if you want the truth but I think Schumer already knows the truth. Schumer just wants to attack POTUS
Demwits have been connected by marriage to MSM since Obama White House!
Schumer, you continue to promote demwit corrupt links to MSM. This is similar to your support for Weinstein!
Bipartisan Congress needs to take control!  #Trump wants our country to become a Dictatorship!
@realDonaldTrump No because Fox enforces his lies most of the time.
The problem is that cnn and msnbc decides to emulate fox style reporting

I have been saying this all day!
HARVARD STUDY AND POLL SHOWED EVERY MSM WAS NEGATIVE. CBS, NBC, CNN, MSNBC, ABC ALL AROUND 93-97% NEG. FOX WAS 51% NEG.  U MAKE UP FACTS
Fox news doesn't lie and fabricate shit
He doesn't understand how this whole "president" thing works...#25thAmendmentNow
It is now time to start making these Network News to stop lying to the American People! Time to start pulling some broadcast Liscense!

Fox = GOP propaganda outlet
Someone read the Constitution to @realDonaldTrump! He is going against the Constitution of the United States of America!!!
He. Does. Not. Get. Irony.
Mr Schumer, do you not find his threatening to try and shut down a news organization concerning?  He is supposed to be protecting not shutting down.  He doesn’t appear to be mentally stable.
Russians meddled with our elections. Don’t U think Russians can meddle with the media &reporters 2 divide us?Chuck R U on Russia payroll?
Fox News is his favorite...
Donald Trump is not fair to the public.
Quit tweeting and mount a coalition to remove this mad man!  You have to do something more to save this country!  This is NOT a JOKE.
Yes, Fox too. A real network would put you for the dual citizenship swindler that you are.
Here in America we will hold our Media to a higher standard Mr Schumer and leave the propaganda news to NK etc. We don't want it here!
Someone needs to read and explain the constitution to traitor trump. Its pretty obvious he can't read it for himself let alone understand it
Protect First Amendment,  A free people demand a freen and uncensored press.
United States citizens are not domesticated Russian or Chinese
You realize this is right out of your playbook! Almost funny, but you have pulled this exact tactic before, many times. #Hypocrite #LIAR
Nothing positive at all on you page Chuck. Nothing. How is that good for America?
So why the news about going after Drudge? Talk Radio? #Hypocrite
All MSM, including Fox.
And who keeps trump responsible for his lies can we revoke him too
People are sick of Marxist Propaganda in the news. We are also sick of Lying Democrats who desperately want their NEW WORLD ORDER!
No, not Fox - especially if they fire that asshat liberal on at 3pm every afternoon!

This man is pure evil. What is it going to take to stop this madness? I can't be the only one terrified for our nation.
So, are you (Congress) just going to tweet about this, or are you going to take action to remove this child from office?
News are not fake, one has to learn how, where and what to talk.
Fox 2 no.This poor excuse for a president thinking of banning books? Maybe . silence the news . pretty soon he'll have a mustache egomaniac
The fact that you ask that CONFIRMS that you know there is a problem here.  And it is not with Fox.  So sure, check them out too!
Nope, fair and balance.  Fake news could learn from them
BRAVO, Senator!  
Hey Schumer if you don't start negotiating and stop resisting your party will suffer greatly
Fox too you racist! NWO Elites own these lying news media. Ted Turner, NWO elite, for one! Wants war to kill population. What you support!
I wonder what does he want us to believe in? Him? Or the ones that are afraid of him
#ImpeachTrumpPence
You're done chuck.. POTUS proved you have nothing. No solutions no credibility and no leadership.
Didn't trump once make a statement supporting fox news for standing up to President Obama's alleged anti-Fox news statements?
Unbelievable!
Wait - can presidents be challenged and revoked for distorted and fake statements? Let's start there.
All the way . I'm sure there are lie there to! but not to the point of causing riots ,diversity . Treason, getting people  killed .Diversion
Misleading American's about what's going on in the world is not taken lightly.

Let him try.  Mark Twain said one should never pick on the guy who buys ink by the barrel.
Breitbart will be able to have an information monopoly with an entire Alternative Fact department!
That's the problem chuckie you don't think.
Let's count who has had to retract fake news and then judge them all Chuckie. Bad reporting is just as egregious as russian interference
Millions of Americans now have had it with our so called mainstream news reporting! America needs some kind of correction in false reporting
Yes Shhhmuck!!! If they are reporting Baghdad Bob BS like NBC. We cannot tolerate Pravda like media period in the USA!
I watch every news channelIt's obvious they hate himI've never seen anything like it even when Clinton was President it's scary
if any network is found to consistently print lies&claim them to be true should lose their license.
we need to be able to trust news sources.remember Kronkite?
You know what's not fair-the majority of Americans did not vote for this asshole but we're stuck with him.  Eliminate electoral college!
No more quips chuck. Get this guy away from the football.
Not to prosecute Weinstein for sexual assault.
Why Chuck, because they keep showing pictures of you and your best friend Harvey Weinstein! Do you think that we missed that. Check Chuck?
I hope you had fun hanging out with Harvey ! Maybe they should investigate you Chuck and see what you might have done ! Hmmm!
Fox did not cover up your friends sexual misconduct for years and donate $10,000 to a prosecutors election fund. A prosecutor who chose...
Birth of Fascism...elect a maniac, suppress voting, eliminate 1st Amendment, destroy REAL press (keep Fox & Breitbart) & GOP remains silent.
@FoxNews is state run propaganda. And they are one of the more dangerous threats to America.
If any news deserves to be removed it’s @FoxNews but you know, 1st amendment so we have to pray people can use critical thinking.
Of course you don't Chuck the network bias favors liberal pukes like you... they want people fat,dumb and dependent just like you dems!
NBC news has gone from a news agency to a political arm of the DNC. Shameful what NBC, CNN have become. NBC and Ronan's report?
#Fox is the only source for real, honest reporting! Be careful #Schumer 2018 & 2020 are around the corner!
There is strong case against Fox. FCC Act has moral requirement. FOX's phone hacking in UK + series of sex harassment would disqualify.
Obviously he hasn't read the constitution
