We offered to work together. We offered our own infrastructure plan to the WH to spark discussion. Months passed. We heard nothing back.
Now the few details we have of POTUS' plan show it's private-sector driven, has minimal investment & ignores huge sectors of infrastructure.
Why do you lie so much Chucky? We know you'd love to be on the #TRUMPTRAIN but yr stuck with the ridiculous  left. #MAGA CHUCKYCHIKEN
Our taxes should go for excellent new roads, bridges, bike paths etc. in every corner of our nation.  No stone left unturned.
and what have you done about it, nothing
You people deal with bullshit and seem to enjoy it, we real Main Street Americans are sick and tired of your bullshit, get to work NOW!!!!
You have had 8 + years to do something and haven't. Just sit down, shut up and lean something. I voted Republican because of your games
So get to work on it. Make peace with Trump. Get on with the people's business. Stop the obstruction.
Democrat brand is done. A lying pack of special interest groups with zero appeal to working Americans and its U at the helm
What u trying to say chuckles the  ??
And what exactly do you think?
Your talking point now is "Trump is a liar" as per Come. Still trying to get him to work with you is weak.
Well if u stop sabotaging Pres. Trump maybe he could get to your request!
Debby, please, the Repubs have majority in both house and senate.
How did you find time to welcome it when you spend 24 hrs a day bashing everything he proposes.  At least he's looking out for the taxpayers
Now you're willing to work with the President????
You block him on everything.  Pushing back on the resistance.  Do you want us to die with no health care.
Most of Obama's $1 trillion infrastructure budget went to the unions.  Care to comment?
You should welcome it, obama administration promised hope and change 8 yrs ago, to bad Trump had to deliver it.
You get off his back maybe he can get some work done.
@realDonaldTrump is starting on #infrastructure -get on the page and help make America Great
OBSTRUCTIONIST!  You just contradicted yourself CHUCKY!
How is it possible to welcome Pres Trumps infrastructure plan when Dems prooose their own?  That's not welcoming nor is it working together!
Chuck Schumer is a ruthless liberal As It Seems wants to destroy America his actions speak
Chuck get on board with WH to help this country we pay you to work for.  You have not been doing your job. Start doing what u are paid to do
THAT WAS LIE 300.  THEY JUST KEEP PILING UP!!!!
Well if you stop the Russia fake story then he can focus better on his campaign promises!
More negativity!! You just want to take the country down for your own Voice! ENOUGH!! UR depressing!
Build the wall! Stop the crying, you're an embarrassment
Blah blah blah
After all of then"noise" is done, can we get a deal that will benefit everyone.   There will always be another election.
Keep lying and find yourself deposed.
BS
#infrastructure #jobs: #gasoline #addiction? Build this: Excellent #CarFree design: Recovering from Disruption
Ya know what Schumer? If BS were snowflakes you'd be a walking freaking blizzard! You agreeing with POTUS on anything is a lie
Where have you been with this plan for the last 8 years? Oh, yeah, we gave it all to Iran for nukes. Forgot
It's time Schumer thinks about Us, the Legal Taxpayers.

why foreign investment in our infrastructure? #AmericaFirst
Chuck your hatred for America is showing. AGAIN. Nothing makes you happy. So Sad. But we will move on w/o your hate. U R BAD FOR AMERICA
and now you are on the bitching about it wagon.
I missed something, I have yet to see the Democrats agree on anything that @POTUS  wanted.
Agree on which lies?  Where is the Wall?  He is too busy licking Putin's Ass!!!  You are not getting anything he promised.
Chuckie and the Dims have NEVER welcomed anything our President has suggested! Dims have lowest level of elected seats since Civil War!
And your problem is?
Of coarse you did Chucky! Any chance to spend a Trillion Dollars would make you feel like OBOMA is still running things.
Really! Obstructionist
When will you apologize to @POTUS? You knew #JamesComey told him he wasn't the target of investigation (3x) & you lied about it anyway
Hmm...U & ur cronies must have ur hand in making millions off of it to agree with him..U pieces of !  He doesn't need u! @realDonaldTrump
He can't fund that, with you obstructionists preventing the changes necessary. What's your plan? Tax us to death, & increase spending?
Then work WITH the president and stop this BS obstructionist behavior.
You damn lier you have stood in his way ever since he was elected
Chuckie

Which meant Trump was obviously wrong in the eyes of the RNC. Can't have us Dems agreeing on ANYTHING!
Your credibility and MSM are so far in the gutter you will never win in 2018 or 2020 Comey took you guys down just like I said he would!
So does this mean your willing to work with @potus on an infrastructure bill? Please reply
We know you have no problem spending taxpayer money. But the money should go straight to the contractors.
Then stop all of you ridiculous talk Remember to waste of money you supported under Obamacare Help President Trump
Futures looking dark for Cucks like you and your entire party! I'm glad I left it when I did! Brainwashing can be undone. #MAGA w/o you!
Schumer u alway knew the POTUS was not under investigation, but u referred POTUS was under investigation.This make u a lying obstructionist
He pitched a privatization plan. No we do not welcome it.
But his infrastructure plan is a gift to developers not to Americans
Reallyyou are the obstructionist
Can't believe the hatefull and violent Democrats welcomed anything to help Americans!
You have never approved of anything Trump and the people of the United States have wanted.
The American people do not want Trump's lies or his Treason working with the Russians
It was really hard to hear you welcoming it because all we heard was Russia, Russia Russia, Impeach Impeach Impeach... Cry Whine and repeat
ML does not get to say what the POTUS does. You are an obstructionist. You should get your resume in order. Can u answer, what u have done?
Right like I believe that one YOU OFFERED? You have never offered anything to Trump so keep your BS to yourself
You have not welcomed anything Trump has proposed. Must be worried that your long running crime spree is coming to an end!
That's why they are obstructing/ running scared the truth will come out/ corruption/ corruption
#FakeNews
Matthew 7:3-7:5, Luke 6:37-6:42
Was anyone really surprised that (like everything else) Trump's so-called 'plan' was just a gift to his rich buddies? #NationalEmbarrassment
And, who will rebuild infrastructure?   Only private businesses can do it right.  @SenSchumer is clueless as usual.
Ever hear of FDR's "New Deal" ? Americans went to work building our infrastructure- brought us out of the Depression..
Is hard to believe that red states can't  generate jobs,the indexes of Latinos are low in red states let's use that money to produce jobs
Now what do you want, more
Support @POTUS and be a U.S. Senator.
Cont..generate money to hold the country from falling apart,the red states must be investigated for corruption and misuse of funds
we don't need a wall trump lied about illegal immigration indexes about jobs scarcity to red states When in reality the West coast & east
Amazing, simply amazing! 24 hours ago you all had manacles and a noose, rubbing hands like Simon Legree, eager to dispatch Trump. And now...
Trump is a liar. Don't trust him to do anything good for our country. Resist, fight and vote no.
Trump is also a criminal, sexual predator, racist and his Wife should be divorcing him soon.  She won't even hold his baby hands lol
Explain this @realDonaldTrump 
THIS DEBT NO JOBS PARTY MUST BE REPLACE YOU CAN MOVE TO China . good bye !!
WE THE PEOPLE NEED TO REPLACE THIS PARTY CALLED DEMOCRAT YOU A PARTY OF OTHER COUNTRIES .YOU DO NOT WORK FOR WE THE PEOPLE
FAKE NEWS SCHMUCKELS YOU RESISTERS ARE GOING DOWN THE TOILET BOWL IN 2018.SEE YA CHUCKIE.
If only he had come out of the gate with that instead of the travel ban!
Yay #trumprussia! Good news!
Yea cause you want to take that money and pass it out to your cronies... No thanks Chuckie!!!
then it must have been flawed
The devil is in the details...45s so-called "plan" is just another SCAM to screw the middle class and make the rich richer.
no you didnt liar.
Chuckles you freaking crack me up and No you didn't!!! And you will never welcome anything this great president tries to do...
Ridiculous.
Name one time democrats have worked with @POTUS without obstructing or posting press releases since he took office.
good then leTS DO A BIPARTISAN BILL AND GET IT DONE. walk the talk, get it done, try staying off TV
Where is it @realDonaldTrump ?
All of a sudden now that your BS russia story is crumbling, now u guys have been trying to do so much and Trump doesn't want to work with u!
No
And you do what?
On the Russian investigation & shut down the special investigation with Mueller before the previous admin. is exposed & devastate the DEMS.
@realDonaldTrump should be asking who are you & what did you do with Sen. Schumer? Comey has damaged the dems. Let the FBI do there job on
You should go rebuild Russia you love it so much. You have wasted taxpayer dollars and shut our country down due to your Russia delusion
You Democrats allway put to much pork in your programs used for corrupt kickbacks.that how government worker start as midlclass then rich
I'm sure the potus is wondering where the money will go. Like will it go into ur pockets or to give out more cell phones ....
I would pay additional tax on gas than this crap Trump has proposed.
Democraps. The #partyofno
You lost!! It's Trumps agenda in his time. How's your stock portfolio looking these day? Thank you Trump!
The infrastructure plan and the end of this nightmare will Trump hotels & brand he is taking this country for a ride along with ET & DJR
You're the worst! So glad he's been vindicated! And your fake assumption he was under investigation had been proven false. #veryshameful
Maybe because it will actually work. Unlike what u tried to do which did nothing.
/ don't blame the Govt, blame those unwilling to hold the Govt accountable. Contribute to independent and unbiased news sources.
Chuck Shummer,  you really call  Americans  fools. Really,  you think we are  stupid and  do  that  we  do not have have our own mind.
/ a Govt that's held accountable, is the most efficient way to proceed.  It's our duty to stay informed, and to hold Govt acctble
When? how can  he fulfill his pledge when  you and demsenators are hindering him  from doing  that  and  now u want  to come out  as a saint
How can he keep going forward when you clowns keep obstructing? I really hope your just being silly and your not that stupid?
Liar you most certainly did not
Only way you make America great again is by investing smart in our inner cities.
He doesn't desire to work with the Dems to get policies passed! Trump enjoys drama and chaos!
Through home ownership, and people having good paying jobs in the neighborhood they live we will see our inner cities clean up .
Does is have to be the governments money though? I mean "OUR" money.
Zeese it's our streets & highways u travel on. It's our bridges & tunnels. U want another country to be PAID building USA infrastructure?
I believe a private company can do it cheaper and quicker.
Um. I am confused aren't most infrastructure construction done by private co. & paid for by gov?
No. What happens is the Federal money is given to local Municipalities and they use the money to fix the budgets instead of roads.
I am sure this sometimes happens & there is graft no matter who pays but this typical happens with local taxes earmarked for roads. Feds put
Limits, usually on how money is spent. Usually written in contract. Notice I said usually.
I remember when you said you wanted to work w/Trump on infrastructure. 
Democrats are not obstructionists. We are protectors not predators
Kids learned growing up by what they learn on the streets and on TV.Thats why crime is bad today in our inner cities.

The catch was the man of the house couldn't live with his family that's why we see busted up families today.
Stop lying chuck All you have been doing is delaying everything
Section 8 was expand in 65,all you had to be to qualify was poor and black.Even with a bad criminal record you still qualified.
Cooperation is a good strategy, especially now that the Swamp is about to be drained. The American people are waking up.
Trump and the Swamp want to figure out how to bid-rig it for their cronies though. It will ONLY pass if 1% & donors can benefit.
Yeah then u all want best of both worlds, sanctuary cities can support themselves
"Infrastructure week" went really well. 
If people own the homes they live in and making good money our inner cities will clean up over night.
DJT plan: sell infrastructure to China, Russia and Saudi Arabia.
End section 8 Programs that destroyed our inner cities and families of these neighborhoods, encourage home ownership.
Spend wisely. Bring back ownership to our inner city neighborhoods. Bring back jobs to these same neighborhoods.
... and GOP is effing it up.
Stop the bullshit happening in back rooms of senate on healthcare! Stop AHCA now!!!!!!!
LIES!
Democraps
Good/ hope he goes to jail
1 Thessalonians 5:16-19
Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, in everything give thanks; for this is the will of God in [1/2]
Christ Jesus for you. Do not quench the Spirit. [2/2]
