Reach out to R moderates and fix ACA. Call it #CongressCare. Names gone. Country covered and happy. @POTUS promised "great healthcare." Win.
So you are k with obamacare as long as it osn't called obamacar. THAT'S RICH!!Lmaoooo
Lying spin. ILLEGALS won't get free that's the reason
You must be seriously insane to believe the stuff you right, YOU started this mess with Obamacare!!
Spend less time throwing graphs up, and bring hard evidence explaining why you believe repeal drives up premiums. #showyourwork
This is a Democratic Party problem
Please help. Was raised in Syracuse. Got bit by tick near Syracuse 2014. Fighting neuro Lyme since. I live in WA now. Loosing individual ...
... My CNS has been hit by Lyme and I can barely walk. If Trump succeeds I will end up in wheelchair or worse. Fighting hard but losing hope
1/The olive branch has been layed out. McConnell said today that ANYONE can bring amendment 4 healthcare. U stated u wanted 4 gop n dems....
2/...2work together for better healthcare so vote to proceed then all ur dem colleagues being ur amendments and Work for all Americans
If HC is not guaranteed 4 every American citizen, why do U fight so hard 2 include 36M illegals?  Do the math!  They cheat U 4 illegal votes
It's going at the speed of conformations. Schumer, only stupid people will ever believe you
You must be stupid, Obama dnc(democrat communist party) care has already done that. You all are liars!
Total repeal will not it will SAVE AMERICA
Because no mandate choice freedom Chuck freedom a novel idea you should believe  in unfortunately you don't
New to tweeting. Please forgive if I did this wrong. All family still living near Syracuse. Tick bite at Green Lakes state park. No hope.
NY saw a 16.6% increase last year, and providers are already asking for another 16.6% for 2018. Why don't you care? Do something!
More lies from the obstructing dems
So sad that you lie to the American people
No one has ever overdosed on cannabis or died from pot. But alcohol kills & is addictive. But I guess that Lobbyist pays you to back them.
Agreed time to put prohibition behind use. #legalize #HR1227
just fake news plain and simple..#maga
Repeal Ocare and replace it with the same plan that our politicians are using..... problem solved
@realDonaldTrump
They use the same marketplace, numbnuts.
I heard your speech today, you lied you never wanted to work with Republicans on healthcare, why are you lying to the people?
Being a republican and a Trump supporter it obvious you can tell when someone is lying. Pinocchio  is in tbe WH.
I hope President Trump lets obama care to continue and then it will emplod.  I don't care about Rep.promises just let it run its course !
Give us the Democrat alternative to the GOP in detail or how you will save ACA, please.  Criticizing is one thing what is the alternative?
Let's just repeal at this point.
Neither has Obamacare, Chuck. Guess we can all just sit & wait for it to collapse while you & Dems gloat. Just remember, you own Obamacare!
U lie every time u open ur mouth. Scars tactics r all u spew. How U are allowed to remain in our government is a travesty to America.
why does it seem u fight trump all time. Is it possible 2 give olive branch n work together. Y'all used 2 b close what happened. try please
I've heard u say trump n gop lied saying premiums will go down. Can u definitively prove that. U n Obama promised alot that wasn't true
Are u doin this just stop president trump n his goals that we voted 4 or is there something else. Come up w good new law n u will b hero2all
Why sir are u so hell bent that ACA stay in place instead of repealing it n start w a while new law that does help all citizens fairly
Chucky you have to pass it to see what's in it.
Why don't you work with the president instead of resisting everything he tries to do? We the people see right through you.
More of the typical liberal BS there Schumer
U mean OBAMACARE hasn't! #RepealAndDelay never passed, so u r being deceptive. OBAMACARE is killing us! What r u going 2 do 2 fix this mess?
So now that OBAMACARE isnt going anywhere, what r u going to do to fix it? We r paying $800 per month w 10k deductible w no subsidies:(

Obama care is costing us fifteen hundred a month with a 7900 deduct .  You didn't help cause that?
I could by three new cars with that much cash.  DO YOU EVEN GET IT, NO.
Foot in mouth again? Repeal of ACA is 2 fix ur & other Dems screw up. U r there 2 work 4 us, & not 2 stomp ur feet & pout if it's not ur way
Yet Obamacare is no big blessing either.  We/ve had high premium increases & high deductibles. Our son's went from $442 to $918 in two yrs
Trump had 3 Rd secret meeting with Putin!! Spotted at G20 in Men's Room peeing with Putin!!! Need another investigation on this!!!!
You guys love holding the people hostage w your obstruction & incompetence.Taxpayers are tired of paying you while we suffer your laziness
Obamacare is your baby - why aren't you out there defending it
Quit talking & produce a fix. We're not going bail out the insurance either, putting lipstick on this pig (ACA) won't make it better. Putz
If it wasn't for the incompetence of you & Pelosi, we wouldn't be in this mess. Where is your fix Obsequious Putz
How about the Democratic plan to improve our healthcare. Submit a Bill. It is you & Pelosi are responsible for ACA you should fix it. Putz
FFS work WITH them. Call @POTUS drop the politics. GET SOMETHING DONE. Show leadership NOT partisanship.
What is this repeal & delay / Just betray us all & walk away https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdPSQDKXy0s … #NoTrumpCare #NoRepeal #ACA #Obamacare #Resist #impeach
Did u make ANY effort for Trump's agenda that we voted him into the WH for? Dems fancy themselves as the "resistance"
Obamacare is a disaster and you know it
I bet u had no problem voting for Obama's lies. "Keep your doctor, no premium increase"-sound familiar?
You never made any effort to work w republicans. Constant obstruction is not "rolling up your sleeves".
It does seem that Democrats are tweeting more verifiable facts while Republicans are just tweeting absolute blasphemy. Coincidence, huh?
I wish someone would have 45 committed on a 5150! he does nothing but disrupt everything he touches. So many lives at stake, he's dangerous.
Instead of spending  most of their time addressing issues with GOP healthcare plans why don't democrats spend more time proposing ACA FIXES
Americans know that Obama /the Dems OWN OBAMACARE you made this mess & your party needs to admit ownership. All the lies do your fu$&ing job
Get out of the ins business! You suck at gov! feds couldnt even run a brothel in nv!How 'hard' could that be?
Hasn't gotten better with age? Has the original ObamaCare plan gotten better with age? Hmm?
Chuck are you on Obamacare?
Ocare is nothing but a pay off to insurance companies.
Ocare can not be fixed.Nothing there is helping the people. Notice you and yours aren't forced to use it. And you make $175,000+ per yr.
But the Ocare is worse. Forcing people to buy something they can't use. Repeal it all. The losses won't be any worse than before.
The uninsureds are b/c of prem & deductibles that are too high, sir. Hard working families can't afford it & you're responsible for this.
The Democrats already screwed it up enough. #DemocraticPropaganda that they are good
And what have you done to help? Mr. Sabotager?


NancyShumercare is all yours bud. Enjoy that boat anchor. We're puttin ur name with your crazy twin sister in the house on it now.

It's all yours now,  what's your plan to fix it?
The poor Congressional Clowns taking a paycheck from America all the while selling us to the highest bidder that will make them rich
@SenMajLdr Under Obamacare there are more uninsured, premiums skyrocketing & deductibles through the roof. Obamacare/Dems 2 blame not GOP.
Bottom line, Senator, is that every failure to date regarding Healthcare falls upon you & Dems, not @gop & @POTUS. UR an obstructionist.
Remove Senate exemption from ACA. You shut down that point. WHY EXEMPT u guys IF SO GOOD. Middle income on individual mrkt pays high $ for
I wrote and called your office detailing past 5 years of "sorry" policy not being renewed forcing 3 new doctors. YOU HAVE NO COURTESY TO ANS
@SenSchumer only responds to his Donors and does not care about middle income folks. They have 3 times salary of mid inc but exempt from ACA
Welcome to the world of politicians. MONEY & POWER talks. Screw the rest of us. They forgot we pay their salary.
STOP...AMERICA ISN'T FOOLED...I HAVE ONLY 1 INSURANCE CO...CAN'T AFFORD...YOUR HURTING MY FAMILY...U SHOULD GO ON OBAMA CARE...
Where were you and your obstructionist team of Democrats when you all went along with Failing Obama Care and passed that junk bill??
Hard working Americans paid the penalty to opt out! PLEASE get you facts straight!
Stop lying to the people.Where do you get off?You guys&your passing a bill you knew nothing about. You and yours did this to our country!
So... What's the difference if you leave it if it's just going to fail in next few years?
I'm sure glad the demise of Obama Care is now on your party. Because the insurance companies are pulling out pretty fast country wide.
Politicians like you have forced me to enrich your health insurance buddies. I can't afford this my family is hurting and I hate YOU for it.
R u happy now? Premiums r going continue to sky rocket insurance companies leaving and we are without care. The Democratic party has failed
lies and more lies byu the chief liar schumer
Not if Dems quit obstructing and work to get replacement in place within 2 years after repeal!
It actually means ppl who want insurance can go buy insurance, those who don't want insurance don't buy it. Like 8yrs ago.
When the govt stops subsidizing an industry, the industry will find a way to become "affordable" if they want to continue to work.
It's like this Sen. Huge govt subsidies 2 an industry don't make their product "affordable." Just subsidizes over pricing.
Seems like i missed your plan to prevent the rolling disaster that Obamacare is. You fingerprints are all over this mess. But resist.
So sick of your accomplishments! Please offer a solution not a negative impact on their proposed bill. Stop bashing the GOP. WORK WITH THEM
Chief Clown @SenSchumer, quit whining about GOP-care. You get to keep your Obama-care and watch it collapse. Pat yourself on the back son.
Insane to think that you all will try to double talk to us about ACA many of us work in health care & see the failure of ACA 1st hand liar!
All you Democrats own the failure of ACA & it is low to steal 700 billion from medicare and billions more from Freddie & Fannie you are all
What lies you spin Chuck Millions of Americans have no insurance they opt out because of expensive premiums & high deductibles some died!
Obamacare screwed millions out of the insurance they had and liked!
You and yours OWN it. Period....
Mr. Schumer, you and your democrats are to blame for this mess. And you are the ones who turned the American people into “political pawns.”
NO. Sen. demos liberal progressives let down AMERICA. Demos had 6 years to change get it right. REP. been in full power only 6 months stupid
Your plan started this painful problem, so I would STHU - Republicans are as corrupt as the Democrats - want country dependent
Respond with a Democrat plan to fix it. Go on the offensive. Don't delay.
Frankly dear, I don't... Really FED up with healthcare.  DEMS screwed it up and REPS dazed and overwhelmed.  Maybe both can solve puzzle.
Thank you from the bottom of our Hearts..
You will get your wish. O-Care will stay and everyone will see what you democrats have really done. LMAO
Cryin Chuck's all over the news begging repubs to help him save Obamacare.  What's Chucky afraid of?  Surely he ain't scared it's gonna fail
WE ARE GOING TO LET IT FAIL ON ITS OWN. MILLIONS WILL BE BEGGING FOR YOU ALL TO WORK WITH POTUS WHEN THAT HAPPENS.
@NancyPelosi @realDonaldTrump @foxnation @DNC Well Chucky, now u and Dumbsy got OBCare ball like u wanted. Let's see if u idiots score a TD!
We need complete repeal and then start over. Dems only coperate if it stays obamacare. Just want to keep their name on it no matter what.
Obamacare KILLED our nation. Your fault.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION MR.SCHUMER!!

WE THE PEOPLE STOOD AGAINST YOU IN NOV 2016 AND WE'LL DO IT AGAIN 2018 IF YOU CONTINUE TO OBSTRUCT!!
@SenSchumer u are Darth Vader when u madeAVA a law in partisan way. It's failing us n now u wanna work together 2 b bailed out
Tell them their job is to ensure ACA works until other plan in place. Their childish behavior is a display of their resentment of majority.
I haven't see your brilliant ideas, clown
ACA hadn't gotten better with age. #MAGA
Chuckie the hard working americans got screwed like me by obamacare and you have your own healthcare what a hypocrite
Sure. DId u think for a second they share our missery? It's so much more fun to wield the power n enforce it.
Don't U DARE blame @SenateGOP @HouseGOP for increase premiums that have been announced before this new admin!
BOY YOU DEMOCRATS ARE LIARS!
Not even Crap News Network can hide facts for democrats.. Obama lied and democrats said NOTHING = LIARS
What is your party offering?  Do you have a list of suggestions?
These psychological games u play are ridiculous. U just couldn't come to the table on repeal & replace. Stop all this childish behavior.
They like 2 see themselves like "fighters" ;) In real fight, they r the first to run. Gutless hypocraths.
You should be on O'care.
Since the media is asleep on handouts, we the Worker need to make sure our tax dollars don't go for votes, speeches and social engineering
Schumer just like comrade Chavez and Fidel is a pimping snake ready to sacrifice the future of our kids to appease bums & foreigners
Now that's an outright lie.  Obama care your bill has destroyed family income and health
keep the pressure on...the last time Trump blamed the Dems, the House passed the AHCA bill...stay vigilant#NeverRepeal 
Trump invited GOPs to lunch about healthcare so Dems need to invite GOP to dinner. Stop letting Trump set narrative GOP plan failed bc Dems.
Facts not fiction!
Please make sure Americans understand Trump and GOP kicking legs out from ACA and fight against the blame they are shoveling on Dems.
PLEASE rally the Democrats to present truth and facts in the face of the disgusting lying and blame from Trump and GOP that ACA failing.
What's your plan to help Americans who are paying 125% more in premiums that they can't afford?What's ur solution?  Haven't heard anything!
You'd b different if you and the rest of @TheDemocrats were on this plan!  Why should I have to pay for lazy people who won't go to work! 
Bipartisan to you means Rep accept your conditions. You should come to the table hat in hand since ACA is on life support.
You and @NancyPelosi have ruined lives and lied saying ppl will die if repealed.  You do nothing to help the imploding ACA, but whine like 
I would respectfully remind you that Dems passed Obamacare behind closed doors in the middle of the night.  Now U want Reps 2B bipartisan?
LET ME INFORM YIU TRAITOR WHILE U ENJOY $30.00 PER MONTH TOP OF THE LINE HEALTH CARE PAID 4 BY THE AMERICAN TAXPAYERS U DENY IT TO AMERICANS
Okay Crying Chuck..when  Obamacare  you OWN fails your party will Be To BLAME....
What's the Democrats' plan, Chuck? Do you/they have one? Stop being the victim, go on the offensive.
Where is your plan?  I heard we had to pass the ACA to find what was in it, now we need to repeal it because of what was in it, misery 
Please get your ducks in order to go after GOP/Trump for letting ACA fail.
the ACA crossed ur desk the first time u should have read it & known it was doomed to fail, stop using sympathy to make urself feel better
That's right you Dems screwed up a wet dream
Instead of forcing me to pay for other people, how about letting me take care of myself and my family?  Marxism doesn't work.
You are a lying lazy good-for-nothing.  You didn't lift a finger to resolve the big Obamacare mess you left us with. RETIRE!
I've stopped trying to fathom the logic of Trump's base.But the President and the GOP understand the impact of repeal and push on. Pure evil
YOU put us in this situation chuck. We the people dont need your input. YOU lied to the American people
Pretty soon you wont have a choice to work bipartisanly you know its coming too
Trump turned it over to the two stooges ,Ryan and Graham, now he wants your help? Single Payer ,that's it from now on. Tell all Dems
They're trying to fix your screwup. You should stay out of the way. Vote Schumer out.
We didn't want #obamacare to begin with. You lousy politicians rammed it down the folks threat. You put us in this mess. #politicians
Great, we Arizonan's are getting sicker, because we can't afford to use the insurance we are FORCED to buy!  Children here can't get care!
No you republicans and Dems were put in office by drug  and insurance companies ! All of you need to be hauled out and taken to jail
The Democrats created this problem when you rammed the ACA down our throats, and now you have the gall to blame Conservatives?
It's easier to blame the other party than TAKE RESPONSIBILITY. ACA has been dying but now it's the Reps' fault :(
U r such an obstructionist ! Let's hope OUR Pres. decides to leave ACA in place. Then U & ur fellow arseholes can explain why it's so good !
You and other Dems have offered no help or solutions to fixing your plan for hurting Americans. You are just as guilty them.
You are talking about the all mighty affordable care act.
#childrenofthecorn  It appears your ability to form a coherent statement is beginning to fail. Would you like to try that again? #MAGA
You created it Chucky it's in you. Oh that right you have no plan either except obstruction
bs, we are all suffering because of Obama care and dishonest politicians like you.
Oh let's see how your Obamacare works out Chucky !!
Your bill Chuck. Own it
U suck chuck
