The surgery required is NOT medical care.  Nothing more than facilitation of an affliction!
Just plain weird chucky!
You're the joke Chuck.  You've done nothing.  You have no idea how a bill would work because you do zero. President Trump is working! Try it
None of their "needs" is medically necessary. It's cosmetic and, well, odd as hell frankly. Pretty mentally unstable.
NO GENDER REASSIGNMENT, HORMONE SHOTS, CLASSES ON HOW TO SHOOT A RIFLE WHILE TRYING TO WALK IN HEELS, SEPARATE BATHROOMS, SHOWERS & BARRACKS
Pentagon to cover sex-reassignment surgery for transgender active-duty troops, all transgenders please enlist to serve yourself/country
Let me get this straight the American people are supposed to pay for individuals who want to have this re-gender identification change?
Cousin, 20 years in CG. Says Govt pays for Meds for transgender. Won't pay for hormone therapy for women to get pregnant. T or F
A group that already has a 45% suicide rate, should not then be put under additional pressure.
And please people don't start yelling at me I don't know what it's called
Could you please put forth an amendment that requires Congress to use healthcare that they pass for the rest of us? Force them on record
Obama signed to approve them to not be on it. I agree though. If want it fixed, don't allow them to be exempt. Wow would it get done quick!
We know!
Give it up Chuckie, leave the social experiments out of the military!
If you paid for Health Care, Chuck, you would really care.
It's not about medical care it's about abusing the system for personal benefit and giving us the bill
They are wanting govt to pay for their expensive sex change (they are not entitled and people will not have it)...not normal for everyone.
So only people who serve get to have an opinion? Kinda goes against the whole idea of civilian control of American military, no?
Until you have served, you have no idea.  It is mission first, not social experimentation.
Okay, so you're advocating for no civilian control of the military, or for a service requirement before anyone can have an opinion. #NotOkay
How do you think Harry Truman would interpret her statement about a social experiment? Existence of transgender people is not an experiment.
How's this then, do they allow mentally incapable people in the military? If you think you should be a different sex, that's a mental issue
No Charles, they are disruptive.
Dick removal is not medical care. I can't afford insurance, but you want to pay for military sex changes.  #ABetterDeal = Insanity.
The military does NOT cover the medical transgender operations please get your facts straight
Transgender does not in most case mean the gender change Its blatant discrimination against sex just as all corp. have their standards
If they wnt the procedure, they can pay out of pocket like others.  Also, dont polarize our military as U have done with our INTEL Agencies.
Tell you what. Why don't you trade places for a day. You go into the war zone and they can sit on your sofa in the a/c
I'd be more than happy too. I was denied by military due 2 a foot surgery.  @SenSchumer  has never even walked in a recruiting office door.
While trump got 5, repeat 5!, deferments due to bone spurs that don't seem to affect his golf outings.
The military exists not to be a social experiment or health care provider...it exists to kill the Enemy and break things.@realDonaldTrump
What about people with diabetes or asthma? Are you allowing them in the military?
SENATOR THERE SHOULD BE NO DISCRIMINATION IN SERVICE AS A SOLDIER !AND RECEIVING MEDICAL TREATMENT!
No, knucklehead. Are your cornrows to tight? The issue is a functioning military has no place for that kind of disruption.
US MILITARY 
Sleep with whom you choose 
Pee where you choose 
Serve if you choose ... #it'S nobody's business
No the question is, is when are the idiots in N.Y. going to finally get rid of you!!
lopping off a penis isnt same manner putz.... and btw, u didnt serve and are a nasal weasel. @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP ignore dnc fools.
My taxpayer money better not pay for even 1 Viagra...ever again.
My taxpayer dollars better not pay for even 1 abortion...ever again.
Tax dollars do not pay for abortions!
The military is not an all inclusive summer camp.  Not everyone gets to join.  Numerous medical disqualifications. (1)
THERE SHOULD BE NO ISSUES.   THESE ARE PEOPLE,  HUMAN BEINGS THAT DESERVE OUR SUPPORT AND RESPECT.   YES, THEY DESERVE ALL  MEDICAL CARE !
The issue is who pays for elective surgery. The cost for elective surgery comes from the individual's personal wallet, not the taxpayers'.
THE PRESIDENT HAS ALREADY SAID NO WHAT PART OF NO DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND SCHUMER?????????????
WE don't want to have our tax dollars used for elective surgery & hormone shots and this has no place in the Military budget.
Chuck u do realize Muslim's throw gays off building, they'd have a field day with these people
Chuck...since the military will refuse me for being Obese
Will they accept me if I'm trans-gender and Obese?
The problem is they get into the service and get $100000.00 worth of medical operations for nothing !! Don't be stupid Schumer
I'm sorry but I don't think or want my tax money going for their purpose of Meds. If this is the way they want to be they should pay for it
You pay fir their hormones and surgery...i will not!!!
Pathetic SCHMUCKY..go on and cry some more....
What exactly does this statement mean?
Elective surgery? Make that popping sound. Pull your head out for a few mins.
You must be talking about Congress and their healthcare vis-a-vis the rest of American 'S coverage.
Chucky the issue is should public pay any dollars for medical activities via a vis transgender. Want a sex change well pay for it yourself!
But in 2010 Congress voted to take needed Caregiver Stipend from all physically wounded Vietnam Vets. Why are TRANSGENDER more in need?
EVERYTHING DONE ON THE OUTSIDE BEFORE YOU JOIN THE FORCES.?HOW DID YOU MISS THAT CHUCK.????
Not for their plastic surgery! Not fair to tax payers to have to foot the bill!
Not the same Senator.  Try again
Go sign up for Obamacare then get back to us on that!
This shouldn't be a question the math is their This isn't about cutting costs it's a political agenda by the GOP nothing more nothing less
@SenSchumer .013% goes towards their medical treatment vs $4lmillion for Rx Viarga a huge difference they SHOULD be treated equally
We should not be performing elective surgeries on taxpayers dollars.  Chuck why don't you and dem sponser one and pay for it
Are we meant to pay for their trans surgery?
Why do tax payers have to pay for sex changes? If they want to change sex let them pay for it themselves. Waste of tax payers money.
I don't believe that is the issue.  My take is that transgenders are there for the medical procedures that they can't afford on the outside.
Gender Dysphoria is a mental disorder. US military shouldn't accept people with mental disorders.
You will not serve with them, just want to tell others what to do.  Democrats just want to control and have power
Yes sir. The GOP seem to forget that THEY are OUR EMPLOYEES, WE THE PEOPLE. THEY are the MINORITY!
YOU PAY FOR THEIR SEX CHANGE W/ YOUR PLUSH HEALTHCARE CHUCK!

@realDonaldTrump KNOWS TAX PAYERS AND MILITARY ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR IT!
Blah blah blah you think you have all the answer why don't you run for POTUS. We all know the answer to that don't we chuckie
Having a sex change is a private choice.  Tax payers should not pay for elective surgery
You know they should have same benefits as everyone else. They do the same work.
Hmmm, using back door tactics to get them medical ? The fact Commander in Chief has spoken. What legal action (opposition) plans do Dems do?
At a time when veterans are having trouble receiving basic medical care, your statement is ridiculous
It hasn't been an issue until now. Americans are EQUAL on all terms.
Medical care does not include free sex change operations!!!!!
FYI @SenSchumer. @FoxNews posted yesterday, an argument to transgender SMs.  $2.4 mil/1320=$1818/yr/soldier. $8.4 mil/6630=$1266. Excessive?
Come on Chucky let's hear you say it, "Traitor Trump." Nice guys finish last you know.
What do you identify with Pocahontas? You can't give us good deal let alone a better deal.
Too bad you couldn't get every service person to say they was transgender that man in the White House would be screwed
If they join to start the process to change their gender they will not be combat ready. If they completed the change should be no issues.
The military can reject who they wnt. When ur group steps up 4 veterans & get them their PROPER  medical care,then u can speak about that..
And you served where?
You're a phony! Stop insulting vets and military! From someone who has family,friends in military!
Thank you Ma'am.
Your welcome!
This is amazing.  Let the inner WH games tear all these crazy people apart.
They are as much as human beings as straight ppl. Those who think otherwise should check their marbles :-)
Chuck...go ahead and tell how the taxpayers have been paying for their transformation surgeries. Or do you not want the public to know that?
When you have been on the battle field  and shed your blood we will care about your opinion
It`s not about medical care! It`s about who has your back when things get tough! This is not congress! It is the real world! WAKE UP!
Nothing should be any different for them than anyone who serves. They are paying the price for freedom the same way as their  cohorts.
"THEM"? You hypocrite!
The answer is no
You don't get to decide crying chuuckie
Try to think about health care Schumer   No one cares about gender confused people in military
No they will get honorable discharge
Shouldn't have an issue just like we don't need a wall although other countries may want us to stay caged in for their safety
No issue is will be responsible for making the transformation. There's no reason a taxpayer should pay for that. None whatsoever.

Elective surgery should not be on tax payer dime.
old chuck you don't give a F??? about Ppl
The issue is about Govt power over the people and control of 16% of GDP. You are on the wrong side of history and taxpayers are awake
The issue is we are dismissing the needs of patriots.  #LGBTrights #MilitaryReadiness
take a look at your hands chuckie,any proof there of work besides counting money all your life
There is no real issue here. This is Trump's hate-filled agenda determined to discriminate against everyone he doesn't like. They are ppl!!
Expensive medical reassignment.
If soldiers can't decide what there genders are how can they make on the field battle choices over life and death of others.
They can get medical care. However gender change operation should come out of there own pockets.
Sen. Schumer will you now advocate for Medicare for all?
The only one that changed the policy was OB. Hasn't been a policy until last year.
When $96 million spent in erectile disfunction meds what really is the issue
And that's just Chuck!
A sex change is not health care and U are a hypocrite.U only want to help yourself stay in power and it is over Chucky,U Democrats r dirty !
boob jobs, et al are Elective surgeries
Serving your country on the battlefield is too. Have you ever served?
EXACTLY!
It is not an issue
So basically, whether some individuals are seen as real citizens under our Constitution? Thought we'd progressed beyond this... Get'em Chuck
BS then u pay 4 their surgery & life time of hormone replacement Cause American tax payers DoNot & should Not pay U pay from ur own money
Not a right 2 serve.  Obese people cant whole host of reasons ppl cant mental issues is one. Gender dysphoria a mental condition
Their healthcare cost 3 times as much as none transgender people! After reassignment surgery there are device costs & monthly examination!
You pay for their transgender surgeries, Chuck.
Regular medical care, not freak show medical care
You are perverted
No you are paying for expensive transgender surgery and not covering our vets and active military medical care
What is wrong with you?
@SenJohnMcCain is receiving extremely expensive medical care and still serving.
Are you serious? This is a freaking joke! They go to war, same as everyone else!!
No they don't they get the operations they need and by the time all is done they get out and we payed for nothing!
No, the issue is to wipe out everything Obama.
sadly true
Wow Chuck you actually get this situation for once
Obama for 7 1/2 yrs he didnt want them to serve   were you seeking his ouster?  Yeah thought not
If Durham Dems thought they can do tricks & the American People would notice because it is done quietly, they got mistaken yesterday night.

