One-third of American families spend at least 20% of their annual income on child care. RT if you're one of them: https://www.care.com/c/stories/2423/how-much-does-child-care-cost/ … 
.@SenateDems' #ABetterDeal ensures no family under 150% of state median income pays more than 7% of their income on child care.
Dems also want to double the number of children who are eligible for child care assistance.
On top of that, we want to give #ABetterDeal to the talented men & women caring for our children & increase their pay. They deserve it.
And even MORE on taxes, let's get rid of Obama-care and get tax reform done!!!
Try creating a bill and vote on something insread of worrying about TRUMP. I'm about to switch to Republican because of you.
We must all bear the cost the children are our future
Maybe if you can t afford children don't have them.
People's circumstances change .wwe need insurance that we can count on as a right
I don't support Single Payer at all
You do you and we will champion the rest
What does that even mean? You do know these politicians are are causing panic on purpose for political game . They should all be firrd.
I get you...the republican racist misogynist...I am pretty close aren't I,you sly ole little devil..awww
Guess what percentage they give up in taxes that produce nothing but more Congressional bullshit!
Do you want another program? Let's just borrow from China. What will you do when interest rates go up.
And so they should if they choose to. No one else should have to foot the bill of someone who chooses to
Nautica Real Estate will help sellers get more money for their home and help buyers get more home for their money in Florida and Georgia.
In NYC, my entire salary (plus some) went to healthcare and childcare ( and taxes). I  made a good salary too.
How about taking care of your own kids.
So because u taxed us back to the stone age u now want more tax money for more giveaways no one paid 4 my child care NO MORE TAXES
A better deal will never come from Dems.  I hope you lose even more seats. Totally irrelevant would be nice.
Americans 1st need a Mother and Father in the house .Go to the root of the problem not just a financial band aid. "compile family breakdown"

That's exactly why Trump is president after 8yrs of drift under Dems.
perhaps sometimes its less expensive to stay home with your children till they are in school full-time give them a good parenting base
Especially when you consider women's salaries.
@CareDotCom And so what is Schumer's solution? More taxes. How about less taxes, which brings better jobs & higher wages?
2 in 3 families are paying obscenely more in health care insurance with disaster ACA and all lynin Chuck can do is bash any effort to change
For the prior 8 yrs phony Lynin Chuck did nothing but recruit votes & photo ops Now on outside looking in he's got all the answers a MIRACLE
We can start by not having to pay income tax on any of the money we spend on childcare.  It's a disgrace.
Good reason to concentrate on your future. Or just cry your way through life like schumer does
Where were you the last 12 years on this? Not winning my favor cause u act concerned now
Safe, supportive, affordable childcare so needed.
Lower regs
We don't need another Gov't program what we truly need is better paying jobs, less regulation, tax reform and a balanced budget. Get to work
listen to POTUS and you would understand that he has plans for that. Govern or get out of the way. Stop obstructing and spinning the truth.
Haven't you run out of ways to spend our money so the poor can have better lives than we do and I'm not much better off now.
what about the steel coal auto worker do they need a betterdeal,you put them out of work.they don't have 20% of noning,left behind by you.

They also could have fewer kids.
Grow up, paid more than that when I had children and still made a better life by working hard!
lol I wonder how many states are ripping off dads through child support.
You want to start brainwashing new Democrats in daycare?
So who is gonna pay for this. I decided to have kids and I raised them and did it without handouts.  Decision was conscious and responsible
What you said. Same here paid close to 15k a year on childcare.Struggled, but made it through the lean times by ourselves.
If you can't afford a kid #keepthelegsclosed
Because we work for a living
These guys shoot off their mouths and nothing ever happens. Remember by paying 20 percent we stay sheep and we continue to follow the mouths
You had 8 yrs with Obama in charge and you did nothing . Just think how the Billion's you gave Iran would of helped OUR families.
Then lower the taxes they pay so you can buy votes.
Stop spending on entitlements and you might get some credibility
So they have children they can not afford and you want me to pay for them! Bull shit.
Not Ivanka!
Yep. It's called enforcing antitrust laws; breaking up mega companies and giving mom and pop upstarts a shot. Also lower corp tax rate
Good thing Ivanka is trying to help working families with this issue
Yes that is how the world works. We're adults we make decisions
Why have children when you can't afford take care of them? It seems to be personal responsibility. God we have enough on this planet.
Where were you for the past eight years when Obama was president.  Didn't it matter then?    Lies to keep your base, they stupid
This from the pedofile...he has a deal for you. @SenateGOP @GOP
WHY WAS NOTHING DONE IN THE 8 YRS. OF OBAMA FOR CHILDCARE.????
This is why I quit working to stay home. We have more money this way.
Repeal and Replace Chuck it's now or never this needs to happen as well as Tax break and infrastructure and build that wall bigger stronger
shut up Schumer.
Guy who's never had a real job has all the answers for us!
Gonna regulate that too? How about just drastically cutting everyone's taxes and stop spending like drunken sailors
And another 1in 3 have to take care of elder parents who were downsized,tossed out of the workforce,lost their houses to mortgage debacle...
Let me guess.  You have a better deal where families can keep their child care and save $2,500/yr.  No thanks!
Agreed but people also have to consider their situations before having children.
Is that BS coming from one of them polls like the ones that said Hillary would be POTUS now?
That better deal had better include medicare for all
Your number sure looks suspicious as always. I would guess your number should read one or 2% not 20%.
@CareDotCom lies! All illegals n muslim refugees get Welfare, food stamps,etc! Total yearly income more than most Americans!
Hmmm maybe; We could keep more of our money/ less taxes. How about better and less expensive health care. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
50% of our " retirement" income goes to 2 adult children living at home. Wouldn't change a thing. Bring back middle class, though.
Yeah moms that want to be stay home moms should be able to with just their husbands income!
Yeah, you sure have a sweet deal don't u socialist chucky?
Shouldn't childcare be a right too?
BUILD 

THE

WALL

CHUCK!!

STOP OBSTRUCTING CHUCK!!

MOVE @realDonaldTrump 's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain FORWARD 
AMERICA 1ST!

VOTE 2018!
What are they spending on healthcare?
Haven't we been dealing with Obama care and the democrats deal  past 8 years? Are you saying you failed and you want us to trust u again?
Don't care. Stop having kids you can't afford. #NotMyProblem
gee chuck==maybe not having babies would be a start!
We spend over 100% more for your sh*tty healthcare! We are you going to fix that crap? You are a joke and need to be voted out!
Democrats are like communism. Think they have to control every aspect of people's lives.
What now Chuck subsidize all families?  Put limits on child care providers?  Who do you wan to go after now?
A better deal is you not spending our tax dollars. Smaller government get out of healthcare out of schools
Yes. One parent should stay home and the family needs to live within its means. Quite simple actually before govt got involved tax breaks
and we ALL know we won't get a better deal from you & Pelosi. You crap on the working poor every day. Lies & broken promises are all you got
So make others pay. America is great because people were responsible and not on constant welfare
Yep, they do. And it isn't yours. Your sucks the life out of the economy and jobs. It will just give me more reason to move out. Like others
And how many go bankrupt from healthcare?! Yet you stay silent while siding with your donors profits.
That's funny Senator,  Senator Feinstein says 1 in 5 spend 25%.  You 2 need to get on the same page.
How about working on getting jobs in NY and lowering our taxes so we can feed our kids.
Then don't have kids
you piece of human waste
Jesus, more entitlements? Who's going to pay for it, you? #PovertyPimp
but you keep offering a raw deal... people are noticing
Who will pay for it Chuck. U tax and regulate everything. Is it more big feg gov hand outs. Who will pay for it.
Yeah and you want taxpyers to pay for this when it is the parents responsability.
#ABetterDeal Obamacare should be called 'Unaffordable Care Act' and the Single-Payer healthcare plan is even worse.
We also spend 50% of our wages on taxes that help pay your sorry asses a good wage.
Boo Hoo! Parents should be responsible for child care! If you can't afford to have children you don't. Why should Ipay for it?
Agree it's a problem for families. Just like housing and healthcare.
So, that's why you're working with President Trump and Ivanka on their plan, right?
I know this is hard for u to grasp but give this a try. If u can't afford a family, don't have one. Responsibility 101
No more "better deals " from liberals. "Better deal"is the dog whistle for tax payers cover someone else's household bills
What is so unreasonable about that? Raising children costs money. Having pets costs money. Actions have consequences. #PersonalChoices
The liberal entitlement mentality thinks hard working tax payers must pay for others living expenses.
Americans are also spending a min. of 10% of their income on healthcare and that doesn't include dental or vision coverage. 
#MedicareForAll
1 in 3 kids live in poverty. Have you lifted a finger to change that?
Wasnt @IvankaTrump supposed to be working on this? Oh, wait, she's mostly useless in getting anything done and "advising Daddy".
Free Child Care! Free everything! Now!
This is true.... for me and many many others
You're all over the map. How about tax reform, health care and immigration first you tool
what do they spend on healthcare now that Obamacare is starting to get into full swing? #TermLimits
Spent 10k on childcare last year in nys. Can only claim 3k.
We will be watching you. Dems better deal is a joke 8 yrs and nothing good happened your time is up
Balance the budget and eliminate the 20 Trillion debt first
And the rest on healthcare. Defeat this stupid Cassidy bill.
Ny needs a better senator
Not another government program, to many people dependent on social programs.
Us an older couple spend close to that on health care
Free childcare and healthcare for everybody!!!!
Republicans on the hill don't care about this because it is a problem for the " little people" not the rich. They won't do anything for us
I thought you gave up on that better deal hashtag. Polling said it wasn't working for ya!
Chucky.... your approval rating is well below 50%... your obstruction is hurting you... and Americans...  Give us a raise, lower taxes now.
How much do you think we spend on housing? Are you gonna give us all free homes too?
The dems did none of this the past 8 yrs! They are the same tired old democrats as always! If they havnt done It? They're not gonna
Chuck it's about choices. If you want to have a family then maybe you ought to consider having one bread winner. That'll eliminate the 20%.
I quit being a teacher because after paying for childcare and students loans (undergrad and grad school), I barely broke even.
What bills are you going to introduce to congress? Too much talk and not enough work! Stop complaining and do something productive!!
Every time the dems say "better deal" Americans say OUCH !!!!!
Democrats: "YOU'RE paying for things that you're responsible for? This is OUTRAGEOUS!" They are tryna buy your vote with your own $$
We pay too much in taxes and you waste too much of our money!!!
Let's be honest for once, Congress is an expensive parasite that has an unlimited appetite for other people's money.
Frankly, I think a "better deal" might be to provide birth control at no cost.  JMHO.
Obama spent $104 million on his vacations over 8 years, and that could have funded a lot of child care.  How much $ are you wasting?
Great! How about saving ACA? How about #TrumpRussia? What about soaring racism and white supremacy? Do you even know what matters to us? 
Childcare is important but if you don't address Trump's racism, bigotry & sexism and if you don't fight for ACA and fair taxes, you'll lose.

Where have you been you old geezer it's been like that for the last 30 years and what have you done oh yeah you got reelected
Congress had 8 years under Obama to give us a better deal, and what did we get?   A WORSE DEAL!
Branding really irritates me
Want to know the waste of money SUNY Stonybrook threw away on branding?
In the mean time they are firing POC
10 out of 10 Americans spend 43% of their net income go to paying for Obamacrap 
So we can give dreamers free Shit
Remember the days when mom could afford to stay home with the kids because dad could make a good living? #MAGA
I raise my kids and paid my child care I didn't ask people to pay mine don't ask me to pay there's!
All the more reason for the tax break for middle class
If you make a better deal with dems you make a deal with the devil. Watch out. Do not trust them. Beware!
Trump bot
How many families, like mine, have one parent that had to quit because staying home, sacrificing income, is far cheaper than day care?!
So whats up with Mrs Ivanka she should be at the head on the negotiation regarding this issue she said it's her # one goal  childcare
This post is Frightening. #birthcontrol
Every time i See the Dems yous #ABetterDeal it makes me laugh!
Perhaps people should also have a number of children commensurate with their ability to afford them.  Responsibility.
Stop having kids if you can't afford care!
Too many single people having children 4 profit @ the demise of Society. The Schumer's love it Creates VOTES. 4 us it creates Crime & Murder
I agree w/your position Sen Schumer, but do you realize you're retweeting an ad for the for-profit company "http://care.com "?
You know, just like Hitler helped raise the German children...  We can call ours the "SCHUMER YOUTH" or maybe the "HILLARY YOUTH"... Hmmm..
Why do we encourage people to have children they can't afford? Is self-reliance dead in America?
America can't do math. Every necessity can't be top $. Salaries need to keep up with cost of living. Too much $$ hoarded by top 1%. Raises!
Of course you spend that much on child care whether you do it yourself or pay someone else to.
Why are you Not in favor of SINGLE PAYER? Too many bribes from Big Pharma? Not to mention Financial Services. TALK is cheap
No such thing as single payer. All taxpayers pay. Government just controls.
You mean the 49% of us that actually pay taxes pay. Free for all the deadbeats like everything else Democrats support.
I used 2 watch grandkids cuz my daughter wld only bring home $300 mnth after childcare otherwise, working at childcare facility full time!
Love you, Senator, but please...  get a better slogan...  Please.
That's the best these dipshits have.
Truth!
U have had 18 yrs to fix immigration. Ask voters if you can PASS TAX REFORM. Schumer don't care; Ur term good til 2022. No Drama/Pass Agenda
I am a Native CA that has to seek HUD for retirement. U have been in ofc 18 yrs. Ur policies & rhetoric hurt us deeply. VOTER/U had time &$!
Damn right, Chuckie, get rid of Obamacare. That would be a great start!
Nancy & Chuck have been lawmakers 30/18 yrs. The 1% invest! Be creative/Trump will help U. America voted in OUR AGENDA/PASS AGENDA/CA native

Ivanka is gonna help us, right? Not
How about people STOP having babies they cannot afford?
@CareDotCom Maybe if Govt taxed less, and spent less, families would have more. Govt intrusion is the problem not the answer.
Gov't doesn't overtax...what planets are these people on? My State charges way more than Feds!!!
Personal responsibility begins, at home ! Why can't you and your friends, find better solutions why is it always a handout by Taxpayer's ! 
Keep on working Trump just stroke his ego a little and he will do anything.
how long have you been in office? U didn't care over the lat 8 years, but now they should believe something has changed?
Let me guess, this only affects low income families, not the middle class? Am I right? Give them condoms instead if they can't afford kids
Huge problem across this land...
Please for the love of all that is sacred!!! Do something...
He doesn't like you!  or Pelosi @POTUS simply needs you for wrap up of a issue!   So we will see how much "he loves us", in the future. 
Chuck you must get rid of that stupid "better deal" meaningless drivel, or find a way to improve it to make it mean something!!
I wish I only spent 20% on childcare #ABetterDeal
can you please FOCUS on the myriad other issues we have first?
Yeah Chuck,  instead of your "Deal" how about an "Honest Deal"? Robbing Peter to pay Paul is NO DEAL. Quit promoting envy, jealousy, hate !!
"Free" childcare. "Free" healthcare. "Free" college. Everything's "free" in Demworld. Until democrats run out of other people's money.
As opposed to Republican world where Americans get gouged for childcare, healthcare and college. Your are sucker. top 1% hoarding hurting US
Well the fight for 15 ought to fix that... oh, wait! That'll make it worse! Wait! What? 
This summer I had to care for my 3 sons or pay for daycare. At $45 per child it's impossible unless I'm a high falootin gal. Then work night
I'm a Dem, but I'm sick of you ignoring the #equifaxbreach. #DoYourJob please
I was a daycare provider/nanny for 20 yrs.When my own kids were old enough,I quit,because the time put in was not financially worth it.
Not only do families pay large portion of income for daycare,but that people who work in childcare barely make a living wage.
Thank you Senator! I'd love to have kids but literally can't afford to in SF. Better childcare options are crucial, especially for #equality
Not the government's responsibility to ensure you have the lifestyle you want wherever you want to live. SF not working, then move.
How much#equifax stock do u own? Must be why u won't focus on that.#doyourjob

Stick it Chucky chucky where the sun doesn't shine Mark Ohio. Gooooo trump your the real man
It's not the cost of Childcare, it is that incomes have been stagnant for decades.
Trump's childcare plan - have your kids cut the White House lawn. Trump feeds on attention.
we also need a better slogan
