Many of us who work hard for a living support "Single Payer Health Care ".
That's more FOX NEWS brainwashing, the insurance companies just want to keep ripping us off, wakeup and quit watching FOX NEWS.
Or...$115M of federal funding would be return to the people who earned it
@SenateGOP the uncertainty has caused all ind ins to pull from #Va. thanks. No ind ins plans available. What's the self employed to do? #sad
@BMLewis2 WOW! Inconceivable! Only Bitch McConnell & Howdy-Dowdy Ryan would conceive such a plan, just to please Satan DT!
Single payer???.....and when you get the tax bill for your brilliance you all will be whining and crying and blaming Trump. WAKE UP!
We already have Collins as a No .
Thanks Chuckles
That is a staggering loss! How can this possibly fly?
It’s simply not true. He will say anything to keep the ACA afloat. These ppl can either get on Medicaid OR buy INSURANCE privately cheaper.
@SenatorCollins #VoteNo
So...what do a bunch of commies need money for?
Sch will lose thousands if he fails to protect the lobbyist which have him dancing like a puppet. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
That is only $85.82 per person. Tighten your budgets. You owe the US citizens fiscal responsibility. Live within your means,.we have 2
"Chuckie-Cheeze~"
If the bill doesn't say that word-for-word, then I consider you a lying SHITBAG!!
@TheDemocrats been lying 4ever!
Have you lost ability to think from all of your hating Schumer? If you didn't block TrumpCare they would be ok now wouldn't they?
Also Schumer. You're a liar. Trumpcare would save the state. Stop it already. We all know every word is a lie.
About the same amount that obama wants us to give him for his 2018 expenditures. I have an idea. Get it from obama!
You mean the roughly $1m that he's receiving like every other former president? Off by a few zeros. The $700b for the military has room tho.
Trumptards HATE facts - just like their hero. Nauseating.
We've already lost over $20 trillion, what's $115 million more.
That means my taxes will go down, right Chucky?
Why is main getting 115 million fed funding.  This should be a state issue. Not a fed issue. Your a fool
Get off Medicaid then!
You mean taxpayers would save $115 million.
Time for each citizens to pay their own bills.  We do here ...Jobs not hand outs.
Gonna be a five alarm shit show, Chuck! Dems will just hafta keep the body count and wait till the "base" cries "UNCLE!"
Sounds punitive
Knock it off Chucky! All these saving are the greatest news we could ever have. Thanks for the update. Win win win!
It probably ends up in the pockets of the 1%rs & 2%rs, all billionaires what can I do with more, it's all for greed
@SenatorCollins  Worth noting.

Oh stop with the obvious distortions, Senator. Why don't you try a little truth on for once?
Does the GOP ever listen to or respect their constituents?  Doesn't majority rule in a democracy?
Then pressure Maine Senators to vote NO. Surely some will listen to reason.
There are two...and they most likely will! Still not enuf!
Thanks
Then they need to cut back somewhere else
Stop pretending the #TrumpKillBill is about anything other than killing poor and working poor in America.
Lie lie lie
Leave it up to the states. How much more money can the government afford. Debt ceiling. Hello
Include the call in number 202-224-3121. Call to action.
Private sector will pick up the pieces if allowed to operate
#mepolitics
Bernie wants single payer to include illegals, you want the illegals for the  vote & I want America 1st & Govt out of my HC & Trump MAGA!
Awesome
Taxpayers getting back some of the Kansas Kickback... awesome!
blah blah blah chuckie,keep feeding more bull
So Maine needs to raise taxes if they want every one covered. Let the people pay for it.
You mean you will lose kickback money if this passes. You cant have you income lowered now can you?
You guys act like children no wonder the dnc has no regard for your opinion
They wrote leg. to screw states of GOP senators that didn’t support them last time? AK, ME, AZ &WV. How does that make sense except revenge?
So in short the insurance companies are gonna have to operate with 15% less free money from the tax payer.whybjot medicaid for all?
@SenatorCollins please stand strong and vote no on the GC bill - hurts your constituents in Maine
Wow, Chuckles has New York annexing the state of Maine too.   Chuckles is more dangerous than North Korea.   Even Putin stopped at Crimea.
America should boycott Obamacare don't buy insurance
Do you hear that @SenatorCollins?
How about limiting or ceasing funds to all States refusing to comply with ALL federal laws! Don't like them, change them legally - your job!
Shouldn't we as a country start tightening our belts and quit having congress spend us into oblivion?
The answer is medicare for all
@SenatorCollins #KillTheBillNotAmericans #MakeMaineProudAgain #SaveAmericanLives #NoGrahamCassidyBill #NoDeathBill #VoteNO #VoteNO
Still doesn't change the fact you're a
You mean less American Tax dollars are being used? Dems just love sticking it to Joe the plumber.
Can't be any worse than Obama stealing $700+million from Medicare! We the people want you and congress to live by the same law's you create
@realDonaldTrump   are we a republic or are we cuba?
Over how many years? Just how many people live in Maine that it gets 115 million???
So the plan is that the donor states give more and the beneficiary states recieve more! Now if that were the the tax plan, it might work!
Please vote no on this bill and help republicans find their way to a NO vote!
O dear that is a 115 million dollars that the taxpayer will save!

This is taxpayer $$$$.  Not yours!
Ummm, that Federal funding? It's money we pay in taxes. 4 his golf trips, secret service, trips 2 his resorts, his kids trips
3 states account for nearly 40% of Obama Care dollars. No wonder they are squealing. Time to pay fair share

Thread on how states get shafted by funding.
This article lays out the money side or lack thereof .https://www.cbpp.org/research/health/cassidy-graham-amendment-would-cut-hundreds-of-billions-from-coverage-programs-cause …
All about the money. Thanks for ACA chuck.
.

And under u all americans suffering

Suffer with Americans get rid of their health-Care

.
Like Calif., NY, they expanded Medicare on the backs of other states who didn't because they saw it as financially unsustainable.
Poor excuse for stupid people who acted out of ignorance not principles.
I think its time to take the fate of ALL citizens lives out of the hands of Congress. Congress plays with people lives and futures.
Do you think they are smarter? God tries to save fools & babies. Which are you?
Keep writing checks. Send to me not Maine
not cool at all
So suggest a fix
That's a punishment to Collins. No other way to say it
Go take a nap!
SORRY CHUCK #Obamacare IS DEAD. YOU ALT-LEFT WACKO DEMOCRATS NEED TO BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE
Yes you rt wackos are known for doing masterpieces. Read a romance book.
Support @SenSanders bill #MedicareForAll 

Why aren't you endorsing, Chuck?  How much money have you received from health insurance Co's?
Go get get what we need please!! We need you to keep going!! I'm behind you!! For now while we have common enemy- Trump.
Geez why do we have to pay the insurance companies too?  No wonder the country is broke. Crap healthcare.

OK but what about the transcripts of Hillary's Wall St speeches? I'm sure she promised them to repeal Dodd-Frank.
Sounds like a lot tax money will be saved by the US. Glad to hear it
Did you forget to CC @SenSusanCollins ?
There's 1 & only 1 acceptable way to repeal the ACA...

REPLACE IT WITH #SinglePayer
Real americans have your back @GenFlynn
Good let Maine use state money
see that parttern? Youve already sold out the blue states not the red states are the only ones with anbything to lose
