U never held a Bi partisan conversation you whole life liar
With BEGINNING of #SallyYates & James Clapper TESTIMONY #GOP looks down the barrel of THEIR #benGhazi #KARMA! #Dems
Nothing came of Benghazi......
I thought of that2...except HUGE animosity by the "great unwashed' vs Hillary & #Dems ~Switching to #Watergate We KILLED #GOP on THAT
#sallyyates gave a very informative testimony today! She was unfairly fired for standing up against constitutional violation.
Unfairly fired? Republican Presidents are under no obligation to keep Democrat appointees
Uh huh.  Especially when that appointee is investigating corruption that leads up to the Bozo in the Oval.
What about who leaked classified info to the democRAT media?
You mean Obama using US taxpayer money to interfere with Israel's election?
POTUS gave all of these dirt bags the benefit of doubt. Found out for himself. Then fired him.
I hope thw Russians interfere with your reelection Schmucky...you need to give it a rest and be gone already!!!
#maga!
He does along with Pelosi and Feinstein
bipartisan. That's a odd word to use in the same spot where #SallyYates would be included.
Cry baby 
Wonder if #SallyYates knew about AG email saying she would protect #Hillary & NOT let investigation on her #GoToFar .Illegal Gov't Collusion
Source  of these ?Facts?
Senate Intelligence Committee.
instead the republicans were deflecting and refused to deal with the Russian  matter at all
The truth will show that it was the Dems that colluded with Russia. Everything they blame others for is usually found to be their truth.
You haven't answered why it is okay for the US to interfere in other countries elections! #Hypocrite Where is your evidence?
I was disgusted over T. Cruz & others today! When will the Trump/Russia Connection End his seat in the W.H? Enough is Enough!!!!
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Poor Chuckles..DJT didn't consult with you about his new judge appointee's? THAT is a FUNNY joke! You mean how you would have consulted him?

The America people think it's time to clean the swamp. You are one. Your party should have done something about Clinton
Russian attack on US electoral process & influence of US officials & no independent commission?  Where did America go, I want it back!
Don't worry about this Chuck!
according to 'experts', this has been happening for decades? Why didn't Obama do something? Why didn't Bush do something?
There is only a maximum limit for the disability of people with disabilities, but there is no minimum limit.
Obama allowing Iran to go Nuclear and fund terrorism against Israel doesnt bother you
Wouldn't it be nice just once to see one positive thing that Democrats are doing "for" America rather than all "negative" Rhetoric & B.S.
It should,bt instead the rt wants 2 put its head n the sand & act like nothing happened.they think 14 gov agencies got together & made it up
Nothing did happen, it's a democRAT witch hunt
Yes just like man walking on the moon it was all made up.awesome how u can get 1,200-1,500 ppl on the scam & no1 lets the scam out
Where was all this enthusiasm when Obama was meddling with Israeli elections?
Or you could call for a parallel investigation on Hillary pay for play! Or maybe even giving Russia our uranium? Or Obama meddling in Israel
There should be a special investigation. Trump's insane tweets prove he knew all along. Trump had his minions working with the Russians!
Did they get you elected?
How much money have you taken in return for favors
Looks like that back fired on yah Chucky!
Nah. How abt Investigating WHY Dems are trying to Bankrupt USA!? That's what ulolead to Bolsheviks takeover.
Enough talk and more action!
Why don't you ever discuss the positive?  CEO Says He's Investing $2B in US Because of 'Confidence in Trump'. Excellent! h/t @AndrewJKugle
Schumer!
Blah blah blah
Ur Party was the only interference in the Election! Lies upon lies upon lies from liars & hypocrites!!!
Sally Yates is my new hero
- We need an independent investigation NOW!#TrumpRussiaCoverUp # SallyYates
Give it up Chuck. U have no idea what bipartisan even means.
U hypocrite 
U hack 
Keep up the good work !
U paved the way for trump win !
Now you're on to something Chuck. Let's hear more about Russia and Clinton Foundation
Schummer is insignificant, no one cares what this hateful lunatic thinks, his hate is clouding what is left of his mind
Yo Chuckles. That's if U believe #ButtHurt Lib's said premise of interference taking place. Which you STILL have no EVIDENCE for. #JustSayn
Didn't get the answers you wanted, Chuck because there aren't any Russia/Trump ! Move on ! Stop be obstructionist or retire !
Well the biggest prblm was HTC made it easy to hack her server & the DNC. So the Dems are at fault 3. U don't make it easy to be robbed
Like your former boss just did in France? #hypocrite #faketears 
@SenateDems To Republicans this played out today as standard "inferences" against Trump team. It is going to backfire on y'all.
I just saw OBAMA endorse Macron! USA has interred with elections before. Russia exposed the DNC as a joke! New idea be honest
What about Main Street Media interfering with our elections.
Go back to sleep Chuck is Not Sunday yet!
Get it going Chuck. Use some of that political power all those years in government have bestowed upon you. This
Good job chucky a big waste of taxpayers money. If you did nothing we the American people would be better off.
You must demand trumps tax returns. 10 years at least.  We must know if he owes money to Russian banks
How did things work out today there dummy?
If the damn @GOP would stay on topic instead of Ms Yates' handling of Muslim ban it would help get the Russia issue resolved
Quit worrying about why you and demo not getting elected . Do something to protect us here
Did Obamas administration try to undermine the Israeli election?
You should also look at China, N Korea, Syria, any other country that had hacked our DNC computers. Turn over the records to be investigated
u still around go away
No evidence Russia was successful in interfering with the election. Sorry Hillary-- you lost the ole fashion way
Any repubs who will stand up for what is right?  Have we really gotten to this place?  If situation reversed, dems would! So disgusted.
Clapper said no proof Russia had success in interfering with the election. They undeniably tried but no proof. Poof
Chucky move into a log cabin lock door start to paint by number pictures. Maybe you can do that because you can't work with Americans idiot
Let's go to where this all began , "Hillary's private server. "
81 times US inferred with foreign  elections with a 59% out come in US favor,  Yates still couldn't answer straight question.
Sick home watching this.  Makes me sick that they are saying it will happen again.  Look I would show my ID give my DNA whatever it takes 1/
To have an honest election.  Do them on paper have a group of republicans and democrats count results.  Do spot checking on actual votes
We're to expect a proper investigation with Mike Conaway along side at the helm?
Is there a Republican seemingly, NOT in Russia's pocket? 
Why this same thing over and over again?Hillarylost and Russians had0to do with it.   Are the Falcons still disputing who won the super bowl
Hmmm, interference such as Obama running political ads in France for their now new president? OR interference in Israels election by Obama?
like #fakenewsmedia @CNN @MSNBC @ABC @CBS @nytimes @washingtonpost @latimes laying to public colluding w #DNC @HillaryClinton?
Needed discussion!
Why does it seem like @SenateGOP is not really concerned with Russian Interference and wants to smear Sally Yates and Susan Rice
They are towing the party line.
Bipartisan?  Come on Senator.   You wouldn't know bipartisan if it fell on you.
Unfortunately the republicans spent valuable time trying to discredit former acting Attorney General Yates. She handled them well.
And US interference in foreign elections. Right, Schumer?
Your candidate stunk
She had the most ties to #russia and y'all really need focus rebuilding #democrat party
The #DNC is a train wreck
@SenSchumer This hearing PROVES we need an #IndependentInvestigation
Go for it.
Will guarantee you will never see another #democrat President as long as you live.
Why this 2x Obama voter crossed to #trumptrain
Go #Sally Yates!
#HeadClown
When r u guys going to do something about our health care system....I can't afford $800 per no/10 k deductible!!
Chuckie boy you stink !
And then Senator Cornyn attacked Sally Yates and her decision to not defend the President's first travel ban, for which she was fired for.
Independent investigation is paramount!!!
@AshBlankenship8  Senator, Yes!!  A special prosecutor/independent investigation is necessary.  Absolutely! Please.
We need an independent commission to investigate this - the GOP obstruction in these hearings is outright deliberate & shameful!
True however when the POtuS is indebted to a foreign oligarchy things get complicated
Incendiary tweets be damned; Trump should testify.. under oath
@SenateDems @cjtfarrell why did DNC refuse server inspection ?
How about investigating DNC and Obama interference in election? Obama spied on 35,000 Trump supporters. No attention is an evil precedence!
The husband of fired acting Attorney General Sally Yates is a top donor to Democrats and former President Obama.
has the us ever interfered in another country elections?
how about ppl also discuss domestic interference in our democratic election by the DNC or is that not concerning to you?
Why don't you ask the Dems who have been ok'ed to see the Rice Unmasking files to look? Afraid it will break your BS agenda?
Grassley is unbelievable. His questions clearly are more concerned with unmasking and leaks rather than Russian meddling.
#sallyyates Grassley totally unconcerned about Russian hacking only leaks.
@ChuckGrassley
Should begin Impeachment or 25th amendment for lack of judgement by an administration.
Independent. Investigation. Now. #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #PutinPuppet
And yer we are still talking about how something that is true got leaked.
Clapper, Rice and Clinton look directly into the homes of Americans and LIE! All should be prosecuted! ALL!
Russia had nothing to do with why Americans didn't vote for Hillary Clinton! And you still have her in charge which is a "huge" mistake!
Where's the evidence?
It has to.  Turning a blind eye is not an option.  Congress is only doing this because they either know or assume the worst about dt.
The problem is you will only accept one scenario. So far there is no evidence of that scenario, but hey resist and obstruct.
Hope they ask about #TERMLIMITS
No collusion. What are you going to lie about next
Sounds like HRC had info collected from Yates testimony with Sen Graham!  LOL!  Be careful what you push for Dems!
GOP #AHCA 2.0 reflects "personal responsibility" ideology - got cancer? It's your fault & $. My take:
Glad to see SOMEONE taking this seriously. Maybe more citizens are, but the current administration appears 2B totally ignoring it!
Flynn's Love for Russian money is the crux of this 'thing'. Follow the Rat, and you'll find the money, as the FBI says. SAD!
I love how the left look at the symptoms not the  issues If Hillary didn't lie n cheat would the Russians or anyone have had anything at all
they can't answer any f'n questions! Deflect, deflect ! You know Hillary is corrupt as they get!
What does Flynn's Russian collusion have to do with Hillary? Oh, I know! Trump's campaign worked with Russians on hacking our election!!!
Will that include the discussion of classified intelligence leaks and who's responsible?
Oh yes, that's the most important thing. Let's find out who leaked the truth so we can prosecute them!
Didn't say it was MOST important! But it still needs to be answered unless YOU think it would YOUR cause. That's the problem if u can't c it
Hurt*
Too much bipartisan cover up and corruption. Become a Libertarian. It's so much more fun! LOL
here is a free clue for Democrats. SECURE YOUR DAMN SERVER! Then don't blame someone else.
Hillary 's didn't turn out as bad as trump's.  He is into everything that he shouldn't be. She has worked for the people all her life.
there is no proof to your trump statement oh and as the people of Hati about Hillarys help.

We, the people, want to stop wasting time and effort effort on a no collusion finding investigation.Investigate Obama spying on Trump w NSA!
Talk, Talk, Talk, you do not want to do anything bipartisan.
An independent investigation would be fking nice...
THANK YOU
