It's critical this @CommerceGov study be followed by strong action, esp when many powerful special interests will oppose any real change.
Democrats had 8 years to start a work America campaign... destroy America is lol we got. #democratsaredone
Really? then why did the market, unemployment, union membership and more spike just this year? #socialism fails every time #Venezuela
Smart business move
Two days in a row you are agreeing with this Kabuki. This investigation is a complete fraud. Wake up!
Yes. Good first start. Maybe 45 could actually use American steel in his remote white houses
Another example of American mismanagement of industry and placing blame with a more industrious Nations. Weak, insecure people pass the buck
Liar you backed tpp
Putin stop sending you checks? Perhaps you can get Soros to increase his.
I assume the issue began with Bush skipped 8 years came to light again January 20th
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS chinese steel?  HYPOCRIT!
But subsidizing your party by way of immigrants is ok
Wake up Chuck!we need strong leaders  no weaklings,The Republicans are out playing us,and you must remember what they did to O! No!No!! No
I see why we continue to lose elections it's because of softy like you,lying Drumpf gets his steel from China and you buying his nonsense?
They were already purchased from Obama admin !!!!!
And the Academy Award goes to Chuck Schumer for his performance in "Pretending to Give a S&%t About American Steel"
Now your an unfair trade hawk? #joke
Just gotta be a democrat bill and only a democrat bill to gain any support from you.
"If the president is serious about 'Buy American' he should announce his support for Tammy Baldwin's bill. That would be real," Schumer said
Ok, but stay focused on #Trumprussia #impeachTrumpnow
Steel imports just started plaguing US, yesterday? You haven't done JACK SHIT in the last 8 years UpChuck.
Isn't US steel subsidized?
YOU THUNK.
You didn't have anything to say about it for the last 8 decades you been in Washington. Why show concern now? Re-election soon?
And now China is important to u  !  Silence for 8 years. Wonder why
Has been a problem for many years! Why R U now bringing up ? Probably because Pres. Trump is looking into. I'm sure wasn't Ur original idea
Trump already said that
U dig any trade policies & Im sure will find China exploiting in every sense..which is big reason for killing home markets & ultimately jobs
Yes Chucky. I think POTUS is doing the right thing too even if you won't admit it
That's twice you've supported potus45's position/approach.  Be careful, your base might get big-league restless 
Nonsense. Just 2% of steel imports into the USA are from China. https://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/Press-Release/2017pr/01/steel/steelp.pdf …

Oh wow! You decided to stand up for American workers? What happened to #resist ??? #democratsaredone
The Washington Post ran a op/ed about the impending collapse of Obamacare and what Pres Trump is going to do about it. Like it is his fault.
1/2 According to the International Trade Administration, Russia is the world’s fourth largest exporter of steel sending between 400,000 and
2/2 1 million metric tons to the United States. Coincidence?
What happen  ! You just woke up!
hey jacka--, u supported imported steel n lost of American jobs. We remember!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You'll just pull a BS Inv but won't do squat.  Tax imports, stop taxing exports!
Chucky what do you know. All you do cause trouble for our country and cause trouble for our great president
Check Trump's invoices.
left agreeing with something Trump did  , not sad---Happy.
Again, working together Dems & Reps, can it be true....one can only dream
Steal from China is cheap and it rust very quickly. People in America need to work.  Liberal dipshits!
Your starting to get the picture.
Protectionism is the bipartisan dirty laundry of both parties
Should have been happening for the last 8 years. Too much lobby money?
What Democrat's approved this? Wait we know you will not answer this
Don't forget to tie this into how Trump is allowing foreign steel to be used for pipelines!
Omg, what the hell is wrong with you. This has been a decades old problem and you get to it now? Resign!!
This statement is much too reasonable for Sen."Resist" Schumer.  It must be fake news.
Your the only powerful (corrupt) interest opposing real change... get with the program
Why don't you be in charge of all investigations over the next eight years Chuck. You think that started during the Trump Administration
All the sudden you're concerned.  POTUS has said he wants Steel made in America.
Since when do @TheDemocrats ever oppose a good federal government subsidy?
I have been told that Chinese steel is bought and used by "AMERICA FIRST" Trump...despicable and corrupt dealings. What a fake and fraud!
Who told you?
Yes,but Chuck ask yourself does he have an alternative motive? Does he have investment s we don't know about. What's going on with the ethic
Senator this has been going on for years.. Why your sudden interest? Steelmills all over this country have been driven out of business
@POTUS Taxes, White House visitor logs, Closed Sidewalks. When is the end to the Free Press coming?? @POTUS is a disgrace #nontransparent!!
Just had to deal with a well company. They told us, Chinese pipes only last about 5 years. Kudos, they won't use.
Well that steel came through china but it was originally from Russia maybe you should check traps partnership agreement with the pipeline
Kinda another way of saying "they make it cheaper" what about subsidized tupperware or dog toys?
Where did the steel come from for the DAPL pipeline?
I believe we had already ordered or purchased from China. But going forward it will be USA.
Source?
I had heard it on Fox over a month ago. I cannot point you to any reading material. Sorry!
NP, but I don't believe anything on that network. I won't allow my students to use it as a source for their research projects, either.
A better step is to fire up the steel mills in the USA
and sell it for a higher price?
