U.S. Bishops Chairman Calls Senate to “Reject Changes” to Social Safety Net: http://www.usccb.org/news/2017/17-117.cfm … 
@USCCB I should be able to buy the product I want, with the coverage I want, w/o gov't mandating products I don't need!
We pay MORE in premiums deductibles copays than ANYWHERE in the world! Thousands $ annually just to have access ie. Ireland-$900 tax=covered
Quick Google search of Ireland healthcare proves I don't want that type of healthcare system
So, clearly, you already have health care. Again, why is it ok for companies in US to provide care based on their PROFIT MARGIN.
Clearly I HAD ins that I liked, wanted to keep & want it back! GOV't shouldn't mandate what's best for me
The public does not want this bill to pass in its current form.  We need bipartisan work on this and include women in the process
We need COMPLETE REPEAL and start from scratch.
You will garner even more support from public if every time U are on camera you tell us &GOP you R willing 2 sit down w/GOP 2 find solutions
Oh, like the GOP would work with Dems?! Yeah, right - when pigs fly. It's time to clean house. Support third party candidates.
Don't forget unaffordable Care Act excluded all Republicans from table.
GOP vow to obstruct from Day 1 might have something to do with that. They're showing their true stripes now.
Please please help us - all Americans- get a sane & intelligent President - (neither of which this president is)in the White House in 2020
Mr Schumer. It will not. Tell the truth to the American people.
Why believe a lier ?
You do realize not EVERYONE on Obummercare NEEDS it right?
Of course! Many people go their entire lives without ever needing healthcare. #F-ingIdiot
Calling someone an idiot with a hashtag that doesn't work. LMAO!
You must come from that family that never needs healthcare. Enjoy paying triple as I use the ER for my primary physician at no cost, thanks!
So you admit that Government funded healthcare and people that take advantage of it are the reason prices are going up.
#repeal
You do realize that's not how it works right?
That's just a leftist socialist lie to try to make it seem like you have the moral high ground
They do have the high ground, healthcare is a RIGHT not a luxury. Thats why ER doctors won't let ppl die on their steps if they can avoid it
Universal coverage is the only humane answer. My husband went to the Dr which was fully covered but they won't approve medicine. $398. OOP!
What happens when your husband enters a govt owned facility w/govt pd MDs who can dispense only the cheapest drugs available?
Hmmm... Private NO care currently vs Gov't funded (our tax $)? I choose CARE. Why is it ok for gov't to fund war not healthcare?
Not a good analogy. I realize your heart is in the right place, but you have to remember, bureaucracy doesn't do emotion.
Yeah and For Profit health care doesn't provide treatment based on their profit margin, right?! Where is the humanity in any of this?
The Library computer rounds every thing off as an Econ major Ir bothered me Vincent and I agree
The most urgent need is lower insurance premiums & deductibles for all. UNACA rising cost of premiums & deduct. is why we're in this mess.
This social safety net has screwed up our healthcare system and has reduced the incentives to work and take care of ourselves
AND the Church doesn't believe in birth control or abortion. Use the Church when it suits you, abuse it when it doesn't?
When was the last time you confessed? Is YOUR legacy more important than what's best for the country. You're needlessly scaring ppl.
Are you Pro-Life now Chuck?
#fakenews
But that is political hack and you know it.
Ok. Now do that with their position on abortion. #cherrypickingchuck
Absolutely AGREE...thank you Chuck xoxo
Hey @SpeakerRyan THE CATHOLUC BISHOPS ARE CALLING YOU OUT.
Chuck how about that CNN Russian Scandal that you knew all about why weren't you speaking out hello hello Chuck hello?
Wouldn't it be smarter to lower the cost of medical care so that insurance premiums would be lower &the lawyers would have 2 look elsewhere
Aren't most Catholics Democrats?
From a slime ball that advocates and defends the slaughter of innocent unborn babies. Hell has a special room waiting for you Chucky
How about making it fucking affordable for people who can't pay the EXORBITANT premiums
How do GOP not see as obvious
Omg chuck thank god we have you to save us from your lies, partisan points and made up scare comments.  Lol
They are kicking Medicare back to the states not off insurance!
Could u possibly add that anyone that votes for it is voting for a personal tax cut and this is just relief for the rich
Shutup have read what the universalhealth care is,ur anidiot it equalbankruptcy askthe Canadia government n as the Canadians,tell Pocahontas
Why the lies chuck?
What you put forward is slanted too. This bill is a giveaway to the rich on the backs of the workers and middle class.
That's what Obamacare did middle class can't afford it. We need a health care plan that works for everyone.
The answer is for u to just once do what is right for ALL of Americans Not just ur chosen few And Stop being an obstructionist
Funny Schumer, separation of church and state! Oops forget again?
Obama care was a horrible communistic mistake.  All of you democrats should be ashamed.  If anyone is MEAN it's you.
How is it "communistic" when health insurance companies and big pharma got richer?
Why didn't you just leave it alone.  Healthcare is not a right its a privlidge if you can afford it.  Plain and simple.
Amen! @BarackObama should have NEVER started HC for ppl. Now they think the government owes it to them!
To use any religion to support

your idealogy is WRONG!

In all fairness NOW POST

same organization views on

ABORTION & Planned Parenthood
Chuck Schumer- You said they're about 1.6 million uninsured in NY State. Where do children go if their parents can't afford Obamacare?
What is your answer ? Suggestion? Wake up quit resisting !!!!! If you were an everyday Joe you would be Fired ( for sucking)
Congress no longer works for the people.
Cc @McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr @DemWarRoom @SenateDems @SenSchumer
Have you even read the Bill? Please tweet where in the Bill it says the poor, elderly, disabled will suffer, where? FACTS
Tell the bishops to sell a few crowns and help the needy buy insurance
Why do you need Medicaid if we have ACA/Obamacare?
You need to separate the two groups of "those in need." Those afflicted through no fault of their own, & those with self-inflicted damage!
How about these folks who are ALREADY dying b/c of ur healthcare bill??
FLORIDA PEOPLE REALLY DYING ACA

State's attorney blames #Obamacare through tax payer benefits unlimited funds for scams. #OpiodCrisis 
Well then, get off your high horse and be a MAN!!  I'm sure your help in making a Health Care for ALL would surly be accepted
You're such a liar. This health bill helps the middle class families. You sir will be losing your job in the near future.
We'll only be a rich and vibrant society if the rich give back their fair share of what we as a nation provided them to attain their wealth.
#DoctorsSpeakOut #firstdonoharm
Scare tactics....
When in the hell did you (D) become "PRO-LIFE" ????? #SilverTonguedDevil
Canada covers everyone for less $ per capita than the USA currently spends. Be a true leader, Senator. http://www.canadashistory.ca/Explore/Politics-Law/History-Idol-Tommy-Douglas …
We dont want Canada's healthcare.
I know, such a travesty that Obama care is going bankrupt leaving everyone without coverage.
You wouldn't know our needs, you blind and deaf to us.
natural genetics this poison is then passed to the child by the ignorance and neglect of parent not natures evolution
Then Chucky why don't you stop being an obstructionist and get in there and help with the healthcare bill or stop complaining! Enough!
court against the science you haven't done when a persons mom uses a highly toxic substance it isn't genetics, its altering
The guy who launched Canada's Medicare-for-all universal health program was voted "Greatest Canadian of All Time."
Mind your own business.
@SenSchumer You are a socialist dictator..  Get out of the USA
Agree. Access to health care is Pro Life!
Not for Democratic swamp rats.
neural toxin cancer sealing "perfume" Angelina Jolie and her mom both poisoning themselves, to say its genetic would fail in
Health care access is PRO-LIFE.
if you want to go with "cancer children" shouldn't you research neural toxins Elizabeth Taylor died from breathing her own
#CrybabySchumer is a huge fraud #DrainTheSwamp  I stand with Trump
having children, and again"most in need" or they will be paying customers to various Jewish entertainment and merchandise????
Didn't bother U with Obama Care crappy coverage & almost bankrupted America. We know the truth Chuckie.
I have a jacket if you need some coverage.  How about YOU getting Obama care?
I personally think all politicians need a pay cut to help pay for healthcare. Take obamas pension!!!!!
"most in need"...hmm who decided that critical piece of judgment?? Aren't they supposed to have a job have a home then consider
US  won't have good HC until you and the rest of congress have to live by the same laws as the rest of us. No more exemptions for congress!
AMEN!
Do you want everyone on Medicaid? If so, we could have done that to the original 14 million ppl and not saddle everyone with Obamacare!!!
the coverage is too high even if u have healthcare u don't have medical care. Sick of cleaning up the dems messes. Let Ocare die
Do BRCA tax credits result in payment over taxes owed?  Would $12k in wages really get $14k in tax return?
What is the answer then?
Why does McConnell have so much power?  He is as crooked as the day is long.  He, Ryan, & Sessions, Burr, McCarthy et@al should  be in jail.
You lie out of both sides of your face, sir.
@USCCB @SenateGOP my daughter will lose along w many like her. She had no coverage till Ocare due to ind hlthcare till Ocare.
Too bad, buy her healthcare.
glad fir your sentiment many children will loose with autism thanks for your awesome tweet. Yay
#singlepayer chuckaroo
Many who can't afford Obamacare are actually the tax payers of this country, they paid for other ppls care but can't afford their own!
THEN WORK WITH THE OTHER part and get a good plan if not shut up
They say you are not a "serious person." Clearly, that is bullshit.
So does the head of the #DNC know that you are #pro-life #RightToLife ? I guess you missed the hidden meaning in that picture
Do #Democrats not realize when they #obstruct @realDonaldTrump they are obstructing #Americans, what he is doing is for us NOT HIM #MAGA
I've yet to see something he has done that didn't directly benefit him.  Can you point it out?
How about welfare reform...put the deadbeats that can to work instead of letting them suck the life out of others. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Amen
Thank you, Bishops. If any if these GOP members consider themselves Christians, they best read Matthew 25: NOW! Hypocrites!
Oh and you are??  Judge not that ye be judged?  Practice what you preach!
Interesting. Senator Schumer sounds quite serious. Meanwhile, POTUS is thinking about golf.
I know I can speak for A LOT of people in Louisiana, we are SICK AND TIRED OF THE WAY YOU TREAT THE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT..#MAGA
but killing #singlepayer in Cali is.. #hr676 #deleteyouraccount #demexit
Sad times in politics. #Democrats only message is 2 hate #POTUS instead of #Impeach45  why not #Workwith45 he is trying to fix the messu did
Save it fake tears Schumer!  No one believes you anymore.
They should dig deep in their own pockets and pay up.
So that's not the big surprise...any guesses about what it is, Chuck? 
We need the Congress to stand up for the American people and beat down #Trumpcare!
What about Obama care? Stripped HC from people who paid their own way. You realize it needs a bail out now right? SMH
Retweet if you believe Democrats should run on a #SinglePayer platform.
