Fight #thewall and everything else the Kleptocracy throws at you. Be strong! No bargains.
Yeah, you tell em! That's a great way to get things done for the citizens. Dems new platform = a big fat 0
Payback & Karma=Twin Bitches
The only citizens 45 cares about are rich friends & donors
Hate has a way of clouding rational thinking. Sad for you & all Dems who are in denial. You are not accomplishing a thing.
Dems are in denial?? Um no,our eyes r open & we R fighting to save our country from traitors
WE are the ones saving our country from being overtaken by extreme leftist agenda.
What exactly is the extreme leftist agenda you are referring to? providing Healthcare? keeping Education? funding science and the EPA?
Leftist agenda=Open borders, illegal immigration, welfare state,globalism
Senator, don't call him "POTUS." Donald does not deserve that title or the respect that comes with it.
Donald is a proven liar & thief, and a likely traitor.
He needs to remove his American flag lapel pin before he soils it further.
Where's your so-called proof?!?  Where in the effing hell was your outrage when Obama was committing multiple acts of treason?
Still watching that Russian news, huh?
I'm not, but you sure are!
Then remove all of the people that you didn't intend to personally tweet!
.@SenSchumer @POTUS any extra funding for abusive immigration system should also be off the table. @hrw writes: https://www.hrw.org/news/2017/04/25/us-congress-reject-trump-anti-immigrant-funding …
hateful. What if they're US citizens? You seem to have some issues with race....
One problem w the system is US citizens' relatives being deported. What if the kids are citizens and the mom not? Tear them apart?
Overstaying a visa is not a crime. Should we tear you from your kids if you have a traffic ticket?

All happy because your illegals can still come over making us American born, tax paying citizens have to support them. Be for U.S. citizens.
It will be back as soon as he gets enough leverage. #MAGA
The PEOPLE voted for Trump & the wall. The PEOPLE want the wall.

Politician Chuck Schumer in 2009 was "#BuildTheWall" Somehow his position has changed with a republican in W.H.   
the way I look at it is the democrats is less concerned about our safety then president trump
No it's not good for the US he's taking it off the table.He took it off temporarily so you will quit whining about it. Grow up!!
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.Its just on paused.But mark my words, Trump WILL build that wall,he's a man of his word. MAGA
Man of his word? Bless your sweet little heart. We understand; no one wants to accept they've been misled and betrayed.


please resign now
You can find 80B to bail out private industries but can't find 10B to secure our southern border? Dems care not for our security
Not when at the same time this fool is going to give a tax break to the rich and corporations...we have more urgent needs than a stupid wall
News flash: the middle class will be getting a tax cut too.
manuchin said extra money, the corps will use to create more jobs..yeah right it will go back 2 shareholders.
What's it like being a pessimist? Why don't you wait and see before finding a negative?
not negative, realist and now is the time to get your voice heard since the middle class was not put 1st.
who make less than $75,000 would pay 12%, Americans with earnings between $75,000-$225,000 would pay 25% and workers (1/2)
I think it's safe 2 say on average most peeps in 1st section. I 2 am in 2nd class and have no issue w 25 %.
He's using taxpayer money to make his family rich and pay off his Russian Mafia#Lockhimup

the wall that has been approved for a decade is not an outstanding issue?
Stand firm until we get #Single Payer, #MerrickGarland, and #Impeachment. Nothing less will do.
Once we retake the legislature, it's time to change the rules to "repeal & replace" Gorsuch & put in #MerrickGarland.
Amen, Brother.

suck it
So now the deal should be: If Trump resigns, leaves country & takes family/cabinet with him, we will not shut down the government.
Thanks
its not a free country anymore when socialist dictate what policy's are law
Chuck, we want the wall but thanks for showing again you don't care what Americans want. #youretrash #cryingchuck
Trump is W-A-Y smarter than you! He knows when to back off. You, on the other hand, don't want to deal U & your kind just want to OBSTRUCT!
Yea serious issues like Obama and Clinton sending terrorists money and weapons
The wall is the most important and ONLY issue
Funny you voted for the wall in 2006. As your NY constituent I disagree with you. I SUPPORT @POTUS ON THE WALL! Fund it!!!
But what about this????????
Your a sorry state of a politician.  You and your ilk care nothing about this country or its people
build the wall
Thank you for standing strong! #resist
Lets take back majority in State Legislatures, Govs, Congress. I see a path before 2020. Lets talk.
In 2006 you voted for a border wall what happened
He's got world war three on his mine now.I'll never forget him saying while campaigning saying"I love wars"He's one scary person.
Why the hell hasnt FBI acted? Are they waiting till Trump has us in nuclear war?
it just goes to show Us that you value money more the the safety of our citizens your a real winner chucky
Cursing is not a platform. Fix the DNC or we are screwed in 2018.
Sober up, Two Buck Chuck - the wall will be built. And you will be indicted! @realDonaldTrump Bring court to Sessions! #pizzagate
How many times has he reversed that position in the last two days?
I don't think that is what he said... Fantasizing again?
Another scam from 45 ( faker and bluffer) to his supporters .. which he cannot fulfill.
BUILD THE WALL!!!
Your new slogan should be "Make America Weak Again". If Pelosi already has it trademarked, you can go with "Democrats: No morals needed"
And tell him to leave Canada alone. Stop blaming the whole eff...world for his lack of competence and progressive solutions
Totally agree! It's like he's so full of hate, he has to look for it.
I know you're getting open and forget the stuff you say, but you did vote for the wall in 2006. Now with an increased threat you're against
We have to keep out M13.  Even if the wall costs $25 billion, that's less than 2 billion per M.
well at least he is willing to work to make it better for the people
Really -  How does it feel to be wrong, wrong, wrong??????
job, job, jobs :-) my plan hires 13.1m for twenty years :-) plus jobs for nrg-conserve the south :)
Schumer is so happy blacks have been sacrificed one more time
there is an a thing in the world he can do to ever to get you to negotiate anything you're a lame duck
Screw you for allowing drug and child trafficking and gang members at our southern border. No sigh of relief here.
Don't trust him.
ISN'T "taking the wall off the table"..could reword this, Schumer  Everyone refer to @POTUS tweets..probably already have. #MAGA #Hannity
Not good for the US Chuckie.  Now I'm pissed at DJT for backing down.  Shut down the govt until you come to your senses.
What about Israel's wall?
What is he holding back? Did he withhold information? This looks like a slight of hand. More con games don't be fooled 
#TheResistance
Okay Chuckie Boy. See if you can act like a leader and bring you dems in line for the good of the country as well. Approve the budget.
I'm sure he'll replace it with another controversial item!
I hope you are ready for a lawsuit when you prevent the safety of the American people you are a louse
Despite the millions and millions of American who want it huh......
Mr Schumer. It's to bad Dems don't want to protect families on our southern border. Shouldn't even be an issue. Get to work.
Shame on you, Schumer. trump deserves no credit. Totally disgusted with you.
BUILD THE WALL NOW NOT LATER!!!
Bad deal. I would have insisted we have a deal before I took it off.  Everything but the wall. Then we'll see.
Wasn't monies already approved for a border wall the last go round on illegals? You can stonewall all you want but it's going to be done!
Ya, like
#Trumprussia 
Hurry up already before he starts a war you can't finish..
We can concentrate on #Trumprussia and fight him and his mob in lining their pockets.
#shade 
Really? Cuz he was politically castrated so now, everything is Canada's fault. Seriously.. There's something not right.
Trump now thinking Senator Schumer called his work "outstanding"
Good for the United States, or good for us, the democrats? Pretty sure I know the correct answer....
Just cause it's off doesn't mean it won't be added again later
How about a single payer healthcare and make him show his taxes?
They can use my taxes to pay for a wall as long as it's around mar-a-lago
BUBBLE BOTH BORDERS. Cheaper and more secure.
Build the dam Wall!
Chuck, why don't you just step aside and let a real Progressive take over? It's time for a #NewDemocraticParty that never caves in. #Resist
FIX OBAMACARE
Lies right here. It's not off the table. Go sell crazy somewhere else.
Tell that to all Americans that live on the border
He's not taking it off the table...man are you naive...
Chucky are u as concerned about the other 99% of spending? 
Border Wall Request Equals 0.035% of Federal Spending
... live how the average joe lives. Cut your pay and you cover your pension and health care. $$$$ saved ur a joke
cut entitlement programs. Hiring freeze and pay freeze for all government employees. No more pension or benefits........
Yes! Like impeachment!
You did vote yes on the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (Pub.L. 109–367)
We want to #BuildTheWall That's why @realDonaldTrump won. The majority of Americans want the wall. It is a priority for the country & voters
Build the wall you promised 30 years ago when I was still a democrat
Like milk and lumber right? Not Russia and North Korea, pick a fight with us Canadians.
As usual Schumer leaves out the rest of the report.  Its not off the table its put off so the gov doesnt shut down.
We need to impeach Donald Trump asap! He and his family are enriching themselves at the countries expense!
Election reform will create the virtual wall for us. Taking illegals out of the voting equation creates a fair and balanced government.
Did you vote for the wall in 2006? If so why if you don't want to pay for it. Hmm
We still get the wall
POTUS wants 2 protect us from criminal illegals & MS13 gang like found in NY. U protect criminal legal from citizens by sanctuary cities
No wall paid for by tax payers!!
Thanks for not caring about border security.
Pezzo di merda! Non sarai mai sepolto al monte degli Ulivi!
Why is this good when THIS is why we elected him?  Stop being an obstructionist.  Your brand of politics is old news. @realDonaldTrump
You need to resign
Because the wall will stop illegal immigrants and most of them and their relatives vote democratic, right Chucky Chuck?
How about the Russia investigation? We need the truth.
yeah, but we don't work with #fascists ... you have to do more than your doing to stop the death of the #ruleOfLaw
Way to hang tight!
The wall will get built have no doubt U asinine illegal immigrants 1st POS 
You are not telling the truth again, find a new job Chuck, 
#buildtheWall #buildtheWall #wewantIt #weVotedForIt #stophandouts to #nonAmericans
no he isn't
You people better find a leader now for your party or your screwed. Dems are out of touch with working class whites.
Even he came to see his blackmail would be suicide
Wall will be built Dems fighting @POTUS  WILL NOT GET DEMS BLUE WALL BACK  
Border rancher: Illegal crossings down 90% since Trump became president  @POTUS http://www.theamericanmirror.com/border-rancher-illegal-crossings-90-since-trump-became-president/ …  NO MORE ILLEGAL (D) VOTERS
Thank you for allowing the heroin trade to progress unhindered.
Chuck Schumer in nothing but an anti American dirtbag
Please don't trust the Republican party and Trump and Trump administration. Republicans/Trump only care about the rich and corporations.
Didn't you vote YES for the wall in '06?
BS chuckles
Keep on dreaming chuck down with communism and up with America 1st. You are losing and we are winning. GO President TRUMP. Try using TEARS
dont put your cart before the horse Chuckles
There is already a border wall so why is it such a prob to extend & improve?Who paid for that?Get on board&help Country
Like #Trumprussia & showing his fucking taxes @realDonaldTrump is an embarrassment
The wall is the biggest outstanding issue.  U wanted to pacify Americans with Secure Fence Act but not in favor of a legitimate structure?
It's the crooked, hypocritical actions of Congress that have brought us 2 this point.  U can't B trusted!  We voted 4 Trump & wall, not U
Do U not remember being in favor of the Secure Fence Act?  Now when the world is far more dangerous & problem more costly, U deny funding?
Senator Schumer, U can screw the kids around, but I remember when you were in favor of the Secure Fence Act? Congress took & spent tax$ 4 it
Nobody is taking the wall off the table exceppt the Dems.  The wall is a taxpayer demand, not negotiable!  Your salary will go B 4 the wall.
Your progressive liberal socialist ideology doesn't work!!! You issues are not America's issues
FOCUS! It's about a TRAITOR! Need DAILY DEMANDS FOR #independentProsecutor #Trumprussia #DemsFOCUS #Resist
We WANT THE WALL & you need to listen to what WE (legal CITIZENS) want! Stop the theatrics & be part of the solution or get out of the way.
Epic incompetence embarrassing to US America is the laughing stock in the World diminishing our image daily
I agree,  been saying that the last 8 years.  O, wait Obama's not prez anymore
Buried in the sand
And issues U have personally blocked that should have been normal  "Let's get this done" issues .
WHY ISN'T BURR DOING HIS JOB ON SENATE INTEL COMMITTEE?  WHY IS HE ALLOWED TO HOLD EVERYTHING UP?  WE NEED INDEPENDENT COMMISSION
I know you voted for the wall in 2006.
.@SenSchumer @POTUS any extra funding for current abusive immigration enforcement system should also be off the table.
As well as the 254 billion we pay for illegals yearly as well,and the trillions we spend in terrorist heaven,then build the fucking wall
NO!  NOT good for the US! BUILD THE DAMNED WALL, STOP ILLEGAL IMMIGRAION, WE CAN'T AFFORD  TO SUPPORT THE WORLD!
Keep the focus on the massive tax cuts reveal Wednesday No way in hell does the 1% need a tax cut now
DeVos and her "no such thing as a free lunch" has never missed a meal.  Many children have.  Focus on children! #ItTakesAVillage
Good, we don't need a damn wall!  We need to put more into education, feeding children, nurturing them as they are our future.
Chuck, The wall should not even be on any table. That is not a win. I'd love to see Trump shut down the gov. over that disastrous wall.
What about other options to pay for it like getting rid of corporate tax loopholes.
So many thanks, Senator Schumer.  
No it's not good at all! Our borders and citizens need to be protected.  Not your job
Your way or the highway, typical liberal intolerance! You know, the wall passed over 10 yrs ago, still hasn't been built. We're waiting!
No, Chuck, it is only good for your party, as you get to continue to grow your dependent voting block, it sucks for the tax payer.
Build that wall!!
It would be better if you put this traitor criminal in prison. I'm not interested in seeing gov negotiations with traitor and terrorist @GOP
How about u stand up and negotiate a special prosecutor to investigate Russian interference in our election?
they have been investigating for months and so far nothing .
Hey Chuck. HOW ABOUT SCREAMING FOR AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION INTO RUSSIA-TRUMP COLLUSION???!!!!!
do you think anybody believes what you just wrote it's a weird childish attempt to anger his supporters
Hey Chuck - you know what else would be good US... investigations on Trump. Have U seen State Dept & US embassy pages promoting his property
