Congress should #ExtendCHIP funding now. Kids are counting on them. 
Republicans aren't acting like the Pro-lifers they confess to be cutting CHIP permanentlynot wanting to help babies children live ODD
Exactly they care less for the living after birth die quickly
Hurry up
@cynthiar1160
@SenSchumer @SenateFinance -  Does this mean they will extend chip or is it just a recommendation?
Sounds like it needs a vote first
Understand that, but not sure where this falls in the process of creating a bill. Does it force bipartisan participation?
Wish I knew the answer to that
Thanksgiving!  Decency came thru the smelly Congress smog. Now: Special Forces & other American soldiers are being killed in Iraq & Niger.
Did they agree to cut Medicaid?!?!
ELAINE CHAO, CARSON, DE VOS, GOLDMAN SACHS, MCCONNELL RYAN GOP, REPUBLICANS ALL CONGRESS THIEVES.
Thank you Senator!  We know this is all an uphill battle and so appreciate your voice in trying times under this administration.
I won't breathe well til we have a dollar commitment for CHIP.
The Repubs lied to his base....uh oh. Thank you Senator Schumer!
IMPEACH INCARCERATE TRUMPS, JARED, FLYNN, SON, BANNON, GUILIANI, CHRISTY, GINSBERG, SESSIONS, PRICE, MCNICHIN,
Yes!! Yes!! 9 million times YES!!!
Thank you for fighting for children, especially when the GOP fails to do so.
Chuck No one gives a f,,,k no one cares what you say New York hates you this is your last term
Senator, please support #singlepayer so we stop wasting time/money creating artificial payments based on age income and disability.
Great job! Keep pushing McConnell to put it to vote.
Thank you.

RT if you think

#TrumpIsAMoron
Let's get to it @SenateMajLdr !!
I'm sure the 84.5K kids covered by Kentucky CHIP program & their families sure would appreciate it.
And the 9 million that you let lapse on Sunday will be very happy as well
Thank you!!!!
Thank you for standing for kids.
So now the only thing that motivates them is shame? Even the most humane & decent issues require us mobilizing and forcing their hand.
Put it for a vote Now @SenMajLdr Do you job.
More to lose than just a few dollars. Those few dollars are an investment in America's Future
http://StopTheCut.org 
Thank god.
MCCONNELL RYAN ALL REPUBLICANS MOST DEMOCRATS R TRAITORS THIEVES PRISON FOR ALL.
THANK YOU @JerryBrownGov 
#CHIP
will this happen is the big question
Chuck Schemer tells Trump to go after swamp. Funny. Schumer and Pelosi big part of swamp. They are very manipulative and corrupt. Stop them
This is GOOD, NEEDED, BIPART, & COMPASSIONATE-keep up work to completion. Yes, .@GOP voting NO, on this NO-brainer, should be FIRED in 2018.
Yes yes yes. I was praying you guys would do your come through on the job you promised to do
Chuckles so irrelevant
what taxes are going to be used for this so kids get healthcare.Parents low income get it for free middle class pays 3,000 a month premiums
Thank you so much - the children shouldn't suffer bc McConnell & cronies don't want it. We know what you are doing ~we know!
Thank you @SenSchumer. It’s incomprehensible this is even up for debate to be cut.
Thank you @SenSchumer & @SenateFinance! 9M American kids appreciate this bipartisan legislation to #ExtendCHIP!
GOP: "well if those kids want health insurance they should get a job"
Now we have to be certain they aren't exposed to semi automatics that can be used to fire 600 rounds a minute. Not small bullets.
Thank you.

Didn't obama care cover that? If no, why not? After all it was the best thing since sliced bread.
when do we all get the same insurance as you chuckie??
Are they cutting Medicaid to get this?
So...are medicare premiums going up again. Yes chips needs to be reinstated but read premiums would go up again
Chip was never on the chopping block! And you are just covering another one of your lies!
This they could tout as a win.
Which I'm fine with.
Helping American kids should never be a partisan issue.
Yes! Thank you, Sen. Schumer
Thank you Mr. Schumer!! Democrats cleaning up again!! . We love you all!! Proud demos who are out to help the world!! .
@hospitals4kids  WHAT DID DEMS HAVE TO GIVE UP FOR THIS
I hope this will be restored. I was DISGUSTED to hear that @gop wants to cut it. Thank you for your help and for being a true patriot!
Do you job @SenateMajLdr 9 million children are waiting .....
No partisan? I know that came of your mouth, but you never bend for anything. Except George Soros ass
But not the illegals?
Oh have they??
Thanks for your hard work on this. Yes, @SenateMajLdr needs to do some good for a change, instead of just stealing our democracy from us.
Thank you for continuing to work for the people while 45 & the Guns Over People party try to destroy it everyday.
Why doesn't chip get covered at the state level? And get the waistful fed gov out of it.
Because States screw their citizens over. Corruption at State level is exponentially worse then at Federal level.
Why do Republicans hate Americans so much?
Becausse they prefer money more.
And you had people worried. Foolishness on your part.
Nope
Absolutely! How could either political party justify taking healthcare away from children? It's cruel &socially &financially irresponsible.
@POTUS @larryelder @HouseDemocrats Let's do everything that you say! Your the poster child for bipartisanship! #windbag
@SenSchumer  Was it a clean seperate bill?
Thank you!
Thank you Chuck! Innocent children shouldn't have to suffer
Thank you
Shouldn't those kids count on their parents Their parents brought them into the world & have a responsibility to care for them not taxpayers
But I thought you were concerned about the deficit
We need to continue to provide ,100% of the time , healthcare coverage for ALL children. They should not be caught up in this fray.
If u can get that done...a miracle. But McConnell has his own agenda that rarely includes support of Americans.
It should have never gotten to this. Congress needs to re-examine tots priorities. There are some things that should be automatic.
GOP too busy fighting for terminal fetuses to be born, only to deny them healthcare & make them suffer when breathing air
Without fail.
@senatemajLdr should get surgery to undo his tortoise-like appearance first. The important things.
Thank you.
