There needs to be an independent committee to continue the investigation of Trump and Russia!! @SenSanders @SenWarren @JebBush @SenSchumer
They all said there was no collusion After 11 months they found nothing Comey was a terrible FBI director
Get it right there's still an ongoing investigation comey was fired because he's getting too close to finding out about Trump
He's not stupid If anything Comey has nothing on him and that's why he can fire him
He is pretty stupid. For example Andrew Jackson and the civil war and how he even handled firing Comey
Another misrepresented comment by a liberal. Your bible must be "rules for radicals".
Proud to be a liberal and not under a dictator that's a lying murderer like putin
I am proud to be a conservative and not under a dictator named Obama.
Weren't you just complaining about Comey hurting Hillary the other day? FAIL hahaha!
Methinks ol' Chucky's panicking... b/c he's in collusion with Russia AND #PizzaGate   he has NO safety net this time!
Trey Gowdy next
Love the idea, BUT Gowdy's good at where he is... he's a real pitbull and drives hard with his questions in senate hearings.
Thats why i think he'll be good as FBI
Trey Gowdy next
Are you congressman taken money from Putin are really worried now ?
FOXNews may be worried also
Shut ubout it already.
1st you want him fired then you don't? Can't have it both ways Chuck! Sounds like u want him fired but only if it benefits Dems! pathetic
. The bigger question is why didn't Obama fire him? No stones? You all were howling he cost you Hillary's Crown. Hypocrite
All Dems were screaming for Comey' s firing u r singing a different tune now.we can b sure that he'd have been gone if HRC won.DEMS r fakes
You're a hack and I await your resignation and return to obsolescence
Trump has followed the Constitution. You sir, seek to undermine it with political hack demagogue regularity.
Chucky has zero credibility....
What hypocritical thing will you say today?
BUT YOU WANTED HIM FIRED.
You are a joke...you wanted his head last year now you love him hahaha
The real investigation should be Hillary, Rice for their acts of treasons, we need to get thses two bitches in jail
COMMUNIST DEMOCRATS have to grow up, all Congress is mudding the water with their bull shit. Stop i
You're a hypocrite you an Harry Reid both called for Comey to be dismissed
To many investigations, stop House, Senate, and have FBI take over. Congress has no idea what they are doing.
U asked why fired him now, not b4? DoJ wud hv recommended it much earlier had Yr party not tactically delayed confirm of SenSessions as AG.
I'm confused, didn't Dems and MSM push for Comey to be fired for interfering in election, now that he is you're all outraged. What the heck?
Schumer needs no help from @realDonaldTrump He is doing all by himself! America, this is your leadership looking out for your best interest!
Special prosector is ONLY for someone that's already been charged! Not ALL Americans will suspect a cover up. Only robots. Educate yourself.
we don't care, your weak and people know your weak.
You, Pelosi & other DIMs have been screaming for Comey to be fired since November http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/chuck-schumer-james-comey_us_581a6527e4b0c43e6c1de4a2 …
Thank god he finally got fired. He should have nailed the Clintons.
Hope your next Chucky Playing politics again for your own agenda and NOT for the American ppl Time to hand in your resignation #FakeAmerican
stating how you wanted him fired? that he had no credibility? or will you be creating the James Bond espionage scenario no one believes.
explain why it was alright to fire him last month but not now. Investigation does not stop with one person.
Back in November you said you " lost all confidence in Comey".....what a freaking hypocrite.
U must be really upset that Pres Trump didn't consult U.Cry me a river Chucky.U are the "Dictionary" word today-"Sophist".Yup,it's U-Chucky!

FLASHBACK: Podesta, Schumer and Pelosi attack former FBI Director Comey. Now they think there is wide spread corruption. 
Thanks Chuck! You are showing why we don't need Dems.

You approved an Obumma appointee 2 weeks ago that recommended firing Comey. The swamp has begun to drain and we're sure you're on the list 2
Senator, you wanted him gone.  You said it yourself.  You just don't like that the Pres did it.  bitter much?
Exciting news.  Democrats supported firing Comey and now he changed his mind.
Nah!! Not going to watch you. You and Pelosi are both nuts!!
I did. I have a box of Kleenex for you on standby. Let me know if you need some.
Ridiculous! Which time were you talking out both sides of your mouth? When you wanted Comey's head, or now? Make up your mind!
Poor Chuckie! #ComeyFiring
Who did you pay to get your job? You're so suspicious, what are you hiding? A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
Didn't see any crocodile tears Chuckie...guess you aren't actually as upset as you want people to believe....hypocrite...!
Did you cry Schumer? Lol
Tears 4 Fears Schumer has no confidence in Comey but believes he should keep his job
Why don't you just shut up! @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
Your are speaking out of both sides of your mouth
Your story changes with the wind.  Start working for the people of ny and stop trying to undermine our president
Great speech Senator! Americans are counting on your voice!
WTH is wrong with you?  You scream too get rid of Comey now you're whining because he is gone. See a DR, get yourself some help. If possible
@SenSchumer w/ all due respect if Rosenstein's picking the independent prosecutor? I don't trust his pick
Already know you're outraged even though you wanted him fired

What a slow study and sad puppy you are. No wonder American ppl voted for GOP house senate and Whitehouse.
Why now? Call Rosenstein. The Obama appointed, non-partisan Deputy AG (approved by the Senate 94 to 6) recommended firing Comey to POTUS!
What's there to talk about Chuck? No Russian connection and you wanted him gone last year! Give @POTUS credit for doing what Obama wouldn't!
Shameful that U would claim the @POTUS will fire next #FBIDirector 4 investigating Russian collusion
U R not presenting yourself as a leader
I am not sure what is troubling abt firing ppl especially in these positions 4 refusing to faithfully carry out the duties appointed 2 them
Did you think America would forget you guys were wanting Comey's head back in November? Did you forget? Maybe it's time to step down.
Chuck gets like this around the same time every month
lol, Butt hurt are we chucky?
Perhaps if you start crying, people will believe what you say.....we'll, not me, but foolish people.....good luck!
Just stop playing Mr. Opposite for a minute Chuck. Trust me, your stress level will go down and you won't feel so emotional.  Now go reflect
Remember this?
You thought he should be fired last year, but now it's a bad thing?! You're screwed in the head. Read Rosenstein's letter.
ask rosenstein. Wake up chuck.
Interesting your man @realDonaldTrump called you a big cry baby.
Don't you have legislating to do? Why don't you get to work & stop wasting taxpayer money? You can whine in the mirror at home.
You are totally Bias!
Another dual Israeli Nazi traitor but the voters are dumb and dumber from Zio J media and public edjewcation
God bless you senator! Thanks for trying to keep America strong safe and free!
You have warned President Trump twice about crossing the Intelligence community.Are you afraid the FBI could abuse its Power?
Resign chuck
Oh how the People wish you could go with him

how does a hypocrite such as yourself look yourself in the mirror everyday?  you called for Comey to be fired and now that is is done....
The citizens of NY deserve better. You don't walk in the footsteps of the statesmen who preceeded you, and your horizons are inadequate.
Senator you are not worthy of the Office you hold. Contemplate your public remarks in the past day. You are incapable of reasoned thought.
Drain the swamp! Get rid of all who covered up for Hillary Clinton. Did u Dems in Congress help cover it up too?
Just so I'm sure Chuck, your position Is that as long at @POTUS is being investigated, its okay to lie to Congress and the American people?
Hopefully this firing sends a message to corrupt politicians like Schumer that after eight years, we now have a leader.
Why would anyone want to watch what a hat filled, lying politician like you has to say?
Saw ur talk. You r the wrst of hypocrites.  First you state you have lost confidence in Comey then you complain when he's canned
Oh, and to answer ur question on timing, Rosenstein was JUST put into place two weeks ago, and just brought his report today.There is timing
You will find something wrong no matter what Trump does, even if that means covering truth, it's disgusting. I wish he could fire YOU! /3
..Comey go and he responded. First U complain Trump waits 18 days after getting Flynn's report, now he moves immediately and U complain../2
I just wish once, JUST ONCE, you wouldn't try to lie to naïve Americans. He got a report from nonpartisan asst AG suggesting letting /1
I was so disappointed-not one tear  or a sniffle- come on Chuckie, you can muster up at least one sniffle!
Didn't you publicly say he needed to be fired? Another 2-faced lie!
A must watch video! Sen Schumer please put video together how many times 45 praised the director before firing him?
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
Run to those cameras Schumer! Push your lies and false Narratives! You just confirmed the Deputy that reviewed Comey 8 days ago
CHUCK!stop wasting tax payer $$ & shut up & RESIGN! Ur next with ur own  Russia collusion! #deepstate #draintheswamp #saulalinaky
You wanted him fired for re-opening the Hillary  investigation now you don't . You Democrats flip-flop way too much.
Liberal intelligence is an oxymoron.
It may take some time but you will learn

Sorry I didn't watch I've seen too many of your fake tears now to want to see anymore. But when are you going to say something of relevance?
Oh all the nation is waiting for Chucky to flap his gums again!
Family Guy is on, too bad Crybaby.
Timing?  Dep AG Rosenstein needed to have been seated.  GTFOI!  Comey was damaged goods.
Hypocrite. You hated him in October!
You're a fuckn hack.
Sen Schumer, First you want Comey fired then u don't.  It was long over due and we all knew it.
Would never watch you, criminal Schumer.
Maybe there are things that @POTUS & the Atty Gen are cleared to know that you don't Chucky. Come on!
U complained everyday when he wasn't fired and are questioning why now?
Chuck wanted Comey fired in October after he came out reopening Clinton email investigation , so why so upset now.
Obama's man wrote the letter telling Trump Comey needed to go.  Tell the truth once in your life.
hypocritical much chuckie? Just in November, you said....and I quote what you said about James Comey.
I do not have confidence in him any longer. To restore my faith, I am going to have to sit down and talk to him...
and get an explanation for why he did this" Sound familiar chuckie?
Remember when you said Comey needs to go ?  Short memory or just out of control hypocrisy ?
In Nov 2016 you said "I do not have confidence in him any longer. You sir are a damned hypocrite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He should have been fired a long time ago. U are such a joke. Stick to one side of the fence-u can't have it both ways.
Hey Chuckie, nobody wants to hear you speak at all... u r a 
You are one of the biggest hypocrites in office..you were calling for his resignation back before the election.
You've known Trump forever and you know this is a political shit show you're putting on. Stop crying.
Do you have your resume ready chucky?
Blah blah blah wish you were that easy to fire or at least be muted
Very good. We need an independent investigation so bad now that this last firing of Comey took place. Looks like a coverup of the collusion.
please dont cry Vhuckles.
Make sure u remind everybody that u hated Comey when he came out against HRC. Now u feel for him? Liberal hypocrisy. U Sir are a hypocrite.
6 months ago u lost credibility in #JamesComey last week had total support for deputy AG Rodenstein now ur walking it back #FlipFlop
Of course on C-span. a very left organization. You scared to go on FOX where you may be called out?

Please do America a favor and RESIGN!
YOU are the most divisive pot -stirring senator I have ever seen. We have much bigger fish to fry and you are worrying about WHAT??
You might want to fire your acting coach...your performance was  somewhat comical and yet at the same time, pathetic.  Confusing for viewers

Liberals demanded Obama fire Comey before leaving the White House. He didn't. Now that Trump has, they're outraged. Exhausting. Typical
I think everyone can agree on this one Comey was incompetent he had to go even Hillary blame Comey
You wanted him gone
The FBI career agents are doing the investigation and it will continue.
The ppl of NY should fire you

Did you mention your previous statement? #liar
this horses ass was screaming that Trump should fire Comey-now he is saying how he cant believe he fired him - what a horses ass - hypoocit
We should also have a Special Prosecutor to investigate your extensive ties to donors and lobbyists
Sorry, I missed it.  Were there more Fake Tears?
https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-11-02/schumer-says-he-lost-confidence-in-fbi-s-comey-over-e-mail-probe …
Thank you for standing up for the People of the United States. #DemandIndependentInvestigation
Trump gave Comey ENOUGH time to COME CLEAN and take responsibility for his lies.  When that didn't happen, COMEY got fired.
Will anything make you happy? Your precious doll lost the election. Deal with it snowflake.
