This #FNS: Chris sits down with Senate Minority Leader @SenSchumer (D-NY). 
Low hang fruit  chick pres hasn't mention tornado victim in Texas double check I think they vote for him
You have convience memory. ACA pushed thru w/o republican input by Democrats. Now you complain your being left out. Stop jawboning & help
Well if he's anything like Amy what do you expect....
U lied Trumps plan dies not illuminate Home mortgage interest deduction. That's a lie
It's not over till it's over !
I think he's Ron Popeille's evil twin! Compare Schumer's voice  to Ron selling a pocket fisherman or spray on hair. Uncannily similar.

Chuck Schumer's First 117 Days.  History will remember Schumer for reshaping the Supreme Court for decades to come  http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2017/04/28/the_first_117_days_of_chuck_schumer_133733.html …
Chuck the clown king of the swamp
That photoshop is amazing. Did you do it?
U tweeting to the wind! Dems got no power!! Falallalal!!
The Dems FUCK THE WORKING AMERICANS HEALTH INS & CARE. WE KNOW EXACTLY WHO IS GUILTY OF KILLING MILLIONS OF AMERICAN! The NAME IS OBAMACARE!
What has he done for upstate New York? we have lost most of our manufacturing, we have infrastructure issues and  have high taxes & welfare
Need,poverty feeds the left and its political survivor
Hate and envy moves you should work x a livin,get out of the swamp
Going to talk about your fake tears award? or your divisive policies, or anger from the destructive party
Dems=Anti-American
Dry eyes to the rescue!
You don't want tax reform cause more people will go to work and you will lose votes because of people  getting off welfare ...
Stop watching hate AMERICA demo-rats long ego
.The American people have a right to know whether you believe in Sharia law in the US
.Do you really think that would have stopped Hussein or the DemoRATS
shit show schumer
CRIS IS A FAKE CONSERVATIVE WHO PUSHES SKEPTICISM & DOUBT OF REPUBLICAN AGENDA & BOWS TO LIBERALS WITH SOFT BALLS.
He's actually a registered democrat.
Dems still want 2 steal more of our $ to continue giving it 2 refugees, sluts, illegal immigrants, & parasites 4 votes! Dems r Thieves!
Hey chuck! If OCare is so great, why would you even accommodate Trump by changing it at all? You want to "improve" it? #RepealAndReplace
Very sad to listen to your talking points, they are so old that to listen to you is boring.
You are the absolute worst oh no I forgot about Pepsi well second isn't so bad.
Why would anyone tune in your nonsense! You're garbage!
boring, and it will be mis-leading as you don't care about we the people
I'll pass. #MAGA
Bahahaha --- No broken promises to me.  Its all in the plan.
The resistance you and the Dems are showing is a disgrace. And the lack of respect for OUR POTUS
Funny it was great when Obama pushed his agenda through like a DICTATOR but u say Trump needs to deal !! U aren't doing what  voters want!!
The people at Fox are not stupid. Can't image why they support Trump.
You sure don't mind making an ass of yourself do ya Chuck! HA!
Great interview! As usual, you were well informed on the issues and spoke up for most Americans
#impeachTrumpnow #Trumprussia
Blah blah blah
Are you going to juggle some balls? Maybe honk your nose a few times? How about doing a dance that Bozo did from time to time? @TheDemocrats
Sen. Schumer,  with ALL due respect,  continue to ATTACK our President,  and then YOU will continue to be subject to 1000X the same.  Fair?
Your statements to Chris Wallace were either plain Democratic Lies, or simple lies. Please prepare by reviewing FACTS (Press. tax plan)

Really big nose! Stop the lies
Nope not watching the  crying lol
Unwatchable. When you were challenged, you lost your composure. What is up with that?
You lied the entire time! Be an honest JFK Democrat and stop the insanity that is the Democratic party.
You are leading the Dems to Doom. No doubt. Wasting tax payers money. Retire Please.
You supported the wall in the past. Now it is a bad idea?
 Hypocrite.
What a joke!
@realDonaldTrump Chuck, Democrats criticize. No solutions/action. Attract Crime. Democrat Leaders vs. present Cabinet-No Contest. Learn fast
Chris Wallace the suck up. Dufus
Chris Wallace handed it to you!!!!
New Yorkers, both upstate & downstate, live with a 11.7%  tax burden in 2016. You seem pretty concerned about the Fed. How about our state?
He is not concerned about the state he is supposed to represent. Nor does he represent OUR voices. Just keep raising taxes for their agenda
@FoxNewsSunday @chuckschumer Senator would you please quit saying what I a middle class citizen wants and thinks, U have no idea
So we can listen to your lies while Wallace lets you  Yet beats up on the R. @FoxNews viewers are not stupid
@FoxNewsSunday @chuckschumer what an awful interview.  And stop licking your lips.  You're an embarrassment to your party.
There is a reason your party is shrinking #swamp #doomed
You, Pocahontas, Dingbats Pelosi, Waters & Anarchist Perez are leading the Democratic Party to doom! But I could care less - Go for it! 
@FoxNewsSunday Heard Chucky with Chris Wallace,what a habitual  LIAR and yes Chris,Chucky is making Democrats look like fools. He's pathetic
You lied through your teeth during the interview with Mike Wallace. Resist & divide doesn't work! U leading the Democrat party off a cliff.
Seriously!? You accuse @POTUS of name calling!? & u talking about the Swamp? YOU ARE THE SWAMP you  ! #termlimits
Sorry Schumer,  Obama ACA is not working , got to go . I would not replace. 
Democrats did this alone.
You are disrespectful.
Chuck Schumer is a radical left ! Full of negativity!
All Chuck Shumer screams about is to keep American people poor and the military weak !
Chuck is a punk not a leader
Frozen in time.
I can get hot air by just turning on the hair dryer
Repub. Ros-Lehtinen retires next year & won't seek reelection in FL district that is now moving toward Democrats. Dems! What's the plan?
U lied & said tax plan wouldn't benefit middle class&U lied @ mortgage interest deduct in the interview-Wallace called u on it
Glad I missed you. Can't stand to hear you speak!
#Upchuck #ChuckYou #FakeTearsChuck #ChuckHole
Well well.....
Really?
democrats shouldn't be getting a paycheck if they are only going to resist. you all are not working for the country
Sen schumer listened to you on m Wallace and you are full of  crap about working with pres trump
You are nothing more than an obstructionist.
my husband and I were born in 1966...we live in Oregon... we make about 55k.
we support tax proposal for upper-class/they invest!
Have you ever said anything good about anyone or anything Republican? Serious question.
the upper-class invest in our economy...not me and my husband, the lower-class.
tax proposal is good to me and mine.
he's one of of the most deliberate  destructive  , negative people I have heard...wish he would take his Sister Pelosi and leave the country
Agreed! Long overdue we are, to term limit the big fat oligarchs in the Houses, stifling progress. By instead looking out for themselves
would rather watch my faucet drip...
Dracula
What have you done for America in the last 100 days??? Open a Russian owned gas station lately??? DUMP CHUCK
You only want things your way   and that's the wrong way for America. Get real.
Didn't do it. Don't want to hear your obstructionist lies.
Two DEMOCRAP AHs. Love affair.
Fifth full week no apology for assaulting a woman. Your supporters should be proud! The man who calls women bitches and assaults in public.
I would PPV to see #TwoSchumersInAWoodChipper
And Schumer did nothing. He wants to tax us to death to empower our killers. The guy is a complete fraud
Thank you so much for continuing to show your ignorance, you are just as pathetic as Pelosi, Boxer, Feinstein, etc. all of you need help.
Wow trump made u look like a fool at his rally, oh wait....u are a fool
Go away, we don't want you. So take your crying somewhere else. You change to work w/ President Trump,he's our leader,not you!
Yet again U go out & prove why America is turning on the Dem party. So sad for the Dems! Just noticed that smile of yours looks like joker.
Great work on Fox News.

@NancyPelosi @POTUS @LouDobbs @Reuters  Politico reported re:Iran Nuclear deal that Obama lied to us regarding the specifics we're false y?
Start working with @POTUS or payment will be returned by the people. The swap will be drained eventually by the people. Our network is vast.
Pagliacci is in town. No thanks Chuck. #TermLimits
Watched interview again more lies more obstruction. I will never vote Democrat local state or federal. You are bringing down the Democrats.
What a waste of airtime
Consider it an honor 2 get under dumb-dumb's skin it means u r a good leader & he is not
Why would you invite the obstructionist?
please resign now
It appears you might be some of the swamp @POTUS is trying to expose.
You make statements as though they are fact why don't you provide follow information where you get your facts?
As an inheritance for lower income , pay for education and pay medical or other bills
Especially since they haven't mentioned the capital Gaines tax for those under 150,000, that's how middle class get some money to pass on
The only way trump plan works is when the middle class gets disposable income . I'm not a fan of their estate tax plan
My proposal will help low income ,,those starting out, middle class, single parents, now your dems stole from vets and seniors,it will help
They didn't cover, if no new details, I'll give them a week otherwise , I'll send you my complaints and my tax proposal
Or an detailed explanation , I send you my complaints , I'm an accountant so I raised issues for the middle class, seniors, single moms
I saw you on fox , your right veto the current tax plan , this wasn't the plan trump ran on. I sent trump itemized complaint, if now change
Why?
I don't what world you live in Chucky.  Everything that comes out of your mouth is  and lies.  You and your party are losing BIG LEAGUE!!!
A real fake making fake news. Nothing of substance = fake news = Chuckie Schumer.
Dems have made zero proposals. They are like a dead fish laying on the bank. They never do anything.
Chucky has a smerk on his face when Chris Wallace ask him about the tax plan because he is answering untruthfully.Deflect and keep lying.
To see me lie thru my teeth on everything!!
Chuck stance on healthcare is an attempt to try to revive the failed Obamacare system. You didn't read it and it is a mess, get over it.
Great to see you still can't answer a question.
@FoxNewsSunday @chuckschumer Thanks Chris for reporting the News truthfully. Chickie we support @realDonaldTrump until were dead
Hypocrite.  All you're support is from Wall Street.
Watched you on @FoxNewsSunday & you are a LIAR- You have no CLUE what America wants & don't care!!  -#GradeForDems-F  #TRUMP-Deserves an A!!
Fakenews Chucky boy
You look foolish! A mimic MSM! if we take 60 seats 2018 your voice irrelevant!You've know @PoTUS long time!Lot common goals...get it done!
Work w u? What u mean is "Your way or the Highway!" U R just a Tax & Spend Obstructionist. Your party's policies are a disaster. #Losers
@SenSchumer Sacw clip of U on TV.  You had to read that brief comment!  Stupid is as stupid does.
On @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace, Schumer proved what we already knew, that he has no intention of working with @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
@SenSchumer Who provides your Tax advice?  H&R Block?
chuck the shmuck obstructionist......no ideas for your party other than .....trump bad...sad chucky
You are the rudest clown on TV .. stop the obstruction and get to work.  U Pelosi & Waters just fighting POTUS to campaign ! Do ur job !!
Unbelievable that you think people should be able to deduct your state income tax from your federal income tax.
He believes, shukmer, schootmer, whatever his name is believes in anything to bring down the USA & line his greedy pocket
U lied on @Fox.U said trumps tax plan illuminates mortgage interest deduction. That's false&a lie.plan doubles marriage deduction 12k to 25k
Must take either stan. or itemized deductions now, so your remarks on mortgage interest being taken away were stupid.
Just tuned in on west coast! Keep up the good work! We need your steadfast leadership to fight for US!
You're Leading the Democrats to Doom.
Ashamed to say I am from NY with a F***ing Anti-American like Schumer representing NY.  He could care less 4 American people.
Chris exposed you & your false accusations. POTUS thanks you for going on a real news network & letting us all see the slime you really are
You ARE leading your party to DOOM. I'm enjoying every minute of it! Please keep up that great work!! #MAGA
Schumer- it's your way or the highway! Democratic party is doomed-won't learn from elections!
