Why aren't we investigating Steve 
Bannon.    Conspiracy to commit treason.  Interfering in the voting process.
That would be tbe dems.
What a Stupid Comment, Illegal Immigrants cant afford to stay in Trump Hotels!!
If The @FBI @CIA & @NSA would worry more about protecting the USA & not trying to railroad the @POTUS Terrorist attacks might be stopped!
 bwahahaha  HA HA HA
illegal aliens are NOT immigrants.  do dems have cognitive disability?  Or do they just enjoy the perversion of allowing criminals to come into this country?  (and hint, everyone who enters illegally has committed a crime, unless they are dragged in against their will.)


I have to laugh at the ignorance of the #Repubtards

A BETTER DEAL=DONALD TRUMP
Worst deal in history of USA.

Senator, Trump 'bashing' does not accomplish anything. The country is deafened to this 'drumbeat'. Immigrants & Trump Hotels? Wasted words!
Words wasted on the ignorant, obviously.
Those who aren't working have better chances for employment and citizenship. Get that done first, maybe then wages will rise. Get on board!
Ha Ha Ha what a joke.
Or you when you need votes.
Come on Chuckles the Clown. Illegal is Illegal

I wonder if Melania would have passed the new standards being set for immigration into the U.S.
No porn stars and pole dancers are protected by the criminal syndicate. They always get a free pass. Just look one made it all the way to the White House now we have the first porn star @FLOTUS
@MarkWeinerDC And don't forget his Winery! #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia #ACA #HumanRights #ImpeachTrump
Well we find out who the the two love birds are afraid of.  Mitt Romney.
The schmuckster shares another of hisfabulous opinions.  Hopeless he is. Evil begets evil.
Trump is evil #Repubtard

Is Kellyanne in the back row?
POTUS made billions being very successful in business. Unlike you taking bribes and kickbacks. Why did you meet with Soros ?    MONEY.
His businesses fail & go into bankruptcy. So much so that he had to get Russian loans thru Ukrane banks. That is how the IRS will get him.
For sure you do not know how business works. Must be best friends with schumer. He doesn't have a clue also.
Ask @NancyPelosi who works her vineyards. Nonunion illegals you twit

You And all your colleagues in their 80's and 90's need to retire. America deserves better than Alzheimer's patients in Congress.
Yeah just look at what’s happening in the White House, when wealth and power buy the White House for some aging criminal buffoon, America’s has no credibility, no leadership and the rest of us are praying we don’t get nuked cause of the idiot in the White House
Yes, Trump feels he is above all of the rules... even the ones he makes. #Thugs
He's for the people. Havent seen that in a long time.
Why do you lie so much!  You Democrats want illegals to be in America so American workers will have no jos!
No; we want a pathway to citizenship for human beings with no status. #NotIllegal
#ThePeoplesPresident #Trump2020 #MAGA
Keep him & shut him up.
#ThePeoplesPresident #Trump2020 #MAGA!
Lost popular vote by millions.
You mean ILLEGAL immigration aka the future votes you won’t be receiving  Go cry your crocodile tears in an alligator’s intestines.
Why don't u ignominiously slither under a Rock and stay there Potz
And you want the ILLEGALS here for votes and to keep power in Congress.    Deport them all and do SOMETHING for Americans for once.
You miss spelled put America 1st
@SenSchumer W/all yr huffng & puffng U have gotten yrself confused; the self-interested narcissist UR Cing is yr own reflection in mirror
Now you care about the plight of Americans?  Oh, no.  You don't.  Misread that. Sorry.
Talk about something of substance.  We don't want to hear this   Do your job.
So unamerican of him!!!!!!!
SOUNDS THE SAME FOR BAD DRUGS - HRC - GOT $$ FROM THEM IS THIS WHY YOU WILL NOT FIX BAD DRUGS IN AMERICA -*FIX FDA & HAVE YOU HEALTHY USA !!
You're a nut
RAISE act is best plan ever
Time to take your meds! Chuckey
chuckle, how many hotels to you own ?  ever make money the old fashion way by earning it, not side deal kick backs. Oh your senate salary.
I love the idea of cutting immigration. Why didn't Obama think of it???
Yes i agree. And he wants to build a Mazda plant here creating more "American "http://jobs.how  about American products.
Create TALKING POINTS ON TRUMP'S DOUBLE STANDARDS WHEN HE TALKS ABOUT JOBS FOR AMERICANS!
this is really a stupid comment for a man in your position,  Your to old to be working. TRUMP 1920 FOR SURE AGAIN
H2B visas expire Sept. 30 Hotels need workers Oct-May. Disengenuous Schumer doesn't like to address the facts. Part of 'Better Way'
Misrepresentation

The MAJORITY of America wants to cut immigration. Its YOU and your fellow ASS-BANANAS that want to flood the land with "illegal" voters".
Power can be a most addictive thing. When it enslaves you there is little you can do about it, but bend over and say,'Thank you".
Hey genious, illegals come to the US cause they are poor as , what Trump Hotel can they afford to stay in.
more evidence of the incredibly stupid #Repubtard
Undocumented workers help build Trump Hotel in DC!  Hypocrisy in the making!
Is that all you have chuckie
Schumer, what are your comments based on? Gelousy? Hate? Revenge?
Acute observation; something you lack #Repubtard
That's a line of crap
So proud of our President Trump! Finally we have a true leadership! Law and order in the USA!
No we have a #CheapHustler 4 pres. & you don't have a clue.
Senator Schumer, I would like to thank you for your service and apologize for Steve  tirade.  SB is an angry man
Old story, get over it he won!
Do you believe that really?  Shame on you
You're more about illegals then American citizens for your own profit tell me one thing you've done for an American citizen that's middle cl
You're not dealing with it it's out-of-control we are Americans we don't deserve to go through that because you don't have to live through
They can create jobs here instead of having their stuff made China? No excuse for these cons.
Why is CMS spending so much training Doctor's from India ? Can we rather train our own more medical students ???
OR in you & your colleagues case, except when it benefits in the form of votes.
Why does this not surprise me...
Keep up the good work!
The importance, theory just how immigration works should be taught in schools.. Seriously lets teach the young to think.
@MarkWeinerDC I understand he picked up 70 employees with those VISAs. #POTUSHypocrite
And this is what you want ????
Canada has a very similar policy.  We need to fix our problems first before we keep letting in more ppl.  You simply want more dem voters.
If he paid a decent wage he would attract local workers.  Cheap 4 workers, greedy 4 himself!
So much for acting in the nation's best interest...
SCHMUCKELS THE CLOWN
Unskilled Americans would rather sit on their asses and draw welfare. You and your disgusting party are enablers and have created this. 
We learned that the day Turkey had a coup.
please resign now chuck
U represent NO workers U half the year off for vacation breaks, you should get 2 weeks at Christmas & 2 weeks in June U were hired 2 work
What planet do you live on.
You Need To Go!! You're a Poor Representative of NYS!! Running our state into the ground!!
If they are legal then whatever. If not let legal Americans work there that speak English. What a concept
Chuck no matter how much you lie, America knows the truth about you and the other scum in office ! America hates corruption You are Corrupt
Trump is trying to lift America up !The congress &senate are trying to keep America down !It time to  start impeaching  them !Their CORRUPT
I am sick of Dems I voted for Trump and he won ! What good is the vote if scum won't let the President do what he was elected to do ?
Senator Schumer, do you have any 'way forward ideas'? You & your Party will continue to lose without 'Articulated' solutions!
Lying, Crying Chuck
You are the classic clown, how did you get elected?  It should be inspiring to story to criminals.
Donald Trump wants to cut everything, except when it benefits his royal family.
Mr Schumer. You are wrong again. The President employs more immigrants then you have helped. Except their legal by our current system.
Prove it!
Healthcare & taxes ... proven!
Oh ya. Right. I think k this is another lie.
Oh of course he hired illegals so we could pay him $5 an hour and no health insurance
But he just asked for a waiver for Mira lago. He want d more immigrants to work there. He doesn't wan to pay a real wage. Hypocrite. Conned
Pea brain...
Cut illegal immigration which you seem to accept
Do Not let him do this.  He'll try using an executive order to get it through.
more nonsense as usual - no shame
He also doesn't  do the hardest job in the world for the money he does it for the love of the country. Just my opinion
Let's talk more about helping Americans not bashing folks
Or his supply of underage girls. Or his son in laws family business. Really, he doesn't give a shit about America, only himself.
MAGA
Schumer u suck
Is ANYONE surprised? Time to force the issue on emoluments violations and enforce rules. Just because they haven't needed to is no excuse.

Bit schoolboyish..nothing better..suggestion...try another xmas cracker
Chuck, the Democratic model of importing "new voters" is about to end.  You may want to actually work to make America better.
They do work; Trump does not.
Stuff it, Chuck!
And his son-in-law's family w/EB-5 Visas!
Chuck such a weak argument! Stand up for US citizens as much as you do for illegals and i will support you.
Yeah Chuck keep tearing down the Dem party that's all we need. Thanks for all your help
...President Trump also wants to cut immigration when it doesn't too...he also wants to protect our country...do you ?
Chuck when are you going to start doing something, why are you wasting your people time ?go to http://work.You  work for the people
H2B visas for seasonal work? I wonder how many of Trump's hotels are seasonal. I suspect not many.
Prove it Chuck.Retire Chuck.
@CraigCo62 @syracusedotcom If he does that how will he find his next wife after Melania leaves him?

Your source is corrupt.
#FuckChuck Everything goes back to Trump huh?You are going to lose your job as are most DEMs at the midterms.

Situational politics.
Mr. Schumer stay on track please stop telling the American people lies.To Obama and the Democratic Party your agenda is over stop crying.
Schumer wants to protect MS-13 thugs...although i'm not sure how he knows they will vote Democrat.
Your nose is growing Pinocchio.
Obama and Democrats forced millions to accept Obamacare and insurance rates went sky high!! Not to mention Congress didn't have to join!!
negative hearts, in spades!
Lyin' Cryin Chuck Lyin' again. #sad
This is disgusting Chuck even from you! Stop insulting our intelligence that's not the truth at all. Stop your lies!
WOW, DO YOU WAKE UP EACH DAY AND DREAM UP A NEW FIB TO TELL
Such an ignorant childish statement. You never learn Chucky.
Leave it to selfish 45
And the people who mow your grass.
OMG!!! Are you serious.  Keep stopping lower and lower with these ridiculous idiotic comments! Pathetic
Just stop it !
Chucky, your retoric sounds like school yard little boy talk, grow up!
You are such a liar when it comes to facts I can't wait until you no longer on TV or in our government! Trump is success in spite of you!LOL
ALL politicians are so two-faced, lying, crooks.  And I do mean all - DEMS - REPUBS AND INDEPENDENTS.
And this was all about green card holders not temporary migrant workers which I'm sure crying Chuck also has at his home
WTF are you babbling about now .. this was introduced by 2 senators; backed by POTUS.  What happened to working together??
Please Chuckie! There is no threat to legal immigration only to illegal immigration. Dont be a fear monger!
Can't you keep green cards and gest workers straight.
TERM LIMITS
Pres. Trump, his WH is controversial & chaotic Throughout his presidency: the lying, conflicting speeches & lack knowledge re-constitution
Hey Chucky, they are no longer his hotels lol
He uses crazy immigration policies to distract the left & as an illusion of strength for the nuts on the far right.
The contrast between his rhetoric and his own actions is blatantly absurd.
just shut up sissy!
People change
How about those 10 Wall Street donor firms in your pocket??? There is nothing you can say an out Trump that you are not guilty of.
And you Mr. Schumer want to increase the number of illegal immigrants because you believe it benefits your reelection probability.
That is not what the policy states. Another untrue spin from " honest " Chuck
And the winery.
Wow that would mean, if that were a true statement, that it would benefit America!  (See what I did there...read thru your sarcasm) 
And you losing Democratic bimbos want illegals to vote. And still YOU LOST.
Oh really Schumer .....what about all the illegals working in your state of California I sure don't see you going after the employers there
SCHUMER DO YOU HAVE PROOF OF THAT STATEMENT IF NOT "SHUT IT".DEMOCRAPS  ARE JUST DESPERATE STICK TO TRUE FACTS NOT FAKE NEWS!!!
#lyingchuckschumer
How ignorant if you senator! His suggestions benefits all citizens! And will make shure that those who come here really want to come here!
Jealous, much?  Leave it to Schumer to BS everything that helps this country.
Chuck Schemer wants to cut everything accept when it benefits himself! 
Chuckie doesn't cry, only pretends to, when it benefits him.
Lier
No Chuck you're off base.
So, where exactly is immigration to the US a right again there Chuck? Afraid of losing captive voters?
Wow what a meat head thing to say. Sch and a new low, didn't think it was possible. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
