It's called the old trickle down effect that screwed up the economy up for decades.
You mean the trickle down that got us consumer internet, iPhones and other things that would be too $ for consumer?
You aren't seriously trying to argue that trickle down is effective economic policy, are you?
Not with you I'm not. I only converse with rational people.
When you put something in the public domain, you're inviting engagement from everyone. Sorry.
When the trolls & bots come out in force, I just mute & block.
It's corporate welfare.
Corporate welfare is a fancy term invented by the left to serve as a smokescreen for those to lazy or unwilling to educate themselves.
This is a pretty sad attempt at propaganda. That said, I'm sure plenty of idiots swallow and regurgitate it.
How much do you pay in taxes Chuck? What's your net worth Chuck? How did you accumulate your wealth working for the Gov't?
Having money isn't the problem. It's wanting to (and having the power to!) create policy to concentrate that wealth in your own hands at the expense of the vast majority that is abhorrent.
The problem is us, the people that continue to re elect these incumbents! Vote every incumbent out regardless of Party!
@SenSchumer when you give business a reason to bo business in America they hire American workers.
Stop with pushing false statements.
You're lying!
I don't like the guy but he is not lying. GOP tax plan is for the top 1%, middle class & Blue states will have to pay the most to make up 4
Where did you get you economics degree? I'll wait for that answer.
No, see, if you just get all the poor people to die or leave, economic problems are solved! Nobody steals your money! Fantasy America is the Best America!
Nice propaganda
And that not what is going to happen
FAILED during Reagan years was renamed VOODOO
economics! Denounced by financial experts!
The wealth NEVER "trickles" down from the wealthy!
Ok.  To win you have to tell the people all the things Dem Party is for.  Time is ripe.
The same could be said for welfare. Both systems screw the middle class you supposedly support.
Chuck...the top one percent pay 70% off all taxes and you think they don't deserve anything?
Where is that in President Trump's tax plan? Face it you have used class warfare for years to deny cutting the taxes for average Americans.
Ahit for brains, taxes are going down! Democrats are the ones that raise taxes. WE ARE TIRED OF TRYING TO FILLUP THE MONEY WASTING MACHINE!!
Is that all democrats can do is lie and create conflict?
We will stop this travesty of a law the same way  all those ill conceived ACA repeals were stopped.
Good luck with that.
Crying chuck has so many deductions that he is scared of losing thats why he is crying
The lowest income people get everything for free dude didn't you get the memo preschool free health insurance free apartment
8 yrs you did nothing do something positive
You've been in office for decades and the debt and taxes have only increased. I have zero confidence in your financial prowess.
U are a typical politican, lie, lie, lie. This is why the Democrats are not in office. Didnt u learn from the elections?
Tell the GOP to finish this sentence: "I'm going to screw over the poor and middle-class because....." 1) they're not one of us.
They are poor because of failed liberal policies period....
Theoretically...
Schmuckie, the lowest 48% of earners do NOT pay fed income taxes, how can you cut their taxes? Are you really that corrupt?
Republicans are devolving.  It's now #wealthcare and #wealthfare. They don't even try to hide it anymore.
How many people have been eliminated from paying taxes.  Get a life Chuck what increase  just like your PR tweets bad
You act like Congress is not the one with taxing power. Learn to Constitution.
Republicans hide behind their self image of patriotism, yet it's patriotism that only benefits themselves.
If they ho to a simple tax cut, do they also get rid of the penalty for not having healthcare? #wealthfare
Also, US citizens who are also #Isreali, have socialized medicine.  They get penalized on their taxes for having no insurance. #wealthfare
@GOP @SenateGOP  your kidding right. @POTUS your supporters will suffer under this reform. Your ok w that? Hmm it's all in the details
Well as you know chuck... we don't tax those who already have wealth... we tax those trying to gain wealth. Food for thought
Stop making shit up Chuckie!!!  What is your great plan for the middle class???  Nothing, as usual!!!
Senator Schumer, I would like to ask you, where do you find the patience to deal with all this unbelievable hypocrisy? Democrats R 2passive
Schumer acted giddy that trump "likes me" very disappointed. Though shulosi was tougher than that
Lowest income usually are not Americans
Chuck
The lowest income Americans don't even pay taxes. Stop misleading America.
Sure it is Chuck, sure it is.
Start telling the truth.
This is the same crap republicans have conned the middle class for 40 years. They only give tax breaks to rich people, then lie about it
chuck is a idiot
you don't care poor American families and democratic care about them self only
That's not what was said my friend.
No where have I read or seen an increase of taxes on low income. 39 percent to 12 25 35. All numbers lower. Your math is off. Stop scare tac
Could it be Pro Russian?
Deductions removed chuck you’re not being thorough or honest in your statements
Yep
It's stealing from the poor to make us pay for the Rich, Ridiculous 
No it’s pro #trump
Poor bosses don't pay
Liar liar liar
Everyone is getting a tax cut... stop fear mongering!!
No but it is classic Republican! Lo!ok after puppet masters and screw everyday Americans
Dont no why you dems have to lie all the time . Are you really affraid the lower class people and the hardest working might get ahead .
But they stand for the national anthem... isn't that the definition of pro American? They are the worst admin please Chick make it stop!!
Another lie from @SenSchumer. Give the rich a tax break too. They buy stuff that we create and feed our families.
Than any country in world. STOP the bull crap SCHUMMER and PROP up this country. STOP dividing AMERICA
Stop being  so polite !
How can you raise tax on the poorest in this country when they do not pay any unless it is sales tax??? This country helps poor more
You have to actually contribute and PAY TAXES to benefit from tax cuts you donk!
You cannot allow this to even come to a vote until Trump releases his tax returns! #NoReturnsNoVote
#NotMAGA
No sir, it is not
It is simply self-serving fiscal policy for elites in the swamp
And a conniving and deceitful pitch to the American people
Hasn't it been done before? What did it cost last time?
And it is NOT tax reform. It is tax DEFORM


Hey, it worked for Kansas!! Oh, wait...
Trumpfare.
Annnnd... what are DEMOCRATS doing???!!! We're WAITING!
Write a REAL tax reform bill !!!!
How is #zero tax on the first $24k raising taxes on lowest income Americans, Chucky? #Liar Do you even bother to read what you tweet?
Are you talking about marginal rates before credits and deductions,or effective tax after such consideration and net net.
Liar!
Really has been democrats policy for years 
Everyone needs skin in the game, everyone needs to pay something.
AGAIN, YOU ARE A LIAR.
Adding to the debt, screwing Middle Class taxpayers with Children, making them pay more so GOP Donors can get a cut, it's #Wealhfare.
that's not what's happening... raised the the bar for 0 income tax and the rich will be taxed on a higher base. no more loop holes!
It's crash the economy time again!  Another round of Trickle-Down economics!  After 35 years of this crap, will people EVER learn?
Then stop whining and help fix the problem work together to fix it constant Gridlock does nothing be BiPartisan reach across the Aisle 
Trickle down does not work.  Trickle up does.  Give mid & lower income earners more money & they will spend it, pay their bills.
No it's pro oligarchy.  The middle class will be screwed once again.  Trickle down DOES NOT WORK @realDonaldTrump .
and that's NOT what the new tax bill says!! #LIAR #MISLEADING #READTHEBILL
With all the money you're gonna save you could buy yourself a new talking point. This one is past it's expiration date.
Bull Chucky boy
How about cutting govt. spending? That would be the best tax cut of all.
Put your brain to use this time maybe you’ll understand the proposal instead of just saying no to something that goes beyond your ability
Failed trickle down in sheeps clothing
@elizabethspinn pls help them sir n dt is a CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO THE PPL OF THE UNITED STATES 25TH AMENDMENTNOW PLS SIR!
@elizabethspinn be is charging ppl to evacuate n holding their passports why can't military planes evacuate the ppl with no chg
@elizabethspinn with American accents that is horrible
@elizabethspinn I have atwt dt put out saying he had more important things to do than Puerto Rico all they are is mexicans
FFS. So stupid!
just sent to Clinton n McCain
Well Chuck, the books have to be balanced, and if people want to be dumb when they go to cast their votes, they normally end up paying for it.
Quit lying to the American people you shyster
#Wealthfare & Wealthcare - Yeah, seems like a Pattern's trying 2 Emerge in DC. I hope they have flood insurance cuz WE R RISING & RESISTING!
That's what the Dems want you to believe! Lies! The tax cuts are more for the middle class! Why don't they want to help us??
FAKE NEWS CHUCKY
Top 0.01%. Many in top 1% will also b seriously screwed if they earn income or hold prop in a blue state. Need them 2 get loud.
Seems the only democrats bashing the tax proposal r some of the wealthiest Congressmen from states that have a high state income tax
That's not what they're doing that's the complete flip. How can you sit here and lie on social media oh you're a Democrat I forgot
Explain how lowering the tax rate & increasing the standard deduction raises taxes again
There should a law that says NO tax cut with a deficit spending and/or high national debt.
Same old song & dance.  Define the top1%. I guess that would include YOU & Pelosi Galore who make MILLIONS from K street every year?!
Cut the #Socialism crap of @TheDemocrats !!!!
Lip service Schumer at it again
Useless Dems...
False narrative!!!!
That's your tax bill and you are not for any American you are for yourself and Nancy
#wealthfare spread the word!!
Lyin Chuck & his co-conspirators have never ever liked tax cuts so he cloaks them as "break for the rich" People need help your not helping
When you do nothing that’s deplorable! Why do you want more people dependent on the government?
Dems won't vote for this. They will screw the American citizens just to stick it to Trump. They don't care!
More bable lies from chuckie.
You are trying to deceive people about President Trump's tax plan. You literally DISGUST me! You don't care about the low income Americans!
Actually, it will increase jobs and bring people out of the lower classes. Besides, if you want to lower taxes for everyone then cut programs
What the F are you babbling about.  The plan cuts taxes for all classes .. the lowest wage earners don't pay anything if <$24K.
Typical GOP bait & switch - raise standard deduction and eliminate family deduction = net tax increase for middle/low incomers

Agree but what about you, you're in the top 0.1%
STOP LYING! LYING CAUSES HAIR TO RECEDE!

Schumer doesn't understand the plan. He is not weighing the increase in the standard deduction.
#SchumerPropaganda If he knew how to do math he would realize low income are getting a big break.
No they are not, low income don't pay income tax now, so how in the hell can it be lower than Zero?
Anti... seems to be what they are all about!
Chuckie lies! Democrats are going to do everything they can to give Americans a tax break!
Can't get kick backs and election donations if all the deductions are gone.
Funny we never knew what amount Trump paid. But I'm sure he made sure it was at the lowest tax rate.. Thanks, Mr. Schumer
This is BAD! They are eliminating head of household status standard ded. which is $9300 AND all exemptions for your children & yourself
which the exemptions for that are $4050 per exemption. So, if you have say 2 children to claim & yourself that is another $12,150 = $21,450
in deductions and the .@GOP wants to only double the standard deduction to $12,000 for single with NO EXEMPTIONS, that's a LOSS of $9450
in deductions to subtract from your AGI. They must think people are FOOLS! WE will pay MORE!!!!! This will kill the lower & middle class.
PLEASE .@SenSchumer  do something about this. What about all the people that are head of household status with children that aren't married?
They think they are doing us a favor by doubling the standard ded but taking away ALL exemptions for you dependents, that is a HUGE LOSS!!!
So basically you’re against taxing government handouts to the lowest income Americans-
So the OMB Director is lying? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4FVHGWfbi0 … Looks like your rich friends will lose their tax breaks.
Your so out of touch it's just not Funny!
he's not raising taxes on the the lowest income Americans and he's getting rid of many deductions for the top 1%
Chuck will not support any tax cut.  That is while for Obamacare and tax on middle class so he can spend it on socialism & immigrants
True....but none of what u said is acutate. And that sir is "not pro american" .
If Trump Ryan and McConnell along with Rep Congress arent stopped working class n this country is over.VERY RICH&VERY POOR.JESUS WAKE UP PPL
#TrumpTaxScam will completely destroy Middle Class.
#VoteOutGOP #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPencd
Corporate America and the rich already have most of it. If# 45 & REP get thier way they will have it all. Healthcare ED SS all thats left
You're right... but who the hell is doing that? Not the proposed tax cuts. So what was that? Just felt like stating the obvious? #useless
You want to keep YOUR 1% taking the large state/local tax deductions as pay back for their contributions to you. HYPOCRITE!
Proof
Learn how to read!! Nobody, except you could look at this framework and not see the tax cuts described. Maybe tears are blurring your sight.
It's not pro-American for Democrats to overspend and continually raise taxes. Instead of just criticizing, why don't you help?
Spending increases GDP taxes don't, tax those who spend most, they spend less, therefore no growth. Bad
why do you Dem's lie about everything @realDonaldTrump has don't more in 8 mos than @BarackObama  to do in 8 years you know it own up say it
%50 don't pay federal tax how do you lower that? Lowered tax rate on middle class, doubled standard deduction, increase child care credit,
Credit for elderly disable care, lowered tax on small business and corporations. Corporations small business provide more h/c than ACA,
Drive economy provide jobs. Hedge funds Wall Street Investment banks and RITF do not create jobs or provide h/c. They pay a%15 cap gain tax
They also are your and Dem largest campaign contributors yet you don't mention this in your 1% talk. Google http://Opensecrets.org  to fact
Our President thinks all Americans are intellectually on the level of his base and unable to grasp what is being presented to us as tax cuts
Hey Chuck, it seems the responses to this tweet are overwhelmingly negative.

Your establishment politics appears to be failing you.
Same old tired rhetoric Schumer get in there and do your darn job !
Stop the comedy your pocket lining collegues are not going to let trump succeed but remember we trumpsters r millions and millions strong!!
What's the point of increasing rates on the lowest earners while giving back billion to the wealthy...
POTUS says it’s good you say it’s bad. Is this a party line thing again, Chuck?
Lying Chuck
Since when do the LOWEST income  Americans GET taxed. Let's call it like it is ... the MIDDLE CLASS GETS ALL THE HITS
But Senator, I thought the lowest income Americans don't pay income tax... are they proposing to tax non-existant income?
Those sneaky $@#&s
Well considering the lowest income Americans don’t pay taxes it is pro-American Chuck.

https://twitter.com/karma_vegas/status/913418403397828610 …
+ Hold all ReFUCKalins responsible & accountable for their ACTIONS of criminal behavior as well
just get on board and cut the shit Chuck!! Help the people and business here! Stop being an obstructionist!
Lowest income earners already at 0%. Stop the bullshit scare tactics. This plan wins for middle class and you know it sir.
Actually, what's truly American is if the rate was equal for all.  Just sayin'
() if you were serious about cutting taxes, you wouldn't have passed OBAMACARE. For once in your life try being part of the solution
The 1% will get an increase if you vote with GOP. Did you fall riding that bike?
LIAR
Standard deduction doubles, child tax credit raised, & nobody's rates go up.
Back up your claim that taxes for the lowest income ppl go up.
DEMagoguery again. STOP cherry picking and look at the entirety. Stop taking your aids word and read it ourself. Can you read?
What stupid dufuss u & dems r. Clean out ur ears. Can get power washer that'll clean both at once... Stupids...u only care about yourselves.
Don't feed "Chucky the Troll".
As always U lie 2 the Americans who don't read or understand R tax code & U don't have any solutions 2 help the middle class
Then ask for higher taxes on the 1%, you have room to negotiate if you promise a few votes.
CHUCK, TELL THE TRUTH! Reform will take away your SLUSH FUNDS!
Lier senator
Typical Dem theory. See how your vision of tax is working in Detroit, Chicago. Just shut up! You're embarrassing yourself!
Lowest doesn't pay on first $24000 under reform. Their phones, food, internet & health care is already subsidized with taxes. More rhetoric!
Dude, I knew what you were going to say the second POTUS announced he had a plan. Don't you ever get sick of singing the same old song?
And by the way the lowest income Americans pay NO taxes
YOU have the nerve to talk about "pro-American", ChuckYou? That's rich, comrade.

#TCOT #PJNET
1% pay around 50% of all taxes... If big govt is so important to you Libs why are you not willing to pay for it?
Please back up your misleading statements? You've got a big mouth, but not much backbone.
