Make that a large CON with Extra FRAUD...Steaming Hot for 2018 Mid-Terms...
Lame
You had 9 years Upchuck Shitmer, you accomplished nothing
Retire Chuck..it's amazing how you take @POTUS ideas and present them as your party's ideas. Have you no shame?
Hey chuck, welcome to the Trump Train.
You are plagiarizing Trumps presidential campaign
...you do realize you sound just like a Republican now, right ?...have you lost all sense of originality and just steal ideas now ?
Sounds a lot like Trump,  stealing again or just more bs.
A better deal will line the pockets of Democratic legislators and lobbyists...not buying it Chuckles
A better deal will make you richer, same crap
Of those 95 million under age of 65, how many do you really believe are retirees? We have massive, undocumented unemployment in the US today
This man will say anything to get a vote:
CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
I doubt it, Schumer.
American middle class disappears.  Families 1 paycheck away from bankruptcy.  Dems R responsible!  No more raw deals frm U, Trump leads!
Why wasn't it done in the last 8 years?
Gee, if you tossed in building a wall you could have usurped his entire campaign. Figure out hating Trump wouldn't win elections?
Look forward to reading the actual details.
They will have to call Donald Trump to beg for the details.
? It's not Trumps plan.
Ok , so tell me something chuckles, why are you against Trump? Your better deal is the same thing Trump has been preaching since campaign
Glad u agree with Trumps agenda.  Go do ur job in the Senate and help America move forward. Reform: immigration, tax system, and HC.
Where Was This 7 yrs ago!!
Chuck sounds like your now on board with president trump. Then start passing some bills and make some of things happen now.
Even this may be too little, too late. There are 95 million Americans who are working age who have stopped looking for work...
So chucky you are a President Trump supporter
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck is back on the Joke of a Deal. Why don't you get off your ass & actually do something in the Senate?
Bull shit that's not the democrats that's Trump's agenda.
You had 8 years of what you thought was #ABetterDeal time for you to go. #TermLimits
Wow Chuckie, you sound like Trump, more jobs, lower drug price, bad trade deals. Why don't you just help him instead of resist. Help Trump
Resisting is what Dems do - they won't admit Trump is doing a good job helping people get off food stamps/welfare to make them self reliant.
The only deal democrats creat are violence n chaos to try n keep America under their thumb of oppression n control
Really? You support a man who lies, breaks rules, divides the country through ignorant rhetoric & Who's motto is "his way or the highway".
No I do not support schumer or anything the democrats stand for now days
But you support a party that puts party over country and a President that grabs p###y. Got it!
U don't know me my comment got under skin and you just had to attack
Sorry you feel that way
 Not my intention
These days the hypocrisy is just laughable.
I could have hit back with names n labels but it has to stop somewhere thank u for ur apology n I agree about the hypocrisy
Thank you for your kindness. Have a great night!
Your one of the poorest leaders we have in the senate. When will you step up to the plate and be a leader vs the nonsense you keep spouting
BS
You lost the election & the swamp still runs the government?
If it was better why didn't you push for it years ago?
Need to have law that lets gov to negotiate drug prices. Get to work
Sounds like Trumps plan.  Glad to know you support his agenda.
Now you want to piggyback off of Donald Trump who has solutions because you had none. your parasites
Hahahahahaha!  You're trying to take credit for Trump's plan.  You're a joke!
Didn't the Dems already pass two Stimulous bills, that were suppose to already have shovel ready jobs? Wait, it lined donor pockets!!
Socialism doesn't work Senator
Now the Dems want to creat jobs??? Crack down on bad trade deals?? I've heard this before... oh yeah... Donald Trump ran on it as candidate.
And you can keep your doctor!  You and your Dem promises are lies to get power
Rabbit in a hat I predict
A better deal or a better pizza?  Both seem pretty empty coming from you!!!
Funny how this sounds like #MAGA but if it's your words it's not.BTW funny when economy is doing well like now you say it's from obama
You sound like a bad used car salesman...
BS!!!!
Have u called #PresidentTrump 2 thank him 4 coming up with this plan. It's called #MAGA. Start working w/him to make it happen.
Chuck you crack me up
LOL, you're making this up. LOL
That's Trump agenda...again not fooling people.
Gee Chucky you sound just like the Conservative Plan that you and your co-commies are so much against! Your plan is to obstruct other plans!
"A better deal." Just more left wing commie democrat propaganda. We 8 years of your dem "deals". We're still paying for that mistake.
stop trying to take credit for what @POTUS is doing for the US.  the democrats are doing nothing in congress just as bad as the republican
Dems had 2 yrs of full power, gave us failing Obamacare. Just stop already! Until you pass Flat or Fair tax, you have ZERO credibility.
The Obamacare that saved lives and is currently being sabotaged by Republicans you mean?
Wait .... This is Donald Trumps plan
Democrats create dependency through entitlements and steal upward mobility
I'm past the point of words with you guys. Work with the GOP and start getting positive things done for he country already.
*the
So as you criticize @realDonaldTrump for everything, your new plan is to steal Trump's current plan and pass it off as your own?
Is it budget neutral like the ACA?  We can't afford another flop.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck Schumer!!
Where was this better deal when u & obama had the country all u could do was raise taxes on working Americans give illegals free everything
3. microsoft, google, facebook, all monopolies that give Dems money so i don't buy it!
1. infrastructure only helps union. 2. how you gonna cut drug costs problem is taxes.
Haha why didn't you do this before,you've been a senator long enough,just the same old bullshit from you
Copying Trump. Cool! #MAGA



@StevenMWolfe3 @realDonaldTrump your hot air work with Trump or shut up.
@StevenMWolfe3 @realDonaldTrump A better deal what did you do with the 1 trillion dollar infrastructure money from Obama? Special interest?
Sounds like trumps plan!!!
Huh ?! Interesting thread  !
Nobody seem to like Chuck !?
Why ?! Untrustworthy ?!  tssssssnake !?
Id you couldn't do it for 8yrs. ALREADY PROVE CAN'T DO IT AT ALL.....
Like the killary/Russia uranium deal, the obama Iranian nuclear deal,  what deal are you talking about.
Glad ur on board w pres trumps agenda. Try not to take credit for other people's agenda next time!!!
Do you think???? Old Chuckie boy
You mean the trade deals YOU MADE. Why have you NEVER TALKED ABOUT BAD TRADE DEALS UNTIL POTUS BROUGHT IT UP. YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE AND A LIAR
So you're 2018 and beyond plan is to steal president trumps 2016 campaign platform. Guess imitation really is the sincerest flattery
Hey they fooled USA for 100yrs, chucky and the progressives are sure this crap will work again.
Chuck where were you and the last president?   How come your deals are better now than they were let's say four years ago?
Did u steal this from Trump? Two face democrats.
Lower Prescription cost's for SURE!!! JUST GOOGLE WHAT PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY MADE MONEY WISE LAST YEAR!!!! IT'S NUTS!!! THANKS
Close tax loopholes for corperations, lower individual tax rate, reduce burdensome regs, reduce spending getting rid of fail gov't programs.
Oh..you're referring to #MAGA
I'm assuming you'll mandate that 100% of infras goes to union shops?   With Dems environmental regs - they'll take 10yrs to start!
Isn't that what the President wants to do and the Democrats screamed how that would destroy the country.  Make up your mind. No quit
With <4.4 % unemployment where will 15M workers come from?
#ABetterDeal is the same program @POTUS won on. You aren't even original and your slogan is second rate to #MAGA. Stop your #Obstruction
How can you talk about bad trade deals,  you're one of the causes.
Sounds like @POTUS #MAGA agenda, Lordy! Dem #copycats #BetterPizza
Why did you not do this under Obama,
@SenSchumer You sound just like President Trump!!! WELCOME TO THE CLUB! 
BULL CRAP!!!!!
No it won't. You all continue promising everything but delivering nothing. Time for professional politicians to be voted out!
Stealing POTUS plans again. He first talked about bad trade deals ones created during the dem OBAMA years that you were part of!
Lol

No money for sanctuary cities 

Go fish 

We all KNOW how to FIX stupid !

.
You sound more and more like the president. #maga
ALL TALK!
You can't take @realDonaldTrump agenda and make it your own after 3 Decades of Democrat Lies!
#MAGA #POTUS 
Sounds just like obama with his shovel ready jobs proposal
Finally joining the Trump train? Sounds like it! About time. TERM LIMITS!
Nope.
CHANGE THE DAMN NAME! What's wrong w "A Better America", "Dems Work For You", "Dems For Prosperity",  "We Are One America" Get rid of DEAL!
All of the "Better Deal" could have been done during the last 8 YEARS of Obama.   Were Democrats comatose from an overdose?
Trump is on it already!

Sit back and Watch
#MAGA
Democrats are not in charge, so get behind the president and his plans.
Why not call it #Strongertogether People are tired of slogans that divide. Need to show that we are better when we're together.
Explain why Rdx has been over priced and how you plan to lower them. No more broken promises.
You haven't done anything else right. Just sit back and let the adults in the room handle this job.
Then y didn't u do it in the last 8 years? U ruined this country trump trying to put it back together.
I thought your infrastructure deal 7 years ago was supposed to do that. What happened?
Remember Republican Party CONTROLLED THE CONGRESS!!!! A DO NOTHING CONGRESS!!  JACK  ASS'S
THANKS
And what about the last 8 years?
What, you mean you forgot about all the "shovel ready" jobs while entitlement enrollment hit all time record highs?
THOSE ARE TRUMPS IDEAS, NOT YOURS http://CHUCK.YOU  HAVE NO MESSAGE OF YOUR OWN.
#PeoplesPlatform > #ABetterDeal
Why does everyone have to cater to there base, we're all Americans and want a better America for everyone.
When are you going to work with Potus not against him. It time you and the DNC started working for the people
If it's such a http://good.deal  where was it the last 8yrs. It's the same tax and spend crap.
This is what Trump ran on.

Hillary ran on hate.
If that's true, Senator, why aren't you sorting @realDonaldTrump ? You just echoed his agenda.
Are you trying to be funny? Obama and the #DEMS made the "bad" trade deals that you want to crack down on!
So NOW you agree out trade deals are bad? Hypocrite. Don't worry about it. Trump has it covered.
That's crazy you sound like Trump. What kind of better deal is that? Are you even listening to yourself?
Hope #ABD will be as well known as #MAGA. Tired of hearing don't know what Dems stand for.  Get that right first and fast. Too important.
Yeah yeah yeah, blah blah blah shovel ready jobs Obama bullshit.
U r party is corrupt to core ! Just look at Clinton Mendez etc. its called pay to play!Dems take ur money aka tax n spend n line ther pocket
Well now this ,sounds like a positive move to the center, thank you. I think you might be on to something.
This is the stuff that you guys have to talk about.  Let Trump blow himself up.  Focus on what is in it for rapidly shrinking middle class.
Chuck, your goals, & objectives are so anti-prosperity you have no idea what would help America. You are truly the blind leading the blind
yeah, right. Economy is booming more now than it ever did during Dem prez. Jobs will come from PRIVATE sector, not gov
Your comments reinforce the need for comprehensive tax reform and tax rate reduction.
Sounds just like Trump's plan! Wow!
Wow your desperation is palpable.
GOP and Trump will not want anything to help the average person they only want to help themselves
If you listen to Trump and not senators you all know what he wants to so for ALL. These people are but resisting with nothing to offer.
Exactly what is it that HE wants? He's broken every rule at all costs to further an Authoritarian regime. You really are deplorable.
This a lie folks.. same Democratic game to take our  $ just in different words. No change at all to sell out the American people & America
@SenSchumer finally we are talking about what's really important.
You created the law. I think its time to undo congressional corruption. Congress gets richer, we get poorer
Lets hear it, you can't say the words and wish it into existence Why should we believe Dems now when so many promises broken over the yrs
That's what Trump wants to do--help him.
The Presidents is doing that already. If you would support the people instead of playing politics, we would be better off right now.
 your funny a better deal
If we had cheaper drugs, you'd have to undo the law of no negotiations with pharma.
I don't believe you. Obama made same promises and all were falsr
#ABetterDeal = Obama Stimulus which FAILED MISERABLY:   "Shovel ready wasn't quite shovel ready"
You must get more Democrats on the news getting the message out don't make the same mistake push hard

Start NOW. Work to get drug prices in line with every other country. Start without all the showmanship. DO it, maybe we'll believe you.
1/ To DO it they first have to fight to give us our government back& get rid of unlimited undisclosed spending by corps & billionaires...
2/ & reduce power & influence of special interests & lobbyists in Wash. GOP votes against this! Dems "showmanship" as you call it is ...
3/ the Dems fighting to get more Dems elected. The plan is one that will lead to higher wages, lower costs & an economy that works for all..
4/ Americans.  In the weeks to come, Dems plan to propose more bold ideas to achieve their goals of lowering everyday costs, etc. They ...
5/ want to create & fill good-paying jobs with a diverse, trained workforce that has the tools needed to succeed. GOP have & will continue..
BLOCKING this restricted account.
Raising the minimum wage looses jobs Chuck! But your so out of touch or stupid to think your plan will help. Gov $ is short term jobs. 
And increase the deficit, and national debt, as well as increasing the size of this inept government
You had your shot chuck & you paid off unions with the stimulus & all those shovel ready jobs.  You need a new bumper sticker, this 1 sucks
Your deal has no ability to fulfill your statements. Review of it is clear to see it is only designed to fill your supporters pockets.
After 8 years of failure you now want us to swallow this scam.
Taking credit for Trumps and work?
#INPEACH
I'm a dem supporter through & through but is it too late to do something about this #ABetterDeal slogan? Sorry, but it's really terrible.
Agree. It is flat and uninspiring. Plus, it should be best for everyone, not just better. Get some pro creative help! This is not a winner.
What I hear is; yeah we suck, too, but at least we don't suck as much as they do.
Same here. IDK any Dems who are inspired by it. It falls flat. This is a CRITICAL campaign. ... get professional creative help!
Will you cosponsor @SenSanders bill enabling Medicare for all when it is introduced in 2 weeks?
Now your trying to run on @POTUS platform just another DEM lie!
Stop lying schumer ur a failure all use politians do is lie jokes
you do realize you guys are the ones that got us in to these bad trade deals right???
Schumer, this isn't going to get anyone excited, get it together man. Learn from Bernie's campaign.
Why would we trust you? We did for 8 years and zip... Your better deal can go suck an egg
Where have I heard THIS policy from before, Chuckie? Oh yeah, the current PRESIDENT.
That's some of Trump's #MAGA platform....
Chuck only one question; Why didn't you try to do this the last 8 years? you r like the Republicans saying they have a replacement for ACA.
1/ Maybe because all of the improvement bills that Obama tried to pass the GOP voted down, he had confidence in US voters to elect a sane...
Here ya go... all you have to do is read.
There isn't,.. same talking point every Politicians uses. Heard it 4 last 11 elect cycles. hi wages free college,. some has to pay for it
Yes, because government creates jobs off the backs of hardworking Americans......
LIAR, you will Tax the Middle class like you always do
amazing to see how you toot your own horn and understand so little.
#liar!! You had 20+ years in government any problem is YOUR fault retire now !!!!
Wow!  You haven't been plagiarizing Trump have you?
None of the above will be achieved under Dems, it never happened in the last 8yrs it certainly won't take place  under anyone you push 
Lmao chuck stop trying to be trump. You are way late in economy issues.
Notice they're identifying with everything Trump has already done ?
Can't think of issue solving without stealing
عالی
MUST WATCH - #TrumpRussia explained in ~ 3 min
Plus GOP gets $$$ from Russia RETWEET 
Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
Is that really what u think is going on?? Lol.
