I hear the State Dept is denying visas for those trying to escape--true?
Thank you for speaking out - but is there not a way to propose special visas or refugee measures? Anything we can actively do to help?
Man-0-Man, I bet your Support is really helpful as your Support for anyone can turn on a Dime! I never thought I would miss H Reed. GO POTUS
Again. That's all you do "Stand around" Blah blah. 
Don't u have a job to do? Oh wait, u do, standing around doin natta
Your lies, R showing people exactly who U DEMS, Gutless GOP, MSM & @TheDemocrats R. U Hate USA & US. BYE, Bye 2018 @SenSchumer @FoxBusiness
Fine. Now please stand up against 75 year old insect @JoeLieberman as head of FBI
@LindseyGrahamSC, appreciate your comments s.
Note to self, vote out my democratic congressman, senator and governor at the very next opportunity.  By the way I'm not a republican.
Thank you for your support, Senator.
liar
I agree with your comments.  Have you expressed your heart regarding Christians, Jews, and Muslims being slaughter by ISIS? You should!
Someone is triggered lol.
TO HELL WITH THE OBSTRUCTIONISTS & RESISTERS! You've been drinking Clinton's Deadly KOOL-AID! Look at the number both Clintons had killed!!
Have the guts to say the truth 95% of Chechnyans are Muslims, they have no tolerance of LGBT community
Do not care who you stand with out side this County,try standing with your own people, stop trying to divide us!
Senator treason is punishable by death.  If you are part of this.  I want all parties hung on the front lawn of the white house.
And the horrible madness here?  wtf
Always in front of cameras...yuk
you have been in DC with no record of doing any good.  Shame on the people who were paid to vote for you.
Chuckie putting his crying crocodile teary face on for the camera.
you are an embarrassment to us and a trouble maker!!!!!
Chuck you're not a world leader, you are a US congressman, please start doing your job, for the people and you constituent!!!
I bet votes change and politics as usual will stop.  We have been hanging leaders of other countries if he shared secrets with Russia. #hung
How about Chicago? A slaughterhouse of a city! Yep your mentor and yourself could care less. Be a man retire. Or bend over for the left
Your face makes me Gag.. upchuckie
Really or just advantageous
UR @Dem2018 is going to IMPLODE along w/the party! "WE, THE PEOPLE" of the USA can't stomach politicians who do NOT work 4 their HIGH SALARY
The madness in chuck's head. Cuckoo cuckoo
you stand with chuck Schumer and only church Schumer
U stand with nobody U POS. NY should be embarrassed having a piece of garbage in the Senate. U have done nothing your whole career.
Rich. Coming from you.
#douchebagschumer
Why no comment on NYC Government officials planning to honor SAVAGE FALN Unrepentant Terrorist during Puerto Rican parade in June
NYC residents were murdered and you never comment. What kind of Senator are you? Obviously one not concerned with victims and families
Chucky you stand by yourself and continue condemning our great country we can't continue to let Chucky and dems tear our great country apart
That's good but you still have to pay attention to what he want Ryan and McConnell to pass into law.
Let's figure out the madness home, start with Chicago!
No condemnation of the madness in Yemen, Chuck? Hits too close to home?
chuckie, what about the horrible mess you cause in America spewing hatred.
Except Trump
Chucky you got rid of kids glasses now take a one way trip to Iran
You just don't get it. Taxes healthcare jobs immigration fix it
Tell HRC to crawl bk to the woods, where all snakes live. Even most of the Alt-left knows she's a lier.
My parents use to be Dem. No More Most Dems are Atheist. Religions ppl will not turn there bk on God. Dems R the only 1 connected to Russia.
is that on Long Island Chuckie?
The only reason why y'all want a prosecuter is to keep this BS going. Y'all don't want the Alt-left Freaks to find out the Dems are lying.
@wendydshaffer Joe Liberians law firm represents trump can't be FBI head for sure
Worry about your own country !!
Stick it Chucky go home you just can't work with anybody. Your a showboat. Talking about Hillary e mails wow Chucky whydidnt you investigate
Dems use to stand for the poor, now they are non-american Atheist. I know alot of Dems will vote Rep. True.  Christian's will not vote Dem
I GUESS I'M MAKING WAAVES
SENATOR TWITTER TRIED TWICE TO IMPLANT A VIRUS ON MY PHONE! TO SILENCE ME!
Anything to get in front of a camera
Here is a message for the Alt-right to the Alt-left. I hope y'all CHOKE ON THESE WORDS.
Wait until the  ppl find out that Obama Gave out classified infor, and blame Trump. Obama and his Ghetto Shadow Gov. DNC, TRAITORS.
Showboat
Look how the Lame-Brain Dems colluded on the Russia Theory. Emails don't lie.

https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/4651 …
The dems need to let processes run and just sit back. Don't hiltz it. That doesn't work
You're beyond delusional. No SANE American stands with Comey... Damn. Go to the back of the line.
The best form of virtue signaling is not "standing"for something but doing something! Work with the @POTUS to Lower taxes and fix ACA!
I stand with real Americans condemning you and your party for your actions here. A disgrace to OUR country
Blah blah blah
WRONG..Yet Again Chuckles!! Not myself...or ANY of my MANY friends will SIDE with Comey under ANY circumstances! So you should STOP lying!!

Just shut up politician 
Obama gave classified intel to Russia about Syria & ISIS last yr.Thats Treason don't you think? Oh by the way it was a Wapo headline last yr
Remember once Hitler Changed the Law and suppressed  the News agencies - Everything he did inside of Germany was legal!!
Sure you do, and what about Ukraine? Why didn't Dems and  Obama help them?
How much is going to pay you? Must be a few million at least or you would tell them to frig off
Well, Obama promised the Russians more flexibility after the 2012 election so maybe he was referring to Chechnya.I call for an investigation
CHUCK ONE OF REP. JUST ON WITH KATIE TUE MSNBC SAYING IT WAS OK TO BE FRIENDS WITH RUSSIA. DID RUSSIA BUG OVAL?
Chuck...put some make up on your face and take a vaca to Chechnya in support of their plight. Bet you'll miss the USA..if you make it back.
Chuckles there is some prime real estate there for you move
Somehow you will profit for acting like you care about anything other than yourself. You are this countries worst enemy.
How about the maddnes of MSM and Dems trying to take our President?
Are you  again thats the best think you doo  and use any platform to make a political issue people's are tired of you Schumer  
Maybe I'm wrong, but isn't trump on his way to middle East?
And tomorrow you with stand there with your thumb up your dem
Awwww... it's almost like you really care... 
So keep letting refugees & others come to this country not fully vetted.  The culture is not open to the LGBTQ community and yet, here we r
You are no leader, you engage in nonsense.
What about Iran?
17 years... now you speak out...
today... @TheDemocrats FREED A TRADITOR & A TERRORIST,,, YOU ARE THE WOST HUMAN BEING ON THIS PLANT,
Must have been a slow trump day / found time to condemn something else
#dumpchuckytheclown
Why don't you stand with Americans and start doing something for us like tax cuts and health care reform instead of trying to destroy Trump
why is everything no negative? All you do is try to scare people! I bet you're chapter 4,5 in the book "The Art of the squeal "
Impeachment!
Amen
How about standing with we the ppl condemning the horrible madness going on in ur head
I never see representative from other countries over here trying to help America citizens.
Nice, now work with republicans, get something done. Stop fighting work for the people that put you there
And also the horrible madness in Congress.
Your condemning of anyyhing hold no credibility
What ever you say schmuckels.
Bemoan, Al Mo???
And Trump is silent.
I was just about to say it
And this adminstration will not approve visas for these poor people to come to the US for safety. This administration if full of hate.
You should be working for America citizens first
But none of those citizens are Trumps. @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump #crookedDonald
