The leadership needs to do something about this. It is not safe to have trump at the helm during a crisis with North Korea
You can thank the Clintons for this
Now is not the time to be playing the blame game for crying out loud!
we wouldn't be dealing with this fool if bill didn't sell nuke material for $ to them. Now Trump has to handle it, but he's got this.
Well I'm certainly going to blame trump if this mess goes south
Are you going to praise him if he handles it well?
Yes. Yes I will.
Good:)
I can't think of a better way to start a war with N Korea. Sure why not egg the man on. Absolutely brilliant idea. He hates America. 

Good thing he's not a politician. #MAGA
He's a sleazy business man that's worse.
Yeah, self made "billionaire".. Pretty sleazy. LOL.. WTF is in that Kool-Aid ? #Trump2020
Idk. I got it from a local Trump supporter. He said it would make me change my opinions. Kind of trippy personally.
Find a safe space, we deplorables got this Nkorea thingy. #Trump2020  #MAGA
You called it a thingy. And you called yourself deplorable.  BTW you are not deplorable for who you support. Entitled to our own opinion
You prefer Obama saying "just stop that"?
Maybe consider the fact that Obama kept them in line? Tout trump all you want but you'll be as dead is the rest of us when the missiles hit.
Obama was cowed by the bad guys. Remember the Syrian Red Line & Russia attacking & still occupying parts of the Ukraine where he sent MRE's.
Really? In a time like this you are bringing up Obama? Come on just more rhetoric. Has nothing to do with today!!
Obama never started WWIII
No Bill Clinton did, when he gave them the tools to make this shit, Obama did the same thing with Iran, they'll be in ww4
Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie when are you gonna learn to #MAGA
YOU AGREE W YOUR F--g POTUS? NK threatened #GUAM. Guam IS IN THE US. A US territory. Slogan=#WhereAmericasDayBegins. I have pals on Guam!
anyone else notice Lil' Kim set his nuke on a card table?
Looks like you were #wrong again, @SenSchumer. Reckless rhetoric was a perfect strategy to keep America safe. I expect an apology to @POTUS.
Then start impeachment proceedings! This nutcase needs to go now! He is dangerously insane!
Really? Should we blame them for Dem election loss like u did Russia?
Only thing this fool is firm on is entitlements and welfare. What a hypocritical joke!

#MAGA #winning #tcot
If anyone is an expert on reckless rhetoric... Its cryin' chuck
Go over & tell them we're sorry Chuck. That's what Barack would do
C'mon Chuck, it's time to get this guy out of office. No more "it's troubling" rhetoric. You guys need to get back to D.C. ASAP!
God forbid. US needs reform all over the place. INCLUDING his TOUGH stance. Dem Stepford-Style fails us all:corruption, spend & raise taxes.
I don't know, the firm and deliberate didn't seem to work. See where we are now....
We need Dems who have the guts to stand up, raise holy hell, & force GOP to take 100% responsibility for him or throw him out of office.
Maybe when they get back from vacation.in the meantime find a safe space snowflake. #MAGA
Where are the negotiations??? This is crazy!!! Lime 2 bullies calling each other names!!
Reckless rhetoric? Like Obama's "line in the sand" policy? We all saw how effective that was, while he was apologizing and bowing...pathetic
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @POTUS @FoxNews @HouseDemocrats  If Obama, U, Pelosi, & Dems weren't so passive N.K. wouldn't have nukes, U blew it!
Democrats,thx 4 slavery, eugenics,Russian uranium,isis,Iran nuke deal and N.Korea etc.. Trump will hav to cleanup after u #stopusefulidiots
No, Senator. This is a time 4 us 2 join as Americans, not belittling the POTUS at a time of national crisis.  U could help join us.
Seriously. What is Congress going to do. This is a world crisis. Trump is going to get us all killed.
Then get that trigger happy idiot out of the White House!!  We knew he was unfit all along - DO SOMETHING!!!!
Myself and another i have seen, said same thing....we need start a hashtag #DoSomething
#DoSomething
Just shut up! You & Obama/Clinton got us here!
For those children bashing previous administrations. NK working towards this since 1950's. Sanctions and negotiate not mad man at helm!
8 years sweetie! Of course beg and sanctions- then big stick! U don't have a clue about negotiations! THEY must believe you!
No! Let's give them more money! DA
@VP and others need to invoke the 25th amendment ASAP
Pls tell Congress not to let @POTUS play bullying Twitter games w NK, drawing US into WW3. His vanity & bs will get a lot of folks killed.
25th Amendment time Chuck!!! It's time.
Letting them get nuclear capabilities was also not a good strategy either.  Thanks Slick Wille and Co.
Yes but talking and doing nothing has done worse over the last 8 years. YOU  own this Chucky and your Dem friends.
Are you running for Pres? I'll vote for you. 
Can you please convince your GOP colleagues to impeach this menace already, before Guam gets wiped off the planet?
Doesn't @POTUS need Congressional approval to attack a country like NK? If so why isn't the leadership speaking out about this.
@realDonaldTrump Doesn't need anybody. He'll do what he wants. All dictators do.
You all need to get back to DC, NOW!  This man is a lunatic!
Trump's "reckless rhetoric" has us on the brink of war. This mad man must be stopped.
So you think that Kim Jong-un is totally sane? Clinton & Obama allowed North Korea to go Nuclear & build ICBMs with help from Iran & China!
Ok How would you Deal with a Privileged Young Man that Killed his Family for Power no Regard & so far has anyone Hear him Personally Speak?
Perfect solution. Gather up all Trump supporters and put them at Korean DMZ. Let them fight for Bigly.
Sure we voted for Trump & will have his Back! The other half of America that created this mess & as usual don't take Responsibility & Whine!
James, I've been patient. You've reached your limit of whining bullshit a person can take. Return to #Cult45. That means bye.
Ok I guess you don't have anymore time or can't think of anymore to say other then nothing! Have a great day! While we Fix Things for You!
So true on NK senator!! Thanks for all you did the last 20 years to prevent it. JOB WELL DONE. Amazed at how fast Trump put us in this spot
What should Trump do Chuck? Have a party with J-Z  and Beyonce' st the Whitehouse and ignore the threat?
Right, bc you and your other moronic colleagues don't use reckless rhetoric
We tried that with clinton did it work?????
#dosomething !
We need level heads not tRump
Go over & visit them Chuckie & tell them you're sorry for our nasty remarks. That's what Barack would do.
Senator I think NOKO Kim got the point clearly from @potus @vp and adminstration. See what your sanctions got us into...shame on Cong/Sen!
What are you and your colleagues doing to stop him? Please do something now!
Seems to be working Chuck.  Diplomacy and bribing NOKO did nothing. Kind of like Iran.
Please stop this incompetent fool. He's going to get us killed.
No...he is your best bet you wont get killed!
I think you mean McCain. You know, the Republican that tanked the crappy healthcare bill.
Can you for once in your life worry about Americans and our country. Not make this stupid statement bc it looks good to your money donor$!!!
A better strategy would be to recall you who gave North Korea nuke opportunity in the 1st place? you've been around a while you and rhinos?
We've been firm for 25 years!  What has it got us, except they now have nukes pointed our way!
Cry Baby Chuck again misguided.  When  will you ever tweet anything of substance.  Dems have done nothing but weaken this country.
We don't need a president having a nuclear Rhetorical query being answered by a rhetorical madman in North Korea. He'll escalate
I've not seen ur public apology or congratulations to POTUS on job well done. He read the situation correctly. I'll be waiting.....
like YOUR failed policies? YOU are part of the problem! Stop whining and earn your YUGE govt salary #MAGA
The US has done nothing for 25 years to stop NK from obtaining nuclear weapons! Your clueless! Let's wait until they hit the US
H Bomb a few 100M off coast CA. Not any attack on US, so OK with Dems even though radiation could B fatal to CA citizens, C if he does first
It's your fault and Obama's fault that they got to this capacity to begin with.  That's what never should have happened!
Not New ..So tell me all your years in office.. where's your success story with NK or do you just like to sit and yell from side lines??
It's time! #NK
@SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @RepJoeKennedy @ChrisMurphyCT @RepJayapal @SenFranken @SenKamalaHarris
I urge Congressional leaders to be proactive and demand a bi-partisan meeting with #POTUS on #NorthKorea as soon as possible. https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/896122310872121344 …
Trump must think that his words will scare him. Save us Chuck!  Don't let Teump take us into war.
U.S. HAS BEEN AT WAR FOR DECADES , OBAMA FOR 8 STRAIT YRS , GIVE UR HEAD A SHAKE .
Started by the President before Obama. Go study your history. And I am shaking my head that you support Trump.
Clinton paid them off not to go nuclear. Epic fail.
Agree and scared.
Having a man who may not be of sound mental capacity with his finger on the trigger should be of imminent importance to ALL of Congress.
If u can them.  lol
Reckless rethorric is what you do for a living.
Uh Don't you mean Trump when you say reckless rhetoric? Are you for real or a bot
America will never be safe as long as @realDonaldTrump remains in office. Congress must do something! Americans are begging!!!
Americans are with him. Libtards are begging, #Trump2020
Actually you and @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats need to step the hell up, save our democracy & stop using this lunatic as a political prop
A party of Chuck Schumer, Nancy Polosi and Maxine Waters , they are the same people? Give me a break! I'll take Trump anytime
You are a fool.
Your name says it all, can't get more ridiculous 
You are a fool.
You are repeating yourself, please come up with something new
I can tell you, Senator, that I myself am *very* uncomfortable with the type of language used earlier today.
Right. Because that worked so well under the previous three presidents.
Seanator Schumer, please help get this dangerous madman out of the White House!!
LOL.. been a long time since u snowflakes seen a real president..find a safe space snowflake, we got this. #Trump2020
We also cannot have #Trump use war as a distraction from the investigation. All the more reason to suspend his presidency.
Really Chuck? Your rhetoric has been reckless for 30 years. Besides, 45's a man of action. 44 was all rhetoric. Red line? #TermLimits
@realDonaldTrump  President Trump for 8 years!!!!
Do you think it was reckless for B.Clinton to give them the Nukes first place? Obama same deal w Iran? Why do Dems want to destroy the U.S.?
Hey Chuckie you have a Better Deal?  I have one!
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @chuckschumer @nancypelosi Both parties must support our President! Non-support is a rally for Kim Jong Un! 
$$;chuck. http://Retire.you  made enough money off of the people. Garbage man is your calling!
Failing politicians like Schumer have a lot of nerve telling the newly democratically elected president how to do his job
Djt is truly unstable and he's going to get a lot of people killed if you don't stop him!
Democrats divided over whether party should welcome pro-life candidates | Better they stay the party of death..
Double speak from the double speak king.

Chuckles the Clown incompetent loud mouth fool!
Good way to cover yourr ass's if Guam is hit. OMG let's divide the country Dems take 1 side GOP  the other & see who survives. #MAGA
Nor is it a strategy to keep the the world safe. I hope the Chinese are leaning on NK. I'm not sure whose leaning on Trump.
Much like your rhetoric as it comes to just about everything!
Trump doesn't have a clue what he is doing putting the world at risk foolishly
Chuck " No Balls " Schumer we have to be firm with NK just a smack on the wrist should do it.
Who thought electing an unemployed game show host was a good idea!?
NOT ME
This blustery rhetoric from the Orange dumpster fire needs to be put in check! No war! I am counting on congress to reign this in!
Too bad they aren't in DC.
I strongly suggest they return immediately!
#FascistDems always the problem never the solution
Now you & Pelosi are just a 'chattering mass nobody wants to hear from' 'astroturf'
Is Congress coming back to Washington?
45 is going to get us all killed. Can't we/you do anything?
NO DUUUUUHHHH!!!...
Chuck - the psychotic personality will try to bring everyone down when they themselves are going down
Keep playing politics people are going to catch on to YOU. Ur approach hasn't worked with North Korea for years. Get behind POTUS!
Stop lying to your misinformed constituents. Start telling them the truth about North Korea and South Korea. They need some history lessons.
Hey Schumer, it's your party that gave way to N Korea to have WMD.  Thanks to your president Clinton!! Always remember that!$
Chucky move with your cronies to NC, BY.
If you know everything,  why aren't you President?
Am super-scared, Senator.  What can you tell us about what is happening?  Can war be averted?
Took you long enough to respond today!
Your a fool tried that for many years talk is over its time for action!!
Yes, you are right, so shut up and let the President do his job.
Deliberate with NK, R u serious? We have been deliberating since WJC was pres, i'd say it is time for wimps like you to sthu & step aside
Here's an example of DEM-Firm
You should be backing The president instead you're on TV looking like a little girl crying about what he said.#political bs
You guys discussing #25thAmendmentNow yet? Stop talking. Start doing. Get this guy out.
Please help us before he gets us all killed!!!
I'd rather Not be a sitting Duck! Obama and your obstructionist ideals is what put America at risk. Too much wasted time crying about losing
Get Trump out of there before he causes a nuclear war. Now!
He is not King or Emperor. Why is the GOP not stopping this madman? Not NK, but Trump! I understand the possible confusion?
Right ... let's wait another 8 years so NK can blow up the east coast too ... cmon, Chuckie, grow a pair!
Maybe we should draw a red line and then do nothing when they cross it.  Should familiar???
Someone needs to stop Trump! He is obviously insane!
No one has been firm and deliberate with North Korea,for decades. Do your job or resign.
Reckless rhetoric-? "but, be firm and deliberate" huh? you need to speak to north korea about "reckless rhetoric"  traitor @FoxNews
Because your way has worked so well,...right Chucky?
Trump was being firm with NK. While Obama talked with NK they built up the nuclear arsenal they now have.
I sure hope you guys are doing something about this. I know you can't tell us everything, but can you tell us something to sleep tonight?
Chuck is out of the loop he doesn't know anything to tell you.
Yeah, I feel safer with President Donald Trump, after 200 days,  than I ever did with your "Red Line", non-enforcing, SWJ joke of a POTUS
You really smart there Chuckles!!
@realDonaldTrump talks as if he isn't sending one of his own kids to defend the words that come out of his mouth. 

Trump has to deal with the results of Clinton and Obamas incompetence. It'll be the same soon with Iran Chucky. Grow up.
His threat makes it appear as though he is willing to risk the lives of millions in order to distract from Russia investigation.
What Would You Do Schumer? Tell The People!
What u & Obama did the last 8 years worked? The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over & over again expecting a differ result
The current occupant is instigating a nuclear war, and McSally and Flake issued no statements in response.
So said the wimp who cried because he was offended by Muslims being banned from coming into the US
Then get your happy asses back to DC and impeach or Article 25 this traitor.
This is why we R VOTING OUT ALL DEMS & GOP & VOTING IN ALL PREZ TRUMPS WHO WORK FOR US EVEN EITHER UR CHAINS& ROPES ON HIM,UR WORTHLESS 2 US
Schumer is expert at pervasive hysteria Trump direct deliberate won't portray USA as little girls! sorry anti testosterone B!TCH£S
PLEASE @SenSchumer get @POTUS under control.  This is CRAZY!  PLEASE work together Senate.

Gosh I truly wish we can put these two lunatics in cage and let them duke it out. Trump has trained for it. USA USA
Chuck how about caring for the American people and back our president. How about using your decades of experience in govt and do something
Just WTH does that mean, Sounds like the last three administrations that got us to this point. No DT fan but time is just about up

No what type of diplomacy is that
Then please refrain and be properly and appropriately silent. You really are embarrassing New Yorkers FAR more than you've a right to.

Your words and actions are only politically motivated and less American daily.  Your part of the mess allowing NK to prepare.
20 years and we are still talking to them. ??
Like Schumer know his a$$ from a hole in the ground and even less about how to deal with N. Korea, he thinks he know more than the Military
#ImpeachTrump NOW!!!!
The longer congress is away allowing this madman to pay"WAR" w/the other madman the worse this is gonna get.
I love how you slight your own President, right after North Korea said they wanted to nuke Guam up.  
Complaining about Trump and glaring at the White House all day?  Working hard Chucky!  #TrumpChicken
Weak ass comment. You shld be on red phone w/ Pence convincing him and cabinet to invoke #25amendmentnow.

Is it possible Trump is willing to start a war to improve his approval and slow down or stop Russia investigation?#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Or Guam.
maybe we should draw more red lines? Then when NK blows up CA you'll say Trump didn't do anything. It's not 2012 anymore.
Kim J is messing with 45's 2 week vacation

Or we could treat the situation the same way Barry did. Smh Why kick the can down the road for when Pence gets elected POTUS in 2024?  #MAGA
What about handing them another $4Billion
Did someone elect YOU to be @POTUS ?? No?? Then  SHUT up & let @realDonaldTrump do HIS JOB! HE will do what's BEST for USA!
Heed your own advice!
Please get this man out of the White House before he gets everyone killed .
Aw, maybe just smack him on the hand and say "cut it out"?
His rhetoric is reckless. It is great and that of a man. Maybe we should use cuck boy obamas language: "you all need to cut that out"
Firm and deliberate? What does that actually mean?
Chuck, take your creepy self to the coast and you sit there and see how it works out for ya. Try talking to NK so he can laugh at you too!!!
After 20 yrs  and over 300 contacts w N Korea, it's time to ACT! The last 20 yrs were reckless rhetoric. Trump had every right to warn them!
During the 8 years of Obama administration all this happen, they are not tougher on North Korea, that make them to have a nuclear weapons
Your English, not good.
Letting them team with Iran to develop nukes is insanity and treason. Don't blame Trump for what you created. You want America weakened.
They just threaten to nuke a U.S. Territory and you calling Trumps reckless rhetoric ? Wtf is wrong with you man !!!
People like Schumer is the reason the world is in such a mess.

Let's just send them uranium money and hugs

That will make em stand down
Yay we have a president with a backbone
Trump Trump Trump trump
You make us look weak trying to play diplomat with psychopaths in North Korea. You make our country look divided you are the problem.
Why is Congress so milquetoast when it comes to dealing with Trump?  Asking for a friend.  #2018midterms

"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." —Hillary
She sold 20% of our Uranium to Putin. She's not the best example of smart nuclear leadership.
please resign now chuck
Are you sir using #Twitter to spread your rhetorical bullshit?  Why I do believe so #PotCallingTheKettleBlack #MAGA
Your passive behavior has been worthless. You would wait until they nuke our citys 1st. Thank God for our President. You should resign chuck
Yes your stance for the last 10 years of letting them do whatever they want really worked Chuck
Well your way didn't work.
Recommendations Chuckie? Maybe @POTUS should obstruct fatboy like you obstruct @POTUS. Dems have no ideas.
@LouDobbs
#MAGA
@TPPatriots
Can we expect a cry-on-demand at any moment also?
Saying, "N. Korea will "face fire and fury like the world has never seen" to an hist. insane enemy will drive us closer to war & destruction
Says the emporer of rhetoric
Reckless rhetoric seems to be tour specialty
Isn't it's the dems i.e. Clinton who gave NK the bomb and 5 billion usd back in the 90s I see that worked out pretty good

Having you as a senator isn't keeping America safe.
No joke. Trump is an impulsive weak leader that can't be trusted with classified intel or foreign policy decisions. IMPEACH NOW. #hardball
And clinton is responsible for this and so is obama...just wait until Iran is ready...I'm not going to be here because I'm old but u R!
Take the nuclear codes out of the hands of this insane man. I'm talking about our president.
