Acting DEA administrator says Trump "condoned police misconduct" in remarks about handling suspects http://wapo.st/2uVyc57 
You do not stand with law enforcement. Your party condones and promotes lawlessness. rioting. blocking traffic. attacking
@washingtonpost lord have mercy! You were off to Europe on tax-payer dole when they needed a leader to show REAL support!
Not when it comes to MS13 who are gang members here illegally and slicing up kids with machetes! They're basically Isis and you support them

Reports who publishing stolen leaked classified information should be charged just like someone in possession of stolened goods it's a Crime
It's amazing how much you're copying MAGA in your lame "better deal". Don't criticize @Potus any more. You're literally copying him.

Are those really their core values though?!
Hey Chuck. Michelle Carter has been trying to text you.
YO CHUCK....this from someone who has NO core values ...your joking right ?????
You stand for nothing, you have never stood for them or the crime would not be as high as it is! TRUTH do you know what that is! NOT
sort of like your Dem Mayor of New York supports law enforcement. Just another democrat lie - and to think I was one for 45 years
Reports who publishing stolen leaked classified information should be charged just like someone in possession of stolened goods it's a Crime
 liar!!!!!!
Sure chuck I mean I know u supported them in 90's but you follow trends broham. And hating cops is a left trend. U lie
You are spouting integrity accountability respect and compassion, well that's a hoot 
Are you for real!  I thought you were a Black Lives Matter sponsor
Wow. Not one core value that describes enforcing the rule of law or serving and protecting victims of crime. When did those go away?
Unless it's an issue of following the law then you want a special investigation when your corrupt actions are at stake.
Jeezus ... it was a speech not a directive.  It was him showing his distaste for a criminals.  I highly doubt anyone changed policy.
I say give them a shot for the VICTIMS !
You r one big bull artist!!!!
That's gotta be about the biggest lie you've ever told.
BLM? Oh BLM? Where are you BLM?
You're such a liar
@washingtonpost When will you learn ?What you call a "Win" for your losing side,you keep losing supporters. Better? Than Great?
What can your side make "Better"? Nothing. Obama blew it, Hillary KILLED your chance
U need an upgrade Sen! Wear glasses that have 1/2bifocal 1/2 clear glass so u aren't peering over 18th century 1/2 glasses! Ur a leader!
Tell your butt buddy deblasio
Welcome aboard the #TrumpTrain Senator Schumer!!
Welcome to Team Trump, Chuck.
Sure u do 
You're a joke Schumer.  Police & law enforcement support Trump.  Not the Dem Cadre of idiocy
“The Trump Administration is enforcing the law and Liberals are ticked off.” - Rush Limbaugh
Words are cheap. Your actions and associations prove otherwise
Chuck, why did you sit quietly and let our last President publicly tear them down then? #TermLimits
Shit is getting deep I better get my muck Boots on  you can't have it both ways Chuck u. Lying s.o.b
Omg lie after lie.
Chuck stop lying.
Like you did with EricHolder and Obama  during the riotsYou encouraged? You personally Chuck accused police of brutality and discrimination
Don't believe anything out of Lyin' ASSHAT CHUCK SCHUMER's asscrack of a mouth.
He is an embarrassment to all loyal & patriotic AMERICANS.
forever the instigator.  All you do is churn controversy rather than promote solutions
I do not believe the President of the US would ever condone police brutality.  It would be great if RESPECT was shown to POTUS.
No you don't.
Haha, Democrats have no ideas so they steal the platform of the guy they said would ruin the country. What a bunch of losers!
Trump is mentally unfit, intellectually and psychologically. He acts like someone with dementia. Persuade Republicans to make him resign.
And yet you consistently side with BLM who have made it very clear they are at war with our boys/girls in blue. FLIP FLOP CLOWN
Says the same man who supports a liberal mayor Bill Deblasio and advocates for sanctuary cities once again more hypocrocy
WAPO is Jeff Bezos smear news of Trump. #WAPODisingenous
Then why dont you have any of those traits?
Right! U dont stand w/any police especially if they bust an illegal immagrant. God forbid they do their job and call ICE. There goes a vote.
Ignorant.
When you gonna start Chuck? Your obstruction is hurting a lot of people and criminal!
Yet you're a Dem, and they support #BLM. Who are you fooling here?????
Trump is honest and a realist. Hes not a fake liar like you. He has compassion for victims not criminals. Unlike you who only cares 4 a vote
Hey Chuck Trump...I mean...Schumer...boy I'm getting you guys confused spouting same rhetoric... @SenateDems @SenateGOP @POTUS
Dude!!!!! What next, run as a Republican next term? Lol, I love how Trump has sent u dems into a histairacl wiplash.
Did you Google those definitions? Because you don't stand for them.
How about enforcing the illagal aliens laws!!!!
Oh good Chuck, then I expect you2 stop being an obstructionist gangsta against @POTUS and you want to lead again& stop disrespecting @POTUS
Tell us the "core values" of DC police pumping 17 bullets into an unarmed, confused housewife with a kid in the car.
This account has got to be hacked.
Why do you always look for division?  You never answer serious questions leading me to believe you are a coward.
Baloney.
the post lied about what the president said.The police corrected the post on http://this.You  don't support the police you hate them
Yes we see how NY supports law enforcement with your sanctuary city policy!
Obama ran up $10 trillion in new debt 
 @SenSchumer tells @GOP they get zero votes for any deficit funded tax cuts=schumer is a hypocrite
You don't know where you stand. All you do is lie cheat and steal.
Criminals give up there rights when they commit a crime
Now why don't you begin respecting the rule of law? Schmuck
There is still too much police brutality! I'm not a bleeding heart, but watch YouTube! Disgusting.
I must have missed this day being 'National Pander to Voters Day'
You need to lighten up! It's only good for your nutball party to wanna do horrific things to our @POTUS&I don't see any of you saying a word
Liar
No you dont if you did where was your voice last year when the cops in dallas and other area were http://killed.You  only stand for U
It is clear that you are against The president  instead of being for American citizens!
Then why do you support? BLM & fry them like bacon, kill all cops, etc.
Washington post is trash reporting - trump stands with our people in blue - give me a break
Chuck stands with criminals
Hard to believe you Stan for anything little man. #PovertyPimp
You didn't  over the past 8yrs why now ???
Elections
(2) a while to find body parts.did you know the faces of kids bashed in with bats and crow bars were unrecognizable?
Lies lies and more lies. Say one thing and do another. Just ask the law enforcement people. Next you will be saying you support veterans lie
(1)did you know he met with the parents of kids who were hacked to death with machetes?  The kids bodies were picked up in pieces..took LE
Gonna call bullsh** on that one chuck. You and your useless party does not support law enforcement. You're in bed with cop hating BLM
Get rid of that guy
You are such a liar last 8 you have only followed laws you liked
Where were you sch when the racist group BLM were calling for the death of police . Silence is telling. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
Yeah right!!!
And your point is? That is simply being an American. In America we should follow all the laws. Like immigration for example.
Cut the crap Chucky! U caused IndyMac Bank Failure, set off a Bank Panic that caused the economic collapse
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck
We the people deserve better from you and the dems and Rinos!
Hopefully every person reading this remembers everything you've been saying since January. You r disgusting
Bull Chucky!! Fake Senator
Gee Chuck...did you take an "I'm With Trump" pill today?????
BS stopping trying to say Trump implied something he did not
Get a life
Copying Trump? I dont blame you guys, hes a winner.
You only stand with someone who would benefit you.
You take yourself way too seriously.
Washington post will say anything to try and make this president look bad. The truth is the Post is corrupt
FUSION GPS, Amran Awan, Debbie Wasserman Shultz... do you stand behind corruption Senator?
And you should come against violence their brutality that leads to murder
And law enforcement has cost us multi Millions if not billions in settlements, trials
U lie so much u will  in hell!
Ha ha ha. You make me laugh, Clown
Senator you should at least be reserved before all this praise is communicated we have to see a CHANGE in our law enforcement conduct
Dear Lord, he was speaking about MS13!!  The worst of the worst criminals in OUR country. No way incited violence.
Now that u realize it's popular ur with law enforcement Tomorrow BLM will call u out & u will say BLM is righteous HYPOCRITE
No he didn't I heard the speech remarkable how things can be twisted
Really, I don't believe you.
THE REAL @SenSchumer A Communist!
STOP THE BS, WE STAND WITH THE POTUS who was jesting. Not advocating what you're insinuating. This is why you will lose again! #MeanSpirited
It's not about winning or losing it's about integrity and being truthful to the American people
You're sounding more Republican everyday.
He's trying to get more voters. Dems lie like this until after elections, then go right back to their corrupt ways.
You also let MS-13 run wild in ur backyard by not drafting comprehensive immigration policies
You and Andy broke HIPA laws with the blessing of the state troopers! Yea like 5 years ago, did you forget?
Maybe you do maybe you don't but it's obviously politcally motivates which everyone sees
Distorting again
BS, the Democratic party has always been anti police
Or go after Clinton Comey Lynch Rice Holder Obama And all the other treasonous individuals
The same law enforcement that u fought not to let them do their job with illegal immagration? U stand behind them when it suits ur propose
Fire him
Mueller is just collecting a paycheck
Really you stand for what looks good nothing more!
He never said that
DEMOCRATS THINK THEY ARE ABOVE THE LAW JUST TAKE A LOOK AROUND YOU CHUCK HILLARY CLINTON  BEN RHODES SUSAN RICE
@washingtonpost @markberman  bahahahahaha. Why the 360 change in message
Because he gets charged for interfering with kids otherwise
Mr Schumer. The president has been the only one to stand up and support law enforcement. You and Dems tied their hands. Quit lying.
Soon to be former administrator of the DEA. Appointed Acting Administrator of the (DEA) on May 13, 2015 by Loretta Lynch
You have no idea what integrity, accountability, respect or compassion even means!  #corruptdemocrats
That's right

Odd...they all want to stand you up against a wall. You are the reason for crime ...just like wilhelm. NY should put you on the street.
So you FINALLY agree with @POTUS @realDonaldTrump who has ALWAYS supported our police?
Don't believe you care about law enforcement. Don't believe anything you say.
He was making a joke. Even police behind him laughed. To bad you folks got your undies in a twist
@SenSchumer do have any original ideas
You are plagiarizing @POTUS
Do you believe in a party litmus test against police brutality? Just curious what principals you believe are negotiable as party leadership.
U stand for nothing except for your pockets
Voye No on Sam Clovis
Vote No on Sam Clovis
BULLSHIT Chuck!!U have already proven otherwise. You stand w/Illegals/Islam/Democrats and anybody else that'll accept bribes. #Bad for USA
Lol.. same dnc that help propagate a lie of racist cops murdering black people that directly resulted in over a dozen dead cops.
But u hand cuff them when it comes to dealing with crime. Your a fraud.
You would have never said this if DJT had not said something inappropriate. Such hypocrisy.
I bet they don't stand with you!
Who are you and what happened to Chuck Schumer?
Desperately trying to be relevant.
So, Mr Schumer, how long before trump fires him?

Fascism is a republican thing.
Wow Senator you haven't seen the videos of Eric Garner or Sandra Bland. It's not Integrity or honor or self-control or being peace officers
Wow, Paul, I've encountered a lot of whack jobs in here, but you, sir, get the golden booby prize of all stupidity.
or do you stand with diblasio u seemingly can't do both
I am not sure I believe what the Senator just tweeted; he seems to have little regard for anything except trying to hurt the President
Must be a new experience for you
Well you know Sen U should at least stand by until they prove that 2stand with law enforcement after u seen the videos of the brutality
Didn't see Chucky standing with law enforcement during the rioting and burning down of business?
And I stand with YOU!
TY Chuck!
You also stand with Trump, since Schumer's aping his entire platform now
You're a Democrat, so you support blacks resisting arrest.
