I don't believe there is anyone filled with more hate than Schumer, he shouldn't even represent illegals as he does.
Bwhahaha!!
#Draintheswap Schumer over paid,#MAGA #TrumpTrain
Chuckie chasing votes again. Bullshit comes in many different languages
What?


No habla, you Commie.
Por favor, renunciar. eres una vergüenza para nuestro país   Or in English :Please resign. you are a disgrace to our country

$20,165,466,677,134.71 (+) #NationalDebt
I support the Dreamers they should  immediately be made citizens.. But the Dreamers should stop displaying the Mexican flag during a protest
How come I recently see schumer posting in spanish, coming up for re election?
We send our best & brightest to DC, Obamacare failing, RNC plan no good. Is this the best we can do, have you tried talking to each other.
Hmm. In America we speak English.
There's no official language, get out. It's only the common language that's it.
what did you say to the steel coal auto worker when you put them out of work...
Hello??? English is the language we speak in America

Douchebago

Senator u live in America and we speak ENGLISH our choice!
No me gusto cerdo
Schumer is speaking to his base, hope New Yorkers are smart enough to see it when they go to the polls.
Chuck, u sound racist only pandering 2 Spanish speakers. Send a tweet in Chinese, Korean, French, Italian, guess they don't make up ur base
Por favor, renunciar.
You do know your not a Senator in Mexico? But Russian might be better for you since your a Commie.
Can't say it in english? Are we in a spanish speeking country?
MAGA.
El US o broko. Send dinero.
English clown boy, with a small "b" Small man
You will be fired next go around.U r out 4 ur own agenda, not the AMERICAN people!
Are we in America hey chuckie we speak English here remember oh u r a political hack right
.@SenSchumer eres una prostituta mentirosa y complaciente que vendió tu alma al diablo.
Nuestro cuidado de salud es un DESASTRE because OBAMA!!!
right chucke like u can speak spanish
If your constituents would learn English like Americans you would not have to communicate in Spanish.
Chuckie is running for office in Mexico.
Trump is looking for a "2 fer" deal.
He will keep 2 good illegals if Mexico will take any Democrat.
If these people you are comunicating with were legal they wouldn't need the Spanish version. They would translate the english version.
ENGLISH is language of America why do u find it necessary to post in Spanish? if u are trying to b inclusive what about italian, german etc
Speak English ,stop pandering to illegals.
I know this might surprise you but being born in America, I only speak English. I cant understand your post and I will not translate.
Should not have to translate Chuck.
speak english
Sí usted es correcto. En este momento nuestros líderes no tienen los nervios para votar por #MedicareForAll
Medicare, the govt healthcare insurance program that is mandatory for everyone working to purchase…
but not mandatory for Drs to accept.
You Oughta move to Mexico where the citizens can understand you
Speak English we are in the u s or don't you know
move to mexico chuckie,none want you here

.@SenSchumer refuses to back #MedicareForAll but voted to spend another $700 million of OUR MONEY on bombs and murder https://twitter.com/ap/status/909912774465277952 …
Senador, #trumpcare ya no es el problema. trump es el problema; es un idiota y peligroso a las vidas de millones. No la salud - las vida!!!
Are you addressing DACA/Illegals  recepients ○How that work out for Nancy Pelosi.  
No les crees nada lo que este hombre te dice
¿por qué no explicar los detalles de trump care y dejar de mentir como si mintió sobre el cuidado de Obama
This is America use English. Panderer
Method to His Madness
"President" said "OK , I'll GiveLet Them Find Out Hard Way Why Repealed DACA"
Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer/Take That
Are you addressing DACA/Illegals  recepients ○How that work out for Nancy Pelosi.  
No les crees nada lo que este hombre de dice
Go GOP!!   SI SE PUEDE!!!!
Since ALL DOCUMENTS/LAWS that govern your official capacity are in English, you would think any official business conducted would be also?

Speak English we are an English speaking country. Let them learn English
Press 1 for English Chuckles!!!
#cryingChuck
Pretty obvious who you're representing and it's NOT America! I encourage you to do your entire campaign in Spanish, in Mexico.
REPEAL, REPEAL, REPEAL
we speak ENGLISH here we are not in mexico got it schumer ??????
Move to somewhere they speak this gibberish.
only an anti American liberal who believes free stuff for votes out weight the pain and suffering of American taxpayers who pay!
Translated:  "This is a red alert moment, prepare to be deported to your own country.   Our cities are filled with you."   - Chuck Schumer.
Keep those 3rd world voters happy, old man. You speak their language so well.
English chucky, english!!!
Everything Chuck Schumer said "wouldn't happen", happened after the 1986 Amnesty.
Necesitamos Trumpcare es vital para todos ciudadanos!!!
Why is it you refuse to fight for Americans, yet you'll fight for illegals 
No single payer. No Obamacare

You're as laughable in Spanish as you are in English. Too bad you don't care about American citizens. Your motto: criminals before citizens!
Isn't it sad when in the United States of America you need to send out tweets in Spanish.
I don't care what language used, I can't trust @SenSchumer to protect my family and my livelihood. He is just wrong for New York residents
Are you addressing DACA/Illegals  recepients ○How that work out for Nancy Pelosi.  
No les crees nada lo que este hombre de dice
Estás tan lleno de ti mismo, niño, consigue una vida, porque vamos a pasar Trumpcare y eliminar la pesadilla de Obamacare
Estás tan lleno de ti mismo, niño, consigue una vida
Oh no. They took over Pelosi in CA and Schumer in NY.  Sad.  Sanctuary cities
Resistiendo de nuevo!
INVESTIGATE SCHUMER AND PELOSI FOR CORRUPTION - BECAME MILLIONAIRES OFF PUBLIC SALARIES.
¡usted no cuida sobre la clase media!
JUST SAY NO TO ALT-LEFT WACKO DEMOCRATS
THIS IS AMERICA, SPEAK ENGLISH.  YOU ARE NOT IN A SPANISH SPEAKING COUNTRY.  YOUR PANDERING IS LAUGHABLE.  #SCHUMERCARE #PELOSICARE
#Democrat Senator Bob #Menendez of #NewJersey #NJ to face trial on bribery and corruption charges on Sept 6th.
#Florida #Democrat Representative reached a verdict: guilty on 18 out of 22 charges filed against for #corruption.
