These hardworking #DREAMers & their contributions are vital to our economy & biz who will be hurt if this order stands.
The human & economic toll of rescinding #DACA will be far reaching. Dems will do all we can to prevent @POTUS' order from becoming reality.
Your not ending so stop with your lies it just being revamped
You had over 30 years in congress to do something. You Chuck Schumer are a FAILURE!
Schumer, you either take action to remove him from office or you are no better than he is. Don't be a coward. Stand up.
Worked hard?  You mean crossed illegally
How bout kids who were brought here as babies, by their parents who haven't committed a crime? Crickets??? Yeah thought so. #MASA
ILLEGAL IS JUST THAT...ILLEGAL....I LOVE LIBERAL TEARS
Then #DeportMelania as well. You do know she was an undocumented worker, don't you?
It's Congress's job to pass a law! It was an illegal EO. Get to work with Republicans and pass something that woryfor America. Do your job.
Who you gonna get to vote democrat now Chucky?
Not only heartless but stupid.Dreamers contribute, pay taxes, serve in military. Short-sighted: having 800K educated w/ American values 1/
Immigration policy last 25 years, they stayed here, became American in all but the paperwork, now GOP wants to throw that investment away 3/
Hey Schummer , How about the American dreamer.Piss on the illegals Americans first not illegal dreamers.
U got 6 months,,thats about 20 working days for u bums ,,,get started
U could do us all a favor and leave urself  that would ease some of the discomfort!!
Quit crying and make it law.
Everybody knows how heartless you are missed Schumer your days are numbered
How can you effectively serve in the Senate when you clearly despise the rule of law? How to legally come here:
I suggest Congress get their act together and come up with some bipartisan immigration reform bill pronto.
It is getting illegal immigrants to pay taxes and become citizens of America. Paying for college and become like all Americans workers
Abomination.
Prove to me they are Americans.
Please, explain to me. Do they really have to leave? Isn't it possible to stay on same conditions as others? #DACA
#DACA granted us the ability to work and not fear deportation. Now we won't be able to work and must fear leaving the only country we know.
Not if Congress does their job and finds a legal permanent solution for you.
Not holding my breath. Still waiting to hear their plan on Obamacare.
The clock is ticking. That should  motivate them to work together.
A house divided against itself cannot stand
Send the whole family back to Mexico Then you won't have to rip them apart
Unless you're an American Indian how about we send you back to where you came from
I am an American Indian (Lakota Sioux) @SenSchumer stays! And DACA members as well.
Read the Constitution! Obama created the mess. Trump is correct. A legislative policy. If it was an issue you are against you would whine.
No I'm an advocate I have in past and will currently keep strong dialogue with my members of Congress. I change issues not whine about them.
They've had five years,with a democratic congress and have done nothing on Daca,all this protesting is pure Bull,not Sitting either
Well Congress has until March 5, 2018 let's see what they draft up.
Do you really think they will,they will let it drag,they had 5years,democrats did nothing with Obama in office,ask them why they waited?
Fine.  They stay and their parents are deported, and can then get in line.
Do know that you are a Senator and you could have a drafted a law to make DACA permanent before today? You are useless.
Follow the law and the Constitution Chuckie. And once again your focused on anything BUT NEW YORK STATE!!
This cretin stands out from the hips
We aren't ripping families apart. They can all leave together! Problem solved!
why didn't you nitwits pass immigration in 2010 when you controlled everything? that's right you didn't care back then
Familiar.  This is what happened during slavery when families were separated. This time different group. Nobody doing anything to stop it.
"Compassion" is not an excuse 2 break the law. "Hard Work" is not the pre-requisite for legal citizenship! We R a nation of LAWS.
By that logic Donald Trump should have been in jail years ago.
ya, ya...we're talking about people entering the US illegally and you change the subject to Trump hating. Typical.
END DACA!...Penality for illegal...DO IT LEGAL..YOU HAVE HAD YEARS AND YEARS to DO IT LEGAL! Penality!
Being illegal has consequences. Illegals are not citizens nor are they above the law.
Stand up and fight for what's right.Who else is he going to get rid of. Enough is enough
it's unconstitutional . Do your job and pass a bill for a reasonable plan. stop blaming trump for Obamas bullshit.
Typical gutless move by the worst President in American History.
Forcing Congress to do their job and legislate a permanent fix isn't heartless or gutless. It's called leadership.
Congress needs to do their jobs and make a law, period. Let's put it to bed
Why don't you see if you guys can get something done to help
Worked Hard?? NO, they took shortcuts!! People who came in legally & followed the strenuous process WORKED HARD!! Get your facts right.
AMERICAN are people of a legal status, not illegal.  How stupid can you be.  Stop listening to Hillary and become a real American.
Isn't it your job to make laws Chuck aren't you the legislators
Orrrr, the parents come here legally then there wouldn't be an issue.
Here you go Chuck.
https://twitter.com/mattatat138/status/871777362861596672 …
Keep up the GREAT work!  Fans of liberty, human rights, justice, support you all the way. Muchissimas gracias!
If DJT doesn't like #dreamers then find way 2 make HIM leave. Disclosing tax returns would do it.  Few more powerful than U sir!
Daca is illegal and against the Amerian people
Then we need to do something in Congress. Help the dreamers!
It was your ole buddy OBAMA that you supported that got us here in the first place Chucky.
It was unconstitutional. Period. Obama did NOT have the authority to write immigration law. You want to change it? Write new law
Just stop you big phony!  We got your number. No more illegals votes for Dems.
This was the Democrats ponzi scheme...I bet you cried crocodile tears for the cruelty directed at Maddoff's children as well.
I have  students  in tears that fall under DACA. What  do I  say to them? This is a heartless  act.
Tell them the truth. Congress won't do their job and legislate a solution. Let them write letters to Congress.
@SenSchumer why don't you give all your net worth to help out #daca affected #illegals and maybe then you'll have an ounce of credibility
Then have the courage, work with republicans and pass a law!  Trump will sign, he has "pen in hand!"
https://www.facebook.com/WomenForTrumpMovement2/videos/506636966337937/ …
#Franken2020
it is heartless to force taxpayers to pay for DACA food stamps,medicaid,free schooling. this is cruel to taxpayers
...You care because it is politically expedient - We, the People, are NOT BLIND or STUPID...
-What about the dreams of our children. As you demand higher and higher Taxes to fund the Dreams of illegals?
So afraid of losing those votes. You don't give a damn about anybody . Be honest for a change. The LAW was broken by OBama and you let it!
How's it ripping anything? Shouldn't parent & children go together?
If you stop supporting illegals and focus on poor Americans you might one day become a good American
Hey you are a leader in the Senate. Stop complaining and do something like help get s bill passed. You know , do your job and follow the law
We have 100's of 1000's of illegals. Why are they working toward becoming  Americans? Why are they burning our flag? Why crime?
THEY send their money HOME by the WESTERN UNION! @SenSchumer
"Ripping apart" families that knowingly broke the law.  Can't feel too sorry for them.
Seeking a better life for their CHILDREN! Again, CHILDREN!
I came here at 9 months old with a valid I-94. Ending DACA now means I can't work or pay taxes. Now how is Trump going to build a wall.
No. It means Congress now must act.  Stop kicking this issue down the road.  Obama did you no favors.  I-94 <> residency
Never said I94=Residency. But it means legal entrance. Obama allowed me to legally work, now Trump is trying to take that away.
No. Trying to get Congress to act.  Your parents over stayed, blame them
No. Called an end to the policy and is giving Congress a chance to replace it, putting 800,000 in a legal limbo.
Well they obviously didn't work that hard to be citizens if they didn't get a citizenship.
Ignorant much? Tell us what the immigration process was like for you.
Did I say it was easy. The original claim is that it that they worked hard. The legal process is hard work they did not do.
How do you know what "they" did or didn't do? What doors were closed on them? What hearings were delayed? What paperwork was "lost".
I can't believe we elected this jerk he's tearing this country apart we need him out of here
#DACA was unconstitutional. Trump put this ball back in Congress where it belongs so #DoYourJob Chucky
They don't want the responsibility! They have been kicking this can down the road for decades! Time to hold their feet to the fire!
Agree! #Congress @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems  Modus operandi is Kicking can down the road.
What can be done? What can we the people do short of waiting for midterm elections and marching in the streets?  Feel helpless.
If any families torn apart, blame parent who brought them in illegally
Chucky, Americans know the law & what a legal American is. But U keep supporting these criminal illegals. All U Dems do is support criminals
Chuck!  This is the responsibility of CONGRESS!!! Should have had a law in place ages ago, why haven't you done it yet???? Get moving!
If they're Americans they have nothing to worry about #DACA
They are not Americans, they are illegals.difference you know.fool.
You are traitor who supports foreigners while you kick Americans in the teeth. #CivilWar
THAT'S A BIG FAT LIE-CHUCKY
We also see how heartless it is for you to do nothing too help except complain you do nothing for anyone except illegal aliens
Liar  https://twitter.com/dropthe_mic/status/904861070690586624 …
Americans also know that U R doing absolutely nothing 2 help actual Americans. U spend every waking min helping every1 else bside Americans.
Democrat leaders care more about USING illegal immigrants for votes! Not about American people! They USE them! Ask them to pass laws for-
For us All! More Passing a law or two! Less breaking the laws we have!
Enforcing laws and taking care of our citizens before illegals is not heartless. How about all those homeless AMERICAN kids & Vets??
Americans know the difference between legal & illegal. End of discussion.
How about putting Americans first, for a change, old man? We know "dreamers" vote Democrat. We know your real motive. Votes for Democrats!
#DoYourJob.You want to be majority leader then earn it. Stop waiting for the courts to bail you out
Thank you, sir. What steps will you be taking?
They have served proudly in our military! Would guess not one trump deplorable ever served!
That's not what was said, of course, dems lie or can't read. Which is it?
Wrong.  We are glad it's ending. #MAGA
You have the power to change it by passing a bill that will make them legal. The ball is in your court as it should be.
Tell us about the con law prof who rules with a pen and phone. You phony.
Cry me a river chucky...
Another unlawful act u want to whine about,  let congress make the laws, not the Dimms
What fucking "ripped families apart" was unlawful foreclosure. Never saw a Democrat supporting Americans born & raised here. 
#DACA
Chuck, not supporting legal immigration is a corruption you wish to have overlooked. You need the constituency because you are desperate
Orange AssClown doesn't care. He thinks he's the Messiah of Nazis.
Where is Barrack when we need him??
He's a treasonous heartless POS!!!
It was your job to take care of this a long time ago. You really owe us a lot of money by getting paid to do nothing.
"Illegal immigration harms americans, particularly minorities". Barack Obama, 2007. @SenSchumer @randydeabay
#DACA only effects the invaders who broke the law. why do you hate those who follow the rules? SorosianLeft
This is horseshit. These are adults in their 20's had time to apply for citizenship #DACA

To the #EVIL AG #JeffSessions ... Contrary to your APPALLING  #DACA statement, there is NO #CollectiveWisdom in the #EVIL #Trump WH 
. @SenSchumer rmmbr you said People Enter US w/o Our Permission R Illegal & Shldn't B Treated Same As Those Who Do?

https://youtu.be/fSGP30ZlduM 
if they worked hard to be Americans they would have citizenship. Both my mother and grandmother got citizenship #doitlegally
Senator they should all go through the same process we all went through to stay here.
Send all illegal immigrants back.  Stop wasting our taxpayers money on illegal immigrants. Then build the wall. Chuck do you job obay laws.
You need to get up from your ass and do your job with your colleagues and pass a logical law to legalize immigration in this country,
Again, you whine and complain but continue to do nothing.
Constant complaining!
https://twitter.com/AMike4761/status/905114958966513664 …
https://twitter.com/tatobin2/status/905118568806834177 …
https://twitter.com/tatobin2/status/905110507279056897 …

Last one takes the cake. Hell with DACA. Get in line like others.
Since THE LAW means nothing to you, how do you expect to call yourself a Senator? I'm embarrassed and ashamed that you represent me.
Gee, you might have to do your job! Make it permanent for them so they aren't in limbo. How hard is that?
Please tell us that the Congress and Senate are doing something about this draconian administration before they destroy the country!!
Is the law. Now you in d senate n congress has to bring a fair package for them n Americans. Stop the anger. Time to go to work
Do it the right way by passing a bill in Congress.
You're too quick to forget. You've been sitting on ur dead ass doing nothing go way too long
https://youtu.be/FR0IK35DoJQ 
It was illegal from the start and never should have happened. Lawlessness is over.
Cmon That's nonsense and you know it
Do your job
#DACA
Forget the fact that the parents of these DACA kids entered the U.S. illegally placing their children at risk! Not out citizens deport now
What laws did the Dems pass in the prior 8 years to avert this situation?  Remember DACA is not law.

Congress makes laws What laws are in place now Senator?
Not ripping any families apart. The parents are going too
It's soulless.
Who cares about American Laws, Right? Treasonous statements
If those poor little dreamers were so important why didn't @SenateDems pass legislation to protect them in 2009-2010??
That's why you lost the election.  You care more for illegals than you care for Americans.   Democrats children have dreams.   No amnesty
Enforcing laws isn't "heartless". It was heartless for Obama to use and abuse people with illegal promises.
Bummer.  So is taking contraband off of thieves who need it.
if they worked hard to become americans then they should understand that if you are here illegally then you are breaking the LAW period.
Schumer is not willing to pass a permanent solution for DACA.  Instead he complains!  Go pass something and stop being obstructionist
Chuckles, their families are free to leave with them. Becoming an American means doing it the Legal way.
No Chucky. Americans know that DACA is unconstitutional. Which you seem to know NOTHING about !!
There is a LEGAL way to do it. Our laws were written for a reason.
Senator Schumer, you and the Democrats (my party) need to do something.  ANYTHING.  Platitudes are easy.
What's a fair solution thats also fair to people who came legally? Register, in school, have a job, no crime-solutions, no criticism please.
I can honestly understand why Trump has a hate for them: they are respectful of minorities, work hard, and are honest - everything he isn't!
Finally something Chuck and I actually agree on! Don't punish kids for the crimes of parents. But it can't be extended to future entries!
Schumer is your appeal to authority?? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! ! !
Why can't there be "legal" process to this?
Do your job and stop blaming Trump. Your side had the president and senate and didn't fix this then. Fix it now
They need a path to citizenship!
Heartless is lying to innocents like you and Obama did that they would achieve citizenship.
AG Sessions: We are people of compassion, we are people of law...There is nothing compassionate about failure to enforce immigration laws. 
Family take kids, no separation. Work hard for their own countries.
So how about less words and more action chief?
What part of "they are in the US illegally" do you not understand?  Or that DACA is not constitutional?
You all new that o bummer could not change the law and he did this for many illegal reasons. Guess who he hurt!
You have six months to fix it - but have had over 20 years to help homeless vets - but have done nothing - just resign
He's just telling the Senate to get off its collective ass and do its job. Cooling saucer my patoot. Don't want to lose votes!
Hey dopey, Trump didn't say he was ending DACA. He said you idiots on the hill would end it if you didn't work together. #sickofcommucrats
Betting Congressional racists will do nothing about the Executive Branch racists.  Our system of Gov is dead. #DACA
DACA was unconstitutional.  Stop with the Leftist race-baiting rhetoric.  Congress, under Obama, did nothing to authorize DACA.
But you did nothing about it when you had the chance, did you? Loser.
45 doesn't care about that. Talk to him in the dollars and cents it will cost the country and the government.
Instead of democrats obsession with abetting breaking laws! Why don't you give passing laws a try? You people are useless!
It was heartless for Obama to give these people false hope and encourage illegal immigration.
What actions are YOU doing Senator to protect US from this racist immoral unlawful admin? #ImpeachTrump #corruption #bribery
I want 2 see the executive order that states everything the press secretary has stated. He had to sign other ones to reverse, but not this 1
You're misrepresenting DACA. It's not ripping families apart or any of the crazy things you say it's doing. Tell it right or shut up.
Don't talk about it, GET TO WORK!! FIX IT!!
IT WAS AN ILLEGAL ACTION you Twit! They have NOT said they have to leave, YOU & Congress have 6 months to get this right!!
I wish the Idiot would leave and take all his followers with him!!!
How come you and other ones did not fixed back to obama so we don't have this problem now ?
Then YOU shoulda done something 4 #DREAMers when YOU had super majority congress + WH. You're only whining now #Dems #failure, YOUR FAILURE
Protect the Constitution as you swore to do.  Stop playing politics with these illegal immigrants.
Make DACA a constitutional amendment! Don't let @SpeakerRyan and @SenMajLdr screw up the lives of so many good people! #ImpeachTrump
Our president's correct 2 follow constitution.  Do what you should have done in 2009, legalize DACA, Y did your 3 gov't parts not do this?
You're just mad because we're tearing up your agenda you don't care about them you care about their vote
When does the rule of law apply?  Tell me what laws we are allowed to break!
ask Trump. He just pardoned a person convicted of several federal crimes, but now he says we should respect rule of law
Schumer you and CONGRESS. DO YOUR JOB NOW. OR QUIT
When will impeachment proceedings begin? After Trump dismantles the rule of law? After he alienates all allies & gets us nuked? #ImpeachNOW
The most important thing we need to do now is to set term limits for career politicians like you.
