and if you have the time, urging the House to start #impeachment proceedings ...
On what grounds?  You can't IMPEACH a President just because he's doing things you don't like.
But thanks for the civics lesson.
I wish I could talk to Dems supporters like you face to face. One on one.  I'd give you  Civics lessons you'd never forget.
Anytime you want to visit San Francisco, let me know.
Oh gawd.  San Francisco.  You're one of Pelosi's and Feinstein's supporters.  I can see why you have NO comprehension of Civics.
presumptuous on every count here. but go on and delight yourself. also, be sure to make it personal. always.
Personal?  WHAT are you talking about?  What?  You're the one who's Presumptuous.  I love talking to you Democrat supporters.
With all your obstruction it's hard to see it as "jam through" Chuck. Work with Trump. Do it for our children. Open competition for us all!!
I work with students having severe disabilities. I see the toll it takes on their families. CHIP is essential.
But that would require the @SenateGOP to care about live born children, rather than just just the unborn.
Only the fetus never@the child
Truth be told, not even the fetus. It's merely a political point they use to play to their base. They don't care about anything but $$$
YOU "RAMMED" through Obamacare.
Now we pay cash for doctors, have no insurance and wait weeks for appointments.
Why aren't you on Obamacare?
"JAM THROUGH"-IS THAT ANYTHING LIKE O'BAMA CARE WAS HANDLED?
Its not Trumpcare boob
How many times are you going to bribe John McCain to stop the disastrous ObamaCare which WILL implode in yr 2018. Work for America for once.
Blue Cross came out against the bill today they probably have read it? Plus they are provider so I'm with them!
NO, the Senate should be impeaching tramp!
YESSSSS!!!!  How far does this sh*tshow have to go????
They won't, Chuck. The Kochs & Mercers & the 1% own the GOP.  They call the shots, not the elected nor the people. It's all about $.  BAD!
Absolutely.
Why aren't you asking the people for ideas on how to improve the ACA? We should be involved in all legislation. New rules
That would require Congress to care about children.
https://www.zazzle.co.uk/z/y1ya0?rf=238499302032638869 …
GET OFF YOUR ASS & DO SOME WORK INSTEAD OF CRYING ALL THE TIME,MILLIONS OF UNINSURED AMERICANS ARE DYING BECAUSE OF YOU! YOU'RE FIRED!!!
What is your agenda? Really.
RETIRE!
Quit partying in the Hamptons with these fucks and we might believe you're on the people's side.
How about y'all not Waive yourselves from this like the Obama Care plan you Rammed through without being able to read it! Dumbass...
again we forgot adults
@NiravaSara 
These corrupt complicit in treason against America with pukin n dt r dishonest n should be removed from their jobs!
Why the hell aren't u guys helping? U R no good
CHIP is a worthless political ploy.  Are you going to "pull an Al Gore" and make public appeals using paid children as your background?
Chip provides health care to children that's "worthless "?
GOES AROUND COMES AROUND SHORT MEMORIES
Jamming it through was exactly how Obamacare happened. I presume your suggesting that was a bad thing?! Should not have been done?
NOT.Tons of hearings, negotiations & time on ACA.None of this 90 seconds of debate with no amendments bullshit. #VoteNo #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Who was debating? It was created by Big Health. And was entirely partisan. And rammed through by one party. Where do you get this idea?
Congress,the American people. Big Pharma had too big an influence, but ACA can be fixed. This bill will cause untold chaos, pain, deaths.
@SenSchumer #chuckandnancy POTUS need a real POTUS win strengthening ObamaCare sounds like a great POTUS win... #giveittohim...what u say..
Best I remember Obamacare was jammed through to the point you had to pass it to see what was in it
Instead of authorizing billions in increased military spending Democrats should be fighting for #MedicareForAll! Get on board or step aside!
That bill isn't being voted on rn, rn We are trying to defeat Repubs  trumpcare bill.
To win, we must take an assertive posture instead of only playing defense against attacks. Schumer hasn't backed the bill yet. He needs to.
You do realize the R's are in charge of all 3 houses.... Right??? Try voting D's in 2018 & maybe we can get that....
We need a compelling, positive vision for the future to gain the power to do anything. Constantly playing defense never gets the goods.
If we're not in charge then it won't matter what vision you have!
Shut up
Yeah ' cause socialism works really well everywhere it's tried!
Or sending aid to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands...
Wait, what?  You jammed through the passage, don't complain if the repeal gets jammed though too.  

It's called Karma.

No, we should be passing Medicare for all. #healthcareisaright
They are trying to check the box, not do what's right for American health care
Hey Chuckie what you don't get is that we the working taxpayers pay for Medicaid & our own healthcare. You have no concerns about us though
Do you know something I dont, lol?
Healthcare can be laid in your lap. You've had your opportunity to fix Obamacare and then repeal and replace. You did not. STOP YOU CRYING
Congress is a bunch of baboons. Literally and figuratively.
They'll get to it Chuck, after a 70-somethingish failed effort to kill Obamacare... priorities.
You should pressure Alaska representatives so she's not selling out Americans healthcare for Obamacare in Alaska.
Blah blah blah tell the truth old Chuckie boy
@potus @realDonaldTrump   McCain is a liar or his cancer and treatment has caused him to lose his memory He should be recalled
You could care less about the people !!!   You need to be replaced ...
And you have done what?
Misplaced priorities. Tax relief for the wealthy, pleasing donors and their base supporters. To hell  with everything else.
And maybe @HillaryClinton can help in that effort rather than spending her time trashing @BernieSanders with #fakenews
You should not have voted for the military bill.
We r depending on you to not allow repeal.  Tweak what needs to be fixed and don't take health care away from those who need it
I don't know what it is about you Schumer. But there is something about you that is really sickening how you disrespect the President
OR
Oh, Hillary's CHIP? Odd how even you, @SenSchumer, couldn't resist trashing her after 11/8. How many millions of kids have CHIP b/c of her?
Keep working on DACA & a backup for expanding the ACA,. Chuck, ok?
Or impeaching traitors! https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/manafort-offered-to-give-russian-billionaire-private-briefings-on-2016-campaign/2017/09/20/399bba1a-9d48-11e7-8ea1-ed975285475e_story.html …
Yeah, but Hillary helped with that..so, the monsters won't.
Trump speaking for R candidate in Bama tonight Bannon supports the other when will the #Democrats make some noise for @GDouglasJones
Chump are you on Obummer care yet.
And Dems should stop following Bernie's lead ... and Collins/Nelson should be part of @CNN debate representing the middle ... blah blah blah
Instead of using voters to pass piecemeal bills that your donors approve  of, co-sponsor #MedicareForAll #M4A, or quit, or get fired.
Is jamming bills through How you got stupid OBAMA care thru? Don't be such a hypocrite!!
So raise hell Schumer!!! About ALL THE GOP CRAP!!!!
I hear it has not been filed and should have been last week?
IMPEACHED INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED. Why haven't u ??,
Let's have more bipartisanship!
No! Repeal Obamacare!!!
CHIP so very important! We won't let them throw Children under the bus. Thanks for the fight, Chuck.
Democrats created this mess now fix it!!!
Bullshit
Instead of that, the Senate should tar and feather you and your butt-buddy, John McCain and ride you both on a rail through D.C.!!
No they shouldn't if it is part of ACA, ACA was the worst bill ever . Fed should get out of health care.
Republicants
... and the #VoterRightsAct
Schmucks. Can't wait to see how you Dumbocrats fix your Entitlement Tax. Guess Soros will get BJ's for life.
Who r these stupid ass repubs,the Dems can't block anything,the Republicans hold the majority in both houses and the dumbest potus ever,
Sucks to be on the wrong end of having legislation jammed thru, huh?  We The People seem to be on the wrong end no matter what.
STOP THE HANDOUTS... WE NEED JOBS!
Oh how the roles have changed
Not if it's bloated with http://fed.gov  burocatic crap. Like everything the fed gov does. Fix it.
So where is the Dems bill?

Chuck, you and yours DESPERATELY need to admit that Obamacare was imperfect and needs changes, and a road map to fixing the root issues.
They have. Guess u weren't listening. What we need is a Bipartisan effort. A HC plan that works for all, not just the few. @SenJohnMcCain
Dead flat wrong. Insurance being used as finance and mandatory must-pay coverage has led to skyrocketing prices. THAT needs fixing FIRST.
Also, the Democratic Party has yet to do proper apologies to the Trump wing of the blue collar Dem independents.
Best apology is action. They need to make significant changes. Bernie should have been the candidate. But, as payback, u gave us Trump?
Bernie is a cranky old man and committed socialist. Bad combo unless you want govt to be ruler of every aspect of your life.
As it is, Trump is in charge of that govt. Do you really think handing the govt more power is a good idea when Trump can get in?
I hate Trump. I think he's the biggest disaster for the u.s ever. I wouldn't trust him if my life depended on it. HC is life or death.
Why can't we (U.S.) READ these bills first? Isn't it MY RIGHT to see it first BEFORE it's voted on?
That would be the rational, responsible thing to do.
Or how about trying to put a muzzle on the the idiot provoking the sociopath in North Korea.
Amen!
You should keep R's lightning rod Bernie off @CNN debate before he blows it. WRONG time, too controversial. Stupid, He's not a team player.
Please don't let DACA slip through the time cracks.
Give power back to the states! You failed! Chip, medical assistance card, what else should we pay for? Low income get assistance!
Obama care is well on it's way to failure. Just as it was designed to do. You own it Chuck.
This is not trumpcare. Stop peddling this obstruction. Your pal graham presented it. You are working solely on DNC talking points
You need to retire
What about Trump using his pen to eliminate healthcare for congress. Then you wouldn't have to be bothered.
You all pure garbage OCare is garbage you now it why hurt d ppl why
You need to co-operate fir the good of the American people- we will remember you and others in 2018 bub
Maybe you should get off your butt figure out how to fix ACA. Once it fails then you'll be crying.
Thank you @SenSchumer! Without CHIP’s my granddaughter can’t see her 11 specialist. She has a rare genetic disorder that can’t be cured.
And yes, before anyone asks..her parents have good jobs but can’t provide her the medical coverage she requires. #brokensystem
Once a Traitor always a Traitor???  Songbird  @SenJohnMcCain
Remove @sensanders from any connection with Our Party. You do not represent the base while he bashes Dems and our rights. We will go. @DNC.
Nope! Jam the Obamacare repeal down @TheDemocrats throats! @GOP we are counting on you!
Do your job! REPEAL AND DO NOT REPLACE OBUMMER CARE!
How about you try working for the American people and getting this done instead of the trash of a Obama care that's killing us. Vote u out!
You're in the wrong country, Chuck, if you think America is a Socialist nation.  You need to leave if you can't stop being a traitor.
#killthebill #protectourcare @senategop @SenTedCruz @housegop @JohnCornyn @JudgeCarter #grahamcassidyNO #dobetter @vp
What a hypocrite. OC is a loser and so are you senators who made a career out of politics. Term limits
Like you did Obamacare? Gotta pass it to find out what is in it? TERM LIMITS.
If all of you idiots ever came up with a plan. It would be a miracle. You should have left it alone in the first place. Gov = disaster
Shut it Chuck!
Didn’t O’Care get jammed through. If I recall you admitted to not even reading it before approving it.  Elections have consequences
Republicans don't care about children unless they're unborn.
If they werent hell bent on killing American & Democracy,   #GrahamCassidy is #Genocide @bbc @guardian @maddow @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy
Why aren't the Democrats front & center trying to tell the American public how they can fix Obamacare.  Get more Dems in front of cameras.

Dems really don't know how to function unless you have total power. You guys are losing it. Calling your colleagues monsters is a disgrace.
Absolutely Chuck
It’s always about the government and what they can do, which is to much!
Children's parents need to be supported so they can care for their own children--NOT government's job.
Govt debt won't allow it
the older senators get to keep their insurance for their families
i guess mitch wants that why 32 million lose their
we should sue
8 Million more added to your goal of socialized medicine
If it has the word "health" in it, Republicans can't be bothered to do the right thing. Ever. But thank you for continuing to stand up 4 us.
There u go again pandering lying scare tactics r ur only ways to communicate
We need #Trumpcare as a step to ensure healthcare for all Americans. @POTUS will not leave out children. For now we must address Obamacare.
Oh that would be so adult and so moral it will never happen. @HouseGOP
Here, @marcorubio, chew on this for a while.
You forced OCare on the rest of us. It's falling apart.
Chuck, Dems want to see a more fired up Dem base. We're fired up on Russia but not on our key platform. Help!!!
Damn! You democrats pushed Obamacare down our throats and now you want to read what is in the new bill? Smh....
Its hilarious to hear you demos criticize Trump so viciously when you did nothing truly constructive for eight years except push socialism
No American asked for Obama care, you forced it on us,be a man, work with Republicans, give us what we need, not what you think we need
And you need 2 stop Bernie from highjacking the party. This CNN "town hall" is disaster waiting to happen. Demoralizing 4 female resistance!
Chuck : Your comments show us that your own party should jam a telephone pole up your ass to wake you up! Your own people see you as lame !
Unfortunately dems didn't take the advice you are now advocating!
Why can't you guys do both????
wheres the Dem;s NEW healthcare bill? you love to run yo mouths but i don't hear shit but how bad it is show something or shut up
I hope when you say "attempting", you can stop the attempt!
That is the debate that should be happening this week. Not Bernie's ego show Part 2!
Go to the back of the class Chuck Schumer YOU FAILED to put Americans first!
SO YOU TRUE COLOR COME OUT , YOU WANT THE HISPANIC VOTE YET YOU WONT GO TO PUERTO RICO. YOU ARE A UGLY PERSON
Where's HRC?  That's right whining about how everyone else is responsible for her losing to a zoo animal.  #BernieWouldHaveWon
If something is the right thing to do, GOPers will do the opposite - guaranteed.
Sen. Schumer, be better, not bitter.
They have to pay their masters back first or no more money.  Completely heartless and immoral

Please Senator Schumer stop Bernie's Monday debate.  He will only be helping GOP repeal ACA.


Chuck--please try to talk Bernie out of horribly-timed debate on single payer
You people are not doing your jobs.
RUN OUT THE CLOCK!
jam through? It's all been out in the open. Not like Obamacare that YOU voted for without reading at the dead of night. HYPOCRITE
Please stop the Sanders debate Monday.Focus on defeating this bill first!
 we wouldn't want that sch. It happen once before. Remember? You voted for it. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
Pass Children's Health Insurance Program @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
The republicans proving again how inept they are at their job, both this administration & the last.  Time to elect people that actually work

Dear Chuck, please suppress that Democrat imposter named Bernie. He will ruin our country if allowed to debate single payer vs Trumpcare.
How about you stop fighting, vote yes.  Then we can move on to what's next.
In case ppl not familiar w/CHIP: Covers health care for 4 million more CHILDREN, paid by tax increase on tobacco products. HAS 2 B continued
@BillCassidy said that "We run #GrahamCassidy through the CHIP program"...How would that even work or improve our healthcare, @SenSchumer?
https://trumpcaretoolkit.org/ . For your child
Children don't matter to @GOP only profiteering on the backs of children.

Republicans don't give a crap about Humanity. It's all about tax breaks for the wealthy. Graham Cassidy death care bill is Criminal.

Because the GOP wants nothing more than to erase the history of work created by a black man

Oh did Obama stop by and have a talk with you?
It is not red or blue, its over due! we need secure borders that this wont continue. sanctuary only enables living in darkness! REFORM LAWS!
Realize tht everyday persons cm2flda with a coyote whom they are slaves to until payment is paid in full.U cant secure when cops participate
Maybe there big donors don't want that like they don't want us to have health care
Please look to reform Immigration for CA/USA! Sanctuary City is morphing 2 Sanctuary State...Doesn't that concern U more than Nov 8th? HELP!
Yea and flda tired of californias coyote coming to fl da and alter name slightly, aurturo or gaston?
This is such an important time in OUR country. Valley of Decision. Party first? Opportunity with this AGENDA! Too many yrs of Lobbyist 2 fix
my husband & I both 50yrs/earn $14hr. we know that TAXCUT 4 TOP1% will unleash OUR economy. WE VOTED THIS! Forcing NO vote is wrong and BAD!
#Trumpcare = #Deathcare

Talk debate rewrite ponder procrastinate hell u aren't losing your income or coverage u could care less how deep a hole u dig me into
No told GOP resist resist resist like the Democrats want
STOP OBSTRUCTING AND LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCK!

NOBODY IS LISTENING TO YOUR DISTORTED BANTER ANYMORE ANYWAY!!
Tell Democrats just where the fuck have you been?
Our reps see this and say, 'Let's cut healthcare, put $80b more in the military, and never pass an infrastructure bill. That'll fix it!' 
the mandates created an unnecessary need for coverage that in reality is not coverage. mate had surgery; deductible will take me 18mo 2 pay!
Think how long it would have taken to pay the full bill! #VoteNo #VoteNoGrahamCassidy #FixACA
WE JUST WANT to roll back mandates at THIS TIME. health care is not same as coverage, welfare or prescription costs. govt is bloated. AGENDA
#NoGrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare

Nah they won't, they're too busy being evil.
Seems to me dems shoved O-care down our throats.

Thank U for posting this, Joyce! I hadn't heard of this movement. Went 2 http://MoveOn.org  & signd the petition! It is what we need!
