This budget is an insult to the intelligence of the American people; not only does it deprive the poor at the expense of the rich it
Demonizes them as though poverty was a chosen lifestyle;
The sick, the disabled, children, the working poor the unemployed fuck Mulvaney
The church he worships st in Sunday has a guy hanging in a cross who said the poor will always be with us though I will not
If a person isn't really open to the treatment at first their minds are still more likely to change during their journey through recovery
Do you actually agree with Trump on the fight against Opioids, are you trying to gain approval for the election? (Sleeze bag)
End the war on drugs. Treat addiction as a public health problem. Outlaw private prisons
Chuck thanks for proving what a great man you are! Your total approval of our President on his historic trip is very gratifying! 
Sen Schmuck is only playing to the Jewish community on this one, calculating scum bag! He could give a shit about them.. Obama and Iran ?
please resign now
Chuck,you sound like a Senator?Now back President Trump.And you both can make America Great Again or continue fake Russia News destroy USA
past 10 years you have done nothing, now it's important????lol

Cuz making things illegal and making special courts to fast track cases has worked so well.  #enddrugwars #cuckyschumer #cuckschumer
Drug Courts will be like traffic court, a revolving door of repeat offenders.  Waste of money.
Take some drugs and stop crying 

Drug courts must come with strict protections, though. Drug court judges can be given scary amounts of leeway when it comes to prosecution
Non-violent addicts should be given a chance, so much of the heroin addiction was started with legal pharmaceutical drugs, legal pushers!
Yes!! Drug court is aka treatment court. If a person has volunteered to take this option then treatment is mandated.
Your whole career is a NO BRAINER schmuck
@SenSchumer Stop treating patients like addicts. Grandmas taking more drug tests than abusers, increasing their med costs. Stop illegal flow
news flash fix the problem before the courts or maybe you do not know how
You'll have to get yours on the street.  But NY has plenty of drug dealers thanks to the nit wits running it.
If you cared about public safety you would keep Muslims out of this country and vet the ones that are here.
You are now worried about it?  Where were you the last eight years?  #hypocrisy
Only true no brainer is to vote Schumer out.  Spent too much time with ur bs.  Hope you go on soon. #cryinchuck
How about strong borders Sen Schmuck, the government doesn't want to solve the drug problem, too many government jobs would be lost.
I'm sorry, is this the DEMOCRAT voting block? This would explain A LOT...

How about locking them up

Unless you're a mean-spirited turd of a man given new power by an accidental ruler with no clue about American values.
Google Chuck Schumer, DNC, and the Murder of Seth Rich

"Relistor" is the #pharma answer to opioids addiction.  Give them more drugs....  LOL
How about worrying about Americans for a change you just don't get it do you
Was this one of the drugs that the Clinton's we're bringing in to United States with cocaine? Humm
So chuck when will u open your eyes & see the humans that u are sending to jail what future do we have with felons that cost tax dollars....
Thats right we pay for the crimes when people are ruined by the #DOC duh no brain dude thats what u got stop the cycle of addiction w/ care
How much kick back do you get from drug courts?
I dont see the no brainer when drug addition is a treatable illness
Jail cost more than rehab dude im a narcotic speciaist & i disagree w/u
Treatment is the place for these attics who have been created by the doctors and the pharmaceutical companies. Not court or prison!
Dr. gave opioids to my wife like they were TicTac's. They create the addicts...Drs own the stock in the pharmaceutical companies! $$$$$$$$$
3 largest pharmaceutical co. stock under $2.50 share. Dr. who gives opiods like TT should be reported! Opiod controlled substance 30d supply
That isn't necessarily true,,,look at states like Alabama where drug courts act like ATMs for local gov't.
as a graduate of drug court I applaud your support and I give a positive witness to the effectiveness of the amazing program.
Congratulations!!!  @terryMosholder  Yes it does work for many, but GOP needs the money for private prisons to line their pockets.  Sad
Build the wall
focus & stop letting the gop change laws that cant be changed by a simple majority like filibuster & vote the next day
#statuteOFlimitations
Maybe just send everyone who is an addict to rehab, and dealers to jail, addicts aren't criminals they're sick and need medical help
You enabled 2 pedophiles as DNC Senate leader, Hussain & Weiner! You've not once disavowed either?! When are you going to disavow Weiner?
schumer has been on drugs for years, but that don't mean he knows anything!
It’s a no-brainer for people that have brains. Sessions doesn’t get it!
CBO Destroys Democrat Talking Point Against Financial CHOICE Act
Done right, they are an amazing resource for society as well as individual families.
And drug courts WORK.
repair and resolve does work. Warring against anything instantly makes enemies.
The family has sent a cease and desist. The "investigator " has admistt d he learned about it on FUXNOIS. Go find safe place GOLDENSHOWER
