. Not fixing aca is MEAN
You are a joke sir, you oppose any attempt to fix healthcare knowing all the time that Obamacare is collapsing. Do some work for us!
Obama care is a joke and u should want to change it or replace it if care for people we don't have your health coverage
You only got 14 million ppl on Obamacare. Your numbers don't match
Nothing cuts HC to Americans then obama care BTW u & ur buds r exempt u make the citizens pay 4 ur HC which is much better hypocritical hack
And Chuck you still suck!
What are you going to do to stop it?
Nothing. Schumer will fake concern to stir up people and play us like pawns. Give the people the exact same coverage as Congress.
Agreed I will take that deal!
Hey Chuckie, when r u &the rest of your cohorts n congress gonna realize money doesn't grow on trees &that everything u promise costs money?
Never - once they are elected we the people are abandon.
Stupid is what stupid does.
@SenSchumer where is your bill to compare with Graham-Cassidy's bill 
Hint - ain't got one. Chuckie "No Solutions" Schumer solution is to fake concern and do nothing. It's a campaign contribution tactic.
Obstructionist =a "do nothing" Democrat !!

.@SenSchumer refuses to back #MedicareForAll but voted to spend another $700 million of OUR MONEY on bombs and murder https://twitter.com/ap/status/909912774465277952 …
Keep government out of health care and out of bed with I insurance pacs the rates will drop
It's time to stop the handouts, everyone should pay for insurance

Right on point!
Does it force Congress onto the same plan as the rest of us? Of course not If it did it would be fixed and passed yesterday. Vote Republican
CHUCKY Boy give it a break!! President Trump is a hell of a lot smarter than you!!
Democrapes just wants to control.
Your health care. Moochelle with crap food for kids. When she was filling her pie hole with fast food
They all think they are above their office. Wake up time
The voters will show you are wrong.
Isn't it bad enough NY has dimwit De Blasio He's an insult to people with common sense
Who writes your tweet Chuck, a six year old?  Trump may be mean, but you are still a lie, cheat and steal politician.
Are u kidding doctors are dropping out of Obamacare and it's expensive ask people what they think  you don't live in reality
Chuckie all you do is fake concern. Solutions that's why you're a senator. If you have none step aside.Give us the same coverage as Congress
Why can't we have the exact same coverage as Congress? We the people pay for your coverage. You-never complain about your coverage. Correct?
Not as bad as Obama Care
The racist kkk democrats were mean when they passed Obamacare knowing it was a failure! Now own it like a real man Dixiecrat schumer.
Good one.   Ungodly, hateful, racist, DemoRats.
"Chuckie-Cheeze~"
Care to point out just where in the US Constitution where federal gov't is responsible for healthcare?!?
Ya might read it!
Nice
Cry  baby Schumer.
So true & a bad actor too.
Dems need to ignore Hillary and back Sanders efforts   It may not happen all at once but uts what Americans want and need
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake don't be bullied. Do the right thing for us and vote NO!
If you really believe this put your money where your mouth is and come up with a good alternative!!

you are a HYPOCRITE, DIRTY CITY, POLLUTION IN OUR WATERS, . IF YOU CANT CARE ABOUT NY YOU CANT CARE ABOUT PEOPLE

#Trumpcare is an oxymoron.

This is a two tier thread now !  What healthcare does, doesn't and what if Cassidy Graham ... https://twitter.com/pierremwest/status/910012341458276352 …
Hey Chuck Shyster, get with the program get out of the swamp
How can citizens win when politicians can spend all their time just resubmitting rejected laws?? Can we mount ANOTHER defense against this?
SO WHAT IS NEW SCHUMER IS THE MEANEST MAN IN CONGRESS AND WORKS FOR ILLEGAL ALIENS NOT AMERICAN CITIZENS @POTUS45__
Stop the B.S. Chuck. It stops Lazy POS from getting everything at the taxpayers expense. Stop the entitlements and tell them to get a job.
Then what do you say we do besides tear down the bill
They need the money to pay for the tax cuts to the Rich
How did we survive before Obamacare (now imploding). Do you all see how the democrats want you to panic and be dependent?
Don't let this last-ditch hail-mary theft of human health rights happen! Thank you for caring, congress!
There is no such thing as Trumpcare.  You're misleading people.  #youretheproblem #goaway
#MedicareForAll Chuck, get on board.  Stand up to your big donors.  America is long over due.
It's sad and plum mean @realDonaldTrump is ok with it. Just sad. #Va now has no ind plans available due to th uncertainty in DC.THANKS! 
cut the crap, Chuckie....ACA has failed...ppl are not getting health care NOW. And you know it!
You should take a laxative you're all backed up

And you're still a fraud
You are right about this. The oligarchs just can't rob us http://enough.Now , lets cut that US$Billion to #Israel #Genocide #Apartheid
Are you going to cry?
Imran Awan
Honest question - how do you fix the deficit wo getting spending under control? Tired of spendaholics!
What happen Chuck? Last week you were up Trump’s ass.
No aca and no daca . Can't wait to vote out more dems in 2018
OBAMACARE IS DEAD IN THE WATER.
#KillTheBill #GrahamCasiddy
What does Upchuck have to say to the millions of Americans that have been priced out of insurance because of ACA. Americans who now pay $20K
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP How can they turn their backs on all your illegal constituents? Dam conservatives!!!
So much for Trump liking you @SenSchumer !!!
Boo boo. It's mean.  Are we concerned about what's good for the country or what's mean? Sums up a lot here chuck.
#Trumpcare is garbage and heartless!! @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump
Pass it now!
Chuckie the main rule in life that Libtards like yourself do not understand. Life is NOT FAIR-!!! It was never meant to be. #getoverit
Chuck, when will you support something, anything, that will CUT government spending?  20+trillion debt is ridiculous!
Omggggggg
Hey Chuckles, they aren't buying what you're selling.   Pelosi took her lumps at town hall too.  Americans tired of lies.
Criticizer of everything and doer of nothing. You are not impressive as a politician and I suspect a very hateful person.


Not Trump Care... he wouldn't know a bill if it bit him.
You sound like a four year old when you us the term "mean". Grow up and legislate.
I got an idea!-let #America get the same healthcare benefits as Congress gets-what did YOU for US for the last 8 yrsterm limits needed
Shouldn't even be called TrumpCare  cause he doesn't and never will should be calls Trumpdon'tcare or TrumpOnlyCareForHimself *sighs*
Stop talking about Americans.  Only focus on illegals.
only thing you are good at is lining your pockets with money,at our expense,we want same health care as you have chuckie,and pay nothing
one word ACA! that miserable piece of legislation democrats passed caused our medical to skyrocket. you have no room to talk
We're you shedding your crocodile tears again while tweeting this?  Get a hold of yourself Chucky...
Any here is what you gave us.
vote it in..
Sen Schumer, when will you and your caucus take responsibility for facilitating this by making a deal with Trump on the debt ceiling?
Bleep bloop boop...distract so nobody figures out we have supernatural healthcare coverage in DC and dont have to abide by the laws we pass!
Convince enough @GOP to vote no please!
Some  of us are tired of paying that's why middle class getting poorer!  Get all those Emmy people to fund it! Go Trump
OCare the poison pill sold by Chuck and Dems as a miracle drug. Nothing meaner than using people. Charlie and Dem friends, users and losers.
CHUCK SCHUMER CANCELED YOUR DOCTOR AND HEALTHCARE PLAN ON CHRISTMAS EVE #OBAMCARE = CORRUPT, MEAN, DISGUSTING.
CHUCK SCHUMER AND NANCY PELOSI ARE TWEETING ROBOTS NOT CONCERNED WITH YOUR HEALTHCARE BUT CONTROLLING YOUR LIVES.  #REPEALANDREPLACE
Not surprised that you're still a jerk
Even Rand Paul hates it.
Quit stealing our $$$$ and giving to illegals !
tell us how much you love your ACA plan, Chuckles. remember when you chose an ACA plan over Congress' exemption? nope me neither #TermLimits
YOU ARE SO READY TO ATTACK EVERYTHING THE GOP PRODUCES,   I ASSUME YOU HAVE SOMETHING BETTER?
Why is this the go-to response to anything not government controlled? You don't need actual facts, just call it "mean"...
You go Senator! Thank you.
Your penis is still small... stop obstructing
we dont need Medicare for all we have obamacare according to the Democrats it the best health care in the world.
Kill the bill
Again,  you're lying.
and your party has'nt come up with anything better. Get off your lazy but and help.
SCHUMER STILL A LIAR
Schumer has no credibility, he voted for Obamacare without even reading it and it's bankrupting American families.
#chuckmakesmesick
When does our state step in to help pay healthcare. Also Medicare should not be messed with.  We the people have paid for this
Chucky, healthcare is great in Venezuela!
yeah heard it's great for norway and literally every other modern country too
Only the American people whom should work for a living.
You scumbags have fiddled while Veterans die.
Every thing you say is mean
Obamacare is still a scam
But that is exactly what Obamacare has done. All in US can get healthcare with out Obamacare, just need big groups to form to cut costs
Tell them to get jobs
Keep it simple and stupid, senator. Appeal to your base of idiots, illegals and welfare cheats.
No it doesn't. It gives the money back to the states and ends the reprehensible mandate.
The mandate is a tax. Don't forget Chuck.
Amazing the people that tweet in support of your opposition  of the bill have no clue about what is in it. People should read and decide!
Maybe they should get jobs and get out of everyone's pocket? Just a thought.the government's job is to protect us from invaders, not insure
Liberal ideas always have unintended bad consequence . Rent stabilization led to housing shortage.
Trumpcare is no meaner than Dems refusing to support single-payer healthcare. #Democrats #single-payer #Progressives
You must take the next Step and stop airing lies, please be the good person who must be hidden inside you !
Scare tactic.
Chuck when have you actually cared about working America , last 8 years you gutted tax paying citizens out of health care .

Muh feelings
What kind of deviants would want their name attached to this truly indecent bill? @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy
Donnie's name is in the title, of course it is.
Sen, let's call it what it is :a non-partison attempt to gut Medicaid and take the $800 Billion to fund GOP tax cuts for the rich.
Universal Healthcare. Only if you and the other Senators agree to make this your family plan as well.
This is why the Left looks so stupid. It's "mean"? You are the most immature, pitiful third-grader excuse for a Senator I've ever heard of.
Same script from the democraps! Can't hey do anything?we need a new party, these fools are too slow getting things done!
ACA was self funded did not add a dime to the deficit
not any more Meaner than Obamacare
Chuck, pls get on board. Go with with the flow. I don't & most don't. We're not gonna take single payer system or AHCA. Hit rid of this crap
WHY is this even happening? Do Senators think that they would ever be reelected if they vote 4 it? Did they forget the town halls?
It's getting old schmuckie
Liar
I don't understand how GOP can look in the mirror in the morning. For people who have everything they R willing to begrudge others of life.
Boo boo snowflake, the poor victim! Hellary trained you right!! Sick of weak specimens!
Hey Chucky Thats right up there with the checks in the mail, you will earn more money on the new pay plan, and I have never done this before
Gov ahould have stayed out of healthcare. It's a mess as is.
"Mean" is not quantified nor measurable u r being subjective self serving & lacking any dignity treating constituents like morons
Tell that to your potus http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/06/13/trump-tells-senators-house-health-care-bill-is-mean-source-says.html …
Stop Graham-Cassidy bill #Resist
WITHOLD CONSENT
You mean illegals that are free loading on American taxpayers back.  Boo hoo my heart is so broken
If u were not involved in health insurance we would not be in this mess. Your a fool
State block grants R a poison pill to kill Medicaid access. Killing Medicaid SLAMS working families/seniors!
Can you please talk to your buddy in the White House about this?
This is so disheartening and downright scary. Families are struggling just to keeep food on the table and a roof over their head.

Well who let trump have the #dragonballs to wish that crap back to life?!
There is no TrumpCare thanks to #Insane @SenJohnMcCain. Regrettably there is still #BabyKillerSchumer. #AbortChuck!
It's more than mean...it's NOT HEALTH CARE. 

They just want to pass repeal no matter what it looks like. Skinny Repeal showed us that.
Give ppl action points. Call yr Sens (202) 224-3121 AND Reps. Newbie help at http://5calls.org  . Visit http://trumpcareten.org  4 more
No it shifts it to the states which is where it belongs
#Trumpcare is as illegitimate as is the #trumppresidency!!
False statement!!!!!!
#TrollAlert
#VOTEHELLNO!!!
Please continue to fight this bill. If necessary, filibuster!

Plus the bill requires every state to give up 1 useless senator,CHUCK.
Sad sad what's happening so many needy people will be out of health care
Democrats still suck ass...
Go get Chinese food with Trump again..tell him he to veto this!
I get so much pleasure watching you totally melt over this Healthcare Obamacare is dead and you know it quit lying to the American people
Crying Chuck
Russian Bot. #TrollAlert
