Hey crybaby chuckles why request pages testimony....something to hide???? Hmmmm don't worry imma gonna start digging into for u

I am praying for America everyday. I was a NYS democrat who always stood with my party. I am going to register Republican. Go Trump
Glad you comrades had a great time in your Socialist Party, you bunch of corrupt communists. Unemployment and Welfare the Democrat ambrosia
Can't tell if serious.
Sure as you colluded with Hillary to steal the democratic nomination from him. #snakeinthegrass
OH YUK!
why would any accredited institution in #America select a Self descibed Socialist as the 1st choice? mayb in Cuba/Venzuela. #shameful
Did he give a commencement speech or give a political speech to the young socialists of America?
It's great,  now have two political figures in NY that have no accomplishments.
You guy go good together.
#Teach #NewGrads  
#DontDoWhatCongressDoes 
 #Instead use #SOME of every $ of #Income to #payoff your #debt until its #AllGone
Yes keep @SenSanders as far from DC as possible.
Now that's a pair of total fools
What wld really be great wld be if you got the Dems working for the US ppl, the reason you are all where you are.
Hate the fact that Trump is in the WH, but you all need to grow up, instead of sabotaging him, work  for US!!!  We are tired of the tears!
It is not good, both of U need to stay out of NY! 's both of U

Oh that's how you liberals do it, stick a knife in his back & then feign that you're gla to see him. @TEN_GOP @potus
I live in N Y and we do not like how both are acting! No interest in the American people! Only themselves! I am voting republican for sure!
dump trump he needs to go quicker the better!
Oh yeah, One that could never find a job and another who could never leave it.
Two old commies that need to go!
as opposed to what? The Mumps.

No.. he took a house over is followers..he sold his sold 4 $$! He's a low life Dem thug!
Are you having pizza with a Sexting pervert?
He's eating Russian pizza  lmao
Schumer you value your EGO immensely don't you?





look in the mirror and ask yourself why you don't have what you want...
Hes a clown...
Losers
Hey sweetie poo. How's it going? #weinertapes Think he's gunna squeal? I do :) who knows what he ll say with 9 inches of prison deep inside
No
Why?
Thanks Chuck for keeping politics out of your commencement speech today. You were actually the highlight of the event.   #MAGA!
Socialist democraps
Free everything, state college diplomas are like kindergarten certificates now.
What an idiot. Life is so much better without listening to the Democratic Socialist Party leader, Chuck Schumer. Odd, same party as Hitler!
Stick it chucky
NOPE!
You traders will be dealt with at the polls !!! PROMISE

Hey Comey, THIS Is The Moment You Lost ALL CREDIBILITY By Not Prosecuting A Career Criminal, Known As Crooked Hillary 
#FBIDirector #MAGA 
Ya Billy boy you probably killed him
Don't forget socialist. Me me me. He has coffee with Russians but that's ok per dems dems can't have it both ways
Yes he is
The Dem Party pee'd all over him after it back-stabbed him during the election, and now he's a star!  What absolute insanity.
It would really be nice to have chucky and sanders in space
Why are dems not shouting about voting suppression? And why are you not pushing it on the main stream Media Senator Schumer?
I love it when he's in Brooklyn ! If only he'd stay quiet and in Brooklyn.
No it's not great enabling socialist commi Bernie Sanders get the H£LL out of BKLYN we make it on r own here we don't need welfare scraps
To bad we cannot shit can all you COMMUNIST DEMOCRATS from Congress, we hate it when we have a lot of impostors who sit and play .
Wow,you gave well wishes and didn't cry about how you're the worst treated person in history? Thanks for being CLASSY! Save us from Trumpy!
And whatever you do don't join the Dems or the GOP. Register independent and kick em out!
Sanders is a sellout and Goblin Face Chuck is nothing but a crook. OH... he's also a sick twisted disgusting evil pervert.
No one cares about Bernie the red or Chucky Cheesy Scheemer
Hey CHUCKY, this is when your at your best!!  Staying "OFF"   TV!!
@SenSanders can't even feel that knife @SenSchumer just inserted into his back...He's a little scary when he's smiling #justsayin
Thomas Jefferson wrote that the right to rule comes from the consent of the governed.
no
Isn't it time for you to retire.
You two men are emboldening the #Deepstate. Hillary is a very bad person. She should make a deal for reduced sentence. It's only time.
She has murdered people to get into the presidency. She must be stopped. Now there is a cover-up of Seth Rich murder. Bernie, he loved you.
Support an investigation into his murder. If you have nothing to hide you will support it. Panda loves Bernie. Do the right thing. Tell them
let's get popovich in office chuck
How do you look someone in the eye after your party backstabs him?  
Good Tuesday, Sen.Chuck Schumer Dem.Minority Leader of New York, Thank You!  After The Memorial Day Holiday Observed
Thank you for being a bum of new York memorial day parade. And a socialist for New York city people. Hope New York wakes up soon and getaman
The new social slave masters. Using unemployment and Welfare to Shackle your zombie followers. Quicksand of ignorance.. @Reince45 @POTUS
The dynamic duo of criminal exploitation...aint you 2 just grand..
#pathetic
You like fake stories about President Trump ? You seem to like to push them forward
SENATOR SANDERS I A GREAT MAN WHO SPEAKS WHAT IS IN HIS HEART AND MIND! HE IS FOR THE AVERAGE AMERICAN! AND THOSE THAT ARE REALISTIC!
And the bums
Sure Cuck, after u n the Dems stuck it in his shorts!

No! 
yeah fun times with snowflakes what were u giving away free this time
New York has more corrupt politicians than Chicago these days.


Remember When Kellyanne Conway said on Rachel Maddow. ...You could have had Bernie Sanders? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ...What Did That Mean Exactly? ?

Chucky with his grandson glasses things are getting bad for him. Looks like a little boy in elementary school
Hey cuties :)
Couldn't care less
