Remember  you are  a sanctuary  city,  u  do not need  government  funding. Hypocrite
what does central new york state have to do with new york city?
How many mayors do you have in Ny?
i mean no offense, but these floods mostly affect rural communities/small towns. how cny votes might surprise you, if that's your focus.
I do  understand and  my heart goes out to all those affected but  your mayors and  senators should be blamed,
i'm sorry but i don't see how a city's immigration policy should affect a small town's need for aid. hopefully state resources are enough.
SMO I'm not clear why rural, which we're not, lessens our need 4 help from our NYS(not NYC)senators.
The person I was responding to was referring to new york state as a "Sanctuary City" somehow and i was saying the whole state needs support.
It's Western New Yorkers who have been flood for over two months! You have done nothing to help!! Nothing!!!
when  WNY got snowed in during snowvember storm western NYers lost pay and the government should have given us something.  We got screwed.
It is called insurance. Not the federal government's responsibility to take care of everything or is that what the Democrats desire.
That is how socialists think. Need Daddy complex.
How was the Hamptons with Jared and Ivanka?
What are you talking about? You need to go. one way or another you need to go. You are the inciter of violence.
Wow. You just thought of that!
after liberal policies killed upstate
Why just NY, the other coastal states don't count???
...old Trumpy has no FEMA Director in place#Hurricaneseason#tweetinginstead
Obama did the talk shows costing taxpayer's billions of dollar.
Wrong!
disappointed to hear about you partying with the kushners I thought you had our backs
Schumer only has one back, that is his own. He'd sell his own family out.
And the felons Killary & Berry
SUPPORT and RESPECT OUR President, Donald Trump.
Not my President. I didn't vote for an authoritarian to run our country. 3 marriages + over 5000 lawsuits, 6 bankruptcies = no respect
If Trump is not your President then your not an American.
Canadian health failing ! They been doing it longer then us Schumer!
I can't wait until you are voted out too!!
Mr. Schumer, I love & respect you. You did so much for us in NY. Thank you! You fight & speak for us in the Senate. Thank you!!!
We STILL have no Director at FEMA? Or Secy of Navy? Or Dir. Of FBI??
Wrong again chucky baby
Chuck. You still high on #Koch like I am from this weekend in the Hamptons?
@Twitlertwit   Mike, You're going to jail. ( Is there  federal prison in Indiana?) Jared Fogle wants you.
Obama's and Clinton's need to go to prison.
No they dont idiot
Schumer trying to steal taxpayer dollars again to fund demwit cronys! DEMOCRAT = LIARS, CHEATS, THIEVES, OBSTRUCTIONISTS, SORE LOSERS!
Use your own money to rebuild your state!! Take a pay cut, learn to live within your means duh
#25thAmendmentNow
Don't pay the Trolls any mind. Happy 4th to you and hours. Thank You for all you do.
NY incapable.

No way anybody would be better then Chuckie.
Recover and rebuild from what? Actual question not trying to be sarcastic here.
Huge storms and massive flooding in Utica/Syracuse area ... Oneida, Madison, Onondaga and Cayuga counties
We have been dealing with flooding in Monroe and Ontario Counties for two months!! And still no help!
Joke-had experience @HillaryClinton been elected u wouldn't have 2 tell Mr tweeter @realDonaldTrump how 2b prepared!
Agin I'm calling BS All u & the whole dem pack care about is lining ur pockets with lobby money America don't believe this is genuine NOT
Go blow your rainbow whistle &keep promoting resist 2hurt our country and the American people What Udo speaks so loud, we can't hear 1 word
What are u doing 4 them or us Chuck except hate speech and obstruction?
Chuckles Americans are waiting for Obamacare to be AFFORDABLE. Don't worry the GOP will Repeal and Replace it with one Americans can AFFORD.
Where were you when #sandy hit? Just another example of #LiberalHypocrisy . Retire Chuck.
FEMA uses taxpayer dollars where is the preparation of NY that you and Bill keep referring to. NY has one of the highest tax rates use money
How can I trust you if you're hobnobbing with @IvankaTrump ?
Sanctuary states and cities need to be cut off financially, maybe that will wake up their people and they will drain you from the DC swamp
sorry Chuck why should @realDonaldTrump make NY a priority when there are so many needs elsewhere with people who aren't fomenting sedition?
Hey Chucky do you have any ideas other than increase the deficit? When did the Democratic Party become so socialism and liberal X Democrat
rumor has it the @Project_Veritas  video on you will be out real soon.
Recover from all those wasted years of democratic "leadership" do you mean? You guys have had years to prep but you are caught flatfooted.
Is something going to happen?What an odd tweet like Eric Holders Omanis tweet to the DOJ. @dahboo7 @RealAlexJones @PrisonPlanet @Rambobiggs
Did Trump nominate anyone to run FEMA yet?  Last I knew the position was vacant just like over 400 other positions he has failed to fill.
Why can't your state take care of itself?
That would require a function government Senator. Sadly we are currently a shell. We are lucky the state department is semi functioning.
Yes, lets all hope fema has gotten their act together.  Hope they can shorten their response time from 72 hrs to 24 hrs or less.
PLEASE STOP PRETENDING YOU GIVE A DAM
My thoughts & prayers are with my "Fellow NY'ers!   God Bless
What resources? We are 20 Trillion in debt and the democrats don't care!!!!
Why would you kill a bill to fight human trafficking? You are way worse than a schmuck. You also are seriously compromised its obvious.
We will find, track it down
Your former Democrat President Obama is in Indoneisa bashing America and praising Muslins!!!!
It appears you do not know what the purpose of FEMA is intended for.
Trump just needs some henchmen to cover him. He believes he can do it all by himself. The start of a dictator. #25thThe45th
Flood insurance premiums are outrageous all over the country.  Where is all this money going?  Not to flood claims. Who is stealing the $$
lots of fema trailers sitting on a lot here in pennsylvania, at least thats whats told they have been there for years
All the USA should have access.
ur the min. whip, what about the people in the rest of the country? The las few weeks its been all NY. OR KEEPING YOU IN OFFICE.
How about the people on Lake Ontario that you and Andy flooded? You still haven't done  for them. Enjoy your face time.
Invoke #25thAmmendment
While you are doing what?
VERY SAD TO BE AN ALCOHOLIC & NOT SOBER AT ALL
UNDER OBAMA WHY HAS THE FEMA MONEY NOT GOT THERE YET TO HELP N.Y. AND N. J.?????
What did we do before FEMA?  Charities and people gave that's better then anything government.  When are you going to stop asking for stuff
Chuck we need  unions more dignity better way of life,  Congress is out of touch
You are a one trick pony, always pending for New York. Do you work as a second wealthiest state in the Country. Have New Yorkers pitch in.
Sir u need 2 C NRA video promoting violence to resistance by white supremacists also to any protesters VERY THREATENING!
Chuckles is ny a sanctuary state? How about no $ for anybody till you finally figure out you/Andy and the rest of the crooks don't matter
Yes they really do need help!GO FUND ME PAGE to help fix softball fields for Tournament this weekend! Volunteers needed clnFIELD
Thank you. You are representing and serving the people wonderfully. Schumer for President!!!
Need more info on healthcare from you senator thank you
How do you get reelected. If you jumped on the Trump train, you could help fix the country.
If you Democrats knew how to run your state (just like California) you would have enough of your own money to take care of things! SICKOFYOU
No more FEMA money... it's a total@waste
wow chuck...a lot of these people find you disgusting?
Absolutely not Chuckie. You obstruct and want help now. Hypocritical hysteria
If I had my way NY wouldn't get any support
They are a sanctuary city they get nothing

The fact that you even need to suggest that FEMA might not be prepared to do their ONLY JOB, illustrates the incompetence of the fed govt
Fix your own problems, we don't want to pay for your welfare state, democrats are always trying to take others money.
If this idiot unamerican communist, resistance Democrat would leave for doing nothing in office we the people can get it done Schumer resign
New York is such a blue state, I thought they had everything they wanted.
Good luck with that CHUCK...dt vindictive enough to ignore requests 2 states that voted against him...that's how far AMERICA has fallen.
I hope they don't help that Socialist city.
This scumball will work with GOP as long as he gets his way, his first plan ACA is a total failure, why ask for his ideas?

Chuck you voted to confirm Brock long for FEMA 2 weeks ago why are you stirring the pot
Hurricane season is coming up soon too!
Ooo!  All the leftist hate causing possible violence with un-American "resistance. "  BULL$&>\
36 hours later .... thanks for remembering there is an upstate.  Are you personally doing anything to secure FEMA?
Yes he voted for the confirmation of Brock long to head FEMA two weeks ago now is just stirring the pot
It would be great if he could just do his job for all the suffering people in upstate.  Might be too much to ask.
Way too much to ask! It's obvious where his priorities lie time to vote him out
Very sad.  I guess when you can carry NYC, the rest of the state you were elected to serve does not matter.
What happened? I have family up there! Is everything alright?
Why are you not preparing with your Governor? As Governor  Rick Perry did & Gov. Abbott continues to do in Texas?

Tell Linda we have 0% APR financing and no Sharia
Can't NY be more like KY when they cleaned up massive floods during BO administration.   BO sent nothing.   Dependency on Fed a disease.
Does this mean @realDonaldTrump should nominate someone to head this organization? Nah. Who are we kidding?
Schumer voted for Brock Long's confirmation two weeks ago to head FEMA he's lying to you
Who is lying? Schumer is saying they need to be ready. Are they? Long has good resume, but past appts have destroyed their depts.
My bad. Did t realize Long had been confirmed. Carry on.
NYC needs immediate resources against creeping Sharia

@SenShumer by all accounts @realDonaldTrump presidency is a historical/generational disaster - can FEMA Step in? #SendHelp
Stick it chucky
Trump's FEMA will come, steal what little was left undamaged and call the people pathetic losers and moochers.
There's no fema director.
I like a free lunch
Aren't they. If not, they have incompetent worker
Maybe you can get the money from Ivanka and Jared and KellyAnne next time you party with them, hypocrites.
We would have more people in positions if Dems ever did any work. Get his appointments approved #Chucky #stopAllTheVacations
Chuck you big baby you don't want money for anybody but these illegals coming in who the hell are you kidding take care of your foreigners
Chuck voted for #FATCA because he believes in #slavery  It turned 9 million US diaspora into #TributarySlaves.
STOP THE BS! Put a lid on it! Reid was horrible you are horrifying! STOP talking! Give us a week please! @SenateFloor @HouseFloor @POTUS
Two weeks ago just saying
Of course you would only think of one state NY nice!!
Meanwhile the demented president doesn't even know there was a flood or that there aren't FEMA staff. #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNOW
Chuck Schumer voted to confirm Brock long as the head of FEMA two weeks ago
You mean after the Muslims you want to let in start attacking old people, destroying property & raping anyone they can regardless of age?
Maybe if trump wasn't busy acting like a 3rd grader, we here in Fl wouldn't be worried about FEMA's readability!!!!!
Just New York, right Chuck?
New flood bill with a 10,000 cap & ability 4 NFIP 2 drop homeowners would be disastrous 2 NY communities. Private insurance is not an option
Is this available for 2nd homes along the coast?  actual question
http://www.encharter.com/flood-insurance-second-home-water/ …  hope this helps a little.
Do we even have a FEMA director?  Good luck everyone during a national disaster.
If you're asking this question two weeks after a FEMA director was confirmed you must be a Schumer more supporter
You and your Mossad buddies plan on blowing something up in New York?
tRump country clubs have been designated FEMA's top priority.
Fraud News
Have a good time selling NY?  I thought Someone in this damn senate would keep their soul!!!
Does anyone in the Senate or even in the Congress have a soul? Ethics - Politicians = Oxymoron.
I was raised to believe they did. The older I get the more I see, the fault in that.

How about a little help from you and the GOV. Where is Gillabrand. A town that was forced to drink contaminated water has now been flooded.
Um, is there a Secretary for Fema? What about the NOAA, because it is hurricane season?  He can't fill gov't positions! #25thAmendment
Do you even know what the 25th amendment says The reason he can't fill positions, is because of the liberal obstructionist and RINOs 
Um, get some real news. No ONE IS BEING OBSTRUCTED BECAUSE THERE HAVE BEEN NO NOMINATIONS! He's too busy golfing!
Close your account and retire.
No money for sanctuary cities what part don't understand illegal is illegal
What part of IMMORAL don't you understand?
What's immoral about about upholding the law?
PAY FOR YOUR OWN
Is that what you, Jared and Ivanka were discussing out in the Hamptons this weekend?
Let's see what happens.
Take it up with the FEMA director.
I live in New Orleans. Our fear of a Katrina repeat is magnified because FEMA & NOAA have no Directors! Impeach DJT for dereliction of duty
Oh brother. Go take your meds.
Seems like YOU need medicating. It's HURRICANE SEASON! Oh, I get it. People in prone areas should just suck it up?
Your credit card or mine......http://www.usdebtclock.org/ 
Hey Chuck I thought NY didn't need the governments help and was going it alone ?
Don't we need a director for FEMA still?
Trump is too busy tweeting to care about what is needed in our country.
Ohhh I forgot... there is no UPSTATE! Chuckles!
Twitter labeled this sensitive material. Ha.
