Oh Chuck. Give it up. Trump isn't going to listen to anyone about anything! If you really care you should use your energy to #ImpeachTrump
Amen to that Nancy
I agree Trump was the worst idea he is going to put us threw it mark my words
He already is
Ik this but action needs to be taken war is on the rise and people will wish they done something
Exactly
Yes excatly help us. 
I don't care for your sarcasm in case you don't know what that means look it up in the dictionary and btw a dictionary is a book
Nearly 9 million jobs IN THE U.S. depend on trade with Canada!
1 hr of  trade in 21 seconds at #AmbassadorBridge 7,000 to 10,000 trucks a day cross here!Learn more @connect2canada #NAFTA 
Unfortunately Chris, they are in jeopardy. NFTA means nothing to DJT, continues protectionism and tariffs of CDN goods. Many say end NFTA.
NAFTA ended industries in the US which once dominated world production.Better study just how destructive Nafta is US has not benefited
Be specific with your Trump lies. General vague statements don't cut it.
There has been less benefits to the overall US economy thanoriginally thought.The trade deal has failed on many points read more learn more
Why don’t y’all listen to the American truckers an stop the ELD mandate. The ATA does not represent all truckers. @ELD_or_ME  represents us
Um. What he SHOULD do isn't particularly relevant because we all know he WON'T.

So what's your plan for that?
He wi do what ever he can. Support him and the party. Make those phone calls. Tell republicans to stop him. We will pay the price.
I'm not doing away from and mindless resistance. That leads to a party that can't govern. 

So what's the plan?
He won't
Make phone calls. Support the Democratic Party. Only hope take over congress 2018.
Which you have been a part of selling out this country.
Seems like sour grapes...ur party lost the majority and presidency. Now u want to losing side to have a say? hmmm
He has!  You should try it sometimes!
They are. No. NAFTA
Hey chuckle.what happened to Solar City coming to Buffalo NY.. you and como lied to Buffalo and upstate NY.EXPLAINE THAT
NAFTA cost me my 28$ an hour job. Chuck!
Lol yeah like they're actually gonna listen to constituents. Have you met this administration? Or rather, day care staff?
President Trump is doing what's right for AMERICANS,  unlike you and the rest of the liberal crooks.
Yes, because we know the public has the biggest picture and knows best.
Trump listen or exercise prudence?? Chuck, what altered universe are you living?
Now yer wakin chucky, don't climb on now. That boat left port. Chucky riding coat tails.
Your not President. Who cares about your opinion
Dado
The best outcome for US workers is getting rid of NAFTA.  STOP trying to bring down the Presidency you pitiful politician and do your job
Give me break that deal sucked for Americans.
Trump has not care about America workers
You, are seriously misinformed.
Unlike the original NAFTA agreement
Mr Foods, do you serve pizza in your restaurant????
Love ya, Senator, but we both know *thats* not likely to happen...
Ya think? He obviously listens to the public & stakeholders you silly boob, that's why he is the POTUS!
Get a clue, doofus!

I don't know, shouldn't we be talking about WW3, or police brutality, or machine gun access, or people dying in fires or massive floods?
Sir u should resign and stop lying to the American people oh my bad cause every time you open your pie hole u lie
Will never happen.  Sociopaths only listen to the voices in their heads like wind in the trees.  There is nothing upstairs w/ 45.
And just how long have you been listening? And you still haven’t done anything for the American people
Trump listen? To anyone?

Again Chuckie, you hate American workers and you know their only good for votes every 6 years.  Be honest.
These trade deals never do. They only people who benefit are corporations as it enables them to outsource labor and reduce standards.
I totally agree he's turning the us upside down.
When I read this (& tweets like this) I fear Democrats & the #DNC don't understand why, sadly, #Trump won. It's really alarming.
They understand it. They are ignoring it
Ignoring what for god sakes. They have been trying to do something for years. Are you living under a rock
Sure have, turning this country into a commie country
Nah, the platform isn't a communist one... That's just silly partisan rhetoric
He won’t. He could care less about the public. It’s all about him and his crooked family.
Bullshit
What a shame because President obama left us doing so well now the bottom is about to fall out. Republicans will make it worse.
We’re on the brink of a nuclear war and this is what you’re worried about
You really think that is possible?
They don't listen to anybody but themselves.
Make phone calls. Support the Democratic Party. Only hope take over congress 2018.
.  Maybe you should listen to the american people.
NAFTA is bad for American workers. It’s only good for political pay offs. Chuck retire already.
Cryin ck, was the originanal nafta agreement negotiated in the best interest of US workers.What about jobs eliminated with no safety net?
shimer doesnt care what the public think
When it comes to anything, you best vote how the American people voted behind @realDonaldTrump or you will be replaced by someone competent
This administration doesn't carefully listen to anything. They're also not actually concerned about the best outcomes for American workers.
Really you hypocrite.
Does he Ever do anything he SHOULD or is supposed to do?! 
NAFTA Sucks!!!
What do you care about American workers with your globalist agenda and your push for mass illegal immigration amnesty
Unlike NAFTA in present form,where our exports are taxed here& then again in receiving countries,while they wave their vat taxes on exports.
Uhhh, that's why we elected @potus! We KNOW he will negotiate for the best outcome for us, we the people!!
I think Trump hears more than you do.
Chuck the only time you listen to the public is reelection time. Time for term limits

Call Harvey chuckle boy. He has your answers and will give you more money.
When it comes to reading your tweets it reminds me of how big of a you really are
Public here,  get rid of NAFTA!!!!!
Do you really believe the public has any clue what NAFTA details entail?
I’m shocked
Keep staying in NY
Best outcome for Americans. You are so freaking smart. #keepupthegoodwork
I agree , BUT remember it was the Democratic Party that gave us NAFTA because they really didn't care about the American Workers!!
No he needs to deport them
He is listening fool. It's you and the dummycrats that isn't....stone deaf idiot.
NAFTA needs to be gone permanently
chuckie, shut the "F" up. you are a liar & obstructionist & FAKE
Great. Get out of the way and let the person who makes deals for a leaving do his job Chuck. @POTUS has Americas interest first. Chng happen
Trump listen. Get real. Please save us from this idiot.
Also taxing the rich does NOT grow the economy.  Don't take my word for it read this advice from a really rich guy.
He's putting America first, UNLIKE YOU!!  you need to get on board the Trump train. Elections are near time for you to retire
Lol, Chuck was in office letting this happen ..
Yeah the public elected him.  The results are overwhelmingly evident
President Trump is in Pennsylvania tonight the more he speaks the more we love him he speaks the truth always unequivocally
You bet he will. Hopefully with your support.
This from a guy who once said the Constitution is now whatever we say it is. It isn't! You are a partisan political hack and nothing more.
Workers? How about workers in NY? The ones that Gov. Cuomo is trying to steal from. Tell him to take his hands off our pensions!
He is listening to the public and the public rejects  your "One World" agenda! We Americans have a constitution and demand sovereignty!
Good luck with that! Trump’s all about himself! He’ll never listen to anyone and we’re all going to lose!
Big difference between you and him Chuck he cares about Americans. You only care about Democrats.  Time for you to leave take Nancy with you
We should not have nafta and just have no trade policy. Total free trade
He cannot unilaterally withdraw a treaty, it is US law because signed and ratified. Article VI says so.
So is Chuck fear mongering?
The answer is teaching from youth living the 10 commandments in particular thou shalt not kill!!! More gun laws is not the answer!
Hey Chuck, newsflash! That’s what he’s been doing for nine months
This prob should have happened when NAFTA was passed in the 90's
Chuck you should keep you comments to yourself
He was elected to do just that!!
They won’t because they don’t care!
You should be getting him out now! Don't let him do one more damn thing!
Like you did when you endorsed it? Please just retire
Weird because even though @TheDemocrats lost they dont listen ... weird
Shummer just go away
why you damn sure don't listen to the VOTING public.
You should try listening to the public
You don’t have to worry about this, Trump has it taken care of MAGA
As long as crooked agreements with Canada Mexico China keep making money uses will go to any lengths to keep the money coming in
It never ceases to amaze me how greedy some of your friends can really be
And you both do not care how many middle-class workers it hurts
No he needs to do what’s best for economic recovery meeting with the most successful and productive in industry and small business
Chuck,that's what he does,maybe you should take lessons listening to people.Also maybe you should work as hard as he does to helpthiscountry
Chuck you have dinner with Weinstein  you too look alike
Let the people who know something about trade deals handle this. It calls for expertise not a pandering nit wit looking for votes
Why not a peep out of Dem ldrshp on anything that's being destroyed? Ed Dept, EPA? Hacking? Where r u ppl? I'd be screaming!!!
Yeah like that's going to happen! He's trying to help Putin make us weak! Do something!!!
Oh Russia Russia Russia
That's why he's renegotiating Chucky. To give us a better deal. Something you folks chose to ignore once you passed it.
You lie. Same old story you Demo tsys dimg about tax reform etc
What stakeoulders Big Corporate Giants that screw Real American WORKERS Thats who you favor Chuckie NAFTA only helps BIG Farms

When it comes to tax cuts/reforms you should listen to the Democratic working class families. Tax relief is needed. Taxes are 2 high.
Dems are to stupid to listen.
@POTUS chuck  what do you know about business?   what experience do u have running a company? why do you think Mr Trump should listen
Why didn’t the dems do what was best for America the first time around???
Seriously?
I trust @realDonaldTrump 100% more than the stupid politicians that gave us NAFTA . Yes that means you clown 
That's his whole point, cry'n chuck
Oh I'm sure he will do a whole lot better than the dems did
NAFTA, as it stands, is not good for the people or pur country..can you not see that?
You took money from Harvey Weinstein. What a hypocrite.
@POTUS this is the funniest tweet I've seen all day.Schumer telling Trump how to do his job..Trump is Pres BECAUSE he listens to the people
It would be helpful if Trump and all of Congress listened to Americans. Constant party over America. Very minimal working together 
I am amazed at the superb language skills of your followers.
Where's your buddy Weinstein? How much money did you take?
Like the Socialist Democratic Party does?  What happened to the Russian fairytale Crybaby?
Alert: Chuck standing in an empty stafium talking to his grandstanding self . Fetid useless Senator who’s time has is to go! His own day so
I think he has... Good advice..
Yes you guys sure didn't
Change the "F" from Free to Fair, along with trade agreement.  Stop subsidizing our downfall.
Slow day at work today??
Work my ass. They are on vacation again.
your just as bad a Reid no brains just use scare tactics u should resign # maga.
PLEASE TELL TRUMP TO LEAVE PEOPLE ALONE AND START CONSIDERING ON THESE TERRIBLE DECISIONS HE IS INFLICTING ON THE STABITIBLY OF THE USA
Trump has yet to listen to the experts in the field he is destroying...his ignorance knows no depths.
If you think you know everything why aren’t you president?

What has the LACK OF RESPONSE FROM CONGRESS ON NAFTA DONE FOR AMERICA. Congress are millionaires.Do your Legislative Job
DO YOUR JOB AND GET HIM OUT OF THERE
American workers mostly are happy, we are swamped busy COMMERCIAL FLOORING INDUSTRY never been better. What's your point
End NAFTA.
@POTUS Mr Sch'r, since when have you cared about American Workers other than the 10% who are in unions?
You are joking right? Fascist Orange has his view everything else FAKE
Unreasonable request. #Trump's psychopathology doesn't recognize the existence of anyone but #CrayDon, so the logic fails. #KeepAmericaGood
That is SO not ever going to happen.  Trump is incapable of listening to any voice but his own.  His hubris is boundless.
You SHOULD DO THE SAME
The best outcome for America is let them have shares in the American worker stock
Americans should buy dodge automobiles as far as I could see thats the only automobile made in America
If we all started buying dodge you would see how fast ford and others would stop manufacturing 90% in Mexico
Let Japan Sell in Japan let South Korea Sell in South Korea and let America sell in America all the cars look and run the same anyway
If you had to work for a living Senator Schumer you would feel exactly the same way as the middle-class worker
All the lying that the media is doing he will come back on them minorities will see who was lying and who's telling the truth
History teaches us over and over again truth will win out over lies and deceit
Because the Dems have been any better about listening to the public?
Well Chuck, they don’t listen. Trump is adolescent hell bent on nixing anything Obama or anyone else did that had positive results
President Trump is looking out for us Americans. If you would listen to him and not the FAKE NEWS you would know that. Vote Schumer out.
Propaganda Chuck..
you should  listen to  @realDonaldTrump he knows more about this than you do
You should be for American workers-not globalist
WTH? Chuck.
In other words sell out America like the dimocrats do.
Please impeach this president.  Conduct a vote of no confidence! Stand together for the people!  Please.
What crime snowflake?
That's what he's doing the goober!
That's what he has being doing you nit wit. He's leading while you and the Democrats and McConnell/Ryan and many Republicans are being left in the dust. Take notes, this is how one leads. The American people are watching.
Good luck, Chuck..... 45’s not a listener.
I’m waiting for the punchline, Senator.
Since when have you or your party given a damn about the American worker. That's why Trump won! He cares and is doing something about it.
Wow,I agree with you, but you should practice what you tweet. Listen to the same people who need fairness 4 American business & wage earners
he has, that's why he's dumping it
@POTUS is the public choice. @SenSchumer MAGA resign
An ideaoff with “obstruct all ”hat. Dialed WH#1 & help. NY’r to N Y’r Leave bias home work for we the peeps first “Charity begins at home”.
unlike past administrations
Now ur worried for the American worker? You've taxed us to death, gave us unaffordable healthcare, increased national debt etc. hypocrite
How about you and Andy fixing the flooding on Lake Ontario? Fix you  hole state
you mean like Obama did
I just laughed aloud?!   "Carefully listen"?    "Best outcome"??? Are we talking about the same Trump here?
Focus on one thing, tax reform! Get it done!
Yeah you know best don't you.
his interests lie with his class the crop class
You misjudge America’s president, Chuck. GREAT leaders don’t chase the direction of the wind to make decisions-that’s what adolescents do.
Sayd the man who help create this problem in the first place
Good luck with that, Chuck.
Funny, you mistreat our Prez in ways WE never did Obama & yet YOU dare to lecture him? You, sir, are an evil, vile snake harming Americans.
#dotardtRump is incapable of listening, understanding and remembering
You should take your own advice and listen.
Please wake up.
When you start, maybe they will. Trump won but dems expect GOP to move to dems position. Don't work like that.
Trust Trump!
The faces of the Democrat party.
Obama never listened to the public when putting his policies in place.
Sorry I don't believe shit they say or do greedy bastards
Why do you think he wouldn’t? You sure love to tweet or do you have several staffers doing it for you?
Why did you vote for this trump should check who got paid for approval @JeffSession @realDonaldTrump
Hey Chuck that's what he's doing. Unlike when it was created under Bill Clinton. NAFTA since 70,000 companies out of the country.
That’s some clinton and dems didn’t do when they negotiated original deal
Why so much silence around the 4 green berets killed in Niger? Not a word from TRump or the GOP! 17+ dead in CA fires this week. Silence
