Puerto Rico truck drivers on strike? Why skids of supplies behind San Juan mayor w/no acitivity? Why traffic flowing? No comminity activity?
Can we make PR a pilot project for 100% green renewable energy? Send our best ideas down there, test, then scale up on mainland.
PR has been a guinea pig far too many times already. Seriously
In what way? I don't know much about PR, so it's a serious question.

Appreciate info. This is truly horrible! 
Still, I don't see how sending them green energy is equivalent. I want them to get the best energy
Me too, I think it's a great idea. There are wind and solar farms on the island. Unfortunately they were heavily damaged by the storm. +
Thanks for civil dialogue. I don't have all the answers, but there are very smart people who do. We could all do with weather-proof energy.
Thank u for the interest 
Why because they only have till September 30th to get it done what about the people who are paying to much for healthcare Trump 2020
Thanks for speaking up
It is for the millions of Americans who are uninsured because they can no longer afford Obummer-Care, or it's deductibles, Your Fired!!!
Send solar panels
Send LIFE STRAWS (FILTERS) instead of bulky, hard to transport WATER
You go Chuck!!!
Would U explain why it will take 4-6 months to restore electricity? No State/City in the US has ever gone 4-6 w/o electricity.
@NancyPelosi Would U explain why it will take 4-6 months to restore electricity? No State/City in the US has ever gone 4-6 w/o electricity.
Amen
Hellloooo #RedCross? #FEMA  @USNavy @realDonaldTrump anyone in the mood to rescue 3.5mil desperate #PuertoRico residents anytime soon?? FFS
Look @ interviews. PR didn't "need help" before. But they didn't prep like US See the supply skids behind the interview with San Juan Mayor?
Bot
How many are you taking into your home Chucky??????????????????
Governor of Puerto Rico is a Democrat. When you're trying to understand Trump's complete lack of response to this disaster, remember that.
U think TX&FL r only rep? U aware? PR hit 1K mi SE of FL. Maria still in Atl. PR airports down. US supplies behind San Juan Mayor not moving
It would take 6 years if you were in charge.
Shouldn't they bury their lines to avoid another disaster ?
So you are implying we can only do one thing at a time??  PR is getting massive assistance from the Agencies responsible. Not honest at all
you have all known for years the shape of PRico and you did nothing
If the grid was shit, and is now fucked, GO SOLAR
Government should offer to relocate all Puerto Rican citizens until country is rebuilt. Yes, it will be expensive but it's a MUST DO!
.....it is for me ... just 5 more days
Then get on it!!!!@SenShumer
Please same amount will lose insurance due to high cost and die you phony you need to be voted out @realDonaldTrump
neither are the protests in the NFL. All Americans have the right to protest BUT right now Americans are suffering.
U.S. Virgin Islands
Disaster relief takes a long, long time. Let us not forget about Texas and Flordia and the destruction that #Harvey and #Irma caused there.
Save #PuertoRico
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
Wheres the cruise ships.
That would help so much..shelter
Diversion, diversion, diversion, mean-spiritedness&just plain nasty. Coin of the "realm".
i love you
Sure it is because they can take healthcare away from 35 million with 50 votes if they pass it before 9/30, GOP thinks that's more important
Senator Chuck,,  PLEASE GET A VERY LOUD BIPARTISAN MEGAPHONE AND ORDER trump TO AUTH BASIC RELIEF   YESTERDAY,,,  PPL, BABIES  ELDERLY DYING
Never was for you anyway hack.
No! Puerto Rico? Is! Now!
Forget about it Susan Collins votes NO!
What are you all doing? Everything is broken in DC! Trump is out of control, no checks on him. P.R. is destroyed and minimal response.
TRUMP HELP PUERTO RICO NOW
RESPOND TO ALL AMERICAN STORM
VICTIMS NOT JUST WHITE AMERICA!
DO YOUR JOB
YOUR RACISM,BIGOTRY AND HATE'S SHOWING!
No it isn’t, unless those dopey republicans try to sneak it in.
Getting an American administration in the WH is job 0, 1, 2 aside from blocking Nazification in Congress. Thanks for pressing on, Chuck.
Under a diff. administration, I suspect we'd be seeing a lot more action on Puerto Rico.
Democrats did nothing for them in the last 8 years. The electric grid was so old it can't even be fixed.
Should have done your job months ago
At this rate is will take 6 years. Someone needs to help them NOW!
Thank you for bringing awareness to the situation in Puerto Rico
Stop effin tweeting, playing politics and do something. All hands on deck - people are dying by the minute and things are only getting worse
Didn't it take less than that to build skyscrapers and roads during the WPA? WTF.
Puerto Rico could well be hit by another hurricane.
Life you would realize that two storms that size and the devastation there is going to be more than an all nighter. Hop on a plane hero.
The fact is Chucky that there are many federal aid workers already there helping and more on the way. If you have ever worked a day in your
Why can't Congress work on more than one thing at a time? The rest of Americans & @POTUS do it every day. #MAGA #Get2Work #RepealAndReplace
Puerto Rico will Have Power Before #Congress Gets ANYTHING Done!
Agreed!! We must do something and NOW. Lives are at risk!
Send solar panels to PR. Establish mini grids with solar until electricity can be established.
can't the Senate do something?  Do they have to be shamed into helping our citizens?  there is no conscience in the WH.

@realDonaldTrump thinks it is... behind the NFL.
It's not trump care and he's obsessed with Obama
MY 85yo mother (lifelong republican) said that not long after he was elected 
Awwwww, mines 88, and she still brainwashed by him. But she's hopeless and we barely speak because I'm an atheist and she Southern Baptist
Awww, sorry 
Kneeling

This is beyond heartbreaking!  Get help to these people or bring them to the mainland!
The power will be restored. Repeal Obamacare now!
.....When he was sued twice for housing discrimination in New York City that blacks weren't the only people of color he wouldn't rent to.
@POTUS seems to be pre-occupied with more important things than brown people on an island that he can't tell apart from Mexicans.........
Enough then, WE MUST INSIST aid be sent IMMEDIATY!  Everyone call your congressmen!!
Bill +  Lindsey:  But we can kill way more Americans with #Trumpcare. Not at all funny, but it appears to be true...
Are you heading down to fix the power Senator?  If not, get to work and take care of both.
Please introduce emergency legislation for #PuertoRico. The president is a bully, not a leader. OTHERS MUST STEP UP fill the empty shoes.
@IndivisibleCA04 Somethings needs to be done. @HomeDepot @Lowes Can someone send gas generators, equipment to get things going?
Trump multitasks apparently u can't
Ppl in TX, FL, LA & PR-all suffering life changes whch may affect their views on USA healthcare but they're struggling, can't deal w/it now.
Does 45 know they are Americans? Does he care?
Tweets about football "trumps" issues that matter
Thank you! Christ, can they get a little help down there?!
#HelpPR
Congress, where is your priority to the suffering people of Puerto Rico? They need you right now &  all you can do is take their healthcare.
How bout Nuke carrier down there for water and the Comfort to take pressure off
Since the GOP president cares more about dividing the country Dems need to step up and help #PR #Florida #Texas Voters
Both is about color!!!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump's priority is throwing red meat to his base...not disaster relief, not healthcare, not human lives.
You an electrician?  Get your ass to work, Excuse King
Or we could deal with both. They aren't mutually exclusive. I can brush my teeth and pee at the same time.
Imagine if they couldn't restore power to Trump Tower for 6 months and could not get water in or Salt Lake or Des Moine
Allow FEMA to Fund Solar Power there.!  @fema @SenateDems
Chuck help shave off a few billion off the military budget and get it all done...Puerta RICO,Health care,infrastructure
Is military aid already on its way? Can you check on that for us? We're all in the dark about what's being done to help them!
What can we do as Americans to help? 45 is only worried about who's standing or who's sitting during the Anthem please help PR 
Trump doesn't care about Puerto Rico or anyone else!
Tell the President.
gather senators go to #PuertoRico help the people!
Correction: NFL racism and empty threats to North Korea appears more pressing.
Thank you!!
Neither is going after athletes who are kneeling and fighting for a better country, where equality means something.
Shouldn't it be dubbed Trump Care-Less"?
Disrespecting trump is a much more serious & important issue.
Nor is all the NFL bullshit
I agree, so stop this nonsense.  Use every law there is on the books to stop the Republicans who r willing to kill millions of Americans.
So where are you???  You need to be shouting this in front of every TV screen.....better yet...go visit Donald and get help to PR.
TX/FL received nonstop coverage for days. News need to report on 

Get #PuertoRicoRelief NOW!
Thank you! #dontforgetpuertorico
Schumer,  you are the BIGGEST PHONY, u don't care about anyone except yourself! #RESIGN
bot.  Go away
don't you think the 3.5 million americans who live in puerto rico would be better off with single payer?
AND all 45 is doing is tweeting about NFL players. I think he's still sore from losing that case in 1986. Appalling!
Is n't right for your extortion when our ppl required help regardless what in this world is happening. PR have Served our country honorable
Both result in the death of our fellow Americans. We can fucking multi-task.
He's spending his time getting back at anyone who he feels made him look bad.
democrats kings of propaganda.
We the people, can multitask.  Please fight the tyrant trump on healthcare, and make him help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico. Thank you
#StandForOurAnthem
And when is America going to send help to them? Take 45 Twitter away and let him get to work and do something
Yah better get to work Chuck! Roll them selves up!
Do 2 things at once
And the Virgin Islands: why are they never included in this conversation?
- it's shameful that you can't address both.  How many terms until you figure out your job?
Heartbreaking.
Even longer without the aid/assistance that should be provided to them NOW!
I will NEVER forget the GOP for this fraud of a president! I will never vote with the white supremacists party again! FRAUD & FAKES!
Sand how about childrens' health care? Reauthorize CHIP!
Finally, someone in Washington takes attentioin from NFL to real needs.   They need emergency help, like the NAVY for potable water, etc.
No such thing as trump care
Can we send a Nuclear sub to power them up to give them basic needs? Or is that too high sci for *45 to understand?
http://www.thepropheticyears.com/comments/Imminent%20danger%201%20-%20Electromagnetic%20Pulse%20explosion%20%28EMP%29%20over%20the%20United%20States.htm …
Why can't we send the navy?
They have NO WATER !!!  Please help them!  
Where is the US government's humanitarian help for Puerto Rico?  It's outrageous the US is doing nothing
Nor is #TakeAKnee Trump is only concerned about whipping up his most rabid fans.
Can you push to help to them? Its heart breaking
Trump Care?  That’s your first mistake Crying Chuck, I don’t care!
Should be able to quickly do both if you would stop being a commie.
Yes very urgent needs, many people have been crushed, due to mother nature. All hands should be on deck.
He's busy. NFL players need his attention

Yes healthcare is.. those ppl are going to need health and need not worry about mandated extreme cost now that they lost jobs, home, etc.
3.5 million people deserve every available resourse to help them Now however The GrahamCadsidyBill is an abomination for women's healthcare
You can thank the Extremely Corrupt PowerCo. Which was allowed by socialists bankrupt Govt! Free stuff for all!
The survival of the ACA is pressing to those that depend upon it.  Please continue the no votes to Trumpcare and helping the folks in PR too
Overheard in WH: "With trumpcare, many of them will probably die anyway."
American entrepreneurs will have the lights up and running in a few short weeks. Govt stay the hell out of the way
Oh is there pork in it to help turn the power on??
#TrumpCare = #DeathCare #DotardTrump @realDonaldTrump
Your talking while Trump is doing
Chuckie, YOU GO with your fellow Jewish Atheists and make it all better, and we will do the Constitutional work that needs to be done! BYE!
Where 's the Potus?
Chopper fly over PR? By military
Encouraging millions PR Americans &  help?
It seems @NFL and Trumpcare is, relief aid not expected to hit house for a week or two? What if @GOP had to live in the conditions they are?
What does ones have to do with the other?
Give me break. Do your freakin job!  Your part of swamp- slow walk one thing at time. Screw taxpayers wishes
But there are people kneeling before an NFL game sir. Priorities man.
#Crooked Donald
Absolutely right. Sad part is  @realDonaldTrump just wants to squash black men's 1A rights while this is going on #TrumpsKatrina
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59c7f699e4b06ddf45f89c7a/amp?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
They don't care about people's lives , look at the bill.
Recess the Senate so you guys can all go to Puerto Rico and string up new wire. Great idea, Chuck!
Not one person I interviewed this weekend realized that Puerto Rico citizens are U.S. citizens since 1917. No vote in Congress, no EC vote.
I bet Donnie doesn't even realize they're American citizens. He won't care because they can't vote. Sad!
Has nothing to do with it Chuckles and you know it and want to simply put off losing again...
Suffering 94 degree heat, contaminated water swirling around your home, no fans, electric, ice, food, shelter - need healthcare!
#lyingchuckschumer
Makes you wonder if the Rs and @realDonaldTrump even realize PR is a part of the USA ... or is it just more blatant prejudice from them!
Please propose emergency appropriations waive debt repayment and Jones Act so supplies can come in quickly
You're right- we should be able to walk and chew gum at the same time.
It would only take 2-3 mo. if big help did not have to pass through your Swamp, I believe, Mr Schumer
Neither is @realDonaldTrump obsession with the NFL......
You can only do one thing at a time?  You've got to be kidding!  Oh that's right. You won't get ANYTHING done!!
Prayers for Puerto Rico and everyone affected by the hurricanes!
Save Puerto  Rico  . Please God, Allsh, Buddha, ... All higher powers speak to @Potus  heart .... guiding him to put people FIRST  Amen
What heart? 
And your recommendation is?
Do you have a plan to speed it up? Or are you trying to turn a natural disaster into a partisan issue? 
Chuck quit lying to the American people. Trump will do all he can. By the way did you give a million dollars of your money for Texas?
I don't know you keep taking about how many people will die if it's passed
Restoring power is vital; healthcare also important. Sign ups for 2018 loom & with all the insurance carriers leaving; what's Dems idea now?
What are you doing to help Puerto Rico. Enough talk Senator. Those 3.5 million Americans are desperately waiting for help. Act now.
Here come the democrats excuses for not doing anything to fix Obamacare
Also once rebuilding starts, we need to make sure the likes of Toll Brothers doesn't take privilege to destroy the local culture.
You're just trying to divert everybody from the truth. Did you learn this while riding your bike into Washington?

2/ For example, does that really mean that it could take 6 months to restore power to 100,000 of 3.5 million Americans who lost power?
Does that mean that it could take 6 months to restore power some of 3.5 million Americans or all of 3.5 million Americans? ... 1/
The maybe 75 million who can’t afford healthcare are Ok? What’s  with congress, citizens multitask, You guys can’t. Fix both stop the BS
IMO it's more basic than that. These ppl will DIE due to lack of food, water and medicine. T needs to address that instead of kneeling down.
Could you remind the President that people in Puerto Rico are Americans and need help?  He seems more hung on on hating black athletes....
Not pressing for you, but for me it is. Premiums skyrocket. No coverage, high deductibles, now my part of VA not covered. Thanks Democrats
#Trumpcare is garbage and heartless @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins please do the right thing and say NO!
You have a narsacistic sociopath running your country...but somehow many people are completely blinded to this.
Scary times. Smh
Nor is whose kneeling for the anthem! Democrats need to vote! Elections have consequences!
