What about the money that goes to pay for the children of military people. That is by far a higher percentage. What about Viagra?
The military spends 8x what it would cost for every transgender member to have surgery on Viagra.
These Numbers come from the Army Times. Also 1 in 125 service-people are trans. That's 15,000 people to replace with recruitment down
Republicans are using this to distract from REAL issues that would F*** EVERYONE over. The cost of surgery is nominal in the budget.
Nominal means so small that it isn't noticeable for those who didn't graduate high school.
But they pay for planes that don't work and they are having trouble getting recruits, unless you want to volunteer to take 1 of those places
Chuck your correct but elective surgery should be out of their pocket not mine.
So paying for retiree wives who want plastic surgery, and ed is okay (yes this is part of military spending).
No, it isn't ok.
Military Healthcare is meant to cover any medical needs. 
I worked in surgery when I was in and we tied tubes and did vasectomies.
What is your point. Why should we pay for sex changes?
Yeah. Because these people fight for you, in a time where recruitment is down. The amount is negligible 1/10th what they pay for e.d.
Difference between me and the liberal "conservative"?  I think the military is way too bloated anyway.
Gender reassignment is a need for these people. It's not a choice.
Thank you for saying that! It is unbelievable HOW TRUMP NOTIFIED THESE BRAVE AMERICANS! Plz don't boast! Keep saying what you said tonight!
Thank you for saying this.
Transgenders should not serve in the military.
And the only reason they are is to get the funding for their operations. If they are that screwed up they are not mentally fit to serve.
I agree we must stand and fight for them.No discrimination at all.
It has been banned every yr but one. Please don't be a hypocrite on this!Tax payers shouldn't have to pay for sex changes! Period!
I just do not want to pay for sec-change surgery, do you?
Education time YOU DONT https://tricare.mil/CoveredServices/IsItCovered/GenderDysphoriaServices …
Toss the mental disorders out. They have no place in military. Dysphoria
You think so not wrong again Chucky
And nobody cares what u say or do either..Or what u think...and your stupid tweets are null in void...jerk
How can you accept a person when they can't even accept their biological sex? Unbelievable!
Another act of defiance.
In obama's world.
Aim high @usairforce
next election NY should go someplace like McDonalds and pick there sen.,Im sure they would have more common sense than chuckie
And I'll bet SOME of them have bone spurs and were Eagle Scouts!
Yes, but no more can enlist. That's a good thing.
RESPECT YOUR PRESIDENT AND STOP ACTING LIKE YOU ARE ABOVE HIM CAUSE YOU ARE NOT.HE IS THE POTUS WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT.
You seem to forget that you are NOT above the President. When you come up for election you are GONE
Thank you Chuck

Only in your dreams.
Liberals are such drama queens
This is a person that has never sacrifice his live for anyone and has the nerve to  criticize our servicemen protecting us.
Really? Then why is he currently serving our country for 8 years with no pay? I'd say that's a sacrifice!
We also have pieces of shit serving in the Democratic Party. That's unlikely to change too. @SenSchumer
who the hell died and left you king
No we won't, Chuck. Ur not the law-enforcer.
U r obstructing plain ad the nose on u r face
Clown speaks.
He's just talking out his ass cause his mouth knows better?
Doesn't he have to go through some process to make this happen? He can just turn people's lives upside-down w a flick of his tiny wrist?
They should be kicked out like the delusional wackos they are!
I think you're wrong Chuckie
Divert attention elsewhere. It's what narcissistic con men do!
Trump says & does these outrageous things to deflect from his real smoking gun issues. Russian investig getting too hot? Smoke & Mirrors!
So chuck how did your surgery go.
As long as we don't have to pay for their surgery or mental health issues
I appreciate your comments but they will have to be incongruent to who they are. How is that ok in a land that is supposed to be free?
Grow some tits Chuck.
shut up
You know it's a bad idea, but truth will never get in the way of a vote
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS U HAVE NO RESPECT FOR THE PRESIDENT OF THE U.S. OR AMERICAN WORKERS! Y R U IN CONGRESS?
CS-U CATER TO THE PPL U THINK MIGHT VOTE FOR U OR DEMS IF U PERCEIVE TO BE THEIR HERO. GUESS WHAT? YOUR FAKE & A TRAITOR TO THE AMER PPL!!
Canada banned discrimination of transgender in the military 25 years ago!!!!!!
Wake up Trump you are taking the US backwards!
From what we all see, is your trying to get rid of some Great people, there a 100 times better than you

You are a Hugh problems, you are only 38 percent, you jerk no one cares about you. You want loyalty, that is a joke
You are self serving!! Transgenders are mentally ill, just like you !!
SENATOR PEOPLE ARE FREE TO DO AS THEY PLEASE WITH THERE LIVES !AS LONG AS THEY DO NOT FORCE THERE IDEALS ON OTHERS!
NO it will not ..
Oh great, we have transgenders in the military and dildos like u in the Senate. What is the world coming to? #CryBabySchumer #DrainTheSwamp

they are very trouble people. i dont trust my country safety on their performace
Bradly/Chelsea Manning is such a stellar example.
The military is neither a social experiment nor a forum for individual expression. You may not like that, but that is a fact.
Yaaaaawn!!!  #ShysterShuckyChucky has spoken....or shall I say cried!!
DEMS making this a social issue when it is an economic issue. How unique. Keep up the demogogery. It suits you very well.
Wow I guess having a President isn't necessary these days...

Wouldn't @realDonaldTrump's feet be considered a #PreexistingCondition? He cowardly avoided the war bc of them...
But we damn sure aint paying for a sex change... chucky
so says the almighty chuck.
Yeah but we dont wanna pay for their surgeries or hormones. They can do that 9n their own dime. And we're not adjusting our standards 4 them
You are not in charge, and can no longer shove your agenda down our throat.
Dems do whatever they want regardless of the law. The rest of us have to follow the laws or be arrested or fined.
The message of hate. Democrats feed off of your fears to control u. So sad that you all fall for it
You climb in a hole with this Chucky
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW
Wow Chuck when did you come out of the closet ?
Question to all ! Should Chuck Schumer use the gay pride flag as his profile picture background to show his support for gays ??
Hey Chuck will you start doing your town hall meeting in drag to show your support for transgenders ?
Imagine Chucky in drag.
Chuck is a sissy boy himself.
Went did you support Hitler agendas and policies in your younger days Chuck? Why did you do that?
Did you forget that he's the duly-elected, Commander-in-Chief of the military, Chuck? #pandering #UpholdTheConstitution
If someone who has asthma isn't allowed in the military then neither should someone who needs hormones and other meds to transition
Mr Sen PLZ remind WH that transgender folks r in all walks life not just military. They're professionals like police officers and MD
Folks the public count on everyday. Ask if he's going 2 degrade them 2 Don better hope hell never have 2 depend on our friends 4 his care
Senator it is future not present. When CIC @potus writes the directive gives it to DOD. You dems need to read military directives and UCMJ!
US MILITARY 
Sleep with whom you choose 
Pee where you choose 
Serve if you choose ... #it'S nobody's business
exactly. The joker thinks he's a king!
Yes Chuckie. Trans were banned during Obama admin until the very end of his term. Where were your comments then?
I don't want to pay for someone's sex change
They need to vote you and a bunch of democrats out
LBGT ppl brothers, sisters and Americans in or out of the closet, R's want time when gays in closet, pervs ignored, women know their place
Real soldiers don't want them in the military and also guess who's with the transgender ban also the Muslims.They don't like feminist either
Yea right Chuck!! Guess if you were @POTUS you could make that decision but until then the #Military will do as directed.
Unimpressed by you sir..
These are the same people who stand on the wall and say not on my watch. This not time to bring dissension among troops.
It matters Sen Schumer.  When he makes statements like that the crazies of this world twist it and hate crimes start.  It matters.
Perpetuating a mistake is all you're supporting
Yeah but we don't have to pay for their transformation that's bulshit
You trumpy are the lowest of the lowest. Something made you want all transgender should not be able to serve there country.
Military men understand how mentally difficult it is in the military so it's no place for people who are mentally ill with 61% suicide rate
The GENERALS don't want transgenders in the military. They have Mental illnesses which prohibits them from serving like being bipolar!!
That's why they get into the military
Chuck, YOU have Bigger things 2 worry about. WE THE PEOPLE ARE COMING FOR YOU! #AwanBrothers Pakistani SpyRing in Dems House 4 12 yrs < more
Someone bought the transgender's over to your mansion for a pool parties and barbecues with your family, grandkids and yourself
You really have no idea how orders and the chain of cammand works do you? #CommanderInChief

We had them in when I was in decades ago. But we weren't forced to PANDER TO THEM! They just shut up and did their job. It's a circus now.
Stating the obvious! Are you a Player, or a Spectator? All talk no action is getting REALLY OLD.  Start Governing! #Participate
Good then you pay out of your pocket for transgender showers & bathrooms...Men and women feel uncomfortable showering with transgender peeps
Well ok, so there. No need to protest.
The only form of birth control that should be covered by tax dollars is the sterilization of democrats
Yep, but they will be keeping it secret and we won't be funding their mental illness.
Can't Mr. Mueller get #45 out of the WH before he does anymore damage to OUR country??
Who do you think you are? Trans will stay in the military illegals will stay in the country! You need to stop acting like it's all up to you
Let's get them out!
Really? who do you think you are? Your party lost remember.....go stand in the corner until it's time to retire, do everyone a favor!
Hey Bozo!! You're not in charge of our military so shut up
How are you above the law. Oh I forgot. You are a democrat.
YOUR RIGHT CHUCK AS LONG AS THEY KEEP THEIR MOUTHS SHUT ABOUT TRANSGENDER THEY WILL SERVE BUT ONCE THEY TALK THEY ARE OUT
Question-I get you're biased, I respect that. If you weren't married to a Transsexual would you seriously care about this issue as deeply?
And we have anti-American senators hell bent on destroying this country to pander to a few that are mentally ill. But your time will end
until they get out or forced out! You love them so much fake um home! 10-20 million a year just for penis,vagina removal! Free!
So long as they do not need ongoing&elective medical procedures sure.Military already bars anyone needing this kind of elective treatment
Soldier's are paid to have balls, not to have them cut off, so they can wear dresses!!!! Mental defect.
Transgenders in military long as they present themselves as males/ females genders they were born. military pays 4 service related injuries
They need to get the gender identity straightened out BEFORE entering the military. Being transgender is a proven mental defect.
You don't have the authority or the power to overrule your @POTUS. He is your boss.
Are you volunteering chuckles the clown
fix @lirr #lirr
Trump was testing whether he could rally military with tweets, maybe he could call the military to his defense with one of his fkg tweets
Transgender ppl have no place in our military!
And we're paying MORE for Viagra and Cialis.
Pretty sure the Commander-in-chief ranks slightly higher than you on military matters.
Wow. Reading these comments saddens me. So many ignorant people. It hurts my eyes and my heart.
Get them out.
Democrats need to be WATCHING TRUMP/scaramucci unethical BUSINESS dealings GOING ON IN the&BY HIRING mucci THE TAX BREAKS HE gets THRU sale
Uh, you can't do that Chuckie, you're not the Prez.
Chuckle Blow your rainbow  whistle and wave your rainbow flag  come on little boy cryer GO GO GO
May God bless you Chuck. I stand beside you in fighting the Donald.
Hey Schmucky....IT AINT UP TO YOU!!!! YOURE JUST A SINGLE CROOKED SENATOR AND NOT THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF IF THE ARMED FORCES...
CAN IT!!!!!
Somehow this sounds like far more of a witch hunt than the Russian investigation of @realDonaldTrump. It's truly cruel and discriminatory!
YOU ARE NOT PRESIDENT CHUCKIE....
Can WE request a #MentalExam 4 #Trump?
Hey he never said he was making them leave ass
Get rid of that unconstitutional jerk!  Or, all of us will be on anti-depressants!
Quit the social experiments. Elective surgery is not the Gov responsibility Chucky.
Off base so what you want.... On base   FOLLOW ORDERS and wear the Uniform you joined as ... No ELECTIVE SURGERY...
Trump is no one's Commander-in-Chief. Our armed forces will keep their qualified trans soldiers and seamen regardless of Trump's bigotry.
And if they keep their mouths shut and don't make that an issue they will stay as long as they want.
And we have pedofiles serving in Congress....right chucky?
Trump tweets at around 3ish in the morning which is 10 am in Moscow. That's when he gets instructions from his boss. Putin.
He should be GLAAD that someone was willing to do what he couldn't because his foot was hurt.
There's a name for that Chuckie, disobeying a directive from the president? It's called treason, you want openly admit that then? RESIGN!!
As long as we the ppl are not paying for gender reassignment and hormone therapy. U know Obama did this just to make next POTUS look bad.
Tough talk. But still no answers or constructive comments. Bla bla bla
Since when did you become commander and chief of the military.
you must be transgendered too. Where's your skirt Nancy?
Abortion should not be funded by the taxes either. Just because they change or made a bad choice is no reason for us to fund the abortion.
Good! Please do something about him I don't even live in your country and I can't sleep at night worrying about who is the next target.
Just because you do not like the gender that God decided for you does not mean you force others to pay for it.
The Federal Government should NOT pay for elected surgery or the medication. Our tax money are not meant for funding like that.
Yet erectile dysfunction is ok?  The Pentagon  spends 84million of your tax money annually on ED. Outraged?
@SenSchumer I see your tweet, were u up all night thinking about what to #tweet? I can see it now. Get some sleep buddy you're gonna need it

You have done nothing to assist with anything for what you are paid. Obstruction is not what you was voted in for.
What are you saying this for you control nothing. Your a untrustworthy Democrat.
Tax payer money for sex change operation for free ?
Yeah, you tell'em, Chuck. 'Cause you're a tough guy who stands up for the little people robbed by Wall St., your biggest contributors.
Hope congress has power 2 override this.  If so could you guys make this public so those who  & care abt these people can rest assured?
Trans ban is ridiculous & discriminatory. They honorably serve the country, and med expenses r only .001% of total military med expenses.
Sounds like U R threatening the President of the United States, may be you should be investigated or put in jail
