How do you know anything about small business? Your entire career has been in government, living off us. And how did that get you wealthy?
THAT'S WHY YOU SUPPORTED OBAMA AND HIS THUMB ON THE SCALES OF SMALL BUSINESS WITH HIS MANY REGS.
Yet you want to tax them out of business.
Small Business is essential to America.  So support @POTUS budget to re-establish and support American small business and the middle class.
And thanks to you obstructing everytime potus wants to do they probably won't get the relief they deserve
You have done absolutely nothing to help small business
Have you seen the economic devastation upstate NY? Of course you have
Yeah. as I remember Obamas regulations forced thousands upon thousands to close there doors. Obamacare was the primary cause
THEY WHY NOT JUST LEAVE THEM ALONE!!!
Well then you guys should've thought of this when you instituted a $15 an hour wage, ridiculous
Chuck Schumer is very convincing as a man.  Nice job doc.  Even the hairline only looks a little fake.
Shut down this damn government
Yes, and you are killing them off with the tax and regulatory burdens
Dems have been ruining small businesses...so you're a hypocrite and a liar.
So now your party has been tossed out only now are mom and pop shops important. Why don't you crawl back under a rock.
I'm small business Democrats destroyed my Industry and you didn't care Now you lost you stand up for us Where were you the last 8 years?
Y don't u come a little north , u will find a lot of and lots of dead trees and empty stores. Thank you for paying attention to NY.
So then support He tax reform plan that ThePres is rolling out middle class and small business get the biggest benefit
when did you make this discovery...pre or post obamacare
No more taxes until our elected folks explain in detail how our/their debt is so high?
Then why do you regulate them to death
Schmucky...everything you advocate stands against small business in america..you are completely clueless..i cant wait til youre gone!!
#maga
Hence the reason for Tax Reform. But you will still fight against it even though its good for small businesses #draintheswamp #AmericaFirst
And what have you done to help them?  Another dem who is all complain and no action.
Than why did U Reid and other Dems allow BHO to run small business out of business. Thanks to Pres Trump their coming back.
Chuck Schumer is very convincing as a man.  Nice job doc ------everything looks real but you should've done better with the phoney hairline.
that's why they need the tax breaks to allow them grow and hire more people. That's good for everyone
TRUTH BOMB!

Newt Gingrich: "Schumer is adopting a strategy that says: weaken America to strengthen the Democrats."
Like you and your party care about small business, if you had your way, your regulations would put them out of business.
how much longer do we have to endure this president? People are going to get tired ; we can only march so many times.
So why not give the small businesses a break and support the President's Tax Plan?
Business like these are being physically attacked by left wing terrorists. Condemn them now.
a very GOP remark Chuckie.


Schumer if you truly mean this than vote for our president's tax reform bill!  Otherwise stop the lies that you care so much for small bus
If you believe that why did you, Obama, and @SenGillibrand allow the stifling regulations passed in the last 8 years? #clueless
To late everyone has realized the dems don't care about small business owners  and  blue collar Americans.
Yea Chuck, we need a small business tax cut from 39% to 15% that will get the economy moving again

To Dems, slavery never ended. They want to control everyone from cradle to grave. #DemocratLiesMatter  
Then why do you regulate them out of business?
Democratic twists
Yeah thank God Trump got in you guys almost destroyed the small business sector
can't Congress, the gov, and/or IRS make a distinction btwn true small businesses (>50 employees) & what it defines as small businesses now?
So why do you work so hard at making it more and more difficult for small businesses?
Wait, you mean you didn't tax them out of business yet?
Chucky what is essential is you and your cronies start to work for us. When I say us I mean all Americans. 105 days of do nothing work work
Yep and raising min wage to $15 would put them right out of business.
Ooooh, do I sense the ice is cracking?
All of a sudden, with Dems responsible for 95 million out of work force, they care about JOBS & businesses.
Every small business across America has struggled. Time to left them up and rebuild our nation. That requires both parties to unite together
And Dem policies make it harder for us small biz owners to survive and thrive. We want to hire more and provide more benefits
Fuck New York!
The @HouseGOP wants to gut overtime protection to celebrate 
An yet obama tried to tax em to-death with libs cheering him on
So why have you not done anything for the last 8 years? Now Trump will have to fix your screwups, you dont know how to create jobs is why
@realDonaldTrump Ok, Sir Schumer. Are you in support for a %15 Corp Tax Rate?
Yet you are opposed to POTUS' s corp tax cut which incl small businesses.
Then why didn't you lead tax reform and Aca repeal?
Sometimes I'd swear you're conservative....

Step away from Long Island you vile being
And you and your leftist friends did everything they could to destroy small business with high taxes, unaffordable mandatory Obamacare!
So vote for our tax reform.
Is the reason Dems are on notice that their days are numbered.
(212) 486-4430
#DrainTheSwamp 
#MAGA 

new York Jew


Then pass the tax bill!!  You talk out both sides of your mouth.
PRES. TRUMP IS TAKING CARE OF SMALL BUSINESSES WITH INTEREST RATE% -REDUCED-PLUS A NUMBER OF OTHER THINGS.????
Care as much for our country as you dislike Trump.
Don't franchises count in the "small business" arithmetic, allowing small business provisions to boost companies like McDonalds
So why aren't you supporting tax reform and kill obamacare and really help small business owners? I forgot you are indebted to Soros
Yep how many are created in NY that last because of regulation and crazy taxes? Not many. You give away to Soc Services and run business out
True. So stop obstructing and get to work WITH POTUS!
HAVE WE BECOME A 3RD WORLD COUNTRY? WE MUST OUTLAW THIS DESTRUCTIVE PROTESTS WHICH ARE PRECURSOR TO COMMUNISM!
C.F MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
Right now, small businesses are gettin' the shit taxed out of them! Vote for tax breaks!
They why are you choking them with retarding regulation? Drain the swamp of this obstructionist.
All the more reason needed for tax reform
So don't try and raise the minimum wage bc that would put those small businesses out of business and ruin our economy.
damn shame the civil rights movement happen, gods damn it???
For a second there, I almost thought you cared. NOT!!
Than we expect you to vote for cutting the business tax to 15% so that businesses can flourish.
