@GOP holds fingers in ears
NOT wanting to accept truth that
they would not hold the power
without voter suppression, cheating, Russia's help
They helped by exposing @HillaryClinton's corruption? You cry about who leaked the emails. But you fail to see the corruption they contain.
HRC is a saint compared to present admin; you all just refuse to see it. Tell me what volunteer work & Charity Dump & Co have done. Wake up.
Tell me what charity work Killary did?  Taking millions for her "charity" from Russians after giving them 20% USA uranium?
http://www.snopes.com/hillary-clinton-uranium-russia-deal/ … I can keep on posting these but if you are a Russian bot or a brain washed GOP ball licker it won't do much good
Fact checkers all over found this false but keep on drinking the kook-aid. Jim Jones would be proud
You mean those liberal ran fact check sites? Please. Take your ten followers elsewhere. The real majority will show you AGAIN in 2020 TRUMP!
This is sanctions. All that whining abt Obama not doing enough, but TraitorTrump wants to give back their spy bases & refuses to do a thing.
Yup! Even refuses to fill the jobs in his admin & he calls himself the "jobs president" while 100s of job's remain unfilled.
Thank the obstructionism of the Democratic Party for this
Afraid not. Your dear traitorous leader hasn't even nominated anyone for most positions, in spite of his bs lies. This is not on Dems.
I would rethink your statement buddy. Think real hard, you can do it
So in spite of fantasy fox land of lies, there's truth, and then there's Traitor Trump.
Traitor is reserved for obama and clinton
You are sadly uninformed. I hope your deprogramming goes well after they are all in prison for treason. Go back to Faux News.
There is absolutely no reason at all that Russia should have access to compounds on American soil right now
I guess you're just to ignorant on world politics
Comments like yours remind all of us just how important an education truly is.
The Kremlin can pound sand on this one.
Wish they were, but Trump is playing into their hands w/ private Kremlin mtgs in the Oval, etc. All about lining Trump/Kushner's pockets
Wow, good thing Ukraine publicly apologized for interfering! Soros bought huge tech company in Ukraine if I read report correctly?
Your party ought to know!
Political wisdom would be for the @TheDemocrats to find a platform more in tune with middle America.
You know nothing of political wisdom, YOU LOST and Did not know it, your wisdom said that you need to cheat and rig to win a fake convention
Give the power to the people! Not just the people with money! CFR28 Explained https://youtu.be/IYMuAT2uS3Q  via @YouTube
Only #Democrats are permitted to do that.Retire Chuck and take your career politicians with you.
Oh but it was ok for Obama to campaign against Netanyahu in Israel? Chuck the Schmuck?
Like you know anything about "Political Wisdom"
Did you ever mention that to @DWStweets and @HillaryClinton ?  #hypocrisy
Doe's anyone else find it suspicious that Dems didn't surmise Russian involvement until they lost? Then when they lost the Russians did it!
for fuck's sake.
Hypocrites aka democraps
You should give the same advice to the @BarackObama administration who tried to interfere with the Israeli elections.
As in the wisdom Obama used in Israel and Ukraine elections ?
Nothing like an ambiguous comment to further a discussion. Please add specifics.
Ask your 9 followers Ethel , perhaps they can enlighten you on my comment in regards to the comment Chuck made in the header .
Ah, the typical response equating number of followers to intellect or validity of a comment. Enough said.
You see Etlel,thecomment was not ambiguous.It was in direct relation to Chucks comment in the header .Sorry your 9 fallowers couldn't help
Yes, it was . You stated something as a fact but offered no supporting evidence.
#Schumer (&Macron) equate anti-Zionism with anti-Semitism so as to target #BDS – Mondoweiss http://mondoweiss.net/2017/07/schumer-zionism-semitism/ … Shredding 1st Amendment!
Patriotic wisdom would have been to not lie about Russian/Trump collusion when you knew better. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_riRVKF1vE … You are dishonest.
Hussein knew all about it.  Too bad he just let it keep happening.
Complete hypocrisy. Hillary/Bill took $145 million from Russia, Bill doubles fee, HRC sends uranium,  & Dems COLLUDED with Ukraine. Unreal
Chuck, did any Russians actually vote in the 2016 election that caused HRC to not be elected. The answer is NO. U guys platform sucked bad!
The liberal media told us that HRC was winning and that election was not rigged they lose and suddenly it's rigged
Reading Podesta's emails didn't affect my vote.
Chuckie, its you who are letting our govt "leaders" look like a bunch of jackasses. If they wanted to create hostility, you helped fuel it.
like hillary talking to russians and obama spying
Sit down and shut up, your time is passed! Let the one's who want to work, Work!"Democrats"do not exist! You are a bunch of cheats ,crooks!!
please resign now
I think what Kremlin means is " Trump, you better put up or shut up. The money is due. Foreclosure will happen"
Political wisdom would be for democrats to stop being laughingstock by everything Russia. How about 20% USA uranium Hillary gave to Russia?
Okay, lesson: Yes uranium was sold but it was done through channels as per US law. She didn't 'give it away' unilaterally.
What about the millions of dollars given to  "Charity" owned by Killery? Only 6% to charity Yes, she had help. Obama could have squelched
We voted for President Trump because we are sick of your liberal policies, period...
BETTER LOOK IN THE MIRROR CROOK!  AMERICANS KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT YOU CROOKED DEMOCRATS!!   WAKE UP
Political wisdom would have been to stop them during Obamas 8 years at the controls of all US security apparatus.apparently too much for him
What is Congress going to do when he gives their spy houses back?
SENATOR SOMETIMES IT TAKES A OUTSIDE FORCE !OR A CHILD; TO SHOW THE LIGHT! AND PATH TO UNDERTAKE!  THOSE THAT LISTEN TO OPINION ARE WISE!
USA hopes Russia finds "political wisdom" not to mess in our shit!
please resign now and then I will be happy to
Unless Hillary won right chucky???
Sorry Chuck Move On! You Work For Us!#faketears
Checks and balances are important to our Democracy!
I think the kremlin needs 2b reminded that they are not in charge,even with trump administration where it is! We are & never will be russia!
#shutupchuck
same with Obama meddling in Israeli elections.
Wish Obama handled this while it was happening since he said he knew about it.
OBAMA took our hard earned money and used it to defeat Benjamin Netanyahu!! Chucky, were you okay with that???
Tell that to CNN-for handing out questions to preferred candidate before debate.
"Wisdom" would be to work not obstruct. Time for a new job for you.
Why do you think Pres. Obama did nothing when he learned of this in August 2016?
Chuckie watched the DNC run Bernie out of the race and now cries about interference.

AWESOME.
What universe do you live in? Chuck you sound like a schoolboy not the senate leader of the Democratic Party.
Political wisdom is when America finally sends u to pasture with the rest of ur kind America save r country 4 ur children Vote all dems out
That's right CORRUPT Dems shouldn't have interfered in our Democratic elections. OBSTRUCTIONIST and LIAR!
Chuck couldn't agree more, when will the Ukraine/Clinton investigation start? Need to make our elections safe.
Ukraine ok?
I mean, they are just "hoping"...that's noting sinister. You know when Putin wants you to do sth. No ambiguity there.
But Obama interfered in the Israel elections with tax payer dollars! Anything to say to that? The Chinese and N Koreans hacked the Dems too
It's Hitlerite slang for "you know the consequences if you don't do what we say". #altgov #theresistance #resist
DNC and Clinton broke that rule a long time ago, why are you lecturing others when you can't even get your own place in order!
Talk about being delusional. Everybody keeps forgetting the 11/8/16 election & who made it happen! We R NOT Done Yet!! @TheDemocrats
Tell that to Obama. He should have kept his nose out of Israel's elections.
Dem Pres administration sold 20% of US uranium to Russia & did nothing for months after finding out about Russian hacking
Your as corrupt as all the rest. Sad. So UnAmerican
Did you tell Hillary and her husband/ obama & his administration, you, pelosi, comey etc/ course not / corruption is the logo of democrats
THE TRUTH IS THAT HILLARY & HER EMAILS TURNED THE AMERICAN VOTER AGAINST HER & ALL DEMOCRATS. IF ELECTED SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN IMPEACHED
Why are we bending to threats? This is NOT the US we grew up in, this is now a toilet that 45 & friends take a dump in then say its not crap
Now you say this? They have been doing it for decades. Trump wins all on his own and all of a sudden you care. That's rich.
Sorta like Obama interfering with Israels election?
Political wisdom- stop trying to get more dems voted out of office with your stupidity.
Sounds like a left handed threat to me?
That goes for Both sides,thank God Clinton is not in office.
The assertion Russia somehow influenced the election, is calling 63 million voters idiots.  Is that your claim?  #Pathetic #GarbagePolitics
Really Chuck, really? How many elections has the US interfered in?  I think about 40 countries. U know what they say about throwing rocks.
Senator, alotta this #Cult45 stuff is small, but the #25thamendment calls for High Crimes AND misdemeanors! Plz, Mueller is coming, answer.
Trump people have email scandals. Where r his tax returns? He's playing so much golf? What about Russia? His making $ off our tax dollars!
Trump is Putin's little B let's face it.
be careful chucky. bet the USA has done the sem thing with cwertain countries! come on fess up!
You should have reminded Obama of that!
@Varidienne @Reuters RIGGED GA  NOW WILL CONTINUE TO  WITH MAFIA.  CONFIRMED.  IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED NOW
Wrong Schumer, political wisdom would have been if the past Senator from NY followed the government policy on computer security
Or for the DNC to have the FBI help secure the servers. But they said no because they were involved in election rigging themselves.
Like we don't do it - get real

Political wisdom would mean not electing you and Nancy Pelosi over and over and over and over!!!
the Kremlin can go f*ck itself. (sorry Chuck)
I've got the Kremlin's "political wisdom" right here...
Like Obama did with Israel?
Says someone who undoubtedly supported US meddling in Israels elections while Barry was "President".
I think we should put for sale signs in the front yard and sell them as HUD houses!!!
There is nothing to discuss re: lifting sanctions. In fact new sanctions to come. @Michael36776349
Russia attacked us in an act of war to install a Vichy Government with their preferred leader.  F Russia.
Precisely. Why do we bend to Putin?
Senator, we don't need to respond to bait from Putin. You all need 2 see bigger Worldview on what he's doing. It's strategic not reactive
Mutual exclusivity = wisdom & @realDonaldTrump
Response to Putin's kremlin: Political wisdom would be NOT having a candidate like Trump thatpartners W/foreign gov & thinking it acceptable
Political wisdom would be NOT having a candidate like Trump thatpartners W/foreign gov & thinking it acceptable
You would think the DNC would have handed over the servers to FBI but no what were they hiding?
This is the same Party that would not stand up to Russia during the Carter administration.
Tell that to Obama with him trying to influence Israel  elections!
Democrats whinnying when they don't get their way!


Chucky, you already know the didn't affect one vote, not one.
manipulate lies & loaf around your office, disagree&ridicule anyone that #resist your view using erroneous rhetoric&Hate! Try working #MAGA
Chuck the only proof we have is the dems were colluding with the Soviets!!!
Nah HRC wasnt flawed at all & DC is not corrupt and elitest - keep sticking to that story it is working out great
Soros' son deliver your monthly check the other day? Did you have taxes withheld? No? Time for the IRS to investigate @realDonaldTrump
I don't care what Putin "hopes".  We will dump DT. Punish Russia and regain control of our country.  We're plenty politically wise to do so.
'unacceptable for Moscow' = direct threat from moscow ... what, in heaven's name, will be leaked when they don't get their spy houses back?!
Political wisdom would have been to have a decent democrat candidate instead of crooked Hillary.  Your own fault you lost.
How many elections and dictator overthrows and attempts have the US participated in.
Breaking: Schumer more worthless then a close pin holding our flag during a hurricane. The man has no influence, nor care for his own voters
And the evidence to support that is ................
And they interfered how?
2
Political wisdom: learn from history 1
Democrats should of locked back door,  you thank? But pleasant to hear you be relevant.
political wisdom would be to protect against cyber attack & to seek assistance from Home land Security & not hide the server in a closet
We need wisdom to countermand the idiocracy your party forces on honest hard working Americans. Term Limits now. Remove the swamp creatures.
You sound like you have a golden ruble stuck up your _ ss.  MAGA 
Ohhhhh you have HARD EVIDENCE today?  Well let's hear it. 
But you can't can you...because it is all a made up lie.
Why does Kushner, @IvankaTrump still have security clearance?
Why does anyone in the last admin? All traders.
Wisdom?? Really, look, you are in an 8 year time out, sit down and shut up.
True but Now Give it up. And get to the Business of Our Country.. STOP THE WITCH HUNT...
On target. As well as having Trump n Crew not reach out unethical.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
Isn't that Obamas Russian spy camp
From our perspective,but from theirs,they're "wise" enough to be getting away w/ it all while Trump & Co. lie all the way to the bank.
OK,When Do WE Stop?-#US Interfered In #ForeignElections 81 Times In 54 Years http://yournewswire.com/us-interfered-in-foreign-elections-81-times-in-54-years/ … via @yournewswire
Clean UP UR own Back Yard B4 U complain about others!
Blah blah blah
Please keep up the fight to uncover the traitors.
Yes, please do. The more it's looked into, the more we find out how dirty dems are.
You are not being intellectually honest.
Where is the sanctions bill? Can we get that passed? Why is the house and WH sitting on it?
I wonder if Ukraines interference has anything to do with this Russia narrative?
POLITICAL WESDOM FOR YOU TO RETIRE
We do not want them here, its like granting them permission to interfere in our democracy,next president must prosecute trump,pence sessions
Right, cause the U.S. NEVER interferes I other countries elections, business etc...
Did you tell that to Hillary Donna and Debbie?
Nobody interfered in our election
From the leader of the party that actually cheated in our election. Stupidity is contagious amongst democrats.
1. Raise hand. 
2. Extend middle finger.
3. Aim at Kremlin. 
4. Blow kiss.
Get over it. Trump won fair and square even w/ a liberal media and $billions thrown against him. You had a joke in Hillary & did not know!
Wisdom is an oxymoron with anything trump
Why does Kushner, @IvankaTrump still have security clearance?
Cuz, daddy won't revoke their status. He holds the cards we are stuck with an enept GOP that uses his ignorance for their gains.
If Barry had "wisdom" he'd done something about it when he found out.
Has the @DNC decided to permit the @FBI to inspect its email server yet, so it can determine if there is any evidence of "Russian hacking?"
How about Right vs Wrong. President McDummy always chooses wrong!
You mean like NOT passing debate questions and pushing Bernie out?
Hell no.  They can't move in there.   Pretty sad when Russian spies live in a better home in America then Americans.
They should have used political wisdom before they rigged our election.
Sounds like a threat from the Putmeister, right? "Hope we find the wisdom". See the sweat on Trump's orange upper lip?
In what world is that a threat to anyone other then paranoid schizophrenics?
Either you haven't followed how Putin works, or you're trying to obtuse. Either way not worth an argument with you. Bye bye
Hahahahah. Us Adults in the real world deal in facts, not opinions from supposed Putin experts. Thanks for confirming you're loony though.
But Hillary can?
Who?
We're talking about the president, not your imaginary nemesis.
It also MEANS the US not interfering in foreign elections either!!!  Did you not send this memo to Obama?  Or does it only matter now??
"Pot calling the kettle.....
Obama shrugs off Russian hacking — until Donald Trump elected president. Go Figure, bet there wouldn't have been a problem if Hillary won.
Then why don't we stop meddling in others elections.
You dems interfere every where
like Ukraine was doing by meeting with Hillarys people, but hey that's ok right?
They want it back so badly.  I would not trust them.  #Trump would, but they can not be trusted. Something is fishey here.
Warmonger
Hum, DNC-Ukraine, Obama opening up wiretap on RNC candidate, DNC collusion with MSM, etc! Political Wisdom-here is your mirror !
Blah blah  you broken record. I guess you're one of those that don't mind being sold out or being lied to constantly by this administration
I see you like your kool aid. Bottoms up
You've really hurt my feelings there James. lol

So, the DNC igrnoring the voters and throw @BernieSanders under the bus, but @DonaldJTrumpJr takes a nothing meeting and destroys democracy?
Remember pissgate, when dems assembled a dossier of kremlin "info" on Donald Trump? Liberals no nothing but intellectual dishonesty.
I hope the secret service went through the whole building, and landscape to look for spying equipment and records. Also maybe hidden spaces.
Hahaha have you ever been diagnosed with a mental illness?
It's like opening a bar to make money, then bitching about all the drunk people in there.  
Political wisdom would have been to have better cyber security on dnc server. Leave the door unlocked, you will eventually get robbed.
Very unwise you comment on this. You shit your pants about TRUMP, but all's well for Obama did something Trump did not.
Chuck...I trust you have a couple extra bulldozers on stand-by, just in case?
Do not give back access to these compounds just so they can use them as bases to undermine future US elections.
How easy you forget, How about our President OBAMA screwing up Israel's election, The SOB should have been impeached.
Relay your thought to Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Donna Brazile
Well, you Shoulda told Hillary when you had the chance Chuckie! What she didn't destroy; You, Piglosi, Waters & your RINO Buddies did! #MAGA
Make that basic human instinct...
C'mon, Chucky. If HRC had won you leftist would never be spewing that garbage. This had no affect on the elections and you know it.
Please pass this wisdom to HRC, Debbie Wasserman S and the DNC. TY.#MAGA
So why was it OK for Obama to meddle in the Israeli election in 2015, @SenSchumer ?  Please give us a justification for Obama's actions.
Blah blah blah Obama blah blah blah Hillary her emails blah blah blah
Insert head in sand...nothing to see here
You're defending a Russian dictator by saying the US does bad things too, you f'ing traitor.
If Obama would have stopped Russia in June-August, 2016. There would be no interference.
Speak it Mister Schmer!Why does the Trump administration keep lying to the American people?It's like they think we're all stupid!
I meant Mister Senator Schumer. 
The kremlin found an easy & willing mark. #TrumpRussia
How about Israel there Chuckie boy...How much $ sent to change that outcome? i know you wont answer but just asking for a friend
The USA has no obligation to protect Kremlin spy compounds, or to permit their continued use.  Period.
Russians saw a dummy ripe for the picking in @realDonaldTrump and couldn't help themselves. Like taking candy from a baby.
You forget that  DEMOCRATS interfered in Russian election FIRST
Right, Its only ok if interference means a democratic president.
Stand your ground Chuck. Thank you for all your info.  Insite & being a great senator.
Hes an idiot...
chucky just showing his stupidity when it comes to politics
Political wisdom of the left was to run HILLARY CLINTON
I got it. Old man Trump could make those two Russian spy compounds his first national monuments! @secretaryzinke @realdonaldtrump @interior
Or they could be redone to house all the sick babies born after they vote in the deathcare bill. Most women will have little/no birth...
The irony being that at the moment is literally just ACA 2.0 but libs don't realize that when bad mouthing it.
This is a gutted format taken from the ACA model.  They have turned a program that could have been fixed (instead of sabotaged) into ...
a tax break for the rich, penalizing women for being women, penalizing children for being poor & overtime will kill off the elderly...
& disabled. Therefore it is now a deathcare bill that will create jobs in the funeral businesses.
How is it going to kill off the elderly?
By tripling premiums & cutting medicaid.
