On Transgender Visability Day?  Am I missing something?
You could say the same about Vladimir Lennon.  But I bet you won't.  What did the hammer and sickle represent Chuck?
Chuck Schumer, do you really think the minorities will consider you a leader when you suck up to their concerns just to get votes? Retire!
absolutely no tell me what you Democrats are doing to remove DJT   action speaks louder than words  and you are a master of them
Cesar was an honest man who cared about the workers, , not a phony fake career politician like Chucky Schmucker.
You hate Russia for communism. You love Chavez for communism.
He only cares about the votes. He's just a #soreloser 
You ought to do more research on Cesar Chavez, Senator. You know not what you say.
You will be remembered as a small man Schumer
Someone you could take a lesson from.....
You do know that he didn't have many good things to say about ILLEGAL ALIENS, right Chuck.
That's good. Can you also honor our men and women in law enforcement and armed forces who put their lives on the line for all Americans!
That's not part of chuckys agenda
You don't care about fairness justice and equality that's not part of your agenda it's all about chucky not the American people
Guess he makes a face for a t-shirt but he was just a criminal and a stooge.
Yes , he wanted illegals equal to citizens.  We need immigration laws like Mexico.  Take your globalism to another nation. Evil
Compared to GOP leadership we have now (Congress included) 
memory of Chavez's integrity even more special.
Integrity sadly rare nowadays.
Only a Democrat would honor a criminal
and staunch border supporter. Something you are not. He knew how damaging illegal immigration is. You'll never learn though.
u left out "COMMUNIST"
You can honor him because his parents didn't choose abortion. We are killing the future great men and women of our land for convenience sake
Great Senator Schumer. And today we honor other great men; @realDonaldTrump @VP & Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch. God bless them & the USA
I'm so curious, as a self described Christian, what do you find Christ like in any of the people you mentioned? Serious question.
You will hear crickets. These christians have no morals at all.
please resign now
CHAVEZ would not stand with you. Read a book.
Dems new agenda is to increase their voter pool by bringing in illegals and refugees. Great Americans have figured them out as fools.
unions artificially inflating wages instead of supply and demand creating wages.  Yay Communism!
Are you kidding Me . No wonder why you are losing. Did you just come out of COLLEGE. Now I know why America is failing. yOU & Pelosi BAD
oh sounds more like the description of the Supreme Court nominee Judge GORSUCH to me!!!
you sold your soul to the devil, you are a shame to our country as Senator
And completely against illegal immigration. Let's honor him by building a big beautiful wall.
chump
Who also hated wetbacks. His term not mine
Sen Scmuck you're nothing but an egotistical narcissist, political blowhard.
Communist
Fought for the rights of workers in the fields.
Chuckie boy u have a lot of hard working citizens in your state.When did u stop following the rule of law?Senators have a sworn duty to it!

How would you possibly be able to recognize or relate to someone who knows and works for equality and fairness? Traits you don't have
Don't forget that his main issue was that farm workers were & still r exposed 2 chemicals. Workers that now Trump call criminals!
Fake news!Only those who commit crimes. Bet those illegals won't work on low paying jobs if eligible for food stamps  & health care benefits
FAKE FAKE!!! Girl u need to check facts not repeat Trump's words. U can do it! It doesn't hurt 2 think.
If alive today, Cesar Chavez would be appalled by the amount of illegal aliens we have in this country
Huh, y 17??? #let'emdrow
n all eye got is a nine year???
To this day, I get a residual twinge of guilt when I start to eat grapes.
Cesar Chavez believed ferociously in the border of the United States —
a complete opposite of you
Thanku Sen Schumer. This is important to acknowledge. Cesar Chavez was a true hero.
Working Hard For The People? Not!
I think he's in Trump's cabinet. I hear Frederick Douglas brought him in
Chuck i will ask u like I asked Nancy. Have you ever been to Crystal City Tx.Then don't talk about Mr Chavez until u do. U will learn a lot.
Man Of His Word! Not Like You Chuck!
and supporter of legal immigration. Often called authorities on illegal immigrant farm workers. Celebrate Cesar!
Who, unlike you, had priciples and values.  Stand for your principles not your partisan BS.

Quite the claim there dude. Got any evidence?
He was a true icon. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
Great Man?
Celebrate responsibly big guy!
YES!!! Thank you for remembering César Chávez!!!
TODAY WE HONOR CHUCKY! For his neverending flow of tears. Go Chucky!
Matthew 9:13
But go and learn what this means: ‘I desire mercy and not sacrifice.’ For I did not come to call the [1/2]
righteous, but sinners, to repentance.” [2/2]
