4, @chuckschumer Ted Kennedy had the BEST Government Paid Healthcare! #SteveJobs spent $100 MILLION & yet both still DIED! #ObamaCare KILLS!
Do you think "healthcare" means "magical immortalizer"?
What the Fuck does that mean?
"Immortal" is a fancy word that means "live forever".
Um, ok, I know what Immortal means, but still don't know what YOU mean!
Do you think that any kind of healthcare makes someone live forever? (Also, do you really think Steve Jobs had ACA?)
You completely missed my point, @SenSchumer said "People will DIE" w/o #ObamaCare! Really you think I meant #SteveJobs had #ObamaCare? #MAGA
And he's right. Yes, people have, & will continue to, die in ways completely unrelated to gov't healthcare. More will die if AHCA passes.
1, @chuckschumer Please tell #America ALL the #Good things in #OBAMACARE! What is good for #Americans? Why is it SO #Expensive? #MAGA
10) Millions of people won't lose everything they own just because they get sick. Medical bills are no longer the #1 reason for bankruptcy.
You do not have to go bankrupt, it doesn't even affect your credit. I never bought it and never paid the penalty! All LIES! $20TRILLION DEBT
In 2013...the year before #ObamaCare...medical bills were, in fact, the #1 cause of bankruptcy
-cute..someone pays the bill,fake.Nothing is free-the cost was shifted to others
Yes, actually back to the tax payers, as the hospitals would write it off as a loss, and would end up not paying income tax.
Doesn't work that way at all.
It actually works like this:
-in addition,bank account,home,stocks,assets not considered 4 subsidies-
3, @chuckschumer Everyday Somewhere in #America a Millionaire & a Billionaire DIES with the Best Healthcare Money can BUY! MEAN? #WTF? #MAGA
Where were you when #ObamaCare was behind #Closed #Doors? You #Democrats are such #LIARS & #Hypocrites! Oh yeah, not a #Dem #MAGA #America
Then make suggestions for improvement that make sense, and that taxpayers can afford.  Stop being an obstructionist, and join the team.
This healthcare bill would be a disaster for American People. Keep fighting! We need you!
You described OBCARE and ITS EFFECT ON THE MIDDLE CLASS !
Why didn't you put America first by instead choosing to lie about an investigation that Comey told you didn't exist?  Lyin cryin chucky
You're heartless!!! You're criticizing POTUS of being obstructionist? You wrote the f*cking book!!! You're 0 for 5 on special elections!!!
the moment that you read obamacare it was already passed.Why wasn't the republicans allow to vote on it.why was it a secret
At least the GOP will save money on Healthcare by ditching Chiropractors. No need when you don't have a spine...
#nevervoteforschumer
@SenSchumer would be interesting to know where the SenateGOP "healthcare" bill would put US vs other countries?

To all Republicans not even attending  Town Halls, does your new Healthcare plan not cover a bruised ego?
Instead of screwing the American people out of health insurance how about forcing insurance companies  and Big pharma to lower costs
Sorry but not going to believe a man who lied to us about POTUS being under FBI invest as excuse to oppose nominees.
You're a really fast reader.
This simply isn't true. Just tell tje truth for once Chuck. This bill is 100% better than Obuttheadcare!!!
Obamacare has a future if enrollment penalties grow for higher-income groups. This will mean more election losses for the Democratic Party.
We know who you are, and what you are doing, Demagogue is obvious
Heart and Republican is an oxymoron. #Trumpcare #HealthcareBill
#Trumpuncare
Obstruct! Block!!
like you and the dems give a damn, you all are one bird with 2 wings and the body of the bird is no longer an eagle but a buzzard! U all suk
No different than the dem bill in 2010, & sadly the GOP  has lied to voters on REPEAL. NO WORRY's this is only an amendment 2 ur disaster!
@rushlimbaugh @seanhannity @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump If Obamacare was so great Why isn't Schumer on it? Why isn't Congress on it? Hypocrite
I'm 61 with pre-existing conditions!  Why oh why do I have to pay more!!!  I paid for insurance all my life!!!! Please stop this plan!!!
Chuckles! I know somewhere that a VERY proud High School drama teacher is SO proud of YOUR performance! The 'gramma's going to die'  SPECIAL
Schumer lied to us over and over again when selling OCare, told us we could keep our plan, more choice, lower cost keep Doc. ALL LIES!!!
Thank you & keep fighting for us!
"MEAN-er?" Really, is that how you answer the opposition gutting the safety net?
Being cute-snarky is alienating the HELL out of every democrat in the US. Want a replay of Dem/Prog split? Better cut the crap: get busy
The working man is DYING for a well articulated progressive agenda. We all know Trump is an asshat and is evil. What are YOU actually...
As a lifelong democrat: you and Dems' mild-mannered responses are not cutting it. Thinking they have enough rope to hang themselves is ...
Doomer Schumer: "The Health Care Bill is a wolf in sheep's clothing?" You are a lying snake in Democrat's clothing! Tired of your lies! 
Why do you lie?:(((
do your job! contribute to a solution, stop whining, complaining,obstructing & resisting and work for the people of this country & not party
How many providers have to drop out of Obama Care to indicate failure? how high to premiums and deductibles have to go to indicate failure?.
Time to fight for Democracy! Stop the racist gerrymandering and voter suppression. These are your voters. There are enough to take congress.
You can’t get reps vote base on logic. This GOP is an extremist alt-right party. Increase your base. This is the way.
You need to increase the amount of Democrat in those state that only get, alt-right news. This is how democrats will take back the congress.
The republicans didn't try to get more democrats to vote for them. They went far right to increase their base. Fight for your own party.
Like Obama care did?
TY #trumpRUSSIA was an ATTACK on ALL of US! #TREASON ! Stop attacking + destroying AMERICANS. #trumpcare  $UCK$ +will kill many + hurt more!
Did Schumer, Pelosi, & several other Democrats go to College they are saying people will die, blood money, etc where are Democrats going
Chuck Schumer lies to rhe American people again about healthcare bill as Schumer supports the killing of Americans by Obamacare! Sick man!
Where was your concern all this time as Obama care had it's death spiral. Ur game is politics and nothing more. People are meaningless 2 U
Promoting herion flowing into US, welfare, socialism & rigging elections, the Left guilty on ALL counts! Now that's HEARTLESS!Support@POTUS!
No hearings, possibly no amendments, 2min limit to discuss the "Health Scare" Bill!  And GOP senators intend to go home at break?
Democrats are good at bitching but I haven't ONCE this week heard ONE single offer for a solution. YOU GOT NOTHING CHUCK, ZIP, ZERO.
Cryin' Chuck LOL!!
Stop ur theatrics.They're fixing ur mess! U didn't allow us to see! Remember? "Have to pass it to see what's in it!"
What are the Dems doing? Are you going to block it w/o amendments? Or are you going to fight for positive changes? Can Dems + moderates
like Collins and Murkowski join you to create a fix to Obamacare that would be better? Not criticising - I just want to know. AHCA = death!
Crying Chuck
Trump a skin as thick as an elephant! Can u imagine cryin' Chuck dealing with the false accusations & hate directed at the President? Whimp!
#Republicans + #Trumpcare = #deathpanels
Where is your plan where are your ideas? Any idiot can be a critic, Takes someone with Brains to come with ideas and plans!
Trump is simply preparing a legacy for his children to join into American politics,the daughter too will stand. So it's not about the people
Amazed when I read and watch. MEDICAID MATTERS TO Everyone.

Democrats need to have a unified message in exposing and opposing Trumpcare.  Suggestions have been sent to the party twitter account.
Trump will only get tax cuts for rich he loves the rich!!! Hates American people.
How can Sen Schumer read Healthcare Bill online, determine it's not good for Americans, but passed Obamacare without read over 1,000 pages!
I disagree, Senator.  Did you even read it?  Or was your response already written?
What part proves that?
Senator, where is the Democratic alternative plan to FixACA?  Give us something to be for!
I guess taxpayers pay Schumer to be an obstructionist....USELESS CLOWN
Funny to hear u put down the AHCA when in fact this new bill is almost identical to ACA. So what u r saying is an indictment of ACA!
You should have had better E brighter R so we can make sure everyone knows #TrumpCare TWO is #MEANER This @POTUS a Joke No Tapes #SolarWall

Chuck SHUT UP. You are embarrassing your party.
It's not Trumpcare! The ACA is not working and good luck finding a doctor. Try working with republicans!
#trumpRUSSIA #treason was a vicious ATTACK on US! #Trumpcare will harm + KILL millions of US! Trump needs to resign!
Check out @RealVinnieJames's Tweet:
Whoa!!! Sen. Grassley outs Schumer and Schiff! Says they KNEW Trump wasn't under investigation yet STILL told MSM he WAS.  RETWEET! -VJ 
Obamacare isn't working so stop it now or replace it with something. It can't get any worse than Obamacare. Ask anyone that pays not rides.
CHUCK SCHUMER IS A LIAR AND POS !! It don't matter what the bill says..... if Trump okays it...it is wrong.... according to Chuck !!
But 45 strongely supports the bill..its failure and misery it causes will never be his fault
Boomers will have to somehow take in their parents or pay for care. Do they get that part? Middle class losses wealth.
Do you think trump voters are glad they are losing health care? Or their kids or parents?
You LIED???? Lied to the media that POTUS was under investigation when he WASNT!!! Look at the hysteria you have caused! Sick sick fool!
#fightingforamerica
FOR THE PEOPLE BY THE PEOPLE. We have a new generation that turned 18. Register them to vote. Time to lock and load
We need Troops on the ground registering voters NOW. Need redistricting. People need to have ID's and a new voice. #MARCHFORBLUE
Oh you get to read it?  Big improvement from your party's methods.
Special place for you in the next life... going to be really hot. Fame is so short lived lies  forever, good night chuck up
That's right you only pick on Christian and Jews
schumer; TURD IN THE ROOM ! !
Really try having a baby when your genitals removed , your skull bashed in or survive an honor killing all increase HEAlthcare
Yes, it's bad. But until Democrats work for #SinglePayerNow, our alternatives are a flim-flam. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA.
No Senate business until this is defeated. #NoCutsNoCaps
"Everybody's going to be taken care of much better than they're taken care of now." - Donald Trump #MAGA
Like Obamacare does.
Withhold consent Senator. There is no honor in letting ppl die. Obstruct, do what McConnell & GOP have been doing for the last 8 yrs
My amendment suggestion- Trump supporters get Trumpcare, the rest of us can remain w/ ACA. Just a thought
Crocodile Tears Schumer you don't understand business even after 33 years! Can't wait to raise money and use it in your state against you!

OMG!!! That...that's beautiful!!! I love it!!
Not surprised.  When is someone in Washington going to put him in his place and work for the citizens of this country?
Just keep lying , it does not matter what is not covered if the insurance co.s pull out! Obama care is not sustainable and will collapse!
Trumpcare is a Death Bill
You're right, and that's a good rhing, cause last time I looked that wasn't a constitutional mandate.
you had 7 yrs. to fix current aca and did nothing. How about working with rep and try to fix instead of criticizing everything.
Why beliver anything Shumer says? He lied abt Obamacare.all predictions wrong...he knowingly lied abt DT whn was briefed he wasnt under inv.
I hope the Dems keep Cuck Schumer, MaxiPadWaters&Pelosi around. The more they open their mouths, the more Dems lose.Lost big this week again
Wolf in Sheeps clothing, diabolical, doesn't care about Americans. Has Cuck Schumer learned nothing from the shooting of Steve Scalise. Sick
and you and your democratic cronies didn't lift a damn finger to help...you are the destroyer
Dear Senator if you are so Concerned about Our HEALTHCARE??? GIVE US YOUR SECRET SENATE'S HEALTHCARE PLAN... PROBLEM SOLVED
Ya know Chucky the more u piss moan and cry and don't put the people first over politics, The more people wake up to see why the Dems lost
I encourage Dems to show the faces of the taxcut winners & compare to those who are disabled being ejected for protesting it. Visuals work!
@SenSchumer you read the discussion draft of the health care bill. So you memorized the original bill to discern the outcome. What BS
If Obama care is so great..why don't you have it? Come on answer .
Why should we believe you, Senator Schumer, when you're a proven partisan liar?
Whoa!!! Sen. Grassley outs Schumer and Schiff! Says they KNEW Trump wasn't under investigation yet STILL told MSM he WAS.  RETWEET! -VJ 
After carefully reading the new GOP healthcare bill, I'm convinced that every American that would possibly  be covered by it, will die... 
Have heart was probably a code word for burn their houses down.
My insurance was cancelled  last year Obama care NEVER HELPED ME & DID NOT COVER MY ASTHMA INHALER ANYTHING TRUMP DOES WILL WORK
PROVE IT!!! You are just talk, talk, talk, and you accomplish nothing. My grandson asked me what was a loser. I showed him your picture.
Keep fighting against this bill! (Rochester, NY)
Well you certainly don't.
So wrong Schumer! You are against everything republicans want to do. This healthcare will be so much better than Obamacare!
Don't wait 4 CBO. Dare any GOP surrogate to prove they will not cut care for millions. DNC surrogates must be on every national/local show
Senator I believe you do understand heartless, your friend of Hillary so you know it up close and personal
Did ACA? What type of coverage do you have?
$15,000 deductibles, 300% increase in premiums & not being able to find a Dr. who will take your plan. That's your O-Care. Talk about "Mean"
10804 here, we are behind you 150%. Fight this any way you can! Grind business to a halt so they have to talk about this over recess.
@SenateDems Areed but we were told when O.C. passed we would keep same M.D. & would save $2,500 per year,didn't happen. Y not fixed earlier?
This from a guy who did nothing to deal with failing AHA for partisan reasons? R u going to cry again? No more lies sir.
The GOP plan will eliminate the Obamacare Tax which is the reason for the Outrageously High Deductibles.
We ALL know you wanted a single payer system. That's why the ACA was such a poorly written and executed bill. You designed it to fail.
And Obamacare did?  I got thrown off of a great plan because of the requirements of the ACA. Thanks, but YOUR way didn't work.
Send me a bill for my 4000 deductible you sat back for yrs and let happen.

WHY didn't you worry while OBAMACARE recepients were LOSING MONEY and being GUAGED?????
Have u seen his and other establishment pols donors? Therein lies the answer
Could admit your Obamacare is exploding as we  speak,go out publicly &say our purpose was to help people, didn't, so now, how can we help ,
Obamacare put "Party" first. Dissolving. Chuck, get yourself involved, constructively.
You are not interested in Americans health you are concerned about power and control not our wellbeing and liberty
Thank you keep fighting!!!!
