They aren't eligible for Medicaid. Try the facts, you may like them
Yes and they are not eligible for either. Never have been.
According to whom?
Everywhere I have researched says otherwise so I guess we will have to agree to disagree.
If Trump would ever read and study reports it might help him make some decisions that are more productive !
So they fire hardworking Americans & now AG Sessions is using that as an added excuse to keep people from legally immigrating here!
They're not Americans if they weren't born here.
Then either you don't exist or you're not an American. Every American had a relative that immigrated here before them.
True, but my ancestors went through the legal process to become citizens, as opposed to sneaking in.
These guys will go through the legal process of becoming citizens unlike your view that only people born here can be citizens!
Plus, never said I was against naturalization. In fact, DACA and other undocumented should get in line behind those who followed process.
And keeping people out- Republicans. That's what it seems to be coming down to.
Why do Democrats rely so heavily on the dead and undocumented as their voter base?
We notice not one of these folks is wearing a Make America Great Hat... so VETO!
what you mean to say is it will reduce our deficit by $400 billion dollars stupid
Fake news
By doing away with Daca  then be economic growth
What if a Dreamer???
That's OK, @POTUS will make Mexico reimburse us, as soon as they're done paying for the wall. Mucho dinero amigos.
Lol..Mexico isn't paying for the wall. They're going to raise price of imports to offset added cost and WE the consumer pay for it.
Now is the time to fight, fight , fight. Save DACA and NO trade for that stupid wall!
Give American people more jobs
No it won't you're crazy!
The Democrats didn't care about removing 60 million Republicans from our work force... they lie all the time.
#DACA 91% are employed and 100% are crime free. Can't say the same for all the folks supporting their deportation.
I still can't find 1 Trump supporter to explain why they support mass deportation vs path to citizenship - which benefits us all. #racist
L․A. County hands $1.3 billion — billion! — to illegals for welfare http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/aug/7/l-county-hands-13-billion-billion-illegals-welfare/ … via @washtimes
Is that possible 3$billion in welfare to illegal immigrants,don't u have to be a US citizen to collect welfare? Just asking ?
We have 5 percent of worlds population unlike 45 percent in India China. We need development. Make it legal for productive members .rest go.
More jobs for Americans
More jobs for black Americans
More money for services Americans pay for
Less crime
#AmericansFirst
Politicians just want the votes
How much do illegal aliens cost us. I don't believe this bs. They cost us more then they pay in.
If three Senate does their job, which requires working together,  Dreamers are much better off,  safe forever.
So do your job
IT COULD, BUT NOBODY SAID WE ARE REMOVING 800K WORKERS.  GET ALL THE FACTS CHUCKY.
So how many have you supported in your homes? Or Bernie in his three houses?
Do your job!!!
These people take American jobs then send all their money back to family they supposedly don't have. Trust me I work with some.
No it wont, lier!!
what a fake number:  it would appear the americans that gain a job would fill that value.  and americans would move off of government checks
& how do you defend DACA, an exec order, in court over actual law? That was about to happen & Trump had to act to keep it out.
Microsoft can handle it. You seem to assume there are no Americans ready to step into those jobs and come off assistance
Chuckie what R U Complaing about? @Potus has given U & @TheDemocrats @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP a chance 2 Shine!
So the genourous thing to do is send them home so their poor home countries can reap the benifits! #daca
That's 46 billion a year, heard illegals in report did not pay estimated 285 billion in taxes.  Give jobs to citizens who pay taxes
Cite your source. I don't believe you. Find out how much well save on wefare for them &families and medical, scholarships with aff-action
There are plenty of legal ppl in America that would be glad to fill those jobs  how many dreamers are getting public assistance,saving $$$
This is prob why Trumps casinos went under #notsmart
Chuck do the job you are supposed do do and get congress to do what should have a long time ago. Work for America vs your own agenda.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
Or give Americans jobs !
READ THE TRUTH! Schumer is lying. No one is proposing deportations of 800k.
Shut up, crying Chuck
Is it about the money Chuck or about the rule of law?
All unsubstantiated estimates by a liberal organization
Reported by @CNN that it would open up 30,000 jobs a month for US Citizens.
CNN give you them numbers chuckles?
That's a lie. Opens up jobs they would've taken.
Get your data from OMB?? Laughable, they haven't been right in decades!
The looney left!
Crying Chuck. Why don't you talk about all of the jobs taken away from the current residences. Your math is Lunacy, not math
Fakest fake news ever
Could you have any solutions?  You sure do have alot of complaints.
Chuckie is a two faced Liar!
Hell, Democrap's do that alone!

Schmuck, it's Jobs for all your lazy Dems,  who sit and collect social services.  Work to earn.  It's the American Way.
Chuck where do you get your information? It's all lies!! All Dems care about is securing votes in the next election. U need to retire!!!!!!!
Not if people that don't have jobs now take those.
FINALLY!!  A American POTUS that is concerned about the American dreamers.. think what this might mean for "legal citzs" and their families.
Replacing schumer as senator of New York will ADD to our GDP billions. Schumer, just one massive pain. GET LOST SCHUMER.
Term limits would solve a lot of problems.
Got that right ...  they spend a life sucking the government tit. Worthless and unproductive clowns. All of them, bar none. Term limits!!
Dems had the majority Why didn't they do a law then why? They really don't care just your vote DONT FALL FOR THIS AGAIN @realDonaldTrump
45's just too stupid, along with his cohorts, to realize that. PURE HAYEFUL RACISTS
Put AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST
Not removing, lying! Giving Congress time to pass legislation, let's see if you all can work and get it done. Put your big boy pants on.
No not true the real American college & tech school grad now have a fighting chance to get a job
Bullshit. There are Americans ready to fill those stolen jobs right now.
And reduce democrat votes by roughly 800k a year..
Rescinding #DACA means dragging teachers from the classroom, workers from the field, and patriots from the front lines. 
Not if those jobs are filled by US Citizens. You can't assume that those jobs just disappear with no one left to fill them.#GodBlessAmerica
You read my mind
Do your job and fix it!
Considering it's currently costing taxpayers an estimated $746 billion, that seems a fair trade off.

The total fiscal drain for the entire illegal population is estimated at $746.3 billion. https://cis.org/Report/Deportation-vs-Cost-Letting-Illegal-Immigrants-Stay …
You waste more tax dollars than that on advertising
They will then increase their countries significantly. Win win.
I don't care if it cost 1 trillion i want them gone.#Americafirst #MAGA
Stop bragging and lying to to work
We will take our chances.
That's B S if they were to lose their jobs Americans are standing in line to fill them
Perfect, we can pay for that with all the entitlement $ & illegal handouts!
Doubtful. There will be LEGAL immigrants and AMERICANS to take their place.
If there was a choice of keeping Dreamers and the Country getting rid of you Chuckie, I'd take the Dreamers.
You said Obamacare would cut health care costs but instead they've skyrocketed. So please forgive me for not buying your bullshit numbers.
You don't have to remove anyone Chuck, just pass a law that allows them to stay, that your job, not a Presidents executive order.
Have you Dems ever calculated the loss to GDP for the millions of aborted citizens your party encourages? Didn't think so.
Still not as much as the slow-growth job-killing policies of the #Obama Administration for eight years.
From what I understand your statement is not all together true. Many "dreamers" are not high skill laborers. IDK though; we shall see.
I don't think Schumer wants you to think about anything.
PLUS it's not American just the wrong thing to do!
Lier
Actually American Citizens will work those jobs that illegals are doing. So our GDP will be fine,
It's about those 36 year old "children" right Chuck? Illegally entered country, misdemeanors permitted. Legal immigration is the only way.
And don't forget to add in cost of kicking them out.  Thx @RepAdamSchiff for working on this angle!
Ten times as much to allow them to stay besides the eroding of borders and our laws.
Better look back & see how much money you Democrats & Obama has cost are country.
If you really want to do something, you are now going to have to stop obstructing, reach across the aisle and get this done! We'll see sir!
Don't act like you care about these people they are only a vote to you and you know it.
Removing #DREAMers from our workforce will increase U.S. GDP by $460+ by replacing them with LAW Abiding Black & Hispanic AMERICAN Citizens
Those jobs will not remain empty but go to American citizens so no cost
Wow.
Quick with the calculator today Chuckles
Why can't congress get anything done?  You had majorities and 8 years...  why do you suck?
That is simply not true.
#putinbot
And lets see the proof. That does not make any sense


The total fiscal drain for the entire illegal population is estimated at $746.3 billion. https://cis.org/Report/Deportation-vs-Cost-Letting-Illegal-Immigrants-Stay …
When will a bill be introduced?
When McConnell and Ryan say so.  And with those two losers the answer could very well be 'never'.
#Draintheswap
LIAR!!!
@SenateDems if you feel so passionate about the DACA, then do your job, it's up to you to make law not the @POTUS, Like lawless Obama was!
There are plenty of unemployed US citizens who would love a job. Maybe you have not been paying attention.
Talk to your orange cult leader about getting more foreign visa workers for his properties. He pays them substandard wages.
American citizens have dreams too.  Why don't you represent them?
If DACA was the right thing to do. U should have done it LEGALLY by Congress years ago. Do your job.
#putinbot
Quit creating false narratives.  The President never said he's kicking anyone out.  "Dreamers"are not kids anymore, apply for citizenship.
It's on your shoulders not the @POTUS.
Calling illegal immigrants "dreamers" won't change the fact that they are lawbreakers!
HAHAHAHAHHA
These people pay taxes and have no felonies. How about going after people that don't pay taxes and are felons? Start there @realDonaldTrump
Illegal!  Look up the word!
Put your hand in that bucket of water, pull it out, that hole that is left is YOU
We value the rule of law. We want legal immigrants who love this country to contribute to the GDP.
Let them stay. That alone can complete the wall that Republicans and Democrats started
How much in US GDP has abortion cost America in the last 30 years Croc Tears?
#DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheSewer
#putinbot
DO SOMETHING!!!
Think of all those billions that big corporations won't get their hands on by hiring below market rate illega labor! Total disaster!
You mean 800k voters
With the lowest workforce participation in decades (your tenure) I seriously doubt your word.
You prefer your workers like you prefer your voters undocumented.
Really no out of work legal citizens in our country. Plenty of teenagers that could work
Remember this
He's the most deranged combo pack imaginable.  Actually his evilness is beyond our imagination.  He is the most disgusting THING ever born.
These young people are motivated. They strive to graduate university. They contribute to our economy, unlike alt right! #SaveDACA #VoteBlue
Your math is wrong.  Our children and grandchildren will have a better future without sitting on the welfare rolls
You did not say would? You said could!
@SenSchumer scare tactics
More horsepoop from a fraudulent study.  But even if it were true, we must enforce our immigration laws.
So you can understand why we want to see bipartisan action from Congress on this immediately. You have bills drafted. Bring them to vote.
And reduce the Democratic Party to a shambles.
How much can we suffer before enough is enough!! #Dems #EPA #ClimateChangeIsReal #DACA #BLM #Russia #EqualPay we need #change
Chuck, DO YOUR JOB! You are a senator. Change the laws instead of blaming Trump for ending an unconstitutional EO.  Blame game is sickening
I ain't buyin what yer sellin.
Then get busy & do YOUR JOB & deal with immigration reform. You can no longer blame POTUS.  @realdonaldtrump
1.6 million Americans aged 16-24 yrs are seeking full time jobs.  Americans can fill the jobs held by these here illegaly SI SE PUEDE!!
Just think of all those jobs for our legal citizen and immigrants
It is the law
Do not let this happen. Enact Dream Act.
Oh sorry - now you actually have to do your job and work on immigration reform.
Chuckie,  Chuckie, Chuckie
If you truly believe they should stay in the country like I do join the other members of congress and pass a bill Congress should do the job
Stop spreading lies. Nobody is being kicked out. Start working on immigration reform like you should have already been doing
Hey chucky instead of tweeting do ur job.   Create a law that can pass house senate and get signed by President THAT is what we pay you for.
Let's see Schumer if you can finally do your job ! Step up and get it done you have 6 months... otherwise step down !! 
Jump on this, Dems!!  Please!  Step up and take the lead!!!
Democrats lead from behind remember
Keep lying about these people, each of you is going to pay for this to THE HIGHER POWER. You came with nothing, you shall leave with nothing
if DACA is for children, why are they working?? ahhh I believe most of DACA are 18 and over.. sooo time to change the name?
Ahhh. Best counter point I've seen all day
Your buddies in Congress will just have to do their jobs.
No body is removing anyone. Quit fear mongering
Rep are in there own world
Wow, u seriously believe the stuff u spew??  Seriously??  And u wander the streets unattended??
Nah. You wanna know why? Because REAL Americans want those jobs.  Plenty of unemployed AMERICANS willing to work.
YOU'RE NOT HERE TO REPRESENT ILLEGALS CHUCK! IT'S JUST TO GET VOTES. YOU'RE HERE TO REPRESENT LEGAL LAW ABIDING CITIZEN TAXPAYERS! @CNN 
ALL SMOKE & MIRRORS CHUCK! YOU NEED TO RESIGN AND FIND SOMETHING PRODUCTIVE TO DO RATHER THAN JUST PERPETUATE YOURSELF IN OFFICE. @CNN @WSJ
Schumer hates legals r u in a ski mask on your days off?
Thanks @SenSchumer for keeping your head on straight and your heart for others!
Are you just slow?  They are not being deported..
You have six months to actually do something in congress. Work with the republicans and FIX IMMIGRATION! The ball is in your court.
Problem is they don't know how to play ball, they grab the ball and hold it, like little babies, afraid they might loose it.
I challenge your numbers. All illegal imigration should be stopped. Implementing reforms that allow work permits would benefit all! Act now!
At what point are we going to remove Trump?
Never!     Yay!!!!!
How do you feel about his obstructing Russian tie investigation, his/ staff's alternate truths, unconstitu travel ban based on religion?
