START  interviewing familes of 3 in 5 DISABLED KIDS THAT WILL BE CUT! AMERICANS NEED TO SEE THE LIE GOP IS TRYING TO FORCE ON US
CONTINUE TELLING AMERICANS TO CALL YOUR  CONGRESS PERSON ASK THEM BIG QUESTION: DOES HEALTH CARE BILL CUT YOUR TAXES ?
Hi Crying Schumer Happy now? No Russian collusion with Pres Trump, instead it was Obama, are you pursuing to have this investigated?
aranyosak...kell ez is! puszi
Try doing something constructive Chucky. You'll be wondering what happened in 2020 when (a TRUMP ) ??? wins Another  election.
I have a Trump hat for you the next time you go to one ....
All would have looked better in a #MAGA hat
Yea. Ass hats. And you're the biggest one.
Ok I have my #MAGA hat ready... 
I hope you wore your very biggest and best asshat. Socialists like you need really, really big asshats.
MANY don't realize this "bill" is a tax cut. It's not getting thru on the NEWS!!
This bill is a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans! Not healthcare! I hope more talk this!
Schumer, who gave you the TRUMP, make America great hat?
I didn't think libs could have fun.  Don't y'all just want to kill conservatives?
Disgusting comment.  Keep the hate going. Make America mean again
No words of condemnation on #JohnnyDepp threatening President Trump? Your silence is disgusting
http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2017/06/23/johnny-depp-in-meltdown-mode-trump-assassination-comments-alleged-amber-heard-abuse-details-cause-concern.html …
Who cares about Jonny or Cathy? Care that your President makes fun of the disabled and women but not a peep from u !

please resign now

Grassley: Schumer Knew Trump Was Not Under Investigation When He Publicly Claimed Otherwise [VIDEO] http://trib.al/ZFmdqZm  
Is that what the Taxpayer's are paying you to do?  Get to work!
Besides being fun, close-to-home parks are essential for community:
Nice 2 afford on gov salary.#liberals criticize others who can afford the same. Can't have it 2 ways Chuck. #liberalhypocrisy
Is your wife the one with the moustache?
Might try bags next time!!

Im paying more for healthcare with less coverage now. This is how much democrats r ignorant to what is actually going on. U need to be fired
That's very stupid.
Are you still crying under those shades?
#CryingAndLyingChuck
No make America green again hate?
That looks like fun!
Take your anger to potus.He said he wouldn't cut #Medicaid & that's exactly what's happening.Chuck visits all of NY always has,newbies get>
Oh Senator You are making me homesick! My family loved Prospect Park. We lived in Park Slope & walked over. Later we played ball. #Homesick
Breaking: Chuck Harry Reed Schumer tries the old family photo thingy to get some positrons flowing! But puppets have no brain nor influence
This picture looks like the last chapter of "WHAT'S THE USE"
FYI. I am a D and I care ALOT about Russian investigation!!
It should be bag party.
You knew for months that Potus wasnt under investigation but you kept pushing the lie. You & the MSM are the enemy of the people
curious how many illegal people or immigrants were invited?
I always loved Mr Chuck Shumer.
But if wearing a hat makes Dems & Left happy about there Losing life's Prepare for Midterm U will EAT that hat for lunch. Again C photo HaHa
The MAGA hat wearers DON'T need to go the hat party's. HAT PARTY'S? WOW if Chuck CryBaby Schumer went I'm sure it was SAD gathering C photos
Schmuck
i watched your new standup special and it sucked
The ladies room needs an update, pls!!!
plese no bathroom talk on  twitter dot com pleaese
Why didnt you wear a hat with devils horns? Could have worn a hat with Mickey Mouse ears...but that would have been disrespectful to Mickey!
Ah, spending my tax dollars on the weekend.
You should have worn a red "Make America Great Again" hat.
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
I like that red cap 2nd row from the back. .... made you look.
Do your job.
Chucks hat says Obstruct The President on it.
We could replace all 535 members of the house & senate with grabasstic shit flinging monkeys & the quality of work would not suffer
Hell is waiting for you
Your going to satan,s 
Did you take the subway? Oops! What was I thinking
Meanwhile other federal #employees are working hard over the weekend so that a #Viable, #sustainable #AHCA will be passed . #AmericaFirst
#Lyingcryinchuck
Mr Schumer, from a former New Yorker, please consider this slogan for the Democratic Party: #GovernmentFORthepeople! We need a good slogan!
You lied, sir
Illegal Aliens!
Hats are fun!  I had a friend who was a member of the Red Hat ladies club!
nothing but a communist
Did you cry
Love it ! Xo
Why aren't you working to shape the health care bill?
get back to work. You are on the clock.

This sounds like a lame ass party chuck.
Did you cry much?
Thank God No MAGA hats in the pic!!! Lol
There should be!
Great but figure out how to stop overtaxing us who pay your salary.
You should retire and party there every day. Although you probably would put up road blocks to keep people away from your neighborhood.
"These things are fun and fun is good!"
- Dr. Suess
Could try a maga hat burning party, but I guess we don't want to help China like that.
Don't see any MAGA hats! You are mean spirited.
Which name do you like better for Chuckie boy?  Mr @POTUS ?

#MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN #TCOT #CCOT 
#WakeUpAmerica it's time to get out the vote 
Have fun now @SenSchumer soon you and the #gangof8 will be at #gitmo prison for obstruction of JUSTICE vote your #criminalparty home/prison
Bags of hot air
That's a great looking MAGA hat Schumer!!
Should be MAGA hats chucky!
New election needed
You all r crazy there won't be a new election. Trump won't be impeached
Where is the make America great hats????
Still being made in china
Need to wear make America great again no matter where made. Sure some other hats made in China.
I love this hat.
You should prolly be working on an alternative to #trumpcare #justsaying
China made their quota this month ftom that last stupid campaign rally
What, no #MAGA hat.  @realDonaldTrump hook this man up with a hat!
lying....crying chuckie
why the interrobang
What ... *sigh* I have a pretty good idea what your on about. Just not sure, why.
