Equifax must
-Notify all impacted
-Offer credit monitoring & freezes
-Comply w/ @CFPB's forced arbitration rule…
How about consumers take responsibility for it themselves. As soon as I found out I went to the link provided by Equifax. 1/2
I have not been able to reach them and no response from them. I probably got sent to a sham website by them as well. They are criminals!
I am now locked out by transunion as well. I’m so angry!  I couldn’t answer their stupid questions to verify my identity. Just livid!
Chuckle boy! Pahahahaha!
We need to go against lawyers. They have way too much fucking power over the rest of us and they are fucking it all up, while getting rich
Our problem are not the corporations, the common White or Black man. The problem are politicians, the Insurance & Banking Industry.
If you take a good look at it, lawyers control the government, the Universities & the Insurance companies. We just fucking pay & get nothing
They have divided with political, racial, religious & social lines based on false perceptions well manipulated with the power they achieved.
We are a bunch of fucking idiots for not supporting Trump. He doesn't belong to their club. When he goes number two, it is actual shit.
These fucking pimps when they go two, they think they having the brightest ideas to shove down our throats and make us pay for it. Rise
Or allow us to take control of information bring stored on us and be allowed to opt out of credit data
And the #SEC should go after the executives for their insider trading! They pulled their money based on their knowledge and walked away!
The Congress must act on those things and insider trading by execs who dumped their stock.
If I accept their free credit monitoring service, I give up my right to sue them. "Lucky" I already have monitoring from a dif/prior hacking
Terms limits & accountability is the way to fix congress failure by permitting all the corp. to store our SS#.
Any coverages Equifax offers needs to be totally free...
They've already done all this Chucky. So don't act like you are a crusader for those affected. YOU did nothing here. NOW GET BACK TO WORK
How about not telling private businesses what to do. You're in Congress. It's in the Judicial branch court now. #KnowYourRole #CorruptChuck
lay out some steps to repeal obama care chuckie
I have reached out to them to freeze my credit report on two different occasions and have yet to hear back from them. This is criminal!
Sure, but you must address the deeper issue: US credit rating system is opaque, anti-democratic, and regressive. Moreover, it doesn't work.
Maybe the govt should let the market handle equifax. Maybe there's more important things in this country than a failed credit agency.
Can't even get through to equifax to complete protection signup
#datacartel #dataprivacy #datasecurity #BigData
Nationalize the credit bureaus
Yikes ? Not a great idea. Give doesn't do very good job either
Because of the fraud of non disclosure the co shd be shut down or sold and money given to ppl harmed in future!
Yes
So has Trump
Now scamming donations from his anti kneeing bs
Maybe you should make them accountable and prosecute those at fault? Instead of just talk talk talk!
And this should all be free!
Equifax should give everyone a reboot on their credit scores. How do we know they weren't affected by this breach?
Is being vigilant the only way to protect ourselves? There has to be a better way to stop these hackers.
And prosecute executives who dumped their stock before telling everybody else!
I suggest threat of jail time might encourage Equifax execs to move faster
SENATOR THEY SHOULD PROCTECT ALL THOSE INVOLVED IN BREACH!
Russia Fault right. This is bull shit they were hit before January. You think you're fooling us again!  Rigged.
Now that funny since this happen on your watch. Where were you then?
And no Golden Parachute for executives
Credit agencies are just a legal rico operation. Deciding who gets what.
its funny how a possible nuclear war can take your mind off of a credit bureau major screw up...
The website for scan and see if on the list does not work!
Fallen short, they fucked up and Congress doesn't care about our internet security
Too busy stuffing pockets with both hands. we fuss about social issues while not watching them. Wait! Hear that? That is congress laughing!
No one should have to pay to freeze their credit. It should be a free service to every American. This is our info that has now been stolen.
Equifax&most likely others SCREWED UP.Recall previous infiltration by those who bluff way to access same data yrs ago &CONSUMERS 4D 2 PAY UP
Forget all that stuff. Lock up the executives. Hold the company in receivership and sell off assets until victims made whole.
You're a congressional leader. Make em
Thank you. Now a bill to force Equifax to comply?
Chuck is supposed to uphold the law he has also failed.
I trust them as much as I trust you. Leftists + Banks+ Credit Reporting Agencies+ Insurance companies = millions for Congressman like Chuck!
What is sad is that you are correct. The aforementioned delight in our focus on social issues. Allows them to continue their chicanery.
Offer free credit monitoring and freezes, WITHOUT making us agree to forced arbitration.  We have the right to sue them if we are impacted!
Thank You for your efforts in this mess! Still unsure what to do! Equifax should pay to Freeze credit at ALL of the agencies! No arbitration
Protect my family’s health care. Reject #GrahamCassidy.

Chuck Shumer needs to go to work for the American people. Stop identity politics. Vote for America and not obstruction. Safety for America
Hacking of this degree happens when anti-American Presidents like Obama sell out our internet to globalist!
I’m still waiting for an email confirming protection after two weeks
Meanwhile Equifax running ads on tv re protecting personal data from "dark web." Irony is not dead.
Chuck every identity has been stolen. They just haven't gotton around to us yet.
And what are you doing about besides crying about it.  Answer....nothing.  #cuethecarnivalmusic
Chuck, Bravo sir!
ACCOUNTAFUCKINBILITY!!!!!!
WOW!!!
A company collects data without our knowledge or approval, sells it, then lets the data be stolen. Sounds more like a crime to me.
Sen. Schumer, we need all 3 credit bureaus to serve consumers better. They can make or break us, they hold too much power. The fees are high
Stop gettting yourself in debt and you won't have any problems.  Don't buy the lies. #WakeUpAmerica
Their website for,helping consumers learn whether their info is compromised doesn't work.
I agree
You better start defending our constitution against the dictator!
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Will they?
With all that's going on the most important thing on the table is #TrumpRussiaCollusion and the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation 
Protect #Mueller
The most important issue on the table is clearly not that fairy tale. Were it true after some 17 months of study a shoe would have dropped
It's apalling asking people 2 devulge more personal info just 2 find out if they've been targeted in hack. Equifax has obligations 2 clients
Do something other than whine.
Amen.
They should be offering credit monitoring from a third party, not themselves. We’ve already seen their incompetence at work.

what about those incharge of the whole company one who has resigned instead of being fired
Ah that term - should - I have a lot of ideas regarding what should be done.
I tried to do the above and was thwarted every step of way.
Need to squeeze credit grantors to force bureaus to lock down data securely.
They need to cease to exist as a company. They’ve been treating the public like garbage for years and failed in their most important duty
