Existen rumores de que @POTUS va a eliminar DACA. Quiero recordarle que dijo que actuaría con "corazón." Este es el momento de demostrarlo.
Corazon debe ser para inmigrantes LEGAL...no ILLEGALES.
Almost 70% of those using DACA are over the age 22.
80% of them are Mexican nationals.
DAPA was ruled unconstitutional, so too is DACA
Ending DACA would be devastating for kids who came here through no choice of their own as babies, tykes and now have hope to achieve
Who says they are living off the system and not contributing to the system? You assume much.
@brittanyhaynez Freebies? Name them, please.
Still waiting on those freebies.....
Right?
Its time we have a President in the WH that's for the American ppl! #EndDACA
Funny @SenSchumer like the Dems acted with heart on healthcare........... you prove it with healthcare, taxes and relief for TX and LA 1st.!
Chuck let Dreamers come in the right way giving them work permit so they can pay taxes. But you love free labor Chuck paying them cash YES
Why don't you just work with our President instead of being an obstructionist! !
Send them home with some of Dems monies-help them rebuild their country-that's "with a heart" Support US Kids first! #USKIDSFIRST #DUMPDACA
Yes, & u told ur constituents you'd work 4 them when they voted for u & everyone knows u work for yourself & every corrupt politician in DC!
Spot on

WTH is wrong with heartless man! His 1st & 3rd wives are immigrants, children were born of immigrants His parents were immigrants
Stop trying to plead with this man who already thinks he's king Louie xvIi  its the people behind him toi
Time for you to prove your support US kids over illegals and created illegal dreamers! #USKIDSFIRST #BuildThatWall #DUMPDACA
"With heart" to taxpaying legal US citizens hopefully... the real victims...
#ENDDACA
Almost 70% of those using DACA are over the age 22.
80% of them are Mexican nationals.
DAPA was ruled unconstitutional, so too is DACA
prove that POTUS cares for Americans first. Not our citizens, send "Dreamers" home. Uphold ur oath of office.
Yeah right. Good luck with that. Oh..btw does that HEART include a teleprompter cause if he speaks w/o one...well you already know. #wakeup
Hillary ran on amnesty within her first in 100 days & Trump ran on building a wall ending DACA.  You know the rest.

Who's the real sheep?  Baaaaa
As a Democrat.  I have mixed feelings on this issue.  Let's fix it.
Exactly. The Congress should pass legislation so #DACA becomes legal. Currently unconstitutional. @POTUS is sworn to uphold constitution.
He has to understand and know the Constitution before he can uphold it 
Had a swearing-in ceremony because there was cameras and eyes on him
You are obviating the point. Our previous President unconstitutionally put this in place, and he's allegedly an expert. Congress must act.
I agree but this Congress doesn't even care about Americans this Congress won't make it legal and Trump will do everything to not uphold it.
Because of he were human, he would let it be. But he's jealous of Obama and will undo all the good he did.
I would not say he is jealous of Obama, I would define it as racist: Central Park five wouldn't rent 2 Black woman and Obama. All black.
I agree it's racism but also jealous that he's more popular
Really wish the democrats would stop ignoring this clown and find a way for social reform... Lot of work to do any suggestions?
Sending DACA home doesn't mean Pres.doesn't have a heart it means after facts he has to do what is necessary for the country not just a few.
I really can't stand Chuck he is  abusive to America. Lying cheating stealing Chuck Schumer keeping racism alive in America thanks Chuck
guess he chose spleen or colon instead. hope not.
#DACA is an incentive for Illegals to come to America and drop an anchor baby. It's not cruel to want to spend our tax money on America 1st
Have U even read #DACA? Nothing to do w/ anchor babies. they were kids at the time. They had to live in the US since 6/15/07. no incentives
#EndDACA #EndDACA #EndDACAnow #EndDacaNow @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr LISTEN TO NOTING THIS MORON SAY
Why should he. What about my grandkids. They get nothing over illegals. What do y'all do 2 help pres. Nothing, why should he do anything 4 u
His heart is with the American people Chas. Remember he said America first! That means #AMERICAFIRST #BUILDTHEWALL #MAGA #ENDDACA #NOFREEBIE
Yes he did chuck, and with that in mind his heart will be with Americans & he will end DACA #AmericaFirst
Chuck why haven't you called ANTIFA a racist radical group. Why because you need votes. So your trying to keep racism hatred alive for vote.
Put them first in line to re enter with legal paperwork. They are here illegally. They've known it their entire lives. End #DACA
A stone cold heart?
A bank robber's children have the consequences of illegality imposed on them. DACA should be no different.
The country would like to remind you that immigration law must be enforced as written. Illegal immigrants are criminals.
Please delete Christian from your bio. You hold no Christian values. You are giving the rest of us a bad name. Pray Jesus forgives you
His heart is for the American ppl & rule of law, not for the magnets of illegality.
If that were true, #Trump would divest of his business and stop threatening congress when they don't protect him
It would take years to divest all his holdings, but he is not running them. He is nt asking Congress to "protect" him but to vote for t ppl!
Thank you so  much, Senator!
Obscene cocky indifference is not "heart" #DACA #DACAtrump
No more cocky indifference to Dreamers! 
It's obscene (@PresSec) to assure them of @POTUS "heart"
while dawdling w/their status. 
We'll get them a nice bus with air conditioning on their way out. We can be civilized about the mass deportation that's about to come.
This is horrible to think that young people that have no connections to the country where they were born, will be deported & abandoned there
The Tin Man doesn't have a heart. Nor does he have a soul. This is gut wrenching.
Stop "urging" this president or any of the GOPers to act with "heart" they sold theirs to the oligarchy and Trump never had one. #fight4us
He does what would give bigger headlines
THIS IS MY ANSWER TO YOUR STANCE ON ILLEGALS & ELECTIVE SURGERY IN OUR MILITARY.. WHAT ABOUT OUR HEROIC TROOPS NEEDS FIRST???
Is it true you are pushing a new law if you are less than 31 and have been robbing banks before you were 16  its ok
The PPL melted the DC phone lines every time you jackals tried to pass the "Dream Act" so Obama acted illegally..  The law is the law
Would help if he had a heart
STOP TWISTING TRUTH CHUCKIE!
Go take a nap chuck
ChuckE., I have YET to read a comment from you that shows your SUPPORT FOR the Americans who put you-unfortunately-in the office you hold.
Maybe he can show everyone while he is showing faux compassion on Saturday.
He'll say he was " joking"
Prove it? 

I'd like to remind you that he promised to release his tax returns.
Going back on this "promise" will be FUN for him.
Yeah no new tax cuts intil IRS declares Mission Accomplished you are free to RELEASE THE TAXES!!
C'mon Chuck!  Only #Trumpanzees believe anything Trump says!  Gullible much?
.@realDonaldTrump has no heart to act with and continues to provide evidence of that fact http://Every.Single.Day  #ImpeachTrumpNow #Resist
Why you worried about DACA, You Democrat's did nothing to pass immigration reform when you promised 8 years ago when you controlled Congress
In dealings with Chuck Schumer, President Trump would do well to remember his 'The Snake' poem.
$5 million fine and hard working dreamers can stay. Sound fair?
We're is yours?? You killed the ObamCare fix along with McCain
Where in the Constitution does it say, if you were brought here as a child illegally, you should be given "Special Consideration?"
REALITY CHECK: It is NOT within the purview of Trump to let illegals vote. That would require a CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT, your job Chuckie!
He's facing lawsuits from 10 states.  If he tries to keep, it could go to Supreme Court and lose all protection for DACA and more...
Thanks, And Help!
Our dreams, your CONSTITUENTS, mean nothing to you? You represent US, NOT a Trojan horse army of "children" to be used to win Popular Vote.
But he has no heart... like Cheney without the IQ
Fake tears Schumer stop crying.
That's making the assumption that he has a heart 
did you forget! https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1876535962610776/ …
BUILD THE WALL DEPORT THEM ALL  WALL WILL COST TAXPAYERS 90BILLION , ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION COST TAXPAYER 190BILLION A YR  DO THE MATH IF U CAN
It was meant as the 63 million fed up Americans who support Trump: from the heart of his bottom. Run for office in Mexico...
It is a good move. Sit down and shut up. You had your chance and you blew it.
He has no heart and you expect him to fake it
Yeah provide them with a luxurious ecomy flight and a balogna sandwich for their trip home
Isn't there anything anyone can do to get rid of him? Spoken in lay terms.
Senator Schumer we r all realizing that Trump is making our once great country a shame and I am ashamed to now to be born  and live in USA.
Blablabla Chuckie.
Follow the LAW previous administration EOs
YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT !!!!!!
He can't and he won't.  He doesn't have a heart, you know that Chuck.  Also, if his mouth is open, he's lying, you know that too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVevjJMCSsg …
#DACA is AMAZING program that truly helps these kids,it's DESPICABLE that @realDonaldTrump puts politics over ppl's lives,he's a DISGRACE!
If @realDonaldTrump @POTUS ends #DACA he should be ashamed of himself,he just continues to go lower and the world is laughing at him
Mr shumer the next time you & your party rin the position to make a difference 4 Americans I hope udo u sir have aided in corrupting r govmt
Don't waste your breath he is a lier and a cheat
The word is legal. Why does every dumbass liberal interchange that word? They are here ILLEGALLY, not LEGAL
Technical term....illegal alien. Say it with me folks. Illegal alien!
Chuckle's you are dreaming nothing is happening in Texas.
Chucky why are you to tied to @georgesoros and #antifa?? Are you supportive of the beatings?? Well Chucky . Where do you stand???
The reign of terror of the Trump admin is ample evidence that this human experiment-US democracy- is fragile. This man needs be constricted
Shut up chuckie...
What if POTUS Trump Said, "Robbing Banks is Illegal but if you Rob Less that $1000 We won't Arrest you or Take the Money back" #DACA
#MAGA
But it needs to end. People are sending their children to a foreign nation to face whatever alone
You have had years to approve it but didn't #ChuckietheClownSchumer   It is time for you to retire and stop lying to Americans!
The man has no heart. He is destroying this country a tweet at a time.
Chuck Schumer--

Why don't you stand up and object--very strongly-
 to what Trump is trying to do?

Make voters aware.
Come on, Senator Schumer, remember his promise to the Metropolitan Museum that he would preserve the Art Deco sculptures? Smashed!!
Come on Chuck, when has Trump ever honored a promise made. Only time he feigns honoring a deal is if it in some way personally benefits him.
Well there's heart, and there's 45s "heart" pretty sure that means "grab them by the...."
He's the Tin Man. Come to think of it he's the Cowardly Lion and Scarecrow too.

Maybe he pardoned that racist pig to appease his deplorable base knowing he doesn't plan to eliminate DACA. Time will tell.
I'd like to remind u...Weiner's laptop & F. McConnell.  U should be worrried!
HE'S DESPICABLE
Trump has no heart/soul he's an empty
black hole!
He sadistically enjoys abusing power
to harm,inflict pain or hurt others!
No room in congress for senators who call 4 illegals to revolt.  These radical Liberals prefer our country broken & overtrown by illegals!
You are playing to the "benevolent" side of @realDonaldTrump ? Are you serious? You all need to grab ahold of what's Going On Here
#Dreamers: Bottom line is, Democrats (#Pelosi and #Schumer) didn't think you were worth giving anything up for. Think about that.
Schumer always inciting division. Are you working for American citizen?
"ILLEGAL" Alians have no rights why should there children be any different? Save the tears for the millions of American foster children
He has no heart Senator. He's a prolific liar
How long have you been a muslim? And how much did you donate to the Bhood?
He won't because he does not have a heart
And that act should be on a case by case basis only not a blanket amnesty. Their situation was created by oh let me see, their parents!
@BackwardMonkey @POTUS It is with heart. It's just a black heart
Hey Chuck remember us??.  New York state?? We have no jobs and massive debt. Don't worry about what president Trump is doing
Time to send them home, we are tired of supporting them. How about you put your money where your mouth is chuckie
Ending DACA is acting with heart, he is showing heart to the American citizens who have to foot the bill for these people #EndDACA
Yeah, end it and ship them back, you need them though because without the illegal votes you guys would never win an election
Sorry Charlie, they gotta go.
Chuckles stop pandering.. you know the only way we can keep DACA is to keep parents too illegally votes 4 Democrats
Where's your heart 4 NY Senator?  Shameful
Even if he did everything you want, you would still bitch about it.  He works for us, not you.
With respect, @SenSchumer, please generate the will to get this cretin out of OUR house. He is an imminent danger to US.
You believed that? Pretty naive for a Senator.
Chuck, come on. He has no intention nor does he have the right or temerity to make value judgments on "heart." Please stop waiting & seeing
Can't Congress do something?  Calling Mueller to hurry up and keep working overtime
Chuck, @potus has no heart or soul. An empty shell, an orange shell.
He is acting from the heart. His is ugly, meanspirited, selfish.
He has no heart
Just two?
Oh- I got the reference! Perhaps the tin man is more fitting for this crew!
Sadly he is pathological.  Pleasing the racist base is only thing of import to him!
Why did Donald Trump authorized the federal government to give the Sheriff $1.5 million to his legal Fund?
Have you Feds. Lost your Minds?
If the super delegates do not support the primary voters in their state, their traitors and should be shunned.
The POTUS is like all of the Wizard of Oz characters rolled up in one, he has no heart, brain or courage.
And Trump hides behind a gold lamé curtain
Yep. Heart for the Legal American People that follow the law!
DACA was illegal from its inception and should be repealed. Obama can't make law
Racist
WHEN WILL TOO MUCH @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP WHEN? FOR WHAT ARE YOU ALL WAITING? @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence MUST GO
Let's just have open borders and pay for anyone that wants to stomp on our republic. Oh, wait, we already do that.
This is why we need term limits so that we don't have to hear your opinion ever again!
If we don't act quickly & decisively we could be seeing the end of our democracy. This ship is listing dangerously! #IMPEACHNOW
C'mon Chuck- you are seriously appealing to Trump to keep his word, show compassion???? Order a pair of balls from AMZN and shout contempt
Every hateful thing he does, either revenge for Russia investigation or hatred of Obama. He is psychotically driven. #ImpeachTheCrazyGuy
He's a heartless empty suit...expecting him keep any promise is ridiculous. He's a bigot acting to please his hateful base #standfordecency
you can't expect anything positive from Trump! He is obsessed with President Obama. He is destroying the U.S.
He would be thinking about those that entered the country LEGALLY rather than feeling for foreigners that break our immigration laws.
His heart is black Sir, black as the dirtiest coal we have ever seen. This is not a man, this is an egotistical, narcissistic animal-Cage IT
You've seen his heart, right? Not optimistic.
He's broken many promises already, is only obsessed with Muslims and that damned wall.
Have you been asleep all these months? WTFU. He could care less.
Work with the President your being selfish and destructive
He has no heart, no respect for anything or anyone. He's a sociopath and not fit to govern our country.
He will make the best decision for the American people #Maga
He is going to listen after you attack him in everything
@SymoneDSanders @POTUS If he ends it, that IS what's in his heart. He shows his agenda constantly!
Well he's a lier Chuck!
1/ dt won't. He's a liar, a hypocrite & a conman. His goal as potus is to undo as much of Obama's actions as possible.
2/ dt has no real interest in doing much else outside of ensuring he makes a profit for himself first, his family, & then his buddies.
3/ Oh, & feeding his gigantic but extremely fragile ego. 

dt's motives can be summed up in 3 words: revenge, greed & ego.   

/end
Every word from his mouth is always a lie to believe him would be a fool He doesn't have a heart & he has proved us all right unfortunately
Spoiler Alert: He lied and he has no heart.
if u think about it this racist was shouting "Jews will not replace us" hes definitely a racist tryiny to con his way like he did to WH
i see this tweet was pre-#ArpaioPardon. i think you have your answer, Senator. stop this psychotic #Nazi-in-Chief NOW #ImpeachTrump
https://mesg.ebay.co.uk/mesgweb/ViewMessageDetail/0/All/89540635009 …
To be fair, when he said that, this is what he meant.

Dear mister Schumer, the so called POTUS hates people who are different. And with his latest pardon I think #DACA will end. 1)
Hope #karma will catch him. There is nothing #Christian about his govern 2)
FWD.us’ mission is to mobilize the tech community to support policies that keep the American Dream achievable. Call your Rep - FWD.us
Pull your head out. He is an awful human being and will do no such thing. Let's stop treating him like he's anything other than a monster.
Oh, just stop believing reminders work on him. He's nothing but chaos.
