Thank you Sir for bringing this up.This is unacceptable to say the least. Concentration camps for Gay Men! Please don't let this be ignored
What about the @UN probing America's "Pray the gay away" concentration camps for LGBTQ CHILDREN?
~There aren't any. You're welcome.
Hey! Good Ball! Over here! Worry about the trump hating protestors/Domestic terrorist here first. You hate america
You want the UN meddling  in internal American affairs?
Too busy toting the line
I'm a NY and I'm fine with him caring about non-Americans
Good. I'm an American, and looking out for everyone is great. What has he done for my in last 6 months? Not talk, actual accomplishments
He represents NY, not all of America.
That's a Lie. He holds a vote for every piece of legislation that goes through the Senate.
Yeah, and when he votes he should always have NY on his mind since we're the ones that elected him
I hope this doesn't give Pence any ideas.
Easily one of the most least thought out comments I've ever heard
Someone in Russia has a case of acute HOMOPHOBIA!!!!!  DISPICABLE!
What about Christian attacks all over the Middle East!
"Take me to church" by Hozier is about this behavior. In many cases it is the churches behind this.
Thank you @SenSchumer for speaking up about this! #Russia and #chechnya both share in persecution of members of the #LGBT community. SHAME!
Do you really find this appalling - Chechnya is a Muslim area - you did know that? You have insulted Islam  
Where were you when "The Religion of Peace" was throwing gays from rooftops?
It would be nice if u went
The #UN is as useless and impotent as #Democrats in #Congress. #MAAG #TrumpTrain #GOP #tlot #tcot
Unacceptable!! Pency must like it, I'm sure he sees it as God's punishement!!
What are you going to do for the American people. You know the people.This is exactly how democrats lost everything. You don't work for us.
Really.https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/852138509355933697 …
& yet we still loose.
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily & predicted victory!
Pandering is what you do so well. Along with doing nothing.
you are appalling sir
I must ask, it's was clear what was going on in Chechnya for a very long time. We must look who's attacking them.
We can't control the world.
And nothing said by our administration?  Of course not -Sessions  & Bannon are probably elated!
Now you are telling the U N what to do, why don't you just try to help Americans for a change?
The fact that a Senator follows trash like Huffington Post is alarming in itself
And all over the Muslim world Chuck, perhaps you aren't paying attention, that religion of peace tosses gay individuals off buildings
Chuckle boy, it's none of your businesses, you cannot do the job elected to do & you sticking your nose in this?
LGBT: Liquor Guns and Big Tits!!!!
Oh but they should just ignore the fbi gestapo stealing the election in this country?
@UN must probe attacks in #StandingRock  #disgusting
Not going to happen like anything else involving Russia
We are in the middle of The GREAT HATE epidemic worldwide!!! Instigated Platformed-Condoned-& Coursed by Republicans & d fu£%*ng trump
everybody needs to be free to live their lives without fear of reprisal
An @realDonaldTrump supports that BS but in bed with putin regime?!
Did your therapy puppy run off?  You're a complete nut job if you believe that.
And the CAMPS!
Yes! And the @UN must fight against #genderapartheid in religious state #SaudiArabia #Iran ao help women like #SaveDinaAli #freenazanin
agreed! But look at NC right here today! Appalling!
Why don't you go probe Susan Rice?
The UN? They do nothing. They haven't stoped Assad or Putins slaughter of 500,000 Syrians. You think they're going to protect 100 gays?
Past. Chuck, the Muslims don't like gay people. You just now figuring that out?
I agree but why have you not called upon the UN to investigate attacks on Christians in Middle East?
They probably need to look into the polices of all the Islamic countries also.
Crap your not going to allow vetting of chechnyans are you OMG
You will call out Chechnya, but no muslim country. Why is that??
No one talking about atrocities against gays in muslim countries. Need to probe that too!
Just keep the gates open over here chuck and you will see those camps here. When are u libs gonna learn
Man you sure do alot of talking. How about some action.  That'll be something different from you. You're like a talking suit
"There are no Gay men in Chechnya".
What about gay building tossing in Mosul?  C'mon chuck. Catch up
More face time? Why don't you worry about yourself Nancy Hillary and the filth you spread? Fake news and accusations. Obstructing, Russia 
Terrorable!! Not human!!
This can happen anywhere - PROTECT OUR LGBTQ & investigate RUSSIA-TRUMP ties/money connections-Russian leverages w/IND INVEST & SPEC PROSECR
Well get your butt over there and do something rather than just running your mouth
The UN? Yeah, I'm sure the Security Council will put this at the top of their agenda, Putin is outraged 
Don't they mean gay "holocaust centers"? #SeanSpicer
Chechnya is not member of UN Russia is, and Putin doesn't control Chechnya Kadirov does so in reality you are not going to achieve anything
Chuck all your tweets are about this person or that organization needs to do something. When are you going to do something?
He yelled at a woman in a restaurant because she voted for Trump....  classy whiner that he is.
AGREE
That's horrible
What about the attacks in Saudi Arabia?
is having UN probe much diff frm creating a hashtag? what'll the UN do to effect any change in behavior that will directly affect LGBTQ ppl?
It must be a slow day in politics and you trying to remain relevant. LGBTQ in Chechnya?
This is horrifying
You think the Muslims will keep you in office?  They will see if you can fly when the toss you off a building.
you and the UN are jokes.
Forget about that nonsense. We have way bigger fish to fry with Korea and Russia. This weekend is most likely the beginning of the next war!
@SenSchumer, what do you propose to do about the shocking dearth of tranny bathrooms in Subsaharan Africa?
Yeah cause that's going to change exactly squat....
You can't change the treatment of these people unless you change the predominant religion of the country. LGBTQ is not acceptable to Muslims
Classic Chuckles
Chuckle: seems U worried more about foreigners than poor blacks being killed in Chicago. Why don't U tweet Chicago Mayor? @JeffSession #TX1
KEEP FOCUSED ON AMERICA !!  HAVENT YOU HEARD ?? AMERICA FIRST 
Sharia law coming to a town near you. VERY SOON
Is Chechnya predominately Muslim?  Should be peaceful and accepting of LGBTQ community, right? Religion of peace? @SenSchumer #Islamaphobic
@CurtisMWong Assad has murdered his own people the UN has done nothing. You think they can fix this?
bet u would like to be probed, 2 years ago u couldn't spell LGBTQ now u r all over it, any opportunity to pander, Chechnya is in upstate NY?
This is abominable and the USA & the West should do what they can to help foreign #LGBT & help spread reason over religion around the world.
And in USA!
are you brain damaged?  We have bigger issues than if some gay person got his feeling hurt in ANOTHER COUNTRY wfc
They need to be liberated ASAP!
Totally agree & pissed because now that we don't help/care about ppl anymore, it's unlikely. Thank you 4 being a good human & trying.
I am shocked!
Maybe the NC Reps. who are trying to declare same-sex marriages "null and void" took a page from Chechnya's playbook.
Federal Govt can not legalize same sex marriage. Read The Constitution. Constitution still supreme law of the land.
Oh dear. Rick, you are ill-informed and uneducated. Sad!
Insults are pointless Evidence  please
Thank you, Senator. Putin must be held accountable too. Kadyrov is only acting on his anti-LGBT dog whistling.
The UN should be expelled from America & relocated to the Gaza Strip and Israel or Iraq & Iran
Thank you Senator. No one is talking about this.
I tweeted about this to Trump this morning. Absolutely shameful!
Deplorable
Kadyrov suggests that everyone in Chechnya is straight or soon will be. The shame is not on the families but on the leadership!
Chuck you need to take care of the attacks in NY prisons iby state paid officers. Worry about NY Chuck .
Both domestic and international issues are the interest of US Senate.
for sure  perfect and protect one thing in state ; then go help the world.
Boy are you in a quandary. Islam or LGBTQ. You can't have both. Well Senator???
Chuckle, you keep deflecting into other issues when you are FAILING in your other shallow attacks against YOUR new TRUMP PREZ.

Saudi Arabia, Chucky


I say we investigate the muslims here and see what they are doing to gay people.
Thank you Senator!



UN is a farce.
Nope. Melania wins this one. BIGLY.
