The 5 living former Presidents are doing the job that the current one isn't qualified to do. You can donate here:
All that money is going to????
The @DNC because they are BROKE.  Or to #Antifa  OR #BLM
Check your current DNC fund raising stats & assume that both Bushes are still republicans...
When you are the swamp...party affiliation does not matter...because The Swamp is your party.
Yes! Trump hasn't appointed any Wall Street insiders & crooked business folks to gov't positions. It's not swamp, it's the sewer now!
I know...isn't it terrible? Why wasn't it terrible when Obama's entire cabinet was CITIBANK? Funny how that works. 
Did Obama run on the premise of "draining the swamp" just to fill it up with his dirtiest friends? No, that was your guy! You got conned!
Oh please dude. You cannot defend ...so deflect. Our swamp is being drained and exposed. Media. Hollywood.Sports and politicians.
The San Juan port can hold 5-6 cruise ships at one time. Rescue these ppl. Plz!
This is exactly what I tweeted about last night when some1 claimed rescuers couldn't land airplanes in PR.
Puerto Rico has ports which was what was used initially in Haiti in 2010 after the earthquake. Also heliports to get meds urgently needed.
Excellent! They need antibiotics today!! Right now. Let's ask some Veterans if they could get on the island. Call up the Marines, Kelly!
There's ppl desperate for Kidney Dialysis, Insulin, etc. tRump's delay in responding to PR has likely cost ppl their lives.
Didn't the PR government put back such things? Surely the PR gov has prepared for weather emergencies.
PR is without electricity so Kidney Dialysis machines won't work and Insulin vials must be refrigerated or will go bad quickly if not.
Does their government not have generators?
Really? If that was possible, why Gov Christy didn't have generators raring to go in the NJ hospitals after Sandy then?
Mark Cuban just sent his own plane with supplies. And ready for a few more trips.
See how many the Trump clan sends
I know right !!

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
Maybe we should send Puerto Rico the tax subsidies we send the NFL?
The US President was tweeting about football players instead of starting to save lives! This isn't leadership. It's lunacy.
I'm an avid Anti-Trump dude myself BUT your diatribes are more angry than constructive...and redundant. Any NEW ideas to discuss?
Agreed! Pls encourage people to call/email US Gov to demand they do more to help Puerto Rico & USVI.

Start here:
Have you not listened to the Pres. of PR?? He has thanked Trump for the help he has sent ..damn snowflakes.
So you believe the lying PR mayor? Help was there before the storm hit. Listen to the real people of PR who say he is doing great
Okay. So STOP tweeting and get to WORK to HELP PUERTO RICO!! #PuertoRicoRelief   Less Talking. More DOING!! Get it??

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
The parasite doesn't care about Puerto Rico. Time for some real leaders to step in & get the job done.
Already there, but need more. @SenSchumer playing politics as usual.
Senator, you're late to the party as well. DO SOMETHING! It's been days and days since Irma and Maria. #HelpPuertoRico
Does it not bother you that he speaks of Puerto Rico as if its an inconvenience to him and not even American?
It bothers me immensely. Since Trump is being that way, the rest of Government better step up their game rather than just point at him.
Our POTUS IS DOING ALL HE CAN .. Difficult getting supplies in ..
And how difficult could it be to bring in hospital ships, supply ships, etc.?
If you search Puerto Rico damage .. the photos are unreal .. waterways and bridges are gone .. big pieces or roads gone
Yes, I understand you completely,  these are American citizens, they need HELP!! The military could go beyond.
What else do u think he should do? They ARE sending everything they can. Why don't u go help then? This is island, can't drive trucks 2 it
Fema is already there. Leave it to libs to use a tragedy for politics. Disgusting and shameful.
Brown Women cries for hep Trump Fake News. NAZIS kill a girl "Fine People". YOU ARE DISGUSTING @realDonaldTrump @GOP @SpeakerRyan
Putin attacks America @realDonaldTrump "wouldn't it be nice to get along" Brown Women cries for help. Fake News
.@realDonaldTrump son meets with Russian to effect election "Hoax". Brown Women cries for help FAKE NEWS
.@realDonaldTrump Cabinet member spends $1 million on personal travel . Brown Women cries for help Fake News
I could go on for weeks. @realDonaldTrump. She was crying for help NOT FAKE NEWS
No chicky the time for Dem obstruction is over @seanhannity
Did you say the same thing when Hussain was potus? Mr HYPO?

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
So place a bill on the floor of the Senate and vote on it!
Why don't you wave your wand and restore the roads and bridges there that were damaged or destroyed. Things take time in the real world.
Hey @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS corrupt family regime r u ignoring our American  citizens because they are not part of your White America


Than get off your critical A-- and go help
Where have you been? And don't say working.
As, our president is doing the utmost job in aiding in this---------------fantastic job- Mr. Trump~
#Trump should "Offer Up" his acres of golf courses for FEMA Trailers for Costa Ricans who will soon need to flee island due to starvation!
Hey / I live in PR - more than 13,000 boots are on the ground - it's happening Chuck!
How sad!
Lying Chuck
So true
So do Americans without affordable healthcare and you’ve been dragging your ass for a freakin year.  PRs are in trouble if depending on you
They're getting it they are doing the best tbey can, just shut up will you!
Well you could be part of the solution,but no you'd rather make it look like your little hands are tied. Guess there's no money in it for u
From Saturday. Guess you were too busy stroking McCain and missed this?
Pssssst....that was a tweet
So get on a plane and go help?!Make some calls to Soros for some $&. I haven't heard George Soros making any donations to anyone but Antifa!
Does their government have reserves put back for emergencies?
Democrats -They're always part of the problem! Never part of the solution! They only raise funds for themselves and their campaigns!
Are there places around NY we can donate items? I heard there was but couldn't find locations.
Dude, SHUT UP! He is doing the job....more than I can say about you...all you do is bitch- that never helps solve problems.
So why are you still tweeting.  ????
Senator I am on twitter only because that traitor is in the WH and he made twitter a battleground I will fight for the USA even on twitter

Hey Big loser trump is a scammer and he is not the president He is legit and will be removed You back a traitor then you are a traitor
Trump is an electoral college check and balance mistake.

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
That's another lie. You can't tell? look at the distance and time of Puerto Rico and mainland America. Then tell me they are doing the most
Sen schumer stop the baloney and get something done to help, your just getting in the way.
Tell that to the obstructionist corrupt Mayor of San Juan Carmen Yulín Cruz, and have her work for the people and get supplies out!
POTUS is working thru ridiculous laws put in place by fools like you...he is handling it...what are you doing to help??
Chuck pay attention ! The POTUS has sent FEMA!  And all resources ! So shut up
FEMA folks are there and want to help but can't because chain of command hasn't released permissions; water in short supply; some food.

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
I agree we must come together to help others in a huge disaster. It is our responsibility to be an example of greatness and help. Join us.
Don't worry Trumps got this! You might want to watch a news station that carries "fair & balanced" news.
Which one is that CNN or MSNBC.
Bahahahahaha bags
Who is actually in charge of sending aid and what's taking so long? Take my taxes and help these people!

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
Well hate to say this but commander in chief chump does not like Puerto Ricans. So maybe Congress needs to stop talking and do something.
Everything wit dems/ libs is RACISM. OVER PLAYED SO MUCH, NO ONE LISTENS TO BS ANYMORE! WHAT FACTS DO U HAVE TO BACKUP UR COMMENT?
I am no longer trying to convince trump's idiots.  Take a break from kissing his colon. The sunlight might do you some good!
Keep licking Obamas zipper
Sorry. Don't lick nothing I Don't OWN!! TRY IT!
So what are you and you colleagues doing. Just criticizing! What does that do. What have you organized? What have you donated?
Thank you @SenSchumer

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
Right now. RIGHT NOW!! There should be no idle airlift or sealift capability in this nation’s armed forces until power & water are back on!

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
Tweets and talk is all Trump knows how to do.... well, except for grabbing... you know..

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
And your point? The poor man is begging for help, you really think he's gonna blast what little help he's gotten? DUH!
Trump minions have no point. They just parrot what their Orange Dumbass leader says.

The Trump administration’s feeble response to Hurricane Maria rivals Bush’s after Katrina: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/09/the_trump_administration_s_disaster_response_in_puerto_rico_after_hurricane.html?wpsrc=sh_all_dt_tw_top … via @slate
Love the anecdotal stuff from "people on the ground," as opposed to what's been said by real journos & others. I'll take Slate over krissy.
I'll take National Lampoon over Krissy.
@realDonaldTrump Why don't you send in the military to help and you stay away from the planned photo-op trip w/people u don't care about?
He has!!!!
.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
I donated here: it's very simple! Be sure to select "Hurricane Relief" from the drop down:
try to pay attention to whats being done
Help been ongoing every hour. Help needed long before however-another place destroyed by Dem/Progressives-bankrupt
So tell us Chuck what are you doing, personally?
Catch up Senator.
Then stop tweeting, you’re on OUR dime. Get to work. Puerto Rican officials praising Trump!
#Idaho's @Raul_Labrador was born there, outside of saying he prays for citizens, he still carries water for Trump who shows no leadership.

.@ricardorossello: We are very grateful for the administration. They have responded quickly. @POTUS has been very attentive to the situation 
What are @TheDemocrats doing other than barking?
PR is getting help fast as they can get there.  When are you going to get off ur ass and help why don't you go with president?
support this https://www.fema.gov/news-release/2017/09/24/federal-response-teams-assisting-puerto-rico-and-us-virgin-islands …
Conjugal visits in jail are not fun for anybody...
Your Boss, President Trump is working hard, beside complaining, are you working to help Puerto Rico? You are like 4th in line!!! Get to work
I think it's funny you dems think we have endless amounts of money
 20trillion in debt and climbing!!!!
Out of your whole
What exactly have you done for anyone, Chuck? Sure didn't hear anything about you helping at any of the hurricanes, wildfires, etc..Crickets
Yes please.
Seriously tho, Chuck - even you must get tired of you sometimes, right?
Action Chuckie.  Sick of lib talking but doing nothing personally.
What the hell have you done ?
OPEN YOUR EARS CHUCKIE BOY!! Trump has sent a lot down there, takes time to get there!!!!!!
Get on it !  Enough lip service !!  Jesus.
Get your ass down there and help Chucky!  All you do is complain and hate!
Hahaha says the guy who tells everyone to do nothing!!
And yet you tweet! Dipshit
The Dems are there races that's why they always scream racist about everything looking for cash they can hand out for votes
Just in case you've forgotten, resource allocation & budgeting are the purview of Congress - so shut up, quit whining, and do your job.
Settle down...they have been getting help & are getting more help. Stop trying to start something you don't need to start. Help, not hinder!
Why should American taxpayers help Maria or Harvey victims ? 
Same reason the #ACA should be funded...
Compassion
OK so go do your job.
Chucky boy....why don't you go over to help them personally instead of always yakking.  Actions speak louder than words!!!!
Go Chuck! Thx.
i guess you do not read and are not up to date? smh
U donate a million yet ?
Here is a tweet for you shut it

And you’re going to do what exactly?
Then get to work Chucky ... deeds not tweets, fool!
Hey F Chuck...share with us the sweetheart deal you got your protege “Carlos Danger” Weiner. He is your close protege isn’t he??
Past due. Response team suppose to be competent and have prepared to respond to disasters...all I see is failure from the trump team. GEEZ!
Like I said previously, u should take some of ur 'pac' $$$ & donate to relief. Set an example. U have the funds!
Did you donate $$ to them? What have you done for any of us you grand HACK.
I believe you are spreading discord to get your way, spread hope instead
oh chuckie boy, Trump has been on this since day one..where have you been..quiet until now
Does that mean you’re going to stop tweeting and do something?  #hypocrite #useless #goaway
While Chucky counts his millions stolen from the Government, Trump is getting it done. Aid is there, people on the ground.
They been there for a while now. You know this.
Then stop tweeting little Chucky.
LIAR. Puerto Rico has been and continues to be assisted by USA. Are you anti- America. As well. I bet YOU would take a knee DURING anthem
You're a small man to take shots like that.  Karma my man.
a little compassion from the president might be nice
It's got more compassion that the corrupt liberals/ stop your rhetoric/island is 25years behind in their infrastructure/ blame liberals
Are you headed down there to fix it?
PLEASE THIS IS NO JOKE!!
Time for Chuck to grab some tools and help out instead of blaming POTUS for inaction.
We'll get your butt over there now.  Put your money where your mouth is.
Read real news, help has been arriving. Back to your swamp and your liberal rock!
thank god ... the next time they vote for president .we'll see. republicans out.no electoral votes . republicans out .but they areUSA
they vote in primary no congressmen represents them & no 1 to help get help 2 them for 3.5 million people. stand up america they need help
Sure. What have you done Chucky?  Nothing for Puerto Rico.   Nothing for VI.  Nothing for the American people.   You should be ashamed.
Why don't you do something???  You are a senator. Do something for once.
Except you're days too late in complaining. The help has already come.
I hope you end up in prison or Hell. You really sicken me.
"Time for tweets is over #Schumer... The American People need #Obamacare to END!
Are you a man of action @SenSchumer ? Me thinks not. Unless you tweeted this from the deck of a USN support ship.
Personally:
Itemized.
They are getting it if u did not know that you should resign please do all of us a favor and resign please
Then stop tweeting and get your a** on a plane
The ARMY is already there numbnutz. The airport has no power for radar or the control tower. Ports just opened. You're an idiot.
What the American Citizens Dont need is you Chucky Tumor.
Exactly. They don't need to hear, "They've treated us very nicely because they know we're working hard." My God.
The leader of the party of oppression and slavery speaks senseless dribble.  
Yes, that's you Chucky.  Where's your KKK hat?
FEMA already there. Next
POTUS keep on tweeting!! And talking!! We support you!!! You're doing Amazing! Unlike crying shumer =obstructionist!!
You simply SUCK! Can't wait for your America Hating Butt to be voted off the map!
Send in the Clinton Foundation, dude.
How about getting the equipment that we left in the Middle East. More than enough generators to take care of the entire island
Trump and the Federal Gov. have been there from the start Y are the Libs lying about all of this,Libs 
Finallyyyy
They vote time and time again to remain separate from us but now that the shit hits the fan they suddenly want our help? Hmmm
Don't talk about it be about it
Fuck it just print up some money and give it away, right Obama?
CHUCKY send your money
Do you need a Kleenex? We know your !
Trump is taking care of it.  He's un-schumering everything. Just go back to what you do best cause trouble and division. #MAGA
Get off your butt and go down there! See how easy it is with no airport & no docks to pull in! Plus who would protect you!
The actions need to include elimination of the Jones Act. We can't continue to pay more per item with the unemployment rate we have!
Yea a week ago. Jhc
you are a charlatan, what are you doing. you are just grumpy cause your wiener is going to prison
Good to see you're trying to use words you're not familiar with, Chucky!  Words like "results", "humanitarian"  "American"!!
I need Obamacare repealed
Quit trying to make this political and learn the facts before YOU TWEET! The response by @POTUS is unprecedented and amazing!

Then get your ass over there and drive a truck to unload some of those 3000 containers of necessities sitting in port.
The same thing can be said regarding the Obamacare fiasco you scum Dems foisted on America. Don't see u doing a damn thing about that. 
Crying Chuck open YOUR wallet!! Please don't let this crisis go to waste!  The news media needs your talking points!
GFY
Then why, Chuck, are you just tweeting and talking?  What a goon.
No Governor should have to beg for help after an emergency. These are AMERICANS and they need our help. It's about time @realDonaldTrump
So ... you're going to repeal the Jones Act then, right? You've got legislation in motion?
when you going to help
Hey chuck feel free to get your ass on a plane and go help the people of Puerto Rico instead of tweeting about it. Don't hurry back!!!
Maybe you and your colleagues could do something to help!
Chucky. You have been on public welfare since you got out of college working for th government. Never a real job. You along
With Blasio and Cuomo have done nothing for Puerto Ricans
Remove Jones Act
PR debts forgiven to my trust
Debts owed are forgiven by my right as principle of
Phillip Edward Jehle Alexander Trust 1880
Typical demagogue.Trump had 6k troops hunkered down on the islands DURING the storm, went into action when she passed. Fastest response of 3
government. Try reading from PBS interview...
And the snowflakes will instantly think he's not doing anything. The Left is a master at propaganda that keeps the sheep in line.
Then get off your ass and help them.
Newsflash!! We know "don't let a crisis go to waste" is ur mantra! We all know ur agenda. Why r u on self destruct?!
Hello!!! The US is doing something already. Or don't you know that? Where have u been? Catch up!  #GodBlessAmerica
Dear chuck, just because you can't multitask doesn't mean he can't. FEMA and military present
There are 700 FEMA workers in Puerto Rico.  Sadly, 2 hurricanes have done horrible damage to both of these territories.
The Jones Act must go
Stop putting out false narratives that he isn't doing his job. Congress is not doing their job, that means YOU too!
Hey chuck so do ALL THE HOMELESS IN THE USA but God knos u don't care about them. Only the ones that aren't even Americans. Ur so worthless
Exactly, stop tweeting & obstructing and get our @POTUS the funding to help these people.
Isn't it time to mention that help has gotten to the islands quick enough because they are predominately black.  Oh Chucky boy!
Trumps actions have already spoken louder than your words.
Then get off your ass and twitter and get a bill appropriating money to them. The same way you bitched and Mohamed about DACA.. The
YES!! @SenSchumer Please push for relief funding! Puerto Rico needed it last week!
But the US Virgin Islands needed it THREE weeks ago! 2 cat5 hurricanes in 12 days! #USVI #vistrong
I'm waiting for Chuck to start crying. Maybe he should run for POTUS in 2020. It's all Dems got
Trump has been GREAT during ALL the hurricane damage! You have NOTHING to complain about! BTW-What are YOU Doing to help besides TWEETING?
Why don't you give out some of your money. All you do is run your dam mouth. You are as they say CLOWN.
The bring a bill to repeal the Jones act, or at least suspend it for 6 mos to 1 Year  But then again Mr Schumer(only Mr. .....
... as you do not deserve the Honorific of Sen.) you don't seem to be able to do your job. Only interested in .......
..........promoting the Lunatic Leftist Liberal Fringe agenda of the Democrat Party, and nat the will of the American People or ,,,,,,,,
...... anything that would benefit them.  End your Obstructionism or resign for the good of the Republic and the American People.
What are you waiting for? Go help!
Is it true, Senator, that YOU fed Jimmy Kimmel his talking points? 
Hurricanes: The latest weapon leftist pukes use to malign R presidents. Could they be any more sleazy? Human suffering for political points.

It is a sad day when House Democrats will—in the name of politics—vote against disaster relief and air traffic safety measures. 
Where's your $$$
