tick tock
the assault is Obama care that we can't afford..You are putting people on the street,  because of this program.
Hey dummies, you should be focusing on #EndingTheAssualtOnAMERICANFamilies #MAGA
End the tax burden on American families!
the torn apart families USED by you dems are there because of what THEY DID what THEY CHOSE. not because of OUR LAWS
-Funny how you never bring up how many American citizens have been murdered, raped, beaten and robbed by illegal aliens.
Classic since you & you Party is the Assult to American Families! Your behavior is a embarrassment to the Country! RETIRE
bots are on the rise. Please ignore them, we appreciate everything you do. Keep going for the good.
Why do hate the US Constitution?
how about you put American citizens and our families first? Votes and party first Senator or Americans first?
illegal immigrants are not Americans you fool.
. One Big LYING, BIGOT Democrat! SCHUMER NAZI SS GENERAL!
#Endmindlessdemocrats
once again you quickly forget that Obama deported more then any other Presidnt and you said nothing then. Hypocrite.
deport the whole family. Problem solved. Join all the clubs u want, but leave DC so American families can be safe. @POTUS
TELL THEM THAT IT'S ON YOU FOR MAKING THE LAWS LIAR
unstable person. You should not have any power whatsoever in this country. Keep attacking american citizens at dinner.
such propaganda, what vomit
how about #protectamericafirst chuck. You only care about your re election chances. If America is lucky it won't happe
#EndTheAssaultOnUsCitizens by criminal illegals
illegals are not Americans
Good to see the Senator standing with the racist NCLR and their criminal support policies.
I am guessing Kate Steinle family & the 14 yr gang rape victim would have liked to see the end to assaulting US families!
Good senator fm NY exposed himself for what he is at upper east-side restaurant, an intolerant hack.
aww you gonna cry more fake tears
- another special interest group?  Y can't you just work for American citizens?
trolls galore today. Ignore them @SenSchumer
first schumer resign there's a good start
That is THEIR decision.  They have a choice.  You have no right to make that decision for them
You need to step down from office after becoming unhinged last night. You are never going to be able to get anything done
. Tell that to trump
I hope you and all your colleagues get booted out of public service by any means.
I thought @harryreid2016 made me sick, holy shit..
wow chuck is getting on board with banning and deporting illegals! Way to go chucky!
But let's allow the assaults & rapes of American citizens by illegals ?
The next thing will be don't separate a criminal from his family, we should just let them stay on the streets
What about families killed by illegals. 
You are so majorly misinformed and unAmerican. I hope you personally "meet" the terrorists you support. 
Hopefully that includes discussing how to #stopsanctuarycities
Come here legally and there won't be any problem!
#laraza is a racist organization, Chuck http://www.politico.com/blogs/on-congress/2009/05/tancredo-la-raza-is-latino-kkk-018732 …
If just ONE American citizen is harmed by an ILLEGAL immigrant, that's one life TOO MANY! #SupportLawandOrder
Sch, end stupidity. Resign!!!!
Don't forget "End Verbal Assault on Trump Supporters at Restaurants!"
assault on little old lady @ restaurant! What a worm hope she charges you
Didn't you assault a person in a restaurant last night because she voted for Trump?
Arresting an immigrant who had been deported 5 times already is not assault. It's common sense. #AmericaFirst
, Since we have "Haven Cities",
Shouldn't they have SERVICES to help people become
citizens on a faster track?
Why don't you do some work that benefits the american people for once. All you do now is fight for a failed party.
You can also encourage all NOT to burn our American flag, if you care about this country.
keep fighting for us
Are you an illegal alien? Because that's who he is fighting for. If you are, get legal or go home.
Matthew 3:8
Therefore bear fruits worthy of repentance,
