Only states who implement state income tax. Negative for NY, CA, and NJ. FL, TX, NH WA, TN will benefit from the simplification and brackets
I'm in TN and I won't.
Tell me more how you will not?
I work in finance. Conditions look like 2008 all over again.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/09/27/us/politics/six-charts-to-explain-the-republican-tax-plan.html?rref=collection%2Fsectioncollection%2Fus …

Bad for 90% isn't accurate.
Or you know, take Trump the liar in chiefs word for it. He's proven to be so honest.
I hope those poor people make good use of their 60.00!
Statement: “it doesnt help 90%” that is false. It can be said that the wealthy get a larger break, not that it doesnt benefit 90%.
The kind that keeps my tax money from being given to states like NY, CA, MA and other libturd states that over tax there citizens!!!
Honey. Your red state gets subsidized by those blue states bc they pay in more than they use and red states use more than they pay.
Hate to burst your bubble but you take more than even my state does
All states take more than they give! Here’s a newer graph and you still lose!
No. They do not. Look further down the chart. Good lord. Cannot even read a freaking chart
Thank those folks from New Jersey (my home state) for subsidizing you.  see. How that chart works is-for every 1, it shows what they take.
Maybe it's time to change the state government - Dems seem to have no idea how to run a state. High taxes, high min wage, wasteful spending and zero business sense.

So dont tax uz at tbe State level...simple
Funny how the states that have a problem are those  controlled by Democrats....hilarious
Hilarious. I’m guessing you live in one of the states that my California tax dollars subsidize right?
And I see what Dems have done to our cost of living

Lower your sky high taxes Schumer and this would not be an issue. Democrats are screwing people with their outrageous spending habits. We are sick of subsidizing your blue states.
The kind that impacts high-taxed states like CA and NY because all they want to do is continue their progressive agendas - SPEND SPEND SPEND!
you reform the nys & nyc tax system
How come u don't use the same logic with the estate tax? Have u ever seen a tax u didn't like?
Maybe stop stealing so much of your residents' hard-earned income for pet projects/the lazy and it won't be an issue!
Your a gazillionaire so don't act like you care about the middle class. Just go away we don't like you nor need you!
A “Tax Credit” for state taxes on our federal returns would eliminate double taxation. The current system of “deductions” for state taxes paid is still at least 65% double taxation.  Know the difference between deductions and credits.
I'll ask again: why are we talking about tax cuts when we're $20T in debt? I'm a Dem, but this honestly makes No Sense.  We're broke!
We are in debt because of spending, not lower income tax
So you tax your constituents to death to pay for your liberal policies and it’s every states problem?  Karma!
So eliminate the state and local tax and this wouldn’t happen. If more people had more money in their pockets, they would spend more, essentially bringing in more taxes. Simple isn’t it
NY taxes are out of control. Now you’re mad you can’t tax anymore. People of NY throw out the tax and spend liberals. You know how to spend your money better than Cryin Chuckles & Co. @realDonaldTrump
Get Cuomo to reign in tax in New York and the Tax Reform won't be a problem. Taxes in New York are too damn high.
Does anyone actually believe that @realDonaldTrump gives a damn about the middle class? I mean, seriously...
I do
The deduction is a federal subsidy for state spending. End the subsidy.
STOP taxing NY citizens so much, and just maybe you'll find they'll invest that money in the American economy.  Root cause, Sir.
You and your ilk are why I left NY after 40 years. Middle class families like mine can fair much better outside NY state. It's disgraceful.
The kind of tax plan that will never benefit the middle class. #TaxReform
Because Dems have given us great things and a well designed tax system right?
Trump, once again, is working in his own best interest.
And the American oligarchs. Our democracy is the real Target. We get in the way of their rape of the world.
Hey genius, we do not have a "democracy", The USA is a REPUBLIC.
I won't waste my time to educate someone who is old enough to know but to blind to see.
Read the rise and fall of the Third Reich fool!
Me and my other small business / SE friends are really upset about this too. Seems to clearly punish us for living in certain states.
Your state does that!  They are the ones charging state taxes.
How about you control the ridiculously high taxes and cost of housing in your own state and it wouldn’t be a problem.
well i guess you commies need to start lowering your state taxes then... or welcome a sales tax... soooo sorry commie... elections have consequences.
Then maybe you should stop robbing your constituents at the state level
Lower your state and local taxes so Middle Class Americans can keep more of our money in heavily taxed States, sir
Lower the state taxes and quit wasting money on illegals.
Only fools and ignorant people believe that higher and more taxes equates to a better quality of life. Tax cuts need to happen and the govt to become more responsible for the taxes it has and uses.
Where is the Dems plan? Or are you there just to critique Tax reform?
Same on the eliminates tax on HALF your investment income- because so many middle class people have more than the $1500 allowed. ha ha ha ha
Yup and removes deduction for 401ks that many middle class taxpayers use. Removes incentive to save 4 retirement
"But it's so easy to fill out!"
Why do they hate people so much?
If corps get this tax cut, I don't want to hear any arguments that raising min wage will cost consumers. When does the little guy win?
Never
Exactly. Meanwhile us little folk infight and scrounge around for the scraps they throw our way.
Answer. Trumps
Why should I subsidize your high tax state?
Look what it does to seniors & retirees who paid mortgage & have high medical
Thats how absurd it is that you are a senator making law.There are so many other ways .U misspend always and then stop GOP the fix.Pathetic
Stop pretending you care about the middle class.0 Dems stood up to OBama like you stand up to Trump.

Retweet until Congress takes action. #remove45 
Since you don't want double taxation then u should be happy w the elimination of the estate taxes.  Or are u a hypocrite?
Maybe if NY didn’t rip taxpayers off they wouldn’t need the deduction
I really wish people would stop calling this travesty "reform", including you, Senator. There's nothing being reformed here.
Chuckles, tell us what percentage of tax payers itemize their return? High State and Local Taxes are a State issue. Fix your State!
Make it plain English" Trump's plan introduces Double Taxation!". Simple messaging helps. Look at the last election. Cut the complicated
8yr years you did nothing on this do something or retire
Answer- a #TaxReform bill written by a greedy, crooked #GOP led by a greedy, crooked, sorry excuse for ‘president.
More reason to move from Blue State to Red State - No State Income Tax in most Red States!
high tax states are on their own now...genius  citizens will wake up 
@GroverNorquist @redpillusa @TaxPolicyCenter @taxfoundation @JoeFreedomLove @TeaPartyOrg @TeaPartyPatriot @teapartynews 
Now you have my attention
Wait...you don't like being taxed twice?

You support the #DeathTax you clown!
No it doesn’t. Reduce government spending
#TaxReform seeks to settle scores between Red And Blue States.  So divisive! @POTUS makes America worse off again.
He is a a looser, period!!!!
I vote against this...This will mean registered business owners, Sole proprietorship will end up paying more for double taxing.
Let's go to a flat tax. Everyone pay their fair share. NO loop holes for the rich or corporations!
4 hearings jto see if they believe you are injured ? So no pay till compensation or denied. Then what it goes till 2018
-You represent the highest taxed state in the Union. #Red42
DOL made me aware of American workers that get hurt on the job  need to play a waiting game of 4 hearings.it take 4 X
Senator, please STOP CALLING IT 'REFORM'! It's a tax giveaway to the wealthy. It's a shift of the burden of paying for gov't to working folk
Any member of Congress who votes for Trump tax bill will be committing a crime against the people of the USA.
Only question to #DonTheCon and #PotusMinions re:taxes ... When will we see last 5yrs of @realDonaldTrump returns ??  Only question
It's designed to benefit him once again! I think he should show Americans how he cheated with tax laws. We all want to learn about that!
Did you forget about increasing the standard deduction? they will not have to itemize except for the very wealthy. stop with false comments
Apparently you are so corrupt that you don't realize we are taxed to death. Gas taxes, phone taxes, electric taxes,; I could go on all day.
Only in the States that over tax their residents. Abolish the State income tax like other States. Done...Next question Chuck? #maga
It's not tax reform it's tax cheat. State and local tax deductions could be the only taxes that help homeowners. Trump does not care at all.
It’s garbage
Taxes Twice, Schumer you must think we are all stupid. We are taxed a lot more than twice, you tax everything
I'm in the 'middle class', and this bill will lower my taxes. Remember, the standard deduction is doubled. Chuckie isn't telling you that.
CA, NY and NJ voted for higher taxes. Why is this such an issue?
What kind of President charges citizens to be rescued, cuts taxes for the rich and refused to show his own 'taxes'?
Crazy pants in the WH can't pass this either ...LOL! What a fool
The one that stops big liberal blue state govts from having the rest of the country subsidize them.
Hey Chuck!!! Why do we pay federal, state, FET, property,  sales, death, local, county, payroll, capital gains, FICA, SS, import, Estate, +
I saw #MortgageInterestDeduction, but I don't see #PropertyTaxDeduction. I'm extremely worried. I really NEED both deducts. Keeps me afloat!
Lol! Silly fool Democrats. This is great! #MAGA
A Republican one!
@realDonaldTrump Great questions.
Want's to punish the 'blue' states.  This is obvious.  It's all a BS lie.
Lie. Your divisive deceit is reprehensible
You don't like it because high tax Democrat governor led States will have to answer to their constituents...lost their big deduction.
Anyone surprised about that?
The emperor with new clothes strikes again...
Good question. Did you wish to respond, @realDonaldTrump?
a tax reform designed by the Koch brothers to screw everyone but the top 1%... Paul Ryan is just their errand boy...
It's all about trump estate and avoiding taxes for the kids. Pure selfish as always for the draft dodger!
Tax us twice on the same dollar? Orange Three card Monty shark is out to rook the rubes.
Chuck you had your chance to fix things and didn't. You are big dance no rain. Who is feeding you your talking points?
That's part of the Requiem For The American Dream.  It's Republicans intentional plan to destroy Middle America and the poor of course
Your apart does care Middle Class 
Liar!
What do you know about running anything but your mouth? Ever have to fill out compensation forms for 40 employees? 1/4 tax forms? Nope.
Whenever you do anything it has to b bad for someone. Forget about the country as a whole. Look at one person that might pay a little more
I see you didn't get your white privilege tax break either. Awwww
Who cares CHUCKY. California hates America and Americans anyways
A Republican House and Senate plan They're concerned with giving tax cuts to the rich and will continue to lie to the middle class and poor.
That's a question best addressed by your Democratic friends in the NY State Assembly and Senate. LOL
8 years of obama and your sort proved how democrats work for the good of the country,get real chuckie
Put your money where you're mouth is then! What have u done lately?? NADA:(
Activist are now fine tuned machine. Let's do this what we did to both awful HC plans.
I don't want to subsidize liberal states who tax their people to support socialism.
How is that taxed twice.? If u want to use that logic the estate tax is actually taxing twice. Your response?
Bullshit Republican tax cuts. It is not reform!
Since when did hi taxes bother you
How about you and the other thieves in Albany lower our taxes, you’ve had how many years to do it??
Chunky cheese
Maybe then they would have to hold their state and local govts accoubtable. It us not taxed twice, it just means the rest of don't pay too.
That is crazy!!  Taxes are so high up here! Need that deduction!!!
Why should my federal tax be responsible to subsidize your high taxed state and local taxs cut cost and lower them or live with it
The #GOP #TaxReform will not be a cut for 25% of Americans that itemize. Gary Cohn didn't seem to care.
because that's where the illegals, who avoid taxes, get their tax returns!
We need r mortgage deduction, med deductions, & a lower middle class rate. Looks like ours could go up! devastating knowing rich win on plan
Well, Chuck, I believe it high time that the state of New York reforms its tax plans.  TEA taxed enough already.  Sound familiar?  Call Andy
During the Past 8 Yrs @SenSchumer & @POTUS44 @TheDemocrats @SenateDems Made sure the Wealthy became super wealthy. Middle Class Killed OFF!!
The national debt and deficit will be put on STEROIDS with this tax plan. The middle class will get stabbed in the back to pay for this debt
Yesterday you were crying about estate tax!!! Clearly a double tax!!!
Well other than bullshit, what plan do you have Chucky? Let's see it.
I know! Get rid of the state income tax!
The kind that is really meant to help his wealthy buddies # he is right bout 1 thing ,it won't help him, cause he doesn't pay taxes.... 
those states are taking from the federal taxes owed. States should not take from federal.
What kind of congress keeps spending when the country is BROKE!!!!
let the disinformation and lying begin..
One designed to penalize blue States.
Screws me 
You guys are misrepresenting the truth how do you live with yourselves
By repealing the estate tax the Trumps stand to gain $4,000,000,000, can you please explain that fact to the American people?
Well then maybe the states should eliminate the tax burden then...states that don’t have state taxes don’t get an additional break
Exactly. Thank you. Under this plan my family would pay more.
Exactly! Don’t let this moron allow this to pass
Details, details...it's why I love Democrats.  They're as OCD/Anal Retentive as I am.  Just wish they knew how to do the Tango.  Wouldn't Chuck and Nancy be the bomb on DWTS?  <Swoon>
and wouldnt it be nice if the fed government paid you intrest for the money it takes and uses before sending it back to you in tax returns?
As an Independent voter I will tell you after what GOP did on HEALTHCARE...I DO NOT TRUST ANYTHING THEY SAY ON BUDGET. ZERO TRUST!!
Chucky pay attention. Std Ded has been doubled!!!!
as usual Chuck you lie to the people that are naive and buy into your nonsense. I'm all for this tax cut and I'm on 1 income
How about just lowering taxes in New York State?
This coming frm Sen. who doesn't care if U r taxed 3 times on the same monies by kping the DEATH TAX. Chuckie U only care bc U r from NY
We already are. What are you talking about. We are now!!maybe your not but we are
there are states that don't have state income tax at all. So why don't we go to that nation wide!
EXACTLY
Chuck Schumer is an idiot! Left wants people depending on the government! He is a liar!

It's not fair to those of us living in states that don't tax their citizens. Like your friends and family that leave high tax NYC for FL.
you did not repeal bush tax cuts
But the estate tax does it as well.
Why don't you lower the state tax???
Or would that help the middle class you so often say you want to help
one that doubles my standard deduction, one that lowers my tax bracket and one that lowers corp. rates & repatriates overseas $$.... get it?
to the choir but bears noting that this tax 'reform' (aka Cut to the Wealthiest) cannot happen. WTF is wrong with America! Gilded Age x1000!
to bring the GOP to heel, once and for all on tax 'reform'. Unjust senators will not prevail, and I want to help. From MN, so preaching 2/
And your plan does what?
Senator Schumer, You are fighting battles that should never need battling. We are with you and would like 2 know how we can help the cause/1
Also the dependent exemption. The raise in standard deduction is nonsense if you cut the other deductions for families.
When morality comes from a position of power it is cynicism, and cynicism, as administrator, it is just nefarious https://escritosdeorlan.blogspot.com/2017/09/calm-down-folks.html …
I am a senior who survives tax season with my mortgage interest deduction. That going too? btw I have had to pay CA state.
U should learn the difference between a standard deduction VS itemized deductions
You liberals started this "Pay your fair share"
Now the rest of this nation is tired of paying more than our fair share of federal taxes.


Same goes for the "death tax" that you support!
The death tax only applies to estates worth over  $5,000,000, not middle class families.
Where did you get that little tidbit?
But doubling the standard deduction doesn't count! Please go away.

BULL!!!!! Taxing twice is THE DEATH TAX!
Not surprised in the least....if only we knew someone or some way to craft a better plan??? ...thinking, thinking, thinking....
What are U going to do about it?  Stop talk    DO
No chucky! It's only hurts states like yours and that's the only reason you're opposed. If it benefited your pocket you would not complain
Middle class been supporting you and the poor forever now,so stop bitching give us a break
it only costs so much in NY bc you guys keeping giving free shit away to get votes
Remove ALL DEDUCTIONS Chuckles and get sleazy politicians LIKE YOU out of the biz of handing out tax breaks like candy to crony's & donors!
Oh the king where a guy in Utah doesn’t have to subsidize a guy in NY
Blue state blues
How about eliminating income tax altogether?
It disproportionately benefits states with bloated govs. & high taxes. Hurts States. Big State like Ca. And no surprise Chuck NY? Nice try!
Lets face it chuck....u couldnt support Jesus and the ten commandments if prez trump liked it.
It disproportionately hurts smaller states & benefits bloated state government’s & exorbitant taxes like. CA & NY ... NY, what a surprise
If that were true why tax twice with the death tax?
hopefully get rid of deductions and you as well
Since when do politicians do anything in The People’s best interest. IF we benefit after you fulfill YOUR agenda, then you’ll say was for us
Schumer- Your liberal NY State is so out of wack with the rest of the country's property tax.Why should the country subsidize your high tax?
