YOUR NOT STANDING FOR ME YOUR STANDING FOR NOTHING UR CANDIDATE DID NOT WIN GET OVER IT
no one wants to Hear what you have to say
OBAMA ALLOWED GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK TO DO IT FOR YEARS. #FACTSMATTER
While you're at it, coukd you ask him not to kill the environment? Or science? Or...
So if I order a prescription online, & my browser history is sold it's AGAINST the HIPAA law ! PERIOD !!!!!
Step down #headclown @SenSchumer - you & all the #democRATS are not relevant!! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS @seanspicer @BreitbartNews @GOP
don't' filibuster, postpone while treason is investigated. the next nom might be worse
Your urging him from twitter? SMH, Why don't you act like a big boy and walk in a room, sit down and talk to him.
Politics is Give&Take
So Give 2 Trump on Gorsuch &
Get Trump 2 Give 2 U On This Vote
Stop Being a Partisan&B an American
4 The Greater Good!
you don't get to ask for anything BECAUSE YOU WON'T BEND AND DO WHAT HE WANTS!  period!  you are such a fool!
Everyone knows the privacy resolution isn't even in effect. If Obama really cared it would have gone into effect already instead of in 12/17
how will they win 2018 if they don't have everyone's internet history. Won't need to hack this time. #cambridge
You keep treating him like he is a president, fact is he is a Traitor and cares nothing about Americans you are wasting time playing nice
What is this nicey nice crap?  The is a traitor and a crook.
There is no reason that the company that I pay for Broadband service should then be able to profit by selling my information
But it's ok to allow Google & Facebook to have and sell it? Why don't you ask Chuckie about that? Dems already sold us all out.
Remind him that his history is in there somewhere.
Yeah. Though he doesn't use the internet much from what I understand. For just that reason.
Darn!
Really?  Did your president Obama respect Mr. Trump's privacy??? I think not.
Why on earth in the first place did Congress approve this bill? For them to give our personal information to anyone is outrageous.
When the tiger has no STRIPES. I know, rhetorical, pro forma....but STILL...
Never thought that I would agree with Chuck Schumer on anything but this is how adults & Americans should behave Mr. Schumer.
you stand up and vote yes for SCJOTUSA
Cheeto45 cares about only money and himself. #PatheticCon
If dems were so interested in internet security Hillary wouldnt have had her own server. #JustSayin
REMEMBER  @AnnCoulter advice to Republicans - if Chuck Schumer is smiling, Vote NAY!
Why should he want to help an obstructionist like you. Schumer you are pathetic
I am totally outraged that my privacy is being violated in this manner!
A lot of money will be paid out to the Rep's if trump signs this.He'll sign it.Greed & power has taken over America.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Schumer !
If he signs this then you ,use do everything in your power to get his taxes releases.  This is a bad bill and 45 knows it
Then stop your partisan attack on Judge Gorsuch! You know in your heart that he is the best qualified for SCOTUS! Stop the madness!
"These are not the droids you're looking for."   The weak minded are always susceptible to the powers of the force.
#repealandreplacetrump
Who do you stand up for ?
President; Trump, doesn't like to be wiretapped,but want's to allow  ISPs,  to sell your Information it collects on the net!! Hummmm?
That DEPLORABLE will never do the right thing.... Apparently.
again.....no one cares what you think
PAH! HE'S GOLFING!
I suspect encrypted web browser server farms are going to be huge soon. Send encrypted search to farm get info back encrypted and private.
Trump does know..... His private isp info is part of America right? Might be what we need to buy info on his russian ties.
Thanks Chuck!
you can urge all you want but we all know he will not veto money making no matter who it effects.
Chuck Trump has to pay 25million for defrauding consumers dont ya get it? He isa criminal and a Traitor better start looking at big picture
You mean when gets back from golfing... again #justanothertrumphypocrisy
@SenSchumer educated Americans know that @SenateGOP will have him sign everything he doesn't understand b4 impeachment.  Evil @SenateGOP
ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO GET UR OWN MEDICAL INFO BC OF HIPPA BUT THEY WANT TO SELL EVERYTHING ONLINE WTF IS THAT
Hopefully if it does past his service can give us his tax information
Will @potus stand up for anything that doesn't feed his inflated ego or line his greedy pocket?
@realDonaldTrump VETO bill & show them who is the boss! #Broadbandprivacy
Show the money trail!!!
so do I!
This is a waste of time. 45 will do as he pleases & not what is best 4 the ppl. @SenSchumer could focus on the Dems vote NO on Gursuch. 
always do opposite of a loony dem n you can never go wrong!
Why don't you stop hounding him & let him do his job!!
the problem is he won't he doesn't care about the people just big business
LET THE "PREDATORS"& SEX OFFENDERS &THIEVES GO AFTER HIS SON & HIS GRANDCHILDREN THEM WE'LL SEE HOW HE LIKES IT!#SMART MOVE TRUMP!
Lying Chucky supported this couple years back must not have gotten his shake down payments
Sadly, he only cares for his wealthy supporters and his family!
We the people have to take over in our country. If not we're entering the intro to 1984
You are beyond any reason or doubt, the foulest, most despicable pile in the US government!
Veto bill not good for the forgotten man or are you going to get him again> @POTUS45__
Because it compromises millions of consumers, you can count on him letting it through. You people are so slow...
Chucky, WeThe People outnumber u criminals.We trust r President 2 do the right thing 4 America.Unlike your commie group,who want to kill us
Sen. Schumer, you are a dreamer.  I have no faith in the PPEEBOY45.  NONE!
Don't hold your breath - he's golfing. #POTUSDoesntCare
Thanks Chuck, but after 70+ days is is obvious to the American ppl Trump doesn't stand for individuals rights, only for corporate ones...
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't give a shit about America. He needs to move to #russia
You can plead until the cows come home.  tRump will never do anything that is good for the people.  Unless of course, those people are rich
Trump will make legal what his donors did illegally when they bought stolen voter registration data in 2016.
can you "urge" him to resign, too. Before he realizes war as a devise of defection.
I'm sure with all the supportive statements you've made about @POTUS he's all ears.  #yeahright
Shouldn't Trump veto it though?
Your expecting to stand for anything other than his wallet? Good luck with that.
Good luck with that
good luck.... a liberal.
sorry, he's too busy golfing.
Chuck go far away! Useless!
He won't. He doesn't care about ruining lives.
I trust his judgement much more than I do yours, Senator. #MAGA
One way one time, one way another, you two faced piece of dung. God have mercy on your truth hating tongue.Bye the way,aren't a hypocrite?
Where were you when Obama gave Internet rights to the UN. YOU SCUMMY SNAKE,YOU DOUBLE MINDED MAN,YOU ARE DANGEROUS IN ALL YOUR WAYS. U PUKE!
Now that one I agree with.  Veto #Broadbandprivacy
He has never done good for the people.. no reason to believe he will change.. he only listens to $$$$$

@realDonaldTrump will do anything that gives more profits to CEOs & hurts citizens, urging him to veto #BroadbandPrivacy is a waist of time.
Chuck, urge him to resign also. Will save us all time and money.
today I'm urging you to step down. A lot of good it does right?
@realDonaldTrump can't bite the hand that feeds him so he will sell the American people out to big business.
Maybe you should have stood up to Obama when he gave up the right to control the internet. So quit with the fake tears Schumer B's.
Blah blah blah
This is the ONLY thing I agree with you on
This resolution is to allow corporations to gain advantage & use our private information to upsell us, or corner us.
Please, Senator.   I like my privacy and my ability to control it.
We need an independent Russian investigation!  How can you allow Putin's bit** to run our country!!!
Hurry up Im waiting Paul. 
Will @realDonaldTrump who is unwilling to release his taxes allow ISPs to sell our privacy?
Ok chuckle, let's have a realistic vote on the Supreme Court Justice.
WHY DO WE EVEN BOTHER??  TRUMP NEEDS TO GO.  I NO LONGER SUPPORT TRYING TO "WORK WITH HIM".   A HORROR STORY IS UNFOLDING.  GET RID OF HIM
Trump's government will try anything to "intimidate and silence opponents and the media"
Tell #Potus  that we will take up collection of $ to pay for his information.
@realDonaldTrump please do something for all Americans!
Who do you think you are? You are the Miniorty Leader, nothing more. You can't see a dicent and qualified man in Gorsuch. #Totally partisan
Wait, are you saying he's at work this Sunday? Is it raining in Florida?
NOW YOU WANT SOMETHING FROM THE PRESIDENT AND U ACT LIKE A FOOL ..WHY SHOUD HE LISTEN TO U
Finally! I agree with you on this resolution. Not often I am in your corner
Schumer Cares More About Broadband!Yet!

#RESISTANCE If it passes we may learn more about the corrupt actions of @POTUS and his minions
Schmuck Chumer. Nough said!!!
Please encourage CONGRESS to start impeachment proceedings for TRUMP!
Schumer To Busy To Help!
Today I Urge The POTUS To Do Something About Our Children In Poverty Because Schumer Won't!
Today I'm urging Sen Schumer & other Dems to allow an up or down vote on Gorsuch nomination or risk destroying the US Senate More at 1:00 pm
Good luck, chuck. Sadly, don't think it will happen.
did someone tell Trump that his privacy would be violated by this act? maybe then he'll care
hey chucky when did you start caring about the people, dont the isp pay you to look the other way, you're a HYPOCRITE
Ha.  Appreciate your hope that Clown  POTUS gives a hoot about anything other than money & himself.  #russiagate #trumprussia #treason #hog
ewww
Keep urging potus...Remember everyone in government it is out in the 'cloud' easily retrieved if one knows how. Really no secrets out there.
The one having every move he's ever made examined under a microscope right now will be vengeful enough to allow it. Profits before people :(
What's Chucky!  Afraid someone might by your information.  Along time ago it was nice, now just full of OBSTRUCTION!
Sounds like a good use of your time. I'm certain he'll do just that. 
How about offering him a trade of your support for Judge Gorsuch in return for the Veto?
He won't, he gets off on hurting others.
Probably won't. He has to make sure the corporations get richer!
Yes. I agree. #FireTheFool
YAWN!!!!!!!! Move on Schumer. Old stinky news.
You can ask, but the #petulanttween is doing everything he can to destroy America before he's #impeached #putinspuppet #russianinfluence
I am urging u to retire.
Isn't he the boss?
He doesn't want all his information out for the public to see, especially his tax returns!!!
Good luck Chuck! Ur constituents have been asking u for 7+yrs 2 stand up 4 them!   21k Delphi pensions ur team illegally seized in '09
This seems like it could be an easy win for @realDonaldTrump.but will he be smart enough to take it?
no
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about consumers.
Thank you, Senator Schumer. I support you in this.
Just tell him that @mcuban wis going to buy his browser history if he doesn't veto it.
Agree no one should sell anyone browsing history. This is wrong and a bad bill. Worst part is people might buy Chuck or McCain's for lols.
He ,will of course do the wrong thing. Republicans are not for the people. They are for big business!!
So far the important stuff has been tax breaks for corporations. It's a shame his voters don't see it
Good job @SenSchumer !  Just watched you with sleepy eyes @chucktodd. 
Maybe if you didn't cry wolf (or just cry) for everything Trump, your concerns might be taken a little more seriously.
Shouldn't Trump take privacy seriously regardless? Would be hypocritical not to.
Why don't u stand up and resign Schumer.
If Schumer is against it, given his track record, we're instinctively for it
We would rather have you put your big boy pants on and work with the pres on health care. Quit with your crap and personal vendetta.
WORK TO GET THE UNEDUCATED SLOTH OUT OF THE WH!!! PLS - AND FAST!
Might be a good way to gain some approval from American people
First 65% of people already are infected with malnaware that tracks purchases 
Second when you sign up on a site you click agree to email.
Are you really expecting him to do the right thing? Just make sure the public knows who's to blame! Tie all these bad policies to the GOP.
Perhaps going to each one's FB and ask, politely, why? So the followers know what their vote went for
Point out that this would include his own broadband history.
The only veto he knows is Vito Corleone!
You should ask Trump exactly how this bill makes America great.
never does anything that's right for the people. Works Only for wall st and billionaires. Worst POTUS ever!!!
Keep up the good work Senator Schumer. It is reassuring to see someone standing up for the American people. Thank you!
remind him and the repubs that ALL of their history will be revealed...ALL of it!
millions of Americans are urging you to step down and leave the country Schmuck!!!!!
you are the swamp, nervous?
Good luck with that one.
Why would the President listen to somebody whose mantra is #resist #persist
THE INTERNET IS NOT A UTILITY. @SenSchumer MORE BIG GOVERNMENT FROM @TheDemocrats THAT'S WHY I LEFT FOR @alllibertynews @LPNational
SIGN THIS AND GET GOVERNMENT SMALLER!!!
