and what are you offering the American people?
The ability to ensure you're not be scammed by someone who is supposed to be offering you sound retirement advice?
so it's ok to be scammed by dirty politicians that you like just not President Trump? Is that what your saying?
That right there is basically the argument that you have made. You like Trump so it's fine if he allows financial scams. I'm against scams.
my whole point is Schumer is a dirty politician who is trying 2discredit Trump 4his own gain & it's not 4 American ppl
That's a very odd point to make in response to him coming out against rolling back rules that help people save more for retirement.
Stop taking the social security monies from the people who have been forced to put into.Does not belong to immigrants or illegal immigrants.
Wait, what? Didn't ur team DECREASE Delphi retirees opportunity to invest in their retirement? No? Oh u stole their pensions. Is that better
You lose again!
WHY are THEY allowing this to happen?  How's bout WE vote to decrease THEIR federal pensions, oh, & healthcare while we're at it.?
Schumer is filled with hate, he doesn't care about the American people only himself and his hate filled agenda.
Russia at work n our politics til u bring the horseman down worse shall b reaped! He means only the rich good!
#Liar, not even an exaggeration, just a flat out LIE.
WHY?????????? I don't understand why EVERYTHING they do is way of harming and people and the environment
it's not Schumer preaches the end of the world.  He is a drama queen
how much are they paying you?
What?
I'm referring to the paid troll egg.
The only PAID troll eggs are lib sheep
Stop the cry baby Dems now!  All they do is fear monger by spreading fake news!  Longest temper tantrum in history!
BS. This is nothing but a scare tactic.
You don't care about the American people.
Lies from the man who is filled with hate again.
Heck Senator, we have been getting less than 1% on savings account for years.  Not much of an opportunity to invest in retirement.
Would prefer u to site the bills over put ur party slant on things. Hard to trust u to be fair judge of GOP bills. Everything can't be bad.
With the outrageous Obamacare premiums/deductibles we don't have anything left to invest anyway. Only see concern for free medicaid from you
Maybe you could have your lobbyist buddies sent us a piece of your action.
Reps, new party of the privileged. Under cover of Trump chaos, move to quietly dismantle middle class protections and opportunities.
Baloney!!!  Scare tatics!  Dems are Anti Americans
How else can the @GOP steer seniors to this?
I am MOST concerned with your obstructionism! You are a dusgrace!!!
What do U know about saving 4 retirement?! U get a paycheck from my taxes until U die!!!So shut up because U haven't got a clue!
Liar
isn't something your party is for anyway? Just so you can get it all in taxes.
sad billionaires win again system rigged normal people can't buy congress like billionaires can

oh yes that shrinking account u libs have continued for years now oh I see it's the GOP that did it ah gotcha schumer is-lam,,e
Figjt!
Fight
Your dark side is really shinning through isn't it?
Have they done even one positive thing since the election...for working ppl?
this worries me, what is this?
Republicans that Americans elected to screw them. Does not get any dumber than this.
yes

unless the GOP is cheating it's hard to imagine them winning elections ever again.
Hey, didn't you know, Americans work for one reason and one reason only. To make the rich even richer. We are just Soylent Green
does it feel like you're standing next to evil incarnate when you're near @SenateGOP @HouseGOP? Or just ppl without souls?? Thx.
Thankful we have you to keep us alerted, too much to keep up with! SMH!
GOP dznt seem to care much for older people, what does that say?
should I just lay down and die?!  Seems like that's what GOP wants.
They want us broke, unable to take care of ourselves, and to die young. Typical bully tactic, tear others down to build self up.
that's the cherry on top. 
The key is to make the GOP defend against the numbers, rather than chase their lies, debating about their so-called principles. @senschumer
 panic mood sch
media isn't telling us so someone had to
looking through the news for 30 minutes now.  Still not finding info on this vote.
sorry just not going to get upset over him using 30 seconds to tweet.
I am #TheResistance #RepealAndReplaceGOP
Start with the 24 M they tried to hit with Trumpcare, add the 2 M jobs lost, then the gutted EPA, social programs, etc. @senschumer
Taking away our  rights left and right. There's not going to be anything left of the American Way and our God given free will. 
I know a thing or two about this and you are on point. This is the financial industry protecting their turf. Disgraceful
The GOP can't tough private accounts outside of people's retirement. Damn fools, when is enough foolishness, enough GOP?
that's just nuts! 
it has to be miserable being so upset all the time, while the President is having fun. Does it?
Why not keep a running onscreen honest total of ppl who will be negatively impacted by the GOP, for every bill they propose? @senschumer
please explain or post what this is about? What was just voted on?
trump surrogates get real dirty. As u know, they go way low. Keep up the good work.
why is it that everything that's being proposed and voted on appears harmful to us all ? Just makes no sense ..#impeachTrumpnow
I Really hope the PPL who vote REPUBLICAN Pay ATTENTION &Vote them out
you r so full of s--t crying towel Schumer, just resign that will start the opportunity for this nation heal
to heal, that would be a great start
Thank you 4 letting us know what they are doing.
.@SenSchumer
What tha hell is wrong wrong the GOP! They ALL must go!
VOTE NO!!
Hey it that class clown he used to pay me. And I can play snowflake.
IF anything had to do with Obama... They will get rid of it.. Then work backwards
like when the new pharaoh removes the name and face of the old pharaoh off of all monuments
What exactly are you doing FOR us, aside from disruption & obstruction, Chuck???
Said a FAKE PROPAGANDA ACCOUNT.  So COWARDLY..SCAVINO THUG
what the f is going on with our government.. how did the people allow this to happen? American dream becoming just that..a dream
What the hell is wrong with these republicans??  Do they not want to keep their jobs???

Are they gonna outlaw or tax Oxygen next?
only once we're all wearing face masks to work will they tax oxygen
yes.. Face masks we will earn by bowing down to the overlord
probably just make then really expensive so only the rich can buy them.
true, or universal healthcare will provide you with a face mask and "access" to the best care.
pretty sure anything they come up with will not qualify as "Universal Healthcare".
Of course! Why should the other 98% have equal opportunities?
their cruelty has no boundaries.
