then U R off the table which is nothing new.  U haven't come 2 the table 4 anything since election
Please just say what really happened: REPEALING #ACA is DEAD.  As it should be.  Let's fix it. 1/
"Repealing is off the table" just sounds like political talk or it's still negotiable. 2/
All the protests and call ins proves that repealing is dead.  Trump promised to cover EVERYONE. 3/
Not to FOLLOW the PARTY of NO - GOP obstructionist.  Dems MUST LEAD b/c our country needs them. 4/
Only Dems can fix #Obamacare and convince Americans there is a better way. Dems govern better. 5/
#ACA's a newborn that needs steady support to strengthen it. #GOP seeks to starve it.
Someone forgot to tell poor Chuck he's the leader of the MINORITY. Repubs will repeal.
lying hypocrit - he wont work with Republicans..he wants chaos and upheaval...pos
November 6, 2018
The day the Dems will hear @realDonaldTrump say "You're Fired!"
How do you improve on Obamacare? #FullRepeal
Thats not your call sir.
That piece of shit is so far gone that it cannot be "improved."  Worst piece of legislation ever!!
Why didn't Schumer & friends work w them b4 the vote? Don't watch GS anymore, 2 liberal.
Why don't you get Obama care???
Great idea! Come on Chucky join Obama care since it's so good.
.@ThisWeekABC .@SenSchumer        .@GStephanopoulos end Congress’s illegal Obamacare exemption have members & staff to live under the law
the american people have been voting for repeal since 2010. Chuck ia obviously deaf
if Obamacare is so great WHY THE HELL ARE YOU EXEMPT FROM IT AS WELL AS OBAMA UR AGENDA BREAKS USA
Just let Obamacare fail. Than go back to the drawing board and start fresh.
like u have anything to say about it ultimately
Wear your failed Obamacare like a meat hat and let it rot.
.Obamacare must be repealed..no fixing it..you would rather see Americans hurt...
I can't afford Obamacare it's 2 damn expensive, no one should be forced to pay a penalty
Trump is going thome save us all & let Obamacare die.
with premiums on the rise again in 2018, pretty sure the implosion is at r doorstep senator
REPEAL this plan that has set me back thousands. But, I'm American & u dont care about me, Chuck.
wrong Trump n GOP doesn't give a shit about u or others..KNOW that
oooh, big words. Like you care soooo much. All your side destroys the USA
That is why Trump will allow it to collapse.Democrats own Obamacare this will destroy the democrat
and the tooth fairy is real. Dems have no such plans to work together...stop the lies.
Repeal and replace ONLY
You made it you fix it without putting us Trillion more in debt
this guy is nothing but a horse's ass
I saw where @SenSchumer was going to be on that show, I knew it was going to be a #LoveFest, full of lies and BS. I was right!
Not after you hemorrhage more seats, seems to be the only thing dems actually do. HoR, Senate, WH.
Dems have been losing elections because they're LIARS. They never wanted to improve crap ACA.
What is the timeline to work together???  We are absorbing a 16% and 34.5% health care increases??
Get real! He was never repealing Obamacare.  Why do you think it lost among the ultra conservatives?
Prime example of the absolute need for term limits. #Lifer#Careerbloodsucker
repeal is necessary. Work with @POTUS or get nothing.
These people and organizations are the problem. Retire already chuck
U can't trust Trump to work with him? You never know what he will do once you let your guard down.
What aren't you doing more, Chuck? https://twitter.com/WoobieTuesday/status/846459784501039109 … #JoinBernie #BernieCare #DraftBernie
ISA 57:21
You pay my ridiculous O'care premium then. Oh that's right your about ideology not what's right for the people
hey. Go off on anybody in a restaurant lately
thk u. std firm
'Improve'=repeal
Senator Schumer is an Idiot...repeat idiot . He needs to go away and help America rather than destroy it! HIS LEADERSHIP DESTROYED THE DEMS
Federal Health Care is unconstitutional You were elected to preserve the constitution 30 million are without health care becauseofyou RESIGN
Finally admits ACA broken. 7 yrs. and trillions pissed away.
Two dumbasses in negative conversation. Too sad.
It's going away.... you just have to decide if you're gonna get on the train or get run over.
you never had it on the table so stop the BS & go catch do dogs...
not for Americans it isn't. REPEAL and REPLACE. PERIOD!!!!!
sorry no deal
Oh look @SenSchumer thinks Hillary Clinton won says he'll work with @GOP but only if they do what he wants! 
He's a fraud. Resign or atleast die.
Chuck Schumer continues to hurt the country & citizens for his personal benifit. He must resign!
repeal should remain off the table...Trump shouldn't do anything while under FBI investigation
Single payer, Chuck
Quit speaking for us and let American people decide what they want. #majority wants #no #obamacare
schemer and pelosi just found out their names were unmasked
"improve ObamaCare" of go off the cliff of catastrophic failure while smiling cuz ObamaCare fails?
they need to work with you, nit the other way around.
schumer ur a joke! So doc of u crying babies. Do ur freakin job or resign.We should demand uresign
After the frantic terror over Trumpcare, a real opening for caring change.  Please protect us.
Schumer is nothing but an obstructionist liar
@SenWarren @SenFranken @SenSanders ask for garland as co nominee for scotus as bargaining chip!!
@GStephanopou   THANK YOU SENATOR please get your party involved in this health bill
I think George has a mancrush on Chuckie.
@tempteststorm2 Health care is isn't Dem or Rep it's For all the People. Work together to fix it.
Schumer is a clown!!  America is paying Clown to Obstuct for 8 years
Chuck what have you and Dems done in the last 8 yrs to improve failing ACA??
Without repeal it will never work.  Clean slate.  There are some good provisions but repeal a must
REPEAL and work for the people.  Stop obstruction. You will lose again.
I want it to collapse so everyone knows how bad your party is. You have destroyed this country GTH
BS you had 7 1/2 yrs to get it right. I will vote any REP out that helps you take credit. UR an 
Hey Chuck, stop throwing in road blocks and favorite party lines. Do some real work for US!
Both of you guys are sleazy @ThisWeekABC @GStephanopoulos @SenSchumer
try getting impeachment off your brain and think of the American people for once. Are you afraid?
So we will work with you if you play in our sand box! If not me and my ball go home. Grow up Chuck
People who voted for Trump. Little blue dots can't save you in 2018.
A known fact you despise Trump. Afraid he'll make you look bad? Remember chucky you work for us.
Now we watch you melt down! Can't blame anyone else. 2018 will be your demise. No one to blame but yourself!
Yeah , you gonna stop that damn fine I have to pay again for.It being able to afford obama care ?

No diffence between OCare/RyanCare. One was worst in one way, other was terrible in another way.
Lets be honest with the American ppl n tell them that OCare was gift to insurance companies.
Sen Max Baucus collected M$$ frm insurance companies n it was not disclosed that he had COI??
You democrats will be off the table if you try to dictate to republicans. Reps have the votes!
Who is Elizabeth Fowler and why was she the main architect on OCare when she worked for Wellpoint?
When Obama negotiated wth insurance companies on OCare, y was "public option" taken off the table?
You refused to work with republicans to pass it so accept the fact #Obamacarerepeal will happen!
only way to improve it will be to sh**can the whole thing.
I don't think it will be your decision to make chuckster. Big talk for a little man.
Schumer says he will work with, but just another lie from a low life.
Too late!You had an opportunity to work with WH to get better health care. YOU OWN the collapse.
repeal, repeal, repeal
What a dick! He'd rather watch whole system collapse. Obamacare is dying, move on to something new
Don't you get it, we don't want socialized medicine. The ACA is government healthcare. Appeal it
SIngle Payer only Senator and 
for all! You want to Save the DEM PARTY? Get the dirty Prez out now! Fight harder
It's about time a #Dem "grows a pair!"
they did not grow a pair. They stole em
the only way to improve health care is to repeal obamacare.
it repealed.CROOKED clownI say let it collapse completely your party owns this all the way to hell
paid from sick people. All the democrats must be getting a percentage, that's why you don't want
your one sick guy. You must be getting kick backs from Obama, he gets paid every time the website
come up with some definitive fixes, be smart, be good!
question Chuck ? On you on the ACA plan, maybe all Dems should and then tell us again how it is.
I always knew #Obamacae wud need 2 be tweeted cuz it was rushed through #congress!!
Sign the petition to remove healthcare subsidies for members of congress.
good stay off the darn TV and do something positive for the people for once
There you go! Work across the aisle and give us a single payer system!
@rolandsmartin @SenSchumer @GStephanopoulos Yes, so y'all can drop that repeal foolishness!   n won't be replacing much either!
Is George doing his from Australia yet?
chuck is loyal to Democratic Party , does not care about the country. Zero integrity
Off the table?? Nobody is listening to u. Things will NOT go your way. You DemonRats are imbeciles. This is why you lost & will lose again
please resign now
Nice try, either you help replace Obamacare with something that works or Democrats will pay the price when it collapses, and it will soon.
chuck the boy fears that he owns obamacare and as it fails So will the #Democrats
nah
Full repeal is only option, and the American people will accept no less-as our Reps just demonstrated.
Repeal will happen to clean the slate of thousands of harmful regulations with associated costs!
ACA is tyrannical and unconstitutional. Defending it pulls the covers back and exposes Democrats for what they really want-control.
Schumer is a foolish person! lies and not for the American people! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
But you go ahead and feel free to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. #primarychuck
Total liar and obstructionist. Really bad guy.
Where were they for the last 7 years? Using this to take over all three branches!
Don't you DARE reward the #partyofno after this. LET.Them.Sink and give the rubes what they asked for #PrimaryChuck
I GENUINELY hope you will reach out. ACA has serious flaws. If Congress is ONE, America is one!!
@NancyPelosi 

What have you been doing for 7 yrs? You knew ACA was failing and did nothing to fix it. GREAT JOB
To "improve" it  means it will essentially be a new law but they want Obama to get the credit.
Here is your chance the rules are set @realdonaldtrump ball is on your green!
The Democrats want GOP to "fix" (replace) Obamacare but keep the name and give Obama credit.
#FakeStreamMedia Let's see how you'll do when the penalties hit 1000 IRS.Dems are finished
How many years have you had to fix this? You guys can't even run the US Postal Service!
nonsense. Dems never had control since it got implemented & when Obama tried the GOP only voted to repeal
Let his damn legacy IMPLODE!
Hey Chuckles! You are one corrupt liar! Oh ya! If you like your Dr. you can keep your Dr.
How do you improve a DISASTER?  You stuck us with a piece of crap and cost citizens thousands!
The ACA is ruining my retirement. I am self employed RN. I want to work PT but my HC is $14K/yr.
Vote no on Gorsuch @SenSchumer @GStephanopoulos @SenateDems @senjudiciary @HouseDemocrats @TheDemocrats @DNC @TomPerez
Democrats are at fault for passing Obama care in the first place,failure is on them
Go right to single payer, please. Progressive like Obamacare. Avail to all like Medicare/caid.
The only reason they are protecting OCare is because it's unconsitutionally protecting destruction
Trump will never go for that because he is an asshole
Repeal! Repeal! Repeal! You don't work in Healthcare, yo
THANK YIU! I'm glad to hear that you'll replace, but not repeal.
#NoRepeal
Medicare for all! We needs a single payer system. You have the chance now! @SenSanders
Time is right for Dems to propose their own improvements to ACA. Take it to the people.
this guy Schumer is a dishonest politician very deceptive and manipulating
