I again urge @POTUS @WhiteHouse to make good on their word to #BuyAmerica - & buy @libertytabletop for WH & more
Why can't he bring his own brands to American factories?
PRESIDENT TRUMP has been in office 7 months. 
How many companies have you ran off in your time in office.  VOTE OUT POLITICIANS

Please get That Trump Russia out of out white house.

Get back on your meds before they have to take you back to the institution again.
Yes all that still believe The Great President Donald Trump Conspired with the Russians to win the election should go back on the meds
It is amazing how the Democrats struct government as though somebody took the bottle of milk away from them
One of the biggest lies the Republican's are saying is that the ACA is imploding without help, they won't advertise open enrollment, etc!
What's in it for you, Chuckie! You're up to something. No one believes you would suddenly be polite to @POTUS !
Are you really going off the grid to agree with something good? How much are you getting paid
It is amazing how Democrats obstruct it's like someone took their bottle of Luke warm milk away from them
That is good news but it is about time @POTUS produced his products in the U.S. instead of sweatshops around the world.
Not many companies are going to come back till we have a true Tax Reform. We have less restrictions. It WILL WORK. We need to back Trump
Trump needs to set an example.
Really? As he's saying he'll let American healthcare fail. Scope matters Senator.
GOP brought forward multiple solutions that Dems turned their back to while not providing solutions themselves. Dems failed
We could care less if you're glad about anything you're an obstructionist you're crying over spilled milk and you're a liar
Wow, Chuck. You said something nice about the POTUS? Are you feeling OK?
Would be great 45 and his company stop importing all manufactured goods from outside USA.. to make AMERICA GREAT... just a thought.





Oh chuckie you are such a hypocrite/ obstructionist/ who gives a dam what you think
be quiet. Time up. GRASP ETERNITY IN HELL. Start praying old man.
Surprised you still know what made in America is. like you care about Americans with your leftist policies destroying the working class
You're doing nothing!!!!! JESUS CHRIST!!!!! HAVE THE FBI START ARRESTING PEOPLE GOD DAMN IT!!!! GET OFF YOUR ASS!!!!!!! WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH!
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!

We the American people elected @realDonaldTrump 2 lead us. 
STOP stalling his nominations!

Vote 2018!
Talk about word why don't you support the USA  in all. POTUS deserves better support than you have given this president
Give POTUS same support he gave previous POTUS.
Obama was incompetent, liar obstructionist , glad he not my President, but he a thorn that needs to be vanquished
Finally you tweet something I can throw my support behind
I have a solution to the healthcare problem.  If you like Obamacare you can keep it.  If you don't than try the new healthcare plan.
And we know why he couldn't bring his products, don't we?
And you will increase all taxes because you've never been fiscally responsible. Way to go! Why live in NY? Or move a business here?

If we can convince America of the incompetence of this worst president in US history; we may be able to move forward with impeachment!!!!!!!
I got some cheese for your whine
Chuck you are showing your true colors!
OMG. The 1st time you actually applauded Trump for doing something you felt was right. Are you feeling well Senator?
Don't act like you and your party cares one bit about buy American...
Really? You don't need to butter the burned roll.
Too bad he sticks his hotels with crap from China!
Oh please Kathryn / get a brain! Obviously you been in the dark/ pitiful
#obstruct #resist #impeach #whinylib #jackass
First time I've agreed with @SenSchumer  As for all the anti @realDonaldTrump comments,  seek therapy , pretty disgusting. #MAGA
How about repeal and do nothing as long as the Democrats continue to obstruct @POTUS
Let's begin here with truth
Chuck didn't find it!!!! I did and replied to him!  Good lord!!
no one cares how u feel
Maybe he used one of their spoons to eat his Lucky Charms.
Why not inviting Ivanka's company? Oh wait. For a moment I thought, it was #MadeInChinaWeek
Check your labels Marita. We all have to start somewhere. Stop the hating and jealousy against the stunningly beautiful&Intelligent ivanka.
BARF!
Jealously is eating you up. Not good.
The claws and jealousy are coming out big time from Leftists. Don't hate Ivanka becoz she is wealthy, beautiful and intelligent. Not good4U.
Oh & how much made in America did ur beloved obama have in my WH HYPOCRITE obama hates America all she stands 4 u r cut from the same cloth
Because Business Tax has been so high under past administrations. I'm glad someone that understands business in office. GET something done.
Mr Fake Tears, you ought to be concerned about why they're the only manufacturer left. Your party's extreme regs is why manufacturers left.

Hahahahahahahahaha...that was a great comeback...funny as hell..i dont care about that shit...obama said i could keep my doctor.he lied too
Too bad @POTUS can't bring his own companies and those of his children back to the USA. You know, lead by example.... #MadeInAmericaWeek
Try telling that to the democrats/ hypocrites/ obstructionist/ and liars/ are your clothes you wear made in America/ think not
#CryingDonaldTrump
Do they hire vets? 
Maybe if they are the last American company of its kind U might  see if maybe @FoxNews should go visit them
Chuck you gotta stop giving this dude credit for anything. He wants people to die so he can claim a win. You better not cave to this.
Could you show us a video about this flatware company @libertytabletop ?
 Do you have any of their flatware yourself?
Wow Chuck , what are you up to now ????
The only thing Chuck is doing is spending our money, and (resisting) Positive Growth for Our Country. He is part of the polluted swamp.
He should start buying from them for his hotels, instead of purchasing  made in China products.
Check your own label. You, me, Chucky and Trump have to start somewhere. Stop the hating. No solutions from Leftists, just hate. Ugh.
American Made Neckties & Bow Ties: An Ultimate Source List http://www.usalovelist.com/american-made-neckties-bow-ties/ … … #NeverTrump because #AmericanMade is better

Where is Healthcare Week?
With the free loaders & fraud offenders that the leftists allowed to abuse the system/ are you one of them?
You could have phrased this in a way that didn't praise potus.
Why not? I hate him, but credit should be given where it's due if you want any yourself.
You should have asked to be there.
You think he invited @IvankaTrump 's sweatshop manger to talk about working conditions ??
Glad to hear he kicked off the week by literally giving 14,000 American jobs away.
