Will @realDonaldTrump #takecredit for this report or blame Obama for it
Even WITH the anticipated slowdown in fall, Trump's employment numbers EAT Obama's all day long.
Your statement proves that you & trumps base supporters don't believe in facts but here it is anyway.
Debt doubled. Long term unemployment dropped because the $$ cut off after 26 weeks.
Also you forget Bush left an iou for the Iraq war, the recession, saving the car industry?  Remember?
That has a lot to do with this convo. For the record, I'm not Republican.
Never said you were.
These statements are so open ended. Many of these numbers are so fluid that they change by QUARTER.

Uh huh. You had NOTHING to say when Obama crushed the unemployment lines with American bodies, eh? I guess 3.0 GDP isn't good enough either.
dont downplay the #s...u do it cause Trump won & delivers his promises. Dems hav no platform/nothing 2 offer Americans but destruction!
You are such a liar shame on you
Maybe because you are trying to block everything America voted for. Your days in congress are numbered.
So what are you doing to fix that? Oh that's right....nothing. Great job.
Oh, the Trump Affect is settling in ...
Let's talk about BRICS
Well of course. Early after the election big business thought it hit the mother load with Trump & GOP controlling Congress & the Senate. But
Trump did Trump(really they should have known better) & they didn't realize the power & commitment of the Resistance #TheResistance
That's for one month  fake news artist
Where was you last month when it excelled above expectations.. politicize everything Chuck
It excelled due to Obama.  Fiscal yr ends Nov 1 so anything before than Obama brought about. Wait till Jan 2918, may see a difference

Wow didn't know I'd trigger all of you.  So is a sign from ur garage?  Now today Trump & Melanie showed they care in Tx.  That was good
I found it at your house
Nah,  my car wouldn't allow it.  Let's just agree to disagree OK??  U seem like nice guy
Yeah, we all have our differences but in my opinion, they aren't differences that cant be talked about and worked out
Funny since they sucked under obama now much better you should try being senator for ALL USA instead of left.Keep up #MAGA #realDonaldTrump
spin doctor - no one believes you
and your probably happy about it. The reason no one in this country likes politicians and ur never at work. Get to work
Don't forget the declining stock market.
Declining stock market?  Ohh nevermind your a Trump hater, makes sense now. Carry on with your delusional life. Good luck.
If that's the case I sincerely apologize.
Keyword is 'growth' of employment funded by private sector which generates taxes unfortunately stolen to pay no show politicians.
Well Trump isn't going to deliver on bringing jobs back from overseas!
Disappointing yet predictable.
Sir, why do you all use that term "disappointing" so much? Time for you all to "call a spade a spade". Call Trump out on his lies.
Lilly please start thinking for urself!
This country is heading in the wrong direction. We should all be very concerned.
I'm concerned that libtards are getting dumber.  It's quite scary. .
Even dumber? How could that be possible?!
#Chucky is so full of b.s.  Consumer confidence is at its highest in16yrs due to more jobs. Stop lying to the world > We all know your game.
That's really funny!  Every jobs report under Obama sucked and you didn't have two words to say. Jobs are doing much better and you cry...
Sorry Senator, but wages in this country have been stagnant for almost 20 years. And no, I didn't vote for this embarrassment of a POTUS.
Remember the old days, when you could count on annual wage increases to improve  financially? Country has been brainwashed by trickle down.
Not true

BTW how's Russia?
What! You mean Frump really didn't bring back millions of coal jobs? I'm shocked!
You all are nowhere to be seen. What about 2018? Found excellent people? No excuse if you fail to take back at least congress it's on you
If u really believe that y don't u get out of the way and allow tax relief and repeal and replace to go through #MAGA
Did you get that from CNN? FAKE NEWS
Lair
...yeah, cause the stagnation is nothing compared to the halt Obama and you created...you're such an ass...
Can't wait to ghat #45's take on this report, that is, if his staff lets him see it.
What do you expect? GOP wants tax breaks for rich who do not create jobs.
GDP 3% for the quarter; beating 2.6% forecast - next quarter forecast looking even stronger. Imagine if you were helping instead of bitching
You sir are disappointing..You've done nothing but attack the Presidents every move and have a unpleasantly nature of looking very creepy.
Will Trump own it or look for someone else to blame? Probably will blame it on Obama.
Do, Senator, what are you doing about this?
Lies coming from someone whose head is the only thing bigger than the govt he keeps growing.
Who do you think your bullshitting? HIGHEST taxed state in the nation, one of the most regulated- those things kill jobs.
Facts, & statistics are now starting to show the affects of 45s lack of doing anything substantial except campaigning for '20 & making $$
What have you done in past year to improve economy?
FAKE FAKE FAKE
If you'd like to do something about it, set aside the class warfare BS & support tax cuts & massive simplification of the Tax Code.
Yes very disappointing especially for the man who coined himself as, "The Jobs President"!
Isn't that our fault, chuck?
They're going to give credit to Obama for the rise in the economy I guess you're going to have to give him the credit for the decline.
kind of like the 8 years under @BarackObama,  @POTUS now has outperformed @BarackObama just in less than a year! @SenateDems
Problem is tht NONE of IDIOTS knw abt anything they tlk about cause their #FakeNews sources will NOT report it & dems REFUSE to accept it!
So @gop response will be tax cuts for the rich bring job losses and crashed economy - very disappointing
You know what's disappointing?! Your attitude!!
anything to jump on our Pres. about...we love our Pres. and it is about time Senate and Congress support him, becuz he is working for us!!!!
Hurry go and get there's the gang and head on out to the rest lie in the woods.
It is so much better than last year and the year before that and the other 6 years. Hmm!
Thought that tweet was from yrs 09-17
I just saw the economic growth report. We may hit 5 % growth next year. Just as a reference, it has been BELOW 2 % the last 8 years.
oh but clown @SenSchumer has #ABetterDeal. bwahahahaha Cry me a river, Chuckie!
It's only going to get worse @SenSchumer. I weep for this Country.
Weep with Democrats or come over to the winning side!
People, this is what Dems do. Brainwash their followers because they know their supporters are easily manipulated. THIS IS A LIE.
It's not the democrats that are conspiring with Russians.
Fake news democrat Propaganda
Chuckie Schumer you cryin wolf is getting stale. Everything your left wing liberals do to try hurting trump ends back in your lap GO AWAY TY
Why do you lie to your gullible followers? The majority of your tweets make no sense whatsoever - we Americans have the facts that you omit.

There been no comment from "Mr. President"!
Chuck, with Dems obstructing the president at every turn the country's economic progress under President Trump is remarkable
Wow..the clown speaks and the libs take his lies for face value..
SO SAD..
USE UR OWN BRAINS AND SEEK THE TRUTH 4 YOURSELVES.
SO PITIFUL
Way better than  Obama's numbers...quit being a partisan hack...
Like every August Chucky. Who you kidding !
Sir the #s were great, growing right kind higher paying jobs & cut govt jobs good for taxpayers w/tax cuts then win win win - stop lying
Why such a hypocrite? Where were these comments during Obama's reign?
This is not all on the GOP. You too took an oath to protect the Constitution and you are failing us. All will be held to account for T mess.
You're such a liar
Your chance Chuck for the Dems to finally Join up with Republicans & make America Great Again!
What flavor kool-aid have you been drinking?? You only want to divide. You have even tried to work on policies we voted for!
Careful Chucky! You guys had 8 years to fix it and NOTHING! Maybe you Obama minions need to strengthen your SHADOW GOVT! :-0
So much for all those jobs Drumpf was going to create. Get him out!
Obama certainly didn't turn any heads during his first year either.
He didn't cause such great damage either.
Hahahahahaha!
Hope you guys have a plan and ready to implement it. 2018 is really looking promising, if status quo w/GOP continues 2020 even better.
Are you kidding me? Absolutely a lie. You're an inciter who does nothing to help NYS. HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION!
It's exactly what the sore loser left wants to happen, schumer you are a fool
stop taking shots at others and do your job.  work collaboratively and quit the bipartisan tactics
Not true
End of summer....end of years for companies. Hiring slows down.  It's always been that way, nothing's changed.
Your disappointing Mr. Schumer!
Chuckle didn't disappoint me...he did what I expected...complain as usual...he is just a jealous old Bastard. Vote 4 Term limits!

What's disappointing is the fact that you will do nothing, NOTHING to advance the country for AMERICANS.
For dreamers sure, but not for US!!
If it so bad then why is the stock market (DJIA) pushing an all time high?
Because they are salivating at the mouth about all promised deregulations which will allow them a free fit all like in 2008
"Free for all" correction
No worries Chucky, lie some more it actually suits you...
When is the last time you had a legitimate drug test @SenSchumer ? How do you sleep at night? With help of Propofol maybe?
And your point????
Well Chuck: Let me point to the last time 3 million jobs were created in 1 year. 2010 recovery act was implemented. Build from bottom up.
It's your fault !! Get with the program and stop obstructing !!
But. But. The 5% growth.
Chunky just help @realDonaldTrump pass the Tax reform and watch our country become great again. Get with the program 
CHUCK YOU ARE BETTER THAN THIS TWEET. STOP THE CRITICISM AND START HELPING ... OBAMAS ECONOMICS WAS PATHETIC PASS THE NEW TAX  REFORM BILL.
#Fakenews
What is Congress doing to help? How about tax relief for businesses, HC reform, and stop ill drugs coming in the country.
From the minority leader. Ever ask yourself why your the "minority" leader and just who put you in that position?
lol
Not true schumer you let criminals here and terrorists and they are trying to destroy america get off your ass!!
Remind me again about your outrage when the number on welfare & foodstamps skyrocketed under @BarackObama?
Thanks Obama!
You are the disappointment
Its disappointing you havent retired yet.
So exactly what does the Democratic oh I'm sorry the Bolshevik Party have to offer Americans? Besides hate, racism and violence?
HES DOING BY HIMSELF. NUMBERS RISING CONSIDERING YOUR OBSTRUCTING EVERYTHING. TJATS OK KARMA WHEN TERM LIMITS ARE INTRODUCED! LOSER
Is this your platform Chuck. Sure hope so I'm enjoying watching your party sink
How abou pushing for #singlepayernow? That would  help.
Good Lord!!!!!!  Stupidity knows no bounds.

I wonder why... #dumpamerica
So what you are saying is people are not happy not being rich? I would like $100 an hour to do what I do but that's not the way things work
CAUTION CRUDE TWEETAHEAD:oh Dont look! Chuckie trip over your dick much!Oh my maybe your being a feminist this week!Need a pad! Which is it?
Quit fighting trump. I and many others blame the democrats and most republicans. Not trump. The swamp will be drained the NEXT election.
It took you 8 years to become disappointed with slower job growth and stagnant wages...better late than never!
Mr Schumer it would be nice and better for the country if you could work with President Trump. Party line politics is not working.
as a democratic you should be a shame of the economy you voted for obama to create You have hurt millions of americas and created a race war
Keep it up. There is a reason Trump was nominated, and won.
Jobs are thriving....go cry somewhere else Chuck boy!!
Sick Chuck lies, wages up. 02, (pre Harvey) unemployment at all time low, & jobs estimate will be adjusted up for Aug.  Cryin, Lyin Chuck. 
We Americas find it harder each year to meet our financial obligations.  Now, we face a Constitutional Crisis.
What have you done to help create jobs or increase wages?
Just cause u hate this president doesnt mean u should wish that the country fails
Make up your mind Chuck. Laser month when the numbers were good you claimed it was Obamas policies. This month it's bad it's Trump.
What is disappointing is Natalia Sova receiving a direction from you to House Reps. Did you sponsor her visa?
Your a sorry excuse for a Politician representing this country!! #hack 

You're a Loser with No Ideas, No Real Agenda but Deflect at @POTUS
Hates US Airway stewardess almost as much as he hates @POTUS
Why aren't you in Texas helping out instead of talking shit. On another subject your sanctuary city's crime is on the rise you of fool
President Trump August 2017 157,000 and expected 180,000 new jobs and Obama's best month December 2016 156,000 and expected 175,000 new jobs
Instead of jumping for joy work with the President on tax reform and get the economy working for everyone. Resistance is futile.
Than do something and stop complaining
But not unexpected.
I don't think it's going to get much better for awhile healthcare workers won't see much increase for a long time
This, according to @realDonaldTrump, will be @BarackObama's fault. Or possibly Hillary's.
Good reason why u might want to think about resigning; nothing good has happened during your tenure; u are hurting the American people
Grumpy old grandpa.
Shame on you! C'mon! Stop already with the vitriol and hate. It's OK to have your own opinion, but NOT OK to lie! Sheesh!
And how will they explain this one?
Cliches, slogans, chants, and catch phrases. In other words the same way they do everything the fat liar says
1% GDP under Obama, 3% already with Trump. Those numbers will be revised up in October. Typical negative Dem.
Really Chuck? You must have been in a real state of depression during the Obama years!

Job growth is historically always lower in the month of August Chucky. A fact you already knew before you tweeted this. Or should have known
Time for trump to take credit for Obamas
work is over.  Now it is all his!
Repeal the ACA, and watch jobs and wages grow
WINNING
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS MAYBE THATS BECAUSE U GAVE ALL U.S. JOBS TO INDIA AFTER BEING BOUGHT BY YOUR DONORS CHUCK
That's because your obstucting and fear mongering does not end. get a grip
Funny you tweet about jobs today, but not when tons were added over the past 8 months. You sir are a poor excuse of a rep of the people
Yea Chuckie, these stats were a lot better when Obama was President amd ur party ruled. Senator Schumer bought and paid for by Wall Street.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer Mr. President, you will accomplish Agenda Soon! Election time round the corner!
Hopefully this will decrease trump's popularity even more
Chucky s nose is growing
I think that nose is orange
Hey Chuckie, those 8 years of slow job growth and stagnant wages under Obama, you cheered about that. Kinda two faced are we Chuckie
You never owned a company or practiced law, so your opinion on both has no value, sir.
Just like you said his opinion I guess you don't like anyone but yours how the hell does  that work no one can have opinions got it 
Every time ANTIFA, BLM, or the irrational left silence someone and run them off campus, I think the same thing.
Not left or right how about Central seems like a good place to me
Sounds good to me too. Im just calling it like I see it.
Them start working with the President to improve our economy. Help him pass his tax bill or just Shut Up.
Corps are slowing hiring because Trump has sown chaos across the country.  No one will invest or spend
So we're the last 8 years of reports
are you going to fake cry again?
Thats because he isn't hiring 30,000 government employees a month.

Well, get the tax reform done.
Job creation fluctuates up/down during economic expansion. Some months are great, some not so great. Don't have to have an MBA to understand
Schumer's a little slow at catching on, what a joke!
Beginning to look as if we have ridden out the wave of Obama economic success and are now entering the Trump Trough.
Yes. I was hoping it would last a little longer, but Trumps folk will not see the truth until they are in pain.
Speaking of stagnant have you seen your face lately?
Today's jobs report doesn't include the cannabis trades sector which is growing like a weed in every state wise enough to restore freedom.
Hey Chucky, what world do you live in? Apparently not the same one the people of America are in.#libtards
Insanity right here..re read, you mook....
Agreed. Let's build a wall.
Yeah I'm sure you're heartbroken by this Chuckie!! Stop the BS and work to fix the mess, not perpetuate it. Both sides need to knock it off!
What can Schumer do? The GOP controls the entire government.
This didn't start in January. The obstruction, on both sides, had gone on for years now. These ppl are a joke! Self-centered and corrupt!!
What reasonable legislation have Democrats obstructed? I'll wait...
 Shut up, Chuck!! Your hypocrisy is showing !!
Why were you not criticizing the Obama regime when GDP was a whopping 1.5 percent
Will you stop!!
You continue to lie to support your political narrative, 63 million plus people are sick of your BS
chucks daily downer.
Lol!
we were in the minus side when Obama was president. what are you doing to bring jobs back?330,000 jobs lost 1st yr Obama was pres.
Worst President in US history. What do you expect?
In less than ten months eh? You people are funnier than shit. Go check Carters 4 and Obamas 8 before making such a dumb statement.
Oh look, the entrenched oligarch is pretending to care about the peasants #itscoolcauseyougotyours

