Yes and you allowed Obama and Hillary to kill them,shame on you democrats,you care nothing for the American people
@GOP had majority and blocked Obama's proposal to prevent Assad's planes to fly/bomb! Caolina, be more punctual about your history.
Good. US has no business bombing the sovereign nation of Syria, defending itself agaist Western backed terrorism.
All countries have an obligation to defend innocent people from atrocities by whomever. Prev planes to bomb innocent people is justified
Your "justifications" are lies. A terrorist ammo depot where chem agents were stored was the obvious source of the latest tragedy in #Syria
Obvious, because you believe Russian allegations/lies? "Je suis Dombass" speaks for itself.
Yes, "Je suis Donbass" because some people need to defend Donbass people's right to exist. The US prefers Kiev nazi junta.
You mean you don't want the USA to do a "humanitarian convoy" for the innocent Syrian citizens. They should help Donbass people in stead?
So what exactly did YOU and YOU'RE party do to stop them for the last 8 years ????????? You're just now so concerned....
sweetheart you DO realize Obama was ready to go into Syria and YOUR party put the brakes on it. Next question???
He sought congressional approval for military intervention in Syria,which he knew he would not get, then brokered a deal with  Russia...hmm
Talk about Russia? At least Obama didn't broker a deal with Russia to win the election LOLOLOLOLOL
Still waiting, after 6 months, for some proof on that one....do ya got any....oh...that's what I thought......
sweetheart do you even KNOW what an investigation is? Apparently not 
Continued searching despite lack of evidence?
wow u have the security clearance to know that? I'm impressed!! Watergate took a year sweet pea, next question
and yet your King Obama did nothing to stop this from happening. how is your conscious chuckie boy.
LOLOLOLOL YOUR Party put the brakes on it DB! Next question 
Obama could have done it without congressional approval. he didnt even have support of majority of DEMS in Senate. Learn facts. #idiot
"he could've done it??? Are you serious. Oh the Republucan outrage, can almost hear it
learn facts. he waited till congress came back and took a chance. he should have bombed them when he said he wanted to in the rose garden
wow I bet Donny would give u security clearance, he gives it to anyone who kisses his orange ass good luck Comrade
I didn't vote for Trump best thing ANYONE could do for this country! Trump=Russia "bitch" 
Yes and your buddy Obama is to blame!
Clinton advocated a no fly zone over Syria. Air strikes were pushed by Obama. Republicans have taken a "IDGF" stance for some time.
do you know what a no fly zone would cause, world war 3 because russia will not abide by it, it was a horrible idea
If you'd watched the debates you'd know what she intended to do if it was violated.
i did watch it, top russian officials said they would still start a war
And we're scared of puny Russia and their one puny ally Iran why?
with russia who has a better military and better nuclear weapons
The only thing Russia has excelled at is propaganda. Look - even you have fallen for it! 
You are all talk and no action you remind me of the little kid at the playground
Why didn't you and your man grip ? Same action u took on Israel u will be voted out for that.
not before Agent Orange is in an orange jump suit!!!
Ms is right doubt if it will ever be mrs with your brain
a Trump supporter is calling out MY intellect?? Now THAT's funny!!!!
u Chuck. Ignore the haters, they mad cuz ur mean to poor whittle whiny bitch Donny! Keep doing what u do!!
And Donald Trump turned the ones seeking a safe haven for those children away.
Donald is sick as in psychotic.
that makes sense ??? Hater. Maybee Trump should draw a red line like Obombus...
@ericbolling @seanhannity Chuck, that Susan Rice thing is a bummer dude. Just when you Demwits thought you had Trump on the ropes. Pow...TKO
LOLOLOL She didn't do ONE thing wrong. Even if she did Donny's CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION
We shall see. Doesn't look good. Does the pain of Hillary's catastrophic loss still cause you suffering? That pain is going to last 8yrs.
I the way Trumpeters use "u lost" as a comeback, my kids did that when they were 6
I love how u Hillary DemWits have been throwing a tantrum since election. Talk about childish. Take your ball and go home.
"demwits"? What no "snowflake" "libtard" finally something original
Thank u. Wrote it myself. Kidding aside, no bad feelings & I hope we all get past this political madness. The world is a mess..Best wishes.
It is outrageous and evil what Assad is doing to his people with the assistance of Russia.
Yes, SenSchumer get over the obstruction and redirect party to work with @SenateGOP for a solution to real world problems!
ARE U JOKING. That is LITERALLY all the right did for 8 years. Check ur hypocrisy Lady!
The people of New York have suffered with you as our Senator.  Why don't you focus a little more on that?
now let's get #tillerson out of office so we can send Assad a proper warning. Or ANY warning for that matter ! #rextillerson
Ya maybee an Obama type red line. You are beyond stupid
is that the best you have? Calling me stupid? Are you in 5th grade?
Senator, I'm not a Trump supporter but I do support his bombing of Syria. I thank him for these actions.
Your boy had a chance to act when they crossed his red line but he #failed as usual.  I suppose it's Bushes fault or maybe @Trumps.
Assad is no different from the murderers at Planned Parenthood
As you say it very correctly it's time to take action. Otherwise we must pay the price at home. Iran terrorism must be stopped. #syria
And. BARRACK
@BarackObama  Legacy is Syria. He owns it, he built it. He turned the other way while 100's of 1,000's died. Obama's Holocaust!
YOU can thank @BarackObama for Syria. He didn't want to get involved or send troops. Made a promise of No Boots on the Ground.
Yea Chuck. Where was  Obama when this was happening 6 years ago?
Ya, so let's bomb them to bits so they can be free! 
Yes by all means. Oh wait.
Stealing!
Guilty. Grin.
Here I trade you
should have spoken out 5 yrs ago where was the Dems then you was hiding under obama's dress 
So what would YOU do
Your man Barock Hussain Obama allowed this to happen Like the ACA this is owned by the Democrats
FOR YEARS,  NOT JUST YESTERDAY
If Dems were in the majority, what would you want to do in this very sticky situation? Do you have ideas? Someone HAS to have ideas. PLZ!
Are you going to support Trump?
So horribly sad.
How bout a free ticket to Syria? You can check out the travel ban and be a canary too!
Don't forget his orange supporter in MarALago #Trumprussia
Given the current lack of credibility in our leaders and media, we should pull everything out.  We can't trust our leaders' motives.
and his supporters in the white house - the silence of our government is noticed
Not only at the hands of Assad but now also because of #45's blind support of Putin
and its all because of the Dem president we had - Odumbo...this lays on his shoulders and all of the Dems...
Thanks to obama
Very true.
You mean DJT's bro?
THANKS TO THE COWARDICE & LACK OF LEADERSHIP OF @BarackObama  BTW WHERE'S HE HIDING NOW?
and your democratic, do nothing, lackadaisical, cowardly president, OBAMA!
And  sadly we do not allow refugees from Syria.The real terrorists are in the WH trying to throw us into war anywhere they can.
so you know this as a fact? Or are you just spewing party lines?   You know how you are
What we r doing? Criticizing them or express them condolences only our responsibility.This is hw we c other countries.This is our outlook
dont forget the support of obama and you chuck  thanks for nothing
Shut up Chuck! Heard enough from you!
You had your opportunity to help. You turned a blind eye then.
It is time for Assad to be gone Syria has suffered enough May he suffer as much as he has made his people suffer then spend eternity in hell
Yes, the door to Syria was left open by both Tillerson's comments and Trumps debt to Putin
what do you suggest we do as a country? #lead
Yeah question is why we've stood by ages ago with only diplomatic efforts.
You can thank your besties Obama & Rice for this!!!
The most recent attacks can be laid directly on Obama administration.
Take an example from President Reagan and Khadafi. TAKE HIM OUT WITH STEALTH BOMBERS!
And you and Obama did nothing for 6 years... shame on you!!!
u schumer
And you where supposed to get bigger seats on airplanes. What happened schumer? #donothing
Not our problem
What do you suggest that we do about it?...you're all talk & never committal. Worst active day senator. Disgraceful
Absolutely! Time to stop the years of waffling on Syria
THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK HAVE  SUFFERED UNTOLD HORRORS AND VIOLENCE AT THE HANDS OF CHUCK SCHUMER  
Amen!!
Yet the dems has done nothing for years. #Useless
what's your solution to this humanitarian crisis?
all due to your failure of a leader Obama and his inaction with your pathetic support
Funny, most of the Middle East would say the same about Riyadh and DC.
Yes, we see what's coming. Don't think u'll be doing us or the pple of Syria a favour.
Obama is to blame!
Oh no!! Not trusting one thing you say. You are not going to push us into another debacle!!
Okay that's fine, so when it's time to bomb the Syrian government u better step up then right?
Thank You Obama and the cowards that make up the democratic party. Those deaths on your hands and you should rot in HELL for your cowardice.
Yes they have.  I'm sure Trump’s "change in "view" doesn't include the compassion to let refugees in to US.
Sure.. send them to California or NYC..no further than Westchester county.
So glad you have a heart.
and now the United States
Maybe...thanx to Obama destroying the readiness of our military.
And the Trump white house
Stop the presses.   Trump said the same thing.  The world will stand still
Your hate has overwhelmed your good judgement! And you know it!
You should truly resign if you love America!!
Yeah why didn't u challenge @BarackObama when he DID NOT come through 4 the people of Syria after he uttered the words "Red Line"? Hot air!
Bring them all here, give new car,$100,000.00, new house,free education and a job/Tired of hearing about over there/What about people here!
They crossed that red line that Barack did NOTHING about.
And in Washington. #trumpisheartless
Would you agree that President Obama ran from this conflict after establishing the "Red Line" and not living up to it?
Yes, Chuck, we know that...if you'll remember, @BarackObama drew his red-line and then walked away from it.
sweetheart YOUR party stopped Obama from going into Syria. Google is your friend REPUB=HYPOCRITE
You say Trump colluded with Russia but now you want him to get help from Russia what do you want
how do you people expect anything to be done with Russia's help this is why we can't even asked Russia for help because of fools like you
Finally, a bipartisan statement! Armageddon must be near.
I'm not buying this story, at all. But do tell us....was that gas that was supposedly dropped on the Syrians, AGAIN, property of the U.S.A.?
u might as well be a supporter since you supported Obama in doing nothing except drawing red lines. God have mercy on your soul.
So far, I've seen no proof that it was Assad and not ISIS rebels.
riiiiggghhht, Assad is Puty's bff so we'd NEVER cast blame thete
Bring Assad to Justice He is Criminal
Trump is sending troops to take Syria & give Israel an oilpipeline  #Putin #Netanyahu #gopbuiltthis #followthemone
No more wars for a pipeline!
What ???  US no longer needs foreign energy. Get a new fight song or read a book
We in America decry the murder of innocent children in Syria by chemical weapons.Then we go to the clinic to kill our unborn for convenience
Should have spoke up when Obama sat on his heads. Too late to cry now Chuck. Shame on your incompetence in DC. We have been crying 4 years
LOLOLOLOL Sweet Pea you DO realize Obama was ready to go into Syria and YOUR party put the brakes on it. Google it
They've also suffered just as much at the hands of the "moderate" rebels we supported. #StayOutOfSyria
What happened to the Russians were to oversee the destruction of CW in Syria ? Blood on hands of O admin. and clueless liberal democrats!
Exactly. Left to busy w fake news and fake scandles 
AND Donny took NINE hours to make a statement, AFTER talking about his poll numbers at a speech. Keep fighting Chuck!!!
We have a problem though,trump & putin are buddies
Where have you been over the last four years. Hypocrite!
Don't forget the Saudis
I have two words for you Chuck:  RED LINE!  Just imagine if Obummer had done his job!
Please say no to #trumpswar
Yes all this because your President didn't follow up on the red line to busy sending $ to Iran
Tell them to move
Quit fighting with @realDonaldTrump  and come together to end this madness.  Pull your head out of the Pelosi cloud and unite as Americans!!
Bullshit!! The ONLY things Repubs did in 8 years was OBSTRUCT, REPUB=HYPOCRITE
So what are we going to do about it??!
Nothing.
And Who did nothing to get him out? Why can't you ever support the President?  Even once. On something this important ?
tell you what he'll give Agent Orange same level of support Repubs gave Obama, deal? REPUB=HYPOCRISY!!
God bless U. Pathetic left whiners can't fault their fearless soft leader, ObombUS
Thanks to the Obama olivy supporting fems. LINE IN THE SAND
But you love Iran you agreed with the nuke deal that they have never complied with and never will, just like N. Korea
And obama who condoned the action of the government that he was too much of a chicken ass to stop
For years under democrats and obamas watch right chucky?
That red line was a doozy.

Cause of one person obummer admin and Democrats
Thank you Obama and Reid and the red line - what a pile of crap for you to even act indignant now
Why didn't you do anything about it when you had a chance? Don't act all upset now. #fakeredline
And the so-called fake POTUS
Where's he at
Don't forget #SCUMTRUMP. He's supportive of ANYTHING Russian backed and perpetuated.He quietly sent 500 troops, for what? 2 B Friend or foe?
Let's be honest. If @HillaryClinton and @BarackObama hadn't fucked it up from the start, it wouldn't be the worldwide crisis that it is now.
Moscow supports Assad and Trump supports Moscow? Really? Trump people, you want this?
the Kool Aid drinkers agree with ANYTHING their profit tells them
They do. It's worse than a bad marriage where one spouse abuses the other and the other excuses it
U talking about obummer right
so tell us why u supported the Iran deal?
That the dems let happen
Troll?
On your WATCH Senator.  This happens on your watch.
This happens with Republican majorities. Dems have been pushing to act while your party sits on their ass.
This proves Dems are delusional when in fact this has exploded the last 8yrs from a failed previous admin that has left that place in pieces
Thank your almighty all wonderful leader for that...
How many Lines in the Sand did your Führer draw and did nota?
@GOP had majority and blocked Obama's proposal to prevent Assad's planes to fly/bomb! Rich, be more punctual about your history.
no one cares that chuckles makes statements with no plan?He only has plan when its to slam trump. Sad
Chuck, you're a sad neo-con propaganda joke. So full of it.
US should do something about NATO ally Turkey letting these toxic agents transit on its border to terrorist controlled ammo depots in Idlib
Thanks for the breaking news Chucky
And most of that occurred when OBama was in office there Chuck
The U.S. has certain goals in the Middle East, achieves those goals through military action & creates controversy to justify military action
Assad was accused of using nerve gas before. Why would Assad make his bad situation worse by using outlawed weapons?
This suggests a sinister motive in Congress & the Pentagon to topple yet another Middle Eastern country on the basis of fabricated evidence.
Trolls R banging away 2smother ur message in chaff. But it wont work, we hear U!  Imagine using this tragedy to be a troll...
You're angling for a war with Russia, @SenSchumer. Pres. Trump must lead US into cooperation w/Russia vs.evil Al Q and ISIS ravaging Syria.
You are as delusional as your president. ISIS thinks he is absolute nuts!
Take action and convince @GOP they have to! Can't blame it on Obama, as they blocked him before in taking action.
- where were you the last 8yrs? Can't jump up and down 2.5 months in when you have been so silent. No credibility....
@GOP had majority and blocked Obama's proposal to prevent Assad's planes to fly/bomb! Robert, be more punctual about your history.
who???
and #Trump must finally explain his close links and the counterparts w/ #Russia. He has to prevent #Russia from vetoing @UN's resolutions
That's the point about UN vetoes: you can't prevent a country from using it. It's to prevent nuke conflict. Educate youself before talking.
WHY?? Didn't Trump say he would open our doors to SYRIAN refugees??!!
I think you're saying  that Assad is to blame for what Assad does. As simple as that sounds it is not universally recognized in White House.
There's no proof Chuck I say it was the global Elite Obama Hillary Clinton and the shadow government an Chuck you should be hung for treason
Will Trump follow suit?
Shocking and horrifying. Are we sending humanitarian aid?
As you out of your wits? Humanitarian aid won't do it  with scoundrel Assad. 
This is the first tweet you have made that we agree.
Trump needs to act like a president and a commander and chief and do something for humanity ! ASAP
Yes, he needs to trigger a vote to kick Turkey out of NATO for giving chem weapons to Al-Qaïda in #Syria
Brought to you by Barack Obama. Harry Reid Nancy Pelosi & Chuckles Schumer!
An understatement.  All while the world turned their heads, and allowed yet another madman destroy his country, divide and murder his own!
Why were you not crying about that 2012-2016?
Why the sudden concern now that Obama's out of office?
Dishonest as the day is long, you are.
And who in the WH IS connected to Moscow we all no who they are
Can u give one fact on that, please just one hard fact,not what's on cnn
so what do you prepose should be done about it?
Total bs. This another establishment fabricated story.
your goblin face scared my kid.
.....and now Washington DC
trump will handle it.
Acts 2:38
Then Peter said to them, “Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the [1/2]
remission of sins; and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. [2/2]
Go f..k yourself with this type of preaching about this subject. Way too unworldly.
