Chuck, just send in the Clintons! They did amazing work last time!
Hey Chuck!  Can you also fight to get the $$$ stolen from the Clinton's??  I hear is was millions and I am sure they could really use it?
I can hardly wait
Go get the money from Clinton's! How about focusing on US recovery! Put the 90 million to work!
When are you going to fight for Americans? Why don't you go after the Clinton Foundation for screwing the Haitians?!
.@choice "DRIVE THEM OUT" yes Sir #DRIVEdemsOUT. They won't help fix what they screwedup. Spent over 11 trillion. #DRIVEdemsOUT
President Trumps, gives Saudi Arabia $110 billion dollars for weapons   but takes the poor people food stamps away in the U.S.A. Really?
Didn't "Give" Saudi's weapons, sold them! Money for US Treasury and companies
Exactly! Read my statement; I said; President Trump, gave saudi Arabia $110 billion to buy weapons, but took the poor people food stamps!
President Trumps, gives Saudi Arabia $110 billion dollars for weapons  but takes the poor people food stamps away in the U.S.A. Really?
Blah blah blah. Ask the clintons to give Haiti all the money they kept but raised on behalf of the haitians
Better ask Clinton Cartel. They left Haitian people waiting
I guess he gets kickbacks from the Haitians as well.  He should encourage the Clintons to make a big "donation" to them.
President Trumps, gives Saudi Arabia $110 billion dollars for weapons     but takes the poor people food stamps away in the U.S.A. Really?
Maybe you can get the Clintons and other charities that still haven't handed over relief money from Earth Quake.Dems care less
Why don't u worry about the taxpayers Clucky!! Ur another disgraceful elected official Pandering to broken people to stay in office#POS
Well then get back the monies the clinton foundation stole from the Haitian people
Why can't put American people first before Haitians who steal from elderly and just want to do harm to us
Guess that will be forever as your definition of forever is to keep everyone, on the public dime forever, so they keep voting you in. #putz
.@1choice dems screwedup HC , now they won't help fix it,GET OFF OUR PRESIDENT'S BACK, HELP OR FIRED#DRIVEdemsOUT 
Tell us about your campaign contributors needs from you.

How much $$$ did Clintons grift in Haiti?
Uhm! U didn't force Hillary to give the aid she promised and never gave from her foundation! Yep! Good job Schumer!
Are you working for the American people or tbe Haitians?

Stay focused on the USA.
you mean until YOU are fully REFUNDED from the huge investment loss you incurred in the Clinton election effort via Haiti fake foundation
Hey Chucky, why don't you focus on solving American problems like health care, deficit, etc.
Haiti will never recover, it has always been what it is and it will never get better. Send these people home to rebuild their homeland.
You'll be fighting the rest of your life b/c #Haiti will NEVER be fully recovered. Always will be 3rd world country.
Relieved 50k Haitians w TPS received extended protection. I'll fight for extensions until Haiti is fully recovered. http://haitiantimes.com/2017/05/22/haiti-tps-to-be-extended-by-six-months-trump-officials-say/ …
They wouldn't be in such bad shape if yo girl HITLARy and slick willie hadn't kept contributions that were to go to them.
We don't care about Hati you traitor, we care about Americans and this country, why don't you move there?
Why not call Bill Clinton and his friends in to complete the job they started in Haiti.
Maybe ask Hillary and Bill for the stolen money their foundation took from these people.
if H.CLINTON had not stolen HAITI donations ea Haitian would have a home, healthcare.  Hillary put 1.8 billion in Arab bank , go get it.
Ask Billary for cash she stole from Haiti.
Enough. In this atmosphere how about we STOP  all immigration. To much $ spent immig you have already spent us into bankruptcy!
How many years?  Don't you think by now they should be standing on their own two feet?  Stop giving away our money.
Any call for #ClintonFoundation to pony up funds that they #stole from the #haitians , chucky?
Ask Bill for some Haitian money
Not American,  please chuck please consentrat on America chuck. ...that's what we hired you for.
Should I post a link where the Clinton Foundation stole all of the Haitians money and  the Haitians we're demanding their money back
Are you crying as you type, heard from a source that you hired an acting coach
Pandering for future votes! Haiti has been mired with corruption for generations Haiti will not likely recover in your lifetime
You mean you won't screw them like your buddy Hillary?
Who stole the money raised for Haiti? The whole country should have been rebuilt with the money raised! #haiti #clintonfoundation #redcross
Chuck give back Haiti their $...oops spent already on fake collusion, vacations,dinners,travel....what did I forget you hipicrite?
Why don't you fight for middle class Americans? Move to Haiti and become their president Sen Schmuck ! You'll save the world at our expense
Good give them some of your money then that should help them in fact if ALL took a pay cut there wouldn't be an issue with SS now
Ask the Clintons to help they said they would but didn't to anything near that they said they would
Unfortunately Haiti will never recover. Good people/ corrupt government!
You've done nothing for Haiti...ZERO. Less than the Clintons and that's saying something. Phony Chuck is up to his old tricks
Are you going to go after the Clinton Foundation for the money that they received but never got to Haiti?
Check with Hillary, she may have some Haitian money for you.
Why don't you do what's right, demand the Clintons turn over the money they stole from the Haitians!
what did the Clinton Foundation do with the money they raised for Haiti?  That's what I thought...no idea!
Thank you. He is more corrupt than Hillary!
Tell @HillaryClinton & Bill to give the money back they stole from the Haiti!
America FIRST
Please fight for what we need as Americans.
Additionally do we need to review how much of the relief for the earthquake disappeared... Apparently we will continue to provide aid w/o
Accountability
Haiti has been a mess for how long? it's not the job of the USA to become a permanent resident of refugees just because the country has yet
To implement any meaningful reform to address political issues....
you mean fight to give away what doesn't cost you and isn't yours. Send your own check
Which is never
Try fighting for America!
What happened to the money the Clinton Foundation had?  I thought it was to help them but it only helped the clintons
Fake Phony Fraud
I wish you would fight that hard for Americans in need, including those in NYS.
ASK KILLARY FOR THE MONEY/MILLIONS SHE STOLED FROM THE  HAITIANS !!  U NEED TO GO !!
What happened to your friend Hillary's foundation that was supposed to help them?
Tell the clintons to give them the money they stole...
Why don't you work on prosecuting Clintons for the millions they stole from Haitian refugees instead of harassing Trump. They screwed Haiti!
Ask @HillaryClinton & @ChelseaClinton to help you since they stole all their money.. @FoxNews
Your move @HillaryClinton
Ask the Clintons what they did with all the donated money for Haiti.
Fight here at home until we are fully recovered. AMERICA FIRST.
More than 2 BILLION DOLLARS has been sent to Haiti for less than 1 million people and poverty still is rampant. Where did all that money go?
How about demand Hillary release the funds that were given to her for The suffering Haitians she did not care about it all
Chuck is so noble , puke
That's funny..cause sandy victims are still fighting for a full recovery as well 5 years and counting. How quickly you forget your promises
Why don't you ask your buddies, the crooked Clintons to give them some of the money they skimmed that was supposed to go to poor Haitians?
@SenSchumer Please! Please help US Families end suspension of Ethiopian adoptions #bringustogether
Support America US to end suspension of Ethiopian adoptions #bringustogether
Excellent glad you are on board with POTUS
did the #Haitians get the money earmarked for them from the #Clinton. Foundation? Wait.....hell no they didn't.
Maybe if Hillary and Bill gave back the money they stole, the people could rebuild and go home sooner.
do your job at home, you need to save your country to hell with the world, do your job, the one the people voted you for!!
You might want to get with Hillary and ask her where Haiti's money is that she collected
Good Lord crying Schumer. Put your head back into the sand.
See if you can get some of the money bill and Hillary stole
How about doing some work at home first. You don't impress me much.
We know that you will fight for them just not the American people
I think you should move to Haiti !!!!!!!
Why don't you investigate where the money went that the Clintons were supposed to be used to rebuild Haiti
So Schumer why don't you just tell the Clintons to give the Haitians back the money they stole from their relief fund. It's not going away!
You fight for hot airchucky
Hey ask Billy what he did with the billions he diverted from Haiti.  Democraps are hypocrites.   You are one of the biggest.
Chuckie, you're such a fighter. Pathetic.
Fort starters, tell your buddy, Killary, to give Haiti the money donated to help earthquake victims!
nice u are fighting for Haitians after a devasting hurricane, are u fighting for New Yorkers still trying to recover from superstorm sandy?
just wondering how much u makin off this disaster clintons made a fortune they pay you too?
Why don't you help the Haitians whose lives got ruined by @HillaryClinton?
Thsnds in WNY lost healthcare & Delphi pensions while Schumer fights for Haitians. Chuck who is our Senator?
Chuckie! Ask your friends the Clintons for the millions and millions they stole from Haiti!
did you fight hillary when she took their money for the earthquake
Call ur buddy Hillary n the foundation, they were supposed to take care of that! Hey Cuck?
Wait. Didn't the Clinton Foundation fix Haiti already?
I wished you fought for the Americans who pay your salary !
When bill and hillary gonna help?
Both @billclinton and @HillaryClinton will help.  They like #Haiti.  They like #Haiti a lot....
We know some of it went to white privileged daughter to pay for wedding dresses and wedding 
Is ur pal Hillary gunna make a few more bucks yet? Lol
Which will be never if Clinton corruption cabal is still involved
Chuck. See if you can get some of the money Hillary stole from the Haitians. That would be a nice start from the Democratic Party
And where does that leave your American constituents? Will you be taking any time for them?
No we are politically expedient
Would have recovered already if clintons hadn't kept cash! Ur conscience has the best of u? Nope that is impossible, we  know  ur heartless!
Maybe it is time for the able bodied Haitians to go home and help fully recover the country.
I'll fight to have you relocated to Haiti.  How about you fighting for my fellow Americans ????  Immigrants are not your 1st priority
For the pathological liar Chuckie ILLEGAL immigrants come first before ANY American!
Good job fighting for countries other than your own..! Donkey dem.. #NEVERAGAINALEFTPOTUS
He Chucky you did this? Ha ha sure you did! You have no power to do anything! Useless Chuck Schumer!
How about you fight to get the money the Clinton foundation took from the Haitians?  #Pathetic #Garbage
Isn't that what @HillaryClinton raised money for and instead spent it @ChelseaClinton wedding
Send the bill to bill and hillary Clinton they stole the Haitians money smh
Then investigate the Clinton foundation !
Refund the Haitians all the money at the Clinton Foundation stole from them
Chuck STOP fighting you only make things worse. What have you done for Americans lately? 2018 Dems will lose bigly!
Call Hillary, and Bill.  They have a few millions I am.sure.
Typical Democrat want to help foreigners over us citizens.where is the money Clinton's got for haiti
And you will continue to screw up our economy! Talk about a person who doesn't care about Americans ... look in the mirror!!
It would be great to see real solutions to the challenges in Haiti, so it's citizens don't feel emigrating is their only solution.
We need real solutions for all countries that have challenges.Then none of the world's citizens don't feel emigrating is their only solution
u mean what Hillary did to them
Haiti needs to stop getting aid and be allowed to do their own farming again - WE are killing their recovery.
Teach a man to fish he will feed himself forever. Give him food he'll wait for another hand out
That statement is complete and utter bullshit.
1. You need to be self reliant. The US has given haiti 884 MIL btwn 95-99 13 BIL since 2010.it's still bad but u can't continue.
2.. to throw $ at an issue. They need to be taught to be self sufficient
Haiti would be doing better if Clinton hadn't stole money
1. Your link doesn't work.
2. Well at least ur doing something 4 someone. 'Cuz you're doing nothing for America. #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
Good point. Well played.
Give up the cash, Clinton Foundation!!! You too Red Cross!!
The Clinton Foundation didn't do what they promised for Haitians. How much money did they raise for Haiti that never made it there?
100% correct if you reall want to help people Chuckles you'll shut down the corrupt Clinton Foundation - odds are you won't
@ClintonFdn #SENDCASH     @RealAlexJones @allidoisowen @libertytarian @DewsNewz @LeeAnnMcAdoo @Millie__Weaver @MarkDice @Cernovich ...
Are you going to track down where all that Clinton Foundation $$ for Haiti went?? That should help them recover.
Some of it went to @ChelseaClinton wedding
She should really auction it off and donate the $$.
Why would you do that?  The people don't want that. You should be impeached.
Sir would you take the times to comment on this with solid facts ?
 I am a republican for health care for all 
https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/865664030542659584t …
You should get those Billions back from @HillaryClinton to give to the Haitians that were supposed to get that money/relief in the 1st place
why don’t u fight the Clinton Foundation that never gave the money they said the would. Maybe if u stopped your political bull u help Haiti
Specially now that Clinton Crime Family can't hurt them anymore!
LOL Poor GOLDENSHOWER SNOWFLAKE
Are you really an entertainer?!! What kind of music do you play?! What movies or shows have you been in?! I'm looking to get into acting!!
Go talk to Hillary!!!
he is not a Christian by any means shape or form he's a stupid rich guy
