Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Haha..maybe you should of thought about that when Obama was in control..just sit back, shut up, and let Trump handle it..we're in good hands
You really believe we are in good hands?
Well, @realDonaldTrump is no 0bama, thankfully. The fundamental change 0bama gave us, it's going bye-bye! That's being in good hands!
Bringing the economy out of recession, killing Bin Laden, providing healthcare and saving the auto industry. We didnt need these things.
i didn't see him kill bin laden ...
U didn't see a lot of things but you still believe it.
No one ever saw bin ladins body...I would bet Trump took him out when he dropped the MOAB last week
So don't believe Bin Ladin is dead? Not going to debate that bc yall chose to believe what yall want. If Bush/Trump did it would you believe
Jeez.....Chuck's so smart......maybe he should run for president.......
ever see the inside of a Turkish prison?  hopefully you will ...jacktard
Exactly  how did he get those 38 trade marks I wonder
It is called having business sense.
I often wonder why @realDonaldTrump pursues friendship with countries (China & Russia) that have been our enemies for generations.
Do you not know history on this?  Reset buttons(Clintons), "Ill have more flexibility after my second term"(Obama) "Russia is not a threat"
Yes, fully aware of the history. And scared to death.
he should be in fkn jail!
You had your eight years. Foreign affairs a mess. Now time to watch a real leader. #MinorityParty
Bingo
Chuckie you should be more worried about the investigation by Turkey of you. Look who has dirty hands now. Cry us more tears.
Is China helping with N Korea? They educated you on NK, and you're paying for that education by trusting them more than you trust US intel?
That's a tie.
With Trump it is Always follow the $ his hand out for personal gain for everything ! BTW did u all see that NK bomb parts made in China ?
What happens is we all die! Fight everything this crazy monster  is doing!
Isnt that what @AGLynch was calling for in her strange video?
What kind of leader "tweets" this indecipherable idiocy? Maybe one of the proTrump bots responding to tweet will explain.
does using big words make you feel smarter?? I don't care if he tweets all day long as long as he isn't Obama
How has that been working out for you Chuck ?
Too bad it's not you that's calling the shots Chuck!
Please please let's work together to impeach Trump
Chucky boy I've seen you say the complete opposite of things you said well Obama was President. VIDEO have you heard of it
hey Chuck have you ever heard of video tape , you couldn't be more of a walking contradiction
I think he's got this Schumer. But thanks for calming your rhetoric of late. You might want to speak to @NancyPelosi & @MaxineWaters though
Can't send #ChuckSchumer in to handle anything...he may cry .
Obummacare doesn't pay for batteries for his hearing aids.
Yep instead Trump flip-flopped on China,currency manipulation claims,tough stance TPP, w/new business opportunities China fattening pockets
Bingo
Chuck, you need to grow up, you have no clue how to run America, but you do make America look stupid
You have no clue you rather take care of illegals before the hard working American people ,your pathetic !!!
Its becuz of his vast govt experience and that he is a sm@rt guy that he thinks he knows what to do. Reckless will not end well
Like this idiot who has never had a real job would know anything about American workers, Schumer is pathetic.
You have no clue either way...all you want to do it bash Trump.  He is accomplishing stuff you never have or will.
Stop pretending to know what you're talking about. Trumps meeting w/China has already brought results with China& NK. Sit down.  #DemsRDone
Imagine the balls to accuse Russia of meddling in our election when under investigation for taking part in a coup in Turkey! #hypocrite
Exactly, the ass backwards POTUS and his ass backwards administration. the great negotiator? Wow Negotiate 101 says don't give until you get
You're lying again. Caught you.
Your party did so much when it was in power, didn't it?? Gave BILLIONS to state-sponsored terrorist IRAN that wants to destroy us. #Blind
Chuck, you haven't done anything for American workers and you certainly haven't been very vocal in the past on China so why are you
Oh so now u want to be "tough" on China Guess u were asleep during the obama yrs huh chuckie Biggest Hypocrite Ever schumer
Schumer, nobody wants to here from an obstructionist that couldn't give a crap about us Americans.All you care about is power.
You and other libs blasted Trump during the election for talking tough on China
We're in serious trouble. Man is a fish out of water and he's pulling us toward distinction
That entire party is backwards
We're still waiting on @SenSchumer & @SenateDems to hold Sessions accountable for lying to the SENATE abt RUSSIAN mtgs
Don't hold your breath. They got nothing against Session and they've been lying to you, again!
Trumps Flagrant lying is so sickening already! Whenever I hear his supporters chanting the maga bull makes me wanna scream
I don't see you running for POTUS but I do see that you think you have all the answers. Maybe you need to take a look at that
He has memory problems since his campain
You had your chance over the last 8 years. Now you're a trade hawk? #zerocredibility
I'll continue to trust the @POTUS I voted for Chuck, you steer me into a ditch too often.
Chuckles nobody is buying your bullshit anymore but the gays in NYC. You are a toothless cat declawed. How is Guns berg I hope eating Kale!
I'm a bit curious... why didn't you publicly raise this as an issue during the eight years of Obama's presidency? I'm just asking.
CHINESE WISDOM WOULD HAVE TAUGHT THEM THE BACTERIA THAT DICTATES TRUMP & SCHUMER BEHAVIOUR.CHINESE DO NOT JUMP TO/WITH TWEETS
you and obozo let NK run unchecked, you have no standing, no credibility, chuck
LOL you preaching about the American worker while taxing them at 40% lol
Drag him Senator! He's a gd 1d10t!!
Chuck. Time to start helping Trump Tax Reform and Infastructure   Good for America 
This administration is easy to manipulate whether Fox or Brietbart or his special Intel.
He doesn't know what he's doing
@realDonaldTrump Chuck, you had 8 yrs and did nothing. Now you care? #stopbitchingandgettowork #doyourjob #HappyPassover
Where was Ur God, Obama, 4 the last 8 yrs? I don't remember him getting tough with anyone?! All they saw was the back of him as he ran away!
You see Chuckie Boy, you don't know shit. You really should go home and let the experts run the country.
Truly to the point of demented that you can scream at a woman in public and your followers don't care? Don't call yourselves feminists then!
3 weeks and still no apology for assaulting a woman!! Your followers should be very proud of you. Especially the women! #abuseisabuse
The Trumps make there cloths in China! Keep the Democrats Awake and Alive. They are fading
What? Do you not see that China has dispatched troops to hold off NK? Wtf are you smoking I want some.
How long have you been in senate and just now you want to crack down on China?
When did we elect you as president? Oh wait that is right you are not the President
Wut.
Because you at the democrats have EVER been tough on China? Shut up Chuck
Blah blah blah
Chucky Dems had 8 years to fix things but squandered the opportunity. It's now our turn your time is over so shut the heck up!
What king of twisted illogic is that? Here is an example of why it is time for a new Senator.
Trump have large mortgages in china so he have to agree otherwise they may ask him to pay
Trump is short sighted and is spending American political capital one deal at a time, taking US stability for granted. Not smart
Chuck...you forget YOU are not commander in chief,you don't have the qualifications, your backers are paying for you and credibility is gone
Seriously?
After 8 years of abject failure -or outright treason - (we don't know -- yet) you're going to lecture a genius trade negotiator?
Oh but we do and #45 is treasonous even before in office.
Chuck, after 8 years you really should sit down and be quiet about this one. Don't you have tax returns to complain about?
I've got all the answers. U've been in Congress long enough. What have you done? Go on recess?  Time 4 term limits!
A chuckie why didn't you ever call the Bama out on China?
Here he is folks. The 2020 Presidential Candidate
Ur tweet makes no sense. Please clarify.
That's not how it works.Why would China cooperate if we are tougher on trade?"I don't scratch your back, then you scratch mine"?
@SenSchumer I think you should keep your woman under control. Not tell @POTUS what to do..your not the president!
I gotta go with POTUS on this. Let's wait and see. (Unless you already know the future.)
Duh...because they are currency manipulators
You did.
"See what happens ". ??  Like a crap shoot!  Help
Chuck your wrong everyday  @FloydBethel1
You have  been  a senator for  how  long now.?  In the last regime Americans unemployment and  homelessness  was off the roof.just wondering
Earth to Chuck.  Wake up this is no longer the 20th century
Are you for real Chuck? You realize BHO has only been out of the WH a few weeks? What did he do about trade with China?
Hey Chuck,  go read "Art of the Deal" again & cut the #POTUS some slack. 
Trump's already made strides w/ China tht Obama couldnt dream of
@realDonaldTrump 
Chuck have no business nor politic acumen ! At all !
Cryin Clueless. Chuck
Did u tell that to @BarackObama for 8 yrs?
@POTUS Trade is Trump's line. Please don't steal it
He is so much smarter than you. Stop campaigning against Trump
That's what he is doing dumb dumb
Chuck you should run for Prez as you know it all...
Happy Easter 나는 중국을 핵으로 만들 것이다. 내 석탄을 돌려줘.
Chuck, your the 1 whose backwards
Tough on China & help American workers. That's rich coming from you Chuckles. You did neither sold American workers out big time
Chuck you Fraud doing anything in government that U have been doing for 30 years has gotten you rich and Americans POOR. Unsafe because of U
schumer go away
Chuckles you have been wrong on everything  Obamacant,immigration, guns,gay rights....and that is why you have no power anymore sucker!!!
@KeithOlbermann @Lawrence @JoeNBC @realDonaldTrump Senator the 28th of April is coming. Give him or GOP no deals. Let them fail.
Chuck that makes NO SENSE AT ALL lol.
Anything to discredit this administration. Pretty soon it's going to backfire on you Chuck
Trump you did call them "currency manipulators"  Awww, You must have forgotten in your so busy day???
Chuck PAID TRAITOR SEE HOW CUBA VENEZUELA WENT FROM GREAT TO CRAPY UNDER COMMUNIST RULERS & LOST THEIR FREEDOM!
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
Why didn't Obama do this in the first place?
So SAD 2 Have such a STUPID @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   Has no IDEA how 2 run a country.  PLEASE IMPEACH THIS CROOK ASAP
You know what Chuck he got more done internationally in 3 months that the Dems did in 8 years. Listen and learn
ha what in the world you talking about accomplished wha in 8 days. He nuting but a dam lier
@realDonaldTrump but don’t the Chinese make a better Neck Tie?
Chuckles u don't know crap
Show some guts Sen. Schumer. Help not hinder. Be an American and not a Democrat only for once.
16 yrs of that kind of thinking, put us in this mess. You want to double down? As a New Yorker I'm ashamed. Use your mind not the parties.
Republicans support cheap labor. 1.3  billion  Chinese supplies cheap American Goods. No good reason for Republicans to go against China.
See, there's your problem. You're trying to reason with a madman. Give up and let's get going on impeachment already.
- @potus, you have some serious intellectual voids that soon you will have plenty of time to attend to.
That's what I like to as a New Yorker. Guys from the neighborhood talking now work together & serve us citizens. That would be really nice
Interesting - Schumer now calling for the Trump campaign slogans as best practical US policy? Is he on Trump payroll?
Let's push hard for a new law - every elected official MUST release 5/yrs taxes bfre being sworn in. If trump somehow gets in again? #resist
SHORT TERM MEMORY... YOU FORGOT  Obama's FAILED red line. SHAME!!!
Chuck ... you all had 8 years and did nothing
 You are not the right person to give advise
I think I get it. If @POTUS is tougher with you and the Dems, then he incites you and you are then inclined to work with him!!  Makes sense!
You have no credibility!!! So sad !!! Please no tears your days are numbered
Please this POTUS is in over his head!  We are in trouble "bigly" ! God help us!
Senator please you are a career politician who has no idea how to spell negotiation!!! Opposition and Resistance Is not working for you.
This China issue didn't start on 1/20/17.  It's been going on for quite sometime.  Only now you are voicing concern.  Why now Chuckles?
he's made much more money than you over the years don't worry about his plans you got it backwards
Actually, you've had everything backwards for the last 8 yrs.
Nothing else you do make since.Why Not ?
Get off your ass and get your Dems to help get America back on track. Obstruction is no way to run government
It's time for you to shut up and do your job Congress is the legislative branch Knock off the obstruction and so what you were elected to do
How many billions of dollars a year does he pay to China to make his crap clothing line. As well his daughters.
I wouldn't take advice from Chuck the Obstructionist! #LyingChuck
NO HAPPY EASTER FROM U EITHER ??  Despicable PIECE !!
That's a DAMOCRAT for ya !
Chucky. The Dems are backward.  That is why the voters have left.
Well you did prior to becoming P.
chuck - sadly you have it upside/down... stop this partisan crap and get working
That's why you are the minority whip Chuck.
Please be a little more vocal against lotus as the dem leader and my senator. We expect much more of you.
How quick he purposely forgets that he ranted over & over how China manipulated their currency during his fake campaign circus shows
We see that he remembers that& does everything in his power to BE a hypocrite on purpose! Trying to get #Impeached 45 wants to golf instead
You mean like how that worked for Bill Clinton, George Bush & Oblama?? Chucky Gum Shoe, you're the one who has it backwards.
He constantly forgets the lies he has told
Blind & stupid Cuck Schumer. No one has been more tough on China. Already seeing them heel. And they are beginning to help with NK.
Nation they have to show there stand & beliefs.There strategic decisions are independent & cant be mixed with economic issues & policies.
China help or support on NK threat can't be expected on compromise of economic strategies.They also members of UN & call them responsible
To have justified & strategic trade policies with china always spark numbers of conflicting & controversial decisions.On other hands getting

Makes no damn sense 
Democrats think paying off communists and terrorists is how to do things. Instead of feeding poor and vets. Sick principles
Remember when @POTUS44 stood up against China's currency manipulation?
It's either he's not very smart or he's scared of China.  I'm 50-50 on this.
Bwahahaha. Eight years of Obama appeasement. Finally have a fearless LEADER and China already warning NK. You're a joke
DJT is a disgrace and an embarrassment to the rest of America and to the world. The world doesn't need another crazy leader
and in your own word "fearless".
You have it wromg as usual. Our President is playing China against Putin and Fat Kim. No other POTUS has been able to do that.
