It's been going on for 8+ years and now you say something..... politics as usual Mr. Senator
I think the difference is that Trump proclaimed far and wide how hard he'd be on China. Gets some trademarks and suddenly his tune changed.
I think with China it's gonna be a wait and see. 1 thing at a time, N Korea needs to be stopped primarily then work on the others.
It may be a wait and see. Not saying that's right or wrong, but it is a big and sudden change forTrump. NKorea? I just hope we don't attack.
The last thing China wants is US to take on this situation. Once the dust settles the currency manipulation discussed behind closed doors
I don't believe that will happen. It would hurt Trump's business interests which he prizes above the good of the US.I guess time will tell.
I couldn't disagree more. His business interests are more toward real estate. clothes line is the question mark but not likely to succeed
He was recently granted 38 trademarks in China, after he publicly changed his mind on the one-China policy. He is acting in his own interest
You can give classes in manipulating, Chuck
I guess u do not understand NEGOTIATION
You're so off in left field old Chuck!
Where you when China was stealing job on Obamas watch..you lost this vote with all your opinions when it's convenient routine
I will not waste another vote on you sir.
Shut the #@@# up!
So glad your buddy Obama was all over this these past 8 years
Not a dime,  damn I am missing out. 
Oh well. Keep the faith Mary
@realDonaldTrump has been doing nothing but add jobs. How many have you added? You've done nothing but whine.
Shut the #### Up!
Funny how Trump is pro-China now after they gave him his 25+ trademarks
Not a single Republican voter will ever notice that Trump has flip-flopped on this -- if it's not on Fox News it doesn't exist
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2011/10/16/chuck-schumer-and-the-china-currency-bill/amp/ … Try a quick Google before looking dumb
U, Reid and the prior president had 8 years to do what U suggest. What did U accomplish?
Troll, learn your history. RePugs have held the senate and house for the past six years.
Ur Pres.didn;t do shit for 8 yrs and U R already 2nd guessing th1 guy who would help protect Israel, I have said Schumer, is a German name
This tweet is hilarious... pretty abysmally hypocritical too... 
So why R they letting him get away with this crap? Trump is getting away with so much, If it was anyone else they would be GONE, DONE,OUT!
They dont need to steal them when democrats have been handing them over creely for the past 8 years under Obama.
BHO did nothing but cave on every issue except when it came to bashing the GOP red lines bowing border being over run start diing ur job
Why didn't you do anything the past 8 years...nothing
Campaign rethoric is not playing out well for our poor president. Sad!
meaningful discuss
Wake up fool. Trump is the ONLY person that I've ever heard label China as a currency Manipulator. BTW, Don't you have actual work to do?
American
So why didn't your beloved Bama lable china as a "currency manipulator" chuckie?
This has been going on since you went to Congress in 1981.  You just woke up to this issue?
Obama and U stole our jobs U sorry SOB
Reallllly??? Where were you last year when POTUS Trump was campaining on this? #Dufuschumer
Check your facts
Again, on your watch the last 8 years you and your party has done nothing about China. In the last two weeks, potus and China are talking
Hilarious from a political hack who's voted for every trade deal. #zerocredibility
Well said Trump....err Chuckie. You dims have nothing. Now stealing Trumps positions.
Gosh, you mean all those jobs that went to China and Chinese who obtained H1B visa's under Obama? Damn, you're stupid. #MAGA
Do you really believe that???
Well since he got patents there, why should he care.
You mean lefties have real jobs
I'm sure that's what he wants.. Makes sense. 
Pretty sure no one has labeled them that yet-why? I heard the have been "clean" about this for s few years now so what is the issue?
I believe that Over Regulations & Over Taxation does more to export jobs than China playing money games.
@TheDemocrats should continue to be #BuyAmerican @BernieSanders @HillaryClinton @AFLCIO @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @GOP #TrumpTreason
POTUS has too much family business in China. It's called conflict of interest. Can someone #impeach this red puppet?
Sir. Quit falling to the lowest common denominator. Put your efforts into engaging with citizens on positive changes to improve their lives.
ROFL oh so now you agree with candidate Trump
GO TO WORK AND DO SOMETHING USEFUL INSTEAD OF TREETING NONSENSE!
POTUS has China's support against NK and Russia. Looking good POTUS
Chuck, they aren't stealing a thing. It's the cyborgs you gotta watch out for...
Stay tough @SenSchumer #aca #russia #investigation
China obviously offered him a payout.
Ridiculous, inaccurate, wrong and totally political Senator.
its amazing how some chinese copyrights can give one perspective.
Chuck I can only afford Chinese  crap. Telling me to buy American when it is very hard to find. I think the problem is well past talk.
he is going to make so much money of this relationship chuck.  That would be bad for business.
Where was your concern when Obama let China do it for 8 years? You're pathetic
I'm a NY'er and I think we've lost.  We are under the thumb of an autocrat who only cares about making the US a subsidiary of the trump Org.
How do we stop him? He is a dangerous pathological liar and your republican colleagues support him.  I fear a nuclear war is near.
Hypocrit
Only the US is allowed to manipulate currency, from the Fed's creationism to tariffs.
Quick question: why haven't you been up in arms about this until now? If it upsets you so much, why not say anything sooner?
Has China ever been labeled a currency manipulator? #Hipocrisy #tcot #Obtsructionist #corruptpoliticians
Idiot
If you are so into labels why can't you say extreme Muslim Terrorists
Crooked clown says what? #draintheswamp #MAGA
Just another piece of campaign rhetoric that falls by the side. @GOP voted for a circus master and that's what they got.
I vote in NY.  Your post is wrong on several levels, I can't believe what you are doing.
@agavecorn G chucky if u could see his taxes it might clear it right up for u Also son in law has lots of money backed by China
and you wonder why upstate nyers hate you and don't want you up here ... stay in the city with your buddy Cuomo and the rest of the trash
Never heard Crying Chuckie complaining about last 8 years under Obama. All these Problems from Dem's-Obama....
They aren't a currency manipulator. @potus never should've said that. Just bc he's an ass doesn't mean you have to oppose everything he does
Hypocrite
Seriously sir you should adjust your medication - The new president has been saying that for years - WOW you are so so out of touch
You kinda suck Schumer stop fear mongering and work with our president.
He's been saying it for 2 years. Where the hell have you been? That was one of his most talked about topics
Did jackass Obama ever label China a currency manipulator?
Chuck, ssshhhhhhhhuuuUUUUSSSSHHHH!!!!
@POTUS been saying this for past two years. sch catch up with the Trump Train or zip the lip and stop embarrassing yourself. #UseLess
And his son makes business deals with them.
He's only been doing it for 25 years you #clown!
Will you never shut up.
He has said more about our policy towards China & what it s/b than any candidate or POTUS or Dem ever has.  U r late 2 the party Chuckie.
In the last 8 years neither you or the Obama administration made this a priority. Suddenly it's important to you???
That's a total lie! I'm sick of left criticizing Trump for wanting to build fair & respectable relationships with countries! Ridiculous!
Wow! I never heard you say this when Obama was the prez and they were doing this. Why now? Did you just realize that they were doing it?
Trump has no credibility unfit leader AKA Golfer in Chief
He's done that numerous times chuck. Get with it.
He makes great deals; he's the deal maker.
You seemed to be ok with this for at least the last 8 years.   Why the sudden "come to Jesus" moment?  Hack!
You really need to address what's in it for him? Didn't he just get the China okay to trademark his name?
I believe it was Hillary over there begging for money not long ago. #getreal
Ironically Irritating Irredeemable Irresponsibility
When you fail to care about your own state and charge us more and more you should RESIGN! TERM LIMITS!!!!
WHAT HAPPENED CHUCKY? YOUR RUSSIAN NARRATIVE EXPLODE IN YOUR FACE?????
OBAMA GAVE EVERYONE IN THE WORLD THE GREEN LIGHT TO TAKE ADVANTAGE AND DISRESPECT US! FINALLY AMERICA IS BACK!
Change story from Russia to Chinese lmao  You suck !! Resign fool
Hello? He had already stated that they were currency manipulators!!
Didnt he do this many times in his campaign?
Failure calling out some else's failure.
Actually, you guys did that the last 8 yrs! #ohthetimestheyareachangin
So,what have you done about it the last eight years?
Sure is funny that u just now figured this out cause it's been said for the last 8 years and u didn't notice
Wrong again as is normal for Schumer, just more crap coming out his mouth rather than his butt
Sounds like how you won't call the terrorists "Islamic Extremists".   You really are a piece of work, Chuckles.  #BullSchumer
It's what trump is doing with mar a lago trips and Melania's bachelorette pad so...
Perhaps you can come out from under the stone long enough to realize that has stated several times already by POTUS and before being POTUS.
Chuck----We know what you are.  Too bad the circus calling it quits! What will you do now??
Trump is a spineless worm who can't negotiate his way out of a paper bag! China is wiping the floor with that idiot!
Clown schumer really r u the one that will stand up against North Korea , it's all diplomacy dear Watson dah
For eight years of Obama I didn't hear him or you open your mouth about China. HYPOCRITES #China
they only started manipulating their currency 82 days ago right?
In case u forgot Obama was from ur brain dead party & had 8 years to label China a currency manipulatr & didn't. Where was ur criticism then
Where have I heard this before ... oh yeah... @realDonaldTrump
SORE LOSERS AND ARE DISRESPECTFUL TOWARDS ANYONE NOT A DEMOCRAT sad that this is how our country is run I'm ashamed of our government
But remember he personally will make big bucks from china
Right find something useful to do oh I don't know like DO YOUR JOB not run your mouth and talk trash I found one think out DEMOCRATS ARE
You gave our jobs to China
But they might let him build a hotel!
, he correctly labeled you as a clown.  He called China a currency manipulator 100x.  Name calling ineffective in deal making.
Idiot.
Really? Never heard you say anything about this before in your entire career, and it's not like it just started.
So thats why China stole our jobs the last decade. Thanks @BarackObama get off twitter Chuck do your job Utweet more than @realDonaldTrump
Where were u when u hero Obama was in charge, u chicken shits!
@Potus He is clearly in over his head.  China has the upper hand, Trump doesn't know what he doesn't know.
Disappointed in you. We need nuanced understanding of US-China issues, negotiations w/rigorous enforcement. Demonization is #Trumpist tactic
Why didn't your bitch do it when he was in office if it so important
LAUGHING ....Whatever Chuck
Tell me when Obama did what you say Trump never did. You can't! @realDonaldTrump #currencymanipulation
Chucky U need to Shutuppy!!!!! POTUS is taking China 2 task not like Ur God, Obama!
So this just started what 4 months ago
Let him do his job.
Shut up Chuck - since when has China been your issue. Stop stealing Republican talking points and focus on your LGBTQ and Filibustering
Maybe because him, his daughter and sons have their things made there. What happen to things being made in the USA he should set the example
If we put an import tariff on Chinese goods, as they do on America goods. It would level the playing field.
"Day one, Day one"
Chuckles talk it over a scorpion bowl with Lizzie
Trump has been saying that for two years chuck, now that he says nothing you find your voice, the liberals created this unfair trade policy
you beat your chest now but when we had a prez that was a coward you was silent you should have grown a set when obama was prez
Ain't that funny Chuck. Just what the hell did you, reid, pelosi and bho do when y'all had the power ..um..um o yeah......absolutely nothing
Oh senator just another SHINY OBJECT!!!
The first time I heard the word currently manipulator was during campaign used by Pres.Trump. You were  silent in Obama's 8 years why now?
Go fix your panty I mean party
Gfy
Are you the clown version of @harryreid2016
Dammit Chuck, don't ridicule the clown for forgetting to do a stupid thing he promised. Or is that a part of his platform you endorse?
This is the dem party now, Chuck is obviously part of the swamp.
Did your beloved Obama name China a currency manipulator? If he did the name would have remained &Trump could deal with them as he sees fit
Obama did nothing about it over the past 8 years? Obama didn't even acknowledge radical Islamic terrorism.
Dem denounced this during election. Now they seem to agree. Can the dem do something original?
Wow Chuck you sound just like Trump now
why didn't you say that before you demms praised Clinton signing NAFTA
Yeah, Obama did great bowing his way around the globe. I didn't see him dealing very well with China!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN? 
China gave him a trademark-he has to play nice with China- it's all about #45 making money-not leading-#45 first not USA
you have no common sense!  if China helps solve N Korea we need to give them something.  Think of costs if not solved!
Now you agree with Trump's campaign statements?
