This is false. Also, the only thing you're actually concerned about is that it's devastating to @BarackObama's legacy.
You have been lied to for so long by the GOP that you may as well work at a rug store. (Just trying to be civil.)
Not to honest rug merchants :-/
Those with more aren't obligated to pay for everyone else, if they were the Constitution might have mentioned it or you idiots might have
Managed to amend it...
Not the facts, state facts not twists and turns of the truth
U can fool a lot of the people sometimes, but U can't fool us all. Your rhetoric paints a story that just isn't true. Why don't U tell truth
UR NOSE IS SOOOO LONG.JUST LIKE HILLARY AND OBAMA.LIE,LIE,LIES....
What a hater. Nothing good to say about America and Dems offer no solutions on anything. Obamacare is bad . DEMS ARE BAD FOR AMERICA
YOU KNOW this patently UNTRUE WHY? do you continually lie through your teeth?
Democrat talking point not true
My daughter is on welfare and still has to pay that end of year tax? She was on ACA 4 months before welfare. She can't afford that!
He and entire admin has to go! You must impeach him.
Liar, stop scaring seniors with your fake BS! Shame on you! You're the worst senator NY has ever had!  @FoxNews
I'm middle income. My insurance premiums will go down. Obamacare is killing me with high premium and $5000 deductible.
Another Russian troll. You guys have been out thick. You scared that the nazi takeover will fail?
Hey sounds too much like the obamacare memo, you did get the new one right?
your devastating to the messed up Democratic Party
Bullshit. Resign Meatball
so was the ACA..but you forget the architect is on record as saying you had to appeal to the stupidity of the voters to get it passed
The government should get out of our healthcare
Ocare was worse
please resign now
This is exactly right. The House has admitted all of these things, even saying the young & healthy shouldn't have to pay for the old & sick.
I make $52k a year and a family of 4 Mr. Schumer. My premiums and deductibles are making me poor and my Dr. went out of buis. OBAMACARE
You're delusional if you think it's "all about a tax break for rich". Lots more work to do from Senate.
That is such a lie. What's up Chuckie?
Obama care is worse.
You took HC from people who paid their own way and gave it to others who hardly pay a dime if anything at all. Now the others can't afford
Chuck ... you are full of it  sad part is you are not a free think ... just a Party puppet. .. leaders tell the truth.
You really need to come up with some new narratives. "Tax breaks to the wealthy" is wearing thin. Time to come up with ideas, not narratives
It CAN NOT be worse than OBAMACARE.. I pay $852 a month for shit.
Lies lies lies. More nonsense from current leader of the party of Jim Crow. Ivory Tower Chuck "never worked a day in my life" Schumer
I'm older and your LIE to keep my Dr and Healthcare led to the opposite with #Obamacare #RepealObamacare #NoLegacyForBarack
what is devastating is OBAMACARE
NO that is the uneducated statement from someone who didn't read the bill. Sound familiar?
Chuck you couldn't care less about but yourself
Vote no on #Hatecare
#Trumpcare is only a theory. Only what is proven is #obamacare. Focus on the real facts right?
As for me, I am deeply a democrat; this is why I am in no way a socialist. Democracy and socialism cannot go together. #PCFACHISTS
As usual U are wrong.  Surely U have read the OB care bill by now. Nancy P gave you the chance.  Pass it then read it. TRUMP is right.
If you don't agree with the left then you are racist homophobe and other lies the DemocRATS WANT YOU TO BELIEVE
So what are you going to do about it Chuck, anything?
ObamaCare is killing us. We can't afford to pay the deductibles. Yet government employees get good health care. American voted for trump USA
That would.include u mr schumer! 
Wealthy living off tax payer $
So fed up with that tired line. It's about getting rid of that crap that is not working for older, middle income women. I AM ONE! I know.
Obamacare made us broke went from 0 copat to 65 went from 0 deduct to 6500
I checked it out seems good for me
I'm case you missed there is now no ACA plans available in Iowa. Many states have only 1 provider. The ACA was in its death throes.
Taking taxes back to where they were before NObamacare isn't a tax break for the wealthy. #fakenews
If you are not part of the solution @SenSchumer , you are part of the problem, go create an ACA that works.
DEMOCRAPS SEEM TO BE ALL LIARS AND HYPOCRITES
Chuck you are despicable  
.. can Trump fire you too
You  LIE ... Obamacare devastated my healthcare ...Repeal ACA now
And obamacare wasnt??
You dim wits have destroyed the middle class! Get real!
Affordable care act was devastating to me when I lost my insurance from a high risk pool in Maryland since it did not comply with aca rules
The democrats didn't care about Middle America now you are speaking up for them Where you when the veterans not getting care last 8 years
Why would we believe anything the loony liberals say? Just pass it so you can see what's in it. That's what dems do best!
*ahem* WOMEN, too! *cough*
Do you ever work?
HELP. Resist.
That is a LIE. Coming from an older, low income American woman. STOP LYING.
older American' get insurance.Vets get insurance to.Stop screwing over the middle class just to give to the poor.No tax breaks to wealthy
Chuck all you do is lie, anything is better than Obamacare

These Narcissistic Republican's make me Sick! Oppressing, and Killing the most vulnerable in America.
We want nothing to do with Obamacare ....Period As per Obama's own words.
Chucky
Do you have anything else to do on your desk jockey any other work for the state of New York that should be done could be done
Sir!! Have you read it??? I have. You lie!!! Mostly it only takes out the Obama taxes. Rest stays 90% same.
Stop with the misinformation. It saves insurance for people whose insurance would have been gone when Obamacare collapsed.
The high income people in this country pay up to 40% Federal income tax  doing more than their share
Go to Venezuela with that line. Leftists fed them that bull when they were wealthiest country in South America. Now they're all starving.
And that means VERY WEALTHY!
Over $200,000.  Disgusting!  
Brilliant analysis...  insurance is worthless if deductible and premiums are not affordable.
chuckie, you resort to scare tactics. shame on you
#ObamaCare is devastating to ALL Americans. It doesn't work. I pay loads of $$$ and big deductibles, but can't afford to see a Doctor
No it's not & I'm an older middle class American. Obamacare is a huge burden on  middle class. Can't use the care b/c the ductable so high!
Ifcall this is true, why not get to work with the GOP on making healthcare affordable and that covers everone who needs it. WORK IT
Someone close to @RepMarkMeadows office quoted him saying "the poor are hurt by this bill, but it doesn't matter because they don't vote."
ACA is devastating to my family Chuck. I want it repealed. #Independent voters!!!
Damn! 45's check must've cleared. Putinbot/trolls out in full uniform.
Watching to see what Democrats will do to protect Americans.
get back to me when my ACA 12.8 HMO deductible actually covers my kids away at college out of network #acafailure
There is no Trumpcare yet Sen Schumer or have u forgotten how a bill becomes a Law
It's not even in its final form and you're already crying why don't you help be a big boy put your big boy pants on
LIES, Obamacare is a Failure, enacted by you Democrats that destroyed healthcare in the USA, let Trump Fix it.
Proof?
But is that what is really does Chuckles or are you just being #fakenews?
Another total bogus Dem statement to control our lives.
I'm older chucky, tell us more or be quiet
It's your job to detail how and why. One tweet won't do it. Tweet facts until your fingers fall off. Take a page out of Trump's playbook.
You and warren and pelosi and Walters remaining in office is what's devastating to all Americans.
so Obamacare is okay?you've killed middle-class and just keep losing,obstructionism doesn't work we see what you're doing
And so what are you complaining about !!  More money. More money!   For the Dems
OBAMA care is an embarrassment for the Dems. 8 years and thats the best you could do? Total dud
Fight back.
No other reason? Off to a bad start with the bipartisan thing you are

Well gee, I am all of those! This must not pass. I really don't want to be devastated. #stoptrumpcare
Yes we know old people will have to eat dog food kids will go hungry people will die ,people will lose their house , we have heard it all !!
Do something about it! #WhiteHouseLies #SallyYatesMyHero #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
Well Obamacare was devastating to a lot of people that actually pay their own way. Your rhetoric is getting old chuck
BREAKING NEWS Anything the GOP proposes or enacts "gives a tax break to the wealthy". MORE BREAKING NEW:The wealthy, like u, don't pay taxes
Show us where and provide examples Senator. You've offered no proof. With the bill in the Senate you can make a difference, a good one? Hope
"It's going to benefit the wealthy" is the oldest line in the Democratic playbook. #AHCA
Stop your fear mongering.  You have no idea what the final bill will look like.  You're just trying to stir up shit.
your acting like "Trumpcare" is law already. So I guess you meant Obamacare is devastating to older Americans....
Hey Chuck, we love you but stop rattling off words that are put in your mouth. Roll up your sleeves like you have always done and help...
GO FIX IT INSTEAD OF COMPLAINING!
Why call it #trumpcare when it involves no "care"? #trumpdontcare or #trumpdeathplan is more accurate
And we want them to pay for it.
Now, we want the same healthcare that all of the Gop have.
Obamacare is the one that devastating older Americans, even raised my vet bill with his taxes on everything to support this crap
Honest to God, I don't know how they can look in the mirror at night.
If you lie like chucky does day in day out you begin to believe your lies don't worry God is watching and you can't fool him thank God. Ohio
I'd like to believe you, but God sure lets a lot of people get away with a lot of things!
Judgement day is coming
Chuck, please ask for a CBO score for the House AHCA (Trumpcare) ... we need to compare March and May and the Senate version
To all Americans, Sen. Shumer..
You are a #liar OCare devastated ppl as well but you've put your head in the sand and won't admit it #repeal
Instead of whining, complaining and obstructing, sit down and work out a plausible solution with the Republicans.
More lies. Is not even a bill yet so you are only guessing and telling lies to fake out the people
They'll will see once takeaways begin! 27% of Americans have pre-existing conditions and we'll be gouged by the insurance cartel #deathcare
Chucky stop scaring seniors and stop lieing to all Americans. How can you say dems waunt to work with republicans when you lie to us alltime
Please stop with the always wealthy words That dog don't hunt anymore chuckie Cause u r the party that has been taxing the working man
The ACA was prohibitively  expensive  for most of middle class America, and  you shoved that down our throats.
Pls see Cornyn & Cruz removed from GOP Health Care panel. Their misogynistic attitude towards Yates not a good sign for women's heath issues
Tax cut for wealthiest Americans with the minimum amount of health care wrapped around it.
Chuck,, at what point do you shut your mouth and start to work with people to make this better instead of criticizing everyone & thing ????
He doesn't get it Chucky doesn't waunt Americans to do better at what point will new York not elect Chucky for all Americans. 109days nothin
You're wrong Obamacare given me nothing grief for 2 years. Peddle your garbage somewhere else. Veterans dying but you don't care about that
No morals repugs
Support #hr676 #MedicareForAll
How so??
I think everyone needs a tax break - not just the wealthy. How about reducing the size/scope of govt for once? #MAGA
I'm middle class. And I need my money to take care of my family. Not for you all to spread as you wish.
Older people who have set standards in practices that violate Laws. Startup err at ABA. Piss&prints biometrics degree verification all:88'©™
Slang for @US_FDA approved @DEAHQ abuses screenings act  @IDFPR same standards @usedgov  ignored by migrants subjected to same degree ©™®
Fix it and then everyone's happy! Or do you just like to bitch at the other party and do nothing?!!
Not just the " tax break" Trumpy & pals are pocketing  $$$ He also wants to ramp up US military activity Please STOP HIM.
U don't even know what's in it lol. It's not even finished, just a draft. So ur lying. It will be changed like 20 times still. Shaddup
What? And Obamacare wasn't? You make me laugh. Just bc it comes out of your mouth doesn't make it true.
Women who are over 50 and middle or low income are screwed by this plan as drafted.
Chuck the older folks are on Medicare gezz get with the program Most don't want government healthcare or hear you talk for that matter
Did you understand that over 50 to age of Medicare those people will see huge increase
What do they have now ?
Try looking at Kaiser foundation. Org .  Everything I Read says the AHC will increase for most Americans. Whatever plan they have  up cost
Government healthcare only solution is to repeal the law and get out of healthcare Healthcare should not be run by the government
Agreed,need Dems to be more VISIBLE,NEED TO MARKET AS WELL AS GOP-unified message,repeated many times daily in interviews,ads #StepItUpDems
It's going to get worse, Sen. Schumer:
Good! I want to be in my own. Stop meddling with healthcare, you've only made it worse.
don't listen to GOP please.
STOP THEM. IMPEACH ILLEGITIMATE, THIEVE. SHE WON STOLE HER PRESIDENCY  PRISON FOR ALL FOREVER,,RYAN, MCCONNELL HELPED HIM .
Fight back.   It is not right.
It's #TrumpNoCare
. I agree sen.Schumer. please please help us not to lose our Healthcare. And Medicare too. 
financial analysis too prove your point please.
No shock that you're a Russian troll spreading hate and propaganda! Blocked!
The party of Christian values would prefer Americans just pray for good health instead of providing good healthcare! #singlepayer
you sound ignorant. hopefully not.
You're a lying sack Schumer! Lie, lie, lie! Hate monger.
The States are already stressed will fill Emergency departments constantly Alcohol sales increase Steven Hawkins is right move to the moon
whio is supposed to get tax breaks? the bottom 49% of income earners that pay no income tax? the top 20% of earners pay 84% of income taxes
Don't forget freebees for illegal. Felons. Your voters
BC/BS is the ONLY ins. co. in #WY and .@SenatorEnzi &.@SenJohnBarrasso get camp. $$? If ACA is repealed - where do I go? #TuesdayThoughts
