Is this like cooperating on Obamacare?
You lie, hate, obstruct, attack and you want a response? I'll give you one:
where is this proposal if it exisited since the Dems own the media and like to spit shit it would be all over, another failed tax and spend
yeah, he'll get right to that the same way Reid buried every bill conservatives proposed....F/U chuck
Really? ? First time WE have heard about it!!
You, @SenSchumer are such a LIAR. Pathetic.
Not too much to ask. Americans know we don't always get what we want. We want a deal for us. Americans are Fair, but were not stupid.
When Fake American Native Warren starts telling you what direction your party needs go. It may be too late for the Dems Shed the Socialists
So what, Cry Baby? We are still waiting for a LOT OF THINGS FROM THE SENATE! U want some cheese with ur whine, panty waist? #CrybabySchumer
Yup. Republicans have the reins and we can't get a thing done. So unfair...lol #TheResistance
Pretty dumb if u believe Trump is not getting anything done. He is unravelling loser Obama's executive orders. We now have a conservative SC
So then he's "un-doing" not doing. #TheResistance
Chuck if your leadership doesn't return to your roots (center center right) your going to loose to the progressive socialists.
Wait, Barack already sent billions & billions of dollars for shovel ready jobs. We are $20 trillion in debt, send smart bills to the @POTUS
Mr. #Unfit doesn't want to work with you, Senator. He's a fascist ideologue who supports Nazis - deep in his craven, blackened heart.
Couldnt agree with u more. Chuck should be easy to defeat next election
I don't want Chuck defeated; Republicans defeated. But it is time for younger politicians to enter the fray. Still, honor the experience.
Please stop treating him like a President and more like the money laundering traitor that he is.
I personally dont care for Trump but calling him a traitor is ridicioulas.
I would consider him a traitor. He is failing to protect our sovereignty and free elections from  influence. Isn't that enough?
He really needs to put down the golf clubs and do some work for the country (as opposed to constantly promoting his own business interests).
What happened to your 8 years of "shovel ready jobs"
Keep waiting CHUCKLES
Can only imagine what that proposal had in it and all the strings attached to it.
hey @SenSchumer you LOST, "you can come along for ride, but you gotta get in the back of the bus"...sound familiar? #MAGA
Uh
Chuck dig into your own pocket to fix things you've used enough of my money. You rich hypocrite.
NO RUSSIA DIDN’T MEDDLE IN THE ELECTION.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DEh_1BcSrfMapLeat0tQ0I8-5-qSZsQguzy9ZJ43p_I/edit?usp=sharing …  #demdestruction #GOPDESTRUCTION
What makes u think yours is so great if so why didnt u give it to Obsma
And we the people are still waiting for the disastrous Obamacare to be repealed & replaced! !!
and money in your pockets. that is why you care
Put in out false news about what he does doesn't speed up the process
I thought you spent almost two trillion on shovel ready infrastructure  jobs. Why are the roads and bridges already fixed???
Emty promises frrom demo party . Something will never change
where was your better deal for the last 8.5 year, did you rename #RawDeal to #ABetterDeal
Americans are by in large centrist, slightly right or left. We want a unified congress. We want the benefit of the product of both parties.
You should be calling for Trumps resignation after today's events. My patience with this disaster has expired.
If it's up to Pence..forget it.  He left IN with pothole golf, decaying bridges, and a crumbling neighborhoods.
Your beloved Obama had 8 years to make repairs. All he did was put us another 10 trillion in debt & give 100 billion in cash to Iran. #MAGA
You mean "gave #Iran's illegally withheld 100 billion dollars BACK AFTER DECADES"
right?! 
#IranFirst
What ever J, can't reason with stupid
OK then let's see if readers of your #FakeNews tweets can find the REASON behind your SMART #Zionist #Hasbara BS! 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iranian_frozen_assets …
Maybe you should be doing your own job rather than bashing the President of the USA. Seems like you spend your time wooing the media 24/7.
@BarbaraRacek @POTUS I am afraid as another gentleman stated, that you will "wait until hell freezes over" Sorry #TheResistance
Limit his tv hours and tweets do he can do his homework  that's the POTUS
Exactly right! POTUS needs to read reports and stop watching tv.
Could someone who speaks Trumpian translate #ABetterDeal to Trump?
Guess not all got the message in your party, Warren preaching differently! Dem party cant even be consistant!
It's good you sent it to him because @POTUS is #ABetterDeal and can #MAGA!
YOUR PROPOSAL HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH http://ANYTHING.YOU  ARE NOT THE PARTY IN OFFICE=PRES TRUMP.????
no surprise...it proves the only way this administration can work is through inaction, no bipartisanship.
Really? Perhaps it is stuck in Congressional hell.
You libtardz havent had an idea since before clinton...Kennedy was the last great Democrat
Funny chuckue, that was one of his campaign promises. You trying to rip off the Pres. to make it look like your udea?
Why should he give u what u want, u haven't helped him at all.
With democrats leading it I highly doubt it. It's more like the big give away. Friggin thieves.
Why not work together? WTH is your proposal??? Bullshit Chuck Bullshit
Ugh. NO
@SenSchumer why do you continue to lie to the American ppl?  President Trump has already got a great plan that you Dems are trying to steal!
And you will keep waiting. Probably because it rapes the money from the pockets of the American People.
you don't have a better deal yours includes more taxes.Stop lying to the people we know whats going on you don't care.No trust
YOU ARE ON VACATION.
no
I wouldn't respond to you either
He's pitiful, just pitiful!!!!
You only want more handouts. Trump has created more jobs than the dems ever has.
You act like you are the @potus chuck with your demands and ridiculous proposals. Didn't you ever learn speak when yoi're spoken to?
Of course you are !
Any blood shed or loss of life over the Tangerine Terror's ineptitude is on the hands of the @DNC
Just think, if you hadn't screwed over Sanders for HRC, none of this would've happened.
Oh shit! Here comes another pass it to see what's in from the left. WTH
It's only a good deal employ America goods &  services & not allow deals like BMW & Mercedes did with bringing in foreigners workers on visa
The reason for no response is that nobody trusts you.
You liars had 8 yrs to do something  for working people and chose to do nothing ! Close your mouth chuck.
Infrastructure, "that's an easy one".  Gee, didn't he say that about healthcare as well?  When you don't know what you're doing all is easy.
And a ton of pork
If you really have a plan show the public.  It's one step more than republicans have
If your proposal was more than half a page, he hasn't seen it.
#ABetterDeal is a horrible tag line!! Stop using it! Find something original please
Chuck ,You're just another old swamp demonrat
TRUMP IS the best president ever
You're on vacation ,you have some nerve ,mouth
NA/AA is a phone call away.
Discuss with Ryan since spending bills are suppose to start in the House.

Don't give up on Russian interference/collusion arguments-Treason, Money laundering, Foreign entanglement in state biz unacceptable #unfit
That we already know all his plan to change the conversation  about Russia probe now Trump used war against N.korea to distract from Russia
Threaten N.korea was is another distraction from Russia probe he realized that he used whatever he got to distract people  from Russia probe
He is trying to replace Blumenthal to kill Obama care every Democrat should say no to Trump nommation
So much for creating jobs for the middle class.
Please get that word out Senator.
Just work on impeachment proceedings, please. Thank you from America. #TheRes
A better deal, huh. I guess that means it will cost me $20,000 instead of $10,000. For health insurance I can't use. Liberal logic.
He does NOT READ! You may have to call him.
Hahahaha it's funny y'all expected his ass to actually work.
DEMOCRATS NEVER COME UP WITH BETTER DEALS THEY ONLY HELP SPECIAL INTEREST LINE DEMOCRATS POCKETS
Maybe he has not responded because he is not a legit POTUS.
We still waiting for a reepel and replace of the Obama care, no I su rance and paying fines!
chucky you couldn't come up with a good plan for a out House
He was too busy trying to fix the healthcare problem thst your party created
as good as Obamacare? there's no wonder he won't be getting back to you. Keep ur doctor! Lower premiums! What load a crap are u pushing now?
Unfortunately all those things are luxuries we can no longer afford. We have to pay on our wall-lay-away-account.
He will say along with @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan that Dems don't want to help and are obstructionists. Tired of Reps. rhetoric. Vote 2018
Keep calling 45 out on his bullshit.
I'd love to see hourly tweets like this from all Democrats calling 45 out.
He IS UNFIT.
Send the plan to the citizens. Let everyone know what the Dems have in mind.
Should be thrown out the door.First support health care legislation than have any of dem requests passed.
Now he's saying he will exclude you. What a guy.
@SenSchumer how about we focus on getting @POTUS out or there won't be a country left to care about. Really, get to work on that.
Maybe your proposal sucks ? 
Try working together. #partisanbullshit. #overit #demshavedestroyedoureconomy
The same way that the @SenateGOP refused to work with @BarackObama is the same way @realDonaldTrump is refusing to work with @TheDemocrats
Under Obama, tuition rises 4X inflation. Banks & Big Education lobby lead to $1.3T in bankruptcy proof student loans w/high int%  @cspanwj
Golfing is more important... 
He doesn't read Chuck. Might has well been bullet points.
Keep waiting..he's busy distracting from Russiagate and waaaay too busy playing golf.
Send it in a red envelope instead of a blue one next time and maybe he'll read it
He has to get approval from Putin first.
Don't you get it Schumie, nobody cares what do or say. Wake up and eat your Wheaties.
Why doesn't he ever mention this?
Why aren't Dems on TV more MSNBC telling their side of things?  People need
to hear this.
Thanks Chuck !! DT is occupied with "druggies", self-congratulating, FAKE statistics,  oh ....  and nuclear show DPRK ...
Dude we love you but this "A Better Deal" slogan is just not gonna take off.
What about sending it to your Governor? I get what you do nag agree with most. You are better than that ass hat. Mayor of NYC
But hold on...nuclear option still on table obviously
Barron has been too busy to read it to him.
Probably taking the Dems lead and is #Resist ing.
Who is obstructing now?
Send it to the media! Let's get people talking about it! Only way to get Trump to review is to name every bridge after him ;-p
Silly Boy!
He's much too busy tweeting from the time he gets up to actually look at legislation, oh yeeah, then golfing after
Hey Schumer what did u do the last 8 years with potus nothing
Not worth responding to...get it passed in Congress, ie, your effing job, and then we can talk.
Maybe you ought to be working with GOP and put some bills forward instead of trying to tell them what they are going to do like last 8 years
So hold press conferences, rally's and PR events outside of Congress. U folks need a marketing team, Jesus!
Why aren't u on the daily and Sunday news shows pushing this fact?!!!!!
Right behind health care & tax reform. Support & speed-up to get to infrastructure.
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan If 45 w/stop GOLF & 2020 RALLIES, SOME work might get done? LOWEST rated president!
As a New Yorker I am very proud of my Senators. The fight goes on.
#Potus can't read!!
More like #ARawDeal
He probably can't read that much and threw it out!
Was it more that half a page long?
He's to busy trying to blow up the world!
If he cared about the middle working class, he wouldn't be supporting a health care and a tax plan that rewards top 2% like himself!
Why won't @GOP invoke the 25th? Because they have #kompromat on pretty much all of them. Trump goes down, they go down. Russian $ baby!
- you have no power here, !!

@POTUS
Chuck, listen babe...
 You're not going to get a response. Why do you wait? Get off your asses and get this lunatic impeached. Love you. 
Not surprised
Don't hold your breath !
Hopefully it fit into a tweet, because he can't read anything longer than 144 characters.
Apparently Trump isn't going to make it simple.
All pork projects. Dem don't know how to spend responsibile.
Did you send the proposal as a tweet or Fox News? Otherwise he won't see it.
I don't know what you mean because is the same idea My President say and you like always you putting Stone on his way to make difficult
I hear ya Senator, but you just talk and do nothing. Time to actually work with this Prez because you don't have a choice right now.
You'll be waiting 'til hell freezes over. You don't deserve a response.
Didn't Trump promise those contracts to China?
Good 2 know. You guys need to speak out more. Shoulda been defending the ACA LOUDLY!  And when they claim it's dying Dems should b saying no
: USA needs infrastructure. Use present revenue to build across the USA. No more tax cuts for 1%. #USinfrastructure

How much of the money Dems be skimming off the top the deal must not have been very good
You've got to get rid of him.
where was your proposal to help the coal steel auto million more out of work.i should you got your company line up to bid on the work.
Chuck, Americans are over regulated and over taxed can you try to do something about that?
Prepare for a long wait if you want our infrastructure repaired.  Long enough to get a Democratic Congress. Tax cut 4 1% comes first & last.
Too bad!! No help on healthcare no seat @ the infrastructure table!! Loser!!!!
What happened the last eight years?
Mr Schumer. You sent over trumps agenda why answer when Dems used all his talking points. Dems have no new ideas just copy others.
No one in White House can read it to him...too complicated.
If you'd put #FoxAndFriends as the return address, he might have gotten to it by now.
Well start getting the message out that DT is the one being nonresponsive...not Dems!
It's probably in a folder somewhere
@normangoldman hey Chuck... good idea with a lame name. Hire a marketing firm and don't try to trump Trump
If it was more than 1/2 page and didn't have @realDonaldTrump written all throughout he probably didn't read it.
Right now, what's most important even over an infrastructure bill is curtailing Trump's authority to launch missiles! #25thAmendmentNow
Yeah ... he's trying to find a way to outsource that work ... instead of hiring U.S. contractors ...
Senator Schumer, I think you need a better marketing company for the democrats.  "A Better Deal" slogan is not going to cut it.
Chuck. Love ya but you do know who you are dealing with, right?
POTUS is pathetic
What's Trump's hold up? Oh. He's golfing.
January? I doubt it? Dems came up with the Better Deal slogan last month! And are talking last 10 days of Jan? Where you just obstructed!
Our system of checks and balances can remove this dangerous man from office.  Isn't it about time we did so?
Don't hold your breath!
TRUMP does not want to work with Democrats in fact he don't want to work with Republicans and wants to do it all himself. To bad
Because u don't have a clue. U already passed that road. Repeal OC and do tax reform
He's busy tweeting and golfing and eating the most beautiful cake..he'll get right on that!
