But we cannot banish evil from the earth. Congress can’t do that. Presidents can’t do that.
What Congress can & must do is pass laws that keep our citizens safe, starting w/ laws to help prevent guns frm falling into the wrong hands
We will continue to mourn until brave representatives put human life before the gun lobbies.  #nomoreguns
I know you won't take care of anyone!You can't even get people and judges passed through,what makesyouthink that you are going to lend ahand
and then do nothing after everyone has positioned themselves as appalled by what happened #sitonhands
We will, and should, implement common sense #guncontrol 
#GunControlNow
Yet here in Kentucky our governor is saying evil killed 58 people and injured hundreds, that it’s not a gun issue. Lord help us.
Thank you for not politicizing this and using it as a wedge issue to divide.
You forgot:
We will get safer gun control
Yup, and will do that over and over again...
You and Hillary and NANCY have created suffering such as this.  Just in a different way.  God will judge all of you!
How about getting rid of Orangutan Face
Thoughts for those injured and lost in Las Vegas tragedy are respected. However nothing can be positive until we stop the NRA.
How is taking guns from people going to help when it’s unconstitutional
We want the freedom not to be killed by the 2nd Amendment.
If GOP is ok with killing 6 years old... they are ok with this...NRA pays big$$$ for no gun control ..
Do something about it!
....and then unfortunately be able to do nothing about the problem.
Yes.  Thanks for this appropriate post devoid of cheap political grandstanding.
How in the hell u going to holler gun control when they can turn to making bombs..SMH
But will you do anything about the cause?
Schmuck all talk no action
okay sounds good
U people hollering gun control are ignorant look at Chicago? They have gun control there and they have the highest murder rate in history!!

What Congress won't do is take meaningful action on assault weapons.
LIAR!!!
Love don't live here anymore. It's time for action and you can make long lasting legislation happen. We can build a more perfect union today
Thank you, Senator. We need your faithful leadership.
Do it with gun control!
#GunControlNow
More fake tears chuck ?
Like you do senator. The seem to think less critical and more emotional and then drop the microphone and cry like babies stamp their feet
Will you stop your NWO bullshit?
You gonna call for GUN CONTROL at the same time you're calling for Democrat supporters to fight in the streets?  Good luck with that...
You sir are an American SCAB! That just won't heal!  You NEED TO GO!
ACT LIKE YOU CARE...took you a while to respond...guess you find it hard to use kind, compassionate words!  RETIRE!
I also believe in the second amendment and do not think it supports the NRA stance on weapons.  People surely do not need armor piercing bullets.  And before I forget it #ImpeachTrumpNow
We as in who Chuck? Seems to me the left, of which you are a large part, has been far too close to the cause of these recent events.
How proactive.
You know that the liberals are responsible they have been on a rampage since the election beating smashing and now shooting idiots
Ya know what would help us in Vegas? Is you would shut your mouth, like you care! Pfft
Pass gun legislation.
The collective cant prove that mandatory population inflation would be less expensive. Or that releasing criminals is better for us. Or
Thank you for not politicizing this. I don't usually agree with you, but i can appreciate your humanity.
SURE Chuck ? They have Blocked My Posts 4 Twelve  Hrs Plus  I'm as little bitch in their miiind
Bind up and heal the party divide and promote spirit of unity not obstructionism fueling anger.
Criminals don't give a crap about laws.. They get them underground.. Gun laws only hurt innocent people who wish to defend themselves.
And perhaps TRY 2 pass Gun control legislation?
Time for a change!!
And then what? Closing the holes in weak state gun laws like Indiana? Eliminating assault rifles? Outlawing silencers? Do the job senator!
Oh and let's not forget the gun stockpilers. 8 guns on avg per gun household. Seems high. How many have 10? 20? 30? More? Why? Why indeed.
Chuck when will we change gun laws that allowed this man to purchase as many guns as he wanted. It allows open carry even in a bar.Stop this
Introduce bill creating a law preventing elected officials from voting on any action that effects organizations that lobbied them with cash
Healing wounds is Not ENOUGH. Stop gun access. This is insanity. Who the hell needs assault weapons ON THE STREETS OF THE USA.
no matter what you do, you can't control a humans actions, though I'm sure you'd like to.
While trumps giving guns2mental health&next felons when do we stop the madness his family didn't No if he had it people hide it
We don't want anymore injured or death!!!  No guns in the hands of society....no guns no shooting!
we need stricter gun control. Please.
Why would anyone believe you. Your actions say otherwise
You can "bind up this national wound" by taking real legislative action #GunControlNow
u are a dog chuck... we know when you lie... your lips are moving
Will we also introduce gun control laws that will pass? Stop the @NRA
Will never happen, but good try!
Oh sir, talk, talk, talk focus on repeal of Obamacare, tax relief denounce antifa and other disruptors.  U may be a dem u stl work for all
Please fighting
Please fight for BAN on ASSAULT GUNS.
Any of you - all those of you who have taken money from the @NRA HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS.  THIS IS A NATIONAL DISGRACE - NOT A WOUND.
And in ten days America will forget all about it as the Republican whores pocket their big checks from the NRA.
We need to stand up to #NRA. Regulations on silencers shouldn't be removed. #GunContolNow #LasVegasMassacre
Platitudes, cant and a really stupid trademark look. You are the poster child for what we the people despise about congress.
And do absolutely nothing to prevent the next one.
But how many more will die senselessly?
But not before we shut down the new NRA enabling legislation. Gun control. NOW!
At the same time we must make military-style, automatic rifles and ammunition illegal for private use.  #NoMilitaryGuns #GutsNotGuns
But not enough to redistribute wealth so we can have SOME self respect in the last chapter of our lives... You should be ashamed of yourself
Non of whom can have a reasonable lengthy conversation about any one of these topics without name calling or getting very emotional or cryng
we can't while you are in office! VOTE HIM OUT!
If you think guns should be banned than do you want alcohol banned because people commit crimes while drunk? No one blames alcohol for that.
Maby dems and leftist media cnn wash post Colbert Kimmel snl shouldn't of been calling for violence antifa should of been condemned
Comprehensive gun control legislation is the only way to stop this unending chain of escalating violence. NRA or American lives? Choose now!
Get to work on gun regulations instead. Don't let issue off front burner. These gun crazy ppl are going to continue to gust innocents. Act!
More restrictions on back ground checks and who can carry! That is what we need
Contrary to popular belief hopes & prayers won't work.
Gives? Give tax breaks to those who dont pay tax? So you seem like your helping but not really helping anyone. The jokes on you or us.
@SenSchumer By taking care of the injured, that means #GoFundMe accounts. Right?
You will make this political before bodies cold. You will lose 2018
How?  Congress won't do a damn thing about this (not on you obviously).  Call the NRA a terrorist organization.  Do it publicly!
We can control guns, get rid of them , change laws! Enough with the excuses , enough with “ thoughts and prayers” do something . Now
Until the next national wound. You people, our "leaders"? You've all failed us for years. Guns should be incredibly difficult to obtain.
Will you take responsibility when it turns out to be a liberal nut you, party & Fake News incited ? Or the gun did it ?
Great BS chuck/no one believes Uor democrats/same rhetoric/ democrats have no soul/ just evil corrupt obstructionist who play on tragedy 
Who's the "we," Sen. Schumer? It surely isn't our POTUS, who will undoubtedly use this new wound to further divide us.
"And we will not attempt to politicize this tragedy to further our agenda."

Oh wait, nevermind, that's exactly what you did.
...and we will do everything we can to get the NRA out of the government.
#GunContolNow #EnoughIsEnough 
That these hashtags are trending in 2017 is fucking #PATHETIC. @GOP #VOTETHEMOUT
Or that guns kill. The collective has yet to provide health insurance that is affordable. Or jobs, or even that allowing illegals in works.
And then wait for the next terrorist attack. Without gun control  the slaughter continues.
These words mean nothing. You and the Democrats have to do st about gun control. Enough with the thoughts and prayers.
Until the next time. And the next, and the next. If 20 6yr old babies dying at their desks didn't give us gun controls nothing ever will.
No solution from the big brain schumer. ATF is failing you politicians. Why haven't you made a case for illegal weapons? Why banning
We the ppl will commit 2 not vote 4 another politician who opposes sensible gun control and we stop begging congress, NRA & gun worshippers
Chuck won’t do shit he will wait for someone else to do anything. Only Trump shows action a true American they just talk and talk and talk
start with being less nasty and insulting in your political discourse
nice words, but that's ALL they are. You always TRY to say the right things but NEVER back them up
How much blood did you give Chucky?
Gun reform
But we will not pass meaningful gin safety laws because we are all afraid of the big bad terrorists of the NRA #guncontrolnow
Great Chuck, how about we actually do some process improvement and eliminate the threat of automatic weapons in the hands of crazy people.
When will we implement gun control?
How bout we pass serious gun control on assault rifles?
And WE THE PEOPLE WILL DOOM THE DEMOCRATS, The Party of HATE!!
That's what you say now chuck. But the moment is has potential trump negativity you'll open the wound deeper to gain ground
But when it's all over its over for you.
Just in time for another wound to form...enough is enough. This NYer demands action. #GunContolNow
Weak Chuck really weak the gun lobby owns congress sickening
AND stop gun manufacturers/ NRA bribing GOP for profits
what we need is preventative care. We receive incentives for wellness checks, whats the price for checking automatic  weapons? #MandalayBay
Nobody is into the collective. Not one country on this planet. The collective cant prove collusion, or tax cuts for the poor would work.
This shooting is absolutely caused by the msm and the democrats.
Running a govt without a budget is best for the collective. Or even why planned parenthood is best for the collective. Or gender free bathrm
What are you planning to do Chucky???

U & @TheDemocrats are using this for political gain!
In all of your years in Congress what the hell have you done??? Please tell me Crying Chuck
This is what the democrats do they promote this kind of shit, they are EVIL people!
Good Senator.  Do something MORE! Stand against the NRA.  Enuf is enuf.  Gun rights?  What about the rights of the 59 killed?!
Thank you President Schumer! We feel better now
You don't give a flying fuck about this country! Why aren't you in Chicago? Oh yeah because it's blacks killing blacks!
Then pass gun control legislation.
Nice sentiment but we need congressional action #GunControlNow  #GunControlNow #GunControlNow #GunControlNow

No guns, know peace.
How about you show those who are attacked n die #GunControlNow. Don't wait, do something that you were voted in to do "work"
How about you start talking about gun control? Grow a pair and try to save a life.
Please ask NRA for a big money donation...
Not until you get your "colleagues" to actually do something.
How?

Hopefully you will also do your job and get this country some real gun control laws #GunControlNow
America is LIVID at Liberal traitors who are selling the SOUL of our country. Eliminate the SOURCE of evil vs the symptoms? It takes BRAINS.
And we will send more guns to #Israel to kill more Palestinian kids......that's the #American way

Hopefully with legislation that bans assault weapons
But congress can do gun control legislation every session until common sense prevails&it is passed.Internet&gun shows have no controls.
Why don't we pass some laws on gun control - that would be real love
Bind it up and forget about it until it happens again, right Chuck?
Stop allowing these wounds! We need gun control...now!
Why is it legal as a civilian to own an AR-15, he passed the background? Trust me they arent using it for protection #gunreform
And hopefully you mean that! For some reason I don't believe you!
Until the next one, right? It’s time for both side of the aisle to get on board and stop this abuse of the #2ndAmendment
Gun control Chuck!
Never too late!
Common Sense Gun Laws!

...and then we will do nothing.
Alert : Schumer bag of do nothing wind ... getting nauseated hearing him try to be a leader Very weak ... few ideas ... little co-operation
Fix the problem enough dead to mourn
When????
But will you introduce gun control laws in the Senate?
Yes, but reasonable magazine laws and regulation. Kits should be illegal.
Dems need to get their act together, take back control of both houses and pass gun control.
And will u pass real gun regs? 2nd amendment speaks of "well regulated militia".Private owners are not part of militia & where are regs?
The word collective says it all. This word is very partisan. Very divisive. And very intentional. Try being more bipartisan. Use other words
But what will we do about it? What will YOU do about it? What will the @GOP and @SenateDems @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr do about it???
Nothing nothing at all
What you can do is fight for sensible gun rights, call out the Repub congress people who allow someone to own assault rifles. #GunContolNow
But will we do anything to stop it?
I'm sorry but people hide their mental health especially men he's not going to show he's family or friends trust me I know
Come on, call for gun control. Put your evil colleagues on the ropes. Show the country the @GOP is responsible for this endless madness.
We will take care of the injured? Have your GOP counterparts agreed to fully fund the ACA & stop sabotaging it? GOP would let them die
Now that is LEADERSHIP 
Sounds like you came to your senses
How about taking on the NRA? Now THAT might bind up some wounds
Illegal guns kill each year? Where is your tears for that? What about innocent by standers who get hit with stray bullets from illegal guns
You will?  We would love to see that.
shooting is part of antifa deep state plot to overthrow  government meant to coinside with 100th anniversary of Russian revolution
...and, once again, ignore the solution. #HowCanYouSleep
Same old same old let’s pretend it never happened.
Not enough.
How?
Yes, but will we start getting real about gun control and standing up to NRA & weapons manufacturers? #NRATerrorism
Yes we will,  they won't have the $ to pay med bills, in this country his right to bear arms is coveted over the right to afordable Med care
Hey chucky, why do majority of murders occur in Dem controlled areas ?
