Remember, Candidate Trump promised to fix America’s crumbling infrastructure, pledging a $1 trillion-plan to do it.
they're screwing trump and the American public to by blocking everything he does
Given there is no God he may have found a loophole there.
How do you know there isn't a God?
God told me.
If there is no God then how did he tell you? Funny man. Wishing you blessed day
DT is the greatest scumbag President of all time. I knew he was trying to con us from the beginning. ♡ ya @SenSchumer
And #ISIS would be history within #trump100days.  He set the bar so high with lies, and now it's all coming back to bite him.
Looks like he is doing pretty good job so far at working on that what I can see
GOP controls the 3 branches of govt and Trump still can't get anything done -- don't blame Dems!  Obama was blocked by GOP for 8 yrs!
Please!Stand up!Get this guy out! He is dangerous!I as an AMERICAN look at you-Congress you r not in tune w/ the American people
Tuned into more than crazy Dem and libs
What did you and the dems do in 8 years more welfare and food stamps and more debt some leader u are
He's created more jobs in 100 days than the Democrats have. Talk talk talk,do something!!
When are you going to become an American and quit being a political troll?
All his promises are broken as he has filled the swamp with his billionaire buddies. Ask him where the remainder of inaugural money is?
OMG and you think the send are not loaded? Got their money from all of us
He hasn't even hired 85% of his own staff.
They're mostly unnecessary positions it's called cost cutting
Oh that's right you are the expert.
Keep up the good work Senator 10034
Yeah keep up the work making dems look worse and worse. Time to resign you're all thieves and liars.
We'll see who wins in the end grandpa....
HA you haven't even got the gender right so yeah we'll see

This is despicable, making jokes about people dying from cancer. Without planned parenthood women suffer, no checks on servical cancer!
Have you used PP 4 something other than to get abortion?
I haven't used PP, cause my Dutch health insurance covers all of those costs, if necessary. Abortion isn't the only PP thing, budget cut.
Oh you are not even an American.  HA
He has done more in the last 100 days, to help the legal American citizens, than the past administration did in 8 years. U lying hypocrite!!
You mean separating Mexican mothers from their US children; getting Gorsuch confirmed that is a no-no in CS; you a better health insurance?
Illegal is illegal, if they cared about their family, they would not be doing anything against the law. Their problem!!!!!!!!!

The only broken promise is the Libs who said they would accept the outcome of the election. Face it you lost. Takes time to drain the swamp
What I don't see it. Jobs coming here more than ever before. What have you done?
trump is riding high on obamas economy.  Wait till it becomes Trumps economy
What?
He is a complete failure.  When will impeachment come?
What has he failed at?
Dems need to aggressively pursue the Russian connection.  That way, we aren't all chasing our tails.  Russian connection will get him out.
OMG move on
Trump is creating jobs- more than Obama did in 8 yrs. It takes longer than  days to drain the swamp,secure our borders,etc. etc. Libs hate!
Where R U getting this from? I see more job offers than ever. Talks in about opening Steel Mill back up. It's three months & he is doing it.
Do u not see how your comments/actions HURT our country & any potential for progress & unity-all u offer is negative criticism
Democrats don't care bout America citizens only illegal refugees Muslims.
Such a shame&true-wonder if theyve any idea what they're doing2our future safety-&look @example they set 4 kids
And he will be - STOP blocking everything he wants to do.

Of course because you losers try to stop every move he makes!
He wouldn't know if it was the best ever. He has his head up Oboma but along with rice and palose and don't forget Warren. Total morons USA
Your utter stupidity is amazing!
explain how you can judge someone like that. What's your IQ?
God created a Better POTUS
Obama was the worst president in the last 100 years.
WRONG its Trump
What have you done in the last 100 days?
Good Luck @realDonaldTrump you think your king but ...your still a pendejo
500,000 new jobs and counting Chuck.Try and keep up. Democrats are notoriously bad at math.
More Americans were put on government assistance when Obama was in office. Retire from politics Chuck. We're tired of lies.
Sounds like something he would say
Trump has a better record than the democrats.
He's doing a suburb job. Totally happy with his performance. All you and Dems are doing is obstructing and whining.
Want to help seniors and put $ in their pockets to spend? Eliminate Fed Income Tax on retiree SSI benefits
Another one of lies!
Lmao
Please explain Chuck. If you're going to tweet that back it up. I know facts are foreign to the Libs but give it a try.
Need to get rid of the Demon crats all together. There were no Democratic party for years
Well God also made the devil or maybe Trump is the devil. And we all know what a liar  he is.
Where have you been Schumer? Over 500,000 jobs created by Trump alone in first 100 days! Typical lies and attempting to rewrite history!
45 totally incompetent he refuses 2 read interact w/experienced govt staff or appt cabinet w/experience
So far he has created more jobs than you ever have.  You know his proposals are good...just HAVE to OBSTRUCT, no matter what.
Lol
Stop the negative BS Senator. It means nothing for you to Tweet about what a poor job he's doing. We know. What ARE u doing? Maybe 2024?
So far he is looking out for those farmers in NY should you not be on his side.
Why not work with Pres. Trump not against him! Senate and House need to do their jobs!
You are the broken promise of today.
Sorry about your luck, Chuck
I'm no fan of Trump, but every time we get a new President I wish this hundred days thing would die.  It is arbitrary and silly.
And he will be
Look at your own record before you say too much 
Dems keep obstructing everything he attempts. You're the problem Chuck.
You R so negative Senator Schumer, U need to open your mind & do the job U were elected to do.  Stop putting up reasons NOT to work with him
You had 8 years and did nothing but help terrorists. Those BILLIONS to Iran could have done much for USA, instead get nukes to disolve us
I'll be happy if @realDonaldTrump is the "greatest anti- #illegalimmigrants #IllegalAliens present ever created."
And u were supposed to be a senator for the people. C where that went #jackass @mfay1957 @realDonaldTrump @nypost
Don't be so bias.Its only a hundred days and has created and saved more jobs than Obama
What EXACTLY is your job description Chuck? I don't see you doing anything for your constituents! Just Trump bashing. WORK for a change!
You liberals are just jealous Donald Trump has done a wonderful job so far and it's only been 100 days more than Obamahas done eight years
The Democratic Party is almost finished they are scratching the bottom of the barrel trying to stay alive
I wonder what Chuck Schumer is going to do when he has to get a real job and stop leeching off of the American taxpayer
Lies and hate from Schumer, this guy doesn't have a positive bone in his decrepitude body.
One day Schumer you'll get it.
Yes sir this nut he is in the path to distroy us. And they are saying you defend the undocumented people for your own gain say thats a lie.
You are delusional Chuck.  There has been more movement on jobs in 98 days than Obama's stagnant do nothing feeble recovery.
R u helping to improve the situation, or working to hurt it. These comments make it sound like the later. Grow Up and work for America.
You are the problem not trump.  When was the last time you created a job? #stopsellinghate #youlost
Your a very funny man #Chuckie   Stop listening to #msnbc
God should sue trumpski for making false statements . trumpski may have the job but he's no FDR. #fakeprezliar
Schumer is a fraud as a man and politician.
This is terrific. All the bullsh*t he said to get elected-everything he does proves him a bigger liar by the day! He'll be gone in 4 years.
The best part of his #First100Days is that it's not Hillary's 100 days!!!!
I love seeing do nothing Chucky and know nothing Pelosi polluting the the TV. That means Trump is winning BIGGLEY. #MAGA
Trump has accomplished more in his 1st 95 days and 16 hours. He's already accomplished more than Obama did in 8 years.
explain. Obama at least didnt golf 1 time in his first day 100 days. Trump is a failed dictator
He lies,& sadly some believe him
AND HE SAID MEXICO WILL PAY FOR THE WALL and now we have to?!? R U kidding? Improve HC but no repeal and no wall!
Didn't Sen Hillary promise thousands of jobs for WNY, never happened. Work with Andy to lower corp tax and maybe businesses will come.
Blah blah blah he created more jobs in 3 months than Obama did in 8 years
are you still blabbing?  Why don't you do soon good for the country and resign?
He forgot the commandment, Do not take the Lord's name in vain.
Be better than do Nothing Schumer and NO nothing Pelosi
He is only given credit for Feb & Mar which is 310000 jobs created IN 60 DAYS. You have to wait for April's result before judging 100 days!
So what have you done Chuck?  Tell us. You probably won't need 120 letters.
Better than Barry ever was and it's still early! Saved more jobs than clown  Schumer has ever dreamed of! #termlimits
You really have to ask yourself why are Pelosi and other liberals so Bent On Letting more drugs into this country from our Southern border?
When will enough be enough for an #Impeachment of this corrupt traitor of a president?
LOL.  It's been 100 days.  Where is all our Russia evidence?  What's taking so long?  Are you manufacturing said evidence?
If that is the premise, then evidence suggests either; 1 #trumplied, 2 God had no hand in his creation, 3 nobody's perfect and he is nobody
What have you done? You have been in office for years!  We now have a MAN in office. Not a  so pls Americans are asking you work with him.
Chuck Schumer. #Termlimits were designed for you.
No broken promises. Only a broken Congress bent on obstructions rather than working with him. #MAGA
Chuck, clearly you haven't been paying attention. The way Republicans create jobs is by cutting corporate taxes & regulations.
WTF did u do when Obama was president? NOTHING you were busy crying.
And how many years did you have?  All broken promises from the left. Not one thing for the working middle class
Nice joke considering we have a 4.5% unemployment rate & more optimism than any time during @POTUS44's presidency.  #cluelesshack
Get out of his way and he will obstructionist who only wants to ruin the country. You are a little man!
If @SenSchumer and other #Democrats would "work" with the #GOP & #Trump the 100 days and our country would be better off.
100 days this from Dem job destroyer out to destroy our he economy, not party of working class but party of crazy special interests
You guys haven't helped at all! You should be fired! Bunch of big babies !
Rather jackass comment!
Sounds like #45 is waiting for God to create the jobs.
What have YOU done for jobs. NOTHING that's what. U fight for asinine policies that increase the cost of everything & drive jobs away. Fool
WTF Chuck? What did you accomplish last 8 years for jobs?
Chuck y'all been in power for 8 years why didn't ya'll get everyone a job.just asking
please keep telling us what you've done over the past hundred days
Nothem nothem no Jobs.He only talks no action
You Democrat's and your Obama didn't do it for 8 yrs so you have no room to speak people lost jobs so shut your mouth
Rather than gloat why don't you work to help create jobs. You obviously lack empathy for those Americans looking for employment.
Why is there huge pay discrepancies among educators in this country...isn't ur mantra "equal pay for equal work"
makes one think
WOW haven't you listening to the news, saving jobs & corps creating jobs count, like your big 50 jobs from last month.
Why don't you stop your bickering and help a fellow New Yorker.
Tell me Chuck could you do better
He meant foreign workers at Mar-a-lago
Pure BS!
The unemployment rate is 4.5% Chuck. Stop being such a sniveling partisan bastard.
Where have U been Chucky!?Trying 2 make up more FAKE news?We see! We hear and we know Ur all fake entrenched politicians!That's Y Ull B out!
You know what chuck I have seen more job posting under Trump then I have seen in the last eight with Obama.
Just like a snowflake. Blind to everything around you. You done nothing not one Dame thing but lies for the last 100 days  what a loser
@SenateDemocrats block every move and then you decry lack of accomplishment. America knows what you're doing #2018
come on man! I gave you props the other day! Back to the bashing!?? Why?
That's because the Dems r obstructing his plans at every turn u hypocrite
Was going to ask how you live with yourself with lie after lie.... then I realized puppets lack dignity
#Impeach45 #Trumprussia
Actually true, Chuck.  I'm not a Trump fan, but you and I both know you're wrong.  Why do you have to hate so much?  #BullSchumer
Thanks to Dems @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats Gutless GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @freedomcaucus @SenMcCain @HouseGOP We will remember N 2018 &20
"Trump, Trump, Trumpety-Trump!"  His own campaign talked about him less than you do.  100 days in and you have learned NOTHING!
Have you ANY plans for what you would DO if you EVER have a majority and President again?  Or is the Dem Party just the NO NO NO party now?
GOP's Sock-Puppet Pretend Opposition?  No wonder the party is split in half.  I'm sure your corporate donors are very pleased.
Well he will put a lot of people out of work thanks to his tariff's on Canada! Why Canada?
Because Canada is charging a tariff on imported milk  from U.S.
He has done more then yoy have. I think it's time.for you to resign.
Yea, for his kids and friends. They've all got jobs. #resist #impeach #resign Just go!
@SenateDems DT violated oath of office& shows he's unfit when obstructing justice;mentally challenged;Russia collusion #Impeach
What are you on Trump gets blocked more then any president atleast Trump cares about America and American's. More then I can say about Obama
And what have you been doing besides #resist ??
ask and you shall receive. Just wait.
Ok....waiting!!
Yes makes you want have a good 
Did I miss your vote on a secretary of labor chuckles 100 days and waiting
Liar
CHUCKY, ur 8 yrs late with dat tweet! " I'm gonna focus on the econmy like a laser beam"? More like a 4 microwatt firefly!
Because of aholes like you!!
Dems need to stop obstructing or you will continue to own a slow economy.
