Clearly the lowest moment of all was @POTUS' meeting with Vladimir Putin, on several counts.
As our Intel Community has unanimously concluded Putin deliberately interfered in our elections & sought to destabilize our democracy.
The only people trying to destabilize America is you and your cronies.
Wrong again...
Chuck, you are wrong again. Trump is leading the world now.
That's chucks problem...he's a one world govt liberal.
If you found some things embarrassing it was obviously a tremendous success.
Nobody listens to you.
Shocking. Even in context of the last 12 months. Shocking to see USA brought so low. Literally nauseating to watch president bow to Putin
Just a reminder - Some of us were kind of nauseated to see this bow too. (I'm 48 & still waiting for a President to not embarrass us.)
It was an embarrassment to PROGRESSIVE ideals for sure. That's why I voted for @realDonaldTrump & as probably will in 2020
Wouldn't it be nice if our senators could put our country before partisan politics? Not this one anyway.
Hacking the presidential election should be a nonpartisan issue, but -45 waffles on whether it actually happened & @gop remains silent 
And...when O found out in August he didn't force DNC compliance which could have led to finding out who was hacking. 
ICYMI
And  ?????
New world  order...
had turned into the bystander/wall flower.  Thank you Trump supporters.  Hope isolation was in UR plans.  Isolation will do nothing for 
You know what happens when an American president decides to sit out the future?
He gets left behind
So does America's influence on the world
We are now the followers not the leaders.  Thank for goodness Merkel, she'll carry the torch.
Merkel is a force to be sure but American intrests are blowing away
America needs a revival
From the top down
I don't foresee that happening.  Americans citizens, states & businesses need 2 reject him.  We need to move on without this administration.
Yes...lets settle this with a good old fashion civil war
Must be getting closer to the unmasking/spying of Obama coming out. Cryin' Chuck sure is sweating. He and Schiff were part of that BIGLY 
The only embarrassment to our country is all the lying demoralized democrats who are keeping the US from growing without hate
Says "Mr. Corruption"!
Our President and his supporters have a different view on what our ideals are @SenSchumer. Our country supported @realDonaldTrump.
Correction: #RussianHacking ; @gop supported a game show host to push their conservative agenda; & #Gerrymandering of #electoralcollege
I don't think Bruce realizes Trump hosted a game show and is totally unqualified for the position he holds.
@mcuban also hosts a game show. Does that make him less of business man? Trump's contestants gave $$ to charity. Poor example A Gee.
Ok but Cuban is not qualified to be the POTUS either! Not a good point.
The only qualifications I know of to be President is WIN. Trump won therefore qualified. How doesn't matter nor do opinions how.
Trump curtsied to Putin, pledged fealty & kissed P's ring.  He accepted P's word abt the election meddling instead of believing our Intel.
He trash talked President Obama, our Intel & our media.  He got caught with his pants down again when press captured the 1st meeting with P.
Wasn't it GREAT?!
Your concept of what is great is as ignorant as you are..
Couldn't agree more. Hope there are reasonable Rs in Congress who will stand up to insanity coming out of this admin. This is not America.
This is Trumps America & its no longer the GOP, it's the party of Trump.  All those who voted 4 him need 2 own him.  You get what U voted 4.
Sadly, I got what they voted for, too.
A lot of us did unfortunately.  Thankfully 65+ million of us won't sit by and do nothing. It's time to take the power back.
Bye bye bot!
Chuck the Good thing is, Angela Merkel & Germany are now the leaders of the free world. The summit agendas are supported globally Without US
Why would the summit agenda supersede the American agenda in your mind? Why live here if it's so horrible?
Whether you like it or not, we live in a global society. As other nations make trade deals together, excluding the US because Trump, WE lose
The embarrassment is the total chaos the host country enabled through any number of means.
What chaos?  The protesters?  Happens every year.
I think you'd have to agree this seems on a higher level. Yes, the radical leftists rioting and destroying property.
I'm for supporting peaceful protests and agree, violence against police is unacceptable. I've read some were protesting Trump's PCP views.
You are an embarrassment to our country. Control yourself and be polite to flight attendants and stop calling them female dogs. #MAGA
ur a embarrassment all u do is complain with out any suggestions
Clearly @Potus is doing what the American People ELECTED him to do.  @realDonaldTrump He is working for WE THE PEOPLE. unlike you... Sadly
Schumer is a one world govt new world order scumbag....his goal is to destroy the USA .....
You and your left wing lies are the embarrassment
Trump has put our democracy and free elections in danger .
What a disgraceful thing for you to say - YOU represent the very worst that America has to offer - now go hug Linda Sarsour
Like you supporting a racist and misogynist.
I don't support Chuck Schumer or Bill Clinton so that is not possible
You must approve of him making public statements about women bleeding right?
No, those are bad - should not be said

really? an emabarassment? why is that? do you know what is embarassing? YOU! Resist, obstruct, work together..you cant make up your mind!
Yes, the #Democrats tacit support (DeBlasio) of ppl who riot loot and light cars on fire was a huge embarrassment to the US.
Yes it was an embarrassment. Sad to think things will get worse instead of better.
Our corrupt congress is disgusting too.
We all feel this Sir but unfortunately there is a wall of republicans that won't do anything about it.  Why is that?
So agree The other countries that were once our allies now cannot trust the USA
If you weren't hanging out with the Trumps you could have stronger words for the travesty happening at the G20. But you can't. #termlimits.
u have no credibility, you r just a partisan. Trump's speech was powerful. He confronted Putin. Did u want him to body slam him?
No you are the only embarrassment to the American people.
You sir are a NATIONAL EMBARRASSMENT! A walking talking REASON for #TermLimits @FoxNews
so what are you going to do about it when you get back from the Hamptons?
Wtf.
Your an embarrassment to our nation, an elected official protesting in another county, while blaming foreign interference for the lost elec.
"I don't respond to politicians who make inflammatory remarks."
Thank you POTUS! We support you
You are an embarrassment. Trump is a man of many qualities, and even foreign leaders know!
http://www.heritage.org/europe/report/the-failure-the-russia-reset-next-steps-the-united-states-and-europe … this was an embarrassment
No surprise trump embarrassment of USA was expected.
You Chucky are the embarrassment to our country.
only a sad, looser, liberal communist would make such a statement, you need to resign!!!
hey chuckie ~ we're out of G20 BS Climate Control. Climate is a natural phenomenon CREATED BY GOD!
Very telling... "ideals". POTUS is a pragmatist & he ROCKED! Deblazio was an embarrassment
You're the embarrassment to our country Chuckles!  I'm sure the Presidents had a laugh out of you!!
Try reading newspapers from participating G20 countries.  They are happy America's being lead by a STRONG president again.
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
Sir, pls 4 d sake of our children, b positive n truthful, find d ways to work w 45th 2 lead our great Nation. U owe 2 America n 2 ur voters
Liberal politicians like you are the real embarrassment to America.  Stop watching   #FakeNews and take a laxative per @realDonaldTrump MAGA
Only if you are an obstructionist
Why? Because US is finally looking out for our interests? Look in the mirror, that's the real embarrassment, along with de Blasio and others
You are an embarrassment to our country
No seriously, it was a disgusting show for Merkel and she's gonna for it in her next elections!
When's GOP Leadership @SenateMajLdr going to stand up to this INSANITY? Are you asking them? I want to know what they say! #CountryOverParty
Hahaha! Oh contraire. How much $$$ is Soros paying you to continue your lame attempt at dividing our country? #MAGA #UniteNotDivide @POTUS
G19.  At least be accurate.
Soooooo true!!!!
You are the embarrassment, look in the mirror
You are the embarrassment for this county, fake news, fake tears, fake political hack. Try actually working on something instead of whining
I say you are hiding something that you have done that is really bad
so true! Trump has to go, he does MORE damage than good! @SenateGOP
Only to Democrats
You would know what it is like to be an embarrassment to our country!
Just another typical day in trumpland...
Anything you do is an embarrassment, ,try doing the job you were elected to do, I will support and official if they do their job:
The @DNC  must take responsibility for Trumps win by leaning toward Corporate Democracy and embracing Banks n Wall St !
You know what's an embarrassment Chuckie? You!
Globalization,open boarders, free health care .progressive socialist is that the Democratics agenda..that won't work here in America
Chuckie  the only embarrassment to our country is you!
Really Chucky!!! Lol
Have you done anything in the past 6 months except run you mouth and be an obstructionist
Your buddie Blasio was a embarrassment to our country with his stunt at G20.
I don't see it that way. I disagree with your assumption.At least POTUS wasn't on the side of the Globalists, Anti-American rant.
#shutupchuck
No it wasn't. You,however, are a total embarrassment.
Seek therapy!!!
I agree Chucky. You should be embarrassed that your Mayor went to sympathize with rioters instead of honoring a fallen officer.
Seriously?
Completely agree with you, perhaps the @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP will finally stand up 4!the American people n constitution n impeach @POTUS
Interesting to see the numbers on tourism after this summer. No one wants to come here or have anything to do with the USA. VOTE 2018
Very true. Most Americans who can afford it want to get out of here
It was a #TrumpFreakShow
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/07/world/europe/trump-g-20-trade-climate.html?smid=tw-share … @nytimes Agrees with you. Picture after picture just flat out showing the world leaving Trump to be picked last.
Got that right!
Pissing in public is now not a punishable crime in NYC. You want to talk about who's embarrassing us?
You are an embarrassment..Resign Meatball
It was only an embarrassment to you and yours because anything that makes sense is an embarrassment to you folk.
Up Chuck Schumer and Amy are related, that is hilarious! She isn't funny, and he is a joke! Lmao...
Liberals are so worried about image...
I wouldn't mind his buffoon image if he actually did anything positive for the American people.
Wanna see my new kitchen or brokerage statement?
Are you so selfish and self-centered that you  think that reply makes any sense?
First time in my life a president has ever helped me.. and I'm no kid
You see some of us have jobs.   Then there some of us whose jobs made them much more $$ as a result of the election. Not hard to understand
Trump was an embarrassment to our country and ideals.

You and the Democratic Party are an embarrassment. No platform. No ideas. No love for countrymen. Just money and finger pointing is all
Look at Trump jr
@mdnij HRC tried to warn the masses about the incompetent tRUMP. Most just wanted any old white man to occupy the White House.
So are you
It was more than an embarrassment Sen. I doubt our allies will be in any hurry to share classified info w/US that could keep us safe!
Amen
We know you could do everything better Chucky but after all you are not the President so shhhhhh!
Agreed!
You must get want to take a look in the mirror and see who is an embarrassment to our country. You are useless as the Mayor of NYC.
Wow, the rabid freaks r out today , stay strong senator u r on the right side of history
Another's stupid Dem
your opposition and ridiculous lies are a clear embarrassment to our Country and the DNC. 63 Million Americans are Proud @POTUS!
Spoken like a status quo politician who has been looking out for himself for decades. Never a positive statement unless it's self-serving.
Extremely embarrassing. Especially the Podesta tweet, the pic of T having to be told a pic is being taken, love of Putin, etc
Chuck you are the embarrassment! New York will be so much better off when you are gone!
You Democrats are never going to get over that
And yet YOU bring it up.
Watch in the next 60 days. Trump will invite the Russian diplomats back, remove sanctions, while the rest of us watch hacking go on.
Yup..more hacking...the DNC...they never give up...now wheres the bathroom so they can setup a new spy server....
#pathetic
#TrumpRussianCollusion #GoldenShowerBoy #NotMaga #25thAmendmentNOW #MoneyLaundering
u #DemoRATS r the embarrassment! @POTUS is YUGE success. No one believes ur lies & rhetoric! Get 2 work or get out! #TermLimits
Attention seeking much?
Embarrassment?!?! You mean like when the Mayor from your biggest city went there to support violent protests?
Okay Chuck, we had 8 years of lectures on "who we are" as a country. Apparently some of us have other "ideals." You're not in power.
Yep
Trump's bow to Putin was horrifying.

Please work vehemently toward getting testimony from the two interpreters who were in the meeting with Trump & Putin at #G20HAM17 ASAP!
You're the embarrassment by bashing our POTUS. Be supportive otherwise go live somewhere else. U represent the  FOR CRYING OUT LOUD
Clearly out of touch once again Chuck Schumer. Your the clown in American politics. Middle America can't stand you.
OUCH!
How Was Weymouth Party -  Partying With Charles Koch, Soros, Conway & All The Neoliberals Corporatist #RESIST
When will president dementia be going to jail impeachment is too good
Not to mention Australia's ABC's @CUhlmann report!!
So, it is possible for the Democrats to take this issue to court since GOP won't do their job? There's a traitor in the Oval Office!

Senator Schumer, are we now a satellite state of Russia?  Why would trump let Russia help set up our cybersecurity system, if not?
No! The anti Americans democrat ideas! President Trump made America proud again unlike traitor Obama!
The embarrassing thing is that you are still a senator.
I disagree of course your ideals are not my or Americas ideals
Why? Because Putin called you out as the destroyers of the world? #Backtoworksenator (and his minions)
Yes. A ceasefire in a part of Syria where we are not fighting. Anything else?
You are an embarrassment and a danger to our country
Uh, sorry. You mean the G19?
You are the embarrassment Chuckie.
Negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative,
No I am sorry you and your Democratic buddies are the embarrassment - at least it was not an apology tour!
Do something about it.
Well that's because the main person in the WH is a bigly embarrassment to the USA
Do you represent the PEOPLE OF NY or the DEMOCRAT PARTY? Time for the States' to reign in their Senators...
Imagine how we felt when Obama the Inept went to them and cucked up to everyone.
I'd rather have Obama than this fuck up.
I.e. Trump embarrassed our country once again
You are an embarrassment to our nation
No that was under your god Obama.  Everything he did was an embarrassment.  You wouldn't catch that because you're just like him.
Youre actually correct Schmucky... Deblasio...your buddy...IS an embarrassment to America...
#yourepathetic
It was the most embarrassing and eye opening display of America being disrespected by the ENTIRE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
You liberals are borderline insane and should be checked in to a mental hospital to get the help you deserve
Putin ended calling Trump an absolutely poor thinker "absolutely concrete"
He only adequately perceives the conversation "interlocutor"
Start impeachment!!
The only embarrassment to our country are the liberals !
Seriously no one sees it that way sir. Trump is making the US proud again. He is a leader. Rest of world sees and understands. US dems don't
Yes it was. Please get that man out of the White House.
Name one good thing.
You got that right! What are you going to do about it?
You Mr. Shumer are an embarrassment to our country!
You are an admitted and unapologetic liar. You have zero credibility. Please go back into your corrupt, left-wing world and shut up.
If you are so embarrassed, why don't you leave.  We know our @POTUS was amazing and brilliant. And the winning isn't going to stop!
Yes your exactly right with OUR mayor showing up to join the rioters!! That's what you should be tweeting & holding press conferences on!

You're right.  Obama showing up is embarrassing and disgraceful
No Chuck...you're an embarrassment to your party and our country.
63 million voters chose our destiny as a declining nation. 2/2
Chuckles you are so freaking pathetic!!! You and your party are the party of dome and gloom, you and the Dems can't stand to all the good!!!

Maybe you should have watched
