The free market would lower costs and inc quality by offering other options to ins cos.
You are so drunk.
No. Free market would offer competition to ins cos including HSAs, HRAs, coops, CDHPs.... that will lower costs and inc. quality of care.
Please cite at least one example of where that works. Just one. Or is that just an Ayn Rand theory? We know universal Healthcare works.
Go online and search Dr. Umber for one example. No where in the world has free market HC even before ACA. ACA makes these options illegal.
This Hannity-approved plan lets you go to exactly one doctor. Good luck with surgery or most else. 
Free market lol
It can be repeated. Open your mind. For surgery you would still need catastrophic care insurance which is traditionally cheaper
Thanks. If Hannity likes it then it must be great. He is never wrong, you know.
"The free market is the solution" is the stupidest Shit ever. Never worked anywhere, we had it before & have it now, only with minor regs.
What do you "free market" idiots think insurance companies are, govt agencies? All ACA did was add regulation that improved policies for ppl
Another lie
It's time for free market healthcare and to get politics self serving politicians and unelected bureaucrats out of our healthcare
You fail to acknowledge that under ACA high premiums and deductibles make healthcare unaffordable to buy or use.
#SinglePayer now or go home. You can't negotiate with terrorists and you can never win on centrism.
Ask any Repugs which is more important, tax cuts or deficit reduction? You can't have both. Whatever is cut is given to the military & 0.1%.
1) Thats exactly what the ACA did, but much worse. My premium went up 150%, my deductible went up 3× and out of pocket went through the roof
so please do us a favor and quit trying 2 shovel this crap down our throats. No going to work Chucky. ANYTHING is better that Obamacare
What concerns me as well as millions of others is that @potus @senategop is DELIBERATELY SABATOGING ACA to FAIL. Closing call centers, etc.
Are you just slow, its already unaffordable for middle class.
Should b talking about cutting HC costs, NOT cutting HC (#MedicaidMatters); Need better insurance markets, not worse. GOP bill is wrong path
Thats why the high costs of Obamacare. Obama put all kinds of free tests. Lets let Doctors be in charge of patients. Get rid of PAs
Wrong! Offers have been made through twitter, facebook, on Natl TV! GOP refuses to sit down with DEMS for help!
Fox n friends is rag magazine in video! They even admit it! The Dems are willing to fix ACA trump n GOP won't bcuz President Obama did it!
Let the free market provide the choices and the costs will drop. Allow competition across state lines, like auto insurance!
Where do you get your false info, just make it all up?
I want Medicare at 55. A Single woman waiting about a year without Medicaid w cancer 7 preexist & life because of ACA deserves a chance
Remember Greuber said you had to b stupid to pass.  So u dems wear the stupid badge u had no ideas only taxes and high costs.
Sorry dude that's OBamacare!  Get out of D.C. And come ask us!
They dont have any ideas they did not work on healthcare remember Pelosie you have to   pass to read. They did not care about healthcare
Put Congress on 0bamacare
But I bet we could keep our doctors if we want to. ACA was a strong arm tactic to make insurance companies richer
Out curiosity, do you mind taking a screenshot of your #ACA premium documents? We know the #Democrats just love transparency.

#Healthcare
Just get back to the free market and scrap gov intervention in healthcare. HC was never written into the constitution.
Like you give a crap about Middle class families, you , the Dems., and RINOS could care less !!!!!YOU LIE !!!!!!
What do you think #Obamacare did? Oh you wouldn't know you have a free Cadillac plan!
All you do chuck is talk about what the GOP plan will do. You never talk about what your solutions would be for the ACA.  #why
More out of pocket costs, in exchange for better long term and critical care coverage, is a GOOD idea. Out of touch much?
ObamaCare bad.  Democrats worse.
Seriously
Whatever can be done bipartisan that repairs ACA. If it's good, ok. If it's not work together and repair what you can
Where in the Constitution does it mandate the Government has to provide health care? #tcot
just admit Obamacare needs lots of work but not more money
please resign now
Please get traitor Trump out of the Whitehouse and his racist cabinet.
Interesting how your tweet sounds exactly like a description of the failure called Obamacare!!!
Cryin' Chuck Lyin' about Healthcare again. #zerocredibility
ACA MANDATED AND WAS ON OUR TAXES YOU  WITH HIGHER COSTS. SHUT UP AND GET RID OF IT!
Liar
Any healthcare plan is expensive. Let's be honest Chuckey. They can't do any worse than you guys did. So it's a win for all
Then you'll learn what it's like to work hard put food on the table pay bills don't worry about what tomorrow will bring. Then you'll know.
And you claim to be for the American people our hero and champion. What a fraud you are you need to be voted out of office. Get a real job
Prepare Dem. Healthcare replacement! If GOP repeals, Dems have oppo. to push something better!  Single Payer
Currently under Obamacare premium that were $40 are now $440 can you explain that to us? You can't. Your ACA punishes poor people with taxes
No its because we are paying for medicaid which you want expanded. Why work for a living anymore? It just gets taken away for the "poor"
So the Democrat plan that is place doesn't need to be fixed as the costs are going down?  #Facepalm
Vagina
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentRightNow 
#Amendment25 
#Amendment25now
#Amendment25rightnow
Your time on earth is getting shorter day by day,  Do you ever worry about your soul?
I hope nothing is done, and ObummerCare implodes. Who will be blamed then? The @GOP didn't vote for it. Oh, oh @SenSchumer.
GOP will NEVER benefit the little guy, PERIOD
if you like your health care plan you can keep it right
It would not. You're misleading and obstructing again. Fix it. Obamacare is going in the toilet.
Try a new concept: work together.
Schummer lies
Chuck, just shut up already. The difference between ur tweets & the President's? He can tweet & actually work. You haven't worked since 11/9
Sweet!!!
You mean like 5000.00++++ deductibles under Obamacare? You guys are stealing( redistributing) from the middle class.
My insurance went from great to sh!! under Obamacare.  You voted to make working people pay more so those that didn't work got free HC.
I would believe this is a lie
They are already jacked up you nit wit.
OBAMACARE WAS CRAP. YOU KNOW IT.
Please come up with a plan!!!  We need a plan!!!!
Really chuck my insurance has been destroyed with your bullshit Obamacare you want to pay my 5600 deductible now shut up
Breaking: Schumer more worthless then a close pin holding our flag during a hurricane. The man has no influence, nor care for his own voters
It would haul off your grandmother and quarter her
Exactly what obama care did to me
OH YOU MEAN LIKE THE OBAMA CARE PLAN THAT INCREASED PREMIUMS 110 PERCENT IN SOME STATES AND MORE IN OTHERS YOUR SO FULL OF SHIT SCHUMER
Agree, the entire concept of government mandated levels of private insurance must be put on the table he said stating the obvious @SenateGOP
And ACA saved us so much. Don't act like you care when your insurance is FREE!!! Time  you  go on Obama care and let's see if you feel
Oh that's right the middle class didn't vote for your party this last election because you forgot about them
You look guilty. #pedogate
400 million have no health insurance obamacare premiums double co pay http://tripled.You  did nothing to help the people who paid taxes
And Obamacare didn't do that?
Too bad you were unable to predict such consequences from Obamacare! Oh well no problem at least now your eyes are wide open.
Once again you are confused! That's what Obamacare did/does and that's why it's imploding!
Chucky what will be the costs when the #Obamacare ship sinks?

I think every Sen and Rep should walk out of office in protest until this potus resigns.. This entire election is Invalid. Abolish ECV also.
I think if they do its a violation of their elected duty and should be considered their resignation
Under your plan all fees are out of pocket.
OUch!! and yea!
Didn't Obamacare tout lower premiums and deficit reduction? Clean your reading glasses and look in the mirror and you'll see failure
It would have zero effect on our elected officials and their minions who are exempt from everything, insider trading, health care, Junkets
Hmm, sounds exactly like Obama care. What the hell is your point.
Wrong!
How about you  read a bill before you start your BS LIes about it
Actually they should be on the program themselves.
Did you mean Obamacare? You complete and utter clown. Hasn't Soros given you enough money to get some decent hair plugs?
Where were you when the ACA jacked up costs? That's what I thought. Crickets.
Here's what @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is doing to kill Americans, including some who might even have voted for him:
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS is doing what he can to screw Americans out of healthcare.  No wonder so many of us hate him.  He's a mean man.
WHAT.   Look at Obamacare, taxes. High deductibles and insurance leaving because it dont work. High cost they did this not thinking of peopl
they are jacked up now D.A what insurance do you have
Mumbling to yourself again.
we want the  Health Care Plan that you & other members have for yourselves & your families.
sounds just like the aca. Problem is the aca didn't lower premiums.
That's Obamacare and you know it!
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!
We the people are tired of dems #FakeCare! We want your healthcare plan!!
WE VOTE IN 2018...BEWARE!
Millions of Americans don't have Health Insurance because they can't afford Obamacare and you're worried about the GOP!What's wrong with you
That already happened when Obamacare was put in place, don't act like this isn't the fault of democrats. You made this mess.
i pay over $20K year for Nobama care. come in chuckles, play fair
ouch!!! What is your delectable?    30,000
You're party wanted to wipe out the middle class.
Number3, it shoulda never have passed.   People are working two jobs while some work none because of high premiums.
Number one at least they are trying....number 2 I think my own party wants Trump to fail.
Psychic Senator @SenSchumer powers of fortune telling only work on Republican healthcare bills.
All talk Chucky.... try actually "doing something" for a change !!
I lost http://dr.pay  more 4 ins.much high deduct. R  giving me the same old DEM's answer..it would be worse with the other guys
And trump does ??? Really?   He can't read anything over 1 page you think he understands the intricacies of healthcare. Ha.
Silly don't you know it has to get passed before we know what's in it?
Need my "that's not how this works meme"
As if Osamacare didnt do this. Blind as a bat. Somebody from NY primary this a$$ wipe
Every version is WORSE than last!  WHY are @SenateGOP trying to HURT CONSTITUENTS & Americans who are poor,sick& disabled? #TheResistance
Mr. Schumer Insurance companies need federal oversight they've ripped off US long enough! Without oversight insurance companies kill America
ya healthcare for all, no Medicaid cuts, pre existing conditions covered! Lies
The cuts will apply to the abusers
How's cleaning house of the Republicans mixed up with Russia coming? Our democratic system & values are sustaining damages every single day.
They want you on a one world system. And guess what.  Look at those on the panel
Chuck it's less expensive to pay out of pocket and have LOWER premiums - stop telling half truths and help @realDonaldTrump
ACA already did all that. ACA was just designed as a gateway to socialized medicine. 
Only a complete repeal can help
EXACTLY what the dems told us in 2008. Whats wrong Chuck, mad the republicans stole your talking points
Be Damned Republicans! You will all pay for this!
.@SenateMajLdr: What is so bad about Rs and Ds working together to find real solutions to problems with #ACA? It's the best way forward.
They are suppose to work together. For the people but is no longer about the people is all about total control.
Here's Obamacare
That's a lie. The Cruz amendment would allow lower cost plans by allowing insurance to offer choices. Obamacare doesn't allow choices.

Funny how GOP never raises taxes on wealthy to help w/deficit. CALL GOP Senators, demand vote NO on Trumpcare bill!
Take a look at what the rich pay....how much is enough @
Really Obamacare is killing Americans and no insurance is better than your great disaster known as OBAMACARE
Every day the GOP threaten every American person with their death bill!


Never meeting the deductible hasn't changed? At worst that would keep it the same.
#Obamacare or psst Dimms the #ACA is the same thing,MANDATED I sign up or pay the IRS tax penalty which Obama said wasn't a penalty on #ABC
Oh Linda..to say, "from someone like you". Maybe look in a mirror first honey. Stick to eating and cooking. Thx.
So it's called fraud and Corruption
WOW. This is exactly what happened to me when Obama care kicked in. I don't remember you saying anything then Chuck U.
#Obamacare insisted I get my FREE annual mammogram and then ambushed me with a bill for 250 to hear the results. OC IS SNEAKY AND WORTHLESS.
It can't get any higher for middle class your plan is breaking family's
So. Basically you're saying it would do exactly what Obamacare is doing?
No all children & older people over 25 will be dead if Obamacare is repealed. But they will live if Dem fix? Why wait for now? 8 yrs later??
Out of pockets will be higher?, well i went from 345 mo to 1400 a mo  DROP DEAD !  why don't you have it? FEED YOUR BULLSHIT TO SOMEONE ELSE
Kinda like how my premiums have more than doubled since Obamacare? I bet you mean exactly like that
Exactly! Why the focus JUST on premiums by the GOP? The real focus should be total estimated cost, because that's what matters to people.
Chuck, admit OCare sucks and you blew it, run to the mic, admit you failed and lied to the American people, then we can talk. Admit you lied
WE DIDN'T WANT EITHER PARTY INVOLVED IN OUR HEALTHCARE!  
WHAT PART OF THAT DO Y'ALL NOT UNDERSTAND? 
Their repeal now is suspect , trumpcare later is more a suspect  #uncare
Ummm so what is it like now for middle class??  The ones who actually pay taxes for this & still get screwed.
Isn't it nice to have a premium, plus a deductible on a policy you will never be able to us unless its a life threatening situation ?
Just like the ACA. Wow what a quiciden
It's not a health care plan at all - it's a tax cut for the rich that throws the sick and the poor off health care.
Then let's keep ACA ..it's so great.....I lost my doctor.
U must be out of your mind,you wicked twofaced man.thats what you and Obama did.What are you going to do when you meet Jesus and are judged?
Would it help if we had just insurance company...no cause they wouldn't take the very sick..... just tryin to help:)

now it's. About the middle class...well let's compare the middle class to your people and your "investments"
Get in there and guide them..you obviously have the perfect solution!
Yup, and the MIDDLE CLASS, once again, would pay pay pay....No wonder the Middle Class is shrinking day by day!
We see how much ACA lowered out-of-pocket cost!
I watched the middle. Class not get anything for decades listened to their complaints 50 years , they have taken less
The #GOP ers who vote to tear #Healthcare away from multiple millions of Americans, are pure #Evil . Scuttle them.

#deathcare

#Trumpcare
I don't think that's possible I billed Obamacare companies and out of pocket was absolutely horrendous people were calling & crying
That's nice...have real numbers?
You're right.
U can say it at the polls....in eight years
Trump's presidentcy won't last 8 years.
Released frm WhiteHouse. 76,000 lost their healthcare due 2 imploding Obamacare. If Ocare is so good, then why R politicians exempt from it?
The Dems will deny it and they don't care.
Not a healthcare plan, it is a TAX CUT.
@RandPaul had flippped call sentors now!!
And your plan is...? Oh wait I know let Ocare implode so no one has any health ins. choices at all. Stop obstructing and something!!!
What bill is senate voting on next week?
I'm a big supporter but it is time for the dems to start telling the american public what they can do to fix it! Stop complaining
I wouldn't even go so far as to call it a guise ... more like lip service.
IT ACA DOES THAT NOW..,,,,you did NOT SEEM TO GIVE A DAM THEN
Dems need a plan that fixes ACA or a total improvement, present it to the American people and get off the sidelines.
DUH!! Does this answer your question??
