Plain & simple: We can’t let the special interests strip away the rights of workers.
Shortly after we celebrate America’s workers on Labor Day, we will offer #ABetterDeal to protect the freedoms to negotiate & have unions.
Union refused to compromise let Twinkie go bankrupt & all workers lost their jobs. The new company relocated elsewhere, permanent job loss
nice try. Good Lord you people are nuts
We Democrats will fight for The Middle Class. While The GOP Keeps on protecting the rich
The Dems have destroyed the middle class
That's not true President Trump has done more damage to the middle class by his lies check it out
The economy is booming and jobs are being created
Wow where???
#therealdeal in the form of @realDonaldTrump is growing jobs and the economy. no this, chuckles offer of #abetterdeal is a clown's joke.
you not doing a thing for labor. totally out of touch with the American public. Proof: Clinton scams, John Lewis back taxes, and etc...
o boy here we go politics starting early this next election (a better deal) sounds like the same ol bullshit
Are you in a coma?  The economy is doing the best in years. DEMS ARE CRIMINALS.
Yet Trump won PA, MI, OH and WI. Stop whining and being an obstructionist, work with our @POTUS. Can't wait for the '18 elections #MAGA
more dues from the hate munger
trump replaced over a million new jobs and the Dems has a better deal they didn't have million new jobs in the last 10 yrs
Great talking point, a better deal, Better than our last deal but it still sucks!
Really Chuck?  You haven't said anything about Spectrum workers on strike in New York.
Chuck Schumer is full of Shit. Not one peep. Thats what you get after I gave him my vote
Assault on our freedoms? Remember that Obamacare thing that was shoved down our throats when >60% of people didn't want it?
@SenSchumer 1800 ibew local 3 members have been on strike in your own state and u have said nothing.  Show support now sir #spectrumstrike
Lies
You and your buddies need to just get it 9f the way. Haven't you hurt the middle class long enough.
Where will they work with your Pro regulation, pro Obamacare job killing agenda.
The GOP is made of real managers, real leaders and people who succeed. The #DNC is full of cheats, liars and fake people. Like yourself.
#ABetterDeal,then what the #Republicans? Thats not saying much! This is the Platform 4 The #Dems,If U refuse,U LOSE again! #BernieWouldAWon
6. What do u think Trump is doing?
As a worker I do NOT want to be told in order to be hired I must join a union. #RightToWork
The reason why Wt. workers not voting Dem. is due to the shrinking of union representation & profit sharing by working poor.
You have no deal the economy's doing great now jobs are great now you guys are just trying to copy what Trump already did and is doing
You're the ones in control the past 8 years - don't start talking about Dems being pro-worker - you're only PRO SOCIALISM...
Chuck Chuck- you are so weird. Who do you think believes that statement? POTUS has it covered. Stand down @SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump
You mean "Pro-American" work plan, Trump has that covered but you are stalling him. People get you, your plan should be called"I don't Know"
If we aren't Nuked by then! So afraid of nuclear or financial meltdown!
Thanks to OBAMA..
Chuck, do you read what you write? #Hypocrisy
A Better Lie is more appropriate bc there is nothing in your proposal that is better.It's actually an insult to the intelligence of America
You will never get the workers back, Union & Non Union. You left them 20 yrs ago. They have simply rejected your shtick.POTUS has it handled
Another lie Chuck. The workers Union & Non Union are rejoicing that the GOP has started making a positive impact on our lives.PUTZ
Do the math Chuck it is as bad or worse than  ACA is for working families. It's another lie like ACA. Good news POTUS has taken care of it.
So how do you have the nerve to go on vacation ??
FICTION:  (not that your cronies notice) - PS - Ever check your OWN APPROVAL RATINGS.  Yours make Trump's ratings wonderful.
#ABetterDeal = NO INSURANCE FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS and high taxes for the middle class! 51% of America is affected by your "better deals".
5/ We need to step outside the box.
4/ We need visuals.
3/ We need some lipstick on this fellow. @NancyPelosi
2/ DirecTV BAD Spectrum GOOD
1/ The Dem party needs to hire an advertising firm to come up with a bigger than life, messaging campaign. Like the Spectrum commercials.
as dems continue the assaults on jobs and workers through their policies with Trump will make Amerca Great Again
Unions are past their usefulness and are hurting cities and America. They have ruined the education system in this country. Wake up Chuck
Jobs report and stock market are great Get out of the woods!
What Chuckles you CLOWN!  You think your words win people.

Schumer, NY S sucks, as u do.  I support all President Trump does. U worry about funding for Roch airport.  U can't get a direct flight
I am a business here and leaving this state. Taxes too high, I will not live in a "sanctuary state or city" goid luck with that. NY S puts
Business last.
What?   Is he for real?  What the heck is this idiot talking about?
B.S. It's all about Hillary's library! & the death of the Americans!
We already voted for a BETTER Deal-It's called Donald Trump! Get on board or get LOST!U don't deserve a salary!U R A Communist Soros puppet!
Pro-worker? Freaking liar! Govt. regulations, high taxes &Obamacare mandates chase business away! Been for 8 years-putting self interest 1st
In what way are you "pro-worker"? Democrat policies and regulations (like Obamacare) kill jobs and put people out of work.
I DEMAND Schumer QUIT and @w_terrence says #GoToBed 
Examples not policies or interest groups are much more effective messages.
Someone please check the font width, because there is NOTHING bold about this "deal".  You're too old Chuck, You had your chance. #altcenter
https://www.motherofallrallies.com/ 
Hypocrite schumer AND the Democratic Party. Filled with FELONS.
You did all this the last 8 years. What did we get a collapsing ECONOMY,200 Million illegal immigrants,a communist healthcare ,22 T deficit
Such irrational and irresponsible false comments only undermine your credibility. Be a man. People are not stupid. #MAGA
You lost the election because your not pro worker.  Haven't realized that yet?
Chuck does open boarders help employment
Yeah Chuck, create more special interest to force more business out of business while tagging union dues from workers and killing more jobs
No assault, just giving Americans real jobs at cost effective competitive wages growing the economy.
Clown man anyone with a brain doesn't believe a word you say. The corrupt demoRATS will never be in our White House . Your OUT!
Errrr ooookaaayyy


What's next? All of you liberals chanting Empty the Marsh??? These are all Trumps policies & YOU are an unamerican dolt

You know what to say but you have no idea what to do.
bs as usual by sleaze bag Schumer.

Really relaxing regulations commitments for factories . Obama andmclintin gave away white and blue collar jobs . Both are crooked
You're full of lies and excrement #lying crying chuckie
How about restricting taxpayer $ to support 45's vacations!! And insuring no wall, no gagging journalists & single payer HC!!
Unions are fine, public sector unions are wrong. Someone making $12 an hr should never be forced to give a government employee a raise
Tell that to our Republican union members that keep voting to shoot themselves in the foot vote Dem ot go to work for non union companies
You guys are a bunch of jokers schumer, Donald j Trump 2020 and forever chucky!
#BetterDeal you got nothing and if your creating stronger unions, ur getting us closer to 1984
Trump the negotiator has negotiated the surrender of our democracy to Putin. As far as economy he's still riding Obamas coat tails.
Who you fooling chuck, 23 year old girl is tweeting for you.  Lucky SOB.
We want our country back...
THIS ACTUALLY gave me a big fat laugh! You lost the Dem Governor of W. Va. to a party that is WINNNING
Better deal for who, you? 
Get in boat. Go down river like you Clinton and Obama tried to do to u s a. My opinion
Your old us vs them rhetoric is getting very old and I'm just tired  of hearing from you.
Local Dem business owners can't reveal party affiliation or we lose business! How do we bridge this great divide?
jackass
Your Better Deal will cost jobs and taxpayers more money. Hush! We aren't letting you in anymore.
Chuck! Do you stay up all night inventing these stupid statements? You did zero for employment the last 8 years!
Is there a strategy for addressing the political divisions in our country, and efforts to bridge the gap?
Stop lying crying chick.. your proposal is anti-worker
ATT: CHUCK! Union membership should NOT be a prerequisite for getting a JOB! It an infringement on our rights, & a detriment to our WALLETS!
You saw the jobs report right? Toyota and Mazda announcement and the Dow record high. What assault?
Notice Chuckie didn't just say pro-worker. He added Pro-Union to gain pro-votes. He does nothing that's not self serving.
Unions are a thing of the past. Try working on laws that protect the workers. HR was supposed to do that. They are scam.
Come on Chuck, under Dems we had the lowest labor participation force since the Great Depression. Get government out of the way!
You already lost Ohio and the unions you lied to and turned your back on. They aren't going to believe any more lies Chucky.
GOP assaults on workers? Is your memory failing too? Your team stole Delphi workers' pensions & stripped away their healthcare. Assault yes.
YOU ASSAULT AMERICAN WORKERS EVERYTIME YOU INSIST ON OPEN BORDERS TO MEXICO
YOU LET SPECIAL INTEREST TOWARD ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS ASSAULT AMERICAN WORKERS EVERYDAY YOU ATEP TO THE PODIUM AND PRAISE ANY ACCOUNT U FIND
Your an Ace love ya Chuck..You spoke at my childrens Graduations Bethpage NY. Please dont forget us help us fight Navy Plume CONTAMINATION!
LIKE THE DEMOCRAT PLAN TO GIVE MONEY TO COMPANIES TO HIRE LATIN IMMIGRANTS
Guess we know for sure where all the dem money comes from  union mob bosses
Who asked for more unions chuck.     Retail doesn't want unions.   Restaurants don't want unions.     The state unions burden taxpayers
How are the unions working out for Missouri  & Illinois Shmuck? I'll tell ya - MO = 42 in economics growth & IL is 43 overall fiscally 
just heard some voices pro-GOP,but I don't think Dems is about Red,& I do like my Dems friends though politics always messingup
things. @NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan @HillaryClinton @SenateMajLdr @BarackObama @SenJohnMcCain
Better Deal, New Deal, all old news. Unions take $$$ from workers. Stupid is http://stupid.Like  socialism, the Workers Party.
Please add to that "REFORM gov't and get the money out of politics"! Did u hear Brian Williams interview with James Carville?
please resign now chuck
Since when?  You didnt do it in the last 8 years Chuckie & then U go on a months break? REALLY? The heart of AMERICA does not get that BULL
If we lose the country. Then there will be no unions. Country first then Unions.
And you assault NY taxpayers
no #DoTheRightThing for yourself  your neighbor we r not making deal, listen to the youth
Hurry up and pass #S720 ... there's too much free speech! We don't want people thinking...Be the #Resistance
U all mis-read. DJT voters ARE NOT economically challenged unless racism is in that category. YOUR base is WOMEN
A Better Deal my ass!!! More corruption from the DNC.
Did you notice not many people are paying attention to you?
What do you know about Unions Chuckey
The Democratic fix: Union higher wages cost of living higher wages! Your President is making a real difference for America's working class!
Chuck & the Dems want a "better deal. Meanwhile, Trump is delivering the BEST DEAL!
You can stick that better deal where the sun doesn't shine Chuckie. We see through your BS and your party is nothing but #obstructionist.
Democrats are literally Guilty of HATE Crimes; By their own admission. This is validated by the news: "He Shot him because he HATES TRUMP!
The real story of the day:
If it's Called socialism, KEEP IT! The Democrats have bankrupted America by BUYING votes!
Mr Schumer. Quit it. You are wrong. The unions support the President. More jobs by the Trump Admin then Dems ever did.
Illinois ObamaCare insurance premiums expected to rise 43 percent next year
Pro-union workers - you mean the government bureaucracy. They are the main unions legt. Manufacturing jobs are gone.
Sounds good- we will see.
Have you know shame ?
Bologna!!! Tired of winning yet?,
Tell it to the robots.   Will they need a union?   Keep screwing around with labor unions and the workers will be replaced with AI machines.
Better deal means your way or no way right Chuckie boy
Any Russians here.  no but they were online in hack rooms. Crazy thing is he didn't need to. The bigger picture is in the 
He N the ADMINISTRATION cronies are about 2 start using code words to get that few million to a point of arms when he goes down #grandFinale
Now he rousing up his supporters. He is willing to bring the house down to survive. You all better start reshaping the narrative
What?  More dumbocrat B.S: more people working for higher wages and more Americans confident in the economy. Thank you President Trump
You all think these leaks only coming from one source. That they just coming out the WH.. that  in Alaska still around
remember chuck prices go up and up let's cut gov't waste 1st! Stop throwing good $$ after bad. Tax payers need a break too! C'on
Another failure before you start.
Because he knew the . He was told the  and new the amount of fake news that was coming. He was right because..
As you can see every time The Pres says he didn't it means he has. Why do you think he called out fake  repeatedly during the campaign 
I was union member many years.50 +...you sold us out with Nafta
Under Clinton and now want this Trans pacific agreement....you lie,lie,lie

you are a criminal tell the truth you know
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL DEMS PROMOTE SELLING AMERS OUT TO CHEAP FOREIGN LABOR FOR THEIR DONORS FOR $$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Are you for real? @SenSchumer , you actually care about the American worker? #GoodOne#ReallyDude#WhenAreYouHostingSNL
Chucky stop twith the lies. BTW Did you get to see your sidekick Maxine on The @TheView today? Oh she let her true feelings come out. GL
Rename it. The DNC messaging sucks. None of these dummies who voted for Trump is going to research a wonky proposal, they just go by name.
Your Better Deal jingle was copied from Papa John's Pizza, unlike the pizza, your deal bs smells really ba!!!! U left working ppl long ago.
I think GOP wants all workers poor, sick, tired and broke-oh no, that's the Union desire-silly me
GOP isn't assaulting workers idiot. Stop with the attacks. You'll never win with these lies.
Are you kidding?
Lier, just copying @POTUS ! Crawl in a hole!
http://www.heritage.org/jobs-and-labor/commentary/democrats-better-deal-proposals-would-make-americans-worse?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=thf-fb …
Oh I can't wait to see and hear it. Your party couldn't make anything great again LOL
Back to the FDR roots w/message delivered by Kamala and Joe!  #HarrisKennedy2020
YES!  Bring back the FDR fighting spirit!
Pro Union my ass. The Dems are more concerned about illegal aliens, sanctuary cities and protecting perps ( citizen or non citizen).
Even more CLUELESS.the thing that amazes me is that he is an otherwise intelligent guy....you would think he'd be embarrassed at this point
I call #bullshit
"Assaults on workers" by creating 220K jobs last month???...Dem logic really sucks
Better ingredients, better taste, papa John's right chicly. God, you Dems can't even get out of your own way!
So unions can donate the workers money to you and your cronies
Bullshit chuckles
Schumer is having a light bulb moment, Schumer agrees with President Trump.
Only because union leaders use dues to buy Dems! You don't care about workers! #ARawDeal #MAGA
We are #local3 we are fighting against Corporate Greed and union busters. #spectrumstrike 130 day and still strong
Useless nitwits
The GOP has been supporting workers creating new jobs in industry and in manufacturing while democrats try to shut them down
All of a sudden you care about the working class?
Chuck. Your A Better Steal won't sway smart Americans. Dems have proven they r un-American.Same old lies and obstruction.#MAGA
All you did was "Prep" Trumps agenda to pass off on your own. #ABetterDeal is the same deal @realDonaldTrump suggests haha.. #DemsPlagiarize
It's too late Chuckie boy, you've lost the non- federal unions and they're not going to let you send their jobs overseas again #dncdoom
Just not pro-choice? Don't shut women's rights out of your new economic plan. Women's rights are always economic.
Yeah assaults on workers- creating a MILLION JOBS in SIX months! So much winning!
