#FilibusterByAmendment
A congressman,his family suffer bc of ur demagoguery. Stop with the falsehoods and get to work. You're causing nut jobs to come unglued.
What have you done FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS 
since the election besides that childish video on youtube.
wish th #KoolaidDrinkers wld EDUCATE THEMSELVES b4 Runnin their Mouths #DEATHCARE is what its gonna b They need 2 ask why are 13 men HIDING
Kinda like what the Dems did...,
Your rhetoric against @POTUS and the right directly contributes to the violence we are seeing this morning directed at Rep Scalise. Stop it!
It was a hit job by the DEMS, make no doubt about it
OMG, Stop already. Obamacare crashed and burned.Grow up! U already have blood on ur hands.U are at fault a congressman fights for life.
Why didn't you require this when 30 million lost their insurance when NObamacare was passed? #hack
We know the plans from you and @NancyPelosi.
Delay Trump progress.
Blame shortcomings on Russian collusion.
Is this all you have?
So proud of you! I know you deeply regret not speaking up when people had to wait for Obamacare to first pass2actually know what was in it.
*was
what a fool
You hypocrite!
Sound familiar Chuck?
No secret plan, its been out in the open .. unlike #Obamacare shoved down r throats by progressive Obama regime. ! #FullRepeal
I agree Ryan/Trump care probably sucks, but it can't be worse than Obamacare.
Secret Plan. You mean like the single payer plan you can keep you Doctor secret plan?  Let's pass it to see what's inside it.
Expose this #Healthcare bill. They R smuggling this in. #STOPTrumpCare #resist
#Why is it when you tweet Pelosi does at the same time, I bet you 2 are in the same office giggling about how you can get back at Trump!
The negative redorick continues you just can't help yourself! How many more will die before you find away to work TOGETHER! @TheDemocrats
You actually sound like a child pulling on moms apron, but instead of mom, mom, mom, it's America look at me, watch me, listen to me...
Pelosi is secretly assisting the republicans
Get it done!!!
Like the north shore route and no@hearings???!
You pushed Obamacare through on lies. It cannot be as bad either.
Re-sign. You weren't elected to be an obstructionist. Stop the whining, crying and denying and move the heck on with YOUR JOB or leave.
What r u doing at work
Block Trumpcare because corporates want it. They are bellyaching they are losing money over Obamacare.
Thats right schumer be sure to screw the ppl by obstructing those we voted in to help America
Blah blah blah
Now we actually know what was in it and how it turned out. So, the next one should be reviewed to avoid future surprises.
Oh no sir you and Pelosi told us we had to pass the bill to find out what in it so no. And yore the MINORITY  so sit down
Stop being a obstructionist. We are getting tired of the constant Trump bashing
Yes fight back on your peers trying to put something great together ....be a leader join in with them bring your ideas not pushback!
More lies from the lying looney left   sch #UseLess
FIGHT @TRUMP #McCONNEL #RYAN
If it's a secret how do you know it's not good?
Chuckle, you are such the hypocrite. Let's assume what you're saying is true, how is that any different than what the Democrats did
Why not. Obama care lied to us & @Nancypelosi  said pass the bill then find out what's in.  Pathetic chucky
Just a Bill to assert more Obstructionism.

Never gonna see the light of day.
Start w apology tour @NancyPelosi ACAsaying U have 2 pass it B4 seeing it. Y do U feel Repub should bend over w/o apology tour?  I want one
Learned from the handbook of Pelosi
I certainly hope they get some health care bill passed since ACA has totally failed!
What a bunch of bozos they are trying clean up the mess that obma started
You don't deserve to fight back.... nothing but a obstructionist and a "do nothing" Democratic Party ! Term limits !!!
If you would of never pushed the Unaffordable care act we wouldn't be going through this. Hypocrite! Something needs to be done.
Obamacare was passed this way.
Just like you did didn't see you do anything when you voted on Obamacare behind closed doors in the middle of the night what a clown 
Chuck, do you not see the hypocrisy in your tweet?  

No. You do not see the hypocrisy in your tweet.
Agreed. #NOHEARINGNOVOTE is the absolute minimum. #freedomofpress is the minimum. FIGHT
Sit down and sthu.  you ppl play with our lives. you passed obamacare not know what was in it! Please. Don't give me your b.s.  We remember
If you would stop chasing Russian windmills, you could work with republicans on a solution. #PoutyChild #Crybaby #obstructionist
What no way. You mean like when the Democrats shoved Obamacare down American's throats when more then 60% of us didn't want it? Like that?
We need a neo tea party movement inside and out congress in order to get back congress in2018,Democrates.
You've been so busy tweeting you don't even know what's going on around you.
I most heartiley agree that my health care nor any one elses health care be brought to a vote without any hearings
Ha ha secret plan why don't you guys stop obstructing and earn your pay
#RussiaGate
Is that anything like "You have to vote for it to see what's in it?"
Thank you @SenSchumer. We need the CBO report and an open discussion and debate about all the provisions.
Like you pushed Obamacare on us?
Democrats must stand up to the democracy killing McConnell/Ryan team.  They are dangerous and evil men
It's not Trumpcare if there is an age tax over 50

Crawl back under ur rock Chucky.Any Dim still clinging to the Trump/Russia Hoax is like Japs left behind in the jungle nvr knew war was over
Secret plan That's perfect U & the whole dog dem party passed obama care w/even reading a word Now that's a secret pass
Jeff Sessions and Granny from the Beverly Hillbillies ever seen in the same room at the same time
Thanks for your leadership! It's the height of cruelty & irresponsibility for the GOP to rush through such a major bill that no one's seen.
You mean kinda like the ACA ???
What have you done for your constituents since Nov.8th? Sorry u did make a stupid video on taxpayer money and taxpayer time & u want my vote
Chuck you never answered about your scandals. We are still waiting.
Chuck Schumer Issues Statement
your a Soros man! Snake
Secret?  Always trying to stir a problem up.
Schumer vs Schumer  

Maybe he’s bipolar..
Where is your smoking gun today on the Sessions hearing? I hear crickets Schumer.
https://twitter.com/MissLizzyNJ/status/760553153817444352/photo/1pic.twitter.com/4hSrR9ONLG 
Thank you sen schumer. #nohearingnovote. Agreed! @SenBlumenthal @ChrisMurphyCT
with you all the way Chuck!!  
If it was a secret it isn't now
Wait are they voting on Xmas eve? No, that was you guys.
Love it.  That guy makes me nauseous.   I look forward to him getting out of politics.  The sooner the better.
What the hell is going on in this country?! How is this even a THING?!
He's lying to you, that's his job.
Didn't you ram Obamacare through?
Public hearing + CBO score is the absolute minimum threshold the bill should meet...

All we are going to see is politicians sounding off for the cameras but NOT actually doing anything. Lets see definite action for once...
