
you want to give free healthcare to illegals when the middle class pays 3,000 a month for premiums then co-pays.Voters are leaving you
She should go back to her country and help her people! Come back legally!  She is still and illegal alien!
An NOT and. Go back to grammar school.
The exact reason why she must go back.  We don't want illegal immigrants in this country.
Whos paying for her college?
Tax payers of NYC
omg an who paid her tuition taxpayers ? No ! My grandson is in college to be a dr an he does not get free college !!!!
You forgot to mention that she and her parents will probably be #Dem voters for life. I mean, that is what it's all about, right?
You can help them pack Chuck
1700 IBEW local 3 workers on strike in NYC since 3-28-17 Against Charter/Spectrum American taxpayers starving. We have children too
Do votes really matter more to you than Americans?
Not me.
She'll do excellent work in Mexico.
Wow the youth brainwashing regime is in full force!
135 BILLION PER YEAR it what ILLEGALS  cost taxpayers, that would pay TUITION for all CITIZENS attending COLLEGE,  w/ $ 4 HC, stop STEALING
Then why didn’t she become legal?
She's a vision of the America we should desire to build.
IT'S NOT THE DREAMERS, IT'S THE SLEAZY DEMOCRATS W/OUT INTEGRITY, ETHICS WHO WANT TO BRING 9 MILLION "RELATIVES" TO VOTE DEMOCRAT!
No it's NOT her home.  She's illegal and needs to be deported.  Let her come back legally to realize her dream. ENFORCE OUR LAWS.
Hey cucky no one is buying your bullshit anymore
Stop telling us about poor DACA, we worked our entire lives to put our American children through school,now she cant get the Job she worked4
Stop with the nonsense Chuck their adults their illegal they need to gopretty fake picture without ms13
Meet Kate Steinle
Illegal immigrant breaks into NJ home http://fxn.ws/2wFi0VE  #FoxNews
She illegally here pls deport her ... obey the law chuckles
Hey Chucky sit on this and rotate hahahaha
only a few went to college for free the rest are all on welfare.I wish my kids got to go to college for free.People pay 3,000 for premiums
meet Chuck Schumer USA "Senator" defends illegals instead of his actual constituents.for shame vote him out!
It was obama atf that APPROVED BUMP STOCK. Imagine millions of babies in heaven asking u to stop pp from KILLING INNOCENTS. Do u cower 2 pp?
We've educate them say thank you USA n now take your skills to your home of origin so your citizens won't have to flee from their countries
Wrong! Americans are denied funding because both parents work to take care of there's! no financial aide!  U discriminate against Americans!
My daughter just graduated from Loyola,We are US citizens,I pd for her college,she cant get a job as a PA because now they have 2 manyGrads
#Obamacare 
Same with Nurse Practitioners
She can go make her home country great again.
Chuck is the Man who Supports the non-Americans, yet wont do anything to help with Health care for Americans!
Oh yea #CNN Is #Fakenews They make up their own news. Just a movie studio.
*Illegal Immigrants D.A.C.A. Illegal Immigrants.Go Home.We cannot take care of the 2.5 Million Homeless American Children.
Oh chuck you’ve flip flopped more than a fish out of water !  And FYI all that red you see till ya hit Calf is only getting more red 
How long ago did she apply for citizenship? Asking for a friend
DEPORT, DEPORT, DEPORT! 
BUILD THE WALL AND BUILD IT TALL!
BURY IT DEEP AND BUILD IT STEEP! 
MAGA! TRUMP 2020!
No! She knew she was illegal yrs ago instead of getting into med school Y didn't she deem it important to become an American citizen
Chuck won't fight for everyday Americans. Won't fight for the Constitution. Will fight to destroy the country.
You bastards already get more than your fair share of MY MONEY, now you want me to support these people?
It would be sweet if the INS showed up and arrested her...lol
I'm ashamed that you are my senator
"Proud undocumented" is how she opened her statement. No wonder Americans want them deported #BuildTheWall #10ftTaller #DeportThemAll
Schumer TNIS may be good for your political corrupt enterprise but ILLEGAL INVADERS ARE CRIMINALS AS ARE YOU! #ENDDACA
She, and those "undocumented" can go back where they came from and she can give them all they need there.
NO DACA!!! They have had time to become citizens LEGALLY, and haven't! ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL! Quit being a dick!
@ICEgov DEPORT HER! She's here ILLEGALLY!!! ICE can find her at Judiciary Committee Hearing!!!!
Then she can bring healthcare to her people in her country... #BuildTheWall
Not legally
Sen Schumer we paid 4 these bastard SOB of BO w/ our hard working money 've u no shame or love 4 this country tht made ppl like u 2 succeed
Are you allowing her to live in ur home? You do & I will too. Money for her from u? U r two faced & phony!
She needs to go back to her country.  We need to abide by our immigration laws. Period
#MAGAMoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Deport her
Let's try "I want to bring healthcare to US citizens" instead.
Fuck you're still alive
Illegal.
Do you feel the same about MS 13 gang members who used daca?
NOT ON OUR DIME!!!! 
So I have to scrape, save, and borrow to get my kids educated but your ok with this?  Not getting my  vote.
good for you. just think if the DEMs would have done something over the past 8 years, u would not be in this position
Need to blame her parents!
No citizenship, 
No right to vote,
No welfare.
Only a road to residency!
Deport @SenSchumer & illegals.
Hey Chuckles, how exactly is she a DACA recipient if it was never actually passed into law?
Well that's wonderful. If she had all this time to be successful why couldn't she find time to get legal?
Not for long.

She should go home & Make Mexico Great Again. 

#EndDACA
This is NOT her home. Send her back.
She most ikely got everything free... Send them back.
She is bias
ICE should take her into custody right when she gets there
so that means she's been in country for more than enough time to become a citizen! why hasn't she?? BC she gets more $ being here illegally
Wow how much has she cost us over the years?
DACA is illegal aliens in America, illegal aliens. Maybe you should run for office in Mexico.
Party leader for the illegal and criminal class. Sickening.
Denisse; please don't let @SenSchumer exploit ur journey 4 his political benefit. Read everything, Schumer is a hippocrit.
And by the way, Denisse @SenSchumer would have all this taken care of b4 it became an issue if he really cared. He doesn't; it's politics
Ole chucky is bellying up to the taco bar, pandering for that vote. FAKE POLITICIAN
Medicare for all? I'm on it and its a joke
You broke the law your under arrest
about the loved ones they have lost by the hands of ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS! Enough is enough! Americans are done!
Please, tell us when you're going to put America first? It's really sad that people have sat in front of you & poured their hearts out 1/2

Anyone who watches this & still in favor of sanctuary states/cities, is heartless! #AMERICANS FIRST!







https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncufsgooNhI …
What about this child?
Where's the dream for this child?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9kTmPC2vf8 …
Illegal spawn....go back to your motherland w your criminal parents and get to the back of the LEGAL line!We choose who we want here, not u
How could you be so wrong on such a simple truth. She is her illegally in my home. Her home is elsewhere. Her deferment is complete. Bye
OK, but Bring  it to them in South America.  Bring Bernie too.  Thank you.
Great, perhaps u can practice in Mexico or Honduras. Oh wait they don’t allow undocumented immigrants. Still you could go there, no delays.
Our children cannot get jobs because of all the influx! No Lie! My daughter has to change her dream because of it!
If it's her home then why hasn't the DREAMERS become American citizens. #End #DACA now.
After pelosi shout down DACA needs to get in line behind those who are waiting. No amnesty.
No one wants you here!!! Go home! Stop taking jobs from American people!! #EndDACA #BuildTheWall
Never DACA!
If somebody violates my home, sneaking in through a back door, you will B kicked out the front door.  Titles mean nothing w/o integrity!
For every truly successful DACA, 100, are supported by me.  Not just no; a lesson and punishment.  Lack of punishment says welcome to more!
No Daca.  Can't reward lawbreakers.No better than any other lawbreaker. Disrespects our country, our laws & our citizens.  What's left?
We the tax payers spend BILLIONS each year on illegals...Start following the laws of this land.  Not undocumented they are ILLEGALS
What about the rapist and murderer dreamers? What about taking care of Americans first? But it’s to all about votes isn’t it Chucky?
Did she file for citizenship to back up her plea..
How many American Indians tribes aren't federally recognized have u visited to push 4 there recognition! But u will bend over for illegals 
Wrong. This is not Their home. They're here illegally. Americans have dreams. END DACA
Is she illegal?Why hasn't she become a citizen?All have a right to apply for citizenship instead they march and protest having to speak Eng.
I don't have any issue with folks such as this going to school, so get to work and pass a law that works for them. This is on Congress.
@POTUS Mexico needs doctors more us! #GoHome
What she can't do it legally like other people?
Think maybe you can get the dreamers that have joined street gangs to come testify of their intensions!!??
Smoke and mirrors! Polititians!!
Do it out of your pocket not my pocket via taxes.
Meet Denise ' little brothers. 
#NODACA
#NOAMNESTY
Have her pay back any government assistance then I would be on board to a pathway to citizenship
They should still get citizen ship the proper way
Yeah that's awesome. Bring healthcare to undocumented immigrants. You mean criminals. Like providing Med care to bank robbers who get shot
This is Salvador, DACA recipient and brutal rapist
There are bad people in all communities and races 1 person does not define everyone. Example the Vegas shooter point made.

No, Senator Schumer, this is not her home, her home is in #Mexico with her family.  Neither #Congress, or @POTUS can reward #illegalaliens with #Amnesty.  

#NoAmnesty #NoChainMigration #DeportThemAll #BuildTheWall
Wrong answer!
What are our governing leaders doing with CHIP and DREAMERS!!
No one has a problem with people like Denisse staying in America. Its the drug dealers and gang members that need to go.
Who pays for criminal illegal entry? Who pays for chain immigration, welfare? American Born citizens pay
Country of law except 4 #DACA #HRC
& who should pay for that chuck, ur already whining about losing the state income & property tax deduction #payyourfareshare
Tolerance,acceptance,lack of morals,taxpayer paid abortion now illegals getting shoved down our throats. What else do we have to put up with
You charge republicans with wasting tax payers money on private flights but you can waste millions of tax payer money on illegals. Shame !!!
They COST us: $190,000,000 that could have helped the people of Texas & PR!! Donkeys always tell tawdry lies
 Get your plan to make them LEGAL on the table, Chuck, or stop your verbal dysentery.
Chucky this is great news.But need balance 4 example 2,139 lost eligibility due 2 criminal activity @realDonaldTrump
Not her home until you get off your butt and pass something. Stop the DEMagoguery and ACT to fix it.
And why has she not applied for citizen ship before now!Because you and other DEMs want to make her an anchor for her family just for votes!
She should do great working in a Mexican hospital. Until she follows proper procedures on immigration. #deportnow
ANOTHER PHONY DACA PERSON SAYS FAMILY STRUGGLEDTO GET MEDICAL CARE.  PLEASE ILLEGALS GO TO EMERGENCY ROOMS ALL THE TIME NEVER TURNED DOWN
So does that mean if we give her a amnesty she's only going to worry about undocumented people coming into her office? Ignore Americans?
AND AMERICAN TAXPAYERS FOOTED THE BILL FOR  MED SCHOOL.AMERICAN KIDS ARE TAKING THE BACK SEAT TO ILLEGAL ALIENS.
So she's an illegal immigrant, right Chuck?
Sure cry for illegals n Muslims never Americans.u never even batted an eye for 59 dead in Vegas before ur big mouth gun control
Yep. She took a spot in college from a natural born American citizen, a legal citizen.



Ok who paid for that education while anerican student are killed by student loans!!
She’s still illegal!!!! “Throw her out’l
CHUCKY stop spending our hard earned money!! Time for you to retire your so out of touch!
Is she a legal citizen of the US
How can anyone possibly know what this girl probably went thru to get here? Hard work, something many white kids know nothing about.
Well I know all about hard work! Done it all alone my whole life so get over it! They take our benefits, claim kids on taxes illegally FACT!
Repeat after me...supermajority+WH, supermajority+WH...damn why didn’t we #ProtectDREAMers then? #FakeSincerity
Good of her to want to help illegals rather than Americans. She should go practice in Mexico and help those being deported.
Do bank robbers have a right to the bank's money?  Have democrats fallen so far that criminals' kids should benefit from the parents crime?
I’m sorry but are we paying for her, her family? Who’s illegal because O didn’t have the authority to let them stay! Be gone with you
Good, now show the other side of the coin, the ones who were arrested, exported, returned and were arrested again.. Two sides chucky boy.
AlsoOk who paid for that education while anerican student are killed by student loans!!
Why would you want to deprive citizens of healthcare? Many seniors can't make it and you are concerned about non-citizens making it? U R sad
And documented americans end up with nothing?? What a spineless sap of a democratic leader you are! Make sure it comes out of YOUR pocket!!
Yes her illegal home compliments of u & obama dems just do not comprehend the word illegal again u care more 4 illegals then Am citizens
