What do u think about paying $425 for an inhaler
I think  The GOP/ Republicans should STOP SPONGING OFF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FOR PROFIT....Follow the money. #TrumpCareKills  #Resistance
I think they are all sponging off of us ... every single politician ... need to do something work together and get in done
The evidence doesn't support your theory.
So what ur saying is only the republicans are stealing from us ... have a great day
Less "standing" @SenSchumer More tangible ACTION. We want single payer! Do it! *DO* it!! STOP with the staged THEATRICS!
No we do not want single-payer, you nut job.
You watched for past 2-3 years as healthcare went from affordable to not affordable for middle income citizens & did nothing. Your still NOT
You and your obamacare are breaking our pockets,putting our health in jeopardy!Get in the real world Schumer..aca in itself is a death panel
A manufactured death panel, courtesy of #GOP sabotage. Congratulations: you've been fooled. But there's still hope for you to get help.
Get a Picture of the #Republicans with these Guys Then U know Who THEY represent! #NOAHCA #singlepayernow
I went my Whole Life With Non-Profit #HealthIns,never had a Problem & proving WE dont NEED these CEOs 2 B involved in #Healthcare!
I want to live. Maybe it's selfish but I just want to live.
nOT DESPICABLE YOU.
If you REALLY stand for us you will support #SinglePayerNow whole-heartedly, without reservation or deviousness (OK, I can dream...)
I cant help it I love Chuck Schumer!! We need more loud dems
So what are you doing to reduce rising out of pocket costs, high deductibles & rising prescription drug costs? How's your coverage?
Getting rid of waste, duplicate programs and people's dependency. Unless they CANNOT care for themselves; all others EARN.
Mr. President, I'd like to remind you of an ole southern saying..... 'If it ain't broke.....' The current healthcare system is working.
@SenateGOP does NOT SUPPORT AMERICANS...only Russian $$$ and KOCH BROS
And, democrat lies that you could keep ur doctor..
Hey @senSchumer, ask your buddy in #CA @Rendon63rd who he stands for.
#Demexit -> @GreenPartyUS It will only grow louder as you resist
The American people
The people who don't want 2 b forced 2 pay 4 healthcare, those who were penalized 4 not having it & those who have 2 pay the taxes for it.
Agreed, yet the always speak about the working class, middle class Americans.. complete BS..
The GOP are clear on their stance: less gov't control, ins across state lines, cost reduction & no mandates. Not sure what dems stand for.
Any politician (like yourself) that doesn't support single payer is  worse than useless and should be chucked out by the electorate.
Fight against TrumpCare. U democrats without republicans votes passed ObamaCare on lies, Reconciliation Procedure and Xmas votes
What is your plan to fix Obamacare?? Please show is how you can 'save the day' Chuck!!!
If these are people on Medicaid, they will continue to get FREE insurance. If they are on Obamacare, they cannot afford it, big difference
Would you include your own photo in there? Will you have the same insurance as the rest of the country, if this passes? Tell the truth.
let obamacare blow up and blame the Democrat leadership for its lack of leadership. Trump should let obamacare fail.
Whose holding the pictures  up for the people that DONT HAVE HEALTHCARE???  Wheres my PICTURE OBUMMERCARE HAS GOT TO GO
the 17% of Americans that are blind party loyalists and put all things #DeathPanelRepublican before country.
You mean the millions on Medacaid.
Where's your plan? Where's the $2500 in savings? Where's we can keep our doctors? Where's all these insurance companies?
You are nothing but an obstructionist!!  Get in there and make healthcare work.
I stand for limited government & a free market healthcare system.
Clinton Foundation admits it took $1 mil from Qatar & FORGOT to tell government.

That's terrorist sponsoring Qatar.
don't fight AGAINST Trumpcare -- work WITH the Senate to fix the mess that is OBAMACARE.  Stop squabbling. I'll DIE if you don't FIX IT.
THANK GOD THE SENATE DOESN'T USE THE SAME VOTING MACHINES THAT #PARSCALE HELPED THE RUSSIANS RIG IN 2016 

#unhackthevote  #TREASON

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
they stand for only themselves and their perverse need to destroy @BarackObama legacy. @SenateMajLdr needs to put people first for a change
#notwithyou Schumer is a crook and a liar
Don't do like the Republicans and just bitch about their plan. Be ready to fix Obamacare unlike those bozos that weren't ready
Please be ready to fix Obamacare before they come up with another godawful bill. HAVE A PLAN please.

Did you notice your right to assemble peacefully did you notice your freedom of speech we would like the same #TermLimits #TermLimit #MAGA
Did you forget that dems passed a bill before reading it
Wait - Obamacare was a financial disaster - who was paying for it, stop complaining and help make another bill or it's time for you to leave
#STILLLOSING  Ideas brought forth by you....A big fat 0..Still wonder why the Dems keep losing
Thank you chuck and to all the senators who have pushed so hard for us!!
Put*
It's time for the Dems to make a argument  that supports Obamacare, but the billions of dollars to support the Repub plan into Obamacare
@CoreyBooker you Libs r playing a game with your constituents lives who need insurance and Obamacare is imploding but you have don't care!
by the private sector
actually we didn't need Obama care , the only part that should have been addressed was preexisting conditions. this could have been handled.
@SenFeinstein @elizabethforma SINGLE PAYER ALREADY EXISTS - MEDICARE AND MEDICAID. EXPAND AS NEW HEALTH CARE LAW.
@TheDemocrats need to be more vocal! Start kicking and screaming! Don't play nice, u look weak. Plus facts r on your side! @HouseDemocrats
See fact check  you r way off  Medicaid is not going away
Two groups put their truths above the other's. 1 "We spend too much more than we earn." 2 "We should give more help to the weakest." USA 
News flash. There are others out there that aren't democrats. 50+%. Are you supporting them as well? Doubt it. You are a fake.
Making us proud:Go have a great Independence Day, Great Senators!
@SenateDems
What's your plan @SenSchumer? Fix ACA or single payer? Voters need yr help & guidance. Show GOP better plan
that's right they don't have a plan!
They stand for big biz, cheap labor, and dereg of banks& Wall Street so they can make their money off others backs
This is a fight that you want no matter what 
you're an obstructionist
Are those the only people you could get to show up. Or are they the only ones receiving help. Focus seems a little narrow, wheres my picture
The Democrat created this mess and all you want to do is create fear and spread false stories. Medicaid was supposed to be safety net.
Ever notice how Obsequious Schumer likes to weasel around throwing bombs. Put your money where your mouth is buy a Obamacare policy.Putz
Stand for the ones that don't lie
Those are some of the people that can't afford AHC and are currently uninsured. What a cheap shot from you exploiting those Americans. Putz
You stand for obstructionism Cryin Chuck.
You and your band of obstructionist clowns r bad for America. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp.
Thank you @SenSchumer! Keep fighting loudly. Millions of Americans stand with you. Trumpcare is an abomination that must be stopped.
Everything should be free. Screw work.
I assume you don't drive on a road or drink water from a tap or call the police when needed.
Write up a bill that simply shores up ACA exchanges, get it scored by the CBO, and present it to America as an alternative to Trumpcare.
Chuck FOS Schumer says

If Rep's CONCEDE EVERYTHING

Dem's will talk

Dems IS A HOOT

Dems drowning/Schumer's NONSENSE

FAIL

@ericbolling
A human chain? Time 2 hang up the phone on the 60's @SenKamalaHarris What the world needs now is LESS theatrics and more *fierce* ACTION!
#SinglePayerNow
People are suffering from Obamacare now. A one party solution will not be Congress best effort. And not the trust invested in you.
Ok ok I get it. The GOP bill is bad ju ju. Why can't you all at least try to work together. Tired of seeing you all behind a mike. Go 2 work
They stand 4 greed & money that the Corporations they sold their souls 2 pay them. Care nothing for the people of this country! #GOPTRAITORS
Chuck, you're ROTTEN to the core. Stop with the DIE BS. Nobody's going to die, if they were they would have under the FAILURE Obamacare
Chuckie - The only thing rotten to the core is you. You should join CNN & do you fake gig with them. Go away obstructionist!
HEROES 
You Do not stand for me I want a new health care lower my rates so I can have better Rates that's what this will do for me
I stand for America! You need to lock yourselves in a room altoghther & work out the kinks for ALL American's not just your sob story ones!
Don't stand against Americans who voted for Trump to dump Obamacare!
I stand for the righteous of ALL Americans Not just registered Dems
It's a #Wealthcare bill not healthcare. GOP hates anyone that's not wealthy. Their bill is #thepurge
trumpcare...aka wealthcare. Keep up the fight.#TrumpRussia #TheResistance #trumpregrets
I stand for our president and in your way!!!
You stand for GOVERNMENT POWER over people. We're in a healthcare mess bc of overreach of an entangling tentacled monster called Obamacare
The dems will never win anything unless u get rid old geezer Schumer! Hung up on revenge
I watched  on TV, Inspiring I have been calling & emailing our Wyoming Senators fervently. Thank you. Keep Fighting,  it's life or death
Saw interview today & u claimed Americans don't want this & Trump voters don't want that.  DON'T SPEAK FOR ME!!! U have no idea what I want.
totally agree
Their aren't suppose to represent you are. Do your job, negotiate and resolve issues then pass
Are they all the People Killed By Illegal Immigrants, How is your degenerate Nephew
Chuck a cut to you is not getting all you want. If $$$billion was enough last year why isn't enough this year?
All you do is protest. No mutal work. Democrats refuse to meet with the president
Get off the steps that's not doing anything. Help GOP make positive health care change
ALL Senators should be involved in the discussion for healthcare, not only the chosen few!!  Healthcare is for ALL PEOPLE.
I stand for my disabled child and others like her!
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
You don't give a damn about the People!! Remember what dems did to insurance! We want the right to CHOSE what WE WANT!! NOT WHAT'S FORCED!
You are lying, these people will not be affected, shame on your for trying to instill fear.
Tell us who we're the Rich people made billions off Obamacare. It certainly wasn't the American people that were forced to buy it. Putz
so out of touch w/Americans u lost election. Stop identity politics, it fails. stop talking about what #trump supporters want u have no clue
You want to keep Obamacare as you get million a yr off of it. Is failing, no insur. co to cover most of US. Schumer does not give a crap
You didn't stand for Americans when you voted for Obamacare and the outrageous Premiums and Deductibles. TERM LIMITS 
I stand for those hurt by Obamacare.
You're a liar because you condemned the bill before it began, remember?! 
It's sad how Schumer and the liberals don't understand what they have read in the new Healthcare act.
Schumer is a liar. All he wants to do is bash the Republicans. The Obamacare was the Democrats doing and it's failed.
Cut off the healthcare benefits of ALL Senators & Congress people until WE have single payer universal healthcare for EVERYONE!
Chuck Schumer isn't for anyone but himself. He's going to eat his words.
Why are you socialist continuing to claim that this hurts the middle class??? It doesn't!! You stop encouraging people to sit on theirbutts
Nobody cares about anything you have to save. You are such a doomsdayer
I stand for term limits !!!
You don't listen to the middle class.... Stop forcing people to sign up for gov. Healthcare. no free choice.
Good freudian slip Chuckie, you and Obama did try to hurt ordinary people like our family. Medicaid isn't being slashed, stop lying.
They should enjoy the $20 billion in additional medicaid spending the senate bill provides
I stand for people paying for their own healthcare and for government getting out of it.
OBAMACARE COLLAPSES: Aetna, Blue Cross, United Healthcare pull out and your plan is WHAT, more obstruction and lies?
Bury ACA &start anew.Let free markets work across State lines.&no 1 needs to be bribed to make it work like ACA.Keep it simple,affordable
Dim wit dems wouldn't vote on it no matter what was in it. Yet voted for unaffordable care act to see what was in it. So dense!
The republicans who are trying to rid us of the very expensive and failing obummercare! Why have ins. if you can't use it? Waste of money!
Stand for GOP
Making my healthcare free market again. U f#$_ it up enough.
We stand for folks that keep their promises, have a cogent message&demonstrate strong leadership.Something the D's don't have or understand.
I stand to repeal Obamacare! Biggest hoax on the Americans!!!
you guys don't stand for the people, if you did both sides would stop all the crap and work together
Secondly, while u spend time scaring people, they r trying 2 find an affordable plan that does not penalize working class.
Mercer, Koch Brothers, Big Pharma...
We stand for the truth,not demagoguery, lies, & conspiracy theories. We stand for working Americans&Poor Americans. Lying crying Chuckie.
Why is Bernie the only person we see are hear about having rallies against the Health Bill.. Go Bernie. We're are the Ad's against the bill
How about a photo of the MILLIONS that pay $$$$$$$$$$$$$$ for there Health Insurance!!!!!!!!
A lot of ignorant people posting here without any knowledge just need to gripe!
WE ALL KNOW @NYGovCuomo   IS GOING TO RAISE PROPERTY  TAX FOR MEDICARE
You must be proud that you helped get obama care going and now you are trying to hide the fact you are a failure!
Did you stand for the people with the ACA? #hypocracy
Phony
Golden rule & the #ACA, force Washington's coverage be the same as those Americans who pay their salaries & watch it become more equatable.
Thank you for all you do!
The only thing you're missing on this grand stand is some tears Chucky
I stand with Rand!  Full repeal and replace!
The same millions AND those who believe in Freedom and Liberty for all.  #FullRepealNow
Dems made the mess a.k.a Obamacare  so Dems should be cleaning it up. Protests won't. At least, GOP is trying. Right now, onus is on Dems
You stand for urself!  Be real!
How much did u pay them to stand there
Not you
It's KILLCARE.  That's what it is.
Please get these people in the news. Appear on EVERY network. Every time slot. Every paper. People need to know the facts. #WEALTHCARE kills
No Way, Senator,  No way.
They stand for me, a NYS r Sidney that your policies and taxes  has driven to the brink of poverty.
It's easy for your crooked candy ass to stand up there you've never had to struggle to survive but you will one day I'm looking forwardto it
The hard-working people of this country hate you and what you stand for because you have taken food out of our mouths put it on Obamacare
And this is a fact that can be proven millions and millions and millions of people will testify
Both of my sons work and we're penalized they couldn't afford Obamacare my grandson's could have used that money f***** crook
We're not taking any of you people s*** anymore we're standing behind Trump and will do whatever it takes to make sure he succeeds
Chuck Schumer you're nothing but a pimple on the ass of a mule I suggest that you don't make comments anywhere in the public anymore
You go spread your propaganda in some third-world country were some might even believe you we're done with your ass
What about working peoplelike me Chuck who were forced to pay penalties but could not afford Obamacare I was paying someone else's way f you
Themselves
GOP stands for the people in these photos.
My son suffers from a mental illness. We are self employed and have individual marketplace policies, he is on CHIP. When he is 19 what then?
Go home chuck. Please
2 and than maybe we will hear from you
Hey! Cut it out w/the amateur props and put together a hard hitting message that doesn't pull punches for fear of offending moderate Repubs!
Chuck another subway derailment haven't heard from you, Gov or Kirsten. Will get back to you and let you know if any Muslim were on board 1
The GOP stands for millionaires but will sit, roll over and beg for the Koch monsters.
73 MILLION did NOT vote for #TrumpCare;

Small 62 Million voted to cancel ACA/food stamps/disability coverage/Vets coverage under Medicaid
U stand for urself and always have
Another Photo-op for Schumer. Disgusting!
My aunt, who was widowed and childless, with no accumulated wealth, suffered from severe dementia in final years. Medicaid was a Godsend.
that is who Medicaid is for.
I stand for using my hard earned money to take care of and pay insurance for MY family.
Dss need to start tweeting the changes they want in #trumpdeathbill. Get it on record. Use Trumps strategy as it works. Unless you have none
They stand for all of America Chuck.  Those who want a balanced budget and good healthcare for all.   Pander much?
#DNCFraudLawsuit  #DemExitNOW #DemExitForever  cheats will pay
Jesus.. I use inhalers. I can attest to this. I haven't purchased more than a rescue one because of the cost. So terrible.
That's terrible. It's so ridiculous to charge so much for a person to be able to breathe. Advair works well for me but so expensive.
You realize this has zero to do with ObamaCare or TrumpCare which are about Health INSURANCE.  The COST of HealthCare is a different story.
