Using WAPO as a reliable source by Democrats is like listening to Tokyo Rose and Herr Goebbles.
Chuck. TIME TO RETIRE ! Your USELESS FOR THE PEOPLE 
Don’t you realize they can lie with impunity and win? Can’t believe you haven’t figured out how to combat it! This is insufficient.
I agree with the statement 'lie with impunity'-----we only have to look at Obama,Hillary,Lois Lerner, AG Lynch, Comey etc etc
Citing the Wa PO is almost as credible as citing a Democrat!  But you know that, don't you Chucky?
Really Chuck??? Wapo. The leader/co-leader in fake news..can somebody get this guy a real newspaper
Lies and more lies
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor
Rich constituents demanding local tax & mtg interest deductions continue. Many low-middle income don't get those deductions,why should they?
Flat tax! Everyone should pay something.  No one should be punished for being successful! End the loopholes and make the tax code fair
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan $1.5TrillionTaxCuts & Medicare/Medicaid Cuts 4 #CorporateTaxCuts & #EstateTaxRepeal-Gotta to be kidding!
Death tax is one of the most heinous & unfair gov't ntax grab of people's property.
Senator, we all know the 'fact checker' at WAPO has now become a propaganda arm of the left quick to attack conservatives.  Like using Baghdad Bob as an honest spokesperson
The Washington Compost is the source?  Really?
Is this hurting your pockets?
Same WaPo that had Hillary winning in a landslide?
The Washington Post now that's a credible publication.
The GOP tax plan is better than the DEM tax plan
Who cares if the rich get a tax cuts..this is America. A country where you can be a public servant and end up a millionaire, huh Chuck.
Why would anyone rational quote the Washington Post ?
Can’t someone tell me why the DNC thinks success is a 4 letter word?
Why donu hate American workers?
So WHAT! So you are going to block my chance of some needed tax breaks because some rich people might save some money too? #giveMeABreak
Your tax break will be minimal, theirs huge. You need a break. they do not & can afford to pay even more. Tax breaks 4 rich =trouble 4 us
Plus what kind of troubles? Don't they say trickle down is BS? seems high tax forces jobs to move out. I feel that.
Trickle down is BS. Companies move cuz greed- can get even richer elsewhere, tho plenty rich here. They have no "rich enuf" point.
So no breaks for me. Everything stays the same. Great idea.
Assuming u r not rich, I'd give u a tax break. I think the rich need an increase in taxes. They continue 2 pull away from the pack in wealth
I am very not rich. And I don't care about the rich.I'm thinking of me
Maybe they mean just the super mega rich will? I don't think anything should pass until we see how it affects ALL trump family taxes.
Post is fake news Chuck. Please use reliable sources for an intelligent debate..
How many Pinocchios have they given their own coverage over the last two years?
Please chuck.....do you have to duplicate your cartoon face?? They shortened your nose a bit.
Really? The Washington Post? Must be true then
Schumer, I'm surprised u can turn sideways without knocking someone over with Your Pinocchio size nose! #HYPOCRITE
Why are you so scared of tax cuts for people that work their ass off & can't afford healthcare? We know you don't care about deficit. So?
How many did you get ?
Washington Post LOL
fake news
Lie,lie,lie,lie,the greedy old party themesong!
Are those available as emoji's, for your sake I hope they are not....
Well after all it is the fakenews #washingtonpost
Looks more like a you senator! Not pinnochio! WaPo king of the lying tabloid rags!
Have to pay taxes before you can get a cut. Make up more crap, chuck. Facts are a waste of ur time. Just be negative constantly =ur agenda
Given not all the facts are known and the option for an additional top end bracket, what exactly is the icymi basing their comments on?
I give your account 4 Stalins, and a Goebbels  for pure lying content.
There's not enough Pinocchio noses in this entire world to rate your incompetence as a senator. Piss and wine easy. Solving is hard. try it
They aren't getting a tax cut. And the Washington post tends to be overtly liberal in their view. Game over, please try again
LMFAO!!!! The washington post creates bogus stories constantly. You’re citing them? Shame on you, are you in high school?

sick of these lying liars! GREED OVER PEOPLE sycophants are just reprehensible and must be stopped and voted out of office. COUNTRY FIRST!
From anonymous sources? 
You and WaPo have no credibility. Did you read the plan? Looks like you haven't.
I'll read the bill, as I would not take your immature, incompetent, divisive word as truth! Corrupt Schumer! @SenateDems @POTUS
Chuck the Washington Compost is your Socialist Propaganda just like CNN and MSNBC. Does your mouth hurt when you propagate fabricated Lies?
So what tax cut did you come up with the last 8 years.   Nothing
You mean the Washington Clinton Post... So far up the Dems behind... please at lease mourn a few days Chuck
O)h the newspaper that only fit to use at the bottom a bird cage.
JUST MORE RHETORICAL POLITICAL DRIBBLE...  contact your Congressional Representatives and TELL THEM how to VOTE.
I give them 4 "Fake News"---much worse than a pinnocho...

FAKE NEWS    FAKE NEWS    FAKE NEWS    FAKE NEWS
WPost won't let us read the article-sure sign they have no clue what they are talking about. Don't want people who know to catch their lies.
Millions of Americans don't and can't rely on @washingtonpost ................ we are not fools, you are though!
Chuckles deserves 7 pinnochios for everything he's said to America on CNN.  Climate hoax, tax hoax, Obamacare hoax, a long list of bullcrap.
@KellyannePolls again with FACTS from the POST LMAO  geez snap out of it chuck  no one believes them , thats why the DNC is a loser and GOP will win more seats in SEN
Y'all need to get your shit together in Congress. The American people are tired of all yall's silly bullshit. Very tired
Alert: Chuck every time you open your grandstanding mouth your part goes down another rung! Please shut up & do something & get to work
You mean the people that don't pay taxes aren't going to pay less than zero. #mathishard Chuck
Lovely how they just flat-out lie.
MSM & Dems are ripe for failure! They underestimate the people even after we told them we're on to them, idiots! Fun to watch!
Chuck; consider the source...they have retracted more front page story's than TMZ.
Liar, liar, pants on fire!!
A tax plan, the specifics of which, have not been written and WAPO has the goods on it? They lie and you swear to it.
Great source of info Chuckles!
Wapo what a left wing trusted source for liberal propaganda keep reading and following chucky
Gary Cohn is lying for his own benefit and the benefit of his friends
He takes time away from stealing our money to lie to our face.
Chuckie you have a history of lying so go crawl under a rock. Swamp creature
Good. Because we certainly wouldn't want to reward working families that have become wealthy. Only Congress. Hollywood, athletes deserve it
Gee... its the Washington post, and you take them seriously? Says a lot about your credibility  (basically zero)
YOU AND WASHINGTON POST ARE FAKE NEWS PROPAGANDA TABLOID GARBAGE
I am sure you had plenty of pinnochio's to spare.  Just today on guns
William, thats a bunch of horseshit. Study it and if you believe the WAPO you aren’t qualified to vote. They are creating ludicrous stories
Everyone in congress knows this is a sham to shovel money to his buddies and business clients.
Chuck, anyone who relies on the WaPo for the truth is an intellectual cripple!
You ARE Pinocchio! #LyingChuckieSchumer
#CultOfChuckie #childsplay
So I guess you’re cool with big tax cuts for the rich (which also increase deficit by 1.5 trillion) (also GOP budget cuts Medicaid by 1T)
If we handed out pinnochios u & obama would be the grand wizards of lies America is awake we see u and u must GO vote out all dems 2018
#trumpisamoron
#TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpRussia impeach this maniac already. So much corruption in @gop
I do not care who you are...the dumpster is a menace and needs to go
Gray Cohn is a multi-millionaire banker who would benefit tremendously from this tax plan. His words are meaningless. It’s a sales pitch.
Agree!  He’s the front man for the GOPs plan to further impoverish the 99%.  We need a bigly change in D.C.!
He said mid class can do kitchen renov or take fam vacation w 1k. So disconnected from citizenry & thinks they need very liitle vs impt ppl
I bet his kitchen looks like s***.
What kitchen?  He dines at his club. How very plebeian of you to suggest he lives like we of the 99%!
ESTATE TAX AND ELIMINATION OF ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX - TOTALLY AIMED AT TRUMP AND WEALTHY IN GENERAL
Democrats are the king of lying. You like your plan keep it. You like your doctor keep them. Silly democrats
#trumpisamoron
most Americans would take Mr. Cohns word over senator chuckles
Obamacare will lower premiums, keep your Dr keep your plan all lies your nose should be hitting the floor
#WaPo, that's a real authority.  Aren't they owned by #Amazon?  Isn't that what my Amazon deliveries are wrapped in?
Hahahahaha 
