GOP are greedy little annoying ones
It will come back to bite them! The GOP will most definitely be regretting this rule change! They will NOT be in the majority to much longer
I doubt the crybaby party (Democrats) will be a party much longer.
Crybaby party?
As opposed to the fascist white supremacist party?
You people are in your way out
No more Neanderthals
#Resist
U socialists are on the way out. Our constitution will be restored!
Well perhaps you should have negotiated better before scorched earth policy came down... Sucks to be you.
If we weren't allowed to have our popular votes count, they shouldn't either! #BlockGorsuch
#RepublicansAreRuiningUs
U need to study the constitution
Aww how cute, you think your serious commentary is valid in times of angry sarcasm. You need to get a sense of humor and a conscience.
I have a conscience but I'm not sure about democrats
That was a sweeping and juvenile comment.  You think you have a monopoly on caring about our nation?
And if it was for the guy, then totes 
Chuckie, it's your own damn fault. U have been nothing but a complete obstructionist!  U R the hippocrite, Sir!!
You antiAmerican liberals care more about ego than about doing the work of the people - you overplayed your hand & lost. Pay, next election!
Who are you calling antiAmerican when your celebrates a self-admitted, self-described Racist Sexual Predator?
I don't think you were partisan. Gorsuch was really a bad choice and that really gets lost in all of this.
He is a great choice.
Regardless of politics, it's irresponsible for the @GOP to give a lifetime appointment by a president currently under federal investigation
Rice and Obama should be under investigation. They violated the constitution
They can't win fairly, so they cheat. Change the rules, gerrymandering, making it hard to vote at all. Such dishonor.
This rule was changed by Dems in 2013. Now the GOP is able to use their precedent. ;)
After 83 filibusters by the GOP.
So your excuse to claiming the gop changed rules  was to blame them for filibustering? Lol. Good one. This is entirely on the left
I know Reid changed the rules, but if you can't see why he looked for a way to counter GOP obstruction, you're not being fair.
Fair ? Ha ha. This isnt about fairness. Its about the rules and how the dnc changed them and has libiots claiming the gop did.
Senator Schumer thank Harry Reid for this by the way.
You have no standing to complain when your party dishonestly politicizes the confirmation process. You want judges to be politicians
the rules that democrats made. Karma chucky.
Dictators No No No
This is a disaster -- but it'll blow up in their faces come midterm elections. #NeverGorsuch -- he's as mess!
Yes. The Damocraps have shown their lying asses so much, they've destroyed their own party.
Demand publicly to wait till the russian investigation is over so we dontvend up with an illegitimate supreme Court judge
Despicable
@fritchee / If Republicans can't win according to the rules, they just change the rules. This is only the beginning.
They should be careful.
Karma.
This IS karma...for the Democrats. They're the ones who changed the rule in 2013. :)
Only if we abolish the electoral vote and vote for presidents by popular vote ONLY
Congratulations! You win the prize for the most ridiculous statement on the internet today.
Democrats will come back to power sooner than Republicans expect. This will come back to bite them firmly on the ass. #NuclearOption
If the Dems keep it up there will no Democratic Party
Keep dreaming. Have you checked your presidents approval ratings lately? And falling
About as phoney as the 11/2016 poll that said Crooked Hillary was way ahead.
The crooked one is trump and his henchmen
Chuckie, wasn't it you dems that put that rule in a few years back. Not being very honest now are we
We'd better be prepared to flip the Senate in 2018...
You won't be... you'll get donkey punched again
Let's get Ginsberg and another lib off the bench now!
RBG's 84, Kennedy's 80, Breyer is 78... My bet is Trump gets at least one more appointment.
I'm hoping for two.
At least!
No worries Chuck.  The American people will take note for 2018!
Thank your for all your hard work, the American people are with you. The GOP are showing the criminals they are.
you dems think your being smart by what you did but take my word on all you do it will come back and bit you rigt in the ass in in the end
Thank you for standing up for us @SenSchumer. But they can't just change the rules to suit themselves, that's what children do. #resist
They didn't change the rules. Harry Reid did in 2013.
After 79 SEVENTY NINE judges blocked by the corrupt McConnell. Changed rules after ONE. Go back to your borscht and vodka, Comrade Sweeney.
Please give us solid proof of corruption so we can have him charges with the crimes.
<Really Chuckie? Dingy Harry Reid is the mastermind of this maneuver! Can you spell HYPOCRITE Chuckie?
2018 - we're putting as many Dems as possible back in the Senate/House @WhiteHouse Rethuglicans MUST go. #StopGorsuch#TrumpRussia#RussiaGate
U will see your Senate minority shrink drastically in 2018
No constitutional requirement for 60 votes, just democrat senate rule.
Chuck chuck chuck I think your senile and should retire yourself to the villages in Florida you have absolutely no clue Resign
He needs 2 take Waters & Skeletor with him Those 2 women r literally out of their minds I swear its dementia Sure they can get a group rate

#NoNuclearOption if you can't win the game you don't change the rules to
What? Who are the Dems to be lecturing? Dems always change the rules after the game starts. U have Sen Reid to thank for nuclear option.
#schumerpredator you suck!
Only one thing left. 2018
Yes maybe dems well become 38 member minority in Senate then.
Is there anything that can be done to prevent this?
#impeachtrump
This is a horrible precedent to set!
Harry Reid and dems set this precident
Perhaps you shouldn't have tried to block a qualified SCOTUS candidate,Chuck- and  Reid shouldn't have threatened going nuke in the past!
Perhaps #MerrickGarland deserved a vote when he was nominated 
Can you say " Biden Rule " ???   Don't whine when your own tactics are used against you !
Can you say, "What McConnell did to Garland wasn't the Biden rule?"
Oh, so it's only valid if a Democrat does it ?
When did a Democrat do that?
stop whining.  suck it up and move on.
It's a disgrace. Congress and the GOP are officially ruining this country. Morality, ethics, human decency, they're all gone.
Funny U mention decency, morality, & ethics. Dems have demonstrated complete lack of these qualities.
Putting the rules back to where they were before your buddy Harry Reid changed them....the horror.
good t GOP
He's so Senile... Permanent Mentally disturbed from out come of election "Butt Hurt Crazy" 4 life
good that is how the founding fathers wanted it
Can we get the same for the President? So we can get rid of the outdated Electoral College & Trump?
Hell No U will not get rid of the electoral college. That genius of founding fathers prevents California & New York from ruling the nation!
not only that but our country wouldn't be in ruins right now if NY and CA had their day 
Doesn't the plagiarism issue bear discussion...seems dishonest to me. Not Supreme Court appropriate.
Get over it Chuckie, part of the fault is yours. Better hope you get the majority in 2018!
I hope Repubs get busy & WORK to WIN in 2018 & 2020 !!
I think it's great Mr.President Trump is doing a FANTASTIC job if you don't like it then LEAVE
So, Harry Reid started this option, why don't we call it for what it is? THE REID NUCLEAR OPTION!
Sorry Chuck, but that is blatantly false!  
There was no vote for Gorsuch ! There was a vote to determine if there would be an up/down vote.
Exactly right. Justice Thomas was confirmed 52-48 for example. The way Schumer twists things is disgusting.
The left plays on the peoples ignorance. They lie and twist the truth to advance agenda. #Socialism
#Lies #Deceit #Fraud 
Democrat Platform.
Liar, Liar Pants on Fire !! Every one of them !!
Harry Reid already did that ...  that is why we need to #draintheswamp with you in it as well
The Democrats new Name should be Filibuster.
And obstructionist!
60 votes is a recent change to the rules. You, directly caused the nuclear option. You are solely reaponsible
Isn't this the "Reid Rule"?  You have no one to blame but Democrats for this one...
Harry Reid!
I'm disgusted about Chuck schemer unable to earn 60 votes
THANK THE SENATOR FROM NEVADA  HARRY REID DEMOCRAT.
You should have won the election. It's great that you didn't. Much more entertaining whining like 2 year olds.
GOP fascists bought and paid for by Robert Mercer and V. Putin. Including Gorsuch. Partners in crime.
Your bud #HarryReid arranged this. You supported #Gorsuch b4 Trump. Dems mad about #Garland & @HillaryClinton
Dems will be forever mad they lost.We just have to be sure we WORK to WIN in 2018 & 2020 !!
Thank you Chuck  this is what partisan politics is all about
Hey remember when your side did it and used it multiple times! Cause I do
Silly you, come on, they are allowed to do what ever they feel is correct at that time with no accountability. We are the ones that CAN'T.
It's a sad day. America has been depressed since Election Day... this is a continuation
. Schumer  brought this on by trying to cater to his crazy, unhinged constituents.
. There's only one brain on the left and they all share it.
I see this as an opportunity this is the only seat their getting during Trumps only term so we will have to replace at least 3 in 2020
Trump will have 3 terms. 2 DJT and 1 Ivanka.
Hahaha oh boy republicans ability to face reality is worse than I thought lol
I've lived a reality you've only watched on tv. Now, until the Dems clean up the HSE and SEN you can bet that the GOP  will retain the WH
Dangerous precident.  What's wrong with our country?
Harry Reid set this precedent.
For a supreme Court nominee?
You should've made work on improving the ACA conditional on confirmation of Garland! Is it too late now?
horrific. What happened to following the rules? What happened to humbly accepting defeat and moving forward? #shameful
Never has a SCOTUS appointment been filibustered strictly due to partisan politics, until Gorsuch.
(1/2) This filibuster wasn't about partisan politics. Gorsuch is unqualified to serve on the court, and...
Let's hope so!!!!!!
Pray for Justices Ginsburg and Breyer, because their replacements will be more conservative than Gorsuch and will be confirmed by majority
Let us hope so!!!!
Have them take a vote to delay vote on gorsuch until the FBI investigation is over!
The FBI investigation is a counter intelligence investigation, not criminal.
DEMS changed the rule to allow going nuclear. Sour grapes now DEMS no longer in power. you are pathetic
There'll be 60+ in 2019...thanks to you, Harry, & Nancy.  Good work nitwit.
Stop lying, you know it is called the "Reid option" for a reason. Don't be part of the problem, be part of the solution. Please
Which is the way it worked for over 200 years, you hysterical sissy.
Bitching about the #nuclearoption? Hey, snowflakes, turnabout is FairPlay.  It's your rule, live with it.
Hahahahah Merry Christmas! That was fffffuuuunnnyyy.......
Pretty sure that rule was in place by dems we want all senate reps to act like adults and do their job.
Let this inspirational Obama quote soothe you, Chuck: 

"We won. Get over it."
Are you gonna cry again?
Let me ask: Is it that #Gorsuch is not qualify to be #SCOTUS or #Democrats doesn't just like him?
thank u Harry Reid for showing us that going Nuclear is the way u do it, instead of working together w the other side! Paybacks
You made this possible not trump!! If it was you, you would do the same!  Quit stirring poop!
God judge you because have shredded the Constitution and Christian values laid down by USA forefathers
Thank you harry the liar reid! Hey Scummer try a cold shower. Your impotence has been noted!
If you dont like the game change the rules! That's a cowards way of playing. "I can't win so I'm taking my ball home"boohooo bunch of dicks
I have to ask. How can you look at yourself in the mirror?
Schumer, your actions are reprehensible; you divide the nation and hurt the very people you claim to want to help.  Please, just go away!
YOU  better hope Baby Ruth hangs on because YOU just guaranteed a conservative replacement if she goes..
Inconvenient truth, the Dems and Harry Reid made this possible
And we have your good buddy Harry to thank for that little gem! Aww Chucky, missed your big chance,didn't ya?With him in, well, you know..
Go GOP.  Reid option!
Poor Charlie Brown go talk to Lucy........LMAO
As they should and as you would .. poor loser. Elections have consequences. And so does Harry Reid's great idea . Lol
In case you failed to notice, the Senate belongs to the people, We the People. It doesn't belong to you or your clubby friends.
Why don't you get a real job and get off the Public Teat?
Chuck if you truly cared about American ppl you'd approve him you'd compromise. Traitors go down N history 4 treason. "Your motives R clear"
how can you in good conscious spew this nonsense?!  theres tons of video footage of you defending for dems what the GOP did today! #fraud
Thanks Harry Reid for teaching the Reps the way to victory. Can't wait for the next @POTUS nominee now.
hay chuckles ,you dems aready changed the rules in 2013 ,when you couldnt get 60 ,why dont you grow the hell up and think about this country
Hey fake tears Schumer,...you should call your hero Harry Reid and thank him for this gift that youre giving Republicans.
You Dumocrats changed the rules-just sit down and shut up when someone plays by them!
You can thank Harry Reid, remember him?  Stop lying to us, it's a completely different world where we don't wait to see 11 news
He doesn't need 60 shmucky your boy Dirty Harry started this...
Judge Gorsuch didn't get 60 because you decided to obstruct @realDonaldTrump #SCOTUS pick.He is qualified and U started this nonsense in 13.
You mean Democrats who supported him in 2006 (yourself included) decided to throw a temper tantrum cuz Hillary didn't win.
Poor @SenSchumer, dem hypocrites getting payback. It is time for you to sit down and shut up.  Real leadership is at work.
Thank you Harry Reid ... #GorsuchVote
Those rules were already changed under DEMOCRATS.  We are just using it for the first time on the SCOTUS is all.  How you like it Chucky?
Reid changed the rule jackass
How many votes did Clarence Thomas get?
Ah, bitching about a rule your party made.  What's that make you Chuckie?
These are rules Dirty Harry Reid & Co had no problem using against Republicans. #Karma
What a shame you are to our country.  I'm embarrassed to be from the same state as you.
Well at least Harry was good for something
Thanks to Harry Reid
Porvesito niñito!  Don't cry crybaby Chuckie "Tears" Schumer.
historically appointees have been a simple majority vote. Wasn't until recently rules were changed to require 60 to get floor vote.
. Schumer this is exactly what you asked for with your anti American resistance
Winning #GOP
Bummer! #GorsuchConfirmed
love the way Justice Gorsuch sounds!  Music to the American people's ear! Thank Harry and Dems!!!!
Are you mad that the Biden Rule applies to you?  Hipocrite. That is why no Merrick Garland vote.
You and your partisan to the death Dem buddies all voted for Gorsuch as Federal judge. You know he's qualified for SCOTUS.
Go do something you are insulting the American  publics intelligence
Like the Dem's would never do that!
Good thing your buddy Harry Reid made this all possible
You can thank the Democrats for changing the rule.
Harry Read thank you
Only reason he didn't reach the 60 votes is cause the democrats childish actions!!!
We don't like lying chuck!
Y'all created the damn rule. Blame Reid.
GREAT. You Democrat jackasses started this with Harry Reid. You reap what you sow Chuckie. Deal with it. Let's say BUH BYE to Ruth next!!
Thank you @SenateMajLdr ! You sent the Democrats back to their safe space.
Yes!  Thank you,  Harry Reed. Say, " thank you, Harry Reed," Mr Shummer!!
Well the Dems did it so why not
Elections have consequences.  Remember, that's what your hero said.   So true.
You already changed the rules for nominations. Why can't the republicans do it? Have you ever asked yourself why still the minority party
It is all your fault. You got exactly what you wanted.
USA now Officially BANANA REPUBLIC. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump and other traitors.
Oh, please.  Try making a statement without reading it, even if it's one sentence.
Revenge is a dish best served cold. You can thank Harry Reid.
Your legacy will be one of great American DIVIDER (up there with McConnell). Hope you sleep well knowing YOU caused this. 
Thank Harry Reid !!! Thanks Harry !!!
Great job Chuck! Congratulations to Judge Gorsuch !
Thank God!
See 2013, How ironic
You know that GOP did NOT chg Senate RULES but Senate PRECEDENT after u set precedent by staging 1st ever partisan filibuster. UR Dispicable
That's right Chuckie! You can thank your fellow leftist buddy Harry Reid for that!!! Thanks Harry. You guys are imbeciles!!
They're not the ones you enabled that.......but you know.....facts.
Can't un-ring a bell. Sure hate to see them do this
It was your party that changed the rules.
I am in agreement with the concept that 9 votes above the simple majority of 51 is desirable due to both the importance of the position.
. . . lenght of term.
Self Inflicted
