Warm welcome to @SenSchumer! #HofGrad17 #HUWorldChanger 

Any liberals got the balls to walk out on this  
is it worth letting Mexico to toss illegals on USA just so globalists  get cheap outsourcing? NYC/SF=crazy operating/healthcare/living cost
please resign now
Chuck.  You are a bad guy and you do not have  americas best interests at heart.  You should resign immediately
Our president makes you look incredibly stupid, grow up and stop all the bs, vote DEms out!
I demand your resignation. Tatiana
Did you give your boring vanilla graduation speech again??
Who, in their right mind, would listen to u, much less any dem. U don't ever have a positive message. It's filled with hate and lies.
Great illustration of what our colleges are NOT teaching students - tolerance and truth.
Shame on them for welcoming a hypocrite

Any "conservatives" turn their back or walk out?  Doubt it - they know the meaning of "respect". #termlimits

Do you disavow your friend Anthony #Weiner 's inappropriate behavior w/ under age girls? Please issue statement & disavow #Weiner !
Have you heard this joke? Anthony Weiner is proof The Clintons don't kill people. It's pretty funny.
Booooooooooooooo!
You are the poster boy for corruption and mental instability

How much did you make on the speech?
Can't wait for them to enter the real world, where there are no safe spaces with puppies and crayons.
What a horrible person! Chuck has done nothing for the American people! MSM props him up for propaganda.
Four yrs of education and the last lecture is from a corrupt congressman.  They should ask for a refund.
Ha Chucky did you know Michael Obama is really a man CNN just reported that. What's your explanation of this news it was on cnn
#goof #clown
Schmuck gave the Be A Victim rant
Great leadership shown by @POTUS #Saudivisit. Direct talk, combat terrorism. Saudi warm welcome & honor for @POTUS , @FLOTUS,& @IvankaTrump
Not like the dummy left welcoming their speakers.
Anybody walk out on you today sir? I'd doubt it.
Republicans are more respectful so they may not like a person but they are not rude or disrespectful
Yes, I'm sure you're right.
Heard that same speech 20 times now, if these kids learned anything they would have booed you off the podium, putz
Quite a difference to reception of Pence & DeVos -keep fighting the good fight our democracy is literally at stake 
Not like Pence at Norte Dame.
Lucky graduates I love chuck schumer
Compare and contrast!
I graduated from there 32 years ago.  Yikes!
Hmm, things went a little differently at Norte Dame. @WeStandForND !
college campuses r obsolete swamps. online education is the future. give that land to vets, seniors, hospitals and children
No drama there .  Congrats Graduates !!
Poor fucking kids.
#wethepeople @SenSchumer chuckles thank the American PEOPLE 2018 send them home
Did you drink pool water as a child?
@CBSPolitics @ChicagosMayor lawful status granted by Elizabeth Rochford petaARDCfrauds. Unfit employment. Startup issues @USSupremeCourt ©™®
You are a Obstructionist / Democrat you hate Law and Order and the Constitution.
Did anybody walk out? I bet not.
Stay strong Shumer - Get rid of Trump!
We need his ass GONE. Connect the dots and rid the American People of Trump. Please!
Not going to happen. I support President Trump 100%
Bye Felicia
