They also feared Roosevelt; Congress fought his agenda relentlessly; he ran his first term w/o VP. Ur job in all this is to PASS our AGENDA!
STOP SCAREING PEOPLE WITH YOUR LIES

Great News: Driving to DC with Trump bumper sticker & getting thumbs ups from other drivers.

#SaturdayMorning #SatChat 
At what income level?  Don't throw  out there without all the information
Most Middle Class Americans are max at 15% and now would be at 25%.  Those at 10% now go to 12%.  Those are facts mam
A Corporation has built almost everything you enjoy. Thanks to the Clinton's renting out the Lincoln Bedroom it's no longer built in USA.
Does that mean 3/4 would pay less
1) So 3/4 will pay less. 2) All that pay more are in Lib states. So, I'm good with it.
Moron
I am middle class and haft of my hard earned $ gets handed out by the govt to ppl on welfare and who don't work!! I will benefit from tax !
Mr Schumer. You are flat wrong. You do nothing to help America. You sit on your butt and talk. Should like our last president. Get to work.
I checked mine and I save $1100+.  The only ones paying more would be those who pay nothing now.  Only fair they finally start.
Chuck U USED 2 B a real Senator. Voting for good of all USA & supporting OUR POTUS. Now = smug party politician.Out for fame & party Ok! SAD
RENEW CHIP PROGRAM!
You have voted on things in your past that has brought US to this terrible point. Instead of supporting US now, you lie again. Yrs of Dem BS
Chuck's just overwhelmed with the fact that his piggy bank is safe.
clearly your afraid of a strong economy..   just more politicizing from the dems at the expense of the country.   sick stuff schumer
Lies
If you stop giving away our money our taxes could be lowered
Using buffoonery to fight your disdain for Donald only stirs people to fear+hate! When the truth of new taxes are proven you’ll be shamed.
Hey Chucky what do you know about tax reform you proved yourself inept for 8 years
So what about the three quarters that will save
Middle incomers come to expect nothing more from the Republican party than more tax burden on them while the uber rich can't give it away
Coming from somebody that failed in math!
And in NY state a lot more in taxes at the same time it destroys our state
Most of these people get it wrong every time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq4WBOkFNtE …

hmmm
Liar....Tell the truth.  All people would pay same tax across the board.  You're just worried you wont get that under the table paycheck
Wrong crying chuckle
To all you Schumer sheep, he's blocking this to help his rich constituents. It's a great start for the middle class and hurts the rich.
He doesn't want that and his constituents are pushing him hard. Rep. Peter King having same problem. Rich protecting the rich. Lying Chuck.
Because they live in CA NY PA and won't get a break on Crazy State income tax? #MAGA
BS
Scare tactics so democrat like playing that old game that you'll lose
As what's your plan? I know, do absolutely nothing and complain about those who do.
Including me-single income retired and I'll be damned if I am going to pay 35% while the rich and corporations pay 20%!!
You don't even know what u are taking about, the lowest class will not even pay taxes. Educate yourself by reading instead of watching cnn.
Hopefully I fall in the 75% who don't. Thanks GOP, thanks President Trump for a nice tax cut!!!
So your a "yes" then.

Didn’t you and Obamaput is $10 trillion in debt. You know nothing shut up
What???   3/4 middle income families will pay less in taxes?    We are almost there!!!   Yeeeehaaaa!

You're the rich one, chuck. Stop acting like your poor.
democrats raised the national dept by how much under your fearless leader obama,so we dont need your opinion on anything,chuckie
Do you fill anything lieing to people who you are serving. You are one of the most dishonest man there is.
Lies
Stop, will you please.
Stuff your lies, Chuck
Sorry chuck I don't believe you
You are able to write off your taxes while most new yorkers can't how is that fair
If you are saying you won't be able to right off your taxes than your problem is with coumo that raised taxes so high
Nope more lies
They haven't released specifics yet so how would they now or are they assuming
https://www.speaker.gov/sites/speaker.house.gov/files/Tax%20Framework.pdf …
3/4 wont but u will no state tax reductions
WTF Chuck! This is crazy!
STOP LYING 2 YOUR CONSTITUENTS CHUCK!

YOU'VE BEEN IN OFFICE FOREVER& DO NOTHING 2 HELP THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! YOU LOVE ILLEGALS! PERIOD!
When it comes to the tax budget, it gives more to the rich, reduces  medicate by a large margin, And trump should know about taxes, because  we're still waiting to see his taxes!!!
Where do you come up with data? Middle class has been killed by you folks.
Your support of Obama has always said loud and clear you do not care about the American people. You care about what you are not getting
no it don't you're just mad its going to hit your rich friends in Cali NY hard 
This is what President; Trump is good for, and some on his   administration for contradictions! When It come to Puerto Rico! lies, lies!!
75% would benefit, better than nothing, which is what democrats give us that doesn't count bigger child credit
Trump tax plan in a nutshell!
What was Obama’s tax plan? More taxes,more taxes and more taxes.
So you're telling me 3/4 of middle-income would pay less? And you're referring to the ones that make the higher-end & live in high tax citys
Mr. Schumer, you seem to be deceiving some folks but not those We know, with your half truth twists
LIAR
Damn lie!!! Keep spinning it!!
Political game resist everything against PT but in reality you are resisting the American people # you resign Chuck Schumer

@SenSchumer YOU ARE SUCH A LIAR
Then I m sure Obstructionist Chuck wouldn't mind donating his Congressional salary to the American taxpayer. Do your part Chuckie!
It helps lower middle-class and businesses the upper classes taxes go up
"Trump wants to raise your taxes from 10 & 15% to 12 & 25%." Why is this hard? Why isn't this the 1st sentence out of every Dem mouth?
This ridiculous political climate has made them lose their minds. They're not even trying to hide it anymore.
Just shut up Upchuck. U will DO & SAY ANYTHING to derail @POTUS agenda. @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan
Chuck, you need to stop bullshitting people. This plan ONLY cuts Government income.
Pay attention #DumbAsses. What Americans care about RIGHT NOW: #TaxReform! Support it or get real jobs!
Numbers don't lie. Rhetoric needs to silenced. Typical examples ( family of 4 w/ mortgage and X income) would help too vs macro stats.
Unacceptable!
Fake News
Sen. Schumer is "going through a phase, it's called brain dead."
Just awful! Tax breaks for the billionaires while flying private planes and playing golf. Bunch of crooks!
Obama officials also used charter planes and Obama has cost taxpayers $105 million since he retired on vacation travel security
What are you doubt to secure the funding for CHIP & community health centers?
Can they pass?
Still waiting for the "miracle." Maybe he means it will be a miracle that GOP writes a bill that can get passed?
Mr Negative!  He needs to be taken behind a woodshed for a lesson in life.
I don’t want to!
Leader Schumer...please say this is DOA? Killing the CBO score? Really?
WHOA...GOP Senators' proposed budget resolution...

REMOVES CBO SCORE ALL TOGETHER.…
OF course.....
