Americans know how heartless ending #DACA is; ripping apart families & telling ppl who have worked hard to become Americans they must leave.
Trump ama a #Dreamers. Ahora es USTED quien escribe la ley para mantenerlos aquí permanentes!
Chuck you've been taped. Chuck Schumer Literally Flip-Flopping on EVERYTHING - #TFNOriginal https://youtu.be/35hpyBiYUt0   via @YouTube
Chucky you voted for the law as on books. So stop crying and blaming and you and your lazy stealing buddies can rewrite the law.  Your job!!
And if DACA gets challenged in court, what do u think the outcome is to be? Trump had to act to keep it out of court. Legislate-thats UR job
Stop the lying! If they are Americans, no worries #hypocrisy #hatemonger
Gee Chuck. You'll have to work with Congress to solve DACA. What's your recommendations?
Cruel and heartless is neglecting us law abiding taxpayers, stealing our tax dollars to help violate our rights and further destroy America
Watch
IT'S A DAM NICE THING TO Hear from all the true Americans who go out to provide for their families, pay taxes and don't look for a free ride
Maybe you can start doing your job now. Did you not know DACA had an expiration date. U had the majority and did nothing. Shame
Here's the link to becoming a U.S. citizen.
I did it! It instilled a feeling of gratitude as opposed to one of entitlement in me
Congratulations. You are a true American
Thank you I will be ever grateful for the privilege of even being able to apply for visas for self and 5 kidsGettinMorrison Visa best day
Where's the theme music?  You didn't arrange a sound track?  Wow... fail.
That is their parents fault. They should of never came here illegally. So let's reward illegals for coming here illegally. NOOOOOOOOOOO
Kind of forgetting that they are illegal under the law. At least File for citizenship right.
Don't like the law? Change it.  Until then, it's the law and breaking it is an issue that needs to be dealt with.  #yourtheblameschumer
Chuck Schumer needs to stop pontificating and get to work. If you love DACA so much, Then pass legislation in Congress or shut the hell up.
What exactly don't you understand about illegal alien. Without Borders you have no country.
... I KNOW why U  Dems don't give a CRAP about Native pples... U don't THINK THEY ARE A BIG ENUF DEM VICTIM CLASS / VOTING BLOCK. U suk.
Illegal immigration is not the American way. Do as our grandfathers did- Got in line and applied themselves.
So, proud of your racism much?
You have injected to much Estrogen Democrats only care for Votes, listen to Crying Chuck
Do you normally join conversations by shouting nonsensical insults and ignoring the topic under discussion? Here's a suggestion:
Dude it's Social Media you're calling people racist you never meet I'm calling out you're lack of knowledge &  you're Indoctrination.
*your
I know Chuck doesn't read his Twitter because he doesn't want to hear the truth. He's a poster boy for term limits. Time to retire...
Not really Chuck. Illegal is still illegal. If the laws were enforced in the passed we wouldn't be in this position now. This is on you too.

CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
If they worked so hard at being Americans why haven't they got their citizenship yet?
They didn't work hard enough. Which laws do you support ? We either have laws that everyone obey or we don't. You cannot pick and choose.
Sen Schumer told them they must leave.
Democrats are Schizophrenic
it is not ending DACA - it is giving Congress the opportunity to fix it right!  CONGRESS NEEDS TO DO THEIR JOB BUT DEMS WON'T HELP!
All for ALL u libnuts who LOVE illegals, where is your love for our Native Americans, many of whom live in extreme poverty & strife?...
POINT: Trump has NOT ONCE SAID he will deport these kids. He is trying to stop future INVASIONS by citizens of foreign countries.
Heartless is the one's putting the burden of their lives on our pocketbooks
the more children the more money yall make in ur sex traffic ring. SICK
I became an American there is only one way! Obey the law and work hard!AmericaFirst then lets see what happensNot obliged to keep illegal EO
I am sure your taxpayers LOVE the extra property tax bills they pay educating illegals. You ever actually calculate that?
Chuck it's really YOU and the DEMs who are heartless. You knew that the DACA was illegal but you still encouraged (illegal) immigration.
We have to reduce incentives for people bringing their children here. Common sense
Schumer is a shyster the parents a legal so are the kids if they're not they both need to go
Not ripping apart families parents need to go too both here illegally parents are legal that means the kids are don't give me bullshit
No reason for this action on DACA should hurt ANYONE. If only CONGRESS would do what it is supposed to do - legislate. DO YOUR JOB - WORK!

Enter legally
Follow the constitution!!!  Get legal
Yes they need to know the truth obama broke the law the dems approved & support illegal laws don't hide the truth
Legal Americans are dreamers also, stand up for American citizens or resign, we are sick of listening to your BS.
Yes shut the Hell up about other Batuonalities! Charity begins at HOME! Resign!NOWsick of ur Crap! Quit wasting time we got a real POTUS now
There is something called the rule of law, isn't there?
Yes there is!ir is the real strength of any nation !
So full of hate!
They worked so hard that they didn't have time to apply for citizenship
Welcome the #IllegalAliens  back to school while we continue to go into debt ....it's called an invasion by another country
Democrats had almost 8 years to work on this. Now u have 6 months. Get to work and stop bitching. Do your damn jobs!
If only we had a Senator that could go on camera sporting big ole crocodile tears to call Trump a meanie britches....
Imagine a child, full of wonder & hope & realize Trump wants to make his own personal trail of tears with him/her - a sick, depraved legacy!
We have American citizens without food and electricity and we are worried about DACA for illegals.
Democrats have no respect for the rule of law .... only care about power and that's why they are not in power.
Legal immigrants are a blessing for America. ILLEGAL immigrants are exploited by democrats for votes and Republicans for cheap labor. #DACA
Illegal immigrants and people on DACA can't vote!!!!
What a bunch of rhetoric. This should have been addressed in Congress before Obama even signed an executive order. Now it can be addressed.
We can't do it. We just can't entice people to sign up and then use the info as a deportation list. We can't. 
Maybe Chuck and congress should stop being all talk and NO action!
Help these kids- they're Americans, but also enforce immigration laws and border security so this doesnt happen in the future.
What part of....breaking law does no one respect?

Nice laws you got there.
Those children did not break the law. Their parents did. Do we now send children of murderers to prison for life too? It's called empathy.
yep school kids go to school and he announces this.
So what's your point? This is a clueless statement
And rising tax dollars to pay for all this. And our American children who suffer because of lack of funding.  Really. N

Blame it on Obama & you chuckle. U bypassed congress & acted like kings & put dreamers where they r now, worrying about being deported!
My children are happy now because there is now money  for toilet paper at school!!
Then @SenSchumer and the rest of Congress should get off their asses and do something about it!
STOP ALL THE OBSTRUCTION Chuck
There is a way to fix that. Impeach Trump.
America is fed up with Trump and if he is not impeached soon I am afraid that the White House may end up a blood bath .
We stand with our #westchester neighbors no matter where they were born. We are all Americans.
No we're not all Americans. And we have laws in America for a reason. I feel bad for the immigrants to did this legally. That's not fair.
You agree with this reason?
I believe to come to this country u MUST do it legally, assimilate to our culture, and add to the fabric of our society.
Which these people have been doing, all their life. Why are you lacking in empathy for these people? Is it because they are not white?
Color is not an issue. The issue is they are not here legally. I have three legal immigrants working for me. From all over the world.
