Hope you said to #POTUS today > #Harvey #Irma #ClimateChange #ParisExit #ScottPruitt 
CURB FOSSIL FUELS 
THERE'S NO PLAN-et B 
Let us know when you rid the USA of Sanctuary Cities & uphold our immigration laws. Until then just sit down #Hannity
He held without cause without bail innocent AMERICANS who are Hispanic. Hopefully when they r the majority they won't return the favor.
He most certainly did not!

Sure.... the New Times 
Please please please remove this Mad Man from Office!!!!! #Impeach #Resist

You ran NY into the dirt.
CHUCKIE HOW ABOUT RULE OF LAW HILLARY OBAMA URANIUM DEAL DNC DOSSIER PAID FBI COLLUDED CAN'T HAVE IT 1 WAY UR THE PARTY OF CORRUPTION THE GOOD SHERRIF IS LAW &ORDER &PATRIOT UNLIKE UR PARTY OF HATE DO NOTHING WHEN YOU COULD HAVE
But the POTUS sees nothing wrong with that because he also feels he is above the laws of the land. Are you working to impeach?

Thank you Senator. As a third generation Mexican American,  I have experienced  racism up front and personal. I know do gave you!
-Give it up, CHUCK! U just keep digging, searching, creating “RACISM”! U, SENATOR, are one of the MOST RACIST SENATORS IN THE SENATE!! U R a DIRTY SENATOR!!! @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @CNN @HuffPost @DailyCaller @FoxNews @TGowdySC @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SenTedCruz @potus
Sorry Chuck he protected Arizonans!
He never protected citizens in AZ
So all those folks were just good old hard working Arizonans?
Old Joe broke the law, He never protected people in AZ,  Joe is going to burn in hell like Trump
When you get there look them up!!
Old Joe, cost taxpayers a lot of money,
Oh never mind that they were illegal!!
He's a sadist. Many were American citizens who happened to be the wrong color. No excuse to torture even if illegal! Shame on him, DJT & you
Illegals broke the law. #KateSteinle #BuildTheWall #EndDACA
Pass the duck ..sauce! Hope you tried enlightening #trump
re:Pruitt #EPAair h20 #ClimateChange #ParisAccord
running out for
How do you manage to live with your self?
Illegals. ILLEGALS!!!! Law breakers. Get it right Chuck. He upheld the law.
He tormented people! Many of which were American citizens who just happened to be the wrong color. He's a domestic terrorist.
Joe Arpaio is a great American, you couldn't come close to the integrity he has, in hind site you have done more damage to our country, damage we will never recover from with all your lies and thievery
He was doing the job our Senators refused to do in securing our border. I understand you r upset, some of your voters were stuck in Mexico
Trump needs to be impeached and removed from office
Clearly you're a troll with no understanding of the constitution or our system of government
Please remove this dictator from office!  He is ruining our country!!
I agree
#fakenews
Joe has more patriotism in his little finger than you entire party.
This SOB want to to be Senator. If convicted felons can’t vote even after they serve their sentence why should Joe Arpaio be allowed throw his hat in the ring to be their representative?
He was protecting American citizens. He saved countless American lives. He followed the law.
Accepting a pardon is legally an admission of guilt. He is a criminal.

What a pathological liar..or st the very least, being kind, what a fool!
I would take you more seriously if you called out the racist in your own party Chuckie.
Racism is a bi-partisan issue Chuckie!
No, try more like Obama sicked his dogs on him for doing his job. It is not @sheriffarpaio's job to "target" anyone, it was his job to uphold the law, something you dems know nothing about, hence we have sanctuary cities.
He was upholding the law and doing his job. When are you and demoncraps going to uphold the written laws and do your damn job. Border laws. Stop this illegal sanctuary city crap.
Senator we are getting tired of the race and bigotry card. Please work to get problems solved. Infrastructure,keeping jobs in the USA, education fixes, inner city issues like Chicago and Baltimore crime and murder rates would be a good start.


The definition of doing his job. If I break into your house, does that make me a resident? I bet your constituents are happy that you are putting their needs aside for illegal aliens.
You are the epitome of racism and bigotry against American citizens/ your agendas are nothing more than give aways
I have an idea Schumer, whey don't you let the dreamers live with you and you family, or let them live in your hell hole town you call home.
Your lies and this political crap needs to stop.  Arpaio was trying to protect the people in Arizona from ILLEGALS.  That is our LAW!  WE COME FIRST - NOT YOUR PATHETIC NEW ILLEGAL VOTERS. Immigrants are welcome, but not ILLEGALLY.  What don't you understand about that???????
He should be in jail and not in the senate...Here we go again with another Roy Moore situation #Resist
Obama let some Terrorist return to the battle fields and pardoned drug dealers and losers return to streets and many are back in prison.
Chuck thank u for your lies. Ur #saulalinsky agenda will not be tolerated in USA. Please resign today, thank u

Cheap lie, but that's how you roll. 
Sheriff Joe was doing his job.
You're just bothered he lessened your illegal voters. 
#AmericansFirst
 Exactly!
The Sheriff Was FOLLOWING THE LAW. Dems are angry because he was arresting Potential Illegal Voters for the Dems. Trumps action was LEGAL
Another bullshit acct
What will it take to create the will to remove this abomination from office? We are running out of time.
Trump is beyond dangerous and incompetent, the man is certifiable! invoke #25thAmendment NOW!!!!
Trump has broke the law with his fake university, Trump should be in federal prison, I do hate all rethgus
The dump is just like hitler, ego rallies, old joe should be in prison along with trump
Better than all the drug dealers Obama pardoned Chucky.
DACA, sanctuary cities and failure to notify ICE, are all in defiance of law and courts.  Dems think they can "pick a law" to follow.
Arpaio was never charged with profiling, he was charged w/contempt of court.  Pardon was fair.  Dems ignore immigtn law always.  Hypocrite!
Kind of hard 2 enforce immigration laws in Arizona w/o some kind of profile.  Not looking 4 Irish Catholics.  But never charged w/profiling!
It wasn't his fault majority of illegals were latinos.
He also was denied his due process by denying a trial by jury and peers
Sounds like the rule of law only pertains to the right, squashing it for profit is for the left!
Mr. Schumer
YOU are an obstructionist.  What's next Chuck?  YOU belong to the party of Jim Crow the Democratic party.YOUR history Chuck.
Chuck,please just shut up!!!
Joe got screwed and u know it.  No Trial??  in the USA?  Judge too powerful and political! just like you.
Thank you for all you are doing. Please do whatever you can to stop this man from totally destroying our country.
So the Dems and the IRS didn't go after Republicans and ignored the laws??
were all the people Obama pardoned angels?  Have some gone back to offending?  Democrats are the biggest hypocrites!
He was doing a job that nobody else would being here illegally is a crime read the laws Chuck Schumer ur not the lawmaker ur obstructionists
he asked for a jury trial and didnt get it?  you are a hypocrit.. then whole system is corrupt including you
You wouldn't known the definition of racism & bigotry if it hit you broad side. You & libs just try to keep the race dissension stirred.
No he didn't. He was following existing law Obummer didn't want him to follow because he wanted warm bodies in this country for future votes
Just shy up Chuck..PLEASE
Why don't you talk about this?
I strongly support up holding  imagration laws & strong boarders . I vow to vote against any obstructionist who's not team player with POTUS
Wrong.  Look at Clintons & Obama pardons.  While Bill Clinton profit from his pardons & received huge foundation funds. Arpaio is witch hunt
I heard Chuck Schumer crapped his pants today.
It's ok Chuck boy. Just remember....its not always just a fart
Chuck you know it was a misdemeanor right? Not like the scum Obama set free.
How dare you condemn a sheriff for enforcing the law?  The judge was wrong.  Illegals are illegal.  Serve the citizens of NY!
Your hero O'bama pardoned real criminals, as did scum bag Clinton. Marc Rich ring a bell?
And so is antifa and you don't say anything. U hypocrite
And no one could accuse you of being cerebral. Stop insulting the intelligence of America. You think you're so superior. Get off ur hi horse
Or horse high
Sheriff Arpaio is a Patroit, ENFORCING immigration laws put in place by lawmakers a helluva lot SMARTER than you. DO YOUR JOB, EARN IT!!!
You ignore the rule of law.
Democrats ignore the rule of law by allowing illegals to come in and stay.  Arpaio was actually following the law.  Total hypocrite
he obeyed the written law on immigration not illegal Obama court
You really need those illegal aliens only for their illegal votes! DEPORT ALL OF THEM!
Stop changing the truth to a lie. If they were here legallly, there would be no.problem.
You are a globalist liar. Time for you to go...
No...again you change the narrative, he enforced the law, there is no racism and bigotry
He enforced the illegal immigrants here. Be honest

Such a lie!   Actually though, the democrats ignore the law daily! #crookedlibtards
And What Do Sanctuary city mayors do? #MAGA
And What do SChris Christie
Definition of triage. Stop the biggest problem first.
I still don't see where u denounce Antifa's violence on Sunday in Berkeley.
takes one to know one.
I think that somehow you are tied to soros. But I know for a fact that you are on the take by antifa an d support their violence and anarchy
Some far fetched negative slant and fabricate total lies! Do you think we the people are stupid? If you had a plan - great, but you do not.
I can't follow you sen. You are obstructing legislation, you are "do nothing", but worst of all, regardless of what Trump says you find
No Chuck, he did what he was sworn to do, follow the constitution. Implemented federal law something you and your colleagues have not done.
YOU are the perfect definition of racism and bigotry - Arpaio kept our Country safe,,something you don't do anything to help with
You have been told to take your medication! Trump Derangement Syndrome is a treatable disease. You are clearly a SICK MAN CHUCKY!
And your party completely ignores immigration law. You actually flaunt that fact.
Kind of like how the court&judge dismissed the rule of law convicting Joe with out a jury trial?You can't have it both ways lefty hypocrites
Don't 4get he's also a criminal
Enforcing the law is a good thing. You sir are full of crap.
The courts have no business telling the Executive how to do its job. Do we tell the courts how to do theirs? *Crickets* I thought not.
LOL He followed the laws of the land. Something U now nothing about.  Illegal aliens R not citizens no matter how many times u try
You should be watching this
Do they have a special school where you get taught how to be stupid,or are you just born that way?
Where was your the lefts outrage over #OscarLopezRivera who was a terrorist when @POTUS44 pardoned him?
He followed the Constitution. Maybe you should follow his example #KeepVoterIntegrityCommission!!
 Rule of law??? Hello! Anybody in there?? Illegal email servers, selling guns to cartels, sanctuary cities, FBI targeting....Really?
@SenSchumer The Demoncrats allowed big business to import latino slave labor in exchange for the votes, the definition of racism & bigotry
This wouldn't be an issue if you people in DC grew a spine and did something about immigration reform and get the $ for the wall! 
And Chuck the Schmuck discriminates  against AMERICAN CITIZENS!!
Chuck Schumer is ignoring the will of the people to prosecute the #AwanScandal by delaying Trump appointment. 
This won't disappear Chuck.
Get a clue! Sheriff Joe followed immigration law that the Obama administration did not. It was a witch hunt. We know it, U too!
BHO/Dems ignored the rule of law when BHO pardoned terrorists. One who bombed YOUR city. I guess NYC doesn't come 1st to you.


No problem with this Chuck?
U probably approved the release of the high ranking Taliban from gitmo.
Most presidential pardons ever
We all know what a hypocrit u r.  How r ur numbers doing? No re-election for u.
You're the definition of political supremacism and evil. OWN IT!
Hey Chuckles!!! How conveniently YOU forget OSCAR RIVERA.......YOU are NOTHING more than a LOWLIFE Hypocrite.  SHAMEFUL!
Why don't you talk about the pardon Bill Clinton did and Obama. And how after Clintons pardon millions got donated to the Clintons
U r obsessed w/Arpaio while #FascistAntifa is beating hell out of people. Someday they'll come 4 Dems. They have nothing 2 do w/free speech.
Denounce violent masked hate group ANTIFA!

You won't will you? That's all we need to know about you and @TheDemocrats!
Understand, Chuck, u Dems r OVERPLAYING ur hands AGAIN w/ BLM&AntiFa. There WILL come a backlash & U will bear the blame as U embrace them.
... WE hear ur LIES, we SEE what u r trying to do: divide, foment hate & violence w/ BLM & AntiFa. We know you FUND them w/ Soros. We SEE U.
You Dems still don't GET why DT was elected. The REAL AMERICAN PPLE rose up AGAINST ur INSANITY & LIES & elected him to COUNTER U...
Joe Arpaio did his job protecting his citizens. The judge & obama created a kangaroo court, denied him a jury? U R SICK!
This can't hold a candle 2 Baboon Bama & Clinton REAL criminal pardons u hypocrite! U support sorose backed antifa terrorists!
chuck how is atifa doing are you going to name them a terrorist group beating up on people praying
You (D) keep pushing lawless #Anarchists and they'll soon be at your home too. #YesToPardonOfArpio
Obama took an oath to faithfully execute the law, not to target those who did.
Boo Hoo
when will you and the dems learn that the people are sick of hearing the lies about racism and bigotry. ITs not working for yall.
NO! Joe Arpaio did his job and followed the letter of the law. He was found  "guilty" by a left-wing, activist "judge" in a kangaroo court.
! where were you when Obama was pardoning cop killers, Clinton sold pardons Nowhere your a fake and a phony.
as a Latina I say "Bravo President Trump" for pardoning Sheriff Joe, a man who enforced our immigration laws!
You are a one trick pony but I am sure you already knew that.
Arpaio was following the Constitution. You know, that pledge you took to uphold and arent doing....

Obama pardoned drug dealers who had also been charged with firearms violations
  Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights... Carry
Sheriff Joe was enforcing the law! Ask LEGAL Hispanics in Arizona who were crime victims of illegals! Trump will win Az in 2020!
Obama  pardoned people who commited worse  crimes and a person that committed treason  and you said nothing.  So screw you!!
Obama letting terrorists out who flaunt the law! Shut the Hell Up or SHU!
You want to prosecute a hero like Sheriff Joe Arpaio what you allow mayors of Sanctuary cities to continually break federal laws

It's necessary to do a certain amount of profiling to round up illegal aliens.  They won't play by our rules.
Hey Chuck Liberals and Obama ignored the courts and the rule of law in order to systematically let illegals have safe harbor in our Country.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio is a patriot and a hero. You sir, are neither.
Lots of words criticizing Trump on Arpaio, transgenders etc but what say u about antifa?   U must condemn violence. Dems have been silent.
Before u call some one a racist, I hope u really know that they r. Using racism as a political tool is unforgivable. Ppl know better. Shame.
Where was your outrage when @BarackObama pardoned an unrepentant Terrorist Oscar López Rivera? @RealSheriffJoe is a hero!
.. Bs chuckie ..LOl Obama pardoned FALN terrorists whose bombs killed Americans ..what did chuckie say ..NOTHING !!!!!!!!!!!
Hypocrite...enforce sanctuary city laws and then you'll have some strength behind your words. #howdoyousleepatnight
You do know Arpaio was denied the right to a jury which is against the Constitution. Oh that's right you don't know what that is
The Arizona courts initially ignored Arpaio's due process.  What do you have to say about ignoring that rule of law?

.@NancyPelosi / @SenSchumer: Look--it's your peaceful "resistance" thugs in black masks BEATING a man. Still blaming the "Nazi" boogeyman? https://twitter.com/PoliticalShort/status/902029038029463552 …
You talk a big one about sheriff Arpaio,  but what were you comments when  Obama Pardoned, Oscar Lopez Rivera& Trades a Terrorist for Votes
Nope. He was protecting US citizens by stopping illegals. @realDonaldTrump
More race baiting.  This is where your big && is. Democratic Politicians are the real racist, bigots. Did you scream outrage Obummer pardons

And Schumer is the definition of lawlessness stupidity.
He could have let a drug dealer out who subsequently murdered 3 people... you were all for that
Get a clue
In jail.
Chuck, Joe was doing his job. It is against our laws to just walk into our country and stay. What happened to the marine Obama left to rot!
Obama pardon Manning and more than 1,700 CRIMINALS as Pres., Trump pardon an innocent man that was set up by Obama and Soros. Big difference
Take care of ur own effed up house before u cast ur stones. R u a practicing Jew. Ur behavior says NO. Yehovah will balance the scales!!!
Repulsive,hypocritical, self serving, vengeful, thief, cause u take an undeserved salary, devious. Gee maybe u need a pardon. Call Bama
You are a terrible person to create such distortions of th truth.
Chuck remember super storm Sandy ... don't approve any funds for Houston!!
Let them die on the vine just like they did to New York!

Nasty man
m
Trump is a bigot too, with no respect for due process, equal protection under the law, or court orders. HE MUST GO!
