Really? Your party invented the nuclear option stop selling this junk to your uninformed followers.
do yourself a favor google nuclear option it's says specifically to stop a filibuster of executive branch noms. Read!
No that's judicial branch of government and btw federal noms are in jeopardy of the nuclear option. More facts for ya
Id like to know as well. Why did you say it?
show me where I said that never was said by me look at my threads don't know where you guys saw that
CHANGE THE NOMINEE! Or we could just repeal and replace Trump! That would work for me!! #Gorsuch #TrumpRussiaCollusion
AGREED Chuck!
very well said Senator.
it's time to fill the court. No more political games!
it's harder to do after Garland was disrespected and never even considered
ever since Adams tried to stack to courts in 1800 it has been tradition to wait till after an election.
Gorsuch against birth control-hobby lobby case-religion bias=bigotry. in Europe birth control requires no prescription. #NoGorsuch
the Hobby Lobby decision only addressed bc forms that can be considered abortifacients. BC pills etc never an issue.
Whoa. Another "pro-life" actually pro-birth comment. BS religion imposition on women's rights=bigotry. Bye Felicia!
what they considered to be abortion, like the morning after pill. They had no objection to contraceptives like BC pills
and as a pvt company they had that right. Employees could still get morning after pill but would need to pay for it.
abortions are not covered by employer health ins in such circumstances either. This case applies only to pvt held cos.
Wrong. It is time to replace Schumer and bring reason back to the Senate. Using the Nuke would not be necessary at that point.
Don't cry Chuckie but Gorsuch will be approved!
Gorsuch will always be illegitimate
Said the sad little pathetic man.
Actually the answer should be "stop supporting a presidents agenda when he's being investigated for treason"
; How did you respond when "Senate change in 2013 by then-Majority Leader Reid"?
you lost again by ignorance of refusing to consider just and fair representation.
Yes, change the #SCOTUS nominee to #MerrickGarland! This is a #StolenSeat. Please #BlockGorsuch! #Resist
If Gorsuch is the best candidate DJT can put forward we are in trouble. Narrow minded and duplicitous. His rulings are bizarre.
NO SCOTUS should be picked by a President under Russian investigation by FBI, CIA, SENATE & HOUSE. Must be put on hold til this is resolved
No nominations until #TrumpRussia is resolved! I don't care who they put up there. FBI investigation 1st (ps it is Merrick Garland's seat)
#WeThePeople Demand #StopGorsuch #NoGorsuch or ANY #SCOTUS Nom by @realDonaldTrump Under FBI #TrumpRussia Investigation
how about voting him in because it's the right option! And my vote will not go to you for your next time!
who you voting for? Igor Olshanski or Vladimir Putin comrade?
Obviously not a stinking Democrat who has his head elsewhere
You mean like IN RUSSIA?
Voting along purely ideological lines instead of based on qualifications and past rulings. Dems are going to go take their toys and go home
Because Gorusch won't promise to be a good little leftist judge....
No Senator the only reason Gorsuch is a problem is who nominated him. Your base is screaming stonewall. Your base lost. Reid started it!
So only way an acceptable nominee is one who agrees with liberal dogma. Republicans and democrats need to grow up and do their jobs
Keep dreaming Chuck.
Democrats changed the rules first under Harry Reid and he didn't care of the shoe was on the other foot. Reap what you sew!
The answer is to institute TERM LIMITS for all of you lifetime millionaire senators!!! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
You do realize you are viewed as a disgraceful, divisive, self serving, anti-american, corrupt and incompetent person right?
He is the best you will see. You have established an awful precedent. This is the reason so many want to change Washington!
guess you forgot when harry reid used the nuclear option in 2013 double standard much
You've made this about the POTUS & not the Nominee. More qualified than most in history. You had to dig deep to find flaws. You deserved it
Go home and lock yourself in until you want to actually help Americans. You dont stand behind America you only want to see our country fail
giving the Democrats everything they want is not working together, its bending down and kissing ass
you didn't mind it when the Democrats did it! Democrats what's good for the goose is good for the gander!!!
Democrats have never played by the rules. Time to pull out all the stops and MAGA!!!
With all due respect Senator, you seem to no longer appreciate the Constitution.
The answer is for you to stop acting like a child throwing a fit because he lost the game so he takes his ball and goes home
Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative. Your way is not the only way.
Wrong. The answer is for you to quit acting like babies blocking anything proposed by Trump. You voted FOR the judge before.
"We cannot afford to see Justice Stevens replaced by another Roberts, or Justice Ginsburg by another Alito.”
No Chuck that isn't the answer...certainly Dems didn't follow that under Reid. We Cons wil now "bitch slap" going nuclear option
You pushed & won changing the rules in 2013 for all other courts (how many did you confirm this way-over 60) TY4 changing rules
Venezuela would be a great place for you and Pelosi
that's not how you felt back in 2013 Senator.
Extremely poor leadership from U & other Dems. Look at yourself in the mirror. You talk out of both sides of your mouth.
Dems=obstructionists, you wouldn't approve of ANYONE, except maybe a guy named Mohammad
The truth is that any nominee that Trump would put forward the Dems would not agree on.
Propaganda is all you know. Fact: you are voting against a judge you voted for previously because you are 100% a partisan hack. #maga
Interesting, because you backed Reid when he had to change the rules of the Senate to overrule a filibuster.
you got it wrong as usual - bipartisanship is where you and your pals vote FOR Gorsuch - there is no legitimate reason no to
And you still wouldn't vote for them regardless as long as Trump is the one nominating. Partisan #hypocrisy.
SUCK IT UP CUPCAKE! WHAT'S GOOD FOR THE GOOSE IS GOOD FOR THE GANDER! B sure to thank Harry Reid for his Nuclear Option Rule LOL
It's only okay to change the rules if it benefits the Democrats? Got it thanks for clearing that up! Now shut up and do your job!
The answer is for you to work for the people who pay you to do the right thing and your not.
Exactly!
Where in Constitution does it say 60 votes for SCOTUS? Nowhere! If the framers wanted that they would have wrote it in like veto override.
It is time for Democrats to grow up and quit acting like petulant children and help President Trump and Americans go forward
no, let's please not use "the nuclear option" which is code for cheating. Bipartisan is the only way.
If Obama had submitted Gorsuch instead, you would have yelled...NO...no judge should be submitted this close to end of term! Hypocrite!
I suppose if Obama had submitted Gorsuch instead of Garland so close to the end of his term, you would have been fine with voting him in?
Why not knucklehead Harry Reid did it's our turn we're in power we won shut up
hypocrite
bla bla bla #fillthecourt #CountryOverParty
Ahhh, no Chuck...were not buying used cars today but nice try.
Don't think so @SenSchumer, get off your high horse and do the right thing by voting him in! He is the perfect candidate. You know it!
Chickens are coming home to roost , poor democrats
if your intellectual dishonesty continues then Gorsuch will be in his rightful seat without you. It is you who are responsible
Only when it works for you?
Dems made the nuclear option to cram down their crap down our throat so we changed the Senate. #DemocratHypocrites
Hypocrite. For you, it's only about your political agenda, and saying anything to get there. So phony.
didn't you change the rules of the senate before Chuckie?or do you just have a problem with majority rule?
you never were for the people. Schumer should resign. He is not good for our nation. Time for change. Get rid of Schumer.
No. The answer is you dems are unfit to lead your way out of a paper bag and Americans are sick of your lies and misleading bullshit.
Wasn't it Dirty Harry the first to change the rules when not getting the votes? @SenSchumer the hypocrite!
don't you have anything better to do with your time?
If Congress doesn't move to pass Gorsuch , then we must move to change Congress !!!!!!!
Elections have consequences, approve gorsuch
or get rid of the senators who vote against him
#Hypocrite
I totally agree, replace him with the dirtiest conservative nominee and then change the rules, you had your chance cry-babies.
Rules where changed by con men & shysters like yourself Dems invoked nuclear option 3 yrs ago but with a complicit media no one will know
You guys already changed it.
"Both Republicans and Democrats have been so disgraceful to both Garland and Gorsuch." @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Damn, Chuckie! Where was your high moral conviction in 2013? Convictions of convenience? Uneducated rectal orifice. SMH
Then why not be armed in my travels. If my drivers license is good in 50 states then why not my pistol permit? Your approval is not needed.
We will have reciprocal pistol permits across the nation. Your approval is not necessary. If I ask a legal permit holder can drive across.
.@SenSchumer No probe, no robe. #resist this nomination until we know more about #RussiaInvestigation
PLEASE PLEASE-DO NOT ALLOW Nuclear Option. GORSUCH will be as good as we are going to get! Do not lower the bar!
#noprobenorobe
no probe no robe potus being investigated by fbi should not be allowed scotus appointment
A good man can be contaminated by bad people.
He lied. He knows full well about 'dark money'. @realDonaldTrump
Yeah, give Merrick Garland a vote!
Yup. The GOP can take credit for his nom if they want it, who cares. But give him his hearing. #SetSCOTUSright
#noprobenorobe #noprobenorobe #noprobenorobe #noprobenorobe #noprobenorobe
.@SenSchumer our representatives MUST #PauseThisPresidency. If illegitimate, the more 45* puts n place the harder 2reverse! #trumpRUSSIA
@jodigomes They stay up all night hating Barack and my president sleeps more soundly than ever #outofwh#nomoredrama!
Chuckles, we spoke to Harry Reid and he recommend changing the rules. And Harry knows best. #SCOTUS #dealwithit #MAGA #DEMSLOSEAGAIN
Change should be made to Judge Garland.
A moderate rep would be better...and i dont see any "liberal hacks" in supreme court now
Wats wrong with Sotomayor?
Senator, please keep to this standard. The republicans must be taught that there are consequences to what they did. #Filibuster #NoGORSUCH
Oh please Chuck, your problem isn't with the nominee, it's with the President who submitted the nominee.
Oh but it is. As no matter who Trump put up he would not bet a vote. Democrats are losing more.
The answer is to quit playing politics and do what's best for the country. He's eminently qualified. Don't be a dick.
no , it is time to change New York's Senator. Enough of you and your no no no. Time to work with Trump and work for the country.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr
#StopPresidentBannon
I agree, if u are going to filibuster, put up the most conservative judge in the country. Why not! Want to play games instead of working
If you vote against someone w/ impeccable qualifications just because he's republican, it isn't the judge the needs to be replaced, it's you
#Hypocrite no rules for 60 votes needed. Answer is #SchumerRetire Get over it, there r consequences for losing an election
The answer is to continue voting Dimms like you out of office, so we can make America great again.
Harry Reid changed the rulses. When its good for u its ok. When the shoe is in the other foot. No fair. Cry ur way to the bank. Loser
Mr No on everything. As obama told the GOP "you go to the back of the bus". Ow it's ur turn and the Dems. U go to the back of the bus
Chuckie loser. "He'll be a great judge. Quit being a loser obstructioist. Dosomething for the good of the country. U had 8 yrs of failure
2/2 new senate rule partisian nonsense 4 scotus votes,vote on qualifications only,back to days Scalia & Ruth both 90+ votes we tired of BS
1/2 Ur obstruction is BS,cut deal with @realDonaldTrump,confirm gorsuch,Ruth retires replaced by garland, and new senate rule =fair trade
Not according to you and @JoeBiden
. Judge Gorsuch is more than qualified and you know it! Stop playing political games and wasting my tax payer money. Confirm him
Too late Chucky. Your boy Reid changed the rules now you and your party has to deal with it!
Then don't puss out and filibuster..
Soo... Only Dems can do that?
Head clown
actually your party playing politics not fair.
Because only #dems are allowed to change the rules right?
So why did you guys do it when Obama was elected? The GOP also pushed all of Dems supreme Court picks through. You Dems are hypocrites!!!
with or without, gorsuch shall be approve what a lame excuse to suggest "change of nominee" americans, like it or not, want gorsuch
Ha Ha you DemRATS would change the rules if you were in same position. What a joker you are!
I say we keep him and we get rid of you that seems like a grand idea to me maby we would get things done
All you so is cry and whine and never get anything why why were you even elected your a waste of tax payers money and time
He's more of a man than you'll ever be your s clown and you should step down we are tired of you and your anti American agenda your a joke
Sorry Schmuck your pal Harry Reid sowed these seeds, now it's time to reap.
Please stand your ground! The Democratic Party must back your filibuster.
No the answer is to change the Senators.
You CANT be serious
Kagan yes Sotomayor yes Gorsuch yes
Schumer, how the hell did an annoying a-hole like u get elected?
Lest we forget--------pic.twitter.com/YpfpJaHO47
no vote on any nominee under this clouded administration.
For my money, illegitimate pres under investigation for colluding with the Russians to corrupt the election doesn't get to choose nominee.
@SenShumer Been Playing the Game for awhile Got A Plan ? WE Do
@GOP should make a deal to get Gorsuch AFTER the rightful nominee, Merrick, is seated
A new approach would be hard. They might have to nominate an unbiased judge whose credentials both parties can attest to. Or something.
@TheDemocrats should not filibuster but actually boycott #gorsuch vote, because the nomination is not valid.
Merrick is available
- Nope! He is a quality candidate who is fair and impartial. Perfect for the Supreme Court. Sorry you are so partisan. :-
Vote chucky out
hahaha. No.
Exactly.
You're so full of it Chucky. No matter who POTUS appoints, you will disagree with, solely cause you're playing games like a brat!
so what you are saying is put a left wing partisan on the court or else we filibuster. Welcome to the nuclear option
The Democrats, including Senator Harry Reid, voted overwhelming to confirm Gorsuch as a judge before! Why the total reversal? Partisanship?
If his name isn't Merrick Garland I vote no
You will never approve any GOP nomination. He seems fair at least.
America wants to change you schumer shame u and weiner
America would be so much better off if you resigned Chucky
We should start by getting rid of Chuck Schumer
And name Merrick Garland who should be the new Supreme Court Justice!
Harry Reid changed the rules in 2013 Chuck. Everyone said it would bite U. Now the Chicken have come home to roost. Blame Harry & yourself.
Maybe pick one that didn't form a Fascism Forever Club.
Exactly. And maybe one who answered questions from Senators with substance, both orally and in writing. And actually met Dem women Senators.
biased democrat opinion he was amazing I watched everyone questioning him for days he was like a paper and the dems the rock Guess who won?
this whole nuclear option thing is a lot a BS! Why do you have a problem with simple majority rule?
If they change the rules, Democrats should vow to never support ANY republican legislation - ever.
Pause it until the Russia issue is solved.
That wasn't the question.
To Merrick Garland.
