People need you out of office we need senators that really care about us and not there own agenda step in our shoes and see what it's like
No we need more Senators like Chuck. That is what we are going to have too.
Yes more corrupt government just look and research the lies and then you won't feel that way
Please do not let Trump and his billionaire cronies continue to rape this country any longer. Impeach Trump now!
Your idea of a modern tax system is RAPING THE MIDDLE CLASS. I know of #ABetterDeal - Vote Chuckles out of office 2018!!!!!
We also need to stop having our tax $s go toward paying for Congress' special health insurance. Also need to end Citizens United.
It's called keep your leftists hands out of our wallets and two term limits. We're tired of supporting your corrupt rear end for a lifetime.
Verify.  Verify. Before inserting foot in 2 mouth so as not to be foolish.
Schumer you are a liar, you will never work with the GOP, the democrats guided by you, are simply OBSTRUCTIONISTS. GBA
First things first... We want You OUT!!! #AmericanPeople #factsonly
He is a political hack set to destroy the American people and the President at any cost look at the way they are fighting everything shame
He acts with conviction as if he is perfect. He loves the stage, using it as a pulpit. Typ. politician that even dems are tired of hearing
Bernie?
Chuck Schumer.
Senator Schumer is on the side of WE THE PEOPLE, and he is right that we need a tax system that is fair to all of us.
Yeah like what it was when that POS Obama was Pres. where the IRS target people You & the  Democrat Party are done in 2018
We know your principles, illegal aliens before U S citizens. I think that pretty much sums it up.
Baloney, bigot.
Easy to call names, hard to refute the truth
Yes it is to do both.  But, there's no help for those who refuse to hear or see.  What is ur truth isn't necessarily mine.
Nah ahaha you are not going to do nothing as usual
The GOP can't pass a bill when they OWN the government. Dems can't obstruct. GOP obstructs themselves.
sure that's why the dems, thru rosenstein appointed a special prosecutor, yeah GOP obstructing trump ypure laughable
But yet you geniuses cannot balance a budget. Why does the greatest country in the history of the world have a deficit?! Politicians!!!
and they cant manage a country lol!!
@POTUS You ignored the American people for 8 years while in charge! You dems ran the country into the ground! Why so much interest now?
Who ran country into ground. The group in charge today.
Prez Trump has had 0 help from the party of obst! His policies help the American pub & dems r afraid of losing even more votes. That basic.
hmm like your healthcare bill you didnt get advice from repubs that was a complete failure. like your party is a complete failure
Really chuck????  So good to hear from you.
You'll need a compromise with the proposed elimination of the property tax deduction. 50% might work but 100% is kind off the charts..
If 10% control 80% of the wealth in this country, why shouldn't that 10% be paying 80% of the taxes? Just asking for a friend.
Just keep watching this guy, his message will change with the tide.He is a master manipulator. #TherebelUSA #TheRebellion #TuesdayThoughts
You and your party have NO principles....you lie,lie,lie
Criminals can't defend the American people against other criminals..with the same intentions.. Profit.. It doesn't work like that !
Let's see how your obstructionist policy works out for you in the next election!
#schumersahack
Worked well for republicans didn't it?
Clear from comments that most trolls didn't read what you posted. Sad.
incredible barbara you read and actually believe what the liars said, were you born yesterday, all these negative comments are deserved,
Wow I can't take the stupidity from all the trolls who call the Dems obstructionists when the GOP are the admitted obstructionists.
but, but you all wanted and got a special prosecutor, you dont mention this lmao at you
Chuck Schumer for POTUS 2020! 
lmao at you, you really believe he could get 70-75 million votes for potus, the liar in chief
so you want bald faced liar obama again. youre ridiculous
Trump ran on that plan and he got voted in as president because he had that idea why don't you guys come up with a new idea
You have ripped off people for so long.  Why aren't you in prison?  You snake.
Sure you are, dumbarats
Nothing u say will pass without more money for the fucking rich, and u also want that, that's where ur money comes from, #moneyisnotspeach
What principles? #DrainTheSwamp take @SenJohnMcCain with you
You really need to check your heart & see if you're ready to work with GOP on anything. Your dislike & roadblocking of POTUS is hurting ME.
I thought you were supposed to resist? Working with GOP to cut taxes on the rich is not why we voted you in. Corporate Dems=GOP. #resist
yes and  john McCain pleased all of you by voting with dems, sir get a shovel and use it to move the chit you talk
You don't want to work with Republicans, you want them to cross the aisle and write it your way....
Baloney
No chuck American people need millionaire congressmen to pay for their healthcare and stop selling out!
Principles? Dems have no principles. Obstruct, lies are not principles. Maybe you could help clean toilets nothing else. #MAGA
now that would be something i would pay to see
Hey WTH are @TheDemocrats doing supporting #Antichoice candidates? We are the #womenoftheParty the worker bees!! We want #ProchoiceDems

We need our country back #TrumpRussia

You had 8 years...now you want to jump on the Trump train to 
Garner votes....you and your party are losers
U do know health care needs to be fixed first
You're a little late to the party. But thanks for trying
NO YOU'RE NOT! You are nothing but hot air! YOU LIE 24/7. You don't want to work to MAGA ... Dems are selfish. They don't care at all.
Wrong there Chucky. You tell your supporters you are willing to work with GOP. Bu we all know you are not. Nice try there little guy
You had your 8 years, chuck and you did NOTHING for American workers

#ABetterDeal copies the @GOP plan
#Trump
#MAGA
#AffirmativeAction
But you refuse to tax highest earners? I thought that was your main platform?
You have no principals Schumer. Time for you to leave and move to Mexico.
Then why don't for once work with GOP AND DONT START ATTACKING SUCCESSFUL People

Start with repeal Obamacare & remove all subsidies for senators &congress . A family of 2 don't qualify for a subsidy if exceed 64k yr
How about a primary Chuckie? Let's find out who stands for the real Americans and who stands for corporations and shareholders
Good place to start after you repeal Obama Care
Oh have you had a nap?
You are a crook.
Yes a system where you don't try to get more and more of people's money to the point we can't even afford to go to the doctor
You Resist anything the Reps do Americans r watching!! Term limits
Wonder "What happened" Bahahaha America is sick of all of u All talk
45 and fake right wing media plant trash in the sheeps heads and they are immediately and fully conned.
Are you willing to hear & consider GOP ideas? Of course not! Why should they work with u? It is always ur way or no way.
you can't say we want to work with you and place demands such as we will not support any. in your cute little letter. #Demdelusion
Wow! Here is a jerk who's afraid the Conservitives will get all the credit. Better get a foot in door so it can be smashed later.
We need fair Tax !
Principles?! And you  wanna work w/ GOP?  Have you learned nothing?   Amendment 25, or he will kill us...
Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work! Your principles are ludicrous! All talk no action
Thank you to all who signed this.
U do know that all those loves r fm GOP. Y is there  hate button. U need a hate button! 2 get true count. Don't work w t DEMONS.  @POTUS44
Most white women------voted AGAINST Hillary Clinton

Is that Russia fault

Great article http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8101766/1/ …
Keep reaching out to GOP to work on legislation.I am concerned with Dems having pre-conditions. Pre-conditions tend to be non-starters, no?
 Amy but I think u need 2 retire.
Scaring me. WORK WITH!!! 8.5yrs they haven't work w/us. All grass roots democrats sld sendingNmoney&working campaigns4u wk  with them folks
And what have you been doing all these years?  What an obstructionist.
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT IMPEACHMENT AND A NEW ELECTION!!
Unforunately, democrats' idea of working with the republicans means that republicans have 2 CAVE & give democrats whatever they want! Right?
Now you want to work with instead of obstruct. You're a joke, Schumer.
The ppl have your number.  You don't intend to work w/GOP  You need to worry about what PPL think about your resistance,  Earn your check
Can you tell us what steps you are taking to reach out to the GOP? We need @SenateDems to be smarter, kinder, more persuasive. #ResistTrump
10% flat rate federal income tax poverty exemption no deductions individual/corporate/non-profit/non-citizen
I've got a great idea. Since #Liberals want to spend too much money they should pay a higher tax rate. Put your money where your mouth is!
Ya more "Fake Numbers," just like the voter polls right before the last election, do you remember that? Fake assed Party, crooked democrats!
Wow you've got a lot of gall. After 8 years of malfeasance you think the #GOP would be wise to listen to you?
how about a flat tax oh ya you would have to pay a far share
YOU CAN WORK ON THAT AFTER YOU FIX OBAMA CARE OR REPLACE IT !
You are not ready to work with the GOP all you've done is obstruct and resist.
Why would U now work with the GOP U have not worked with them in years, U are so full of it Schumer, get the HELL out 
Chuck, be a Senator. A Statesman.  You are losing people. How can you think the black women you pander to respect you?  They don't need you.
You say you want to work with the GOP, that's a lie!!
You discuss me. Your not for the American people!!
No one gives a crap what you or your Leftard supporters think.
Flat tax that's the answer!
How about doing your paitrotic duty and get healthcare done first then your paitrotic duty on tax reform and not your patties duty Chuck.
Yay
Good 1 Chuck! You're leading the charge to obstruct anything the GOP and POTUS are trying to do. You only care about your ego and wallet.
We need major tax reform and removal of the ACA at once. We need to get people that know how to run a business in your seat.
How's ur pu__y Grabbing foul mouth kkk loving narcissist do n. He disloyal. Own ppl can't trust.1wants2 wk4him. Y? What @chrissyTiegan said
Guess the punishment doesn't fit the crime, that wasn't a crime??  What the screw went on here..  Pull those vu du pins out, NOW.
HOW ABOUT A FLAT TAX OR WOULD THAT BE TOO SIMPLE
I need to see this to beleive it
ML how do you decide w hat you will work on and what you will delay and resist? I know, where you think you'll get the most votes. #DTS
To be clear you are really an obstructionist.  This is a little too late.
I will never vote for you again.
American ppl need honest politicians, not clowns like you, @HillaryClinton or @NancyPelosi 
#HeadClownSchurmer
You are not prepared to give the American people one damn thing if it requires you to work with the republicans!
Here are your principles.........
No thank you to any Dem help on the tax system don't want our tax system to look like our health system would not believe anything you said
Liar

You are not and have never been "ready to work w/ GOP". You are the next #UselessInLine behind @NancyPelosi
Chucky. Honey. It's not your turn.

You mean a lowered tax system. D.C. needs to budget better and eliminate wasteful salaries. Start with @SenSchumer.
I don't believe you!!!
Please do. You tax and spend idiots are killing the middle class.
You do good work for the people of New York and the US
Liar, democrats never meet a tax cut they liked.
Looks like a great plan, but I doubt Republicans will see it that way
You are a Con and a member of the Ponzi group. You sponge off the American tax payer while lying about caring.....
Just another Sh*t sandwich.  I could not have said it better.  We need a 3rd party, NOW!!!
And Senator the American people need a real POTUS not a fake one loaded with excuses & excess baggage! This guy is a train wreck!
Republicans are a one trick pony.  CUT TAXES!  It doesn't matter how many times they have cut taxes or how big the deficit.
You need to stop spending money that we do not have. Anything less than huge tax cuts and enormous spending cuts are unacceptable
Complete with missiles and runways etc.
Under Obama China and Russia building on their adjacent border , they announced a new euroasia defense coalition .
Well we need a bat tax for certain countries Russia and China for one .encourage trade with good people .
Git!
Ok that is a letter of intent to support a realistic tax system that supports a realistic budget. Now get to work with data. Thank you.
not a tax cut a tax overhaul low income need a break lower tax
Since when do you have principles?
Your a joke and a liar. NO ONE TRUSTS YOU
Oh, please, work with the GOP? They want to decrease taxes on the rich and eliminate estate tax, and destroy Medicare and SS. No thanks.
Show me in writing where they want to destroy Medicare and SS! Fake news to scare you.
We have the highest corporate rate in the developed world.  It's killing jobs and driving out companies.
#TaxTheRich and #EndCorporateWelfare. #ILikeIke: he had top marginal rates of 91%, and America was great
I wish the GOP would work with DEMs on healthcare!
They did not include the Gop when Ocare was made law.
Sorry, we pay enough taxes, corporations pay enough taxes, how about you downsize the government instead? Lower taxes, no new taxes!
Wow something positive from Schumer. I might fall over!!
"He answered, 'The one who sows the good seed is the Son of Man'." 
(Matthew 13:37, AMP)
Remove all kickbacks to start with. Remove alll subsidies for congress for Obamacare
You are only ready to work if they do it your way.
What we need is a tax system that doesn't Rob people with a 91 percent tax rate because Chuck Schumer blows money on hookers...
Mr Schumer. Wow, all talk no action on this for 7 years with Dems. It takes Republicans to get it done. Get to work and quit talking.
Yeah you said you wanted to work on healthcare. How did that work out crying chuck?
So chuckie 4 eight yrs of obama tax happy time u never had 1 thought to modern the tax sys Now u steal this Pres ideas & call them ur own

Pay your fair share first,suck it up and take Obamacare for yourself, don't vote yourself a raise....Then come to table and Let's Talk!
Ur only willing to work together so far to get ur own agenda passed as the tax reform
Schmuck
Stop trying to blame Trump for your parties' years of failing the American people.
No more income tax, stop paying you leeches to suck us dry, stop stealing money, no more outrageous spending.
Is there no cliff trump supporters are not willing to follow him off of? #trumpfools
Check out all of the Trump trolls & Russian bots responding to this! Tweet. 
Somehow coming from a devout, hard leftist, "modern tax system" means higher rates of confiscation and redistribution.
chuckie GOP tax reform will be passed without you in any way having an effect
Lets see what the Democratic leadership can do. @SenSchumer
Just like the last 7 years yea such a sack of it
Whatever.
No loopholes. No deductions beyond the standard ded. No business tax but prevent loopholes/fraud. No tax credits.
You had 8 yrs to provide "Tax Reform" and did nothing to achieve it #ChuckytheClownSchumer
Repugnants wldn't allow for 8yrs. U that.I @POTUS44 wanted 2 ONLY tax rich usay no. U were willing 2 allow ur kids 2die. Told me so on .
Reducing all taxes mostly for business's and people making less than $250,000 would be the best for way lower taxes
BS. You only work with those who do it your way. In other words BS!
We are glad ur finally "ready!" Like the way u were "ready" to work with the GOP on healthcare? What happens when things don't go your way?
So funny, you put out the scorched earth policy
It is about time you did something constructive. Start doing what is right for America instead of your ego.
