Why do we need to renegotiate NAFTA? Stop taking from Trumps agenda
They're trying to run on his platform now. Jobs, change trade, pay increases, etc etc ! Too late. Trumps already enacting this agenda 
Trump hasn't done anything to enact his agenda....what bills has he passed from Congress?
Actually he has passed 38+ bills into law.  Some focus on deregulation which is why GDP is higher now than Obamas full 8 years.
GDP has been steadily increasing since Obamas last term. Plus those 38+ bills have been via executive order, which doesn't require a motion
Not true do some research. And GDP is rising because obama is gone and confidence is back, combined with deregulation.  Obama never broke 2%
Consumer confidence and GDP aren't a 1:1 relation.GDP growth in Q4 w/Obama was higher than this quarter under Trump yet confidence was lower
More lies
Please dump the name "A Better Deal".  Sounds totally lame.
It's a play on FDRs New Deal. I like it!
The new deal had teeth.
And the Dems had backbone.
Ten?!

Non sequitur: I want Sanders out of my Party !
I thought he wasn't in it?
Did you miss the part when he became chair of outreach? Also he keeps using  the Party for political personal gain and then trashes it.
So what? Why did the dnc make him chair of he's not a member then? Because nobody likes Democrats
#ABetterDeal lmao. Why not a New Deal? #DemExit
NOT ONLY do you steal the #papajohns pizza slogan..you are stealing @realDonaldTrump campaign platform..#Democrats are laughable losers
#ABetterDeal

NO RUSSIA INVOLVED. OPPS ANOTHER LIE DEBUNKED
so what you're admitting then,is the NAFTA deal obama negotiated was a bad deal & Trump was right to say as much?
So like @realDonaldTrump did & is doing?
Schumer had a moment of clarity when he  plagiarized President Trump ideas to bring jobs back to the USA.
Liar!
Don't you already have input from when Bernie was pushing for NAFTA renegotiations? Your just trying to hop on Trump train to get voters LOL
Another show of how pathetic the Dim party is. NO original thoughts, no original plan. Just  obstruct. No wonder your party is going down.

What and abandon propaganda methods ? Useless unless you admit what's really going on .
Yes, thank you.  Come out in America and ask us for our Perspectives. When we all work together, together we achieve Greatness. Thank you
Better Deal bs, announcing penalties against big business for outsourcing, just goes to show same old shit, anti business
Chuck u keep missing the point We know party is corrupt and filled with lying people like Debbie Schultz. Stuff your http://bet.deal 
You must really think were stupid
A #BETTERDEAL IS FIXING REASON WE GET SICK LOSE JOBS & MONEY, BECAUSE OF YOUR WRECKLESSNESS - FIX ****** FDA**** GET RID OF BAD DRUGS IN USA
To little to late for you, President Trump is already working on #ABetterDeal it is called #MAGA but nice try on stealing the GOP platform
Please know that women's reproductive rights must be a core foundation for any #ABetterDeal. Non-negotiable.
Lol
I think someone already had that idea,try again .
We dont believe you guys any more cant you tell yoyr party is dying. Comunisum  us not America first
Just adopt Bernie's message. Stop with the lipstick on the pig policies. Listen to what ppl are TELLING the Dem Party.  Single Payer NOW.
Do I hear TRUMP talking? Sure sounds like it. Why don't you just help our POTUS get things accomplished instead of obstructing
Then go off and do your own tax and spend agenda. Then hope no one notices.  Fool
A better deal? Trump's platform and you think you'll win? We deplorables in flyover country wont forget what u really think of American peop
Sounds more like another #BetterLie from Chuckles and the Democrats
"A Better Deal." Dems need a more invigorating slogan. Nothing energizing about it.
Trump said that campaigning against HRC are you on the #TrumpTrain or just stealing from it?
Stop already
you're the ones that negotiated nafta to begin with. I say we let an adult in charge this time.
Better deal????? There is nothing better with ANY Democrat, losing dirty party.....should of been buried decades ago. Good party turned bad!
#ABetterDeal = #MAGA
Nafta, that's a why for the eu to control the U.S. . Abandon it
Umm. Hate to tell you but this is President's Trump's agenda.
How about sharing what Town Halls will cover. Still wishy washy. @TheDemocrats @TomPerez need more direction! Please save us!
Will you even do anything with the input you get? And what about working SINGLE PEOPLE? Politicians are always about families. SINGLES WORK.
The better deal would be to stop obstructing and start doing what your paid to do. Get something done. Use our tax dollars wisely.
#MalcolmX warned #BlackAmericans #AfricanAmericans about #DNC's #plantationmasters > #Democrats like #chuckschumer
So you can have paid protestors heckle the POTUS No thank you
You're literally trying to steal #Trump's work. Where were you when #nafta passed? You ALWAYS swoop in & claim credit 4 OTHERS work #retire
Lol. You are purposely coping the Trump agenda so when he accomplishes each point you can try and take credit.
Why don't you come up with a new plan for NAFTA and present it instead of hitching your caboose to the #TrumpTrain and claim you're driving
Hey Chuckie, little late don't you think? You Liberals are starting to see what Trump is doing is working!
I see how it works now...everything being called "a better deal" is just being made up as we go along...neg NAFTA is Trump's idea, not Dem.
Where have you been? Do you really believe people do not see through you. Trump ran on renegotiate NAFTA as one of his key planks.
I had such hope for you, Schumer. But you're just another fake liberal doing the bidding of lobbyists and corporations. Boooo.
That's exactly what @realDonaldTrump has been saying for months.  Glad you are onboard now Chuck!
Why can't the Democratic leadership work with Pres Trump on NAFTA reform?
Most people will not remember what it was like prior to nafta I do it cost me my job immediately when it went  into effect
Thank bill Clinton  or maybe he got caught messing around by Hillary and she wanted this passed
Wondering if you got with @SpeakerRyan since his plan was the 'Better Way' and Dems is 'Better Deal,' hmm 
OMG, now DemocRATS are stealing @POTUS agenda and passing it off as your own 
You are SO transparent! You're not fooling anyone.

So... Do what @realDonaldTrump did in 2016 so you can try to lie your way to more votes?

Sounds familiar 
Now you are saying @realDonaldTrump is correct in his complaint that NAFTA is bad deal for America?  Huh, go figure Why #RESISTANCE ? #MAGA
you've been there forever and this has never been a priority. First we've heard of. Where'd you get the idea?? Sounds novel.
#SlaveMasterChuck
your new slogan should be "vote for us or you will have an accident" 
Since when are you concerned about working americans. If I can remember WE didn't elect you for president. Go home chucky
So your lame attempt to save the left are Trumps policies? weird
It's more like #ABitTooLate....
Why do you want townhalls so you can pack them with paid activist?
Wait, 10??  Ten town halls!  Okay, I'm a Dem voter again!!  
So you admit NAFTA was a mistakes so when the republicans create a bill to fix NAFTA are you going to vote for it actions    more action
You never should have guarded for it in the beginning
Really Chuckles!!??  So you can hire protesters to cause chaos and mayhem...just your style!!
Why didn't you do this 8 years ago didn't think about it until Trump
Are you going to wear a red "Make America Great Again" hat too?? LOL No original ideas...just steal Trump's since he won blue collar dems!!
Good to see you are supporting POTUS and his efforts to renegotiate bad deals made by Democrats.
Yeah town hall meeting you will stuff with paid  rioters like you have done multiple times. No one should trust a democrat. Impeach Schumer!
I think the Admin has this, especially since they saw the mess created under your watchful eye. Maybe it's best for you to watch and learn.
#CopycatSchumer   I guess if you can't beat 'em, join 'em...or just copy Trump verbatim & hope no one notices. 
Glad you were paying attention to PDJT's rallies.  He said cancel or renegotiate NAFTA. You knew you heard it somewhere right?
Seriously! What were u doing over the past 8 years Chucky?

#DemoRat! @POTUS #DrainTheSewer
Cheesy. Who's playing Monty Hall? 
Better Deal would be Congress maturing and working together like adults.
You haven't had a better deal in years, get over yourself!  Tell Soros/Clinton's/Obama it's over and pack your bags!  New Boss in the House
How about new slogan "No more backroom deals in Congress let's have term limits "
Literally stealing Trump's ideas. The DNC is in a sad state of affairs.
@POTUS knows what to do. All you need to do is play dead and he'll Make America Great Again. @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Interesting. You agree with Trump?  Does this mean you will stop your hate?
@ThomasFrank_ #LIstenLiberal AHAHAHA "renogotiate NAFTA". You traitors to FDR passed it in the first place. Pelosi wont let you
F schumer
Stop stealing @POTUS ideas, loser lol
I have more respect for the crud under my shoe than I do for the democrats!
And a better pizza? Lol
Um. Ten?
Uhh. Yeah.  #TrumpCirca2015
So NOW you think NAFTA needs to be renegotiated? Where have you been all this time. Hypocrite. Stop the DEMagoguery.
Can I get your view on this.
I hope someone is saving these tweets, so when you vote against renegotiating nafta we can throw it in your face
you mean under Trump agenda
Chuck, just #MAGA. It's the same.
Why didn't you do this when Obama was president. You had eight yrs to do so.
this came from the president you did not come up with this.Your screwed the middle class on healthcare the voters do not forget
You really are trying to do as Trump does, lol.
Really???? Wow you guys bash Trump and then steal his talking points????
Stealing Trump agenda to look at it during election.  Democrats getting desperate I guess.  Democrats passed it, now afraid .
We got a better deal, Hillary not in the WH and the intelligence to know you're copying Trump. #PATHETIC
You've high jacked @POTUS agenda. You won't get to execute your "better deal" because we're already doing it #MAGA
Make sure that no coastal cities are included in the town halls
I am pretty sure Trump has been doing this since before the election... U r showing up late to the party. #MAGA
Sorry @SenSchumer, @realdonaldtrump already is renegotiating NAFTA. You're late to the party. #MAGA
NAFTA has never helped this country!  It has taken advantage of companies since inception!
Are you seriously taking Trump's policies and trying to make them as your own?
NAFTA was bad for the United States It was not good for Mexico and it did nothing for Canada.  Democrats do not care about working families
Why does renegotiating NAFTA sound familiar...  Oh yea, your President is already ahead of you.  But, welcome aboard.

Sounds exactly what Trump wanted to do.
COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS COPYKATS Have a Better deal ... LMAO 
Getting so damn old listening to you
All of this lying hurts our national security and our safety
Donald Trump's blatant lying is unacceptable and I'm not sure why you guys have waited so long
Chuck I think that some of you should introduce a bill that makes presidents accountable for lying
Yo Schumer care to respond ?
10 public halls across America? Wow way to get your message out with that many Chuck...
Trump will renegotiate NAFTA. You should just sit a learn something about negotiation little man.
Keep an eye on Donny, he thinks he's a great deal maker, but facts point in the other direction. Make sure his fam doesn't cash in on this.
Renegotiate NAFTA, that's your better deal, Trump's been talking about that for over a year.

Now Democrats are riding Trump's coattails
So it will be rallies of Trump supporters stroking his ego telling him what he wants to hear
You won't negotiate a damn thing. You don't know how. You've proven that time and time again.
Yes! Involve people!

Now this is how public policy should be changed not behind closed doors
Haven't seen you doing any town halls. Why should he?
Oh now you what to soon like Our President. You will never be anywhere near him. Keep participating losers
Stop trying to steal Trumps agenda, your party isn't about the American people
Now you want to court working families, you had your chance and I doubt your sincerity , Trump beat you to the punch! Too bad!
WAKE UP SCHUMER YOUR NOT RUNNING THE SHOW
Did Bill Clinton or Obama do that?  Spend more time on HEALTHCARE, TAXES, etc, and less time trying to fool the U.S ppl that you care! #Doof
Why didn't you ask my opinion before you jammed this down our throats just like Obamacare? Better deal same crap new box.
Pointless and a waste of time Ike most meetings.
Rename it A Raw Deal that's what you give Americans #DrainTheSwamp
You do a Town Hall and I'll rip you another
We don't want Town halls Just Do it. You're going to vote for Immigration bill?
Working families gave their input, we voted Trump, kept the house & Senate. If You had a better deal, why did you sit on it for 8 yrs. Lmao
YOUR NOT IN CHARGE SCHMUCKELS. YOU ARE THE MINORITY DINOSAUR
NICE TRY COPYING TRUMPS AGENDA. KEEP RESISTING COPYCAT CHUCK.
Ooooowe,I heard that crap http://b4.You  get all these,(opinions) then do what you want anyway,so stick that in your NAFTA.LIES
A better deal? Stock market hits all time high! I bet your retirement fund hasnt looked this good in 8 years! Jobs are everywhere!
I love that you are acting as if you just showed up in DC
GOP u better really check ur email & phones cause chuckie has tapped into the conservative movement This guy has just turned on a dime
Why didn't you do that the first time!
Copy Cat! ROFLMAO! #ABetterDeal, is all about what Trump is moron!
Another revolutionary idea.  Is trump getting to you.  If so get to work and stop the political bashing.  Enough.
Ummmmm...he did while campaigning. Your candidate (Killary) didn't seem to want to talk to lowly working families, too busy w/ Beyoncé
Why don't you do you rob.  Trump is doing his.  You are lazy stuid
Chuck, honey, NAFTA was a Dem deal in the first place. What's changed to give me confidence that y'all know what #ABetterDeal even is?
Do the people know you have never had a real job your entire life. Not one. Time for NY to put you on the street.
Would they all be Dem town halls?
You Have No Power No Credibility You Lost!! LOOSERS
Anything you can do, I can do better.
Ask don't you mean tell the 10 republicans that do democrats biddings
The American People deserve more! End big Corp $$ in politics. Include Universal Healthcare for all! Free College Tuition for all! DO BETTER
Who cares what the hell it's called? Just fix it so people don't lose their health coverage ASAP!
Late again.
Lol Trump is already going to have a better deal than NAFTA before then. Nice try tho chucky
To late Chuck butt.  You had your chance!
Also known as the entire 2016 Trump presidential election campaign. #MAGA
Will it include all boarder wall cost promised by Trump  paid by Mexico? 

Dump Trump Pence Ryan McConnel all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal
Is NAFTA a function of Congressional legislation,or in accordance with Constitution a trade agreement negotiated by E.B. ratified by Cong?
Ur better deal sucks!!!
We don't need to renegotiate NAFTA.  You are falling into the trap.  We need job training and opportunity.
you don't know what Nafta does do you, been listing to TRump ?
#freetrade should be #fairtrade
This should be called #AJokeOfADeal
your party president signed nafta and you are copying @realDonaldTrump ? some #ABetterDeal -- called plageriarism ....
No thanks...u r not a business man..u are career politicians. Stop trying to steal @POTUS platform.
Dems didnt care over the past 8 yrs to get public input. PRES TRUMP all across the US had huge rally town halls we already got a better deal
Let us guess  you get to pick which town halls? Right Chuckie boy
