Chairman Pai & the GOP already handed over your private data to big ISPs to sell to the highest bidder.
We can’t entrust them with the Internet – they’re already working on gutting #NetNeutrality
Chuckie Schumer is a globalist, he stands for the NWO, One World Government and totalitarian. a smooth talker..
It's okay for the ruling class to have the best healthcare but for the rest of the country, it's rationed care..
Sinclair Broadcast & Propaganda    Boris must be stopped! Fox News is enough State TV!
Get Trump out of office Chuck. Nothing is going to happen until you do. Get him out!
Mary please stop embarrassing yourself and your family with silly posts .
Just an FCC chair who wont spend another 5yrs advertising to boycott USbiz (and pushing US drug addicts to cryptoCash) would be nice
https://www.savetheinternet.com/net-neutrality 
Who can sell ice water to an eximo
I meant to say Exscimo
Eskimo
Need 2 lock up Schultz & other evil sewer DemonRats Baboon Bama KKKillary Lynch Rice Comey!
Well, well aren't these Republican issus and desires
Schumer,  U think we forgot how Obama tried &failed, to CONTROL the media &internet! U said nothing then,  so keep your mouth shut now!
Shouldn’t this be Al Gore’s call?
Gop are the clowns don't listen to them.
This from a man who has never seen a tax increase he didn't like. Give. Me . A . Break
OBSTRUCTOR PROPAGANDER!
...and will likely be prone to failure.  More net-frastructure is not the answer.
...corp profits inclu #BigTech, e.g. Microsoft's plan to build a trans-Atlc cable that will devastate the ocean floor environmentally...
High Frequency Packet Radio Internet #WorldFi #Net4AllAnywhere is the thing to look for with #OpenInternet.
Pai actively works against economy, consumers' best interest, & internet 
@senategop @senatedems Vote NO @AjitPaiFCC
#NetNeutrality
BUILD THAT WALL!
Cannot wait for you to be voted out of office.
It's not now chuck. Have a drink.
I don’t understand, can you share data that led to that conclusion?
Can you explain what Free & #OpenInternet means, in the mind of @SenSchumer please?  Then I'll explain what integrity is. 
Chuck wants everything free regardless of what it costs tax payers.  NY spends $25,000 per year per immigrant.  Hope tax payers think it is working
And I guess this is OK for you
You cant be trusted chuckie
Playing the "rich card " except all the rich guys r dems so he's really lying
Go away Chucky Boy!!
We need a @POTUS who believes in the US Constitution & our laws & most importantly has a grasp of the basics of morals and how to be a human
We have that NOW! Didn't have it with Obama AKA LIAR IN CHIEF
What about Obama's giving away control of the internet. Why is it now Trump's problem??
Free and open? Is that why you allow the govt to spy on people via the internet?
Obamacare is imploding & millions will not be able to pay the higher  insurance premiums.
This is on the democrats
How much money do you accept from corporation's?
What in the hell would you about free and open you socialistic,sneaky, lying,backstabing,race baiting slime ball?
Coming from someone who has corporations in his pocket and tries to shut down any and all who disagree #priceless
Chuck, don't forget... The Internet give a VOICE to your political opposition that YOUR Main Stream Media refuses to address...
Take'em down Senator! Also could you support the We the People reform legislation?
Someone wound up #cryingChuck

The Federal Election Committee could have prevented the Facebook/Russian troll campaign. But it didn't want to.
[Thread]
The Dems could have played a part in reducing the effect of Russion involvement but they were so convinced of Hillary win they ignored it.
Hillary knows all that stuff, a wiz servers.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck!
WE THE PEOPLE ARE TIRED OF YOUR SHENANIGANS!! Time to retire!
Sad thing is since they started allowing this, there has been noticeable difference in load speed for many different sites.
And is not a tool.
Yeah right...look who's talking.....such B S again
Your net neutrality doesn't work Chuck. Stop the spending madness.
What we NEED is Trump out of the WH... Until that happens, he'll keep appointing the least qualified / appropriate person for the job, etc
SENATOR  I AGREE THEY THE CONSPIRATORS ARE TRYING TO INFLUENCE US FROM ALL SIDES!
And totally against liberal corporations sensoring anything right of Marx 
We need politicians who will cut the debt they have accumulated instead of spending all their time on twitter. Leaving congress wealthy?
Ditto for healthcare, ditto for climate change.
We need a lot of things????

Thanks for all your hard work up there. We value you. Great speech today on the tax nonsense tRump is trying to sell
You worship lying Chuckie and wonder why we keep getting screwed. He never does what he says & enjoys being an obstructionist with no plan!

Blah blah do-nothing rhetoric from a smug liberal.

I agree, and we need him OUT
The GOP IS sabotaging ACA. Our PREMIUMS WILL RISE!  WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THIS SENATOR??????
The ACA is imploding by itself. It was ill conceived, had poor admin (US gov't) & was a socialist plan for care. All failing attributes.
My dude.
