Yes and we all should all be able to move to vancouver and get benefits and live as Canadian  citizens. But we can't because..well reality
They are all here legally my http://dear.Work , school visa & also DACA kids just have to fill out their paper work-Don't scare them

Criminal Justice college wants to break the law?  I call that unreal. What kind of college are you?
Start fill out paperwork to become a citizen. End of discussion.
Proud of my school!
That is pretty messed up since you say you are a College of Criminal Justice. You start everyone out by encouraging them to break the law?
Slavery was legal at a point in time. We should do our best not to have the law dictate our morals and values for we are not a dictatorship.
At least someone is willing to protect Americans thank you John Jay  wish our President had your heart and soul thnaks
Illegals are NOT citizens! ONLY, Americans that are LEGAL are citizens. They do it legally & get paper, will b glad to call em Americans!
Way are U not using this passion on our broken country? More homeless ever, illegals have drained the welfare buckets. Stop and see around U
what is a John Jay, another fool who hates america and the law as established by congress, much like democraps
Protect "illegal"immigrants but kill the unborn. UNBELIEVABLE
Why?? Lets bring 10,000 eligal Russian to the USA. Are you ok with that? Bet I do not get a answer from you.
Why do I not get an Answer for Questions. Its a simple Answer. YES  we should  or  NO we should NOT. Simple Answer.Please or R you afraid
Oh This Is Going To Hurt...
CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
They can try all they want. When the cash stops flowing things will change. DACA is unconstitutional and you losers know it.
Sorry, they gotta go

CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
Thank you! I love seen the support we get!
American soldiers often get a article 15 for insignificant infractions. Illegal aliens make demands. Totally a backward situation. #MAGA

Goodlatte: Obama said 22 times he lacks power to change immigration law | PolitiFact Virginia http://www.politifact.com/virginia/statements/2016/apr/25/bob-goodlatte/goodlatte-obama-said-22-times-he-lacks-power-chang/ …
Chuckie once spoke out against illegals but now he defends them b/c it's all about politics.
https://twitter.com/DropThe_Mic/status/904861070690586624 …

WhereS your support for the LEGAL Dreamers in the inner city schools in America stuggeling to be safe & a the right good education..CRICKETS
sure then ppl wonder why schools are always crying broke! 73 Million dollars are spent in Oregon just on illegal children
 #TELL
#CONGRESS~
#PASS #IMMIGRATION
#REFORM !!

 #USA #CONSTITUTION~
#RULE #OF #LAW !

 #AMERICAN #CITIZENS
#DESERVE #DREAMS #FIRST !
Only because they have to vote for him or get deported from what he has said
Pls Read U.S. Blacks and the 2nd Amendment, amazon e-book and know that we support you.
AMERICAN CHILDREN FIRST
Americans are committed to expelling all illegals
That's just great another criminal u support & approve Is there no end to ur lawlessness corruption America Wake Up dems r destroy USA
Well they can live at YOUR house then, cause I don't want them in my neighborhood
lawlessness!
CC: @ICEgov @DHSgov 

Go get 'em. 

Enforce the law that we passed and instructed you to enforce.
Way to go! #JohnJay outs itself as anti-American law breakers. 

Not surprised, Democrats always support crime & criminals.
Look at all these free loading illegals that are violating our Constitution along with Obama and Democratic Leaders. No loyalty to Americans
Just think, Americans pay 2educate all those #IllegalAliens while their parents avoid paying income tax get government aide 
Not on my dime
Millions of Americans wish they could go to college but Chuck kicks them to the curb for illegal aliens.  Shameful Chuck
We all know who's to blame for this, it's congress! Get to work and stop passing blame! U have 6 months. #TermLimits
Dem R doing this for illegal votes, which they R now committing Fraud from illegals today. Dem R a danger to our Country, demolish the Party
Good they all can be accepted in Germany.
Promoting lawlessness.
All makes u feel warm and fuzzy, but where does it end. DACA was a mistake, and unconstitutional
1)So if I were to murder somebody is there a sanctuary for murderers? Of course not. They broke the law. They are unlawful. If I were to-
2)-go to Mexico unlawfully they would throw me in prison. That's what happened to Ethan Couch. Get off your high horse.
Americans have EVERY RIGHT to vet those who want to become citizens.There is a path to citizenship known as the naturalization process #DACA
Statement from President Donald J. Trump:
You've been overly focused on illegals and neglecting your VOTING constituents you might want reverse that or get voted out
They might want to keep *this* in mind, as they fight against the hypocrite in chief...who's family was deported:
1)I don't see how in any way this makes Trump a hypocrite. If his grandfather were deporting illegals then yes he would be a hypocrite.
2)But Trump was never deported therefore he is not a hypocrite. It okay though. You tried.
Way to go John Jay College. You guys rock!!
Campus police/security willing to defend on-campus sanctuary locations by force from ICE? B/c otherwise "commitment" is pretty meaningless.
Something tells me you're not getting even a lame response from that load of truth you just gave them.
Interactive praise and worship followed by engaging topic discussions with question and answer sessions. We are changing the way young people have church. Come fellowship with us. #ChristInteractive
