They get paid to teach.   Why should they have deductions and no other person that works get them?   Again paid for their service
Do you have to buy your own supplies & the kids', clean your floors, decorate walls & bulletin boards 3-4X/yr? These aren't options.
I can't count the times I've bought lunch for hungry kids, made Care Packages for weekends, driven families to immigration lawyers,
Thank god you are the saint you think you are
Maybe we teachers will be designated saints later.  For now, our work is our mission.  What's yours?  Or are you just about you?
I doubt it.  Parents are the teachers you are a glorified overpaid babysitter
Yeah, like your babysitter taught you biology, trig and calculus. I bet your parents didn't either. Volunteer at a school.  Learn something.
I was homeschooled.   They did
Aren’t donations to schools considered charitable deductions?  Seems a teacher could get a tax receipt from the school, no?
At the very least. Reimbursement better, more money for schools in the first place even better.
Oh please,get into the real world.  Parents are footing that bill!  How about a tax deduction for them!
Well.  For once something you said sounds good.  Do you not even pay income taxes?  You accused President Trump of?
Can you define fraud----- its Chuck "the liar" Schumer
How about banning 'continuing resolutions and congress actually doing it's job or NO BREAKS, RECESSES, OR TRIPS HOME???
How about 15%(?) flat tax on all corp. & ind. income over $50k w/no deductions/exemptions & balanced budget amend & Pres Line item veto.
Woo hoo Chuck. What a minimal savings. Then do the Dems thing and tax the middle class. Guess what...that's those teachers!
What's it's like to be a turd from a cesspool who works in a cesspool??? Isn't NY where they pay child molesting teachers not to teach???
If you were, well, you had you would know that you can claim any expenses for work, or charity as a tax deduction
Essential!! Yes!
How about one for parents buying these supplies?
Isn't it already a work expense???
Old news Chuck, drop your delusional democratic crap and support President, you're still an Enemy of the Republic and Constitution.
There are no democrats that are daring enough to be bold and fix the tax code
They already get a tax deduction for that!! How about the rest of the middle class , how about making child support a tax deduction !
Good start but teachers should not have to pay for any supplies.
The schools should pay for their supplies
1. Teachers are underpaid.  2. Teachers should not pay for supplies... 3. Instead of tax cuts for the rich, put money towards student needs!
Excellent! As a former teacher,  I spent a great deal of my personal funds on my students.
Give a tax break to the small businesses that pay the taxes to fund our schools.
Oh of course play to the union base. They spend less time teaching now than they ever did and want tax relief now! BS
Teacher should never have to pay for anything. You need to increase their pay.
This would help!! But I would love for @NYGovCuomo to redeem himself by helping educators and schools!!
JUDGES,POLITICIANS,SENATORS,PRESIDENTS,EVERYONE IS WHERE THEY ARE BECAUSE OF TEACHERS-LOOK AT YOUR ROOTS!WITHOUT THEM NO ONE WOULD PROGRESS!
REALLY?FUND SCHOOLS, PROVIDED CREDITS, RAISE PAY TO LIVING WAGES, TEACHERS ARE OUR NATION'S FOUNDATION MAYBE WE SHOULD REALIZE THEIR WORTH.
TEACHERS PROVIDED YOU WITH THE INTELLIGENCE TO BECOME WHAT YOU ARE, EVERYONE HAS BEEN MOLDED BY TEACHERS! SHAMEFUL, NOT EVEN A CREDIT. SAD!!
Chuck you finally said something I can agree with! Mazel Tov!
Chuck, (-_-) Teachers should get the budget they need, PER COURSE via FUNDING, not pay for it and get a "Deduction". Remove head from ass.
'Bout time!
What is the average cost per child per year in Ny.schools,now as sanctuary state how many illegal childern attend Ny schools,Just Facts Pls.
Big word here "COULD" what the F dept of edu each year wants more money time to do a budget review & give them a hair cut.
Earned teacher tax deduction shouldn't be necessary if schools were properly funded!
Terrible idea. How about we just properly fund schools?....
Stop with the deductions. Tax reform is needed.  Rational tax reform threatens your need for personal power and accumulation of wealth.
teachers shouldn't be out of pocket any$'s.i know they want to be the best they can be&it happens,but can't continue. fund or pass deduction
I agree Chuck.
School taxes account for over 80% of my property tax. Over $8000 for me. My kids got a list of items to bring like paper, pencils,markers
Why give teachers an expense account?? Fund schools properly FFS.
Please make it for all teachers. Not just public school teachers but private too!!!!
About time you get behind a worthy cause!
How about you allow parents to send kids to the schools they want.
Democrats blocked anti-lynching legislation; things haven't changed much.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families they care about they self like hillary clinton
When Libs propose, it's a deduction.
When Reps propose, it's a loophole!
This is a loophole ...I
Enough already! School taxes are already high enough! Where is the $ going? Get more efficient! And get better results for kids!!
You need to learn to budget! Stop wasting our money. We pay taxes for schools even when you do not have children or your children are grown.
That would be helpful. I have many friends who buy classroom supplies for their classrooms because of budget cuts.
My teachers at best bought chalk.  Maybe schools are making it unnecessarily difficult or too flashy .  Keep it simple.
Teachers should not be buying their own supplies.
And how about social workers and other underpaid professionals who spend their personal money on supplies etc?
As it should be. Teachers spend a fortune out of pocket bc they care. They deserve a tax deduction!! Thank you!
Chuck you should be with Hillary on her book tour. I know she is your candidate and you are still confused about why she lost.
Where does all the Lotto money go? Seriously asking. I can't buy bread w/o waiting 10 -20 minutes for Lotto players
Why do teachers have to pay for class materials? The school should buy them!
People don't want to pay taxes.
Great idea!!
With all the waste of the gov, it's pathetic we can't fund schools.
@senschumer may I read the bill? I can't find anyone in #Congress that can claim they've actually read #medicareforall b4 supporting.
Teachers in my city make more money the anyone, don't work in the summer and have unbelievable pension. I don't think they need another dedt
Unless a teacher owns a home, this won't help, bc otherwise prob not enough to itemize. Make it a credit.
Isn't it already a deduction of up to $250?
Just fund the schools. It's time for nationalized education.
thats ridiculous!
Is it just k-12? College instructors do the same thing but get no breaks. Esp. True for community colleges.
Is this not the current unreimbursed business expense? Just asking
Oh your finally going to do something GOOD.  #crybabychucky  STILLVOTING UE ASS OUT
Isn't that Educator Expenses, line 23 on the 1040? Not sure what you are asking for.
This is asinine. Why should teachers pay for these things at all? Fund the schools.
Hey! Why don't you support #healthcareforall
I'm an RN, doing same for patients in homecare & do it because I care. No writeoff available. You know this country can't keep paying 4 this
That's crap- they already have excellent benefits for 9 mo. job, paid continuing ed etc on my $4000 prop taxes. Teach lib, PC, BS & fake hx
Teachers who spend their own funds to help educate our children should get s break on their taxes, teachers don't get paid enough as it is
$250 is nowhere near what most teachers spend to supplement their instruction!
For the first time I agree with you. Hope this means more to come. 
#dpannellproudrepublican
How about paying a living wage????
@DNC won't have to worry about my vote being "suppressed"... I, won't be VOTING! I'm done with this whole damn circus! Your all CROOKS!
While at it,work 2 REPEAL GPO/WEP Provisions-garner SS wages rightfully earned by Retired Educators in 26 States! @nytimes @Trib_ed_board
After @BestyDeVosED gets done... Perhaps the teachers who voted for T-rump can request an Amway sales position from Ms. DeVos...
Maybe. Did you Apply yet ?
Wherel does all the taxpayer $$$ go that we pay for education? Most property taxes go for schools not counting all the separate millages.
#1. I'm ashamed to call myself a Dem or American anymore! Your kidding me @SenSchumer? TEACHERS SHOULDN'T PAY! Should be 100% TAX CREDIT!
Taxpayers pay a fortune for publuc education and kids aren't getting any smarter. They are going backwards.
What a wonderful idea!
Wow. All of sudden you want to talk taxes... how long have you been in the senate?
Omgosh you are dilusional. Total bs and another way to screw taxpayers. Americans pay thru the nose for education. Admin waste it, fix it
Hey Chuck! If the tax payers are going to foot the bill for teachers why not just pay them better in the first place?
$30 billion to Israel, $30 billion to Egypt, $2 trillion for no-win wars, would buy a lot of pencils and books.
Why? Where is the Tax money to cover those expenses..... OH.... paying some illegals housing and food...
And maybe a tax credit for just being a teacher.
Chuckles, if Congress obeys Art 1, Sec 2, Clause 3, US Const., you'd bill the states for the federal budget, not the citizens.
We need more deductions for the American people for throwing away our money paying people like you for doing nothing but keep up the BS
Thank you: from a teacher.
Twenty-six years in, thank you!
That's "Chuckie-Cheeze"@SenSchumer...
always pandering to someone, something!!
This time it's the @NEA!!
Hey Chuckie I'm a teacher. The laptop I have is supplied by the district. As are books and supplies. How ignorant you are
Chuck, you finally get one right. My daughter is a teacher in NC and spends thousand of her own money so the kids get what they need!
#it should
Working on those juicy union donations for your election I see.
You have a selective tax deduction plan, only for scumball democrats, not a surprise?
Chuck Schumer for president!
They already get that subject to agi limitations.  If you wasn't to help them you should give a 1:1 tax credit for those expenses.
Don't I already take this deduction? Asking for a friend, in theory.
Would rather we properly fund schools so teachers have the supplies and support they need.
Don't tell @BetsyDeVosED #DeloresUmbridge this. She will get her Blackwater Brother after teachers.
Sadly it is quite small.
They deserve it !
No they don't !! their making between $80k and $120k a year working half a year
Still looking for ways to spend our tax dollars?  We want tax reform without this kind of crap. Mortgage and charitable deductions only
Hmmm...there's The Recovery Act, repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell, Snowden Legislation, food safety, 2010 tax cut deal, etc.
Now you worry about teacher expenses? WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN. We value education but treat/pay teachers like crap. Do your JOB and fix it Loser
This is lame. These items should be requisitioned properly by paid employees and made readily available to teachers upon request
Should be, but seldom are. Especially in poor districts, which have the greatest need.
Just trying to compare what's being proposed to an alternative where teachers are actually trusted and supported in their efforts
It would be amazing. I would LOVE to be able to do my job without worrying about classroom materials!
Go to your school boards n file complaint.
Finally! Teachers do not get paid enough... #teachersneedraises
You do mean for the teacher's personal use?  You don't mean purchases for students' use that the school budget should pay for?
Ought to be at least $1000! @SenSchumer
Send your donations to the local school board
No, this should be a tax CREDIT, not a deduction.
Pencils, markers, classroom library, erasers, and on and on
Whiteboards, binders, folders, notebooks, erasers. Books, books, and more books...I need more than 140 characters!
We do not get reimbursed for $ spent out of our own meager pay checks. The tax deduction should be a credit. Wall money for education!!
More than the $200 we currently get?
Why aren't you supporting the new Medicare bill
Why the hell are the employees now expected to pay for the employers business supplies? ARE YOU NUTS? This is why we are taxed! #TEA
Clarify what you think teachers should be paying for.
No institution, public or private, should be putting this burden on their employees.
Is it revenue neutral Chuckie? #hypocrites
Chuck, Out of pocket Expenses should be paid for by School Districts, You should my taxed for that every year.
I'd rather have the schools fully funded instead
Now how about doing something for starving adjunct professors? Like withholding federal funds from colleges underpaying?
How about withholding all federal funds from higher ed
Public school parents also support the budget with fundraisers, donations, volunteer work, etc. Any of that deductible?
Could? How about must? Teachers need as much supplies as the military or police or fire or medical. Need to step up Chuck! #iamvoting
About time. My 35 years in Education cost me a small fortune.
This wld be helpful.Better yet, fund education sufficiently so educators don't have 2 buy their own supplies.Gee. What a concept.
Why wouldn't you at least make it a tax credit? Teachers aren't exactly "cleaning up" in the income department.
What? that's not fair 4 low incomes schools. Teachers there can't afford gas money
Wow. First time ever I totally agree with you!!!
Hey, I have an idea: Pay us a decent living wage AND support our districts with funding to do our jobs. Education should be priority # one.
You make more then 80% of the population
Keep it up.  work with President Trump for the good of America. Please get us some tax relief. #TaxReform
Commit to #Medicareforall. This is just a drop in an overflowing bucket.
True. But... Teachers really should not have to be buying these things out-of-pocket, at all.
Agree.
Nice but doesn't help them cough up the money to begin with. And unless a credit it just gets diluted with tax math.
Why haven't you committed to the medicaid for all bill yet?
Healtchare chuck, get your priorities straight
Since when hasn't it?
Could? Famous dem B.S.!!
Teachers and teachers union get way too much now More than the schools get.  Too many days paid days off and not enough learning.
teachers are the backbone of a strong, upright, healthy society.
The problem with Chuck is he has a little dick. Really.
This already exists. It's a whole $250 tax deduction. Some schools in FL budgeted only $15 for teachers to purchase school supplies for year
There are many issues with school funding. Until it's a local and federal priority over weapons of war we will always be less competitive
It should be 100% local. You can pay teachers 6 figures if you want. But don't use my tax dollars. U want something for nothing
OMG, more entitlements! What planet are you from?
California public school teacher here: pay us more so that we don't have to pay 4 things out of pocket. Teachers pay thousands of OWN money
Bs
You and the other white and  NEGRO dems remain silent when obama supported white RACIST democrat KLAN Robert Byrd.
And it should.
Great idea! I hope it would also apply to community college instructors. Or public schools could be fully funded to buy all the supplies.
tax deductions come to late in the year, increase their pay and give them tax free purchase power for school supplies
Give them there pay.   Chosen field not everyone's problem.  With their unions they more than get their pay children are the sacrifice
Senator Schumer, u & leader Pelosi should support Medicare 4 All. I know u both care so much 4 our people & our nation!
Yeah and why not give 4000 for all too. I need some extra money. Thanks vhuck.
But only if they were to earn enough to itemize their deductions, right?
A tax deduction is nice, but ultimately teachers should not have to pay our of pocket for school supplies for their classrooms and students.
This isn't a new deduction.  Everyone gets that right?
Great because we will need those deductions in NY State because we don't have real job or income growth.
Scam... teachers buy supplies, then charge students cash, get tax deduction...fraud
Let's see. Schools get federal tax funds, state tax funds, property taxes & collect fees on sports & with all of this it's not enough. Bull
Teachers that make $80k a year? 
LIVING WAGE > TAX DEDUCTION
Interesting in figures,for nonamerican...
This is wrong-headed. Govt should fully fund education so teachers won't need a tax deduction. Equality matters.
Oh fully fund healthcare fully fund education.  Why don't you go to Venezuela and see how well that turns out. U run out of money fast
LIVING WAGE > TAX CREDITS
Ok how about we pay them more  too
They make more than you.
Ugh because you know my profession? Ok.
No because you obviously don't know what teachers get paid.
Yes I do and I've taught before. You need to pay a teacher to school you because you don't know what they make.
And because your logic skills are LACKING
In Kodiak Ak, $89k,
In Coos Bay Or, $62. But in 70s
In Sacramento  $96k
In Roseville Ca, $10K
Where are you teaching? Goldman Sachs? Look at a public school district. In CA most start around 40k. In major cities in CA, MAYBE 50k.
Mr Schumer ,, please help this go through & make it a sizeable deduction for them. Set the teachers up to help the kids thrive.
Worst performing district in WNY, Buffalo spends $22,000 per student per year, top districts spend < $12,000 per.  Union issues?
We need to pay our teachers like we pay sports players!!!
You can. It's up to your town to pony up the tax dollars. You can pay them as much as you like.
Great!  If they get rid of the cosmetic riderbin their union health plan the district could afford the supplies
And then they can live a comfortable life with one job!
Not sure what planet you live on teachers on Long Island are making anywhere from $80k to 120k a year while working half a year.
A $250 deduction adds up to about $34 in return. That right there buys a lot of pencils.
Chuck we're not looking for more deductions...we're looking for post card returns & lower tax rate.
#impeachTrumpnow
Idiot
you are Nancy lost it. 45 is playing you for fools. He can't get anything done w/ GOP. Working with 45 you give him 4 more years
no more special interest deductions.  Maybe provide teachers a .5% lower tax rate.  Deductions add complexity
Het Feds out of education. Give back to states
First good idea Senator. Should be a deduction from taxable income and capped at $1k.
I'm okay with that....but why should it come out of their pockets?
Yes, definitely
why don't you give them some of your cash from your stash?
for once I agree with u
The word is 'will', not 'could'. Teachers deserve to be reimbursed for every penny they put into their classes ed. #TeacherExpenseDeduction
Send your donations to the local school board and vote for a tax increase in your district
So sad.  Underpaid teachers having to supplement our children's education.  How about 500 to each classroom out of our taxes?
It should earn them full compensation not just a tiny percentage. Shameful at best.
That's just a taxable deduction. They all deserve a quarterly stipend @SenSchumer #teachers #back2school
What about parents?  I just sent in 3 shopping bags of school supplies.
Cut the federal government out of public education and return those dollars to the states ensuring the money is spent on classroom needs.
Hey, here's an idea. How about schools fund the supplies! Teachers should't have 2 subsidize schools. Forget the wall. $ can go to education
Never forget THE WALL  . must be a snowfall teacher  . Sad
Why not just supply them with the money then they do not have to have out of pocket expenses.
Money is not the solution, we spend more on education than any country in the world, with no good results.
And I have seen teachers pay out of pocket myself. Better check on other countries education system, because kids are a lot smarter.
Or, alternately, actually fund education.
He won't get votes that way, vote all incumbents out, both parties.
Why are teachers even spending any money. Maybe schoools should budget cost needs first before looking at salaries. Fat chance of that.
I spent $100 to cover 3 bulliten boards and $90 to buy my students notebooks just for starters.
For starters John , what's a bulliten board ? #WednesdayWisdom
As a teacher, I respectfully disagree with this concept. Teachers shouldn't have to pay for these expenses in the first place.
Your right.  And your hot.
