@realDonaldTrump should release his taxes before any attempt is made on tax reform
Far more info than tax forms - did it a year ahead of schedule http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/16/news/trump-financial-disclosure-form/index.html ….  But guess msm didn't tell you
Real estate/partnership info on tax returns would offer full transparency. The man has lied about when he’d release returns. What he hiding?
Anyone with common sense understands why he wouldn't release hundreds of pages of tax returns, as much disinformation is out there. Move on
Oh I understand WHY he wants to hide his tax returns. If you’d be upset that Hilary didnt release her tax returns, why aren’t you with T?
I don't think you do understand why, if you ask such a stupid question.  HRC tax return would show only one or two sources of income and be
“Would”? She did release them. The right wing media did crucify her, but she still did it for transparency sake.
And if you are gullible enough to think HRC did anything for transparency and not political reasons- you are part of the US political problm
Fair #taxreform is a flat tax where everyone pays the same %; fiscal responsibility comes from budget cuts, & not passing single payer hc.
You do know Single Payer is cheaper right?
Cheaper for whom? Have you CBO numbers on this? Link please.

Not seeing CBO numbers cited... and as @SenSchumer & the Democrats have said for every GOP bill, CBO numbers are sacrosanct, yeah? #TryAgain
Everyone else who has single payer  pay way less and have cheaper drugs, plus businesses would save money from not paying for health ins
And still no CBO scores... as to your anecdotal evidence, not even Cali & Vermont will pass single payer. Telling.
Lol Mr.CBO, you are comparing the budgets of states to the wealthiest nation in the world, not wise.
You can take 100% of the top 1% and bankrupt them and kill thousands of jobs and the gov't would spend the entire 100% in less90 days
Not one second of the day or night they aren't trying to scam us
No rest for the weary...
the Barbour has been moved till 1pm tomorrow fb
Stop your BS PROPAGANDA Chuck! Tax reform will boost the economy and bring back jobs and paychecks. That's what Americans need.
You want what's best for you.. Not the American people! 
We see through you!
You think American people are dumb?
You're NOT A PATRIOT!
Liar cheater demander ignoramus fool in chief @POTUS doesn't care about USA only his pocket!Puerto Rican's pay USA taxes!Get them help!
You are a sad leader and I use the word loosely.
You want to keep the lobbyists putting cash in your pocket!
Can't wait to vote you out!
And I urge that Schumer and his conspirators resign from office as an act of sincere patriotism for the national good.
Stop the rhetoric Schumer.
Hmmm Chuck. You criticise politicians having big donors. Lol, I believe you now. Donor puppet Chuck.
Corporations provide jobs. More people working means more tax revenue for the Government. Hard to fathom isn't it?
Wow! Look who's talking!!!!!
Kennedy, and Regan showed it works. You want MORE Government?
Keep dreaming and crying.
It has been proven a tax cut will push USA'S economy
#CryingChuck doesn't know math to figure it out. Couldn't even keep track of talking points. 
All Dem states are high taxes. LEARN FROM IT!

Alert!
Trump and GOP can use this tax bill to torch Obamacare! It's a tax law and they can kill mandate and penalty which can kill it! https://twitter.com/NYGovCuomo/status/913138281780514817 …
Good
Google Chuck and DNC donors.  Need ethic review of pay for play by donors and all politicans. 1% wealth is in capitol gains @15% tax!
need googlr review click here
Right on Senator!
What the he'll does 'MAINSTREAM TAX REFORM' mean chuck?
Amen
Best thing to get rid of is YOU
Schumer is dogshit brain commi anti-American imbisol moron evil demon devil throw him out if DC! hates Americans he just obstructs help!
Says the lobbyists & unions ,rich friend of Wall Street, Dems who doubled Natl debt &shrank middle class,disastrous Obamacare & taxes taxes
#PuertoRico in ruins, Houston and Florida needing relief, and you guys are talking about tax cuts for the rich. Sad and weak.
We demand it! Don't be stupid -vote for tax reform. Be part of solution not just balking system everyday!
Read the legislation and stop lying to Americans. For ONCE can you please support the people over your Democratic Party? Please?
Go back and look at Reagan cuts and the big job boom after corporate tax cuts Company hire more ppl and ppl pay taxes, go to business school
You urge the gop to just shut up, sit down and let you dems decide what is best right chuck.
You will do what Soros tells you to do
Wow alot of ideas except for cutting taxes
This from Schumer who consistently blocks an increase in capital gains tax for decades + takes care of banks who provide ample campaign $
You have no idea what fiscal responsibility is. How long have you been a senator? I am pretty sure the debt has just gone up the whole time
VOTE NO!
Tax plan to distroy ACA Medicaid Medicare infrastructures 
Impeach Trump Pence
Vote OUT RYAN McConnell ALL GOP Reps sabotaging ACA
We're getting double standard tax deductions,  & WE NEED IT! stop trying to hurt Middle class! #disgusting!
You should take a knee.. and THANK GOD you are a Senator in NY!! Your ship would have sailed along time ago in most other States!Wake up NY!
Widen the existing brackets.  Make married filing jointly top $100K.  Equal break for all.
That smirk you have makes you appear disingenuous
Why don't you do something for the disabled and the disabled veterans and the minimum wage earners ???
All you politicians take from the least to get more and more and more. It's never enough with you vultures. Plenty is not enough.
Schumer and other dems beholden to 4000 tax lobbyists in DC https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/02/12/dnc-drops-ban-lobbyists-pac-money/80291908/ ….   Dems do not want tax reform
I remember Pelosi saying unemployment & welare checks were good for the local economies.
Democrats like taxes because they feel they can spend it better than if the taxpayer kept it huh? If you have a paycheck you are wealthy
Alert: Check out Schumers economics grade over all the years in office D- 
Look at the boundless reams of stupid thoughts , dollars & cents
Again looks like #Schumer still trying to keep his Voters in Poverty & #BrainWash them into thinking they will get everything handed to them
These Tax Cuts will create jobs & Citizens will get a boost in Pay & #Schumer wants to derail it because he wants to keep people in Poverty
Chuck those people you want tax cuts for don't pay #Federal taxes anyways.. #CorporateTaxCuts will boost this Economy..
RT @realDonaldTrump RE: #TaxReform YOU FAILED because you didn't address/fix the ROOT PROBLEM: BIG CORPORATIONS' TAX EVASION and FRAUD. #USA
Well Schumer you know that won"t happen, so it is time to RESIST.
Kansas actually implemented conservative tax reform. Results? Epic failure and economy in the toilet.
This is a very ambiguous statement. Need actual points
@GOP @TheDemocrats #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow 
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
It’s just welfare for billionaires
Do you think handing over billions more in defense spending to trump is fiscally or morally responsible?
chuck u must make more than the mid class Here we can lower UR salary tak away ur free HC &that nice retirement  that i dont have Shut it
Carried-interest tax loophole?
All you're doing is playing games for personal wealth. You will obstruct any and all proposals simply to make Republicans fail. Traitor.
If I were you I'd be trying to flip the Repub senators who defected on HC. Get a Senate majority.
Still milquetoast, Mr Senator.
You and your party do NOT care about the #middleclass
#stopthelies
You / your party are the reason I wasn’t able to start a business so please shut the fuck up already with these boldface lies
Please please stop the lying clown face prick
This tax plan is going to effect states with higher taxes..like uhhhhhNEW YORK.  The only reason u give a hoot


Let's talk campaign finance reform and then talk tax reform. Our elected officials should work for us not those who bought their office
The country urges dem's to abandon socialism. You just keep losing. Thought by now you'd figure it out. Common sense not so common I guess
Stop telling lies about the tax deductions. People urge Chuck to get on board with the tax cuts.
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence The #American People require both their Federal and State itemized Deductions (all) with no exceptions. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump The @GOP in cahoots with Big Corporations on #HealthcareBill & #TaxReform will screw #WeThePeople and Your Agenda. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump Once again like #FullRepeal #Trump screws #Americans & #WeThePeople on #taxes & sells out to the Big Corporations. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump #WeThePeople #TaxPlan req. changes: Ind & Sm Bus Flat Tax 10% (keep all deductions); Corp. Flat Tax 15% (No Deductions).
Tax breaks for corporations do NOT lead to jobs. CEOs are rewarded for keeping wages and benefits LOW. Cutting corporate tax helps top .001
I just finished listening to Pres of Jarvis tax foundation in CA. So far it appears Schumer is lying. Still interpreting
Can you be specify specifics? What is mainstream? Just to get on same page
Raise the marginal tax rate on the very rich and use the money for Medicaid for all, then raise it some more and reduce the deficit.
Fiscally Responsible? Obama raised the debt by 10trillion....how bout y’all waste less of our money and budget your spending
Everyone needs tax relief - elderly, middle class families, new workers, corporations, all of America needs a break from tax slavery.
Smh. Really.
Where was ur fiscally responsible when obam tax increases for 8 yrs u taxed the working citizens back to the Stone Age most debt in history
OK. But, NO #DealStopper w/o negotiating bipart #taxreform. DealStopper rhetoric=PURE #Nonsense! Puts U in swamp w 49 Reps bad-bill voters!
Thats right..dont forget it cant be racist, impact babies, & cause millions to die like the current proposed plan. Don't forget those points
You guys are so pathetic...
U.S. military why fight for ungratful, spoiled Americans that disrespect your fallen brothers.I wouldn't do again. FUCK NFL
All Democrats must grow spines & nothing happens in Congress, not taxes, not infrastructure, nothing...shut it down until Puerto Rico helped
You can be sure -- the GOP plan will never satisfy the socialist agenda.  Thank goodness.

This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed & grow TOGETHER – as one team, one people, & one American family. #TaxReform 
WE URGE NEW YORKERS TO VOTE SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN
The irony here is delicious
You and your fellow Democrats spent from $10 trillion to $20 trillion in 8 years. More than all other Presidents in history. Don’t fault GOP
 which President did the debt begin under?
You lie about the tax plan because you want trump to fail. Dems have done NOTHING for the middle class
Oh Chuckie you're confusing Hillary with Donald. Remember Hillary didn't win it's a non-issue
Hear hear
Chuck your lying again , you have always been for bigger government and more spending ...
Get on board Chuck! Sick of you twisting the facts! Big corporations success is success for our retirement plans.
You have audacity to even act like you care about the deficit! You have done nothing but run up government spending your whole career! #Maga
Translation:   Raise taxes!  Increase spending!!    No way, senator.
#TrumpTaxScam
Stop obstructing Chuck! #SchumersGottaGo
You're a liar. No one believes you. A lot of corrupton in NY. You next?
You are the one that caters to special interest you only care about voters when you need re election
And America urges you to resign!
So the Koch brothers are willing to pump 400 million dollars into the RNC. Do you think they may want something in return?
All due respect but priority right now is the welfare of our island citizens. Lift the Jomes Act now!
W/respect, plz use your powerful voice 4Puerto Rico! #JonesAct is problem; fix. PR needs boots on the ground; send military. @NancyPelosi
Ask if you can commie up this legislation as usual
Chucky u #Democrats r bad news - but - I know taxes - I agree w u & at this early juncture. Senior homeowners will pay higher tax
#TaxReform
BAM, Bro.
That you're even talking about tax reform with the @GOP while Trump refuses to release his tax returns is a total failure on your part.
His taxes mean nothing to most Americans, he uses loop holes like anybody would ...
Were you napping for 8 years?
Ummm. What did Obama do for tax reform???
Chuck Schumer, You don't want Trump to succeed and teach Democrats like you that you're a clueless self-promoting pompous jackass. #maga
Senator. The big money is the top 1/10 of 1%. There is a huge drop in income after that. Don't demonize the rest of us.  Please be concise.
Yes we need our state and real estate deductions, we aren't exactly wealthy, what ever we earn goes in cost of living. How do we save?
When you "Donors who demand it " , means the corrupt politicians who like pay for play ? Hmm? Clinton,  yourself,  Waters , Podesta ????
Your comments are ludicrous and dishonest!!! What does that not surprise me? Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work
Well said!
SO CHUCKSTER, U USED KIMMEL FOR HELTHCRE, U USE CNN/NBC/MSNBC FOR DAILY HATE, LET ME GUESS COLBERT FOR TAXES, LOL U USE THE RICH!SHUTUP SIR
Obstruct this shit, Chuck.
LOL - sick thing to say coming from you - the leader that encouraged $21 tril in deficits - our children and theirs thank you
Hey Chuckster, all u doing is talking bt what u do and knw very well, u hv been paid by donors for yrs, we voters see thru u and yr tactics
That sounds so much like the Dems. Need to check my hearing.
Apparently you have way too much time on your hands,look how often you tweet. #addicted

Keep working with @JimmyKimmelLive , he is a great communicator.
Healthcare and tax reform have to be explained in an easy to understand way
You should know about donors who bought your votes for the tax laws now in effect.
Says the guy who is TOTALLY controlled by donors. Chuck you are laughably
They just did!..all u do is complain. U haven't done anything for 16 years!
#MySimpleTaxPlan (start at bottom) is a great template for a fair net worth based tax system
Keep everything confusing and complicated. It's what liberals do. It gives you more power when nobody knows what's going on. Hell bound.
we want to know when we all get the same insurance plan as you have chuckie
The gall of your comment, you are appalling! Donors, its dinosaurs like you who invented taking $ from donors. How did you earn fortune?
Chuck. Please resign. You are not a team leader.
Where's your plan? You have been in charge for 8 years and NEVER did anything
exactly when in last 9 years did tax reform become Dem issue? That tells you real priority vs political spin.
Agree. As a constituent, Senator Schumer, you and @SenGillibrand need to step up and tell it like it is.
More lies. Obamacare will cost you in 2018 and obstructing tax cuts for the middle class will finish you off in 2020.
U mean 49% who dont pay any? Freeloaders
Haven’t heard anything better from the liberal anti jobs democrats.
Yea keep the money rolling to your account from your lobbies and donors
More bullsht from a Democrat  hater, socialist run their party, ag Catholics Jews evangelicals, worship liberalism not Gd
schimer we all know your pursuits
Schumer Shut up cry baby... You are so crooked.. You are part of the deep state..
Your voters don't pay taxes. How can they get a tax cut??
SEN SCHUMER AND DEMS HAVE #NoPlan   UNDER THEIR LEADERSHIP THE MIDDLE CLASS GOT SQUASHED
Why do you ALWAYS have to be so negative. It makes us AMERICANS sick. You could careless   about MIDDLE AMERICA you just want to resist.
Look Chuck. We honestly don't care about giving tax breaks to big business. We CARE ABOUT OURSELVES. We want and NEED a break. I work 3 jobs

Tax Wall St. like Bernie suggested. We are sick of this decades old merry-go-round.
And you sir only sit there trying to raise our taxes. Every year you want more and more from us.
You didn't do anything about it when you were in charge.
Sen Schumer. You have a golden opportunity to make history by helping our  Dems to get on board w/ this Tax Plan. No plan is 100% but this..
... might be closer than others.  Please help Pres Trump. If you think something can be tweaked, talk with him. I trust you to work it out..
.. for, We the People!  I'm trusting you!!!
And what pressure are ur donors putting on u chucky? Bet u dont want to see the well go dry!
oh, by mainstream U mean Democrat ?
No we mean people earning less than 250k a year.
Like U do Chuck. CUT gov spending by 8% and let see how fast the budget lowers.
More rhetoric from Chuck. Tell us what you stand for and include some details. If you're going to oppose then tell us your plan.
Democrats have proven they have no clue about fiscal responsibility
When are you aholes gonna work for the good of the whole? People are fed up! Giant co's pay zero taxes! You're breaking our backs!
Those giant companies pay a lot of salaries that are taxed. Drive them out then what do you have?
Let's discuss campaign reform and donation caps, Chuck. The wealthy are dictating US policy. We pay you to work for us, not campaign funds.
Tax cuts now can't help millions w/o food & water in Puerto Rico, make gov't HELP PR NOW, they can't wait on tRump-ppl will die
He sent in Fema and a1first responded wake up
I bet you applaud every time HE tells us what an amazing job he's done...,(plz stop watching FOX), God help you
I don't watch TV

That's the plan.  What's the matter.  Afraid your donors won't like it?
I'm a NY resident. The LAST person I'd believe on tax reform is you Sir.
So sick of this same old damn story. This always ends up hurting the economy. Close those damn corporate loopholes! Cut off their subsidies!
Sure drive them out of the country with huge tax increases along with all the jobs they create, salaries they pay which are taxed. Smart
trump and republicans are greedy scammers, they all need to voted out
The Democrats too.
We demand tax cuts for those who work and create jobs! Democrats need not apply.
Why are Democrats not requesting Trump's tax returns first? TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS BEFORE ANYTHING PASSED!
Because they have no right to them
You are so far off time to retire.
#ShowUsYourTaxes DJT before any tax reform!
