Just shut up!  Continued violation of immigration laws it PROBLEM made by Congress.  DACA gives head of line privilege for illegals. #NoDACA
These are kids that had NO choice in where their parents brought them.  They should be allowed to be citizens.  Period.
#DeportThemAll now that Dreamer is taken, what do you call tomorrows illegal alien? #DeportThemAll #NoDACA
What harm are these kids doing to you?  They hold jobs, have no criminal records, pay taxes, and aren't able to get any social services.
They hold other people's jobs. They have been receiving free social and medical services up until the age of 18 courtesy of US tax payers.
What other people's jobs?  I don't complain if someone gets a job over me, I look for another one. Jobs are not delegated to one race.
There aren't enough jobs for everyone. Have you heard of the Unemployment rate.
Oh how quickly YOU FORGOT!!!
CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
https://twitter.com/speakfreelysm/status/905237200077553664 …. Here is another to refresh your memory.
!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your the brainless along with all you idiot libs we have too many ILLEGALS who are trying to take over and ruin our country
Rather than insult @realDonaldTrump why not reach out & pledge to find a bipartisan solution, first for #DACA kids then for broader reform?
Umm, that would require dealing with a sincere, rational person, rather than a sociopath & that Congress actually represents the US people.
You're stupid hashtag explains it all. U would rather "resist" than get something done, but then sit & complain that it didn't get done
Bwahaha!! Says a "Proud Supporter of Hillary for Prison"  If you think Trump or Congress work for you, you're dumber than that statement!
But at least I'm willing to try and let the system work without "resisting" just for the sake of breaking out my Che shirt and baseball bat
Dude, wake up! There's nothing to work with here.. this is a blitzkrieg on America, a blatant assault on the many in favor of the few.
I'm awake. #DACA is worthless. Let "dreamers" hang in limbo so they could work 4 temp agencies without benefits
All the while letting criminals blend in. Passing meaningful legislation is the way to go.

Then they should have become U.S. citizens
Chuck: what does illegal mean to you or are you just trying to ruin the nation.  Do you want to go down in history as someone like Hillary
Liar in Chief doesn't value families staying together! Otherwise, why would he change wives like changing his socks? He's insane & hateful
NO YOU ARE!DON
You had a democratic president for 8years the problems you are griping about now were problems then ???
You are the problem! 
Term limits, if you aren't sure if we need them just look st this guy!


Glad to see you're concerned about big business losing cheap labor. Now they'll have to pay decent wages to American citizens.
Illegals should have been sent back the day they arrived but Obama wanted open borders to finish destroying America SEND THEM BACK
BRAINLESS
upholding the laws is what your job should be not talking bullshit to drum up votes
Do YOUR job Chuck!
Tell that to the republicans with majorities in both houses.
Actually Barbara, I have!
You are heartless and stupid. We give you a great job and you let illegal aliens take our jobs, get great benefits and we get zilch.
Chuck are you acting naive or are you really stupid? It's in congress hands, they need to do their job!
You're blocked.
YOUR NUTS!
The real heartlessness was unconstitutionally giving them false hope that they were legally allowed to stay!!
I feel bad for theses Dreamers, but they were promised something that legally we can't deliver. Hope Congress can get their act together.
How about Biz hiring legals then?  Geezus! Talk about "brainless."

Aren't you belittling those people?  You're saying they'll take the low paying jobs that Americans won't do!!  Our Americ dreamers need jobs
We must think of Americans first... No more free whole family admittance.. If these stay, it doesn't mean whole families can come in.
Chuck Schumer, why don't you take them in and take care of them. And please keep your hands off. The people's money
There are Americans that need jobs data was done by Obama it was against the law let them be here the legal way n learn English
Daca sorry typo. If people want to come to America or stay here they need to do it the legal way
Oh shut upchuck !
Please tell me what felonies US citizens can commit without consequences. Or do we just grant that privilege to non-citizens?
How about some of these buisness hire American citizens
https://www.facebook.com/WomenForTrumpMovement2/videos/506636966337937/ …
https://www.facebook.com/buzz.kennedy.9/posts/10211757140017860 …
Not if you do your job and provide for them by law
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office

Keep the Democrat machine primed to pump out the illegal votes for unearned power and ill gotten gains Chucky! You go girl
....and votes, Chuck you forgot votes. Get to real work you puppet!!!
You are part of the problem with our Government, do your job and follow our laws...
There is a big difference between executive orders and laws..someone could have thought about this day many years..so now you wanna blame???
We all know Daca was an illegal executive order put out by BHO..if you libtards are ok with illegal executive orders that let Trump know..
Well Chucky ..too bad you ppl couldn't get it done@when you had the power.BHO loved executive orders.if you're ok with that let Trump know..
Biz loose employees???? Are you kidding me. I'm sure there are thousands of Americans that can and will take their places. Gimme a break!!!
They should have applied for citizenship. What have 5hey been doing.
And the Democraps won't have as many voters next fall.  YES!
Chuckie u with your rainbow whistle was brainless
You & also you:

and the divide will get deeper
American kids come first. We're tired of paying for immigrants. Worry more about Americans then you do illegal immigrants. Follow the law
@POTUS wants to deport #Dreamers so Mexico will pay for the wall to keep the them out.  Heartless & evil.  Can we #ImpeachTrump PLEASE!
Why don't you tell the truth President is putting pressure on do-nothing Congress to actually do something you failed to do over last 8 yrs.
Crooked Schumer -- An American Fraud
He's not ending it. He's telling Congress to make it legal. Stop pushing a false narrative, Chuck
You hypocrite.
You don't get it!
Oh well, should've been born to legal parents.
What's next? 

Reviving Osama Bin Laden?
DACA was a temporary solution to CONGRESS not doing the job on immigratiom. Do your job and make all those dreams come true
Should have stopped it with obama now it's a mess ....
You act like Trump took it away!! It expired and that forces YOU to do your job!! Stop whining and fix it!!
Let's see if Congress can finally do a better job! Get economic facts out to voters. They need solid facts to pressure Congress.
DACA was not legal. You were wrong to support this for families. YOU Fix it now for OR RETIRE!
I believe DACA should be stopped. Stop playing politics of this and work towards a final solution
Start with Mar-A-Lago
DACA is against the Constitution, protects illegals, families can all leave not stopping them, open jobs up to citizens.
The brainless is you. Wake up and help the legal Americans to get jobs! Send back the illegal people no matter how young or old.
Pass a comp immigration reform bill and move on to a new conversation.
Than why didn't you fix it legally when you had the chance?  You're not. You're not fooling anyone.
no it forces you to do your job and legislate. GET TO WORK!
Dems are heartless! These kids need to be sent back to their parents. Why do you keep splitting families apart?
The thing that is heartless and brainless is you Chuck Schumer. Aka Obtructionist and   video maker,tax money waster.
Pursuing the end of DACA is nothing less than terrorizing children for working hard. What does this say about US? America is being cheapened
For an economy that needs to add 22 million workers above the natural birth pool, Trump's decision to revoked DACA is counter-productive.
But,there you are yucking it up with your bestie,Trump in the Oval Office.That picture spoke volumes! You stand against him only in theory?
Then do your job..earn your pay check.. You done nothing.. If you were in a business you would have been fired long ago 9+mos of not working
Your ad hominem attack on our president is beneath your dignity, Senator.
Congresses inability to act is a compounding factor.  Yes @realDonaldTrump is heartless but except for Russia congress has shown no muscle
I'll leave this here oh hypocrite extraordinare.
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
He lives for drama and attention! Just wants good ratings.
If Congress would've done it's job & created immigration reform, it would not be a issue. Maybe start getting things done for once.
Dayum.... I though Mr "Wild" was dead to politics! Lol
Was it not heartless that democrats were in total power of congress and did nothing or just politics!
Why did Obama say DACA was never intended to be permanent? Fix immigration instead of talking about it on Twitter. Get to work Chuck!!!
do you really think #Trump gives a rat's ass?  It's all about his agenda of undoing #Obama acts and his hard on for Mexico
Stop being a crybaby and this was Obama's bandaid.
It's because he has no heart nor brain.
Why is that Shuster? Cause you don't do your job? Write and present to Congress a law,it's that simple,stop grandstanding!
If Kris Kobach has his way, families won't be ripped apart bc he says "deport the whole family".  What a vile pig!!
Families are ripped apart everyday when parents break the law & go to prison.
We got to work on this. This is not healthy for these people and America. America is looking bad.
Yeah but the biz will replace those employees with American workers, so nbd
We ALL watched &listened to video ,2010. #hypocrisy
Don't bother to give. b.s. reason for it. We all know u do anything for votes! #lies
@SenSchumer again if you all disagree so much and think this train is out of control you are the only ones to stop it. Tweeting is fine..but
Why don't you Congressmen and Senators quit fighting among yourselfs and FIX IT!  Should have been done long ago.
Well now you have the chance to make it into law. So stop complaining and work to make Daca legal. Thank you
No govt handouts, no citizenship until they go through the process as by our laws for those here.THEN END THE PROGRAM! NO MORE!
I know you might have to be actually WORK with others to accomplish saving those illegal dreamers hete now but use your brain n just maybe.
If you cared so much why didn't you have Obama push for a law for illegal DACA.  Do something. You hv 6 months to remedy this. Quit whining!
Borders shmorders im from guam the only papers i have is for smoking doo doo stixks
STATE ATTORNEY GENERALS SUE FACEBOOK FOR THE RUSSIAN ADS AND WHEN AND WHERE PLACED AND WHO TARGETED LIKE EVANGELICALS!
You and Muslim Obama did it. You broke the law by allowing an illegal executive order allowing illegals. You're responible Muslim lover
Plus the DACA's paid a lot more tax than Crazypants!
Wrong again. IRS pd  2billion last yr to ILLEGAL aliens, & now find out they were fraudulent! think any schools could have used that $
Well you & your brainless Dimms and Obama need to take responsibility for an exec order, which violated our Constitution. Trump is doing it.
And all the #training & #education  we invested in these nominally illegal #citizens  will be gladly welcomed outsideUSA
You are so sad Chuck it is the job of congress to pass laws not the President. How did you get elected and why do we have to pay you
@SenSchumer your ability to say whatever suits you at the moment is uncanny. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=467591136946023&id=218472611857878 …
You are pandering to Hispanic voters  but not all Hispanics see DACA the way you do. I don't.
Work with him. Build the wall and keep the "dreamers" in.
We spent resources raising and teaching the dreamers we should benefit from their productivity. BUILD THE WALL!
Perhaps those jobs can be made available to American kids. This is not a bad thing.
We are all humans until race disconnected us, religion separated us, politics divided us, and wealth classified
How many damn x's I have 2 say US  HIStory repeats slaves were torn a part 1885-1995! Jim Crow lockup 2 now 2.3mil blacks torn apart!!!
And it's not just heartless and brainless, it has #PutinsPlan / #Hitler2017 written all over it!

#ImpeachThePsychopath
Start working for the millions of Americans  that don't have a health care provider
Here is a quote from Obama "That's not how democracy works" laws are made by Congress.....
He made a mockery of you, and you don't even realize it.
Legislation not insults. Thanks.
I just hope it doesn't make you cry again Chuckie. I just can't take that. But as compassionate as you are I just know it will. 
Americans n Texas have lost everything and you're harping on this dead end agenda??? Democrats do nothing but waste time money & divide
It was heartless and brainless because their president has no heart and no brain.
Dem Sen. Chuck Schumer called ending DACA “heartless” on Tuesday, but in 2009 he expressed a very different message on illegal immigration.
Open your eyes and notice that 90% of LEGAL immigrants voted for Trump and will do the same in 2020. And your ignorance is helping us,Thanks
You Democrats simply don't get it, and keep speaking about legal and illegal immigrants as if we are the same ...very offensive to us! #maga
And I am a LAWFUL immigrant who came here the right way, following the process, like many of us. And this is why we like and voted for Trump
Mr.Schumer, have you forgotten that WE ARE A COUNTRY OF LAW? It seems to you that following the law is optional and justified...really sad.
If these Daca adults (they are not children any longer) want to stay then Congress(not Trump)should do THEIR job and pass immigration reform
Trump is NOT separating families, the parents of the Dreamers did,when they decided they were above the law and come here ILLEGALLY. No way!
What? Sir, it's pathetic that you are a senator yet do not know the immigration laws of this country - passed by Congress , NOT Trump!#maga
I'm getting the violin out....Legal immigrants R like..What The F.....? Criminal's to the front of the line! WTF!
I passed7 homeless Americans on the way to work today.I have read what you have said for months, did I miss it,what are you doing for them?
He was willing to sign a law helping the Dreamers, then Schumer and his misanthropes, decided to start insulting him... VETO!!  Nice going!
Heartless and brainless? So, basically like everything else he does.
you care for hearts President cares for law and order w/constitution
Chucky quit whining get off your ass and make dreamers legal that is your damn job!You have been a Senator 19 years & haven't done it yet???
Did you forget there illegally here  should go back home parents them brought them here send them back
Brainless. Heartless.
You act like he's ripping babies from their mothers arms! So dramatic! What he said was Do Your Job and figure something out! You get 6 mos!
Do they care? They have theirs. Others have theirs to get.
Schumer you are the one that's brainless,yours has been fried!!!
Well, I'd have to take your word on the brainless part.  #leaveittotheexperts
Not one business following current US labor laws will lose an employee. Those breaking the law rightfully will.
Obama , , Demo's ,  were heartless  to illegals telling them Daca was legal just to get illegal votes [ which by the way was illegal ]
Trump should have to veto a bill, so everyone knows how heartless he really is.
Congress should put a bill thru that makes DACA recipients citizens, or a at least a shortened path to citizenship. Before DACA ends.
Well, why can't you pass a bill Charlie
Guess the Congress should do their jobs!  You folks make the laws. Remember?
Seriously Senator! Stop talking and do something productive, for once.
No! Enuff is enuff/It stops here & now/They should have thot abt that b4 they came here/Time 2 pay the piper/we've had enuff!
Your job to fix
It's Hilarious democrats love when democrat Presidents make unconstitutional laws and hate it when a GOP President follows the Constitution
Then better get your ass working on a Solution
You should be thankful the president gave you six months.  Now get busy and do your job or get out of office.  We are sick of do nothing
And decades later they fault all the single parent households for having dysfunctional children!Well,you created this society!
Chuckie is too stupid to understand he has 6 months to correct Obama's unconstitutional executive order. Schumer is an embarrassment.
8% approval rating Chuck.  Get your lazy ass in gear.
You, sir, are a demagogue, through and through.  A real jerk too.
Correct me if I'm wrong. Dreamers account for less than 1/4 of 1% of the population. Oh boy. Businesses will be shut down. Services will end
Mark 12:31 The second is this: 'Love your neighbor as yourself.' There is no commandment greater than these."
The dreamers should file to be citizens. My grandmother had a sponsor when she came back from Poland even though she was American born also.
Obama initiated DACA illegally, now Trump has to "fix" Obama's screw-up...........again!
Truth is Chuch worries about business not the breaking of the law or support of citizens
