President Trump wants veterans to get the best Healthcare . What have you done about veterans health care ? Nothing.!!!!
#drainingtheswamp
just stop already chuckles
#liars #fakenews #NoPCFACHISTS
You Democrats want everyone on big govt VA healthcare type system that has been proven to kill people, we want freedom from Government.
@POTUS has already improved the options for Vets. #fakenews
#RepealACA .....
How dare you even mention the vets after what you Dems did to us over the last eight years! Damn you all!
Everyone is calling you out on your hypocrisy re vets. And still you go on, not listening to a word from the people who vote.
So true. Looks like we need to vote even more of them out.
just more fake shit, Chuck!!!!
You and the DEMS ARE a broken promise the American people. Get a real gameplan together not just insults so sad!!
8 years of Obama and Vets have been disrespected beyond belief. You DEMS don't give a damn about Vets and lying won't work anymore! Resign!
Never heard Obama's justice dept questioned or doubted when investigating Obama administration scandals. REASON: DEMOCRATS ARE HYPOCRITES
Why you suddenly concerned about the Vets?? I know!!! Make America pretend you care and will work with the GOP so you get elected again! NOT
@SenSchumer is leading the swamp deeper, killing the @DNC and is responsible for more people signing up to vote #Republican @GOP
Senator, just look at all the damage created under your watch & now you care? Fony
Taking note U removed seniors&children from UR tweets b/c 100sofBsU taken from Medicare & Education.U can't refute.@AARP @usedgov @FoxNews
U failed and stole Billions to hide that fact and to fund this mess.  Please stop the negative rhetoric&help @FoxNews @NBC @ABC
You don't give a rats ass about our veterans.
What did Obama's terms do to help the Vet's?
???really after 8 years of doing nothing you are going to try to make this argument...sit down somewhere!!!
Senator you have been a part of this country's demise; time to step down & let people who care about this country take over
I'm tired of @SenSchumer not earning his government salary. All he does is spread #fakeNews He is harming the #DNC and America #ChuckSchumer
What's going to happen to the opiod addiction program? Big problem in red states & counties
Where is your "tears" when veterans died waiting for Govt VA Healthcare......hypocrite !!!!!! YOU LIE!!!!!!!!
Vets should be exempt from any healthcare. They must be provided for by themselves. We all owe our vets that much, no matter what the cost
Typical wave the flag and then screw the Vets. Thank you Obama and Biden for taking action for our vets .
Senator, you've done nada,nil,zip for vets....you have zero credibility on this matter....or any other!
You really don't have a clue do you Chuck ?
@POTUS promised to take care of our VETS & give them more access to healthcare and faster, he will keep his promise no worries, stop the lie
Your administration is why we have the problem we have today you and Obama could care less to our military that's why vets have the problem
Letting vets go to a doc of choice and VA pays the bill - if we can't get in to VA in timely manner
Maybe he should consider the option you sat with him and discussed. Oh! You didn't. You just obstruct. Helpful for the people. Do ur job.
Senator under O-care the vets have been neglected for 8 yrs +.YOU & your party did nothing about it when you could. Rep will bring imprvmnt
Why not make your own bill to support the Vets instead of waiting for someone else do the work that ppl elected you to do Stop Grandstanding
And what did Denigrates do while Veterans were dying waiting for care?
why don't you help get it right then?
I am pretty sure your again twisting things around and dreading more fake news
Is this a joke? Dems did nothing for over 8 yrs to improve vet care.  Stop you politics and start working with Reps to get it done.
You guys really took great care of vets when you were in charge.
They have more options by being able to go outside the VA to seek covered healthcare!
What happened to the eight years of Obama? Why wasn't anything done then for veterans?
I understand there are many unexplored benefits in the vets manual. Can it be written to be more user friendly?
Why don't you get rid of the groups that Congress and Obama enacted. This is a breach of contract for all Vietnam era veterans .
Well there you go again. Liars always lie.
Trumpcare isn't even Trumpcare yet- far from it.  Be part of the solution- not part of the problem!
Ya you Democrats really help us Veterans! What a clown Schumer is.
Keep sharing 45's tweets and words to remind voters what he promised.  Keep his feet to the  and maybe adopt a GoP district to help them 
Pre existing conditions premium $141,000 how is that affordable for veterans?
Know what a broken promise was...letting Vet's die on waiting lists and giving bonuses to their killers. Didn't see any tweets about that!
You mean those folks with no cell towers that HRC is so "fond" of?

Nope, haven't noticed on republican side, but noticed the loony liberals have plenty of money for everyone except Americans!
You expected more from a person with a broken sense of reality?
Since when did you start caring about anything but illegal aliens? Obstructionist
Good point
Be careful what you wish for. That could be an invitation to privatize VA.
not FEWER.
Trump care and the VA are 2 different entities.
Another lie from UpChuck. #FakePolitician
Then provide a solution. You've been there long enough. Get it done and quit crying. #SemperFi
Read the Hastert Rule.
It's disgusting our men n women being exploited bybPorus n GOP admin. They deserve the dignity n all the benefits. Evil Empire is now the US
Maybe I'm confused...isn't the #AHCA bill with the #Senate now to improve and make it into the final form which will benefit all?
How do you sleep at night Chuck Schumer?
so why didn't the original ACA do that-you, Nancy & Harry had another year or so after passage to fix this disaster @POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan
Dems don't want a fix. Just a path to power over individuals. The think we can decide for ourselves and want dependency on Dempower.
.... Quit firing up your base with lies. 
Contrary to  what you think Democrats are not that stupid. 
Independence are even smarter.
Are you a veteran fool? Your only war is a war of mouth. We don't like you and we love our Commander in Chief
smoke and mirrors!  #veterans have been on the back burner 4 30+yrs @GOP is killing kids elderly veterans &wth sick #sad
Vets get TriCare and can opt for TriCare Prime - as usual, you are WRONG!
@realDonaldTrump @GOP #TrumpCare stiffs #veterans @MilTribe #milfams
@votevets @iava @PVA1946 #DAV #VFW
While spending Millions @ Mar-a-Lago
2013. U blocked all funds going to veterans, your reason " Because we have a tea party now "
President Trump is at least attempting to get past he red tape politicians like you put up to block actual progress in draining the swamp
The only thing the GOP likes about vets is making them
this is not about broken promises, trump is compromising our democracy.  Do your job, get him out of office.  Control the senate. Save us
enough of your bull vets died for lack of care under your watch . just as you failed on delivering the UN  vote with obama for Israel ,
trump LIED &or told half truths on almost EVERYTHING! He cant be trusted! Work on that IMPEACHMENT! Hes a danger to all of us! #impeachtrump
Name what President Trump lied about?
Is broken promises contagious in DC? U can keep ur Dr. & urs, I represent NYers. All we have seen u represent is Chuck Schumer. Delphi
How long is the charade going to continue? Trump is a mentally ill crook (russia).  He lies, cheats, steals (felon). GOPs running amok
All the sudden you care about Veterans?
#sureyoudo
LOL.  You don't give a shit about rural voters or veterans.  You will never get their votes again #Trump2020
He needs that extra money for his boyfriend Vlad's birthday gifts. Please keep pushing for those investigations #impeachthecheeto
Does the FBI have to announce evidence to you? Both Yates and Clapper alluded to ongoing investigations yesterday.
I was just a private. Maybe if i had had a chance I could have been in a position to help you now but noooooooo
Really Chuckie because @realDonaldTrump extended healthcare for Vets They can even go to their local CVS these days or are you denying that?
Answer @brianknewhouse question and/or admit the failure you are.
they were supposed to protect us from traitor comey. how about me? I did my damned duty and you sold me out anyway
Stop pretending you care about veterans
Exactly when have you ever cared about Vets Chucky
