Lol

https://youtu.be/MOUGPqtxZSc 
They don’t care Schumer, all they want is to destroy every advance Obama did, not matter if this decision is bad for us.
Obama didn't make any advance he just gave everything away he could and real Americans are paying for it!
Get educated... poor you.
You are saluting in Spanish putting USA workers out of work. You really are a @##@#@# you know?
That’s good Chuck. When the slime of the Democratic Party comes to light, you start babbling in Spanish.
Chuck can you use the English lang. when talking to Americans?
He can, and he's fluent in more than one language. What about you? By the way we're not the only americas.
#votechuckout
ENGLISH
IN AMERICA WE SPEAK ENGLISH. CHUCK THE SCHUMACHER OUT OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Oh lord
You have a huge problem here with bots and paid trolls, @Twitter should be more serious about this. Check profiles, some aren’t even from US
They are actually Russians.
Celebrating Hispanic month I see
Gracias
Ladies and gentlemen here is @SenSchumer the senator of United States of Latin America! #Congress @realDonaldTrump 
ENGLISH is the language spoken in this country!
Once again ur pandering of r Latino brothers will not keep u in ur cushy office tax paying citizens will remove u & ur dem pack in 2018
We are in America. English!!
are we not in American, is this not an ENGLISH speaking country
Huh?  Speak English, this is America.
Chucky pandering again....FAKE SCIENCE, just like the picante sauce made in New York City. FAKE SCIENCE, FAKE DATA, FAKE NARRATIVE.
Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall.
Sorry chuck I speak English because I live in the US where the primary language is English. Stop pandering to the illegal Mexicans
Now chuck you know part of becoming a legal immigrant you have to speak read and write in English language! So who are you tweeting to!
Go to Mexico you won't have to spend so much time ruining a country.
Such a pandering hack
Google translate is okay.  Let's get serious and reform immigration asap!!
We live in america where english is the national language.
Did you type this? Or did one of your minions? You barely know English.
Ching está hablando a su caché secreto de votantes. Es el payaso número uno del pantano.
Todo que tu dices son mentiras



Please read go fund me page i need help
Obviously one of your interns writes your tweets.
right like you can speak the language, right chuckeee
Well said. Let's go! Muy bien hecho.
#fakenews
Who translated this for you? One of the DACA illegals?
@SenSchumer



If your going to speak to the Spanish speaking people try telling the truth
He is telling the truth.
Spanish--but I think this has to do with the Trump desire to roll back our environmental protections!  Weather has taken taken strong turn.
He's talking about environmental protections for all-especially our children. Trumps desire to roll back rulings.
Now, if U could just lower your emissions, work with opposition party & get some work done. Your stubbornness on Obamacare is as if you won!
LMAO....Latinos know your Yankee ass can’t speak Spanish!!
?? @SenSchumer.  Oh, I just noticed and clicked on the translator link.  LOL!
Chuck who do you work for? Americans? Non-Americans?
Yes I know we all know Chuck works for the Non-Americans
Translation:
I wear my wifes panties and I wear a tie to pull my head out of my a$$.
You can't speak English. Get out and move there
Not really.

Quit pretending you know Spanish
How would you know?
Omg where do you live !! Really
Wow you never cease to amaze me with the illegals always protecting them instead of the people who pay your salary and are citizens of USA
"Energía limpia" todavía está en su infancia - Demasiado caro. No engañe a la gente
Who you think your lying to yourself.
Screw you chucky Mark ohio

this is America speak english or retire
