Kids.....kids.....kids.
When it comes to using kids as political pawns the DemocRats are #1.
Comrad bird dog,you must not have kids that need to breath, what does that make you? What kind of freak doesn't care about pollution.
(GERD), a condition in which stomach acids back up into your throat.
tearing chuck is now known as bs tearingchuck.  More allergans in the ct air from greenhouse & nursery products than power.
Not to mention adults ...respiratory diseases such as Asthma and COPD are the 3rd leading cause of death in America  (CDC, 2017)
Respiratory infections, such as the common cold
Physical activity (exercise-induced asthma)
Cold air, Certain medications, including beta
Thank you both for not letti g this drop.  I gave asthma and I have children and 2 young grandchildren who need a clean/safe earth!
as it pertains to asthma.
Chuchy is now a fortune teller. It’s impossible to prove that something won’t happen in the future.  AND...
As someone that was a kid with Asthma, I definitely can relate to this.
Clean energy uses coal, fossil fuel, to make. Enslaved minds believe what is being told.
I thought we were killing all the kids, or deporting them? Taking away water and air.. you know "policy".
Why the sudden concern re asthma?
U have no shame will use r children to satisfy ur lobbyists $$$ to u ur greed is obvious America this pandering political hack is full of BS
When is Congress going to stand up to Trump for all the crap he’s doing to this country. Republicans and Democrats need to stop destruction.
My daughter's 26 year old friend just died from an asthma attack on Friday.  #CleanPowerPlan #CleanPowerPlan
My condolences to your daughter, her friend's family and other loving friends.  (my paternal grandmother died of asthma)
Thank you
If business giants refuse to go green, we will just boycott #gogreenorlosegreen
Already trying to do that, but we ALL need to!
HAY #CleanPowerPlan https://twitter.com/radarlove777/status/892809376741896199 … YOU WANT TO STOP THIS THAT WOULD HELP OUR #HEALTH STOP POLLUTING #AIR  4 #climatechange
#aluminum #barium #strotium #aerosols + all #neurotoxins ! 
Clean Power: FYI clean energy uses coal, fossil fuels to make. I bet the minions don't know that!
little early to pull out the "children card" isn't chuck?  What's next, its racist a war on women & hinders the poor disproportianrly
Bet ol' Chuckles got this from CNN or MSNBC!!
Mr @realDonaldTrump now you confusing me. You have kids. Your kids have kids. Why you wanna put them in danger? 
@Trevornoah @thedailyshow
Do the math Chuck, for cost of clean power plan there are other ways to protect these children. Use a little common sense!
to some types of foods and beverages, including shrimp, dried fruit, processed potatoes, beer and wine, Gastroesophageal reflux disease
blockers, aspirin, ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin IB, others) and naproxen (Aleve)
Strong emotions and stress, Sulfites and preservatives added
There are also MANY more triggers to asthma, such as pollen, dust mites, mold spores, pet dander or particles of cockroach waste AND
Furthermore, there is no evidence that any of the rules imposed under the authority of the Clean Air Act (CAA) have even “bent the curve”
What will happen to our children
Our world look at it think fact check
Are you and your buddy Weinstein going to pay for this expensive form of power, I thought not?
The only time you don't use 'kids' is when your talking about abortion
What a bunch of bs. We need jobs! Go overseas a seehow they pollute indiscriminately. The US can’t solve all the worlds problems.
The Senate must require the present EPA Chief to breath Coal factory produced air in his office. Let's see how long it takes to be ill.
Then do something about these wild fires in California !
There needs to be legislation to stop these fires !
Chucky is bringing this new horrible Democratic Party down, but not before he gets all the wealth he can from the poor.
Pure made up bullshit from the Chief Democrat Bullshitter, Chucky and Weinstein.
My daughter & I both have asthma & we are adults! So what is Congress going to do about this travesty to environment?
Make America Gasp Again. It just needs a catchy hashtag...

How can the quote will prevent 90,000 asthma attacks? Dust is #1 contributor. What study pulled 90,000 out of the rabbits hat. Get it right
Wind turbines wear out long before they earn what it cost to build them! + batteries to store the energy are made toxic chemicals .....! 2/2
I support clean energies but the tech isn't there yet! Solar panels made out of chemicals that have more toxic byproduct than fosil fuel!1/1
@CleanPowerPlan is just another liberal era crooked capitalism regulation that kills American jobs & fills up corporate pockets.
China is building soccer field size solar panels. Our president wants to burn more coal.
Oh Chucky yep for the kids what a guy
Trump is rolling back because it's an Obama initiative!  He gets his marching orders from Bannon & Mercers. Trump's clueless abt details TPP
If Obama was for it, it was no good for Americans.
air pollution has no effect on asthma you need to check out @JunkScience before you spout off on things you know nothing about
Stop the BS
Glad to hear what they support,  but since you don't support any of the President agenda he's not going to support yours
#wecantbreath
Each state can do whatever necessary to ensure clean air, regardless of what the Fed does. No big deal.
Same page out of the same old play book. It’s about the children!!!! Problem is Chucky, most Americans know you’re full of shiiit
CHUCK, TELL THE TRUTH! You're afraid that another SLUSH fund will dry up. BALANCE THE BUDGET!!!
how the hell can anyone with any intellectual honesty throw out this statistic with a straight face?
U might get better results if you get DAIRY off the recommended "healthy plate".
Dairy promotes asthma, seasonal allergies & chronic disease
Why do we need an actual "plan" ~ Americans know how to go green without Washington pointing the way
Do you libs really believe that every decision Trump and staff make is bad? Schumer + Pelosi don't, but they want you to.
and prevent how many jobs ole chuckee? how many jobs get shot down. come on ole chuckee tell us
Now the Dems want to kill all wild life and cows, pigs, chickens, and people who pass gas as they are destroying the world with the farts
He will not help improve anything for us, the people. He wants Trump to fail so votes go to Democrats. He is the enemy.
Of course Schumer opposes this. Have you libs noticed he is simply opposing everything to make Trump look bad?
Where is the cure for ASTHMA? Dems would rather spend money on fake stuff like the  #CleanPowerPlan than find a cure. More $ in there pocket
https://www.gofundme.com/get-trump-and-crew-out-of-wash?pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-150765882784-8751391557584add … via @gofundme
These ChemTrail pollutants are awful yet nobody complains. Because of PC on climate chang! What a crock of BULLSHIT.
No proof it would do anything. Schumer should shut his pie hole maybe saving all that hot air would prevent 1000’s of asthma attacks.
Show me the FACES!
In 100 Years take our air up schumers Lie's
Full time job > asthma attack. Trump makes the tough decisions that need to be made
Because it puts $ in their pockets, and yours chuck.
Jack I don't think anybody's listening to you anymore
Yes, But Chuck why not go about it legally and constitutionally?
Burning coal doesn’t cause asthma attacks— you’re a moron Chuck. Asthma attacks occur due to an allergic reaction.. not burning coal
@realDonaldTrump is not about doing anything good for this country.  He is about doing what enriches him.  If that means dead kids, so be it
Agree. He's made that clear.
We know who liddle bob corker is an we know a prez cAnt spell
When big oil raises concerns about shady @EPAScottPruitt's war on the environment, maybe listen @GOP?
Even big oil has raised the alarm about @EPAScottPruitt irresponsible and ruthless policies.
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/08/big-oil-wants-trump-to-slow-regulation-rollback.html …
Trump a ass support child healthcare
@SenShumer  Type in all language not just 2 what dick head. Not that smart. It shows bias & how stupid you really are. DILLY DILLY.
With Trump in office none of that is possible. Stop teasing us.
You can't afford this green power that Schumer and his lobbyist friends want to force on us.
KEEP THE CLEAN POWERS PLAN . TYPICAL OF TRUMP TO CAUSE MORE DAMAGE AND CHAOS.  PRUITT NEED TO REVISIT THE EPA'S MISSION STATMENT.
Should have said "white men" instead of "kids." This crew doesn't seem to give a shit about anyone but themselves.
Then why are you setting a poor example with fuel powered planes trips, car trips and a non solar power home? Ok for others just not you
Can we just start programs with like-minded states and just leave out the states that keep us down?  Can I help with that???
I'm guessing no, b/c for all their (The GOP) talk of states rights that /only/ matters if it is rights that they want
SENATOR WHAT IS LIFE IF ALL ARE NOT RESPECTED! AND ALL ARE GIVEN AN EQUAL PART TO CHERISH AND ENJOY ;AS THE COMMON PERSON!

As long as Fossil fuel is paying off @ScottPruittOK he could care less about any child Look how he scams tax payers daily
How about us folks with COPD? you guys can't let the EPA get away with this!
they don't care
Nice picture of you and Harvey Weinstein- disgusting!!!
Since when has Mr. No been concerned with our children's healthcare. Try reading ACA!
I grew up an asthmatic kid, who lived near the Astoria/Ravenswood Power Plant, so I can relate.
