Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
US overproduction not Canada is the problem. Canadians opinion of US at all time low, many cancelled visits to US. Impacts NY.@SecretaryRoss
Join your fight?  You have been there forever and done nothing!!! Now you want to share Trump's victory!  Deplorable.
Renegotiate nafta,a Democrat deal remember clintons great deal.
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
POTUS gets it DONE.  He doesn’t SAY he is.  It isn’t your fight when you have zero progress.
Farmers get rich off of US Subsidies.  I don't see milk prices coming down.
@SenSchumer are you agreeing with POTUS? About time! Now build that wall.
Who pisses off Canada?He threatens EVERY country. Get King of Chaos out.DESTROYING this country especially decency & diplomacy. NOWARS!
You don't see @SenGillibrand on here supporting Trump. She is the _real_ NY Senator.
Y'all DO KNOW what a map looks like??? Wisconsin does NOT border Canada
You're letting us down Schumer.
Now that you are defunding EPA will anyone want our toxic products?
Now that your defunding EOA, will anyone want our toxic products?
Seriously?!?!
Sadly this could have been worked out but having Trump involved will cause the great Canadian Dairy Cow Invasion. Target Trump Golf Courses/
this constituent wonders what you're trying to prove by highlighting a minor agreement with a narcissist fascist
Hell just froze over!
You're all just pissed becuz we don't want any of your genetically modified milk bi-products & inferior cheese. #WeHaveTaste
I know ur a politician but how can u stoop to agree with this horrible horrible human being Support the farmers on ur own and f--k Trump
US has a surplus of milk cuz they give cows hormones that r bad for cows & people Canadian milk is better US should try hormone free market
The lack of a solid plan for Dairy in the US is the real cause
YOU ACCOMPLISHED NOTHING DEMOCRAP ALL WHINE
@realDonaldTrump your a damm liar! U and dictator bama did nothing to correct trade deficit! Never help USA in last 8 yrs
You are sounding as oblivious as trump on this dairy file. Research; then tweet. ps, Canada will win ANOTHER soft wood tribunal.
Do you remember how the US treated Can. during the Mad cow crisis. How about the tariffs we pay on items to the US. Relations building time
Since when do you care about any workers?
If U have been fighting against these Canadian Policies, Y haven't U accomplished anything?? Let @Potus show U how it's done!!!
@VP @MSNBC  @NancyPelosi  @realDonaldTrump 
Best to fight for change without harsh tweets.Peaceful.
Been fighting for NY dairy farmers on this. Glad to see @POTUS join our fight to change Canada's unfair policy that undercuts our farmers. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/856847826663460865 …
Our farmers are given too many subsides
@realDonaldTrump Guess he's not as bad as what you've been telling people RIGHT CHUCKY
More bullshit from Chuckie
Really.. pick your battles man!
Chuck. Again, even if you agree with carrot top. Keep it to YOURSELF!@SenSchumer
Work together and #Maga
You'll see a lot more u like out of him if u quit resisting him over everything he's trying to do.
What's next?
Can't have the Stanley Cup.
Stop it.
Please. Do you think he has any idea what he is talking about?
Stop.
Thank you Chuck for once standing by MY president
Stones & glass houses - cont'd...
But what have you accomplished? Nothing. #laughable
Chuckle stop trying to hook your caboose to everything Trump addresses
Shocker..Chuck's with Trump again.  Fire this clown.  Now..he loves Bovine Growth Hormone in milk.  @TheDemocrats @SenateDems
But does Trump have to be such a dick about it? A little diplomacy goes a long way.
Get your people to do some research @SenSchumer Even Wisconsin dairy farmers don't blame Canada
To be clear, the farmers in Wisconsin don’t blame Canada http://www.cbc.ca/news/thenational/what-s-fueling-dairy-trade-tensions-1.4081144 …
Maybe we should raise our rates per kilowatt for all the Hydro we sell NY state??
Why in hell would we want any dairy products from USA which r pumped full of rbgh?  U can drink or eat  it Schumer.
Don't you think his Twitter comments are a bit inappropriate though?This isn't how you work a problem, calling a world leader out on twitter
And how come your buddy obama didn't take care of this in the last 8 years. Hollow argument from you Schumer.
He will always work with you
Yes I agree #buycanadian  I shop at Home Hardware instead of Home Depot. Rarely shop at Walmart, support local shops.
I feel dirty when I go to Walmart. Ever checked out the hardware dept? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Big dairy cronies!  You've sold out American consumers.  How many tariffs before you call it what it is, taxation and wealth transfer!
The message gets lost in his (dt's) adversarial and confrontational style.
Wow Chuckie cheese agrees with Pres! Happy  days
Whoaaaaaaa!!! Agreement?!?? That's fantastic!!
Glad to see u say something positive about our POTUS.  There is hope
What?  Chucky Schumer approves of something POTUS is doing?  Incredible!!
It's about time you said something that makes sense Schumer
how about standing up to the press who are trying to make this sound bad.
Garbage. US farmers are subsidized to the hilt and you know it!
Does California count as a border state too? We both have borders on the Pacific Ocean. #potus may have taken geography at #trumpuniversity
By the way at graduations in W.N.Y where tired of you coming in to blow Gas and listen to the political problem the left will become a fad.
@POTUS Join your fight, Sen Schumer? Democrats sat on their hands on this issue. Trump will renegotiate NAFTA. Dems lose again!
#Milk!  More milk!  It's what's good for #US!
DON'T... just don't give this fraud leeway on anything. God we need to get rid of you and find leadership that will fight this bastard.
Here we go now democrats going take credit for something Trump does
No Schmuck, you join his fight.
Funny how Democrats can differentiate between different kinds of farmers but not legal and illegal immigrants.......
Joining you? It's one of the things he campaigned on....
Your milk is nearly a chemical soup that barely taste like milk.
Why is the fact that Canada prefers it's own milk and doesn't want American milk so hard to understand? They're just putting Canada first.
Exactly. If we are Anti-Globalism America First then why can't they be Canada First?
Words mean little to this man. What is Trump going to do? Write an EO?
Don't drink it. You don't need it after your weaned off of it as a baby
Mr Schumer. In 2016 USA dairy Exports to Canada $ 631M. Canada exports to USA $ 112M. .. how is Canada being unfair?
You are not fooling anyone Chucky, you care more about "illegal" Immigrants than Americans
Except that WI ISN'T a border state...
Bless you're heart
I suspect your fighting for NY dairy farmers consists of tweeting about your fighting for NY dairy farmers.
All for it but still want the wall
IKR? In this day and age the most pressing matter at hand is an influx of cheap Canadian milk. Surely our #1 priority, right?
Need fair trade, US dairymen should be able to sell milk into Canada
There's a better way to address this with our neighbors to the north.
Trump won on protectionist trade policies, how in the world can we get mad when other countries do it to us?
They are only doing what we are doing -Buy Canadian Hire Canadians! Trump set the stage for protectionism
now we eat crow for it!
I really wish you and your kind would stop being obstuctionist and work with our president.
Donald, I can't argue w/ the price of milk from my state of MN at $1.74/gal. R U going to make us WWC pay more just to rub your ego?
WOW    this made my day
So let's puss off our neighbors instead of working with diplomatic relations.
US Corp Farms have flooded mkt with MILK. US Farm Subsidies go to RICH CORP farms. US subsidizes agriculture more than Canada
You are like a duck, Chuck, we don't see the fight above the water but under the water we know you are furiously swinging away like a madman
Wisconsin isn't a border state...at least with Canada
Really Senator? U support 3rd grade bullying & raising building costs (lumber) 4 NYers over picking up phone & talking 2 @JustinTrudeau ?
You guys ever see that movie, Canadian Bacon? This is like that.
You should be convincing your dairy farmers to convert to plant based milk production.  It's the future.  Climate change is real
.And I thought that you were incapable of a positive thought
Wisconsin isn't on the border of the US and Canada...
This can't be the real Chuck agreeing with the President.  Your DNC Chair will be pissed.  May cuss you out.
I'm surprised you are backing milk. Since it's been classified as racist by members of your party for being white
@MPAVictoria told you Mitch
You never fail to fail, Chuck.
Nope, not true
@ddale8 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump holy shit get informed. Dairy isn't part of NAFTA cause it's has no effect.
Generally like you, but there's no reason for us to continue to subsidize dairy. Ecological disaster and generally unnecessary in diet
Isnt milk racist or something
I believe this leads to cheaper milk for us in and pricier shittier GMO milk for so knock yourselves out guys. #canadafirst
LOL, so it's only #RESIST until the pork comes oinking along, eh Chuckie? I don't mind but I think the pussy hats might.
I hope it is needless to say don't trust him.
I get that you have to politic, but don't normalize anything 45 says. That's not the way to talk to our closest ally.
Chuck I'm very disappoint in you.  Apparently your preference is to poison your state?
He may "say it" but will he "do it"?
Why were the unfair policy in place in the first place. U have been in Congress since the beginning of time.
Looks like those donations from Trump finally paid off.
US dairy farmers are subsidized. Remove the subsidy to level the playing field. This tariff is on ONE dairy derivative for cheese making.
you might have a point if dairy & lumber were actually in NAFTA. Please do your homework before endorsing fake news!
Except Wisconsin isn't a border state!!! He is a moron...
He attacks  because we do not have a nuclear bomb,we do not carry firearms,no death penalty! Land of the True North Strong and Free!
Great, I guess you won't require the hydro, water or gas they sell you!
If it takes Trump to step in and resolve this issue, then it would only be right for U to RESIGN. I would be embarrassed if I were you Sir.
Sorry but I see farmers Rextremely #rich w/government subsidies!We were told "bush era"food$had 2go up high gas$ but never went down was1.79
Ask yourself WHY is milk so expensive! It's not fair. Visit a farm & you'll see boats, top of line equip.when gas prices went down why is
#milk still 3.00$ & over use 2 B 1.79$ #why
poor families can't give their babies milk because of lies put out by farmers!I challenge anyone 2visit 1 & C their expensive lifestyle!

Glad to see you actually acknowledge POTUS
As a New Yorker, it saddens me to see you jump on the threaten Canada bandwagon.
U.S. dairy exports to Canada in 2016: US$631.6 million. Canadian dairy exports to the U.S. in 2016: $112.6 million.  Who's unfair?
What a compliment from chuckie Mr President r u shore about this chuckie a dem is with u Be careful he is a snake
Really? Exactly why does Canada have to allow US farmers access to our country?
Sir we don't ship any milk to US please get a few basic facts straight before u put foot in mouth again and again and again
maybe the answer is to treat our farmers they way that Canada treats theirs.  not go to war.
Absolutely love bipartisan compromise and focus
We have higher standards for our milk, sorry bro
Unfair? Because your dairy industry is overproducing for the market?
Not really seeing how Canada trying to protect their dairy industry taxing milk from us is undercutting our dairy industry.
Unfair?  Because you can be protectionist and "buy American" but lord forbid Canadians want the same with Canadian dairy?
It seems the American public understands trade better than you Chuck and Potus just read all the comments
Unfair?  Just because our dairy subsidies are better than your dairy subsidies?
why is milk so expensive
Hell, why r the American ppl just now hear about this?! U n Congress r too laid back & allow too much BS 2 go unattended on a daily basis!
Really your own dairy industry says its the US fault not canada.   DO YOUR HOMEWORK
The fact I have to agree with you hurts but not as much as what's happening to our farmers. It's a nice feeling when you play nice
@realDonaldTrump so you're saying you couldn't get that accomplished without president Trump?How many years are in office
Canadian here. Not ever going to consume milk with BGH or excessive antibiotics. Also, US has to look at their own overproduction practice.
So you want Americans to pay MORE!!! Thanks upChuck
This little trade war he's aiming for won't hep us much when Canada bites back over the energy they sell us.
Aren't you supposed to be, y'know... leading the resistance to this crypto-fascist kleptocratic wildly corrupt authoritarian regime?
Apparently neither of you understand (or read a previous tweet from me), there is a glut of dairy products in the US. Give it up.
Says the idiot that has done nothing but shoot off his divisive mouth & blocks @POTUS every chance he gets! Go away! #WakeupAmerica #MAGA
@POTUS is threatening to start a trade war with everyone we trade with, what do you expect from our trade partners?
Look at your own country's policies first please.
"Wisconsin alone has more milk cows than in all of Canada."
Sears Walmart Lowes Home Depot Saks Eddie Bauer Starbucks Crate and Barrel Staples Under Armour Michael Kors.Canada buying American daily
We are surprised by other countries following a nationalist agenda... free trade? Capitalism? America first? Canada first?
Do not work with Trump. You need to oppose him on EVERYTHING. If he do something you like... Ask him about Russia. Point out nepotism. Fight
Lest we forget. Sad!
I know you have the eternal impulse to find some crumb of common ground, but just stop it. He's not joining your fight, he's co-opting it.
Canada doesn't want "dirty" milk. Also, Canada has cows. Imagine that!
this is not a good look for a border state senator who should bloody well know better.
I'm not a dairy expert but isn't the demand for dairy dropping significantly and some farmers continue to receive govt subsidies to produce?
US subsidies, favoring production increase and surplus when Canada as quotas to control production based on internal demand. Which is best?
don"t encourage his neverending pettiness
Trump's about to trigger a trade war and you're celebrating him. Nice.
The only thing you've been fighting is the Republicans!
Dude, it's not unfair, we only sell fine filtered no hormone milk! Look at what's good for your people before blaming us!
Chuck. For fucks sake.
Then the USA can keep thier mad cow disease too! Keep fracking and distroy get their own farmers is faster.
Americans don't want your milk?  why should we take it?

This isn’t about “undercutting” US farmers. It’s about US farmers wanting access to Canadian markets. Be honest about it at least.
Really Chuck? Trade war via Twitter your thing now? 400 million dollar diary surplus with Canada, then there's this
Almond milk is better anyway
Nice to see YOU are working with @POTUS instead of continuing to obstruct him!
Maybe we should work with Canada to resolve our differences and also not legitimize the Orange Fascist, you traitor?
What have you accomplished so far, you know, before @potus joined "your fight"?
Now Schumer is starting to sound as childish and whiny as Trump.
If this dispute causes the price of poutine to go up then that's my red line.
