Hank Johnson(D)  Worries Guam Could "Capsize" After Marine Buildup? Chuck, you should join the Flat Earth Society for the ignorance display
Hopefully, the first structure to get flooded or blown away in a Cat 5 hurricane will be Mar-A-Lago.  #PoeticJustice
You Mr Schumer are either dangerously stupid or you are actively trying to destroy America. Either way it's pathetic!
we are tired of laughing at you guys re: "climate change". It puts you on exact same paradigm page as Ahmadinejad- hating capitalism
STILL selling Snake Oil?
I am confused!!!  Does these idiots marching buy Chinese products?  Isn't China the biggest polluter?  man up if you really care.
NO SUCH THING LYING CORRUPT DEMONcrat! You are ALL TOXIC & you all vote for toxins in the USA..our water, our food supply in the name of $$
climate change is a joke  u fraud. exists only to make Al Gore wealthy and redistribute wealth
That is Trump yiu all keep handing over the coin to Trump he is fleecing us blind and blinders on  and u refuse to open your eyes! So sad!
The climate changes naturally every 100,000 years. You can't stop it and it's not Trump's fault. Marching won't change nature.
20k years ago, glaciation. 20k years from now, another one? We may like that green house! Pls put things in scientific perspective! #MAGA
#ClimateScam #ClimateGate Check out @KlayVolk's Tweet:
#climatemarch @TedCruz Exposes The Deception Global Warmists Have Been Peddling 
God accurate Word says He will not flood the earth again; hence, debunks global warming!
AWESOME!!!
No you believe a man with no facts... Fools you all are...
What about the advertisement Trump tower manila and Ivanka Trump promoting her position at WH.

just............................stop.....................................it
Rising Property and school taxes devalued our homes , thanks dems
If these folks are still driving cars and flying they not working to change squat, especially the climate.

So will liberals.
But CALIFORNIA/DEMOCRATS raises taxes constantly like a rising tide but then say they're worried about businesses & the poor. LIES,LIES,LIES
http://www.dailywire.com/news/12572/proof-cnn-knows-climate-change-big-fat-hoax-john-nolte …  Why would CNN purchase worthless property if will soon be under water?
Chuck kow long do you do you think before we will have to hit high country
wasn't Miami supposed to b under water by now, ha ha??
You are a two time talking twit U so concerned about the climate yet say nothing when your liberals set cars on fire and pollute the streets
Gen.8:22-As long as the earth endures, seedtime+ harvest, cold+ heat, summer + winter, day+ night WILL NEVER CEASE! Climate change a FARCE!
Screw fake news climate change
No disrespect Chuck, but We're not listening to what you have to say bcuz you're liberal rhetoric & you speak fake news. MAGA
Yo....U realize more Americans were gunned down on their own soil, than climate change.  Right.
Worry about something useful,monies given to Palestine liberation org. 300 million taxpayers money a year, to a terrorist organization.
Stop wasting taxpayer money. Put your money toward climate change first.
Natural conference ,get over it ,nothing anyone can do about it. Check history.
Only morons think they can "combat climate change". The Earths climate condition has been changing, up & down, for thousands of years.
You mean Climate Hustle don't ya Chucky?
Really?
Did climate change do this?  Or BOTOX!  Are you polluting the environment?
Another liberal smoke screen to grab funds for nada.
Oh please, it's BS to line your pockets
Follow The Moneeeey.Lots n lots of Moneeeey.  BigbigbigPlayers. Corporations are the Globalists' governments. We R Screwed.Right Senator!?!?
We're tired of hearing liberal lies.  In the 1970s you said it was Global Cooling, then in the 1990s you said it was Global Warming.  BS BS
Have you told Al Gore his ocean side home is in danger? Maybe you can reach him on his privste jet.
Climate change is as real as Pelosi and Waters being beautiful women. Just a myth concocted by the LIBERAL media. FAKE NEWS.
Climate change causing your tears?
you're a wacko, no wonder you don't win elections, a non leader looser.
When all else fails #NowImForClimate.  I'm not a bully like trump, I have pics of waterfalls.  Try to find my niece in the swell;)
Is this like Al Gore said New York City would be under water by 2012? Biggest farce ever perpertrated on the American people, climate change
How about you tell your little puppets to clean up all the litter/mess they left after their "life changing" march.  Such hypocrisy!
S.F  L.A  N.Y AWE PHONY EQUITY CONFIDENCE ... YOU NEED TO BE HUMBLED ANYWAY...DEEP LEFT ARROGANCE
, Chucky you need to go to work for CNN you faker
Hopefully you are one of them
If you want to combat climate change the US is not the problem. Try China, India, and Russia who are major polluters!
There r other things more Important than climate change Hunger,crime work on  that
Yea! Chuck there is a warming trend in America!  That is why today April 30th
I need to wear a coat in Shreveport Louisiana.  Bull!
Climate change is one big hoax-has already been proven to be false!
So wrong very wrong you have been conned!
Wack job clown at it again. You wouldn't no science if it hit you in the face
What a bunch of crap!  How much $$$$ are you making off this phony agenda?
You and Al Gore smoking dope together, again?   Lay off the crack, Chuckie.  You're not good at lying.
Hello! It's the 70's calling. Yes. Is Miami underwater yet? What! Wait! It isn't? C'mon you're joking, right?
Missing that free money Chuck the Corrupt?
This has not been proven.More fake news! If Obama hadn't increased national debt, America may have funds 2 address climate change.Priorities
Do you realize it's almost May and it is snowing in parts of America?
combatting fascism & antisemitism the islamoNAZIs is the far better choice & winnable- U Dem dummies-can't fight Mother Nature !
A waste of time and money, America can't help global warming by itself, it is retarded to think we can make a difference
A waste of $. There is no man caused climate change. Climate change is caused by natural sun and ocean cycles. Stop the bullshit.
Dems & their dangerous polices will do us in way before climate change! MAGA!

What an absolute joke.
Together your voices make zero difference. #lunaticleft
Do you really think man has any control over the seas?
Bs
please resign now or retire  to old
Reality is we can combat climate change but not Trump sadly, what an a eye shore DJT is? #fakepresident
@bigkev308 Hey Chuck, the Blue States had better get their act together on stuff like increasing mortality or they can drown...
Gee Chucky liar Gore said that was suppose to happen 10 years ago! Of course in your politics it who you can dup. And not tell the truth too
When will you march against Muslim Female Genital Mutilation ? #climatemarch
Hey CHUCKIE! You're poking at the wrong bear! Trump ain't no spineless republican. This will not end well for you and the DEMs! #trumprally
Marxist U of Chicago. You've got to be kidding me. How long before communities are displaced? 1000 years?
PLEASE  LOOK  INTO  THIS  !!!
https://twitter.com/MarcusC22973194/status/844591780637085696 …
Of course the climate is changing--  it's called the seasons!
Lets work on Nancy's & Your Spines  . Not Playing
All bs.climate changes occurs cyclical for thousands of years. U can't change nature.The only problem on earth are mostly liberal democrats
Where has there been any lost of the sea shore????? Come on show us. LIES LIES LIES
Yes, let me rush to pay you $$$ so you can control the weather.  Give me a break. What a complete hoax
Learn Gods accurate Word. His promise after the flood is HE will not flood the earth again which is what would happen with global warming 
Your CRAZY Chuck climate change is a HOAX concocted by the Democrats to steal taxpayers money. Climate change is a BIG FAT LIE
You have to play the climate change game, Chuck, I know. But in your heart of hearts, you know it's horse poop, right?

Trump just called U a bad leader during PA rally. What R U going 2 do about this orange idiot? Russian investigations need 2 get on w/ it!
It's Communism, Chuckie
Watch our Mara-Lago - your turn will be here sooner than you think.
Don't let EPA scrub information about climate change from the website. Dictatorships try to erase truth to replace it with lies. Plese help.
CLIMATE CHANGE IS A HUGH TAX ON THE LITTLE PEOPLE TO GIVE TO RICH LIBERAL ELITES,
#ArticlesofImpeachment
sure the coastal elites r concerned.................lol, Move to Al Gore's neighborhood
Other Environmental Effects like pollution have been brought under control in US. Definitely Less of an issue here requiring little effort!
Carbon Climate Effects real; however, not as important as other science supported Environmental Effects like Liquid Carbon at 167 km depth!
YOU are full of climate bullshit
Total hoax
If yhe seas are rising Senator, why did  AL Gore buy a home 9 ft above sea level? Bc the "inconvenient thruth" is climate change is a fraud
Oooo. I bet Al Gore is scared. Dufus
Al Gore sure is thankful that fools believe this bull.  Biggest sham of this century. True data shows that weather is cyclic.
You're welcome Mr Schumer! We appreciate your work against the little Donald
Weather change is a hoax
Disbelievers, why are you going against your own self interest? Your health, livelihood, & future depends on the health of your environment.
The human population is exponentially increasing in a planet of finite resources. The basic concept of supply and demand applies in nature.
It doesn't matter how many of us want 2 combat climate change. U r leading Dems. U r not fighting hard enough. Get GOP on ur side.
Climate Change been changing for millions of year, lots far worst than now. Is not man made &d cant be controlled as is seen in last 25+yrs
What are you the Al Gore #2, he has been wrong for years and made million off his forcast, see you following in his foot steps. All BS lies
So what ur saying is the overdevelopment in flood zones allowed in coastal cities (Dems) weren't a good idea?
Redistribution of wealth...
#climatechange #climatechangemarch #nosuchthing#douallbeliveinthetoothfairytoo?
Schumer
#ClimateScam #ClimateGate aka weather and effects of the sun
So Ur planning to forgo Ur private jet to take a horse and carriage or ride Ur bike?
Wind mills kill entire flocks of birds!Electric Car batteries acid Is dumped where?And when charging, Ur using COAL & OIL! Hypocrites!
All that hot air should contribute to global warming! 10 degrees cooler than average where I am at. Protest here please.
They should be marching against you for blocking tax cuts for the middle class. YOU are trying to keep loopholes for the wealthy elite Dems
Our children will never forgive us if we fail to act NOW on climate change!
Won't Matter!
Climate change is not out to kill us. Isis is. Wake up. How can you be so against our @POTUS i am ashamed of u
Don't U ever Get Tired of Crying "Wolf", "Wolf" all the time???
lol Decrease property value............
your meme above is plain bullshit Chuck
Climate has been changing for millions of years and will continue. It is not the most important issue facing our country or the world.
Want to help more? Shut your mouth to stop the release of massive amounts of Hot Air.
You really need to read. Climate change is a direct result of population and not paying attention to the planet.  Nothing we can do
Stop LYING to Americans for your political agenda. Unbecoming of a Senator that our founding fathers envisioned. Term Limits or RESIGN.
Hey Chucky, The sea level on Maui is the exact same level since I painted a rock on the coast in 1992. I have been repainting every year.
Give it a rest Chuck no one believes your phony money grab scam! Everyone wants a clean environment but government takeover, no thanks
Chucky, look at the temperature chart for the last thousands of years. Do you see anything significant?
Mar-a-Lago will be under water soon.
Ever the optimist!
You don't give a shit about climate change. You just need an opposition talking point.  You lousy TRAITOR!
Thank you everyone for believing the biggest scam of the century.
How much money is George Soros wasting on these marches! How many Coal miners are marching with them idiots that lost their jobs & homes
Please join, "Moron March of Week!" sponsored by Crybaby Schumer.
Some will be a bit late - I heard they were confused about whether to bring a cardigan or not

Usually I'm able to remain open & objective, however you continually come across as 100% insincere.
Don't worry so much about climate change Senator and worry about trash and debris littering country! @politico @nytimes @washingtonpost
YEAH YEAH ! DEM'S HAVE BEEN SAYING THIS 4 DECADES AN WHAT HAS HAPPENED NOTHING,ITS ALL DEM BS ! LIKE WARMING TEMP INCREASE OF .5% IN A CENT.
Remember the 70's? We all going to freeze to death'
LIVED IN  NJ. THEN STILL YOUNG AN BUILDING IGLOO'S EVERYWHERE IN THE DEEP PILES OF SNOW IN MARCH. NOW APRIL AN SNOWING -THE SKY IS FALLING !
What are you going to do when the Muslims are in power in USA and start killing the American citizens
Chuckie, you don't give a damn anything about but yourself.
if the sea level is rising, why do we use that sea level to reuse elsewhere. The water we can use for wildfires. Our earth is resourcable
