No, you won't get money to kill unborn babies!! May your black souls burn in the pit of hell lest you repent.
That's an odd statement, Chuck, considering democrats rushed through Obama's plan without even reading it. Recall Pelosi's comment? 
Just mad because you are still loosing,
You guys  went behind closed doors and passed the crappy AHCA.And what have you done to work with them to fix the mess you created? NOTHING
Rushing through? Now that is funny. They actually read the bill before the vote. Ring any bells
Like you when you passed your bill BEFORE anyone was allowed to read it?



You got a short memory - look at how O'Bama care was passed.
you had no bipartisan support for OBAMA care. My wife works in the medical field and it's bad. Hospitals have polices now
America is ashamed of the entire left! Chuckles the leader of obstruction & corruption. Let USA thrive! Trying helping instead of resisting!
I think you misspelled Mitch McTurtle.
Take  your health care? Not bloody likely . However, with no insurance companies working with Obama care, how do you plan to fix that?
You have no credibility.
spread that hate old man! U wil be satans # 1 man hes waiting on u and @HillaryClinton
Your health care?  Your health care! Your exempt and receive much better health care than regular citizens #getagrip #gohome #nevercomeback
11.5 million signed up for ACA. 9 million need tax incentives to afford it. How can 24 million ACA lose coverage? Numbers are nonsense!
Nothing to be ashamed of. Read the bill. HSM and tax incentives. States decide on ACA use. Rich Medicare recipients pay an extra .9%! Simple
Sickest are covered
Oldest on medicare
Poor on medicaid
Children on S Chip!
Pre-existing covered
Lower premiums 
Lower deductibles!
Similar tactic to Dems with obamacare then "vote for it to see what's in it" late one Christmas Eve
Like #Dems rushed Ocare through? Because American ppl would've protested it?
Clown schumer should start wearing the red nose cause he fits that bill , resistance n UN AMERICAN
They should be ashamed that that many of them did not even read it. They exempted themselves from its negative impact.  #THEYKNOWITSBAD
Nonsense, sir.
Hey Chuckie, remember how you passed Obamacare, middle of night during holiday? It took a year to buy enough votes of only Dems.
Chuck Schumer is at best an ass.
The GOP ought to be horribly ashamed - if they have half a conscience or half of a religious belief system.
At least they read the bill instead of pass it to see what was in it. Then get sick when we found out what was in it.

#BreakingNews: House passes health care bill in big victory for President #Trump. http://fxn.ws/2qwH6pY  
Propaganda by the ill equipped Schumer. His voice means nothing, his words are useless. GOD BLESS AMERUCA AND HER PATRIOTS. We will overcome
Stop lying to these poor ppl! Their health care is already GONE! Obamacare has self destructed already! Wth is wrong with you!? TGFT #MAGA
Oh look a bot. Surprised I didn't notice this before.
Why should taxpayers pay for other people's insurance? It's unconstitutional. Medicaid will break this country-you know it-find a better way
Chuck - do u hate USA so much that you'd rather take everyone down with you? Not everyone lives in ur million $ homes! Wake up! Have a 
Really, you crack me up!
Why would an "alleged" Senator retweet such a ridiculous claim??
OBAMACARE would add $940 billion to the debt.
Dont Be Impressed With Chuck Schumer, He Retweets Toilet Paper. He Is But A Panderer To Fools.
OBAMACARE costing taxpayers 10,000per insured person and counting.
Turn The House Blue!!!
21 tax increases included in Obamacare totaling 1.058 TRILLION DOLLARS,
Obama and all Democrats insisted that the naysayers where wrong that obama care would not tank the nation ...but the fact is
If they are ashamed of it, who's making them advance it! That's the question!
Over 12 of these new taxes will be on the families making less than 200,00
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems  @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan #VoteNoAHCA #disability http://nyti.ms/2pL3quS 
Fact. Congressional budget office has estimated that ACA will raise taxes by 813 billion over the next ten years,
Your own party doesn't even know what's in ACA, remember the quote " you have to pass it before you know what's in it "
And then the Republican reps will go into hiding during recess instead of dealing w/constituents' rightful anger.
So youbrushing thru it outside with a crowd. No wonder you can't get nothing done
@GOP No, Senator. The GOP has NO SHAME. They lost it a long time ago. Around the time Obama came into office, by my estimate.
Trump, shady realestate guy, trying to get healthcare done without sharing details or final cost - like he is selling unfinished condos
And just want to shut up dt and pass the buck on to senate
dont take what healthcare? the one so many pay for but cant afford to use?
SHAM ON YOU.
Yeah Schumer, we r ashamed of u and ur blatant HATRED of the President!  U r a disgusting excuse for a government official!!
Wow, you must have LOATHED the Republicans this time last yr for their egregious disrespect of a sitting president.
Yeah about that...since we're going that direction Obama
Was the worst president ever but conservatives didn't stoop to the level u dems have
I'm ashamed of YOU, Senator. Your FEARMONGERING is disgraceful! Affordable and quality HC for ALL is of the utmost importance to the Reps!
Sarcasm, right?
Hardly.
You Are Wasting Our Time  Just Run For POTUS So Trump Can be A 2 Term POTUS
yall drowned childern and call it a didsasir??? tech??? this is why the rail was important to the country/medical tech??? #stabandwhore
no we are ashamed of you for letting obama let down Israel with no fight from u .end of your term
It does not belong in big gov.
As well they should be. #ffs
Kind of like u did. Obama care.  U have to pass it to see it. Push this thing to the free market, and get it out of the government.
Damn dude it's the same bill that they had last month. It only has a few new amendments!
Marry in haste, repent at leisure.
he's such a hack
