Urging the Trump administration to immediately initiate a dialogue between the Iraqi gov't & Iraqi Kurds.
Need a peaceful res that doesn’t jeopardize ongoing fight v. ISIS, put gains at risk & finds way to accommodate Kurds' legit aspirations.
Weren't the Kurds asking for help during the Obama administration? I don't remember you caring. That said, the Kurds are pro-West. Or at least as pro-West as you can get in that region.
I actually believe the Democrats have a DUMB idea wheel you spin and get their next RIDICULOUS talking point I hope they keep spinning it!
Oh piss off. You just lost Kurds as an ally. The US is a joke, and a double-standard state if anything... Your boots on the ground = IRGC
Get off your butt and stop all arms sales to #Iraq and #Turkey until they recognize #FreeKurdistan. #StopIran #SupportKurdistan #Liberty
When your kids are fighting the war then you can talk otherwise no ones listening
Any other great ideas! That’s why your a DEMOCRAT!! I bet nobody thought of that talking point, well except Hillary
And you should be replaced by someone who cares!!
Do the right thing and support the Kurds - they are our best allies against the terrorist states
Wish you thought that about our government!!!!!!!
If you have such great knowledge why didn’t you tell Obama and his generals how to fight Isis?
Why must we make everything partisan?  Anyone paying attention, R or D, can tell that we can’t risk fighting breaking out between Kurds/Iraq
ISIS is by far the largest threat, we need to end this conflict peacefully and continue focusing on defeating them.
#Iran is by far the largest threat. #StopIran #SupportKurdistan
How profound.
Am edging the FBI to investigate the money of 375 million dollars given by Obama administration to CNN for propaganda campaign
What the hell are you talking about
Well duh, Captain Obvious!
Ok, so get going on it !
WHY DON'Y YA GO OVER AND TELL UM SMUCK>>OR ISRAEL DOESN'T WANT TO SEE YA?
We don't trust USA administration anymore..They sold out kurkuk to Iran
We need to pull out and protect the homeland
what to do about it, that is the question. maybe we need to pick a side ???
Isis is practically history because of a president Donald Trump dopey Obama was letting the cancer growing he let the Russians in Syria
Blah blah blah
You go over there brave boy and tell em
But Iraq is against us and so is the whole world, so how shall we fight it ?
What a brilliant observation! You're so smart Chuckie. Lol




With the destruction of Raqqa and the liberation of Kirkuk, the Iraqis and Kurds have done their job. Now, thumb up or down, Free Kurdistan?
Just ask Trump.  I'm sure with that secured line directly to Putin's lair, Trump not only knew, but 'sanctioned' the hit.  Hmmmm sanctions.
US FoPo should stop pandering to corrupt hosers like Erdogan & Gulf Arabs & reco that secular rational Kurds are only capable group in area
You have no clue... go back to making a fool of yourself and the Dems! Stay out of world issues.
Every ounce of energy & resources the @SenateDems has should be spent on helping the President #MAGA not fighting the people.
Check if you're so brilliant why aren't you running for president you know if you really think you're great let's do it!
You should support Kurdistan, Iraqi terror forces attacked Kurdistan
Read the real news. They are done. "100 left in Ragga, Finished in Syria"
Sure Chuck. Go over there and tell them
We wouldn't have an isis if not for stupid politicians destabilizing regions for hidden agendas
Why don't you lead the talks, afraid you'll have to work for a change.
I think they are already talking, give me some facts, for a change
You mean... they aren't playing according to the DIA script and you don't like it?
.why don't you go over and sort them out
Every ounce of energy & resources the Democrats spend fighting Trump should instead be spent helping Americans.
Senator McCain has the same view of the situation
Maybe dem should stop fighting rep on everything.
are you a senator of Iraq or US? Hard to tell sometimes.
Schumer has to go!
Please go there and get in the middle of it. I'll pay your airfare one way.
This so called President doesn’t have a clue on how to react to a real crisis. The Dems will have to take charge somehow b/c GOP is useless.
You are trying to hide the fact this is Iranian backed militia funded by planeload of US tax dollars trying to start civil war. Thanks Barry
Nice General Mattis!! The truth TRUMPS all, no pun intended!
Well why don't you go over there and tell them that?
You are the Senator for NY, not Iraq - focus on OUR problems.
Foreign policy is part of governing, and this is “OUR” problem.  The war on ISIS concerns us very much.
The Kurds deserve their own country. Break Irak.
45says you guys stink, prove him wrong.
Paul Manafort has been working on this- getting the Iraqis and Kurds to fight each other
So ridiculous. Try something else..
And what is isis
US armed terror group in the place, not supporting US.
Beauty is
Both the groups r armed by same source
The "JV Team", Chuckie?  Aw c'mon....you're not REALLY worried about them, are you?  How then can you spin the last 8 years, then?
Kind of like how every ounce of energy the dems&MSM spend fighting @realDonaldTrump should B spent helping the AMERICAN PEOPLE Right Chuck?
Had Donald Trump tweeted this, and not Chuck Schumer, I guarantee you’d defend him.  Quit being a fanboy and think for yourself.
What would be your priorities if you were a kurd in Kurdistan?
A-Defending your homeland.
B-Fight against IS while your homeland occupying
Kurds fought IS in S. Kurdistan. Now, kurds have to defend their homeland. Because kurdistan is under the attack of hasdi shabi’s militias.
Could you all do something please? Are you really trying to say you don’t have enough on this grifter family to force a resignation yet?
Chuck....Tax reform is where we r!!!!!!!!
IS is a global threat, Right.But, you do not care for globe if some one threat your homeland, The priority become your homeland as kurdistan
This shit better be real lol
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!
Did you know Trump sold a boat to one of his rich buddies from Iran? Yep,  he sold it to him for less than what he paid for it. #POTUS
Kurds defended themselves, Iraqi and Iran led Shiite militia #IRG attacked using USA weapons
Meanwhile, US continues to support diametrically opposed groups in Syria, one of which has ties to ISIS, because they are fighting Assad.
Irony-blindness runs rampant lately.
If we had any sense, we'd get out of these mid-east regime-change wars, and limit our future efforts to humanitarian aid to non-combatants.
Iraqi Kurds shouldn’t have taken advantage of Iraqi forces fight with ISIS. Instead of helping them they declare independence. What happened to the Southern separatists when then they declared independence from the Union? They were crushed by great Lincoln.
Senator Schumer, It Is Time For Iraq To Allow The Kurds To Form Their Own Country! The Kurds Have Supported Us & Only Want Their Freedom!
Crying Chuck did you stop Obama from sending them millions of dollars, and an arsenal of weapons?? Yeah that would be a NO
Hey Schumer, that sounds like a great idea. You should call up the Iraqi government and propose your idea of "kiss and make up." #spineless.
What’s your solution?  We need Iraqi’s/Kurds to cooperate, or at least stop fighting, and focus on fighting ISIS.
Are u only worrying about America
Best regards. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1949578165289842&id=1879519768962349 …
This terrible situation with the Kurds & Iraq MUST be solved via negotiation.  This should be a @StateDept priority. Come on!  @AltStateDpt
yeah Chuck, you're wasting your time. Baghdad doesn't want to hear that
Chuck, you woke bro???
And @SenSanders should be the 2020 nominee
True. But the last Administration said ISIS was just a JV Group. Now look at it. Refusal to recognize causes trouble
Shut up you idiot
Where were you when our Freshman President was calling ISIS the JV team? You’re such a hypocrite.
Maybe, but is it really our place to tell them how to live their lives? We've done enough to destroy their country.
well stated brother  and senator schumer
A union of independent states. That is the solution and will fix everyone's problem. However, not a likely solution for the WEST!
POTUS is running the JV team out
I guess your a Military tactician now ? Why don’t you stay in your little box
Or use it to fight #DNC Menéndez corruption#MondayMotivation
Well haven't you heard Isis is giving up all over the place
What do you think about the Iran deal?
Not much we can do about it with Russia running our fake @POTUS.

Or we could allow people to have autonomy and stop enforcing borders created by colonial powers.

You tell em Chuckles..maybe a few fake tears are in order.

He was friends with trump, here's a secret, the democrats, Republicans all have dinner & laugh about all the kids they fuck
And ISIS or any other willing faction will continue to exploit that.
when will we spend a decade without fighting in a war.  we spend too much on military without resolution, listen!:

And every ounce of energy you spend flapping your guns should be spent utilizing the 25th Amendment. #ImpeachTrump
Get a grip on your ignorant self. That's never going to happen. Hell you didn't even know what the 25th was till last week. Liberal idiot
Isis is on the brink of collapse that's the next fight, chuck #maga
