You mean save taxpayers $823 Million?
Sch will lose thousands if he fails to protect the lobbyist which have him dancing like a puppet. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
Stop resisting !!
So why are OUR REPRESENTATIVES not on the current plan (that we have to buy) that they conveniently exempted themselves out of?
No #DACA https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/uphold-our-immigration-laws-and-deport-800000-daca-recipients-and-repeal-immigration-act-1965 …
@SenJohnMcCain you have a great speech re #RegularOrder, please please stand by your words.
.@SenSchumer posturing again. That's only $145.44 per person. Tighten your belts. Fiscal responsibility to US citizens is your f'n job.
Does 20 Trillion mean anything chuck?
Does 20 trillion mean anything to you chuck!!
GOP is conspiring to commit purely greed driven, indiscriminate & cruel Medical Terrorism assaulting American families. ENOUGH!

bye bye Russian bot
That's the idea.  Too bad Democrats have severe SFB.
Why don't you stop your BS and go to work for NY. Those Gov will take care of their states. They don't need you
The numbers are clear, he's taking money away from Dem states & giving it to Rep states. Disgusting way to dispense healthcare to Americans.
Holy moley, we can just raise tax on mary-ja-Wanda and pay for that!
Federal government does not belong in the Health Care business. Only made a huge mess! Look how they screwed up Vet's care! Butt OUT!
7 years you tried to fix ACA Chuck and failed why? Because u won't tell the truth, the ACA can't be fixed, it just needs to be repealed!
Good one Chucky 
Liar old Chuckie boy
@CoryGardner Please vote No and protect your constituents.
Try communicating a sense of outrage, Mr Senator.  Your statements fail to arouse anything but boredom.
Amazing how obvious it is that his twitter account is being run by a bored intern phoning it in
Cool pay down the debt with it
I got an idea... how bout you resign and that will save more than money!!
I expected more from Graham.  What sick pleasure can he get from this?  Millions without ins. And no preexisting ...
Maybe that a good thing.   Colorado spends to much on illegals anyway.
Wow, now that's what I call a win! Save my bucks!
We have to save money. You know we cannot continue on like this.

The only losers are the illegal immigrants you've imported to rape and murder us.
Lose lose lose-lost! Plain & simple
Sen where is the money going that they are cutting?
.@GOP No No No No No No No No No 
 #CassidyGraham Back to the drawing table
Then use the funding wisely
Multiple Sclerosis is the 2nd most expensive disease behind cancer. Many dx in 20s/30s. The average life expediency is 80s. #preexisting
Graham-Cassidy is a good name for a band not healthcare.
Yes!

Stop ACA Repeal!
This is exactly why Obamacare needs to. E repealed immediately Chuck.
Sounds like money the government could use to balance the budget
Anything is better than Obamacare. Stop this nonsense. No one is buying it.
Under existing Obama you can keep your Doctor and it will be cheaper plan, Everyone will lose everything, Period..
Love this. Can we see every state to Retweet?
I follow Senator Schumer & have retweeted 3 states so far! I do not know if he has results for all States. Senators need to know
I love that he read each state as a rebuttal during round one of Hell-thcare. I watched the entire thing. Great idea. #GrahamCassidy
Solution: Single Payer
@SenCoryGardner Are you really going to do this? You are killing your constituents.
Sounds like a lot of tax payers dollars being saved.
Why is it that all of a sudden you feel everyone is entitled to our money to pay for health care
New health bill:
Are rich people getting tax credit?
Is the premium lower than before?
Is the coverage better?  Or only
Just hate for Obama?
That makes up for less than half of the Taxpayer money paid to Bill Nelson and Mary Landrieu for being the49th & 50th vote on Obamacare. 
ya ya ya and obama care was great chuckie
All these stats just mean too much already being paid out and it's time to reevaluate this spend
Good thing Colorado has all that marijuana tax money they can subsidize their own health care.
Good. Let Colorado fund their own promises to their people instead of bleeding the other states of money to help out with Colorado citizens
If you hate it, it must be great for hard working AMERICANS!!!!
Really? How about federal government not tax for Obamacare and respect the 10th amendment. Funneling money thru fedgov is BS and waist full
They have a full waist?   #SpellingMatters
What in your background gives you the understanding of healthcare? Nothing. You don't handle it. Therefore have no ability to speak to it.
Good. That's our money!
You mean you will lose kickback money if this passes. You cant have you income lowered now can you? Why all the drug users will not get fix
How else can Trump pay for golf weekends?
You da
Have you read a bill? Didn't know there was one out yet.
AMERICA DEMANDS FULL REPEAL OF OBAMACARE GET OUT OF HEALTH INSURANCE WE DEMAND SMALLER GOVT
Don't let this happen Chuck!.Usa citizens need good Healthcare,gop has NO interest,in doing what's right for Americans!..LEAD ON THIS CHUCK!
Why don't you stop Fing around and sign onto Medicare4all?
Please don't let it pass.   There has to be some GOP's that have hearts.   Get them to vote for us little people.
You mean the lazy nonworkers
Sounds like a good start at balancing the budget
What about Minnesota? I KNOW both our Senators are on the right side. I called anyway. They both make me proud.
#ProtectOurCare #SavetheACA
Excellent. Less money I have to pay in Texas for Colorado.
The things Democrats believe and do NOW are the only goddamn thing saving this country! 
Did I mention it was DEMOCRATS?!
If you are in CO call @CoryGardner
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Arizona would lose $1.6 Billion in federal funding.
I'd like to ask @GOP (who get FREE health care) WHY they  don't want ALL Americans to have GOOD AFFORDABLE health care? Pls RT
They don't want affordable they want free for the bums and illegal
Good!
Suspend Congress health plan.. who do they think they are?
ObamaCare -  Taxation without representation!
#MedicareForAll
Healthy people would have insurance until the moment they need it, at which point their premiums could become prohibitively expensive.
The sick should pay more, especially if the illness is a result of life decisions.. i.e. drug use, promiscuous sex habits, obesity
Empathy: the ability to understand and share the feelings of another.
I suppose in your imaginary world poor ppl create jobs and hire other ppl.
Chuck pls tell the entire story!!  You lie lie lie!

2/2 Then, on the day that that person is diagnosed with cancer, jack up their premiums so high that they are no longer affordable.
So?
1/2 In essence, an insurer could take someone’s money for years while that individual is healthy.
Sure would. By not expanding Medicaid further.
Gop still trying to play a shill game
So why a big issue? That's only $170.00 per person...way less than one month premium of Obamacare.
It would also permit insurers to charge higher premiums to people who are currently insured through the Obamacare exchanges.
Do you pay the same insurance as someone with 3 DUI's?
Again, do something,Chuck!
Graham-Cassidy, however, wouldn’t simply allow waivers of Obamacare’s protections for people with preexisting conditions.
You just don't get it! We the people don't want ACA!Or to be told we have to purchase health insurance! Forcing us to pay is pure socialism!
The Affordable Care Act forbids insurers from discriminating against sick patients by denying them coverage or charging them higher premiums
Which makes it NOT insurance.
ObamaCare was set up from beginning to fail. We should concentrate on putting people back to work not expanding poverty.
.

And under obama care all Americans loose

You @DNC own it you fix it

.
(CBPP) found that the Graham-Cassidy plan would "gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions,"
Question if it's Cassidy-Graham bill, how is it then #Trumpcare schmuck?
Obamacare and Trumpcare aren't good for people. We don't need to become communists to have a decent healthcare. Please Back-up Bernie plan.
Keep posting these revelations!   I hope these states are paying attention!
Wtf @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @maddow @Lawrence @votevets @NBCLatino @votolatino @LatinaLista @LatinosMatter @donlemon
Communists lost in Poland, Hungary, Russia, Venezuela, China, and they continue to lose in America
Citizens are tired of paying for people who don't contribute to our system.
Medicare for ALL
You don't feel like working huh
Let is crumble and Republicans will lose the next election
Wouldn't vote for democrats ever again. Used to be neutral vote for best person. Not any more!
This is what Republicans support.  Will someone please explain to me how they're not evil?
No. You explain how we are going to fund Medicaid & Medicare for all.
That's a lot of tax payer money being saved !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
In other words, taxpayers would save 800 million, which they would use to buy things. Sounds like a great deal to me.
No, no, no!!!
I feel like there is a trend in these tweets. Keep working for our healthcare Senator. #SaveACA
If they are losing a billion dollars in 2 cities how much does obamacare cost?
Colorado is against government run healthcare. It rejected a statewide universal healthcare proposal, 79-21, in a Nov. 2016 referendum.

Under Obamacare 
EVERYONE will soon have no healthcare
Again with the numbers game
Republicans are lucky Trump's "hands" are small...At least it's easier to bend over for him without a spine. Sad!
To all Republicans not even attending  Town Halls, does your new Healthcare plan not cover a bruised ego?
At least the GOP will save money on Healthcare by ditching Chiropractor coverage. No need for one without a spine.
People like you make me laugh, have u even seen the bill? Blindly believing Schumer will get you nowhere!
Yes actually I have. I don't mind this bill at all. My point is actually that it doesn't have a chance. Too much in fighting
That is true.  I haven't seen where it has need released to the public yet.
I don't know if it's released but I've seen a ton of the details. I don't think it'll fly tho, cuts to NY and CA are huge, big population
I saw Graham talking about it and he said it was returning tax dollars to the states for the governor to decide on health care.
And that part I agree with. But block grants are equal for each state which makes no sense... 20 Mill people get same as 20 Thousand.
He said it would be waited but cuts out huge pork to the pharmacy companies. Who knows but what we have isn't working.
