We'll keep working to protect #immigrantrights, maintain an inclusive, diverse & strong America & welcome hardworking immigrants. #MayDay
Why don't you start defending the American middle class working man. We can't afford all these entitlement programs for everyone else.
Bullshit.  What you can't afford is GOP's plans for tax cuts, huge increases in defense spending, and elimination of the social safety net.
Sorry you feel that way, but I believe in a strong defense and I really don't think the Federal gov should provide that social safety net.
Then don't pretend that debt matters to you.  You are asking for huge national debt. Just argue that you want the poor to suffer.
I don't want them to suffer, I just don't care about the poor.
Good. You're just evil enough to be a conservative.
Why am I evil, couldn't I just be indifferent.
That's great you stood against everything the American People want and why they voted for President Trump ! Good job #MAGA

poor Kimberly, my benighted child.
Actions speak louder.The GOP is WHOLLY OWNED by Wall Street
While you libs spew your ignorant comments & spew hatred Trump and his administration are working to MAGA pathetic 
You might want to place a comma after MAGA...
This is tweeter not high school

Putin's wall will keep you IN babe.. just sayin

I got 10,000 years of dictators walls, and western civil.. nice eye roll is it all you got
Difference dictators walls are keeping citizens from leaving not protecting them.
Okay Connie name one border wall in western civil that wasn't built to keep people out that a did not keep the persecuted in?culled much?
And yet you Democrats supported Obama with his unconstitutional use of executive orders.
Nice job Chuck, but sanctuary cities are a disgrace to our democracy. I don't ask anyone to abuse illegals, but affording sanctuary is wrong
Too bad you didn't work hard for the victims of criminal illegal immigration like Kate Stein and  others, especially from gangs
What happened to victims rights?  What happened to the rights of the American People?Should we not expect to be as safe as illegals?
Keep up the good work!
@mokylatn oh my gosh, the majority of your tweets are full of illegals' protection, benefits, etc.   who in the heck goes for u
You're a traitor to the USA. You took an oath to protect & defend the people of this country. Illegals have no rights here.
just sad.

Unless you claim Lakota, Souix or other 1st nation blood, you're an immigrant...
Other than the word u use the most, Against, try to fix it
That's right put party ahead of America's safety a-hole. Typical NY gutter kite!
Don't be too fast with singing victory Chuck...Trump is not done!
Except, you are not speaking for the Americans who voted for him & want those things..
U mean you stood strong against the law and encouraged others to do the same! #MAGA
Ignored We the ppl of America Our safety, or rights.
Chuck, please define what an ILLEGAL immigrant is please. And why they are in violation of federal law?
What about Federal Civil Rights protections for the LGBTQ Community? We need it now, all across our Nation.
Stop this horrible GOP evil non-healthcare bill and never stop talking about #russiagate #russiagate #Impeach45
You didn't stand strong for traditional values
Propaganda, at the Supreme Court you will see the lies repudiated
Trumps orders against the illegals is not unconstitutional.  What you are doing is.
Thank you, Democrats. Really appreciate all you're doing to help save us from a madman.
Schumer is an obstructionist like the rest of the Democraps.  Why not work across the isle for once and be productive!
How about defunding travel for the adult Trump sons and daughters? Why are we paying for this with tax dollars?
AND TRUMPCARE? PLEASE
Thank you
Dems don't get it. That's why your loosing all the seats. Support Trump and Win again.
Keep fighting the good fight....Never give up to those Trumpflakes!!!
And thats why you will be voted out in 2018
Your stance is leading the Democratic Party over the cliff.
You do know we consider those actions to be the baseline, right?  Try working up.
He is a jackass. That's all I can say.
Great job! Appreciate the ongoing efforts!
U are all fools
How about #stopbitchingandgettowork ? #doyourjob ? Start working. When's your next vacation?
You also stood behind Obama when he empowered Iran to have a easier killing of Jews. You are a fraud.
You had to rely on activist judges,9th Circuit to slow Legal Executive orders. No worries. SOTUS will reverse. Chuck and leftist lose again.
Blah blah blah
What did you did was stood strong supporting terrorists and drug cartels pouring thru our borders, and protecting felons from being deported
You mean you were obstructionists and sore losers. As a New Yorker, I will not forget this at reelection time.
OUT OF SPITE YOU R PUTTING MILLIONS OF AMERICAN LIVES AT RISK! BUT DONT U WORRY! WERE WATCHING AND WILL SHOW U YOUR ERRORS AT VOTING BOOTH
ACTUALLY I BELIEVE YOU VOTED FOR STRONGER BORDERS! UNTIL YOUR EGO GOT BRUISED!
Your taking your party down a pretty dim path.. get use to President Trump, he'll be around lots longer then you!
Only wacko court said unconstitutional Illegal immigrants are law breakers with out standing in US Courts & Sanctuary Cities are law breaker
SCHUMER, WRONG FOR AMERICA

What about protecting Americans!? You are CRAZY and the blood of Americans will be on your hands.
Now THAT's what we want to see!!! We need EVERY dem in EVERY local election with this fighting attitude!!
#DontFuckWithChuck :D
OK, now can you get @realDonaldTrump out of office?
This won't help your cause any because we want to be safe and secure. You don't care about US only your own agenda!
Keep it up. We need to continue to fight 45 and the GOP.
Dems LOVE illegals! Not so much American citizens 
Chucky I would bet that if you could ask ur dad what one of proudest moments was it would b the day he became a Legal US citizen
I don't get it - @POTUS reaches across the isle & gives you what you beg for & keeps government open, yet all you do is mock? GROW UP!
On this day in 2011 Barack got Bin Laden and played 18. Trump, vomited on himself  in 4 interviews. @realDonaldTrump
Your nothing but a traitor to the American people
So u stood in force with aiding & abetting the practice of not enforcing the laws as they r written. You r not a lawmaker but a law breaker
Mr Schumer. Why do the Dems want to protect criminals that steal, rape, murder. There has been no action against good illegal aliens.
@SenSchumer and the @SenateDems  We are counting on all you can do to stop this insanity .You got our backs..We got yours ..
#WeStandWithYou
Hey, Joker face, shut up and sit down
That's why the Dems will lose senate seats in the 2018 midterms.  You guys just don't get it!
Yeah right LOL.  U wouldn't even address it.  @realDonaldTrump
Should put a limit in budget on Trump travel to equal Obama's spending. If exceeded he pays the bill.
Thank you standing up for those that can't!
Yea ur right obstructionist! Ur just so damn proud of urself . Don't worry u ppl will pay in the end! Count on that. The ppl will make sure
Do you have a fence around your home? I'm sure you have huge security
'Dem Strong'-Don't waiver!
It's time for you to get with the program fake tears your party had eight years and you failed the American people.
Don't worry Chucky POTUS will do what he said he would do. Enjoy your moment in the sun because this fall you will lose
Please don't stop!
Yea you all stood against the constitution that @POTUS was following you clown
You uphold law for us? No! Bless Trump. If ur fam mem is shot like a dog by ILLEGAL repeater offender.Reward it. We give ur address Senator!
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
You must suffer from selective memory loss. U Never complained when Obama did the same. Hypocrite. U don't represent the Citizen's interest
Chuckie this standing strong shit will bite you. What about doing something positive. You're such a poser.
Like the unconstitutional Supreme Court ruling forcing us to purchase a product or be penalized through a "tax", talk aboutnthat
And you know about the US Civil War without Frederick Douglass teaching you     BAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Please stay strong against this racist bunch of bananas. They scare the hell out of me.
Keep shittin on the wheels of progress, chuck...  with your help, the country can accomplish nothing!
45 gets more demented every day.  The Russia investigation taking way too long.  MUST be independent!  PLEASE help make this happen!!
You may want to tell Bernie and Warren to stop going after President Obama if you expect our votes in 2018 cause I am getting piste off now
Agree with you 100pct
DISGRACE DEMOCRAPS PUT PARTY AHEAD OF COUNTRY.
Thank you!!
Thank you dems for being amazing and restoring class to the current admin's treachery.
So  your for illegal criminals and gangs controlling and terrorizing the American ppl , otherwise you would support POTUS immigration stance
You the man Senator.... Tuf guy
How old is the person who tweeted that? What intern gets his star?
So then u really can't complain that Trump hasn't gotten anything done in his first 100 days.  U can't have it both ways! #BullSchumer
"America's Great Mistake" putting ILLEGALS over American citizens. Our inner city residents living horrible lives. https://twitter.com/RepublicanChick/status/858288747057524736/photo/1pic.twitter.com/XEnoo9aoi2 
U must deport these radical Islamists! Don't U watch what's happening in Europe? Must it rub off on U before U protect us? Open Ur eyes!!
Funny how our President wants a safe country and Americans first. You only care about being an Obstructionist for your party. Why is that?
Keep it up! Especially, until he's found guilty for treason and put in prison!
Ok
All very bad for Americans, and working class Americans.
Go Chuck!
wish you would let us know which laws we have to follow.
And we thank each and every Democratic Senator for it. Bravo and well done. Resistance with results.
You're not protecting immigrants, which I am for. You're protecting ILLEGAL immigrants. Aren't u supposed to uphold the law? Took oath or...
Thank you 
Nothing he is doing is unconstitutional! Undoing all the unconstitutional things obama and the democrats did is a great thing! Schumer is an
If you lock your house at night, you shouldn't be against the wall. It's not to keep out people you want in, its to keep out the others
Why is it that dems don't want to follow the laws that the house and senate passed regarding immigration?
Schumer should want to fulfill Trump's promises to American people! He cares nothing about fighting against drugs, criminal illegals & MS-13
I'm ashamed! You protect criminals who hide behind your ridiculous policies!
Cheers to good leadership!! Thank you!! 
We are ever mindful of your good intentions and speaking for the people of this country.  With you to lead and ?, we are in a good place
So really what you're saying Chuck is that your foot is still up Donald's butt. Nice job, keep up the butt kicking. I'm really enjoying this
Deportation force already exists. Walls work, you need to read the constitution and yes defund santuary cities and states.
All you did was delay Constitutional truth and pushed us farther away from the Democratic party. A shame you can't see truth through hatred.
so you support people breaking the law? Illegal immigration is a huge issue that costs Billions!
Citizens don't let these politicians tell you what they want...u tell them what u want. They work for you!!!!!!!!
Thank you
My tax dollars better no be given to any sanctuary city... I want my tax dollars to benefit US citizens!!!
Trump is trying to protect Americans.  You turned your back on us by ignoring the undocumented and not creating a path to citizenship. Shame
Thanks Chucky you've now shown Americans that it's ok to come in with drugs and also murder our children! Maybe we should illegally deport U
Wake me when you support single-payer Healthcare, tuition-free college, drastic climate action & publicly funded elections.
KARMA IS A BITCH!!!
Why do support all things designed to undermine our republic? Are you that far left that you want our country to fall?
Way make America unsafe again. Excellent job at continuing the divide. We will remember this come next election
I'm glad you did now maybe your last term is this one
Chuck good keep standing up to trump and the republicans don't help them
Change the laws but don't neglect them. Fought border force? Looks like you approved additional $1.5 billion and called it a good agreement
Maybe the next criminal immigrant that wants to hurt someone it will be you or one of your family members. See if you stand pat after that.
Much appreciated. Thank you!
You should be arrested for treason. How can you justify willfully not enforcing the immigration laws of this country? Your a legislator.
.... U did ( Obama too ) vote for the Wall in 2002 !  So sick of you Schmitz !
We are doing it now in Texas. Going to jail and $25,000 a day fine for law inforcement officers, who don't follow the law. Texas proud.
Good for TEXAS!!! All Misty eyes Chuck is saying  "he & dems HATE" Pres Trump & are willing to sacrifice US lives/safety to oppose him. SAD!
Did you get funding from CAIR?
Keep allowing citizens to be vulnerable to law breaking illegal immigrants. You're doing a great job Chuck........NOT!!!!!!!!
That's why we're in such a mess because you Democrats & Obama let everything got to HELL! For 8 years.
Umm, Chuck, dems didn't do a damned thing. The courts did. It would be nice if you guys did something, anything. Not holding my breath tho.
Who protected Kate Steinle?
Stay strong, keep on keeping on!  Push! #Resist
Thank God somebody's standing against him on something. Now if we could only get him to stop profiting from W.H.  And spewing nonsense....
It's not over and you are dead wrong in all issues
Thank you and @SenateDems for standing for Americans and not allowing DT and GOP to inflict horrible policy/bills/plan onto hardworking Am
Chuckles do you let illegals live in your house? Law breakers, don't arrest anybody for anything. Now anarchy. Who gets arrested 4 what? 
Last night's 60 Minutes story on Somalian high school students...will Trump allow them in U.S. Another example of harm proposed ban causes
Mr. Schumer sir, every time you open your mouth, I wonder how much you’re being paid by special interest groups to say what you say?
ME TOO! Thank you.
And we thank you!!
Too much in-fighting within the Democratic Party to agree on anything. Go Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer. Damn Progressives are the problem
And your party will continue to stagnate because of it.
won't the Reps just have a bill passed to get the wall back on the table
FAKE MAN
Yes U should be proud Chuckie "Indy Mac Bank" U stood strong 4 everything the voters voted against in 2016!!! Please continue TO DO SO!!!!
You better stop bragging because I bet next time you don't get shit or trump gets his agenda through
Glad you're working so hard against our laws & fighting for non citizens. You're not taking your oath seriously.
Disingenuous.... Wall - postponed. Sanctuary Cities - still having funds cut off. Unconstitutional EOs - aren't any. ICE - 15K new agents
YES, that's a start! Donald Trump’s Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross caught violating Hatch Act over the weekend
your job is to continue to talk facts, push back on R's lies & call them out when they do. That's a big job!
DACA and Dapa are unconstitutional
The Secure fence Act of 2006 was signed into LAW by GW BUSH, which had BIPARTISAN support. Law is ON BOOKS.
Amen....thank you!!
Where were you when O was signing executive orders < crickets >
No need to use the past tense, @SenSchumer. We've got a long way to go . . .
I think #TheResistance had something to do with it as well! Oh and the judges who said his EO were unconstitutional
Good job!
Watch do this weekend on TV. Man are you a liar. You got called out to
The Democrats stood strong for criminals against the safety & welfare of the US citizens.  Why are you so proud of protecting criminals?
well done Chuck...looks like a clean sweep for Dems in this negotiation
There way too much to keep fighting against to sit down and rest, trump is mentally incompetent and we are in trouble if we sit down
Vote Schumer out he doesn't want the same thing the people want
