The real model for the future should be Congress doing their jobs instead of obstructing policies and appointees that would benefit the US.
Like when Mitch McConnell vowed to make President Obama alone term President?  Awwwwwkward....
Don't play the 'but he did it' game
Besides Obama didn't have the country's best interests at heart.  He served himself.
The cult duznt care we've spent MILLIONS on Trumps Mar-a-Lago luxuriatng. The cult duznt care about Trump profiting as POTUS cuz he's white.
Ummm...he didn't become President to make money.  Unlike that fraud Obama.
You're basically saying that you must be rich in the beginning, before you get into office? I would prefer they take no salary period.
I would prefer they don't fleece the citizens to line their pockets
The congress should have done that when @POTUS44 was doing illegal things, instead of enabling him.  http://www.scotusblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/HofR-challenge-to-ACA-DCt-5-12-16.pdf …
Awww, someone is butt hurt because poor people got healthier. #sad
Perhaps you are. But the constitution is important. If 44 can spend without authorization, then 45 could build his wall with same logic.
Citation
Also anything related to DAPA or risk corridor payments.
Sources? What spending? Where is proof it wasn't ratified by Congress?
No, it wasn't, it was flown out in cash on pallets in the middle of the night to the very people who want us dead. Not TOO shady.
So no actual evidence, definitely no proof.
How the f*ck does this benefit the people?

other than  & the MIC
Why did you cave on Iran sanctions?
Why did Russia and China?
Shameful. Better relations with Russia is progress. Not this obsession with making them our eternal enemy. You are not in the right here.
Rattlesnakes make great pets. Amirite?
I agree the sanctions bill gives us hope. Trump can't be trusted on Russia. Wants to be like Putin; wants that power. Tragic.
who do you trust.... clinton or trump... no question about.... MAGA
Finally!
Great Jobs Bill, Single Payer Bill, Infrastructure Bill ...

#MAGA traitors
It's NOT within the POWER of Congress.  Do you really think WE The People want YOU to seize power from the Executive? Please, Think again.
Sadly it shouldn't have to be! While he shames our congress and sucks up to Putin! Even more convinced of the dossiers facts. #PutinsPuppet
From the looks of things, there's more to do. No more petty bickering, do it right for the constituents!
4get wk 2gether! 8 almt 9yrs gop didnt wk w/u. GOP hate DJT . J/20/17 beatn all u did fm 08/17. Don't b weak. GOP 9yrs . DEM 7mth weak!
Who is going to "rein" you in and your obstructionist     Agenda. Work together for the people not the Democrats!
Stopping a President from talking to world leaders is your idea of a job well done?  It's #Dems who seem to drool for war. 

#NASTYvsGOOD
The model for the future is impeachment.
How about impeaching Pelozi, Schumer and the 2 female Republican senators.
Cool bot, Vlad.
The sanctions bill is probably unconstitutional.
Maybe it is time to set another "reset" button! Who are the idiots that allowed Russia to interfere by doing that?  Not the Trump admin.
Sanctions (& boycotts/divestment) also worked to end S African apartheid. Can work to end Israeli apartheid. Don't criminalize our efforts!
Satisfactory
Looks like u encourage bad relations around the world. Where were u last 8 years???
1. He speaks with Putin privately.

2. THEN he signs the bill.

Who is in charge here?

#ImpeachTrump

also: no mention of 755 diplomats cut
How do YOU KNOW what our President does privately?! You are delusional!
He and others are reading fake news supported by anonymous sources again. POTUS didn't speak to Putin before or after signing bill per WH.
stay tuned!

this white house is traitors

#ImpeachTrump
Hey cryin Chuck! How about you try supporting America for a change?
Communism always is the model 4 duh!!! Future that u progressives will never rule in
lmao your party is a laughing stock you are criminals period
Tired of hearing, "Trump shouldn't do things this way or that." We elected him to do things differently. He's fulfilling a campaign promise!
It sure didn't work the previous 8 years.  the Capital is partisan gridlock and an absolute joke for our Democracy.
Sad that our POTUS is such a moronic child that we need to reign him in! A college degree should be a minimum requirement for the job.
So where's all that collusion talk now? Fusion GPS mean anything to you? The Awan  brothers concern you at all? Obama's surveillance habits?
He's trying desperately to distract everyone from that news.
Impeach tRump.  He is a dangerous delusional demagogue fascist dictator wannabe.
Blah, blah, blah
Work with republicans and get rid of Obama care. Democrats think tanks are destroying medical care in America. You can pay premiums but why?
Ur off track, #CrybabySchumer
You mean corrupt establishment sellout warmongers
Thanks to all of you for your work on this.
as if the senate course is laid out. Your popularity speaks for itself & you might want to put down that rock with that glass house behind u
It will be found unconstitutional. You guys couldn't even get that right. Impressive
What model is that? Just pass stuff we like and we'll vote for it??? Btw how is creating an enemy of Russia in US best interest? Plz explain
Are you serious?The approval rating for Congress is still awful.A lot of us don't want @POTUS overridden by CONGRESS! Term limits 4 CONGRESS
Bite me chuckles
What you did was poke the beehive with a stick. Russia WILL retaliate. Dangerous! I know of #ABetterDeal - Vote Chuckles out of office 2018!
"...veers off track".  Are you kidding???  Collusion, money laundering, election tampering is veering off track???
& Possible sex trafficking... What a great guy our Prez is
Yes, too bad my retiring congressman voted against it. Looking forward to voting in @rsmith4congress in 2018.
NOT IF YOUR MODEL IS TO ALSO UNDERMINE PREVIOUS OBAMA LEGISLATION TO DO IT!! That would be continued foolishness right?
Who will rein in Senate minority leader?
Sad that it has to be this way
Thought it always was?
well, surely there is also  medical/psychiatric staff that could evaluate? medications that might help regulate his impulses?
Should be a model for today and everyday.
you are so irrelevant to the American people and this country. Step down!!
Somebody needs to teach you some respect for potus your not for the people your for you
"A model for the future"? That you're able to "rein in @POTUS " YOU ARE NOT OUR PRESIDENT! HE IS! YOU NEED TO BE "REINED IN"! Term limits!!!
Supporting the immigration reform.  Long overdue
Congress needs to DO MORE, WORK HARDER and DO BETTER!  He is a disgrace and embarrassment!
Its about time! Political posturing sucks for this great country, keep up the good work!
"When he veers off track?"? That makes it sound like he was ever on track. He's a disgrace, destroying this country on so many levels.
No Mr Schumer...  sanction bill was wrong for including Russia.  Stupid to put them in same boat as Korea and Iran.
He will not abide by this
Get Sanders out of the Democratic Party. He does not represent us.
A string bi partisan Congress is the best strategic weapon against the vile destructive agenda of this WH!  Pass protection for Muehler!
Probably more lies
Bologna!
Impeachment is a great model for the future too.

If you all could get that White Nationalist/KKK crap out of the White House we would be extremely grateful.
He's so far off the tracks there's no way to get him back on! It's time to end this presidency for the sake of the country!
"When he veers off track?" When does he NOT veer off track? We need the GOP to recognize he's destroying our democracy.
That is good to hear....Now how about working together and #ImpeachTrumpNow before he turns USA into a 3rd world country. #NotMyPresident
Sure the dems have sent us into a cold war worst than the 50s and 60s. Nice going Chuck your our hero.
Ummm. He called Putin before he signed it.  Can we get the phone records?
Impeaching the POTUS and the VP is a good start to reigning them in...
Trump ..that nutter ...not a model ..disgrace
Here's a better model:
No, the demorats must go. Have no trust in you all anymore. And when Russia retaliate to this it will be DEMS fault b/c it was from theirLIE
It's rather humorous the people that throw around the word impeachment without any knowledge of what it is and how it can be used. Fools.
You forgot about European energy needs. Why not read @TheEconomist?
The arrogance of you.
If only they'd really show some balls and subpoena his #taxreturns with a similar bipartisan vote to show they mean serious business
Then he said he signed it for "unity" also said it was "unconstitutional." So if it was against his principles why did he sign? That proves
that he will sell out something he believes in instead of standing his ground. 45 is full of crap
What Moran do you know who would want to work with Democrats?
We are tired of just about ALL of you. Term limits!
Odd to know the one thing that can unite both parties is the collective madness of a screwball @POTUS who's out of control. #CrazyCountry
Next order of business, pass legislation so Trump can't have Mueller fired.
Wish someone would rein in your EXTREME obstruction and fix Obamacare, tax cuts, protect our border, stop terrorists, etc. @realDonaldTrump
BETTER PLAN! How about we elect an adult that doesn't need supervision next time?
Why do you want sanctions on Russia and not Saudi Arabia? Saudi Arabia did 911. Russia has done nothing.Foolish and corrupt.
All (D)s & (R)s just hurt any possibility to get along with the only country that can destroy us. Based solely on Emails from #SethRich
Do more reigning in, Senator. tRump is getting out of control.
@POTUS ,and the American people will work together, to rein in @SenSchumer ! Demacrats a slow to figure out, America stands with @POTUS ! 
#toughacttofollow.  That's what I admire about you Sen Schumer

#SWAMP
Wait. You passed it for political reasons & not becuz it's best for the American people. #AlwaysNegative #politicalhack
Thank god your the minority leader and not @POTUS
Veer off track?  When has he been ON track?!
Have the additional decency,
Senator, to rally your long standing GOP Senator relationships to save our Democracy and remove Trump
Very right , that is why the founding fathers of US , India and other great nations made a system of checks and balances
@POTUS didn't veer off track. Congress is the ones off track. Your arrogance has no bounds.
Schumer, POTUS was responding to Russian interference with collusion by democrats, DNC, Wasserman, Clinton, Podesta, and Obama. Etc.
Sanctions is a shield to cover Dems dealings with Russia and their fake investigations with RINOs.  It does not make sense, Senator.
The brilliance of a great leader is getting troublemakers to follow without realizing it. Thank @POTUS for his tactical skill & leadership.
It was an arrogant Congress doing what shameless arrogant power hungry politicians do. It's no model for the future.
#unitenotdivide #ethicsareok
Where is bill protecting Mueller? #TrumpRussia = end to @realDonaldTrump in office. Hence all the lies about not being #PutinsPuppet #PeePee
He isn't veering off track! He's derailed! Thank you for your work with the sanctions.  Please continue to fight for our democracy!
I hope it won't be needed too much longer. #russiagate
Word
"When he veers off track"...when doesn't he?
If a president had to be reigned in the country has a serious problem on its hands. Nothing to celebrate here
I hope so.
Unconstitutional and will be challenged
That's good, but you can't spend the next X years reacting to his shenanigans.   Tell us there's a better plan than that.   Please?!
Who's going to rein in you? I'm betting not Mitch
#ImpeachTrump , you know you want to. That'd be the best bipartisan move ever!
Your a pompous fool
EAT IT SHITZOID.
You're wrong, mister. These republicans are lethal.
Please don't start thinking Rs will work w u, that's dangerous thinking. U never stood up for your own Pres Obama, now u will work w trump?
I despise our congress and our Senate for what they did to our President and our country by passing the sanct bill the way they did!SHAMEFUL
Oh Chuckie, you are such a fraud & liar+
Where were you when Obama was selling out America?
Blocking POTUS is not your job. Your job is to do right by the country. What have you done for us lately? Have fun at dinner with McCain
Both sides already block single-payer, campaign finance reforms and lots of other things voters want
I wish you would hurry up and finish the job because in case you haven't noticed, @realdonaldtrump is pushing us toward fascism.
Impeachment or 25 is the better choice since he has violated the Emoluments clause and is completely incompetent at oval office occupancy.
You should consider reining in the resistors.We need 2 work across the aisle to achieve MAGA which you're now calling a better deal copycatl
How about y'all work together to impeach him. Tired of his daily lies.
Even Pelosi & Reid couldn't match your Evil slime. @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RandPaul
@BroMark13 @POTUS 
YES!
@SenSchumer I respect you and admire what you do every day, but @realDonaldTrump committing treason is not veering off track. #ImpeachTrump
When has Doll Hands Trumpov been "on track"? Care to share that exact moment?
When held by Putin?
Yes please reign him in
You own this going forward you putz
You are such a snake  in the grass. Lol nobody trusts you

Stephen Miller just hit the jackpot.

The left uses immigrants as human shields for their political agenda.…
That's rich coming from you, Chuck. You and @TheDemocrats are so far off the tracks that you don't even know where they are anymore.
You have no concept of the timing of events that brought us to this point. Obama did NOTHING about Crimera. @POTUS cleans up Os mess again.
Rein in potus?? Can we rein you in when you move at a snails pace to confirm POTUS appointments that are needed to run government?
Work together to remove this traitorous fraud from the White House next.
How about reining in you Dem's?
Work for a change.
IT SHOULDNT BE NECESSARY!!!!!  IMPEACH HIM ALREADY, JESUS!
Democrats stuffed the bill with so much crap , you can smell it from Alaska
Smart idea would be keep Ryan and McConnell out of the mix. There must be some moderate GOP.
He is not POTUS but BLOTUS. Bloviating Loathsome of the US!
Yes. So let's work on fixing the subsidized insurance policies and other fixes thru experts and facts, not politics, to Obamacare.
He needs to be reined out of the WH. We're in big trouble here Senator
There is no track
Which is all you and your band of thieves want to do isn't it Chuckie! Make sure he fails? You're an ass.
A model for the future? If you had vetted that nut job we wouldn't be in the mess we are today.
I love you're all banding together against Trump. Keep up the good work
I wish it were a model for the present. Congress has got to get it together and work for the people and give up petty vendettas.
There is no reining him in he is a rogue imposter
cry baby schumer
Praying his future reign will be curtailed sooner than later!
Impeachment should be the new Congressional model.
Him staying on track is just as bad. How about we move closer to removing the whole administration, or at least impeaching 45?
Please show the American people that you guys can hold it together. We are a country without a leader. We have a mad man in the oval office
Did you get back the Plutonium that Hillary gave them?
IMPEACH HIM before he decompensates and gets us all killed!!!!!!!!!!
A better solution is for Congress to step up and invoke 25th Amendment. Or impeach. It's obvious Trump is unfit, delusional, and dangerous.
Getting a criminally incompetent President impeached and out of office would be a better model for the future.
Whos going to rein in you
And what did this accomplish except waste time and annoying Putin, heaven forbid you should actually do something of value.
When doesn't the #orangeclown veee off track? He's a train wreck. Please please Mueller hurry up and get him OUT. We same Americans r sick
WHO'S GOING REIN U IN?
Luv you all. Work together and everything will be ok. God Almighty bless you all. 
no much longer, please?
To get her? #sexist
GOP is destroying our country. We must act soon IMPEACH!
Congress has lost all credibility  - what a shameless way to self enrichment
Sanctions Bill entirely based on FAKE NEWS, zero evidence, no documents, nothing but hype.   Democrats hate non-communists in Russia.
 ur job 2set Disgustus. They voted him N he's their guy.They try 2help ur guy, @POTUS44, NO!! More u tweet more don't  u. HATE a follower
Read revelations 21.8
Hopefully a very very short future
