How?
His party hung law enforcement out to dry+liberal media propagated false narratives to help fan the flames cuz they want ratings over truth
So... he's responsible for the media? It's all kind of a stretch, right? To say he has blood on his hands? Kinda hyperbolic.
Liberal media completely fabricating stories to further dem agenda/policies? NRA=advocacy group so biases are in the open.
What's your take on the Russia thing? Seems obvious that Trump at the very least knew what was going on and may have actively took part
like gray area to inexperienced politician-also appears coulda been a set up-from practical standpoint sellin USSR uranium like HRC is worse
So if Mueller comes back and files espionage charges against Trump and his cohorts, what will you say then?
Maybe the democrat party should change its tune and actually support our cops, instead of inciting violence against them. #BackTheBlue
Nice try, but until you backward Republican Elmer Fudds pass some gun laws e.g.backchecks no military type weapons this will not stop
The left and Obama had a lot to do with the the violence on our police and it continues
Give them room to destroy
Please do something to prevent this in the future - #dontjustcheckyourbox -it will never be acceptable & people ought to know #zerotolerance
The problem is you woke !
please resign now and then I will be happy
And you don't feel guilty of supporting BLM for their quotes of "What do we want dead cops"? No outrage for their call for killing cops? Sad
Heartbreaking
You don't care about the NYPD or you would be advocating for them.
The "stats" in that picture are incorrect. Its been stated many times before.
That comment makes no sense.....
And it wasn't republicans that did it. And it was with a criminal with a gun not registered...stolen.
U SHOULD KNOW @SenSchumer  THAT YOU ARE ONE OF THE REASONS COPS ARE BEING KILLED AND BEING EXECUTED.
STOP DIVIDING US ALL!
HELP @POTUS #MASA
So are you proud of your hare rhetoric?
Please stop Chuck, how many more must die due to your hate
God bless the NYPD until the next time you condemn them? #BullSchumer #NYPD
I DON'T THINK YOU HAVE ANY CONSCIENCE AT ALL FOR ANYONE BUT YOURSELF @SenSchumer 
STOP BEING TOO HYPOCRITICAL!
STOP LYING!
STOP TALKING!
YOU R SICK @SenSchumer  
REALLY SICK!
INSTEAD IF HELPING OUR @POTUS @realDonaldTrump KEEP AMERICANS SAFE, U CONTINUE TO LIE & DESTROY DJT
@chuckschumer U ARE 1 OF THE SICK POLITICIANS WHO KEEPS INCITING VIOLENCE & WHO'S AGAINST COPS PROTECTING THEMSELVES!
HOW HYPOCRITICAL OF U
May her memory be eternal.
U support BLM? "What do we want dead cops when do we want em now". "Pigs in a blanket fry em like bacon". Remember? I & millions others do
you are such a hypocrite. How can U & @BilldeBlasio offer condolences after all the disparaging things U both said about #NYPD.
Maybe you shouldn't give Credence to a terrorist group Black lives matter who paraded shouting pigs in a blanket fry em like bacon
You hate cops !!! Get real ! Shame on you and the Dems !!
Hey, Chuck, donate money to help her children and family! http://nydn.us/FamiliaFund 
THIS IS HAPPENING BECAUSE OF DEMOCRATS AND OBAMA ADMINISTRATION SPREADING HATE ACROSS AMERICA
DEVASTATING 
term limits, term limits, term limits, term limits, term limits, term limits, term limits, term limits, term limits
Your fault! You are feeding the hate and anger in this country
Maybe you and your party should stop spreading hate everyday.

WHY in gods name is this not getting coverage?
May she rest in peace. And He in hell
You should bring back stop and frisk and support the police. Your part of the Shadow Government. We all know what your doing. You & Obama!
Your party/the Obama Administration set the stage for people killing our officers.BLM has called for it continuously.Blood is on your hands
NYC seems to be headed for violence just like Chicago.  What are you and Blasio doing about it?
Get your fellow Dems on board and Back the Blue!!!

Well you better get more gun control laws to disarm the citizens, we know those criminals obey them laws Chucky just look at Chicago!
hypocrite. You don't care. You will stand with shooter's family
Where was this so-called "god" when the officer was attacked!? On vacation!? You people keep worshiping an utterly impotent, imaginary deity
The Democrats called for violence in the streets, Michael Moore is the latest, this police officers blood is on his hands, and those of Dems
Bernie Sanders and Obama said to get in people's face and you got to go after them.
Your party has constantly called for people to go to the streets and cause mayhem Bernie Sanders Hillary, just a few days ago Michael Moore!
Breaking: Schumer shows his lack leadership by pandering what others tell him. He has few ideas to help. Not his own man. Losing his voters
Your Resistance and Black Lives Matter folks have incited this kind of hate for police - SHAME!
If you really give a damn chuck maybe you should do something. Her blood is on your hands and all NYC dems
Praying for her family and all police who put themselves in harm's way everyday
So sorry for the loss of Officer Familia. Condolences to her family.
I want to know about you calling the flight attendant a *itch. Hypocrite! You think you're above the rules?
I wish u really meant it!!

Chucky you never said anything good on police
Prayers for her family and all of the other officers!
Like you give a fuck..

You, Obama, and dem leaders can take credit for enabling the anti Police issue in this country.
R u crying over this more than the fake #MuslimBan -
You know his crying over any nonexistent #MuslimBan is nonsense. Remember this REFUGEE PAUSE he proposed? 
Hey Chuckles your roomie Durbin did better in Chicago 89 shot 12 murdered
this is the only intelligent thing I've ever heard you say or write God Bless her & her family
Racist liberal incitement
But not terrible enough to consider death penalty I suppose?
According to reports she had three kids..
Pray for them
A Conservative probably killed her because she was black
Keep dreaming bud, 90% of those who are killing police are Democrats
In the state you created.
Her blood stains your hands, you have fed the hate & violence against our police with your rhetoric God bless PO Miosotis & the NYPD

You look fake when you only pick what you want to stand behind crying chuck
Still waiting on you to tell the American public how mean the Supreme Court decision is. Like you did when President Trump did his.
Better hurry back from the Hamptons and find a TV camera!
Why don't you run to the tv cameras and cry about this. Oh wait its not illegal immigrants that are being shot.
Too many tragic news stories like this.  May she Rest In Peace.
Maybe now you will stop ignoring the #hatespeech against #police by #BlackLivesMatter ?
Prayers for her family!!
what a clown you are
Blessings & love.
How about U get rid of lib judges that let the criminals run free&sanctuary cities R terrible.Ret NYPD here Giuliani backed us. NYC was safe
Don't just Talk and Obstruct do something about it! #CNNBackmail #CriminalNewsNetwork
Work with POTUS to make America Safe Again stop being an obstructionist allowing more people to DIE.
Real blessing a bullet is, eh?
I blame you Chuckie, @SenSchumer and your party.  #Democrats #PoliceBravery #BackTheBlue
What a tragedy. It's sad that the obama administration and the left wing has pushed an anti-police rhetoric for the past 8 years.
Now you are saying God Bless, you promote resist and blow your rainbow whistle, you don't want to lock up criminals., u don't support police
Thanks to you and the democrats.
Shut up schumer! This is your fault and the rest of the democrats for supporting groups like BLM. Our POs around the country r in danger!
Where all the rioting from my people we are quick to do it when it's w vs. b but when it's black on black just another day right
Yup & schumer just keep on encircling hate as u butt clowns r so good at divide & conquer except u will not b the victor u lose too
Just another day in a State run by democrats.
Prayers up
Maybe you & hateful Dems should stop obstructing & start being productive. Dems=party of hate & tolerance which leads to tragedy like this
We are a country of GUNS! So sad the NRA is so powerful! Some countries don't have them at all! "It's our right!" Oh for God's sake!!
You & Mayor De Blasio disrespect Police! Blood on your hands! @FoxNews @nytimes #RespectBlue
Cmon Chuck, you don't REALLY think that's terrible.  You stand with those who hate the police, hate our flag and hate America.
Do you renounce the Obama/Holder/Lynch Era promotion of hatred toward police officers?
It's awful, you going to do anything but give lip service? Bring back the death penalty
Crocodile tears! "I support abortion but don't kill one another." Your heart's in the right place but your head is way up there.
My she RIP my thoughts and prayers are with her family and NYPD. 
It's a tough job our police do every day and I thank them for standing up.  Bless this officer and her family
Chuck you've done nothing to denounce the hate cop rhetoric so take a hike. You are the ultimate hypocrite
What are you doing? You have an obligation to do what is right. Quit grandstanding, crying, & showing your a**! Quit being a low-rent actor!
None of us want to hear news like this. I wish your party wasn't so anti-cop.
You are a hypocrite your policies & agenda lead to this
'God bless her family.'

Aren't you afraid you'll offend someone by invoking God?
Your empty tweet isn't needed. YOU are the problem!
This is what happens when you insist on resistance... Bloods on your hands @SenSchumer
Your party is helping incite this kind of violence.   Hope your proud of your parties direction 
prayers and love to family , NYPD and entire community. God bless
@SenSchumer YOU ARE AN ALCOHOLIC, NEVER SOBER. YOURS WORDS MEAN NOTHING.
@BarackObama Started thisWAR against our policemen when heSaid that police in Cambridge"acted stupidly"in arresting a BlackHarvardProfessor.
Yeah, like Schumer really gives a damn. Ha!
Anna, get help immediately.
Can you recommend your therapist for her?
Anyone one bashing either side of the aisle because of this is disgusting. A wife, daughter and mother died protecting and serving.
The 15 year old did not do a thing wrong and CNN did
Gun control.  Health care(includes mental health..) 
Yes RIP.
.@NYPDnews Officer Miosotis Familia ...and we pray...
What a tragic loss. Prayers
A beautiful woman's life taken. And for what? Just heartbreaking! No respect for human life! No respect for cops. What have we become??!!
Mr Schumer, the Dems love you! You speak & fight for us. You work 4 everyone, laws & bills that support compassion 4 ALL. You have a HEART!
God bless her family, the NYPD, the Bronx, NYC, and LE brothers and sisters.
You caused it
Sanctuary city's new York caused this.  Blood of any officer is on the hands of the Mayor the Governor and you sir.
Prayers for her family!
Horrible!!!!

Prayers for her family
Spare us your phony blessings!

You Demonrats & your MSM puppets created the hatred against our police!

Her blood is on YOUR HANDS!
#NYPD
You are out of control...
So sorry!
What does that mean, "war on cops"?
awful news. No respect out there
So does that mean republicans are against unarmed or legally carrying black men getting shot? Don't be dumb with generalizing everyone
Thank you. It's a terrible state of affairs when citizens edit video, lie and kill PO's, yet refuse to give PO's info to capture criminals.
Only hate post from the alt rights. They do not care about the officer.   Just love to spew venom.
Sad sad sad.
Lol
@CNN @FoxNews @GOP @DNC @POTUS Why should democrats be surprised? Your party touted Ferguson mother after son proved to be criminal!
@SheriffClarke @seanhannity The Democratic Party and fake news CNN has become the party of hate, bullying and violence against the police!
#CNNBlackmail #BoycottCNN @ATT @ATTCares @realDonaldTrump @JamesWood24 @AdamSchiffCA @SenBlumenthal
This is on @DNC & ur support of groups that pushed police hate, you've become party of militants, 8 yrs it festered.
Woke to the terrible news that Officer Miosotis Familia was shot & killed in the Bronx overnight. God bless her family & the NYPD.
How's those strict gun laws working Chuck.
Condolences to the family.
You're part of the reason she was shot chucky... but yea, cue the tears...
I didn't even respond, and this... enjoy your safe space
hey chuck remember when you said for every blue collar voter you'd lose you'd pick up two white collar voters in the suburbs
i just want to make sure you remember that and i don't think you've publicly addressed it, or at least not that i've ever seen
to the fuckin blind faith trump idiots who think he gives a shit about you or america who are liking this, im salty, not gloating
Take care of your police fire and citizens...quit worrying what Russia doing
Finally you to said something listen to. Prayers for the family.

I would debunk you but I couldn't expect you to be sane after losing so badly.
Ok don't debunk but tell me what your talking about.
I was talking to @ILoveHillaryC
How very sad!  Such a terrible loss to NYPD and many blessings to her family!  All my love!
Believe me.   The racial devide and sponsoring of anti social rallies are on you and your ilk crying chuckie
D-I-V-I-D-E
Maybe now you will start backing the #NYPD instead of backing thugs & criminals Youre a disgrace to #NYC  Time to call it quits #Chuckles
Was that a sanctuary city @SenSchumer that breeds crime 

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or institution they are all nut cases
Looks like the killer was a citizen criminal, but the officer was an immigrant. Do you recommend deporting the corpse? #KeepAmericaGood
Stop sanctuary cities no more corpse
You say God Bless? You a follower of the Anti Crist?
Even more justification for gun control.  People who shouldn't have guns are committing murder.
Its CRIMINALS with guns who are committing crimes Do you think any if these degenerates bought their guns legally? Wake up already
Turns this into a gun control talking point in 3.. 2...
Yeah man, why talk about gun safety after someone dies to reckless gun violence, how inappropriate
Very Sad indeed.  Prays for her family and friends.  God bless the NYPD.
That's a Democrat ran town.
God bless her family and Mr Shumer for caring and bringing it to our attention. God bless her co officers too. Always tragic. Background s
it's not just violence against officers violence against women is skyrocketing in this country. God bless that officer and her family
And violence against minorities.
.@BilldeBlasio = #Douchebag 
#NYPD needs to turn their backs to both of them again. Put criminals before police @NYGoingBlue
like you care
Being critical of police brutality doesn't exclude caring about the lives of officers.
smuck chuck only pretends to care. this cop was killed in retaliation for garner, smuck spoke against cop then,
