Thank you Senator 4 your gracious speech last night, even more important to be gracious in victory than it is in defeat. Let's get to work!
He hasn't tried to help this insurance his self in 8 years that was a political speech only
Marianne, those of us working to reform health care know that as soon as a member of #MAGA turns up, we must be doing everything right.
Chuck Schumer has not tried to help at all he even announced at the beginning in January he would stop everything and he has
Glad you think one man has that mich power
I don't. I think @SenSchumer has to lead by example on bipartisanship. We all have 2 cross the aisle and work together. Team USA Let's go.
He's been asking for GOP to reach across and find bipartisan fixes for awhile now.
One thing about California that's frustrating in our area we're not San Francisco we're not Hollywood and our vote counts very little
Back atcha. Kudos to @SenateDems for holding strong and being on "the same page."
Thank YOU, Senator. Stand strong for the American people.
If he's not your president you're in the wrong country and Chuck Schumer isn't paying for insurance like I am and have no doctor
Congratulations! You own our failing health system. #obamacare
No love, 45 threatening to de-fund it does.  Even the healthcare companies say it's stabilizing.  Nothing is perfect out of the gate
In my part of the country or part of California having Obamacare is like being uninsured
Let's be clear this fight was for you not the uninsured
Tried to reach out many times this fight isn't for us it was for you and your party which I used to belong to
When you donna stop paddling bull shit and start doing your job?
How about you fix your messed up state before anything else ???
Thank you, Senator Chuck Shumer
Why are U thanking Shumer? What has he accomplished? Why has he not condemned ANTIFA the TERRORIST GROUP, supported by SOROS?

You love it so much  you can be on it

Why did Obama exempt  you all from Obanacare. Could it  be because  it sucks.
Dems at war w/ middle class, middle of country. Only care about their voters, alt-left, ultra rich & very poor. Gouge middle class 2death.
Hear nothing from you re: campus sexual hazing, sex-trafficking, child porn/tourism, sex explicit media predators. #SearchlightsOn
you don't care about the silent majority do you chuck?
You missed a spot during the dusting.
Dems & media (1& same) incite alt-left, ultra rich, tax TAKERS (welfare) to riot, protest common sense & screw American tax PAYERS again.
If Chuck was showing leadership he would join on reforming the mess the dems made, not voting for failure, its not us verses them
Those words are BS and you know it Chuck !
Thank you! I'm not covered- fall through cracks. Hoping for single payer so I don't die.
Chuck, I think I just puked. We talked about this tweet. I thought we agreed it was way over the top.
In fact if its so great why did you dumbasses waive yourself from being covered by it????? Tell us that!!

I have three letters into the governors office detailing NYS issues - sent in multi times over months -
No response...
$51,000 emergent helicopter ride for my son is unacceptable! Need reform.

SHAME ON YOU .Democratic Party IS EVIL .OUR POTUS IS THE BEST WE EVER HAD.GOD BLESS HIM.
The fight was for obama and Clinton not the American people.  You should go hide your head in the sand!  Shameful!
I speak for tens of millions of Americans:  THANK YOU. JOB WELL DONE.
You speak for yourself and NOT FOR TENS OF MILLIONS OF PEOPLE.
Now will you please stop them from gutting our school system, Pell grants.  Please.
DeVos is the bad guy there.   Get her thrown out.
She couldn't be the bad guy if her leaders was a good guy.
Both r bad for all schools.
Now we need to fight n make petitions to have trump impeach soon democrats will be able to abolish all trump abusive inmorals agenda
Not really because peace, Ryan and the rest of his administration is just like him. Ryan is the worse.
Yes ryan the worst they help trump get elected thinking that they would be able to dominate but is the other way trump creating war war 3
@SenateDems your a stooges
https://twitter.com/RedNationRising/status/891408862124834817 …. So why are illegals getting Medicaid?
Illegals don't get free benefits? Here's a letter from San Francisco's Medicaid program encouraging illegals to use Medicaid 
Including those who fight raised their voice to keep their Second Amendment rights and protect themselves? ... oh wait.
@SenateDems You thought for healthcare which you needed a XO in 2013 to stay with! Hope @POTUS pulls the plug! Welcome 2 Hell
Thank you Sen. SCHUMER.This fight is for all Americans. Thank you for your hard work and tears for all of US(A).WE LOVE YOU BACK.WHATS NEXT?
A bunck of paid "anarchist "
Now work on the prices of the premiums so this can stop.
you're a big time scam artist!  You will be caught.
Thanks for nothing Chuck.  As my premiums continue to explode and I can't afford them anymore. I want you on the same insurance we have.

We will fire ALL of you by cutting your benefits so you quit & we re-vote! #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Dobbs #Tucker
Wish you would go away!!!
What about a thank you to Senator Mazie who flew countless hours to vote NO, despite her stage 4 cancer?  She saved the day, too.
If you were "doing it for US"  VOTE #Medicare4All
Thank YOU, sir, for unwavering support of real people. I stand when you come on TV. And make my one voice heard for equality, liberty, truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5gLbo4KtaY …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKUrJ5Jug7I …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7MU2UDFhhM …
Yes thank you for keeping my premium sky high. Thanks again for taking away my doctor as well. Fix the god dam HC law that is not working!
Thank you Senator. We must keep up the good fight.

Special Prosecutor Robert Muelller flew to Moscow and gave the FSB 10 grams of Highly Enriched Uranium (HEU) in 2009 https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/09STATE85588_a.html#efmBbpBlP … 
We the people that work cannot get these subsidies.  So don't be so quick to thank them.
What he forgot to tell everyone is that the Senate instead of suffering from OC formed a small business to get 12,000 in subsidies
Sessions shld not be moved to Homeland Security.   Trump will use as excuse to fire Mueller,  he is GUILTY.   IMPEACH HIM.
We need to fight hard trump is angry cause he didnt get to wipe obamas name nnohes abusing people n threatening many we need to take him out
Trump sabotaging Obamacare, an existing law.. is it an "Abuse of Power"? can he be Impeached for it?
You and all democratic are f liar  you don't care about American people maybe you should go on Obamacare and see if you liberals like it
I raised my voice - you didn't listen. I'm still without health insurance.
Make America Kind Again.
And how much do you pay your demonstrators and protesters now. I am out of work. Would protest for Trump but he does not need to pay for his
you all need to get behind @SenSanders for his Universal healthcare! Consider gutting Insurance companies and join the rest of the world.
Is Trump ABUSING POWER by ORDERING Sessions to take unpopular actions to build support so Trump can fire Sessions?
The petulant child wants millions of Americans to suffer & thousands die if he doesn't get his way.
Bravo awesome protestors, for never giving up and relentlessly fighting for healthcare, a basic human right
Gracias, Chuckie
People don't be fooled...he is the scum of earth and doesn't care about anyone but his self!  Lined pockets  Soros
You  are the fakest person I have ever seen in life. You have lied to the American people for years. It is time for you to leave.
It is time for all senators to have same coverage like us the people.
You should not have privileges 
Suffer like we do !!
@SenSchumer 
@SpeakerRyan 
@SenJohnMcCain 
@lisamurkowski 
We want our President to sign executive order removing your exemption .
It's for our pocket book!
#GiveAmericansAccess to your health to be fair. Why the divide. Pirates
#GiveAmericansAccess to your healthcare Chuck
@realDonaldTrump @SenateDems @SenateGOP I want to know what is being done to get this cruel psychopath out of the White House #UnfitToServe
Thx 4 not celebrating
The Koch brothers need to be dealt with. There pushing the gop to repeal ACA throwing 100rd's of mill. of re-election money around. #Resist
No, it isn't. It's for your global progressive narrative.
Look at the pic he posted. Rioters. The same kind who shot our congressmen and threaten them w/death. Liberty is stolen through Socialism.
Thanks Chuck, this is just the beginning so, pace yourself
Thank YOU!
Thank you Senate!
Thank you senator Schumer you are a great man
Thank YOU @SenSchumer and all @SenateDems for standing firm for our care! #ProtectOurCare
Obamacare will morph into single payer.  If Gov has 2 cover your HC, they will find ways to cull the pop.  Oops!  contaminated vaccines!
Destroying Medicaid by expanding it to help pay 4 the burden of illegals, drawn 2 sanctuary cities & states.  Not healthcare,welfare & U pay
Socialism confiscatory taxes corrupt over arching social programs marriage penalty terrible with holding wages anti job regs limousine libs
Whatever Demorat crooks do, you will find illegal aliens benefiting more than citizens.  They only show citizens, but biggest takers R alien
Biggest takers of Medicaid Expansion, sanctuary states, like Chucks. Take 40% of nat'l budget, give to illegals as HC, detracts from your HC
Dems will continue to take 100% funding thru Medicaid Expansion 2 give 2 able bodied persons of working age?  It's welfare, not Healthcare!
tell this parent who kid suffers-Thanks to Obamacare, Little Boy With Spina Bifida Couldn't Get the ...
http://www.lifenews.com/.../thanks-to-obamacare-little-boy-with-spina-bifida-couldnt-get-th …...
Thank you for standing up for us!
Unless you're in a county with no plans for '18 in which case Chuck says, " tough luck."
Nothing mattered except @SenJohnMcCain who became @TheDemocrats officially. Only due to brain tumor would he side with you.
Message to Dems: Your fight is for the POOR and you @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump DEMS HATE the middle class @WhiteHouse
Your fight is for the POOR and the DEMS hate the middle class !!!! I'm poorer than the poor from health care costs #demshatemiddleclass
Thank you Senator Schumer for your leadership and commitment to justice, value of each man and woman in this country.
U rock.U said we r not celebrating but relieved!,classy.Shoe on other foot Rep and Trump would throw a parade  BASH Dems.So glad I'm  Dem.
It is time Congress reflected the diversity in our homeland.  Let us labor for a more balanced Congress & WH reflective of our people.
It is my hope that we can effectively deal with gerrymandering, Citizens United, and the lack of leadership & integrity in the WH soon.
Chuck is 2 busy voting against any pro 2A legislation 2 advance gun rights 4 his constituents. He would rather us be unarmed victims!!
OBSTRUCTIONIST and LIAR!!!!

Blah blah blah
Stand up and take a bow#resistance U R something else-U really R.
Amazing tenacity/strength/unity/organization/belief ETC...& love 
Schumer you BS everyone how you went into politics to help people and you have only made a fool of yourself being minority leader
Chuck U should not have any private healthcare. All of U should be required to subscribe to an ObamaCare  exchange today!
IT IS FOR YOU AND YOUR DEEP STATE CRONIES....  LIAR AND LAUGHING STOCK OF WORLD SANE PEOPLE
Don't you mean obstruction at the expense of the country.
We continue the fight! #StandWithDems #Unity
@SenateDems. And Thank you Mr Schumer.   You did it for us
Great job Sen. Schumer.  Thanks for your efforts.
THANK YOU @SenSchumer   FOR YOUR SERVICE.
Thank you for your amazing resistance!
Keep up the good work, senator!
Encouraging more anarchy Chuck? You are a despicable evil man.  I pray the Lord turns your heart against forces of evil in Jesus name Amen
Healthcare is a disaster and you and the rest of the Dems are responsible. Government has no business in healthcare
You celebrated after denying it, that millions will be paying thousands in fines & have no healthcare, because it's unaffordable. Bast*rds
Be proud to be the party of healthcare for all, clean air & water, civil rights, etc! Be proud of it! Never be shy about it!
Now let's get real about healthcare. ACA is still too expensive. We need Medicare4All. Same coverage for everyone.
Agreed, let's use this momentum. Democrats must push the conversation forward. Medicare for all #Medicare4All #MedicareForAll
Thank you for your no vote!!!!!All oh you!!!
First tweet you got right lately! 
We thank you and @SenatorDurbin and all the @SenateDems ! We did it together! #SaveTheACA #FixTheACA #ImproveTheACA Insure more Americans!
This coming from a has been Schumer!
Mr. Schumer you are celebrating a travesty delivered to the American public by you & your minions. O'care is a failure. Shame on you!
I am sure your proud of these cop hating, anarchists fools
Glad we got over one hurdle. Now let's make sure health insurance is a right.
To all of the people who voted for @SenSchumer and raised their voices, "Pay my fucking bloated medical insurance because I'm tired of it!"
We will keep #resisting until America is free from the Trump Regime
Can we continue the fight to get a single payer system? This janky law we have now still doesn't address all of our problems.
If #Obamacare is soo great, why did you beg and plead till Obama signed an EO leaving you out of it? Spare us your pious BS #uniteblue
Now what are you going to do, Obamacare sold as a pack of lies is falling apart before our eyes. 100 percent Democrat caused problem.
It's for all of us. We can fix this. We Just Need To keep Pushing, Is our country, our rights and we'll fight until the end.
Even better news the ACA is on a death spiral.  When it dies and it will.  America will not have DC in the insurance business.
Henceforth forward it shall be called #McCollinskiCare
You do realize when they win single payer health care your going to be jammed right in the garbage care with the rest of the peasants right?
Yeah what about my family?!? I've been working since I was eight years old always pay my taxes but I can't bring my children to the doctors!
"This fight is for you." Don't take credit that isn't due you. The only reason you were fighting, is because the people were in the streets.
Next Fight,#SinglePayer!
Boy you're sure full  of a lot of thank you's now. You are not my type of representative. You don't have the guts. I've seen it.
Congrats you still own the failed health care system.....you own it!
Ya thanks Mr Resistance. We have to pass the bill to see what's in it. Remember that. 2700 pages of let us f the American people.
Chuckie you just suck.....


Yea right.  The fight is for you alone and the dem party.  Why did you not fix it years ago?  LIAR!
seriously?  Let me guess, you didnt read the Republican bills?  So bad they exempted themselves.
You didn't fight for me or my family. We are still stuck with the economic burden of Obamadoesn'tcare  that is about to implode.
YOUR MESS!
Thank you Senator Schumer for guiding a united Democratic Party. It couldn't have been done otherwise.
Goodbye health care as you know it
what about what Trump has been doing and will continue to cause Obamacare to fail?  Now trying to trash the FBI.
You remain an obstructionist and counterfeit politician Hopefully you will have lots of misfortunes and sad story's in your life How Sad Man
PLEASE GO BURY YOUR HEAD IN THE SAND, you are the leader of the LIARS CLUB, het real and stop lieing!!
Thank you for holding the Dems together. Also, thank you for giving such a nice "victory" speech.
the "fight" that is such a strange way to put it when u really think of it as "win" but what about all those that lost with nowhere to turn
The swamp must be drained and the denizens evicted.
As the slave whispered in Caesars ear while parading into Rome: 'remember sir 'glory' is fleeting'.
Thank YOU!
Wait until the 2018 medical insurance costs are sent out in October. Hide.
Thank you for your leadership. It helps hearing a clear, thoughtful person speak about the issues. I can't stand the lies & disrespect.
Why did you silence the floor after McCain? Fine either way, just wondering. Congrats to all.
Way to go Mr. Schumer and the rest of the Dems!  I may not agree many times, but great job holding the line.  ACA is here to stay!
What the hell is Schumer fighting? Citizens need health insurance period u know u want socialism & death to capitalism whites Jews legals ..
just don't cave in to the evil #gop
ppl need to suffer under #trump/#GOP
so they will have a reason to vote in 2018
Guess you're real proud. Uhhuh! Sure! Chucky at his best. Tooting his own horn.
@SenateGOP THANK YOU for voting NO for a  BILL that GOP knew was a FRAUD BILL. MAYBE now the SENATE can work together despite @SenateMajLdr
Proud to call you my Senator.  Now, how about #SinglePayerNow ?!!!
