Can you follow the law and not Kiss Trump's ass over an illegal attack without congressional approval?
Shut your trap Schumer
We need far better leadership than a man who seems to forget which country he works for whenever Iran is involved.
We win the minute you step down.
Take @NancyPelosi with you.  Both of you..worthless
Take your coastal views that have alienated the base and go away Trump apologist.
They picked the industry. Gov should get involved,  they survive great, if not, oh well
Shouldn't
LoL!! Let's give em "free" insurance on the tax payers dime!!  Barley insurance is a right, not a privilege!!  Clown.
Hey Chuck, what the heck, new Govt Program, lets go broke faster.
Even Einstein would be EMBARRASSED by ur Math!
Lack of Health insurance puts Americans at danger
YOU WILL COME TO SEE TRUMP AND PUTIN ORCHESTRATED THE WHOLE THING!
I call BULLSHIT!
Glad to see you're such pals w/ the beer industry. Maybe it's time to push for weed legalization. Or do you need another decade of studying?
What's your solution brain trust?  Maybe gov. assistance. Golf courses are having a rough time, what can you do for them?
pandering again Chuckie? Maybe you need a good cry.

How's the USDA holding up?
still bitchen and doing nothing else. @realDonaldTrump #draintheswamp
Why are you always being such an obstructionist?  Work with him!  He has only been in office 12 weeks. America first please mr. schemer.
You should thank Trump for that 
The future Sec. of Agriculture must know agriculture.
Thanks too you DEMOCRATS for the crab of obama care  . You DEMOCRATS are THE wors people's never see in this planet. GOO TRUMP TRAIN 2020
You are absolutely right Senator
What's the solution chuck? Force them to buy insurance also? Retire already, PLEASE
You have got to be,,, The Bigest Discrace to the American people!!; And to the Democrat Party!!!!;;;;
The duopoly of AB and Miller Coors purses the greatest threat to craft breweries
You gonna blame the Russians for that too! You got a real credibility problem.
Another Dem program?  Your a snake
I thinks you've been drinkin dat craft beer chuckles
I guess your führer bama left that out! So Republicans have to address it. No way osay!
Wow Chuckles now this is a issue we can agree on # resist.
Instead of notching about trump use some of your energy working on something worth while. Can you Chucky do that good ball
So no real jobs. Bring back industry
Wow your trying hard for nothing
and this is what you're worried about??? I'm hoppy to see you barley give a shit!
Very funny!
Happy Passover
Sen. Schumer, we don't need any more companies making beer. There are way too many drunk drives on the road already!
Let me guess, you want to subsidize craft beer with taxdollars then tax the working slobs who drink craft beer. What's your cut, Chucky?
Chucky your a nut. You need to start sitting in a cornerfor 2 hrs a day.
and the large beer conglomerates buying them up to stifle competition..
You selling beer now Chuck? Do you want taxpayers bail them out?
Stop kissing Trumps ass.  We need new leadership.
Brian Williams of the senate
Having a jerk like you on their side puts them in danger
Your policies and NY insane level of taxation is why places like Florida and Texas have a better brewery industry
A redundant question but Why it that your first answer to a problem is Govt. That should be the last option. Have you not screwed enough up?
not a priority
you lie you are inflating you need to get busy repealing Obama care or we will expell you
Chuck please keep fighting for us against trump..
happy passover senator
It is so hard to believe anything you say Mr schumer
True
Well fix it Chucky!
Guess they should be talking to private insurance companies.
Did you find another angle to control people and businesses? Keep your hands out of our pocket. No to big Gov't
Take the 4 million Coumo gave in Budget for illegals Attorneys!
Chucky work for the betterment of our country. You havent done a dam thing. Just like Oboma not a dam thing. Must be contagious
Quit complaining and get together with the rest of congress and fix the problem
Isn't that the truth
Just like your high premiums on the ACA put middle class in danger.  Help fix the mess instead of obstruct. You have no care for citizens.
That would be the private for profit insurance companies raising the cost of premiums.
I don't disagree. But one major point. Citizens forced to carry items in policies don't want and many cases don't need because of mandates
And many immigrants do those jobs.
Really? That would go to the growers of those crops not the buyers. Another stupid idea at  Government expense.
Tell that bitch McConnell to get me a nice wheat beer. And if he shakes it up again I'm getting the belt.
government constantly over reaching.
Save our beer!
I love IPA's as much as the next person, but would you mind speaking out against Mark Green for Sec. of Army? Very anti-LGBT person!!
Chucky, so quiet on Russia Trump Collusion?
The increase of pesticide use and decrease of EPA funding, along with relaxation of standards, puts us ALL at risk, no matter what we drink.
You're SERIOUSLY talking about ANYTHING other than TRUMP starting WARS
ESCALATING w/Nuclear NORTH KOREA

SERIOUSLY
No OUTRAGE
O.K., really???
Really checking off some boxes for campaign contributors aren't we
So tired of politicians like you Schumer complaining about things rather than you actually working to earn your very large gov. paycheck
so government regulations can protect them Chuck?
Chuck....Tough shit! Life ain't easy bud!
Matthew 21:32
For John came to you in the way of righteousness, and you did not believe him; but tax collectors and [1/2]
harlots believed him; and when you saw it, you did not afterward relent and believe him. [2/2]
