If approved they will kill my child. Please stop this. I can't take much more.They will sentence her to death. Her meds alone r $15k month
Troll bot goodbye
And so? Are you organizing the "detente" and getting 4 votes, at least, among GOP Senators? This is going to be all Presidential period long
#Obamacare #Obamacare sucked too & you voted for that w out even reading the bill. Your judgement is flawed. No 1 cares what you think.
Chuckles i can feel the beads of sweat on your forehead
Being able to buy insurance AFTER you're not well is not the way insurance works. It's not logical. It's not working.
Senator Schumer,  Medicaid is welfare.  Trumpcare does not eliminate pre-existing conditions.  Stop lying, fearmonger.
Health insurance companies run your healthcare today. Health insurance company's net profits were $13.1 billion in 2016, up 46% from 2015.
Do you really think tRump likes you? 
Tear it up. Fix the ACA
ACA IS HUMPTY DUMPY,  CAN'T NOT BE FIXED. IT IS SCRAP, START OVER.
Fear monger
NO NEW ANTHING ABOUT OBC
Health care CEO pay (in $ millions) 
Regeneron $47
Vertex $28
CVS Health $23
Johnson&Johnson $21
UniversalHealth $20
Merck $20
Abbott $19
Why do politicians on both sides of the isle value insurance companies' profits more than quality healthcare for all Americans?
Liar not true
You are a do-nothing politician and fear monger. You have done nothing to Advanced Healthcare and have been an obstructionist. resign!
Why does it have to be called trumpcare? I cant even say that idiots name. Oh wait, that's right he has to have his name on everything.
Sweet! 
You have become a liar.  GOP'S plan does not eliminate preexisting conditions.  Why don't you do something to get a new plan? # ACA BAD
To bad it doesn't include term limits. You guys are dragging your heels and the American voters are getting tired of your games and lies...
Just get to the bottom line: Trump care would hurt and kill Americans.

They aren't going to gut medicaid, fear mongerer. They will keep in place what's there now they just won't increase it. Tell the truth.
HERE U GO AGAIN SPREADING UR POISON!!!!
Good.  Once your house has burned down you can't ask for post-dated fire insurance.  Is healthcare different? You'd need a treatment plan.
Please cosponsor @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill. Would expand #ACA & insure more
It would not insure more. It will finish all but emergency care.
I am so pissed and tired of all your Damm lies. Scare tactics.
Lot a words zero proof! Scaring the snowflakes again.
When did u start reading a law u told congress to pass obama care without reading a word hypocrite political hack
Now that he likes you, can't you and Nancy contact your new found buddy Donald and ask him to help out?
You are ignoring the 25 EXCELLENT things about it. The two, you are using to keep screwing America
And .... takes chucky's slush funds. Your corrupt chucky.
I thought you were complaining nobody knows what's in GOP plan? Now you are just making things up!
OK LIAR SHUMER YOU HAVEN'T EVEN SEEN THE BILL AND NOW MAKING UP CRAP TO MAKE IT LOOK BAD WHAT AN ASS
Honorable principled Patriots .@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain, pls do the right thing. ACA matters more than #TaxCuts4Rich.
So what is your plan?
Neighbors on Medicaid yet can work and choose not http://to.Live  the free life have fun while working pl pay for them.  Gut it
Get out of dream world we're u think OC really helps pl.the only pl who support it r pl not on it.All my family on it vote to get rid of it
Still better than OC,  quit trying to defend something most people spend money on but can not use due to high deductibles.
Do you all see, or are you blind? This is not about healthcare. It's about power. It's about as many as possible being dependent
Does the gop think americans are that stupid not to protect themselves.
I'm tried of their stupidity.
They make me sick snd tired.
Disingenuous as usual. At least you dropped the "millions will die" narrative.
Fantastic... dialysis 3 days a week, without it, I die. Fun times.
you two were best friends last week. oh yeah you don't give a shit you primary rigger. Sanders 2020
Awesome, let's get it passed asap.  Fuck Obamacare.
Fingers crossed 
Don't forget it will drive liberals nuts.
Imran Awan
Sad
Yes totally. After september 30 we expect you to Cosponsor #MedicareForAll 
If you still want your job next time there is a election.
Everything gvmnt gets involved in turns to crap..
Keep your dr.'s.. keep your healthcare if you like it.. more lies.  Dems just can't stop themselves..
More scare tactics
And the country survives, does not go bankrupt
Please bare in mind; That Mr; Trump, and his Machiavellian team, do not  care if the poor have healthcare or not!! It's part of the plan!
It's not cutting Medicaid, there will be caps like there was before OBama chimes the entitlement
I don't see you coming up with any great ideas.  At least they are trying to fix the mess that you pass several years ago.
Let's not forget Schumer,  u along with all dems passed obamacare,  WITHOUT READING IT FIRST! U got us in this mess! # DEPLORABLE!
Meanwhile chuck tries to gut the Constitution.
You make me sick!  All u do is lie &spread hate! u care nothing for AMERICANS
Not good, be sure it gets shot down!
No!
Do democrat rank and file have any idea of what "insurance" is?   Do they know it is a wager against events yet to happen?
Lies
This is such bullshit!
And that's enough!
Chuckles, stupidity is a preexisting condition that has never been insurable.  Insurance was for events that could happen, not did happen.
no new trumpcare!!!!
When are you going to start reducing government expenditures?  20 trillion in debt is not sustainable.
I never seen any plan that eliminated pre-existing conditions.  You won't lie to us would you Chuck?
Hmm... I muted half the words on this tweet, yet it still shows up. Doesn't anyone have anything better to do than post this crap?
So offer an alternative that YOU are forced to pay premiums on.....then pigs will fly; its all about your fiefdoms in DC
just lies...
And here's what we know about you.
Just more lies and deceptions chuckle. People are on to your lies.
I was in the gallery for your Senate speech this afternoon.  Thanks for your undying support.
Well Chuck we should keep ACA cause that's helped all of 12 million Americans and hurt 120 million, good job
It's not his bill. Calling it Trumpcare is deceitful for political gain. Politicians can't help but lie even in 140 characters or less.
You lie chuck   NY made a bad mistake electing a liar
Fake Schumer
Blah blah blah liar old Chuckie boy
It does more then that. No universal health care, bad for everyone
Leave ACA. If it fails though are you going to take the blame or point the finger like you always do?
You want to see people mad? Keep pushing your disgusting Healthcare bill
Show proof.
Apparently it's okay if we let our people die by taking away their healthcare so the fat cats can buy another Mercedes.
By gut you mean putting Medicaid back to pre Obama care levels?    You bloated the system to the point where states can't afford it!
What are you prepared to do to stop this?
How did you know this before passing it?
If I lose pre-x protections, annual/lifetime caps, I will have to choose between bankruptcy or death, as will many other cancer patients.
Anything is better than ACA
Oh like the one Obama said You can keep your doctor and health insurance rates?  Get over it YOU LOST  MAGA
Such lies!

@DNC @FoxNews  Since you don't have an education in economics, and never owned a company, your opinion is worthless.
Can't read anything you say. You and your democratic cronies are all proven years
Oh do share, let me judge for myself!
Hey Chucky Thats right up there with the checks in the mail, you will earn more money on the new pay plan, and I have never done this before
Same as the last time. It failed. This will too. WE THE PEOPLE rules!!
Get rid of all of it.
Liar, it protects pretty existing your plan lied to America you lie now to protect a bad law
Yes, you've been silent on @SenSanders #MedicareForAll . You are learning an important lesson that's costly to other humans. #karma #human
Democrats = I want it free let the working people pay for it .
So work with him and make sure that doesn't happen. Many Repubs want all ppl covered but need Dems to make that happen.
SAY NO TO ALT-LEFT WACKO DEMOCRATS
How Graham-Cassidy kills pre-ex protections
Vox: How Cassidy-Graham brings back preexisting conditions via @sarahkliff 

https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/18/16330574/cassidy-graham-preexisting-conditions …
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Way to go Trump and Mitch
might be smart to read it first b4 u bad mouth it!
Who is your health care provider, Chuckie?
Here's what we know about OCare. It sucks. It sucks so bad you exempted yourselves and staff. Then made taxpayers subsidize your luxury ins.
Did you read it or are you just surmising again?
OF COURSE SHUMER DID NOT READ IT MAKING UP CRAP AGAIN
Surely that's not all! They have to come up with the$ to pay for tax cuts to the rich! NO SUCH THING AS TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS! 
 Re:Reagan!
Name any other time in mdrn history where more wealth and prosperity has been created for so many ppl?  It clearly has not been in lst 8 yrs
Do NY a favor tell the millions of people outside the box what it DOES & BTW Trump is rerouting concerns in the red box not ignoring them
BS your a liberal communist if you think this plan is worth wiping your butt with! It's a lost cause and I hope they keep it so u can have 0
Talk to trump he's your buddy! Have him veto and do a bipartisan bill!!
Preexisting cond. normally r people who say dont need insur. till they get sick then want it at same cost as people who have paid for years
Give ppl action points. Call yr Sens (202) 224-3121 AND Reps. Newbie help at http://5calls.org  . Visit http://trumpcareten.org  4 more
GOOD PEOPLE VOTE NO! HELL NO!!
Maybe but at least it isn't you have to pass it to see what's in it also giving control back to the states is what needs to be done
Please, don't let GOP repeal ACA.
This bill means death for me & my young son w special needs
Anyone who votes for this signs their career's death warrant
FIX. ACA.
#SaveACA
DOES NOT, STOP THE LIES
again???? wtf...just stop already.
Fake News Chuck
BS the plane intends to divide Obama care money into block grants for each state where the state decides how it is spent! Medicaid/Medicare
PLEASE save the American people, including your lower middle class constituents in New York! This is RIDICULOUS!
Please work with decent Republicans (if any) to prevent this disaster.
Fake news again!
False statements!!!!!!!
get your butt to work mr. senator
Here's your constitutes! They make you a ton of money don't they Senator! Along with 90% of the rest of all the senators! Corrupt that's u
"It'll be a lovely plan. You're going to love this plan. It'll be wonderful. Terrific. The best plan...lovely. It's great...everyone knows."
Big crock of BS!
Kills Americans. Which is exactly what puppet master Putin wants little Donald to do.
Yeah, that's it. 
Insurance for Elites is what Trump should call this third attempt to revive this disaster. Best to let it sink to bottom like the first two.
Maybe you should be spending more time trying to figure out how to work around it and make changes rather than complain and whine.
Guys Medicare? How? By not increasing? Pre-existing conditions? U lied about that last time also. U need to go Chuck. U r not helping any
Obamacare has gutted Medicare......hasn't paid nothing since Obamacare
BS!
Obamacare is the law of the land.  Remember, this is your mess.
Chuck doesn't care about Americans hurting
Here's what we know about #SchumerCare:
Seems like that should make it affordable. Should we keep Obamacare where it's cheaper to just pay the penalty and not have any insurance?
WAIT, there's more!
Yep your mouths moving here comes the lies
Can you help us understand why the GOP wants to destroy healthcare?
There's no health care that's affordable from this plan! Wake up and stop living in a dream world 
Kills people. Bankrupts people.
Where does it eliminate pre-existing?
Here's what I know it will do..... undo the worst legislation this country ever seen.  Sounds like we got a winner
