Why do you politicians authorize them to gather our personal info, and then feign umbrage when they completely vandalize us?
Another senior management gets away with a crime.   All should be on trail.  Insider trading.
Whose going to line your pockets the best Chuck? What is the "donation" level this time?
since Weiner inherited the Pakistani spy ring from you, were you the creator of it?? #AwanBrothers #Wassergate #CongressSpyRing
If he sold stock before notifying consumers he should be arrested and tried. Heard he got a big parachute. That's BS
Well, not "that" big - He only got an $18Million pension
Leaving 140 Million people vulnerable to fraud
Thanks! @AskEquifax @EquifaxInsights
Three senior executives sold stock after the breach was discovered but before it had been disclosed to the public. They should be jailed.
Yeah like getting rid of it and all credit reporting agencies that keep the middle class repressed.
He resigned.

Surely feeling a lot of pain.

Post his ssn.
Why didn't all your regulations prevent this???
NO WAY he should be allowed to retire and take that HUGE sum. #corrupt
A change of leadership, starting with Trump.
YOU HAVEN'T GIVEN ANY ANSWER-CHUCKY
Kind of like a change in leadership, and much, much more is needed for the Dems.
I agree but when will the Congress and Senate call for a change in leadership on the White House.  We are in a critical moment. #IMPEACHNOW
Schumer uses $$ to control how fellow democrats vote. If they don't vote his way no support, no funding for reelection!
Both parties! Career politicians are not prioritizing what is best for its people instead concern with power/control.
You work for what best for us. Stop using $ to control other Democrat Rep from voting for healthcare/tax reform.
Their solution is for the public to pay to fix it; thus, bearing the necessary financial burden is Equifax and not us.
Collect sensitive Personal/Financial information w/o consent-
Allow it 2 be hacked,
leaving 140 Million people vulnerable
= $18M Pension?
Another knife into what is left for those of us that aren't wealthy!  CEO doesn't lose.. it's the 143  million that are getting screwed!
Yep! Wonder how many millions he'll take away with him
Chunky really?
Now is the time to restore the industry.   Why are the consumers always suffer from harm caused by corporations. Lobbyists & Politicians.
Sort of like with the Democrats

We feel the same way about members of congress
You're my hero Schumer! What we would ever do without you ?!
He should be prosecuted.
Now make sure there's no golden parachute!
#equifaxbreach
How much is his exit package worth?
@foxandfriends    could say the same about all of congress!
Nicely Equifax is offering a scan to check if you might be on dark web. http://Equifax.com/scan 
Yes. Shut it down. They have compromised everyone's credit/private info AND insiders dumped stock.
At first glance I thought you were referring to Trump. Double entendre please?
America needs a change in leadership, as well! How much longer will we have to t put up with president doturd? Congrees, Earn your pay!!
The country has awaken. For decades the libs hide corruption. However there are too many cameras and too much access to info now, it's over
Congress needs to enact a comprehensive national data breach law.
How much stock did he sell off before the news broke?
LOCK HIS ASS UP!
A bill is needed to force them to comply
I'm sure he'll get a huge bonus and golden parachute on his way out, laughing all the way to the bank.
SENATOR THIS BREACH WAS PURPOSELY DONE! THEY WANT CHOAS FOR US ALL! THEY WILL DO MORE !SATAN IS IN THE CHURCH!
Government bureaucrats any better?
I agree Chucky, when are you, Pelosi, and the rest of your gang retiring?
Oh there for a minute I thought you actually came to your senses and was going to leave office.  My bad
You're claiming that you made this happen?  Ha!  You're pandering to the few who even pay attention to you.
Equidax first, @ussenate second?
How come that doesn't work for D.C.? Maybe a change in leadership on both sides might actually get things done. Pot, have you met kettle.
.

Not2worry @HouseGOP

 @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats

 @SenateDems #rhinos change is

Wait UR turn

Draing the swamp

Support ppl choice

.
Yep and the WH needs the same thing.
Speaking of leadership changes, how about some in do nothing Congress.
How much did CEO of Equifax donate to you and your Dem buds, @SenSchumer ?
he 'retired' and will get all his benefits and stock options as a result
Sound like he works for the government.
Retired? Should have been run out of town. How big was his parachute?
Like Equifax could answer their phones and fix their web servers so they don't give a 500 Internal Server Error. #WhatASham!
Yes and Chucky cheesy is just the man for the job.
Seeing as how he made over 11 million, how about he be fined?
It's not just Equifax. Experian & TransUnion have issues poor customer service. They should be looked at what their hacking protections are.

The company should be shuttered. Their grievous betrayal of trust does not deserve reward or renewal.
Funny when data is stolen in our government no one gets fired. Why is that.
Biggest problem in current era of Western civilization: no one is held responsible for their errors or incompetence, even if hurting others.
Much more = hold accountable. This is the today's Enron. Investigate.
Agree, no more than 2 terms for all congress
can we focus on #PuertoRicoRelief please?!
Hopefully you donated with your wallet and not your mouth 
Apparently no problem w Profit taking though huh Senator? Earning millions b4 informing Consumers just fine? @jimmy_dore @LeeCamp C wht u C
You can't call for crap in private industry. Their stock holders decide
Consumers should be able to OPT-OUT of any CRA database.
Yes, Like liquidating company and using assets for reparations to those whose data was hacked.
Nationalize it Chuck
You are talking about Congress, right?
#lockemup
