Lock her up...lock her up!!!
Ask the Clinton's and their cronies to give them back the money they stole from them. #haitians#crookedhillary
Talk to the Clintons about where the money for Haiti went.  Hold accountable the contractors who took millions for jobs never completed.
Really?  Ask Hillary to give back the $ she stole.
yeah, ask the Clintons to do what they were supposed to do w all the money they collected for HAITI!
Seems to me you need to take this up with Hillary & The Clinton Foundation
No wonder since the money for aid to Haiti went thru sticky Clinton hands.Can never  trust Democrats like them or those who shed fake tears.
Hillary and Bill made their millions....
So why not pursue prosecution of Clinton's (one more grevious act) against the Haitians by withholding the funds collected in their behave.
Haiti received 10Billion $ in aid never heard u ask for accountability of that money. What was the Clinton's take?
What a phony. Make the clintons payback the money they stole. Otherwise shut it
They hate @hillaryClinton. #ClintonFoundation was a joke. Truly despicable people, who surely know how to fool naive Americans & Haitians.
Maybe if your @billclinton didn't screw #Hati over they wouldn't need to rebuild. Why don't you get Laura Silsby in there to fix it?
That's Odd how did they afford @ChelseaClinton 5 million Wedding @HillaryClinton stole millions from Haiti her brother was given a Goldmine
Weren't Clintons in charge of rebuilding Haiti a few years back & given millions to get it done? What happened? Special prosecutor!
Don't let the Clintons near Haiti again.
Except with the money they stole from tgem.
This is why we need a special prosecutor to investigate the Clinton's. Bet you don't have the balls to call them out on it though.  Enabler
Ask HRC where all the money is ?
Talk to your friends the Clintons about that!!!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Ask the Clintons and cronies what they did with the billion$ of relief monie$ raised for the poor ppl of Haiti. @ClintonFdn #ClintonCash
Bc Clintons stole from them, investigate that!
That's because Clinton stole all the money. You Dems are the most dishonest people on the planet.
Talk to the Clinton they raised millions and gave 10% to help. They should have completely paid for that problem with that charity.
But I thought your pal @HillaryClinton was using her "foundation $$" to help them? More corruption from Clinton foundation!
If you're so concerned about the Haiti people Chuck @SenSchumer you'd help the Haiti people get the 2 billion the Clinton Foundation stole.
Did you get Clinton kick-back for turning your back on the corruption she commited withholding funds given to her in the Haitians behalf?
Take care of you own house before worrying about next door, America and Americans first.
We sent the president to DC to drain the swamp, and now all the vipers are coming out. Except you, you have more of a weasel look about you
This goof is so far removed from reality. I would like to see him locked up.
Mostly because of diverted funds to the #ClintonFoundation
Where did all the money go that Hillary took to rebuild Haiti
Tell the Clintons to return the donations chuckie
God tells us "we will know them by their deeds"! We are watching & we will see who the ones are who keep throwing rocks from glass houses ..
COME ON, any VOLUNTEER'S, Chuck? Pelosi? Graham? McCain et al?? Be a willing participant entrusted to run our country! Please, step-up!!
DRUG TEST for one, DRUG TEST for ALL~! So that "We The People" can decipher what's going wrong inside some of the minds, leading us astray~!
FEEL 'PICKED ON', a little? This is what you do Monday - Friday 24/7 to OUR PRESIDENT! Giving you a TASTE OF YOUR OWN MEDICINE, GUTTER RAT!!
YOU, Chuck Schumer, 'take the cake'! You ignore the REAL CROOKS & go after the people who's doing good~! What the heck is wrong with you??
Aren't the Haiti people still enraged over the scam Bill & Hillary pulled on them? Why isn't this something you're 'squealing about', huh?
Blah blah blah
Haitian Government Says Clinton Foundation Stole Billions in Disaster Aid! [VIDEO] -
Hey Up Chuck Schumer....what happened to all the $$$ raised by the Clinton Foundation to aid Haiti? #Corruption
LEAVE THENPOTUS ALONE U CROOK
SCHUMER HAS SOME OF THWT HAITI MONEY NOW WANTS MORE. Crook!!!
NOT A NJCKEL WENT TO HAITI BE A MAN AND STAND UP TO HILLARY (or did u get some?
Too bad Hillary has kept all the money we gave for Haiti what a shameful lack@the Clinton's are
Might want to get with the Clintons, I think they raised a bunch if money to rebuild Haiti and help those in need. Oh wait, they stole it !
Ask your pal Hillary to give Haiti back the money she stole from them.
Will the money and contracts be awarded to the Clinton crime family ?
You have a serious lack of awareness of how the public perceives the Clintons.
Where are the fake tears?  
Just tell your buddy Hillary to give back that stolen money.

@JamesComeyFBI Got Fired #JamesComey #FBIDirector #DonaldTrump #POTUS 
And do you plan to send Hillary back there to "help"? Just another money grap
Ask your crooked Hillary where all the donated money to the foundation for Haiti is!!
OMG @Potus Do Not Allow These Democrats Near Haiti Or Their Children! You Know Exactly What I Mean Don't You Chucky!
Major disasters like Laura Silsby and the Clinton child abduction squad. #Haiti
Call @HillaryClinton & @billclinton - ask what happened to the Billion Dollar Relief Fund!
Get them the $$ the Clintons owe them!
https://youtu.be/4PeO0SfCw5s  maybe this will help you find that money that didn't get to help Haiti. Where did it go?
Where is the Clinton foundation money
Looks like the ppl have spoken Chucky. 
The Clinton Foundation has been holding Haiti $$ reserves ... so check with them first.
Maybe the Clintons could pay them back all the money they stole?
Billions in funds from US, millions donated to Clinton Foundation to help Haiti.  Where did all that money go Chuck? Investigate.
Let's have some congressional hearings on how the Clinton Foundation & billions in aid to Haiti have resulted in nothing for country.
Hey Chuckie... why don't u tell the Clintons to give back all the money they stole from Haiti.. lol! U will always be a 

Clinton Foundation took all the money, where is it?
Good thing Clintons swooped in and saved them raising all that $... oh wait... never mind...
Ask the Clintons where the money went. Need ANOTHER investigation of Hillary.
Well tell Clinton to give them all those millions her foundation scammed from the recovery!
Call your pal Hillary she has it.
Hillary was SUPPOSED to do that
Where is all the money that @HillaryClinton and her foundation gave to Haiti gave to
Dumbest tweet of the day Chuck!
You really want to talk about Haiti? Ask Killary, she knows a bit about it.
Bill Clinton & his Dem clan promised to bring collected funds after Haiti's earthquake. Haiti is STILL waiting. Lead by example, then ask.
Of course they are! The Clintons took money to help but instead helped themselves to it! Dems you can be proud of, rip off those in need!#
What about the clinton Foundation? Where is all that money for the Haitans?
Have them stop by @HillaryClinton and pick up the money she stole. Maybe stop by at @ChelseaClinton for her to payback her wedding costs.
Hey, there is a great documentary called clinton cash where these scumbag politicians Rob these people of the money to rebuild their country
Haitians protested during election against Clinton
Should we send a check to the Clinton Foundation?
ASK YOUR DEMOCRAP BILLY?
Call Hill and Bill
Some of us pay attention Chuck. #ThisIsGettingSilly
You are reaching dude.
Ask #CrookedHillary where the money is from Haiti that they embezzled #LockHerUp
Well then Schmuck SCHUMER. Get all the money back from Hillary and her daughter that they stole from Haiti through foundation
Another clueless #dumbocrat
Your nasty candidate put nails in coffins there. You should save some tears for her she's going to jail. #DrainTheSwamp #ClintonCrimeFamily
Clinton transferred a billion to Qatar tell your criminal candidate to give it back.
Oh oh, did you really go there. Call HRC and tell her to give the money back.
Tweet this to Hillary, they pretty much made this happen. #stealingfromthepoor
All haiti people should investigate get a special prosecutor and sue her and democrstic party
Wait, what?
I thought @HillaryClinton saved them all...

you know exactly why,your loser friends the Clintons ripped them off giving their gold trade their crime family
Again # maga
YEAH HILLARY RAISED MILLIONS FOR THOSE PPL AND HAITI NEVER GOT IT! WOW STOP ACTING LIKE YOU CARE
ASK HILLARY AND BILL FOR MONEY THEY STOLE.
Ask @HillaryClinton and the @ClintonFdn  clowns where all those millions are that were donated for Haiti but all never given to them 
Pretty ballsy bringing up Haiti........
Maybe the Clintons could give them all the money they collected but kept??Let's talk about that?
Well maybe if Bill Clinton and Hillary gave the money that they collected for Haiti to Haiti they wouldn't be in such economic turmoil!
Hey Shmuck ask the Clintons for the money
Of course is "still struggling", why wouldn't they be? When you have a thief like Hitlery putting all the donated in her own pocket....
This is America, we have enough problems with democrats, don't care about foreign countries problems, America first.
What happened to all that $ the people sent to the Clintons?  Fool me once...
Should ask the Clinton's what happened to all the donations that the "raised" to help Haiti!!!?
Call Clinton foundation collected millions didn't give a dime
Thank God Bill Clinton raised all that money for Haiti! Call an investigation into that!
He was paying Monica
Chuckie spewing his big boy lies again?
thought the corrupt Clinton clan took care of Haiti
Call Clinton she has the money
Charge the Clintons with fraud, they stole money targeted for Haitians. Don't you dare use taxpayer money!
They got billions of taxpayer dollars when Hillary was SOS, no clue where that went either.
#Hillary's Brother #TonyRodham Landed Rare Gold Mining Permit in #Haiti Ask #TheClintons to give the money back http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/Hillary-Clinton-Tony-Rodham-Haiti-gold-mining/2015/03/06/id/628687/ …
Maybe bill and hilary should give back that millions they stole from the Haitian people, just a thought
See Chelsea's Wedding
Where's all the Clinton foundation money that was supposed to help Haiti?
Give #Haiti the money that @HillaryClinton gave you as "campaign contributions"
Chuckie's got some big  's posting this.
Didn't the Clinton foundation receive millions of $$ to help them after the last disaster? Oh that's right Chelsea got married & needed $$
Clinton foundation was worse for Haiti than any natural disaster could ever be.
A shame your pal @HillaryClinton screwed Haiti over w/her evil Foundation.  #lockHERup
probably wouldn't be struggling if Bill and Hillary hadn't taken all that money from them
Ask @HillaryClinton where the money went....Chelsea's lavish wedding! People like you just steal other people's money! #MAGA
Don't send in the Clinton global initiative people, they will just steal all the money. #Backtoworksenator
He just proved what Sarah H Sanders said, "purest form of hypocrisy" and I'll add childish to that! Term limits @POTUS
Will you pay attention to the comments? We all know about Haiti. Why would you tweet this?
Maybe you can return Chelsea's wedding dress that was purchased with Haiti's relief funds.
If Hillary would not have taken the money they would not be struggling right now bozo
They paid for Chelsea's wedding. They must be thrilled about that.
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenSchumer how many millions went 2 Clinton foundation4Hattie only 2 be in the pockets of Clinton's investigate
Well all that $$ HiLIARy collected and she kept 90%! WTH do you expect
Thanks to your pal Hillary
Thought the Clinton Foundation saved Haiti.
Dreamet
What happened to the Clinton Foundation and their committment of $$ millions foe the Haiti telief program.  Investigate it.  Corruption.
Why did Obama try to fast track their deportation back home right before the election?
Perhaps the Clinton Foundation will help....
Dont hold your breath
They are also recovering from the Clinton disaster.
You need to speak to #HillaryClinton abt #Haiti & #ClintonFoundation
Y dont all haiti people get together sue her investigate and get a special prosecuter
Saw Haitian people on T.v screaming at Clinton's for stealing their MONEY..
Where's the Money from the Clinton Foundation?
Clinton Foundation
This Cover Up Involving Loretta Lynch Just Got More Serious http://www.americanpatriotdaily.com/latest/cover-up-loretta-lynch/ …
The Clinton  disaster ?
Then run on down there are roll up your shirt sleeves Chucky. Do something REALLY useful for once in your life. #scammer #jackassalert
Investigate the Clinton Foundation and Tony Rodham.  Where was your outrage?
Maybe u need to give Hillary a call & ask where the money went in the Clinton Foundation targeted for Haiti.  Now that’s “mean spirited”
The Haitian people are still suffering because. The clinton foundation swindled away a ton of money from those poor people in Haiti.
