All I can think of when Chuck speaks is "Father, forgive him. He knows not what he does"
@chucktodd and Schumer.. Listen Up.. there will be NO Special Prosecutor! Those are ONLY used with there is Evidence.  There IS NONE!
And you need to come out of the Trumped up fog and see the real world.
You don't even know who the nominee is and you are already saying you will obstruct/block.  Complete nonsense by the liberals!  Shameful!
@SenateDems Turn over @DNC servers so @FBI can find the real Russian collusion @POTUS
#DemExit I have no med coverage b/c Obamacare failed me. @SenateDems only plan to fix it is to stop any attempt to help people?
Can you tell me; do DEMOCRATS not trust US GOVERNMENT to investigate these allegations????
You are telling American people we cannot trust the FBI,the House and Senate special committee's to be fair. Ok get rid of them and You too
Yes, and they should be. No new @FBI director confirmed until there's a #SpecialProsecutor to get to the bottom of #Trumprussia! #Resist
@SenateDems stop obstructing my Fed Gov Turn over @DNC servers so we can find the Russian collusion!
Seems simple enough to just get two.  One for Trump, and one for @HillaryClinton
Start doing the work of the American people and stop wasting our resources. You didn't feel this way about Hillary lying about classified
State the crime which requires a Special Prosecutor!
hey, CLOWN SCHUMER, keep leading your party down the drain...great work. DTS
If there is no evidence what are you going to use a special prosecutor for?
Um... To gather and expose evidence or to conclude impartially. Do you... Do you know what a special prosecutor is? #NoChildLeftBehind
You have to have a reason, or evidence, to warrant a special prosecutor. Why not get another to go after his deal with Martians? Same crap!
In case you've forgotten chuckles thanks to Harry Reid the GOP doesn't need your parties votes in order to confirm a FBI director.
Another great example of working together no more bickering. And We The People pick up the tab for all of this? 2018 vote for change.

More coverage of the DNC hearings!
Short term FBI doesn't need a director to continue their investigation so in essence Schumer blackmailing POTUS to get his way. A-hole.
@chucktodd  Schumer, of course you'll obstruct, that's all you do. YOU are the Party of DO NOTHING! Cry Babies!  GOP will do it without YOU!
It is time for the Dems to get to work or return home and let someone else serve the people. Hillary lost. Get over it!
1. Did FISA court issue sealed indictment against @potus? 
2. What about the report of hacking certain electronic voting machines in MI?
Please don't spread false informations. FISA  is only for surveillance warrants and has nothing to do with indictments
Not trying to spread false info. Asking @MTP if it's true. 2 serious questions.
And I'm telling you that your first question is based on a Palmer Report article. I hope you know PR is like @TheOnion without the jokes.
No voting machines in the US are connected to the internet.They can't be hacked
The voting machines can be rigged though
#TreasonousTrump #TrumpIsACrook #ImpeachTrump
REAL CORRUPTION
Special prosecutor =FBI  more time to investigate unmasking ,illegal spying, and Clinton foundation.
I think you're delusional. I'm  tired of your mindless obstruction of everything President Trump says & does.  Investigate the unmasking!
Obama spies on americans in 2013, 2015, 2016- hillary  basement server filled w/ classified info, unmasking & leaks Democrats are corrupt
I think there has been enough of the dems holding out.  This is Childish to say the least. GROW UP
A special prosecutor for Hillary Clinton!
Since 45 doesn't care about the rule of law he probably is fine without having a new head of the FBI. Vote for a truly independent FBI head.
Yes, punish the hard working employees of the FBI because of your personal politics, you are such a poor excuse of a Senator and an American
Stay strong Senator Schumer. We must check this horrible and corrupt man.
You're a fool! There's no investigation and there's nothing to prosecute. You can't block the FBI pick. Talk to Harry Reid bout that.
As soon as there is a special prosecutor for Hillary first then maybe you have a leg to stand on hypocrite!!
Dems withhold support! What a shock! Look how that worked out for you on Gorsuch 
Stupid democrats hypocrites
They can, but it won't matter.  Also Manchin will vote to approve.
Dems continue to obstruct, why would this be different?  However the 2 are mutually exclusive.  Support @POTUS  to fix this #brokenamerica
We need to investigate the clinton scams yes so get behind that dems
I don't remember you calling for an special prosecutor when Hillary was in
Russian embassy with her unsecure Blackberry w/ govt top secrets
