WRONG
I mean, statistically they commit less crimes. But that's statistics and facts are hard.
statistics don't rape or kill.
so since this is obviously true we should do NOTHING about illegals who commit these heinous crimes?
Enforce laws on all. Responsible immigration reform, not driven by anger and fear but compassion.
But we should pick and choose which laws to enforce?  Chaos
Obama spied on Trump. Confirmed!
Yes it will! The criminals; murders, rapists, drug dealers, & theives are being deported. Everyone will be safer.
Once a Schmuck, always a Schmucky.
YOU and ILK like you don't make us any safer and in fact make us less safe.
right....I totally feel less safe that violent lawbreaking criminals are picked up. 
DemocRATS make this country devisive and less safe. They have NO plan to keep this country safe. They NEVER have! #MASA
in fact? What actual fact are you referencing that makes us less safe. Your a liar and state the fact. Obstructionist liar
who?
please resign now
I agree, illegal ALIENS, make us less safe!
you and ur girl make us unsafe
Chuck any comments on this picture of you and how we see you. Come on respond and not with ur clown horn
Democrat may not want to hear this but I feel much safer now then the past eight years.
Less safe Chucky? U bet. Tell that to dead Americans killed by illegal aliens! #MAGA #retirechuck
tell that to families with murdered, raped, theft experiences. Obey the law like American citizens. Why is that so hard?
PURE NONSENCE-CHUCK.????
Keep fighting the good fight!
Thanks @POTUS for enforcing the law unlike the establishment politicians who break their oath of office every day.
I always Sleap with mine loaded and ready. OWOFFIE likes it too
Your inability to do anything productive is what makes us less safe.  Stop wasting our time and do the job you were elected to!
America has been in fear long enough Chucky. Be a man and stop using terror to secure votes and approval.
please explain...please
I feel much safer.  Globalism can suck eggs
do you even listen to what you are saying chuck? You are pathetic
#NotTrue
Wrong again.  Ask some of the victims.
I am sure that Chicago can be your poster child on how liberal policies work.
I personally thank you for wasting your time on crybaby crap. Feel sorry for the fools who keep voting for you.
Your stance on this matter will ensure the continuation of Republican victories! Thanks Chucky
with U in the senate we are less safe. why u don't investigate the sale of uranium from Clintons to Russia ? They under table
can you explain this or link to report that explains this tweet?
What planet u from Chuckie?
oh are you talking about NOT vetting for terrorist entering our country you're right!!!!!!!!!!'
So the rape in Rockville high school make us safer how?  Don't you care for our kids or only ones that come in illegally?
Stop drinking the Jim Jones juice, can you get that Trump and his administration is being investigated for cohorting with Russia?
Amazing how you Trumpsters have played into the fear and lies Trump spews! All Trump accused HC of he basically is knee deep! #Resist
Please don't let Trump and his croons, divert funds from necessary programs ie.... Medicare Medicade, Vetrans affairs, food stamps. #Resist
You & your crew make America less safe with you ongoing political crap! You are all failing the American people. Do your jobs!
So now you are hearing voices? Chucky, you have lost it you need to get some professional help before you hurt someone.
says the person who likes ppl coming into the country totally unscreened.
Chuck...get off twitter and do some darn work!!! You and Pelosi need to be removed!!! Lazy lazy people
still confused on the less safe chucky. Still waiting for you to explain that in your infinite wisdom.
I never forget 9/11, some liberals are not putting American people at first.
not true...once he rids the illegals, we will all be much safer
Oh Chucky, it is quite a show to watch you lose your shit day by day, must really be hiding something big. Humorous disgust. 
your lies and race baiting rhetoric have caused more damage to the dems than you will ever realize.  Keep talking!
really? Come on Chuck you don't even believe your own lies anymore do you?
We are less safe because Clown Court that refuse to base decisions on the laws won't allow tougher vetting.
feeling it, huh?
How would you know, have you tried it?
How can keeping terrorists and illegals out of US make us less safe? Just cuz u say something Chuck doesn't make it true. Liar.
idiot liar
wrong again genius
baloney maroney!
Nonsense Senator!
You're in favor of more illegal aliens/subversive refugees?
you must be talking about illegal aliens.
You Lie Sir!  You are a hypocrite! You have passed your prime.
BS!
they are illegal therefore they are criminas.  They are stealing our benefits they have not worked for
@potus greatest threat to the world. #liarinChief is a racist.Just lied again about crime & support for their hate. #NoBanNoWall
so youre saying to hell with immigration laws?
The lack of a path to citizenship is the problem caused by politicians like you that never developed a immigration policy!
Country? NY restaurants aren't safe if you're around. Poor little old ladies are terrified to get the early bird special.  #jerk
one of the most illegible tweets I have seen. Define each of the "they's " please
When you try to keep dangerous illegals out of the country & unvetted refugees out, how does that make US less safe?Dumb comment
they are illegal therefore they are criminas.  They are stealing our benefits they have not worked for.
counting on you!
Mr Schumer why the lies?  The 14 girl in the bathroom would have been safer!
Fake politician news
who is they?
Prove your statement chuckie boy. prove we are safer
so untrue, you have no facts to prove this!

     
Matthew 3:2
and saying, “Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand!”
