Why is every subsequent attempt by the fucking Republicans described as a "last-ditch effort?" This is their 43rd last-ditch effort.
And it's always a waste of taxpayer money, money that could be used on actual research to fix the ACA!
Nope. Bye bye failing ACA
Failing because your idiot @GOP is making it fail by shooting down every provision to improve it. But oh, guess you're too retarded to know.
Yeah.. keep watching your fake news kiddo
It's been failing for years already son
Incorrect, loser:

It's called risk corridors and Sen. Rubio killed them. Google it.
Absolutely. I wholeheartedly support single payer. I used the Canadian healthcare system years ago and it was fantastic.
We can go head to head all night. http://scienceblogs.com/denialism/2009/05/22/are-patients-in-universal-heal/ …
So folks like Martin Shkreli controlling drug prices is better? The free market has failed spectacularly.
Medicare for all isn't a solution. Repeal is a good first step. Come up with a better option.
Please explain why you feel this way?
We can't afford it. ACA is costing us. The only uninsured are uninsured because they are illegal otherwise there's subsidy medical medicaid
There are extreme CUTS to Medicaid being proposed. So there's that!
Not true just the growth check the facts not the news
And not all who are not insured are "illegal."
Accurate statement. Just not in for wrecking the whole system for a few outlying situations.
I'm not really advocating UHC but I do hope these reps we pay to think actually come up with something after "repeal" to fix prems.Scary.
What are you fighting? Unsustainable premium increases bc unbalanced pool? Tort reform? Real cost containment
 Or is it Rep v. Demo?
They need to spend our money where it matters not trying to erase what obama did
Did what ??? Rob the funds at Fannie and Fannie Mae to fund ACA ???
Freddie
Not in favor of forced purchase JUST BECAUSE WE ARE BREATHING!! What the hell won't you Democrats tax?? 
202-224-3121. You'll hear voice, then asked to enter zip code, then press # for your senator, then you leave ANIMATED vm. Takes 2 min. TOPS!
No voicemail available option. Email, hopefully they won't ask for donation. It's terribl your opinion needs a donation attached.
Sorry this is your case, might depend on your own rep's personal vm set up. But PLEASE others, still call! Takes 1 min. for each rep. EASY!
I see you're brand new to twitter. Important to ENCOURAGE, not discourage. Just fyi. We're nothing if we don't band together against Trump.
Right you are!
You need to listen  and repeal obamacare
U shd be tweeting R senators
I hope that one day soon our Dems. in Congress will get fired up and aggressively fight for what is best for the citizens of the U.S.A. 
They are outnumbered!
Shame the GOP ! And never stop ! Fight for the values and health, well-being and happiness of the good people in great country ! 
Not you donald
Repeal that GARBAGE and go back to the old system, it was fine the way it was !!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC introduced his new new "kill the poor" #Trumpcare bill. They seem to be hell bent on causing maximum carnage in America.
Stop with your scare tactics ...
He doesn't know the plan. Hasn't earned the right to fight for this bill
The Dems. In Congress need to fight 5 times more aggressively to over come all these talking head idiots on the radio brain washing people!
He doesn't care what is in a plan as long as Obama's name is no longer on it This man is dangerous to all Americans and needs removed STAT!!
Obummer stole the idea from Mitt !!!!
Why is it so important to them to deny healthcare to so many?
No one is being denied. Go purchase it like everyone else does.
Thank you for supporting the appeal of Obamacare!
Agreed. Republicans are money mongers and people haters!
 stop it!
My premiums have quadrupled and my deductible is enough to buy a used car under 0care. How is that affordable?
You pay my $451 monthly premium @TheDemocrats lie

Single payer system!
What r u crazy ?????
You cannot support the, ACA and MfA at the same time. Make up your mind, Kamala.  Both are Socialist programs, one worse than the other. 1/2
I believe that the Medicaid system should be overhauled. The government should not be running the health care system. 1.5/2
Citizens should have the freedom to choose what health care provider suits their needs best, without government dictation. 2/2
Please work your hardest to save Obamacare.  The people of California are depending on you!!! It has helped so many such as myself!!
Stop leeching off taxpayers and the govt ..pay for HC yourself !!!!
They will not succeed. Get that Medicare for all plan broadly publicized. Once seen, people will not accept less
Medicare for All is not Medicare at all. Medicare is not free, unlike the promised plan. How will MfA be funded, if it's free? It'll fail.
Medicare for all!!
Are you paying for it
EVERYONE pays for it. One huge plan. Sort of like Social Security but for health not retirement. Ok?
This is an absurd Bill. Healthcare  for the rich and to hell with  the rich. Care for all. Do not breed domestic  terrorism.
REPEAL/REPLACE! OvomitCare is the worst ever! Sick of exhorbitant premiums & rising! YOU go on ACA & pay for it! Highway robbery! REPEAL!
ANYONE seriously believe that repealing ACA will return insurance premiums back to where they were? Greed doesn't usually make restitution!
No! #MedicareForAll Ins. Companies need to be taken out of the equation!
All the while Trump is violating the law by undermining ACA. Harming Americans to get his own way is a 
"fireable offense".
ACA IS A TRAINWRECK !!!!
NEWSFLASH: federal government programs are not cost effective ...the ACA is the ultimate example . Americans want HEALTHCARE FREE OF GOVT
Too late.Repeal will return us to no preexisting/no help for low-paid workers to pay premiums that will STAY inflated. Ins.Cos won't reduce.
Americans are determined to to find out why @TheDemocrats had the #AwanBrothers working for them and supposedly stole classified information
Any proof of this conspiracy theory?
go away Kamala no one wants Tor failing Obamacare
Must fight back?? Start with not lying to your base.
There is no ACA!! Have a staffer sign up as an average US family of 4, making $65k/yr & see the deductables~! PLS = Workers have NO COVERAGE
Does he know what is actually in the bill?
No, we must repeal the Affordable Care Act 
r u serious?
Republicans remain determined to repeal the Affordable Care Act Donetsk People's Republic.Let's stop this?
Get ready to lose again!!!
No socialist medical care for America
Determined!!!  MAGA!!!
Healthcare needs reform! Do ur jobs!
Bad plan and must be defeated! @PattyMurray @RepRickLarsen @SenatorCantwell Trump must loose big on this matter!
Communists lost in Poland, Hungary, Russia, Venezuela, China, and they continue to lose everywhere in America except California. Halfwits.
Don’t you love how @realDonaldTrump gets behind each of these bills? He is absolutely clueless about how dumb he is.
Republicans includes sanders and his bullshit bill you latched on to. Do you know what it even is?
We, #Americans #UnitedWeStand @SenKamalaHarris @SenateDems #PROTECT #ACA #ObamaCare #FIGHT BACK! vs Trump, GOP #CassidyGraham #GrahamCassidy
........
We do not have to wonder where their parents are. If we cannot take action in the face of this, what does the country we love stand for. 3/
We cannot close our eyes again and our country must stand for something. 200,000 plus children stranded. 2/
Senator Harris, I appeal to you to please push the Senate to do take strong action to stop the ethnic cleansing taking place in Myanmar. 1/
Good it's not so affordable for the real tax payer.
We sure hope they can repeal ACA.
Ms Harris.. you did not help things by coming out now for single payer.  Should have concentrated on fighting for the ACA before it's gone.
Affordable?  To who? The only people the Dems care about....those that live off the government; aka the Dem base.
You might want to actually ask yourself why it is a financial disaster instead of fighting for it. Oh I forgot Liberals are not wired to fix
#SOS #SaveOurCountry #ImpeachTrump
We must be equally determined to evict them from Congress. Let's remind them they are not permanent members of Congress only place holders.
That bill is nothing more than a bill.
They cannot replace part of a contract?
It must go.  ACA is an obamanation!!!!!
And noting the white power hand signal
Absolutely NO!!!
And he doesn't even know or care what's in the bill
You Dems passed a piece of --------. Why shouldn't it be repealed?
Yeah..... for the last 8 years they've PROMISED THEIR VOTERS , that you and Obama screwed, THAT THEY WOULD!
You vote to kill 1,000,000 babies every year and are worried about Schumer/Obama care?.#abortionismurder
Do they even listen to the wishes of their constituents?
You are crazy....it needs to be repeal....
Why?
Cali commie why do you hate America?
'Medicare for All' wasn't well planned or timed. The GOP has been busy gutting the ACA. Contact Congress folks. Lives depend on it. #SaveACA
You stand for the RACIST Chuck? http://joshuapundit.blogspot.com/2017/01/whoopsie-has-chuck-schumers-own-racist.html?m=1 …
Consistently the Democratic Party has fought to maintain and improve healthcare for ALL America!
Stop you're politics and work with him
So let it go bankrupt then
Why? The ACA stinks. My insurance was better and cheaper before.
Please do everything you can to oppose it,
Graham has been trying to get some of the spot light for awhile. His ACA is bad as the others were.
We're doing the best we can but unfortunately if he doesn't get impeached he will eventually end it. Remember,  it's Obama's legacy
'Ripped" sincere and,not a coordinated buzz word by Dems?
You mean the unaffordable care act. We see through the demonrats bs.
NO to graham-Cassidy bill. Terrible for Americans. We have been clear...  no repeal to the ACA.  Medicare for All is best, fix ACA next best
No stop fighting, that is the problem, work together, a house devided will NOT stand. Dems had several years to fix this, why fight now?
Why, it's a failure. Big fed gov should not be involved with health insurance.
What's the strategy?
We will!
You know it's failing and you don't care. This is nothing more than to maintain the Obama Legacy of a failed health care plan.
Please, Camilla, stop. Just shut it, ok?  You are making a FOOL of yourself [again].
We must RESIST!!!

Thank God
Murderer
Mentally I can't take these asshols anymore 
Repeal that crappy legislation known Obamacare.
FU bitch
The DEATH SQUADRON wants to kill the disabled and bankrupt 32 million additional people.
WE MUST REMAINED UNITED AND STAND FIRM AND FIGHTS BACK AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE! 
We don't want the #UnaffordableCareAct! #RepealandReplace #ObamacareFail
We don't want the #UnaffordableCareAct! #RepealandReplace #ObamacareFail
.I still think @realDonaldTrump looks better in dress :)
#Indy100 (Independent): This artist is responding to Donald Trump's sexism by adding dresses to all of his pictures https://www.indy100.com/article/president-donald-trump-dress-like-a-woman-comment-artist-jet-nijkamp-7945946 …
@SenSchumer @USATODAY 
He's a horrible man. Wants to dump 30 million Americans to the curb. An elitist white Nationalist.
WHY fight back? CHANGE is what is needed has to start somewhere! Affordable care act isn't affordable!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP are determined to forget about those fighting for their lives. Are forgotten by the. Republicans  shame
Why are you fighting it? The system failed! Look at Arizona! It should have never been passed. Do your job and fix it! #WakeUpAmerica
obama care sucks and you know it! Needs to disappear from our history books like you dems think confederate history needs to disappear.
You own Obamacare period! Even by dem own admission, it is a turd that needs flushed! Flush it and let free market work.
How about them and their family
Would they have same health insurance what they porpoising
I SAY PROBABLY NOT
Is this the same affordable healthcare that caused some insurance premiums to triple.

Senator,.. why don't you start by asking the president to stop the 73% subsidy u and ur staff receive to pay for urs. I get no subsidy.
Best way to fight back? Release the #medicareforall bill.  It would allow public review AND prove a bill actually exists; leveling the field
Miss K. USA is in trouble in so many ways. We will fight for all citizens care safety net is a must.
The American people want the same insurance and benefits the government gives to them self
Free good health care benefits
Seems this is their attempt to 'get back' at Dems for meeting with THEIR president
There is nothing affordable about ACA. The idiots could have left it alone and just picked up the tab of uninsured cheaper. Mine is now X3.
Insurance premiums are not the problem. It's the care givers overcharging purposely and nothing being done about that. Pharma and hospitals
$5000 for lab work in one hospital that is $240 for same test in another. They are raping the system because they get away with it.
I bet they are overcharging Medicare and Medicaid the same way and our idiots running government programs don't do their jobs.
There's a reason #JohnMcCain isn't a co author
When people vote republican. They must want low wages, no unions, no healthcare, no minorities, no social security/medicare, voting rights.
It's sad when a President just wants a win doesn't care how it affects anyone
Why?  It's terrible
You need to get the CBO scores on all 3 solutions and @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats should create an ad push on them & testimonials
Well, they first need to understand what ACA is.  They have no clue as to why they need to appeal it except that it's Obamacare.
OHHHH, we WILL FIGHT.
Time for Senate Dems to take up floor time to expose just what an abomination this bill is.
Yes we want full repeal
We just keeping contacting our Representatives!I already sent a letter to mine, Pay to Play Toomey Bad for PA! Will follow up 2morrow w 
could you explain how its affordable for my family and I? Democrats ruined healthcare with unaffordable healthcare. way to go dems
Stop Graham/Cassidy Medicade bill. Its horrible for the American people...
"Fight"... nice choice of words in today's political climate. "Take action" not inciting enough for you?  We know you don't condemn violence
Go back to what you really care about Kamala - your mascara, lipstick and hair! 
Lindsay fyching Graham?
that's what America wants, you liberal racist
GOP...NO HEART...NO SOUL...YES FIGHT BACK
$21,000,000,000,000 in debt
END THE DEMOCRATS MURDERING AND SLAVE TRADE
You need to give a direct order to citizens. Like "call XXX-XXX-XXXX to voice your dissent! Don't assume we don't need a restart w/info!
Thanks for representing us!!
You are fighting against we USA citizens who want that failing Unaffordable Care Act repealed, and replaced with a better system.
Call your senators.  Turn up the heat, make them feel the pain of the hurt they are trying to impose on America families.
PART OF IT If had a TRUE MEDIA then everyone would know how Ocare is failing I want you to have Ocare Senator But you won't lower yourself
@SenKamalaHarris "Healthcare for all" has always been Obama/Hillary's plan! Anyone accepting the idea @DNC is Bernie's party is treasonous!
How many unreasonable "last ditch efforts" do they get? Sheesh, move on!
"We" = the corrupt ones?
.ThePeople are ready and standing uP  (and, together!) now for #Medicare4All .. beyond time!
Some times you make a serious case for a dislike button on social media, so we can see what Americans really think on these topics of yours.
Led the way Kamala, get a petition up & we can have Millions signing,especially regarding ACA,heck I will circulate it, check for duplicates
Karmala, if you want my help pm me. I am serious, Twitter, FB, news outlets, Veterans, Health Associate, you tell me!
Fight #theresistance
Yes! Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy!
Health care is NOT a right.
If the 44th told you that...
he lied.
Sure it is. The US thrives when all of its citizens thrive.
When we are maxed out paying for the welfare state y'all want...
Exactly how will WE thrive?
https://twitter.com/polNewsInfinity/status/908843018463141893 …
Eye roll.."fake news"
And their citizens aren't starving either ...right ? Bernie was praising Venezuela and their socialism 2 yrs ago .Bernie is a socialist !
By all means keep defending a failing program instead of logically replacing parts of it to make it better for everyone.
@SenateDems  JESUS cared about the poor, the sick, and the hungry, trump & Republican don't. trump is not starving.
@realDonaldTrump:  Americans have changed their minds, now WANT ACA!  Get off Healthcare, after you restore all funds to ACA! You CAN change
what's YOUR plan?  Medicare for all?  Tell me, how do you intend to pay for it?  #killoffamerica
Nice white power sign?
Trump wants a legislative victory without knowing the bill just to outdo Obama. Jealousy!!
Dear Kamala, guess what? My state representative is Lindsey Graham. Need I say more? 
That's very disheartening to hear, friend. Graham is mentally unfit and unworthy to keep his position.
He certainly speaks like a parrot.  I received many letters back. They always say the same.
Huh. Sorry to hear that. Sounds like a living broken record to me.
What do you need us to do? We will do it!
Fight against GOP corp greed & war against middle /lower classes, elderly and most vulnerable among us!  Unamerican to treat corp> than ppl!
Are you? Or are you just spending your time pandering to Sanders idiots?
The ACA is bad to cancer patients, Insurance are still able to deny treatments or meds coverage. This is what Democrats voted for.
Just tell trump the Dems plan is repeal and replace and he will go along with it.
U and ur colleges must take to the air waves to bring this to a conclusion! Graham will use huge pile of money taken from blue to get votes
Repeal the congress not the GOP who would repeal it for Americans
Why are you so determined to destroy America Kamala? ACA was as illegal as DACA and yet you are determined to keep both of them.
Sorry SOBs don't care how it affects the most vulnerable in particular & everyone else generally. Yet we pay their salaries while such butts
We need to remove THEIR lifetime benefits... which includes free medical care 4 life!!  like they are royalty.. they forgot WHO they work 4
bastard trump doesn't have a clue what's in that ACA repeal plan He wants2 fu*k Obama at any cost That's the only thing that matters 2him
trump's primary motivator seems to be revenge for any slight he imagines. Too bad who gets hurt in the middle!
Question: Why do republicans want to take away healthcare, cut Medicare and Medicaid? Public Option is the way.
If your colleagues refuse to support M4A & use the ACA as a cudgel against it, people will have to support repeal. Get them on board.
