I just keep seeing you and your cohorts crying about everything and putting nothing positive in a bill. Just raising taxes is not a solution
Please tell Bernie to stop trying to kill it just to introduce his single payer that has no chance of passing!
It as in ACA. Will Bernie help the Republicans destroy it/ACA just to get his single payer a better chance? Guess we're about to find out.
because DEMOCRATS refuse to listen to AMERICA. You stick with the OLD OUT DATED BS. Boycott Dems until pelosi&schumer out of leadership! SOS
Geez, you whine a lot, Chuckie.  To bad you can't speak the truth... EVER
Did you get beat up alot in school. Why do you cry alot. Its not very professional nor winning any hearts. It shows your weak. Stop it.
You see. Its meaner. This word, meaner. Meaner than the creation of obamacare in the first place?Meanerthanthesenator from ny not enforcing
Americans listen to you bashing the president. Its not very professional. Not what Americans want govt to look like. Its time to let go of
#StopTrumpCare
It isn't trumpcare. The money will go to the states. Ur governor will disburse it for the ppl of the state. He can veto if it's not right
#SaveACA
Can't save what's failed. You have to consider all not just the freebies
Mueller needs to get the job done! #ImpeachTrump
Hopefully you realize that impeachment does not mean he is removed from office LOL. Remember Clinton and his impeachment?
Impeachment happens in the house but the Senate must hold a trial and convict. Highly likely neither happens.
Yes, it has to go to the Senate, but the point is to get it started
My point is, it would never happen. With republican controlled house and senate, Clinton was impeached but never even tried in senate.
Maybe I'm a perennial optimist?
Lol. Nothing wrong with that. I'm just saying, it's a distraction. Maxine Waters geriatric ass knows that this is a fools errand
Campaign and start governing. Ppl like myself want the dems to stop fighting for free handouts. Illegals who endangered there childs life
A new social program that wont, cant work. Unfunded liabilities are 200tril in the red. ACA wont work. Just a lie for votes. Americans know
REPLACE YES
You mad Bro?  yeah you're mad...
33 bil less for ny to not spend on health coverage and steal it for campaigning.
Not, you have deeper issues that may disqualify you for senator.
LOL!   Only way for him to do that is to kill off all the Republican leaders.   If this is such a bad bill why doesn't he vote for it?
Try in ny no property tax for seniors. No school tax for adults with no children. Get rid of bad teachers. So much to do. Were waiting
This. The poor dont care cause they get medicaid. Free. The ppl who can afford insurance can shop around or pay cash. The ppl who bought aca
These are govt control not free markets. Give the seniors who have put money into fed. Govt all there life a break. Stop trying to create
All your tweets are just you crying about nothing. Its very disappointing and very disturbing. Get some help. Seek out therapy. U have ins.
Schumer, your to emotional for this job. You dont have the right moral fortitude to enforce the laws. You dont even support law enforcement
With the winners. Get really close to them make a good career and help others.
Immigration laws. Or meaner than trump. Who wants to lower taxes? Create jobs. Enforce laws. Whats wrong with you. Stop useing opioids. Hang
Americans and the world your a man. Not some puppet for the progressives. Not some undercover communist. U must know clinton is guilty? If
To get here, to become a bottom feeder worker. Anchor baby. Farm worker. These laws like DACA encourage this. Dems behind it. Dont be emotio
Or fight for improving seniors health. Insurance is different than giving seniors who need exercises free park entrance to exercise. If you
License. Free mail. Free park entrance and free fishing license. That works for voters. Want to be hillary clinton? Fight to keep cash cow
Make your voices heard and get rid of Schumer! !
What a waste of air this guy breaths!
Earning your money we pay you. Enforce immigration laws. Enforce federal laws. Lock up corrupt politicians like your buddies hillary. Show
Lt to enforce the laws. The Americans who vote. Will see how fair you are. But when you think that how can americans enforce the laws that
Care. Walking for seniors is critical to there health. As for young ppl to get the best education and jobs. Not govt welfare. Think about
Are very disappointed because its very expensive. Large deductible. Just do one thing. Seniors. Free catastrophic insurance. Free drivers
Why would @SenJohnMcCain possibly vote for the bill this time when he rejected it last time? Still seems as bad or worse.
Senators put into place. And you get emotional and cry and stomp your feet like a child. I think less of you and you lose my vote.  Start
Nal. Be different than those you hang with. Be tough and brave. Enforce the laws we have. We dont need a crying senator who finds it difficu
Lost 4 elections in a row. Heres an idea. Free medical insurance to seniors. Free prescriptions. Free mail for seniors. Free drivers license
You are who you hang with. You must know that the clintons are guilty of meny felonies. You know millions of Americans know this. U know dem
Preexisting illnesses. Thats called subsidized. You dont understand this? Thats why your not qualified to run free markets.
Your very dangerous to the free markets. Your not allowing people to shop around. Nor do insurance company's want to give insurance to
Schmuck, have you read the ACA bill yet?no Do you have ACA INSURANCE? How does competition in free markets work? Your a danger person.
This guy is fucking up so bad next thing we know we are going back to war
But why did you not vote No on that disgusting Military Spending Bill , those millions could've gone to Healthcare !
Meaner to who?? The middle class Americans that pay your wages? Of course u don't need wages u have the lobbies that have made u multi $M
@RockyinTX 
A SICK NATION  is NOT a SECURE NATION 
It shuffles the deck instead of repealing the disaster you and Obama passed under the cover of darkness.#obamacarelite.
"Their crafting it in the middle of the night .." -- yeah I remember when Schumer and Pelosi did that with Obamacare !!#RepealAndReplace
Senator Schumer please fight this bill!!!
#TrumpCare is misnomer populated by only Lib's & RINO's. Not endorsed by Conservatives! Repeal; then Replace!
compared to the failure of obamacare the only good thing obamacare did is take the dems out of power in the house senate and white house
I called you! Happened to be right after you voted NO, THANK YOU! My daughter is 1of1,000s who'd lose meds/services, as special needs! Ty!!!
& U R as senile as ever. You hate states will have to police own fraud & it will end your $$$ donations from Insurance companies.@foxnews
Schum stop this Guy!..a real as
whacked guy whom.has hacked up our country 

Get him gone!
I agree. Defeat it and then throw support behind @SenSanders Medicare-for-All bill!
Make sure u do what's best for America! Ur playing w/fire dealing with this unbridled egocentric with zero moral compass!
Yes America make ur voices heard Vote out this KKK racist bigot democrats that care only for themselves & big money lobbyists
Could have paid for #MedicareforAll will the 700 billion you voted to approve for the military
Rise up America.....  It's your future
Yes make it known #SinglePayerNow
so sad to hear!!
Senator, we're praying you can stop this from happening. I think I speak for millions when I say we are afraid
You say the same thing every time Mean Chuck get over it working people don't want to pay for everyone's insurance you want to much free
Pass it so u can see what's in it! That's what Pelosi said! #hypocrisy
Is it just me or does Chuck Schumer appear to be growing breasts? Maybe he's a transgender?
#Impeachgop save#aca Email, phone calls, tweets, show up if u can.No repeal, fix only. Chuck I do like the idea of medicare 4 all.
#KillTheBill
Okay! Hear my voice: Get rid of Obama Care, and replace it with something that is competitive, and something that works for us.
The big problem  here is the  obama  name  in front of  obama care   !!!
How about making basic Healthcare affordable  ?? If citizens cannot afford Healthcare neither can their government.
I have family in the USA  I will stand for Medicare for all for their sakes!
We sure will, Chuck. But you know something?  We voted for YOU to save us from this s*** ... not to tell us that we should be voice-ful
exactly. We've been through this twice this year. They already know what we think of their evil plan.
Not true just another dishonest statements from Chuck he can't be honest all ego and hypocrisy
We need to kill this Trumpcare/Deathcare bill once and for all!!! #SaveACA
you know what's mean your party not fixing this problem you created
Chuck I think you need a better name than Trumpcare ..... Just doesn't flow like Obamacare...
Where's the money to pay for the ACA?  You never talk about the $20 Trillion you career politicians ran up. Discuss how to reduce debt
Why aren't you behind Medicare For All? You can do both at the same time. 
I work w/ children who depend on us to be better. Represent us.
Vote No for Trumpcare
VOTE NO UNLESS they finally hold insurance companies pharma and medical conglomerates accountable HIGH COST OF EVERYTHING! ENOUGH godamn it!
Well that little love affair was very short lived - Chuckles - you are so predictable 
How many times? We callwritefight. Still high deductibles. Premiums and high medical costs. We are going broke. Do you understand?
Where is the Dem ACA Fix? Put It out and compare 1:1 in plain English and pictures. Shame the Rs to work with you.
And Obama CRAP wasn't? Stop the hate and crying.  We won MAGA
thanks, Senator, your staff member was so polite and helpful..I called a couple of hours ago..she assured me you were a NO...THANK  YOU!!!
No matter what Bernie states. Single payer   is not the way.  Who is going to pay for it.  Us.
Put it on a ballot.  I know I am paying the most I ever had for healthcare.  Why not protect me..
VOTE HIM OUT.... OBSTRUCTIONIST!
No such thing as Trumpcare.
Plz implore no vote on #CassidyGraham
Where is the Schumer Bill?   I have not seen anything from you or your party since Trump became President.
Only commies support ACA.
This seems illegal. Pressing this bill when all citizens affected by hurricanes can't possibly be aware or respond. @GOP is corrupt!
Vote YES on Bernie's #medicareforall, NO ON #trumpcare
If "head-clown" Schumer hates it, probably good for America...
Vote NO!!
How can we survive the Rich are getting to her and the sick are getting sicker.
Rich are getting richer.
I have called! I don't see these mean and awful GOP members proposing they use same healthcare.
You n PELOSI  are just out of touch.GOVERNOR CUOMO  NEEDS TO WATCH ILLEGAL ALIENS  VIDEO  WITH PELOSI.
Stall until the CBO shows its numbers,Shut down the Senate!
And u and congress is as dysfunctional and useless as ever?I will vote against any incumbent regardless of Party next election. #useless
If you hadn't made a deal with 45* on budget, congress would be too busy to worry about ACA now. But as long as he likes you, right Chuck?
What's you're proposal?  Nothing but buzzwords lol #Trumpcare #Abetterdeal
Why is it mean2send it back to the states Chuck. Then the states can decide on how to deal with it. If state wants Obamacare then they can

Idiot!  Faker! Jerk!
How can a blue state citizen help?
Those dinners really doing wonders.
Great!  Cut more!
Meaner than Obamacare that cost millions their doctors and insurance and drove premiums for millions through the roof?
Like obama care was so nice.
Call your GOP reps!
202-225-3121
@Indivisible19NY @BFLOindivisible @IndivisibleNYD3 @IndivisibleNY24 @indivisibleny11 @nydems
Medicare for all now!
There is no Trump care dim wit Congress passes  laws not the president the democrats in Congress passed the a c a not president obama
@SENSCHUMER CALLING HEALTHCARE REFORM "MEAN" - HILARIOUS A GUY WHO CANCELLED MY DR AND MY PLAN WITH OBAMA ON CHRISTMAS EVE 2011. #LYINCHUCK
What have you done for all of us who have suffered greatly BECAUSE of the #ACA? Do we count for anything? #GrahamCassidy
Rock on Chuck! Supporting you in the good fight (s). Proud to live in New York! Thank you!
You got it! Fire Scumbag Schumer!
Why do we have to constantly beg for our lives?
Do whatever you have to in order to stop this bill, please!
How about the parties work together, come up with a plan they would like for THEIR  families and figure out how to fund it for ALL Americans
For You Chuck!  It's time for a name change! Can't be any worse than Obamacare! This time we demand you live by it to! It's the law !
Medicare for all. Who amongst you is better than anyone else?
Senator Schumer, you're taking the wrong approach. Eliminate your HC program and use the one congress puts together for everyone else.
Don't know what's mean about letting the states decide what to do with their money & it can't be meaner than this awful Obamacare. @FoxNews
"He likes me... he likes me!"
You are my senator. Vote NO! @SenGillibrand
Meaner? It is modern day govt promoted MURDER
What can we do? Our Senators aren't the deplorable ones...


STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck!
Is it too much to ask that the Dems put forth a proposal to save Obamacare other than nationalized medicine
How are they able to do the same thing over and over and over? We've said no....we mean it. Tired of this same bullshit.
You gonna cry about?
C'mon Chuckie, it's mean because you didn't think of it. Ppl have to assume some of the cost. BTW-- What is your insurance coverage?

Is that your political assessment?  Trump is a big ole meanie!  You aren't even trying anymore!
And u should talk with failed obamacRe
Too late for you Chuckles, you had how many years to sort this out? Still no solution just more bantering over who's fault this mess is 
Omg stop the rhetoric. Get down to business do your jobs
So mean.
Mean was Obamacare causing me to lose my policy. Mean is your deceitful rhetoric. Mean is your goal of harming the American people. #Liar
#MedicareForAll the time is NOW.
Disagree, as each year Medicare covers less, that's why you need a supplement to support it. The premiums also go up. It's not free
So what would be a good bill? I pay $43,0000 now. Not a typo. And the ACA recipients should pay nothing.
Is that your serious counterpoint? It's mean?!  Pathetic
Why not make Mexico pay for national health care, as it is their immigrants who are now clogging up the system and need Obamacare.
Thank you for tirelessly defending the ACA. As someone who depends on access to healthcare, your words and actions are greatly appreciated.
Does someone in the middle class care about people. Or is it: I got my insurance you figure it out for yourself. Selfish people.
You're a liar.....
C'mon chuck. Stop with the drama.  Jeeez take a chill pill. Your over done,  knock off the hysterical outburst. Go watch a soap opera.
Nothing is as mean as Obamacare, got that extra $20,000 laying around to pay off Schumer?
What can a New Yorker like me do? Obviously, our senators @SenSchumer and @SenGillibrand already have our backs.
Can't be meaner tan Ovomitcare!
OCare was as mean as it gets. You and friends pushed like a wonder drug knowing it was a poison pill. Now it's collapsing and unaffordable.
Really mean protecting people with cancer for the first time ever. Maybe it's you or your family that needs protecting in future.
I think the Republicans are trying to pass a bad bill so they can blame Trump
Single payer healthcare system now. Medicare for all. Healthcare should be a right for all taxpayers.
My voice says for you to endorse Bernie's #MedicareForAll Bill.

Do the right thing, Senator or you will be on the wrong side of history.
"Meaner than ever" lol. So sophomoric
I'm your constituent. Pls STOP Graham-Cassidy bill that TAKES 1,000s of $ NY taxpayers put into our own health care—to give to red states!
Lock up Hillary Clinton and make our country great!
How much do you pay for medical insurance? Chuckie?
Thank you! Keep fighting -- healthcare is too important to for rushed, secret legislation.
zero proof - as usual.
SINGLE PAYER NOW
Liar!
OBSTRUCTIONIST!  I am a New Yorker and a Long Islander!  I would vote you out in a heartbeat!
Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill is a disaster!
