Work on the important stuff chuckie #TermLimits First things first!
Keep given tax payers money away Chuck
your programs punish you if you have a job
If you want to do those things, you should start by defunding planned parenthood  (stop killing babies) and turn your slums over to GOP
Where's the outrage from our Democratic Party about EVERYTHING! What you haven't learned is that when GOP is on vacation, you pound them.
Leftist hasn't and Leftists haven't. Which is it?
Eh' whatever I have to go to WORK to pay for everyone I don't know
I hope you get your job back.
If it is worth the money someone will build it. Too many subsidies trying to create business. Let private enterprise build it or not.
Have you seen North Korea?
Whose job?  You don't mean Congress's do you?  Hahahahaha, what a joke.
Your job is to support American families. You swore an oath. Stop supporting illegals and refugees and do your damn job.
you programs punish you if you have a job
Ur job is 2 support families & grow communities. We know that, unfortunately u don't act like that. Ur team stole $151m/yr from WNY. Delphi!
i had high hopes you would work with DT constructively but pushing these conspiracy theories is beneath you and your office.
Fund it yourself!  Fed tax dollars are for the country as a whole.
NO, it is NOT your job to pick winners and losers. Apparently there aren't enough passengers to pay for the service.
That's your problem lefty LIB. You're job isn't to support anyone.
Grow communities? How?when you and yours are STEALING IT ALL. Seen Detroits roads and bridges lately? Shyster& lying
Cutting Amtrak is devastating to travel as well.
And your job is to assault women? How can you talk about any families when you have no respect for women?
This is why #Democrats can't balance a budget. When everything is critical nothing is critical.
Your job is to defend the constitution. Users can pay for airports.
of the Good News. They don't understand this message about the glory of Christ, who is the exact likeness of God.
2 COR 4:4  Satan, who is the god of this world, has blinded the minds of those who don't believe. They are unable to see the glorious light
Why did u deregulate the.airlines
Elections have consequences. Suck it up buttercup.
tell me what u would cut to balance the budget!!!
Wrong, it is uphold the Constitution and the laws of this country. You get out of the way and families will support themselves .
all you politicians care about is money stop fooling your self your all talk period...
Who told you that was your job? Your statement is pure deception
Why is this not being funded at the State level, Chuckie? Do you not have your priorities straight in New York? It's not a federal issue.
When are IMPEACHMENT PRECEDING GOING TO START TO RID OUR NATION FROM THIS ATROCITY??????
Why talking about this now?  You and @NancyPelosi just talk and do nothing to contribute to families or communities.  Dems equal ghettos.
Your job is not to subsidize ANY industry or business. But you wouldn't know your job other than to take political bribes and demagogue
This is the biggest rip-offs in the federal govt. Empty airplanes subsidized by taxpayers. This an example of why informed people gate you.

How about Rally Support for Fiscal Sanity?
And why should we subsidize private business. People make a decision where they want to live.
Go Greyhound.
what a drastic change for you schumer doing your job is something your not accustomed to setting on your hands more familiar huh
Your private airstrip in trouble chuckles?
Laugh Out Loud!! One bridge crossings $18.00 one way and the cost to the Tax Payers for free College is $163 BILLION! Now you support who??
Your job is to stay out of peoples lives Chuckie.
Whatever. As far as you are apparently concerned, @POTUS can do nothing right. Your credibility has suffered greatly in recent months.
This is a major issue, #not
Your not her for anything but to line your pockets ! Thats why your scared of Trump , he wont go for your bullshit !!!
Again I ask where you will cut spending? Again I ask how you plan to fix healthcare.
Chuck, you really need to get a life, or a hobby. Clinton committed political suicide. Remember executive order 5. You are part of it. DONE!
Please lower taxes!  
IRS = 39.6
CAL STATE = 13.3
SALES TAX =  9.75 
Total = 62.65% 
This is disgusting and why Trump won!
trump jetted off to Palm Beach thursday... how come not a single Democrat has made his constant travel an issue? @dnc #WimpyDemocrats @cnn
So when are u going to start doing it? I've been a senator for how long now?  Toooooo loooong. #DRAINTHESWAMP

We have cars & buses that can be driven to major airports. PORK for votes?
It is not my responsibility to support the economies of Watertown, Massena and Ogdensburg with my tax dollars. Let the free market decide 
Yeah but I bet u ,u would like that air service when it's protecting ur behind wouldn't u ,such hypocrite u n pelosi make us republicans ill
Keep spending right chuckie. Got that magical tree around somewhere for the 20T debt?
@BreitbartNews @TheRebelTV Wassup Chuckie?! Trying to build a child trafficking infrastructure out in the Boondocks? The Allie-May Express?!
They need to be stopped before they destroy our democracy and kills a lot of people in the meantime. The Republicans have no conscience
Airport subsidies tune in next for rural airline ticket subsidies
A lot like NY   You drive business and people out of NY. Nice face time! Now go jump on your private jet and forget the common people. 
Subsidize subsidize subsidize. Use your own money. Those are very few jobs you are speaking of and are dead ended.
What about taxes Chuckles?  What's your plan,  other than to criticize?
Your job is to work within a budget
Please get back to DC before he starts WW3.
That's not your job! That is a local and state issue. Apparently you don't know why your there so get out! @realDonaldTrump
Guess they will have to replace Schumer with Bernie Sanders, as Sanders want everything free, cause he was a bum before congress
It isn't the governments job to grow communities, The American people do that, look what the Democrats did to the Black community.
Why should the tax payer of the whole US pay for NY airports???? Because Schumer does not do his job is why
So raise taxes to fund the airport real simple
Chuckie,hate to tell you that you get an F in job performance.
How about a incomplete Chucky. Has done nothing except to tear our country apart plain and simple
Wait, they're cutting trains AND planes?
If there was a demand, the airlines would come.  Taxpayers should NOT be subsidizing the airlines.
why!!!
The rural areas voted for Trump.  Have they connected the dots?
Maybe a little bipartisan help on Tax Reform WOULD HELP!  Cross the aisle/ stop obstruction! @POTUS @FoxNews
Your job is attacking the president.
But don't we already know how you really feel about airfields?
This from the Senator who outspent all senator for private jets. Hypocrite
Families & communities have to cough up the money for secret service 4 #TraitorTrump 2 spend weekends away from WH Why is this ALLOWED?
You may meet the Secret Service  shortly with comments like that. Then you can ask them
He's also cutting train travel. Would be no more west to East nor north to south. Wants to save money, stay in DC! #trumprussia
How about we focus on all things trump?  Russia, collusion, taxes, bombs, threat of nuclear war, lies, etc.  Things like that, y'know?
Subsidies for Schumer's rich corporate pals is what he means,outside of Alaska what north country is he talking about ?
Senator why don't we cut his air service of going down to fla every weekend! This needs to b curtailed $3mil/trip and his wife from NY!
Your progressive liberal socialist ideology doesn't support families and harms growth!!! You are a hypocrite and your days numbered
Read your oath of office, schmuck.
Really?  Where is that in the Constitution?  I thought it was your job to stay the Hell out of my way and to stop impeding liberty.
This patented pabulum spoken ad nauseum by @SenSchumer & @HillaryClinton and all the rest is sounding more archaic by the day. Buh-bye, Dems
What are the requirements to get the subsidy? I ask because it seems like the locals are flying in circles 'just to fill quotas'.
Hi Chuck! Could you do something about the potus under criminal #russiagate trying to change the subject by taking us to war? Thx
You only care about Teterboro where you fly into on all your private flights that somebody pays for as illegal,undisclosed gifts. Who pays?
Do you like anything other than your bank account?
Trump's Golden Rule = He who has the Gold makes the rules.
Right now your job is to get trump/cronies OUT!  Now also looks like U.S. sec depts are as dirty as trump.  They must STOP making decisions.
How is Trump going to be stopped from ruining America and launching global war? Who is chaperoning him? Can he be contained?
He isn't.
Nobody.
No.
#TermLimits are in order.
Great job (sarcasm) commending Drumpf on the Syria strike.  Can't you ever lead this ship without kissing Israel's ass?
You are compromised.  We need new leadership.
I recall how you threw Obama under the bus over the Iran deal too.  You need to go.
"great job donald"  seriously go. now
