This is the problem with Two parties. I am going to try to remove Congress. Its archaic process
Chuck.if U won the election U could redo the tax code and give it all 2 the poor for all I care..BUT....
You LOST ELECTION try again in 2020
Not so!! Same old Mantra from the left.
Lying again!
How about showing us the bill I can’t trust you
resign now
Enough with THEM vs Us
Yet most of Trump's base is the middle class.  Do they simply not care or can they simply not read?  It doesn't make sense to me why people support a man who doesn't have their best interest at heart.
Both.
Pretty bad that I have to move to Canada to afford my medicine. The insurance company refused it.
Schumer Fake news you don't even need a news Network.
Rich constituents demanding local tax & mtg interest deductions continue. Many low-middle income don't get those deductions,why should they?
Sticks it to the middle class? What have the #Democrats been doing since Lyndon Johnson?
Highlight the GOP's bullshit #DynamicScoring, their new catch phrase for failed #TrickleDownEconomics, #SupplySideEconomics, #Reaganomics.
FAKE NEWS CHUCK!!!  Don't you ever tire of lying? We are sure tired of it but at least we know what to expect from u 
Democrats plan is give free money out to people and make them servants to the Democratic party. Nothing changed with this party.
Do you have a parent or grandparent receiving Medicare or Medicaid? You're cool with Republicans stealing from seniors to give to the rich?
To top it off I am not cool illegals getting free money while my grandma shit gets cut..I live in ny land of democrats that give free money.
If grandma is "illegal" (as you say), then grandma gets no government assistance. So you're totally off base there.
She legal... Talking about illegals collection benefits frome state and federal stealing from US citizens.
Inaccurate. Undocumented immigrants do not qualify for Medicaid, Medicare, food stamps, PA ("welfare").
NY has the Alicia program it provides for illegals I known of a couple people that use it...Look it up
In NYC? 
Who is the funding source?
What are the eligibility requirements?
You've been in office for decades. All you've done is raise taxes, raise our debt and get rich. #GoAway
Dems had 8 years in charge- $9 trillion in new debt! Below 2% GDP growth..  any idiot can print and spend money!  How do we trust dems?
I know where cryin chuck/ sniblin schumer, can stick it!!
In god we trust all else send data"
Something you have nothing of
Most of what you say turns out to be a lie. You lied about the plan before it was even disclosed. You can't be trusted.
Wow this talking point AGAIN!!  Only the DNC attacks success and hates it. Top 1% Pay most of the taxes, I have no issue with cuts
Cut the typical liberal crap it’s getting old schumer
More Nazi propaganda Chucky
Just like Obamacare
#fakenews
I would pay 7% less! That might help the 6.65% state income tax!
It's time to pass tax reform! Stop the BS!
Because you haven't done that for decades to ensure your voting block gets "free" shit? OK Chuck.
SCHUMER WHY ARE YOU GETTING PAID BIG MONEY IF YOU ARE POWERLESS TO PUT THE PRESIDENT ON THE RIGHT COURSE ? DO YOUR JOB
 GET OUT OF THE SWAMP
SCHUMER ARE YOU NOT RICH?
THEY AND YOU ARE ONLY STICKING IT IN THE POOR PEOPLE'S ASS! NOTHING FOR YOU TO WORRY ABOUT!
Can you and your ilk do anything besides regurgitating your old, tired democRAT talking points?
Please tell me what you have done for the # American people?? NOTHING!
A MoC said Rs hc plan was to give 1% tax cuts
Rs budget gives 1% tax cuts by cutting medicare, medicaid.
So are they giving up theirs money , of course not. The élite never do with less , the average people only do.
So during the next election for senate and congress, drive through wealthier neighborhoods ( if you can ) and you realize the vote D
Like you dems give a shit about middle class 
Simple question Chuck; when you tax the big spenders more (also biggest tax payers), do they spend less money? Higher Taxes decrease GDP!
Save Medicare and Medicaid. Wealthy don't need another tax cut at the expense of healthcare. Resist!
Go highlight your JOB Description then DO IT
Broken record. You clearly don't understand how middle America gets ahead. 401-k's? Ever heard of it. Govt pension blood sucker
What are you afraid of, tax plan that helps ALL Americans & bus or are you afraid that you will have to pay taxes! NO state tax deduction
Isn't that why you debate the issue? Or you just going to continue to give canned responses about Medicare and Medicaid.
Once again divide our country into classes. Very bad politics Chuck. U never do define middle class? Why Chuck.
This is why there can be no true debate about ANYTHING in DC!  This is simply not true for almost the entire country and you now it!

@SenSchumer @SenateDems I don't believe these tax cuts help the middle class and most Americans are poor or middle class, including Repubs!!
What is your plan Senator? New Yorkers are being killed by taxes.  It's not enough just to complain about the other side. #repealAMT
Are you kidding?!? Dems take the EXACT same donor money. Why won’t you support M4A again?!? You are NOT a leader in this.

Obamacare crashes in 2018. And Socialist Democrats block tax reform for the middle class. They offer no solutions. Great strategy.
That is a TIRED, OLD record - Nobody believes this.
We don’t believe you Chuck. You’ve lied too much for far too long
You mean how Hillary tried to?
Bull shit Chuckie!!! Go away ...
False u lead the party that sticks it 2 the middle class u have taxed us back 2 the Stone Age 2 support ur illegal giveaways
Thank you for the honest and the transparency!!  This is not seen in the Administration today. All we see is self serving agenda by Trump!
Great to see this. True breakdown on how Trumps plan actually affects Americans, rather than Trumps lies. @realDonaldTrump @Impeach_D_Trump
Oh shut up...
Senator, you personally are responsible for much of the acidic atmosphere in DC & for that matter our entire country. Stop the resistance
We have to pay for disaster relief and rebuild a Puerto Rico: we need a tax surcharge for that not a cut and not one that will bankrupt
The country: the notion that the confidence fairy will pay the debt is an insul5 to the intelligence of the American people.
It will bankrupt the country( just like Atlantic City) and we will all be stuck with paying for it: i5 is critically important we stop it
My my chuck....u and all yer big govt cronies r the ones " sticking it " to the middle class . If u wanna do somethin positive ....leave.
Your agenda is to fight @POTUS in spite of what's good for America.
More Democrat lies! Why don't you want tax cuts for the American people? You had plenty of time when traitor Obama was pres.
Anything new or just tired crap from your commie playbook. Whoever has their arm up pelosi's ass moving her lips needs replacing.
you have to see this and learn. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
What's starting soon is more of your lies that U consistently feed 2 the foolish Libtards that believe UR LIES FOOLS
Dems stick it to th mid class by taxin th sht out of rich & busness (job creaters) makin everythin mor expensiv & uncompetitiv so jobs leave
better than Roy Moore
Always GOP is rich party
Oh Chuck,I know your a poor man, a common man and the people’s man but socialism doesn’t and never will. Elites are so funny Sarcasm!
Why not talk about how much corruption in the dem party u want any credibility jail Hillary and Obama then we will listen
Democrats Agenda:
I'm pretty sure the GOP is pretty much just sticking up the middle finger to the middle class, working poor and poor.
Why do libs think everybody else should pay but them? Unbelievable they listen to you instead of actually learning a lil history!
We need tax reform and get your lazy ass voter back in to the work force. Stop giving freebies get their ass working.
But the tax plan will give me a huge tax break and I am not even close to being wealthy. Have any liberals read the tax plan?
Is it impossible for you to offer a positive commentary on anything?  What the hell have the Dems done for the middle class?
Dems have been highlighting that for over 50 years. GOP wants to benefit producers. Dems the poor. Middle class never factors in.
your way will send this nation into bankrupt.
Mr. Schumer those days are over scare tactic don't work. We can't continue the path Obama took. double deficit to 20 trillion. your way
We the middle class are tired of your rhetoric. So we are gonna help @realDonaldTrump DRAIN THE SWAMP! You life timers have got to go.
Scare mongering early I
Sir.. U r in bed w/ GOP who happen 2 be rich.  Do u really care about middle class?  U cant be cuz, we work & pay taxes, the same $$ u need.
Give it a rest, it’s time for uniting, not dividing our country!  Time to set the seeds for growth!
Stop this ridiculous behavior and start working together.  You are the first start to stop all the hate.
BS Senator.  How about we highlight the Dem plan for leaving us stuck in <2% growth and spending spiraling out of control.  #TermLimits
Ole chucky firing up the propaganda pump. Going to feed his sheepeople. FAKE POLITICIAN
That's the language we want to hear, Chuck!
No it doesn't, but your plan is going to destroy lower and middle class. No thanks, please move on. Go finger paint something.
Stop dividing the COUNTRY. We see right through your ignorance!We're putting a spotlight on You!You are the rich sticking it to us. #GigIsUp
Trump is for ALL Americans
You’ve also been in office for over 20 yrs and done NOTHING YOU NEED TO RETIRE AND GO AWAY YOURE GOOD FOR NOTHING. #termlimts
No Mindy Chuckles  should just retire and go away. Take Hill, Nan, Maxie, Liz, with him. Walk n the woods or a long walk on a short pier.
Same old song and dance with you people. It's NOT WORKING ANYMORE! Your playbook is out of date! We the people are going to vote you all out
Thats a lie, everyone is getting a tax cut
What middle class?   Congress had impoverished the middle class long ago with horribly high tax rates and penalties. Then Obama ruined us.
Go for it a hole, resist everything that is good for our country. Health care sucks. Taxes too high for small business to survive.
It really sticks it to the middle class here in ny and it hurts the elderly in no medical deductions also.

#KurdistanBlockade when the world will wake up?  Who should #SupportKurdistan for democracy step to use independence. ?
Yes by our 2000 #peshmerga martyrs. We give blood and lost 3000 #Yezidi women and #Isis destroyed all cheristains area.
We appreciate everyone who #SupportKurdistan even by one tweet. In kurdistan we live together with yezidis cheristains Muslims.
More lying SCARE TACTICS!
Chuck should be selling used cars in New Rochelle.
