You mean like Obama did?
Crying chuck why is NK wanting to give up nukes huh, it's not because of Obama. It seems everything the Democrats/ media say trump can't do he does, so keep it coming losers. 
#MAGA
R u kidding? We missed boat on NK under Dems...Take responsibility. Shame.

I don't suffer stupid... for long!!!
Trump missed the boat on being a decent human citizen. If you're evil at your core, nothing else matters. 

#impeachASAP 
#RussiaGate
The Party of #Obstructionism wants us to go to war with NK? Thanks for nothing Chuck
Just worry about NY Chuck.  Leave the international stuff to the " big boys."
You're batting 100 Chucky. I agree with you on this one too.
100 gets you kicked out of the majors
You are the swamp monster Chuck.
Are u kidding
Lyin cryin chucky missed the boat of winning back power in 2018 because u r w slimy liar who misled Americans. You'll pay at the ballot box!
Senator Schumer, I agree with you on North Korea!  On a separate note; please fight the Republican healthcare bill
Please repeal Obamacare so we can have affordable health care

What planet do you live on, Chuckie?
You mean tough like Obama? Eight years of cowering to China, Russia and Muslim extremists?
Sanctions against Russia alone won't work and you will lose market share ,you have get get allies and sanctions on China Iran nkorea
Time for you to apologize to the American people for all your lies.
Wow.  Chuck Schumer actually wrote this? 

It's as if he actually has no clue what is going on around him.
Compare Dem Congressmans TedLieu'scomments to a 16 yr old minor and to POTUS. Investigate!
TedLieu invitesd a16 yr old minor to Ca to consume class 1 drugs, drink butterbeer &visit movie studio. Is he grooming minors for sex? Investigate!
No,  Obama was too busy HIDING AND LEADING FROM BEHIND, THAT'S WHY WE ARE WHERE WE ARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah, like the extremely tough way you guys have handled everything. Your incessant posturing is both tiresome and hilarious, toughy Chucks
Trump missed the boat?? Obama was Pres for 8 years, Trump just got there...Chuckie is an idiot & a liar.....
You've lied about so many things, why believe anything that comes out of your piehole? LIAR
#45 is a low-life!!!
But better than 44
democratic's kissed the worlds ass for 8 yrs and your talking about getting tough thank god for prez trump
No YOU missed the boat Mr. Schumer! YOU MISSED IT LIAR! 
Sen. Grassley outs Schumer and Schiff! Says they KNEW Trump wasn't under investigation yet STILL told MSM he WAS. 
http://www.hannity.com/articles/hanpr-election-493995/watch-sen-grassley-rips-schumer-for-15937106/ …
Where were you the last 8 years?
Chucky you must hate a lot of US citizens.
Honestly Chuck where do U come w/your ideas/facts in the clouds? How long have U waited 4 China in the last 16 years? Bush/Obama? be honest!
Where were you the past 8 years? Playing party politics and lying with our money.
I wonder what boat Obama missed when he did nothing about Russian hacking?
You guys missed the boat  on a lot of elections!
If Trump missed the boat . It's because you and Obama left the fleet boatless.
You have done nothing yet always profess to know all.   Why didn't you advise 44 or fix Obamacare   All talk
Thank god Obama and u Dems in power did such a great job with China. NOT! Carrying out ur obstructionist plan.
Learn to work with the President.
Obama missed the boat should have gotten that boy home
Just like Clinton 'missed the boat' on letting No.Korea of the hook?  & How Obama 'missed the boat' giving billions to Iran & an OK 4 nukes?
Yeah maybe he should reach out to Obama on how to be tough on N Korea just ask Otto.
sorry to say but even China could do nothing with China.Obama allowed chubby to do what every he wanted and refuse to stop him
Said the guy in the back row. It's called diplomacy. Dems no nothing about. NK time is coming and you'll read about it.
Anything you write is worthless. #washingtonpost #NYTimes are rags and will be out of business as soon as we boycott advertisers!
Another ex of yr monumental hypocrisy. U must believe US Cits have no idea what 8 yrs of inept Dem policy did IRT NK. I know U do, yr elite!
Obama missed that boat for 8 yrs. actually it was a raft.
The pot calling the kettle black
#45 is just desperate to start a war to take the heat off of himself.
President Trump tried and China failed.
Mr Schumer. Trump didn't miss the boat!!! Dems did for 8 years.  Why are the Dems always talking in falsehoods?  Please get your facts right
The do nothing man, you haven't done anything
You are so wrong on this.
I'm sure @POTUS knows this. Your bigger problems are @MaxineWaters, @NancyPelosi, & @SenSanders. You cannot win with them in office.
that is why u and Obama gave hand jobs to the chinese for 8 yrs under dem administration ur a joke
Go get em President Schumer. Oops you're not the President. Shut up and sit down already
Right on
No ,Your Party Missed the Boat.#Losers
Laugher Chuckles
Obama 8 years.What the hell was he doing about Korea? Nothing.President Trump got Otto Warmbier Home.Too bad it was too late.Shame On Obama!
Talk about missed the  boat!

Did you even know there was one?
?
really chuck?  your kids go to your wife when they want you to do something??   Come on dude.  We learned that strategy at five years old
What did you do for the last 8 years, trump has had 5 months..like he can't talk to China anytime
Holy crap you're delusional!! You allowed a pamphlet distributor with zero foreign policy experience run the country for 8 years!! Shame!!
What are you taking ML? You should share with your Dem colleges.  You have finally lost it. 8 years of Obama and now you blame Trump!
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
I don't believe anything u say!
Oh Chucky!! You have had years to do something! Resign!!!
Cheap talk zero behind it
Haha a democrap talking tough.  Joke remember 8 years of OBAMA?
I think you and your girl Nancy better start worrying about yourself instead of President Trump your days are numbered I'm sure you see it
He's done more in five months than Obama did in eight years on North Korea. He's not bending over like u guys. He's fixing your screw ups.
U spend more time on Twitter than actually reaching across the isle and trying to fix health care.
I'm sure things change when u get in there and understand how it's run.
Chuckles the Loser
North Korea's current capabilities are the result of the past administration who did nothing to stop their nuclear advancements.
Trump missed the boat on a lot more than this and I bet he'll miss the boat more in the future. But I do agree with you.
Wouldn't waste my time reading your BS.
Who really gives a crap what you think, say, or write.   Pathetically despicable individual.
Oh Chuck... always pointing out problems, yet rarely do I hear your solutions.
He likes China because they give him nice presents and flatter his extremely small and fragile ego and he makes money using their labor!.
Well you're no help, I have no ideas,  no agenda for America, no solutions to any of the problems, but you sure can kick scream and cry 
Easy to criticize. Difficult to lead. Schumer is taking the easy road.
For 8 years you burped Obama's sperm for doing nothing and now your all but hurt that Trump don't do enough to North Korea?
Chuck did you just read that China is the key we all knew that. Where have you been
You and Obama sat there for 8 years while No. Korea built missiles
Schumer, OBama & Clintons did nothing but weaken our country while you slept. OBama Gave Iran 150 Billion, Clinton gave 4 Billion to Korea
Is this from Uchuck.
Chuck Schumer - You sound like Trump talking! Are you Dems taking notes on how to win? I'f you have no message,copy the winner who does!! 
Yes he did miss the boat...the time to be hard on N Korea was 2 years ago!!!
Well Chuck, reading your followers comments, safe to say you have a bunch of LOSERS agreeing with you. A LOSERS trail. Lol #MAGA
He's the biggest cream puff in the bakery,all you have to do is kiss his ass, and your ass will be held  up high by Trump.
Democrats under Obama are Slowflakes , we finally have a man in the White House !
Trump treated China like shit until he needed them. President Xi saw right through that and gave Trump the middle finger on his way home.
You missed the boat along time ago. That's why you and others are sinking and destroying your party.
Remind me please on what Obama did with north Korea
Allowed them to kill Otto
You guys have been paying off North Korea for almost 30 years. No one has been tough on this regime. No one. What would you suggest chuck.
#CorruptWaPo #COLLUSION #CorruptDems #SchumerSoros
Chuck Schumer you are THE MOST CORRUPT DEM THERE IS.
I keep saying T R U M P   A N D   I V A N K A   D O   B U S I N E S S   I N   C H I N A!  Is this his relationship or our foreign policy?
Had he not taken a diplomatic approach first you pyhco bastards would have bitched.
Seriously u have been wrong about everything.
How come you're not squealing about the Russia thing 
LOL
The GOP needs you
Best Monday morning quarterback in senate! Unfortunately you and your perverted party have lost all credibility! Sad!
8 years of Obama doing nothing and now u think u can give advice?  Chutzpah!
What did Obama ever do with North Korea?
Wouldn't it be great if NK didn't have nukes?
How'd that occurr?
#StayTunedToIran
#DemocratsForeignPolicy
What have you done for America in last 6 months.oh being an obstructionist
When will you stop??? Can't you ALL work together!!! We Americans are watching & listening!! Be careful if you keep obstructing! =NO VOTES
You have got to be kidding me. You are destroying us with your fake outrage, fake news and fake accusations u knew weren't true.
are you kidding me you goon. If trump missed the boat then what Obama miss a cruise ship. You are a liar
No you are blaming the wrong guy.
china & russia are having a ball watching U.S. fall....
@rushlimbaugh @LouDobbs @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump Why didn't Schumer speak up when Bill Clinton was selling technology 2 China & N Korea
He was a Democrat
OBAMA  BUILT THE BOAT TO THESE EVIL LEADERS
Don't need to read it to know you think you are the smartest, most well informed person in DC. Start doing the people's business.

No he's done more than Kerry or any of u.  He's bringing Americans home.
How tuff was Clinton on China?
#crybaby
I do however want sanctions on China
@EricTrump  Chucky You can BS all you want, you are desperate because your party is failing.The WAPO cant save you and your lies.& BS TWEETS
What have you done the last 8 years on North Korea?
Enlighten us please.
I vote in NY.  Why do you always criticize first, it is in bad taste.  Say what you would do, and give him a chance, you act like a dunce.
NO SHIT DICK TRACY, Think Trump does not know that.?
right Obama did real well
Obama had 8 years to be tough on NK..Trump has had 6 months..could comparison on who missed the boat there CHUCKIE
Cryin Chuck lol
Chuck you should have explained this to President Obama the last 8 yrs
Chuck is an obstructionist9
Why are Dems so angry?  All these tweet replies are nasty and mean spirited. I thought chuck didn't like nasty and mean spirited.
China is not US ambassador to NK.  POTUS needs to take the load if situation requires.
NK is China's puppet! Li'l Kim is nuts if he thinks other wise! We keep jamming their missile guidance systems & they don't launch well!
Chuck U your sounding like a Republican. What's up with that.
No Charlie, your logic is flawed. Obama was in office 8 years and did zero. Trump has been in office 22 weeks.
The Blame falls on @Billclinton who gave North Korea $4 Billion of American Tax Dollars not to build Nukes like Obama just did with Iran!
Well you & the Democrats just sat around for 8 years and did nothing about it with Obama.
