After #LasVegas, @POTUS should remember he ran as an outsider who wasn't beholden to special interests. It's time to buck the NRA. 2/
.@realDonaldTrump come out against the GOP's absurd silencers law. Say youll veto it. Bring Congress tgtr & address #gunviolence head-on. 3/
.@realDonaldTrump it's time to stand up to the @NRA & stand up for the over 30,000 Americans who are victims of #gunviolence each YEAR. 4/4
The public health angle and taking a page from car safety is the way
This article is full or lies. Domestic violence makes u prohibited from buying guns. Also car accidents are accidents murder is planned.
It's http://almost.like  you prefer the status quo.
What is the status quo. I don't want a single gun death because then you'd have no reason to cry for more guns laws. Laws won't work
2) People still drive and own cars. People will still own guns. Cars were made safer by studying injuries.
The difference between guns and cars is cars were 100% accidents  gun accidents are pretty low. People purposely use guns to kill. Can we do better with guns you bet ya. Lock um up boys and girls.
POTUS Trump has tried that & Congress won't allow him to use the travel ban
Funny, NOT! In house terrorists do more harm! And will continue! The "foreigners" are being watched but not white Americans! Any of us could
they might have more time to watch "American terrorist" if they didn't have to watch "foreign terrorist" they are importing into the USA!!!
Insure domestic tranquillity.  It's in the preamble to the Constitution.  Shed the NRA $ and get this done!
You are not taking away our rights!!! It's mental illness that the people like you and the Dems don't talk about
Just renew the Federal Assault Weapons Ban y'all let expire in 2004! Shit is OUT OF CONTROL! 
It was George W. Bush who let it expire.
We can sure the hell try, by using Charles Martel's example.
This topic always verifies to me that the US gov't can be bought. Gun control only makes sense, yet big money always wins out.
We cannot banish evil but we can vote out the GOP.
Then we would have the absolute evil of the Democratic Party in power. DNC cause most of our problems, not the GOP.  History proves it.

How dare the GOP say they are pro-life.
Apples and oranges dear
death sooner and death later, dear
The hypocrisy of it all. Look at Trump...his campaign received $30 million from the NRA...
Trump silent about domestic terrorism this time done by a wealthy white guy his age.
Not listening to the right media. He is far from silent
But, we can prevent Muslims from committing their atrocities by not allowing them into country! #Islam is not compatible with #democracy.
As long as Congress steals Taxpayer $ to finance Illegals/Terrorists, the ONLY safety a citizen has is a firearm. I’ll aim for their penis.
Chuck just stop, you're embarrassing yourself. Admit that your Diversity Visa program was a bad idea, apologize for it, and move on.
Banishing you and the Democratic Party would be a fabulous start to getting rid of evil
funny coming from you
Then start by #StopImmigration #DefendLegalAmericans That would be a super start however you do not support US!
We can banish evil from the Congress by kicking out liberal Democrat hypocrites like Chuck Schmuck Schumer.
You just want to throw out the second amendment. Total control over the people is what you want. Politicians like you are what needs to go.
You mean like building a border wall, enforcing travel bans, and extreme vetting? All of which you r opposed. Stop the rhetoric u globalist.
Even more so considering your BS diversity visa program brought him here. This blood is on your hands.
As one of the thousands of NYers who regularly ride on the path where this attack took place, it hits close to home.
Chuck helped author the legislation with Sen Kennedy. And it was signed into law by Bush in 1990. #themoreyouknow
would've been hard, considering Schumer wasn't a Senator then.  Here  ya go.  https://www.congress.gov/bill/101st-congress/senate-bill/358 …
and co-sponsored by 2 R and 2 D.  Back when bipartisanship, and living in reality, were actual things.
Mr.  Schumer. you must be in drugs or senile.   There’s nothing more to be said about your idiocy.
So you wanted tougher gun laws after vegas,funny how we dont hear you idiot democrats talk about tougher immig laws after nyc
Your virtue signaling killed eight people.
He is trying you keep blocking him you fool! You have blood on your hands
We will get close after we banish those of you and your ilk Chuck-We don't cheat with murder election fraud and exploitation like y'all do
How about not having stupid policies that endanger America like your diversity visa program.  That would be a start.
Maybe not from the earth, but how bout we do everything possible to keep them out of America. Wow, what a concept!
be quiet Schumer. America has had it with the sodom and Gomorrah traitors. pray like CRAZY. GRASP ETERNAL DESTINY.
Hey Schumer, pot and kettle here. You brought the terrorist in! And he didn't use a gun! He used a truck! Get on that bandwagon!
You're killing us Chuck, literally.
You mean like you haven't done? Lottery Visa? BS! Merit based only!`
And it just happen in a battle ground state
Could you please start telling America that Trump can not even protect us from bomds at airports
I share with you U.S. SENATOR MR.CORY BOOKER WHAT HI SAID U.S. SENATOR CHUCK SCHUMER
They could start by retiring you and the rest of the useless bags of wind giving yourselves raises and better retirement plans for failure.
Does this mean you'll vote for the border wall?
They are not for the safety of the world!  WW3, is what will happen with this narcissistic idiot leading our country
We can't even banish evil and madness from the White House.
Hmmm, here's an idea; We can meet you half way by making it illegal for Democrats or their Security to own or possess a firearm. :)
Banish Evil...Vote every Dem Out of DC.
you have put forth nothing that would stop one killing. admit it you want to ban all guns. it is the only thing that will work. but it won't
You should check the video
I trust they are doing everything to keep us safe. It's you and Nancy Polosi I do NOT trust to keep us safe. You support illegals w/Nancy.
You need to get out He is but you obama killary and the libatards  don't do anything but obstruct
Letting illegals into our country without vetting and no wall is making us safe? Let alone the DACA people have criminal records?
Deport All Muslims...that's a start
YOU ARE NOT DISARMING THE AMERICAN CITIZENS! #NAZI
We did banish - HRC not in White House and Clinton Foundation closed
WTF - then build a Wall, stop immigration from radical islamic nations and keep felons in Jail. Chuck is a Big League Con Man!
chick you had 55 years and you have done nothing - please resign
you and Nancy are the evil ones.
dream the impossible dream- white men on the hill too beholden to NRA-and corrupt & Top Dog biggest alligator while your pack rudderless
Like you did for 8 years? Huh?
At the same time the average person needs a gun to be able to protect themselves.
He's trying and Dems are working against him. Need to grow up, be a bigger person
By taking more of our #Constitutional rights away? Sick of your politics Chuck. #retire Chuck.
You just made our argument for reduced refugees, no illegals and the border wall. thanks Chucky. Good job.
Why don't you buck Planned Parenthood @SenSchumer and maybe millions of babies will be saved.
Safer place to live? Haha tell me when they make the east safer place to live? Just wars. Jesus is the solution.
By keeping guns in the hands of the responsible populous. I couldn't agree more
You can start by doing your job. Stop screwing Americans just so you can screw @POTUS!
More  ppl need to be armed today to protect themselves. Then I think you will see these crimes go down
You can't violate the rights of the American ppl. You can however get rid of your arms and guards and your fences
Fat chance for that! They love money not Americans! Wake the hell up America!!
Then, Congress, make the NRA impotent, refuse to work with them, accept their dollars, tainted with the blood of hundreds of Americans.
Sad when NRA pay to play money supercedes the lives of thousands of Americans!
Yes so stop all the illegal immigrants from pouring into our country
Build the wall and deport all illegals! You can go with them
Impeach Trump. That’d be a good start.
Hey Chuck, explain why you Dems never talk about Chicago? Rofl
If you really want to disrespect America continue with the line that we are helpless against gun violence. Australia can do it and we can't?
Then help our president bring all Americans together it always starts at the top doesn't it?
If we could banish it @SenSchumer and his colleagues would be gone!!
Congress has no backbone!   Given NRA all the power
We can banish evil we have the power and #25thAmendmentNow
Banishing evil is exactly what we all should be doing on a daily basis everywhere we see it
By banishing themselves?
NO! The answer is teaching from youth living the 10 commandments in particular thou shalt not kill!!! More gun laws is not the answer!
Start by impeaching traitors.
You're right. We can't banish evil or madness. If we could @realDonaldTrump wouldn't be in office.
And good luck with that
Fellow reps pockets are lined with NRA blood money.little will be done. Thoughts and prayers won't fix this.
We can start to banish evil and madness from our earth. Just banish the orange moron in the WH. Along with his family and appointees! Easy!
The argument that “No law would have stopped the #LasVagasShooting is asinine. DD laws don’t stop all drunk drivers but they DO prevent...
...plenty of deaths. Just because we can’t make something perfect doesn’t mean we can’t make it *better*.
Agreed!
Chuck I love ya - you know I do. But the only thing anyone out here is going to respect now is RESULTS. Forget the big statements and fix it
The anchor of socialism is envy. Divisive,  Old Schumer has a track record leading to other people's pocketbooks.
@POTUS needs to resign to make our country safer.
Get rid of the left wing nut jobs
I don't want the government protecting my life, I want the govt out of my life
At the very least if @GOP coddles mass murders and their "toys" then Health Care for All to cover medical bills for survivors #midterms
Yes!!!!! Amen to that
Term limits, gun control won't work
I always thought this kind of evil was controlled by putting ppl in jail. So, I don’t buy we have no control over evil.
We need to take the big money out of politics. https://www.issueone.org/ 
maybe we can't banish evil from the Earth, but we should be able to get it out of the White House.
Persons who treat the First Amendment like trash and the Second Amendment as if it was the 11th Commandment don't care about Public Safety.
How about universal single-payer healthcare, including mental health services, so maybe some of these people can easily obtain help.
Wow Chuckie you have quite the echo chamber here bet that makes you feel good
I have an idea stop bringing in criminal illegal immigrants we have enough of our own crazies thanks
Have to address mental health.
None of those victims were killed by the NRA. Most if not all, killed with illlegal weapons.
Start by deporting all undocumented aliens, and all Muslim "refugees" that cannot be thoroughly vetted. Disingenuous 2 say the least Senator
Bombs are illegal in Europe but scores of people die.
Chuck you and Cuomo think that taking away our weapons is going to make us safe.if you want to make us safe fight the enemy not us citizens
Pretty talk. Now do something! Do some thing. Earn your pay.
WELL THEN DO IT! No more BS!  Be leaders and make it happen!

Chuck U
Absolutely zero reason for people to be able to buy military style weapons designed for maximim lethality.
I feel menaced by the proliferation of guns. It’s interfering with my pursuit of happiness. 
Do something @GOP @SenDeanHeller @MarkAmodeiNV2
congress shall not make laws that impede on 1st and 2nd Amendment right...politicians follow the words of founding fathers
#ProDeathGOP
Good luck with that.
@POTUS  will do nothing. Congress will do nothing. It's OK, we're used to it #SandyHook
With your resistance you are making it worse!
True, you can't banish Evil. But you CAN banish machine guns and armor-piercing ammo in the hands of anyone NOT A SOLDIER/MARINE.
If @realDonaldTrump @POTUS want to make the world a safer place, he should resign.
Chicago has the strictest gun controls and it's dangerous to live there.
All the gun deaths in Chicago & nothing from you. Hypocrites always politicizing what gets you votes @SenSchumer #VegasStrong
We could start with banishing you
Yes leave with all your help on Healthcare we simply can't take anymore of govt help.  Friends like you who needs enemies
You can start fighting evil by supporting legislation to ban abortions after 20 weeks. #THEYFEELPAIN
You can start by supporting legislation to ban abortions after 20 weeks. #TheyFeelPain
No but society has become overrun w evil and madness. We can change this ! And we must !
BRAVO SIR SCHUMER 
Chuck how about sponsoring legislation to limit ammunition per purchase as well as levy $50 dollar tax on each bullet purchased.
This is “White Supremacy” treatment. Because the killer is white is treated as “shooting” and nobody in the GOP wants to talk about it! DS!!
Secured borders does that.!
Yeah, by nationwide conceal carry
Yes thank God you and Nancy and Obama took care of gun control when you had the chance... We need them to protect against peeps like you.
The previous POTUS, Mr Obama, tried with all his heart and soul and political might and the darkness opposed him.
trump is proof that we can't banish evil & madness
Can you at least banish evil from the White House?!
“F” the wall!!!
Maybe if the left would stop spewing hate, these things would not happen.

Have you offered condolences to the families, or empathy towards the injured? The left are like scavenger birds;swooping in to feast...
Resulting from freedoms that are taken for granted, destructive behaviors and diminishing cultural values.
U ppl have NO common sense! CRIMINALS & PSYCHOS  DON'T OBEY LAWS! More GUN CONTROL will only render law abiding public TOTALLY DEFENSELESS!
It can start with Congress passing gun control!
Um there is evil and madness in the WH.
Start by getting rid of democrats and liberals!!!!
What’s it going to take for Congress to put common sense into law?
“...establish justice and ensure domestic tranquility...” Please do so. It is the promise we’ve made to ourselves.
Another NRA membership.
The POWERFUL DEADLY TOBACCO LOBBY seemed all-powerful-but WERE brought down. THE NRA Counts On CONGRESSPERSONs $$ to hold us hostage
Then stop the sale of automatic conversion kits. Stop sales on the internet of these devices.
Ban liberals, problems solved!
Ok crybaby
It is such a shame that a Senator has to make this plea. We are lost and need a President.
If we discover he targeted these people bc they were likely @realDonaldTrump voters it is you Chuck who has blood on your hands.
Start by respecting and preserving the values and traditions of our family, religion and country.
Congress can do something without repealing the 2nd Amendment ! Military Grade Weapons not for general public & high capacity clips
