YOU STAND WITH MURDER>>>>>GOD DOESN'T !
wow Spanglish 4 the biggest killer of black and Latino "ninas"? I'm impressed
This is America communicate in English.
The kickbacks from PP must be UGHE 4 U & Ur 2 girlfriends, @SenWarren & @NancyPelosi for you to INSIST on this issue...it is so evident
Wow impressive Spanish. Gold star 4 u! Oh, sorry didn't mean to interrupt your recess aT P.S. 113!
1. Advocating for women doesn't equal not for men. 2. Men never have healthcare unique to them threatened/barred
NEWSFLASH! Abortion IS NOT ILLEGAL in USA.. don't NEED planned parenthood to get one...there's millions of md's who can do them clean & safe
was talking to monk,where he referred to health issues " threatened/barred. & also to anyone else who thinks their lives are in peril w/o pp
Like the Dems want us to believe...that without planned parenthood...our lives are over....LIES!  DEMS MUST BE GETTING KICKBACKS FROM PP
im offended! I dont read in spanish..
Which basically means stand for abortion..you know--dismember your kid
Schumer es un liberal mentiroso. Planned Parenthood mata a los seres humanos no nacidos. Las mujeres tienen mejores opciones.
liar
Tomar otra bebida y agredir a las mujeres!
I don't Habla anything but English!
Since the populous in US is dying from the top, & breeding like rats from the bottom, I totally agree that abortion MUST remain legal in US!
no taxpayer funded abortion
Chuck Schumer: siempre el maniquí más grande en la sala de
so you love to kill babies an sell baby parts it takes sick people to.do such bull
we speak English in America
Selling Fetal tissue? That's not their purpose? They don't have rt to sell someone's fetus. Thats horrendous. Sick 2 my stomach.
Thank you Senator! Women deserve the right to make
their own reproductive choices. Contraceptives and sex Ed = Planned births.
Shameful for a Jewish man to support this genocide of African American babies!!
BABY KILLERS
Carte verde por favor.


you know CHUCK until you apologize to the flight attendant and you apologize to the tourists in the chamber and EVERYONE ELSE
#schumer this guy is an idiot. I hate that my tax $ are paying his salary. I would rather through the money in the trash.
if planned parenthood did its job right, we would not have Schumer or Obama.
under no circumstances are you to make any deals with Trump unless we can have an investigation into his Russian ties
Vote for Gorsuch
I bet you can't speak a word of Spanish. Why do you want Hispanics to kill their children? Don't you like them?
God created those tens of millions of human babies you viciously& hatefully slaughter.  God says the same will happen to you!
so you don't think Latinos speak English? Isn't this racist?
it is not the American people responsibility to pay for abortions for Americana or illegals
so Sen. Schumer when will we see an up down vote you beloved in in 2013.
excuse me Mr shumer this is America and we speak English here
yes, make it easy 4 welfare vermin and liberals 2 self terminate, I love it!!!
Yes.  Kill more babies. Chuck Schumer wants you to!
How many millions of unborn do stand to be mutilated that will not know womenhood? You stand for all the wrong reasons.
Calling for protest and marching today you are in sighting civil unrest in the nation. Shame on you, That's not your job, Soros
Do you support a nine month old human being being aborted!!! Barbaric, unconscionable and unacceptable
Schmucko berated woman at restaurant so quick push the Planned Parenthood propaganda. And put it up in Spanish.. that'll do it!
PP serves no purpose it duplicates services provided elsewhere another "well intended" program left to be abused can it cog
Ahhhh huaa...65% of Hispanic or as you say Latin women are opposed to abortion, Muslim women 100% oppose, whom are you kidding?
say no to planned parenthood.
Chuck what makes pp any difference than Hilter , Stalin, Pol Pot, Mao. and democratic party ? After the murder 70 million babies
Mamzer!, eugenics Sanger is happy with you
chuck u guys stand tall don't break ranks let trump squirm like the worm he is make him come to u
My Italian grandparents had to speak English to become citizens but I guess that doesn't matter to u.
why wasn't it important 4 U 2 investigate Bill Clinton's ties with the Chinese or Hillary's ties with all the foreign gvts & $$$
God Bless America, and God Bless Donald J Trump!!

you're thilly, just thilly I say!
Go home
tú eres el político más hipócrita que ha tenido el partido democRATS en décadas, eres una vergüenza para la democracia
you are the most hypocritical politician the democRATS party has had in decades, you are a  shame for the democracy and for USA
Absolutely not. Nota money for this organization.
English this is America.  I forgot you think it's something else
Chuck you speak and write Spanish!
Abortion business. It's all about killing babies of color. The genocide of the poor.
NO GOV. Funds for abortion!!  That's my damn money !
- 
¿Has inventado todo eso por ti mismo? - Chuck #tool #spanishhomer
Chuck Schumer es el hombre mas tonto en América.
English is official US language
I can't find legislation records to support your claim.
No quisiera que mis impuestos financiar algo así como aborto!
Diablo
Qué pasa La vida de un niño???
I don't want my tax dollars to pay for women to kill their babies. They can pay for it and function on donations fine.
Murderers.

American English please
I can't read that
He's pandering for voters
losses cool  now   in Spanish - Is this Mezzo restaurant in upper east side 
Do you folks know how Planned Parenthood got started and why? Very racist and now the Dems who started it are defending it
hey Chuckles speak English. The DNC hasn't been successful in turning us into Mexico yet.
TRANSLATION:
I'm a sanctimonious d-bag....good thing I wear a tie.
Hasta lavista bambino.
PP no ofrece exámenes caros cómo ultrasonidos solamente para matar el bebé y NO para dar luz!-yo lo experimenté y soy testigo!
el senador está apoyando servicios médicos que no existen solo benefician cuando hay abortos/muerte #familia #niños #corrupción
they are gonna vote again for trumpcare next week even though they worked on it for 5 days

desafortunadamente los servicios de PP son limitados/benefician cuando hay abortos y no cuando uno quiere tener el bebe! #niños


I thought you were American!

If only your parents shared your view on abortion.
