Senate GOP, White House plan final, urgent blitz to pass health-care law http://wapo.st/2u1KyuU 
"When Trump returns from Europe, he plans to counter the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office’s analysis of the legislation...
"...which shows that 22 million fewer people would have insurance coverage by 2026 than under the current law —"
"...with figures and analyses from conservative groups and Republicans that show more benefits and less disruption, should the bill pass"
Enough is enough!!!!! When will you protect the American people?!,!?!?!!?
Senator, i do not think the words "non-partisan" should EVER me associated with you
There is no such thing a Non-Partisan. We've seen this with the FBI.
Sounds like a liberal strategy to me. Chuck is slipping and giving up the ghost. Better HRC him quick before they put him before the senate
So chuckles just makes up new numbers. Does Chuck have Obamacare? I doubt it they have different healthcare payed for by American citizens
Hey Chucky remember this? If u like ur Dr and ur Healthplan u can keep it too. It will save ur family $2500. Probably not. FAKE NEWS
OMG, we are SO beyond that. The GOP sabotaged the ACA from the start (remember Mitch McConnell vowing to completely obstruct Obama?) 1
This has been their entire agenda; undo anything Obama did, with NO regard to the effect on us, the people.They want to "win," 2
and have no interest in how it affects you & I. Time to wake up, quit shooting yourself in the foot, & "right fighting." You're being conned
Sounds like what you did with NObamacare.

Yes it is
You can keep your DR Your premiums will go down
Why didn't you take that advise before passing ACA? Partisan hipocrit!
Chuck do something,like action and not hot air.
CBO is being investigated for mistakes made on scoring GOPCARE
All I hear from you are complaints.  What I would like to hear is how you are helping!
Just like Obama did with #Obamacare ?  #SelectiveOutrage  #SelectiveMemory
Shame on you
I'm sure Donald took the easy way out because he is a weak jealous coward.
I'd like to see the CBO score on Obamacare right now, I also remember AARP loved Obamacare. This plan couldn't be near as bad
Try working together constructively!
Fake numbers. Chucky you have a short memory. The fake numbers and lies about Obama Care. You hypocrite!
PLEASE!!!!  YELL!!!  They're trying to take down EVERY ONE OF OUR INSTITUTIONS!  It's 100% Bannon!  Get him OUT!!!  NOW!!!  YELL!!!
DEMS!!! WAKE THE FK UP NOW!!!!  They're ruining our country!  Every day they're SLAUGHTERING everything WE stand for! Start YELLING!!!
#Come2018TheMajorityOfTheseGOPDeathDealersWillBeVotedOutOfOffice
As all y'all did w o care u guys r useless 100% go get a day job u suck at this one schumer
WARREN BUFFETT says: "The Republican Healthcare bill should be called the TAX RELIEF for the RICH ACT".!!   GOP Healthcare Bullying!
I wouldn't b surprised if 45th buys a nobel prize winner to arrive to fake conclusions-Done already w tobacco, GMO, glyphosate!
ABSOFUCKINGLUTELY
Resign
Are you talking about OBAMACARE?
Chucky the plan that was bad is OBAMA CARE. Never lived up to anything the Marxist program was suppose to do. ! Your short memory

You should Practice What You Preach their Chucky boy you get sleazier everyday can't wait till you're gone
#killthebill
better than O-care . learn from O's errs  ! Spking of No#'s 100,000 to 700Billion  to die [ T-care] , Quotes from dumb to dumbest Demo !
What the hell you still don't know what's in the illegal presidents Obama health plan. Grow up
Why wait he can always tweet

WATCH! Obamacare Is Destroying American Lives! 

It MUST Be Repealed! #BigGovSucks 
You must be talking about Obamacare why not comments on it's failing state Hypocrite
Watch out for your reelection...may not happen. This country is changing and is taking out the trash
You dems would know
My money is on fake numbers. Just easier.
That's exactly what you are good at, making up fake numbers to fit your progressive agenda.
Federal Employees Health Benefits Program 4 All Americans, what seems to be the issue. Good 4 GOP/DEM
@VAL_MAYNARD Well what do you expect from a GOP Congress currently protecting  rusdian war criminals in the White House.
I'm alive thank ACA & God.
I am Gay 
Alone
Homeless
Terminally Ill
Battle daily for services housing safety
White
Male
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
You should know Schumer, because you definitely know how to make up fake numbers. If you can't say something to help our country, RESIGN!
@CoryBooker @washingtonpost and I hope a lot of people in Jersey look at Booker and both his tired ass out to
@CoryBooker @washingtonpost no Schumer it's you and all the Democrats are saying that it's bad why can't you just work I hope
You can honestly say the Democrats have not helped one bit so you need to resign you do not care about the American people Mr. Schumer!
Healthcare wasn't too bad before ACA, esp if you had a job. Work to get people off welfare and get them a job. Repeal ACA.  #SCHUMERISACLOWN
Sorry but both sides have lied to the people for so long, we trust none of you. Implament term limits , no more career politicians,
Good way to measure it. Guess we should throw out the ACA as well and go back to 2007. what do you think about that, or are a partisan hack?
#ProtectOurCare from @SenMajLdr and @GOP tactics!
Time to bite the bullet & start fighting for universal single payer , Chuck ... That's the key to 2018 ...
You would know Chuckie
You made no change to Obamacare. Why change now

Trump won't speak to the Democrats about Trumpcare, which proves he's not the "Great Negotiator" he claims to be! @realDonaldTrump
Chuck Schumer. What is your plan?.What is your solution to the downward death spiral of ACA? IRS penalties from millions who can't afford it
Kind of like the OMB?
When you refuse to hold town halls because you don't want to hear people's concerns about the plan, then it's a bad plan!
Wouldn't it be nice if all democrats in congress, and all @HillaryClinton voters were forced to have Obama Care as their primary insurance!
They are under Obamacare. Read before making unsubstantiated claims.
Sorta like fake news
As you did in 2010?
@SenSchumer You should know by now that WaPo is extremely shady #FakeNews
@CoryBooker Chuck Schumer you're getting old you need to step down get out of there you do not have any good ideas.
You're unpopular!
Fox News Poll: Favorable Opinion - @FLOTUS, @POTUS, @VP, @NancyPelosi, & @SenSchumer. 
Like you and Obummer did with Obummercare?
@washingtonpost #liberal #BS
Why is that what obummer did
What's the matter, Chuck??? Don't like people using PLAYS FROM  YOUR PLAYBOOK???
@SenateMajLdr Well Leader your plan is going to fail. The VP and Sen. Cruz are not going to work. Cruz is loathed and VP is a spineless blob
4 more GOP senators reject " TRUMPCARE bill " !
I *just* saw that

[Heart does a happy dance]
No. It's got nothing to do with healthcare. It's a tax cute for trump & his ilk.
Where is @DNC plan for 2020? Left fractured. Trump campaigning.  #need leadershipnow
20 Trillion $  debt---do you care?
No fake numbers we are not democrats
Like Obama Care
Oh, you mean like CNN, MSNBC, NBC, ABC, etc? Yeah, Chuckie....your finally right about SOMETHING!
Thanks to all of you who fight to provide good health care to the people. Your efforts are appreciated. Bet you all get elected in 2018
Change up fake out: what Democrats routinely do daily
Where's plan Chuck?
Sort of like they said about ACA
Shut the chuck up!
Oh like you did with Obama care?
You mean like what Obama did with Obamacare
Or just keep up your lies #cryingchuckie
I say change plans and make things better.
That's what you guys did with Obamacare.
Sure Cruz can make up lots of lies. Someday his children ( unless made Stepford women) will ask why he hated Americans especially women.
Like Obama care !
Says the idiot that voted for the disastrous Obama Care!
Does a non-partisan org actually exist. No. Start working for ALL the American people and stop obstructing.
The democrats made fake numbers with Obamacare. All you Democrats know lie lie lie and when in doubt lie
They should take advice from you Chuckie. You and your party are experts at making up numbers
You mean like making up fake news!!! Hypocritical stmt
We know you are fake everything. You knew @POTUS was not under investigation for "RUSSIA" yet you still promoted it for months! #fakenews
Trump is under investigation for collusion, obstruction of justice and money laundering. Mueller has prosecutors on his team. I wonder why 
Could not be as bad as the Ocare plan you and your fellow demmies passed under O!
TheDemocrats, #DemsResist &  #childrenofthecorn  #FakeNews want to undermine democracy & undermine the Presidency of the United States
Like the ACA? It's not a tax, no wait it is. Good thing I save $2500 annually, no wait, my premiums/deductibles went up...
Stop #TheResistance & #DemsResist #childrenofthecorn manipulate lies & erroneous rhetoric #MakeAmericaGreatAgain2018 Vote #GOP 2018-2020

#crychuckcry
@washingtonpost @SenateGOP Reject TrumpCare it benefits special interest at the expense of the people!  Mitch Agenda is WRONG!
Sounds exactly like what the looney liberals did with obummercare! Do what you do best and pass it to see what's in it!
Yous are good at fake everything  misinforming the people for years to cover truth of yous all. Greed, racists, anti- America.
Why didn't you listen on Obamacare?   That is killing Americans you killed them with your bad choices
Chuck and Dems r what's wrong with America. No values, no future, no decency, no morals.#MAGA #DrainTheSwamp.
Hate to resort to hackneyed old clichés, but HASTE really does make WASTE. Take you time and DO IT RIGHT.
Resist.
As long as the 1% gets a huge tax cut Turtle man wins, that's ALL they care about
Or you can allow the bad plan that they said was good go belly up.
Ask Obama and Clinton
Obama said keep your doctor lie. Keep your plans LIES.
https://twitter.com/RapinBill/status/883478412987334657 …
I think the rule of thumb is: when the liberals say the plan is bad it means it's the best thing for the country.
BAD PLAN is 28 Million Americans STILL NOT Covered by Obamacare after 7 years & Senate Democrats could give a Rat's Ass!
just like obamacare,
What do you or they know, you are the ones that put BHO Care there in the first place saying it was such a great plan.
Or just push it through and harm the whole nation. #Obamacare
NY and Calif no longer set the direction of the US. Upsetting to Charles Schumer and Nancy Pelosi no doubt, they've been unruly this yr!
Or you pass the bill so you know what is in the bill?  Hypocrite!!!
So was obummer care but you passed that anyway. Your anti American
When the public agreed that Obamacare was bad, they just voted your a$$es out of office. Dems have been in a political free-fall since 2010
Only Senator Chuck would know and understand that tactic, you perfected it. Resign 
Isn't that a page out of your Democrat playbook Chuckie? Why are you giving away your secrets?
@SenSchumer - You should know about making up fake numbers! Poor families who can't afford Obamacare because you design it for the Wealthy
Like obamacare !
Arrogant and Stupid GOP would rather throw America Into a rage rather than move on to a Bi-partisan compromise on Health Care.
But enough about Obamacare
FAKE MEDIA AND FAKE MOVEMENT OF THE LEFT-NO FAKE NUMBERS ON THE RIGHT.?????
If @SenateMajLdr wants to lead @gop into political suicide, why not just step aside an let him
How many "final urgent blitzes" have we had so far on this? I'm losing count
these idiots are great at making up false numbers...
If Donny gets community service Donny can do it on golf cart!
Thank you and I totally agree!
Schumer u r a hack. most of the 22 mill. are people CHOOSING not to get insure, Stop lying 4 your progressive agenda admit Ocare sucks
what happens when those who opt out get in a bad car accident, follow ur argument..bet u won't take the challenge Trumpeters never do SAD!

Trump says Obamacare is in a "death spiral." His administration's data says that isn't true. http://53eig.ht/2uRLs9x 

So why haven't you dropped support of failing Obamacare?
exactly, ,...but the fountain of youth is real, beats all health care, and can be proven, its worth lots of money.....
@washingtonpost @costareports Or flat out lie about keeping your plan and keeping your doctor
Sounds like taking a page from the Democrats and Obamacare.Recall what the CBO said about the coverage it would provide.
Have some respect for your president you are the enemy
When he respects the people....I'll respect him!
His delivery may be a bit brutal but he speaks the truth that everybody else is thinking and scared to say
When you see a clown in politics I don't vote for them or join them @terrymendozer @larryelder @julieroginsky @AwakenOne16 @GeraldoRivera
the trump people who support this bill do so at their peril in the next elections
Is that what y'all did 8 years ago with obummercare
Cryin Chuck definitely knows all about making up false numbers
#healthcareForAllHumans
#ePluribusUnum. Does it mean anything to your
Fool
You still lying to the American People. ..
GOP funny numbers. Comedians.
Time to stop lying sch. #UseLess
VOTE NO, we do not want Trump Care, work with Democrats &a fix ACA.
Why don't you come up with something better odumbass care is dead
anyone have a list of all non partisans who oppose?? AMA, AARP, AHA ...
#Trumpcare
Listen Chucky. That's what you guys did.
Can you recuse your mouth please?
same was said about aca but you passed it anyway. Then you did nothing to improve it for 7 yrs. Why not try and improve?
Mr. Schumer when you use the WAPO as a source my eyes roll, just like A. Cooper on CNN. Sad.
Just repeal it-O care was completely partisan.  Only a bipartisan healthcare bill should even be considered
2.бюджет на развитие мирной экономики из сферы ВПК евреев,войн,срывая план бедственного развала экономики.
Эти планы не подходят евреям,потому что уводят бюджет на
