So do you really think Garland would have got 60 votes? No. Nomination was changed. There will never be one nominated until 1 party has 60.
Or McConnell with use the nuclear option
*will
Yes in deed change the nominee
If Schumer becomes President, that could happen, but he's not. Pres Trump changed the nominee & Gorsuch will be named  the SCOTUS Friday.
Trumptards have no common sense
Time to get over it. He will have another chance 2 nom someone again soon.
I wouldn't hold my breath Highly doubt the TURTLE @SENMAJLEADER gives a Damm U Dems should of never gave hearing Didn't give Garland any
You can breathe now.  Gorsuch will be confirmed one way or another.  Garland's nomination was over the day Obama left office
The GOP are the equivalent of a child who loses a game & instead of taking their ball & going home they change the rules in their favor.
Think you got the parties mixed up.  It describes Schumer to a tee.
Yeah back to Merrit Garland.
No need.  His nomination died the day Obama left office.
Be careful. If they go Nuclear, for the rest of DT's term, the GOP can do whatever they want-a dangerous precedent.
And when the D's are back, you want them to be able pass any legislation they want, immediately, with no input/guidance from R's??
so Sen. Schumer, should a bill like the ACA have been changed when they couldn't get 60 votes?
SCOTUS doesn't have anything to do with the budget so rules regarding reconciliation don't apply.
it's still hypocritical. Reconciliation can be used for non budget items btw. Reid was foolish.
NOT unreasonable 2 want 2 keep 60 vote standard for an act that can't be undone. Can't repeal SCOTUS nominee once confirmed
Garland or no one.
Harry Reid was an awful but you're worse than he was even when he was at his craziest! Your strictly political obstruction is shameful!
#confirmgorsuch
GOP does NOT have a #mandate. #trump is under investigation by  #FBI. Our election was #hacked by #russia. #StopGorsuch #NoCloture #resist
Very catchy, Chuck.
@SenSchumer sorry but I'm not N favor of filibuster 4 this, the nuclear option is going 2 hurt down the road & U will B blamed 4 it. 2018?
First time for everything eh?  filibustering an up or down vote.... we are not stupid.....
The so-called PREZ TRUMPSKY didn't get all the votes. I think WE need to change the rules.
Thank you Harry Reid!
Then why did the democrats change the rules for all other federal judges ?
And gorsuch sides with the corporations.  Nit good for us. Look to his 2008 decisions and where his support lied.
2 corporations he sided with because he followed the law.  Anything else?
Of course...no answer
Your job is to verify that the nominee put forward is qualified to hold the position. You are to leave your and your party's view out of it!
You and your party has failed the American People once again!  Trump is our president so get over it you criminal cry babies!  #MAGA
Just leave the seat empty, like Cruz and McCain advocated if Hillary were Pres. We can wait until we have a legitimate president.
How hypocritical! Compare your speech on 11/24/13 & 3/23/16 when U stated conflicting views regarding this rule. You have yourself to blame.
A filibuster of Gorsuch is like an unprovoked attack on Pearl Harbor! Best part Dems aren't smart enough to see same result  NUCLEAR OPTION!
Is that you Chuck in the picture?
Not
Chuck...this guy is 100 times more qualified than the last 2 in..Stop fking around & do your damn job. Reid was the 1st to mention nuke opt
Constitution has no requirement for 60votes
You aren't the President, Schumer, so stop acting like you are. #VOTEGORSUCH
Going nuclear would be bad for both sides. Have you all forgotten garland would not even be considered a year before the 2016 election?
There was nothing wrong with the nominee!
he is not Garland. Mcconnell screwed scotus over last year.. Remember that
Ur Harry Reid started this practice.  So its ok for him and the Dems but not ok for the GOP.  Hypocrit fool.  What about Susan Rice.  Losers
Remember all those times Obama changed the nominee when they couldn't reach 60 votes?
Oh wait, they changed the rules.  Sorry, now payback.
and if the nominee doesn't get the 60 votes because you decided before he was nominated you wouldn't be voting in favor that is obstruction!
Still throwing a tantrum over Garland. Biden Rule. Elections have consequences.
Hi, @SenSchumer #Gorsuch
Democrats who voted for Gorsuch in 2006 (UNANIMOUS) confirmation 

#NeverForget 
WE WANT TO CHANGE THE DEMOCRATS ALL OF U! UR LIES & BEING UNPATRIOTIC WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH! WE ARE SICK OF ALL OF U!
Obama put 2 liberals on the court, u want Pres Trump to put on another?
More democratic hypocrisy. Blame Sen Reid 4 destroying the decorum of the Senate. You're just as bad Chucky, if not worse. UR words R TOXIC.
When did you need 60 votes?
this is why the democrats keep losing elections! U look like a crybaby sir that you lost the election! get over it and do something for once
You're a hypocrite! Ok for Reid to change rules! this is the Reid option! Republicans voted for two of Obamas picks! Dems are done, sad!
When a judge is confirmed 99-0 and you voted yes the nominee should get confirmed ... maybe its time to change the person in your seat.
If McConnell goes nuclear for Gorsach he should then consider the possibility of Liz Warren's transgender, atheist, socialist judge.
Schumer is out of step with his party who agree Gorsuch is right. He's using his new celebrity to grandstand for his own notoriety - Fraud
Democrats claimed to be the adults in the room when Obama was president but have proven they are a bunch of babies like they claimed
Republicans were throughout the Obama administration
Because Senate rules trump the Constitution, the Supreme law and foundation of this country. And because Chucky says so and the minority
Always wins, just look at how things are going so far with all the Executive orders going back where they belong. Want change pass laws,
Too bad that numerous judges haven't got 60 votes but didn't have their confirmation blocked by children throwing a fit and invoking cloture
Democrats are a bunch of hypocrites who can't offer any good reasons to block the confirmation of Gorusch. But go ahead and commit further
Political suicide, This isn't Obama, he doesn't have a year to go....
Harry reid changed the rules, come on chuck common sense
Please filibuster the nominee regardless of the nuclear option. MAKE the republicans take the nuclear option. Don't be nice.
Sen Schumer you are acting like a spoiled child - this nominee is qualified but you are still holding grudges - think of the people for once
Glad was left for the people to decide who chooses. Schumer needs to realize and get over they lost. Sore Loser!!!
It depends on why he doesn't get the 60 votes. If people are playing politics with a highly qualified man, then nuclear option is justified.
You know how to tell when Chuck Schumer is lieing? His lips are moving!
not when the opponents are playing dirty politics
Then why did you change the rules when then situation was turned around: hypocrite
Yes
Honey bunny Harry Reid loves the option of NUCLEAR.  Thank you Harry
So that you can crucify the next candidate just like you did the first. No way. Children having a hissy fit. Grow up you lost
POS SCHUMER BIDEN AMENDMENT?  HYPOCRITES PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY
Garland wouldn't of received 60 either and Obama would of tried to push him through. That's one reason why a vote never happened.
democratic party u should all be in jail for treason
You got it Bass-Ackwards, When the Prestigious Nominee has a higher public acceptance than the senate voter it's time to play "By the rules"
The Minority Party doesn't get to pick SCOTUS Judges. Obama had 2 picks, both worthless. One was never even a judge.
Yeah right-like that's what you would do. Hope ya get Ted Cruz next! #confirmgorsuch
BS!! Just trying to keep up with the crooked DEMS actions when they were in charge of Congress and White House!!
Harry Reid changed the rules Chuckie, now you have to play by them...tsk,tsk.
Not for SCOTUS.
#stolenseat
Schumer is out of step with his party who agree Gorsuch is the right. He's using his new celebrity to grandstand for his own benefit - Fraud
How about we replace you?
Funny, when Harry Reid changed the Senate rules it was okay. But now you don't like his rule change, you are do hypocritical and biased.
yes!
No, when the nominee doesn't get the votes because Dems are acting like babies instead of adults you do what's necessary.
When democrats continue to act in a very disgraceful manner, you also do what's necessary. You're actions are so shameful.
no you know historically a prez does not nominate in last year of presidency-you know and Obama knew it, but he couldn't just be decent
because Judge Gorsuch is a magnificent choice
Yeah so Schumer is out of NYS! Woo who
Chucky, who changed the rules? Same rules Dirty Harry & you fought for.
#confirmgorsuch
Yes sir. Thank you!
Would have been held up as truth a few months ago had there been a vote at all. Truth and you ALL know it.
You can thank Harry Reid, 60 not needed #MAGA
#governmentisbroken they are ALL an embarrassment!
I think when you care more about your party then you do the people you should be illuminated
that's why they changed from Garland,career politicians are so pathetic
That isn't what you said when you and Harry changed the rules
Didn't the Dems change filibuster rules a few years back? This isn't about Gorsuch, it's political payback. Don't pretend it's not
Its going to happen whether you want it to or not UPCHUCK #gorsuch
WE MESSED THIS UP WITH REID AND NOW IT MAKES US LOOK WORSE THIS JUDGE IS TO CLEAN MOVE ON TO A BETTER PLAY IT WILL HURT US MORE REPLACE CHUK
Lol, Chucky originally change Senate rule to favor Dems, But now doesn't like it! Phony Crook! Go join Crooked Hillary Chucky! Retire Bow!
Tell that to Harry Reid he f-ed up and YOU
I'll raise you a NEVER
I guess we should also consider why the Dems are blocking, the govt is not working in the best interest of the people.
Hypocrite!
Why? You have gone that route before, so what is wrong now?
A letter to Senator Schumer http://ericgrunor.blogspot.com/2017/04/an-open-letter-to-senator-schumer.html …
Well said. Schumer is just being obstructionist because he can, not because Gorsuch is an issue.  He's a partisan hack #TermLimits
Unless the nominee is presented by a Democrat, of course.
Too funny. Typical dem lib double standard. Biden rule? Let's see, who changed the rules? Dirty Harry! Go ahead Mitch, make our day!
What about the backpedal and lies?  Come on now. Some@of us heard it.
Unless you're a democrat right Chuck?
Dems will vote no on any nominee by Trump. Nothing to not  about Gorsuch. He will be confirmed. Here comes da judge! Cry Clown cry. 
When your network only has a 1000  viewers you should change the format and the commentators
What a pile of partisan BS and hypocrisy. Dem Reid changed the rules. But now it's the Dems crying foul? Such lying hypocrisy.
Laughable!!! Harry Reid changed the rules to benefit the Dems!!! Welcome aboard Gorsuch!!!
Hire the guy. America is fine with him. What we hate is your vendetta against every republican nominee 
Clever words.
When you have a SCOTUS candidate who aligns with Constitutional Law, he's a gift for our Federal Republic.  Use the nuclear option now!
Schumer didn't mention that Gorsuch refused to meet with 2 (female, minority) senators. I think this is significantly disrespectful.
Already proven false. Thanks for playing
Prove it.
Etc., etc., ad nauseam. But Harry Reid had already abandoned filibusters for lesser nominees. Spilt milk.
Must! No coop from Democrats!
Schumer = Clown, day by day more!
Hypocritical statement
Again bogus bogus bogus
#GoNuclear !!!!
Hey, where can I get one of those hats?!
Sorry Chuck but Reid opened the door and you all used it for everything except the Supreme Court. Admit it given the chance you would have!
....now there's an April Fool if there ever was one!.....
So who was the idiot that proposed and passed getting the rule changed, just curious!! Please explain.
Perfect example of a raisin bag in schummy he did not play by the founding fathers wishes nor our creators wishes
This does not apply when obstruction is the only goal......
Sorry I'm on the side of letting him thru. I suspect he hates Trump secretly.  + they will just put up some1 worse. Save fight 4 next pick
Now that's funny!! What a schmuck
Senator.... the new #AHCA covers injuries received by getting "nuked". Better sign up buddy!   Ted Cruz is waiting on deck!
Hypocrites!
@SenSchumer  I agree!
I would never allow Gorsuch to not pass when the only reason the democrats are not voting for him is political power. Ridiculous democrats
You and Chuck (@SenSchumer) need a new line. #backtoworksenator
He said that to #Maddow days ago. Burnnnnnn
Matthew 4:17
From that time Jesus began to preach and to say, “Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at [1/2]
hand.” [2/2]
Can you say, "Harry Reid?"
Just blatant hypocrisy
Dems changed rules when their judges could not get 60 for cloture.
I noticed you didn't oppose the nuclear option so shut up @SenSchumer
Bullshit. This is a political get even maneuver. Go Nuclear. Set a new precedent. Gorsuch Sits.
Apparently Democrats have short memories they need to stop crying and vote for Gorsuch no time for political games
Is that because Schumer opposes a single white Protestant on the SCOTUS?
Schemer should have thought about that before agreeing with Harry Read and change the rules.
When you can't get 60 votes you look at the reasons why and then go nuclear.
Obama never mentioned Garland during his campaign
Trump consulted the American people, gave his list prior to election and the people agreed.
Seriously anyone think POTUS should nom another person everytime there is a filibuster.
Schumer's an example of the idiots in DC;  they think we're stupid.
That's why Harry Reid nuked the rules in 2013? Don't think so, hypocrisy at its finest.
We did, so stop complains about Garland. He didn't get 60 votes, so change the nominee
Is that what the dems would do??  no way.
