The president can take advice from whom ever he chooses.  I love his choice, as do many others.
Hello Sen how POTUS keep all his children in the WH and give rankings to all Next little Barron gets a job. Amazing
NO. Heritage Foundation is evil. No nope nope no.
Judge Gorush is the perfect judge for the Supreme Court! He will fight all of the Dems liberal policies!  Dems Anti America
It's #JudgeGarlandsSeat. Besides don't know if Trump is legitimate president. #Trumprussia
this isn't even similar to what reid did. if mcconnell goes there it MUST be challenged in court.
i'll pass
A judge that was unanimously passed by democrats previously.
Trump is the most ignorant, laziest person to ever sit in the white house.  His temper and judgement are dangerous to all of us
It's time for you to either step down or be expelled from the Senate. We The People Voted and your obstruction and fabrications must end
Please stop the partisanship it's time to unite as Americans. Time to find common ground
So? You dems have your "lists" too.
Niel Gorsuch will be the new Justice regardless if you filibuster. #PickAFightYouCanWin
This judge can not be beat. You don't vote for him it will be your loss. He will be seated.
Chuckie, stop whining. He's well qualified, supports the rule of law, and disavows judicial activism. Of course you dislike him.
Yeah, and?
And Dems use left wing sources...let's be honest here!
Do we see a tear  in your eye. Maybe there is some child you can yell at for wearing a Trump hat. #UseLess
Chuck piss up a rope
#45 doesn't need any stinking advice . . .
: Chuck Baby how do you spell Putz...
Dems had no objections to Gorsuch before so why now?  Hypocracy.
He can choose who he wants
get down the road chucky shoe------- you deserve all u get---wait till 2018
two fringe groups at best billionaires win again pull your head out of your ass people we're being scammed
sorry chucky you don`t get a say---------run your mouth some more chucky shoe
mr senator, there is collusion you may be involved in, did you receive intel rpts from Evelyn Farkas, you need to testify
hahaha nobody likes you Chuckie cheese
crybaby
Look at the person & not a list -it's all that matters.Your an obstructionist, U present a weak argument because u have no basis
Reading the responses to this tweet seems to indicate you are in the 'sights' of some pretty virulent Repubs.  Sorry about that.
you're in the sights of organized Dem voters watching closely to see if @DemSenators vote NO, on EVERYTHING!
such a puppet dork
give it up Chuck you look foolish.
Yes So what are U trying to say Heritage Fdn & Fed Soc. Is not OK,
Fake news Chuckie
But you thought he was well qualified years ago, right?? Are you drinking from Chelsea's cup?
You are the Pubs best weapon virtually guaranteeing a Conservative SCOTUS for a generation. Thank you Chuck.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/03/29/flashback-in-2013-chuck-schumer-argued-against-obstruction-of-nominees-no-matter-whos-in-power/ …
you're great at trying to make people look bad! Sometimes you need to look in mirror.
What's wrong with lists.  Vote in ASAP
Cry cry cry.
Gorsuch is best candidate since Scalia and you know it. Here comes da judge! We will seat him. 
you are not the President you don't make the decisions who he gets to nominate he's not your guy you are not in charge Chucky
Chuckles the NYC clown
It's an awesome list.
@seanhannity @POTUS Chuck anyone told U that Tammy Hall Boss Tweed politics was considered illegal
But U brought it back anyway
Elections have consequences and replacing a conservative with a conservative is Trumps choice not yours!
lmao you chuck come to realize you're not stopping this guy from being approved so get over it
I am not asking for anyone's help and advice. I am Independent. I don't know what you are taking about.
guess what chuck lol crying isn't gonna get you anywhere cause doesn't matter what y'all do we're going nuclear lol go trump
Do you ever listen to yourself ? Self reflect you're looking crazy to the rest of the World 
we cannot have an illegitimate @POTUS appoint an illegitimate judge to our @Scotus
Your statement is beyond ignorant
Chuck Schumer is just a crazy disruptor he thinks he has a dictatorship over Democrats and liberals

Evelyn Farkas
