Wow, there are a lot of trumpsters here. 10 years from now, "trumpster" will be in the dictionary - synonymous with dolt, low intellect, etc
Rates are going sky high under Odummy care.  Who are you kidding. We pay and we pay and get less and less covered. Cut the losses
Youll kick everything down the road, how many Bills sat on Reeds desk for 8yrs? Give him a cabinet. Why dont u want america to suceed?
Bailing out insurance comp's is wrong! R u getting kick backs from the lobbyists? Fix the prob instead of throwing $ to ins comp's
So now Schumer and the Democratic Party are calling for the assassination of our President.
Trump paid a bill?
Get Obamas picture off.  He was the most racist President in current history.
No.
YES!
He/Republicans might try to use these as bribery/blackmail in the Budget Process. Let trump & Republicans own a shut-down.
Liar liar liar.
ACH can't endure unless "you" (taxpayers) subsidize the Insurance co's that give you HC?  What sense does this make?  Don't donate & pay!
Stop Trump Pence Ryan McConnell GOP Reps sabotage lies ACA 

DUMP Corrupt TrumpPence
He wasn't talking about the national debt
Hell no!!!!! He's the best @POTUS this world has seen!!!


Schumer, always on side of healthcare providers over taxpayers.  See HC & Education Reconciliation Act.  Chuck fights 2 give DR's full fees?
I agree with Chuckles, stop kicking the can down the road...just stop CSR payments period!
U pedopfile
Could someone please pay my insurance payment ??????
They also didn't like Roosevelt. Congress fought him relentlessly. He ran his first term w/o VP. Ur job is to PASS THE AGENDA/tax reform...
I LOVE WHEN TOM COTTON SCHOOLED YOUR ASS ON THE SENATE FLOOR.
It does not matter what Pres Trump does-you will not agree with him.
Kicking the can down the road....exactly what the swamp did with the budget during Barry's term ....hmmmmm
Your butts you sit up there don't do a damn thing just obstruct whine complain takecthe cN and shove we see Dems for who you are #hypocrites
so You refuse to fix YOUR healthcare and it's his fault?? You're an omeba!!! @realDonaldTrump 2020 lock them all up
You need your can kicked down the road.
Chuckie, how is that your personal lawyer is representing Fusion GPS?
YOU are tied to the fake Trump dossier.
Wow. Chucky
CSR payments - translation, taxpaer money given to pvt insurance co's, above and beyond paying our premiums.  Corporate welfare!
NO TIN-HEAD SCHUMER UCK>NO YOUR full statement is in a can down da road to Selmaaa and we're taken your bro SEN BYRD NAME OFF OF DC HISTORY?
Bring the god damn senate to a halt until these people pull their heads out of their asses and do something for the people #gopsucks
Why is there not a poll on impeachment? That's what I want to see! The press isn't. Talking about that. At all!
Kind of like what you are doing with Obamacare?
Schumer you are a complete fraud
Oh the premium's haven't already skyrocketed? Triple payments and double deductible's isn't skyrocket enough for you?
you would know about kicking cans down the road #Clown
We should stop paying it!!
You kicked it down the road for 7 years and didn't recognize the ACA was in trouble. And you have no solutions. Just lip service. Hypocrite
time for you to use obamacare why should we pay for your healthcare when you screwed us on obamacare.Getting kick backs from healthcare
Chucky the clown, please keep talking!! 
Trump 2020
It appears Chappelle-Nadal has called for assassination of POTUS. She should RESIGN immediately!
I will not let you off the hook for viewing the violence of Antifa as acceptable. ALL hate groups are UNACCEPTABLE!
@SenSchumer is the king of can kicking. $20 trillion in debt. Make America Great Again! Vote Schumer out of office.
As Bob Dylan put it...I wish that for just one time you could stand inside my shoes
You'd know what a drag it is to see you.


Dems own it.
THIS can is on YOU & your party Schumer! Work with @POTUS for a full repeal&replace or pay for your full ins like the ppl you forced this on
And he doesn't even care. How can we let him do this to our country!
IS THE COUNTRY READY FOR BANKRUPTCY YET??? THAT'S ALL HE IS GOOD FOR!!!!
You have kicked the can pretty far and long in your career. Glass houses and stones they say
Should have let it implode and u cld pay the astronomical premium of socialist Ocare.when will the Dems denounce Radical Islamic Terrorism ?
Bahahaha! You and your communist party created this can of worms! Eat rocks chuckles
GUN CONTROL ALT RIGHT http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/alt-right-and-guns …
GUN CONTROL AND ALT RIGHT http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/alt-right-and-guns …
Then you never have passed this illegal legislation and forced down our throats. At least should have read it. You will have it soon.

#ThursdayThoughts

 @SenSchumer
Are you still saying Sens SHOULDN'T TAKE ACTIONS which may end…
Chuck, quit resisting and start solving this country's problem. You work for the people of this country.  We don't work for you.  !!!!
This will never be on Trump dummy. Go get some rest and provide some results! We had something that you refused, now it's your turn (o)!
Shouldn't have to make ANY payments with taxpayer funds if OCare as you claim is so sound. Cry me a river, you own it
Ask Donald Trump when was the last time he paid any taxes
Sure last year since he was under an audit. You have no choice but to write them a check. Nice try cupcake
About time fruitcake his hand always have to be forced
Awww leftist name calling, yer special. Bye Felicia
remember #WETHETAXPAYERS subsidize you.  You have #NOTONEPENNY you haven't taken from us.
Nothing has been done for the American people under this administration and nothing will. He's not for us he's for him.
WILL NOT be on President Trumps back Schumer. It is on your back & Obamas back. So get off your lazy ass & Recess & fix the Health Care Act.
Then stop being an obstructionist.
Get out of subsidising http://ins.co 's! Like Medicare for all!Why keep giving mega rich people gov't money?Put that towards 
care!
Save your lectures get on the exchange like you force us to. You Dems created this disaster #hypocrite #LiarLiar
Chuck - My Healthcare has gone from $600 mo to $1200 and my deductile went from $0 to $5000 and you want me to pay more taxes to support????
And so you're going to blame President Trump? You've been in office how long and couldn't get it done? All you do is Obstruct. #FakeSenator
Payments to bailout the failed ObamaCare. This is last one. Get your shit together or start digging your political grave.
You mean the can you and Oelisi created and forced on the eat of us as you exempted yourselves?  Seems you should fix the mess you made
Blah, blah, blah Chuck.. no one hears you anymore ... no one cares anymore... go home have a nice life... step down already
Question for Sen. Schumer and Democrats: Why do you try to destroy the president America chose and thereby hurt our country?
Looking forward to the planned Agitation Propaganda in Charlottesville coming to light. Soon.
You are such a scumbag. The can was kicked down the road for 8  years with Obama. Now you should be Kicked down the Road.
Wait, kicking the can?  Didn't you do that for 8 years with the budget?  You are a hypocrite, a liar, and supporter of racism and thuggery.
Don't blame the Pres,  His base doesn't want our tax money donated 2 pay profitable, pvt insurers.  In addition 2 premiums?  congrs reacket!

What groups from the far left







Taxpayers are against congress handing our tax money to profitable, pvt insurers!  It's no better than bank bailouts.  Premiums & subsidies?



What a nut job

Sure it is it's brown and white.


chucky, dems made this barrycare trash can!
Why should he! Why don't you pay for your health care without subsidies! HYPOCRITES
Liar! Work with @POTUS and #GOP to fix #Repealandreplace Obamacare NOW...
Kicking your can Chuck. Seriously?  You think the ACA is not the reason you are the minority party??
It's a stop gap until #RepealObamacare happens.  You own this disaster & you don't even have to partake
You and all of Congress have failed the American people. I pray it shows at the ballot box!
Please fight harder get the dems motivated we need to have a fighting agenda for the people of this country. Stop just fighting trump
@POTUS is unfit to run this country and is putting the country into grave danger! This government should be removed and replaced!!!
Interested to know your full stmnt if Billary were prez and 0care was still falling apart - your most earnest wish from day 1.

You caused this. Taking massive penalty monies from the poor and middle class who are on it. U should be ashamed. No BAILOUT BY REPUBS 4 U.
@POTUS needs to take away congress' subsides so you have to pay the same as those struggling to pay premiums for ins they can't use!
Kick the can all you want. When it fails don't blame Trump. You and the Dems own obamacare.
With no help from you, he'll kick the can down your throat. It'll be done. You Mr. Man, have been drawing gov welfare Cks for doing nothing.
Dang it Mr.POTUS @realDonaldTrump why bailing out the Sentrs &wasting $ on O-care? Your just putting it on a life ventilator when it's dead!
You and the other Communists in your party created this mess.
No, next is you get the same plan as the public and the CSR gets nothing.
Got it Chuckie
It's why Trump won.
We are through with parasites
CSR == Chuck Schumer Retirement payments?
You should be ran over
It's nice to see people gathering in Va and no fist being thrown. God be with family of the fallen woman through these troubling time!#pray
The current healthcare program lays at your feet! It was a Dem program created only by Dems! It fails it's on you and your resistance group!
What rhymes with Chuck U. Schumer?
You Dems aren't getting away with your bull anymore. You're never getting single-payer like you planned. You're so last century it's a joke
Zip it. No statement from you is valid.  You violent leftist.
You created the can to be kicked, now you won't help him fix YOUR mess. Why is lyin, cryin' chuck even talking @realDonaldTrump?
Really Chuckie? You obstructionist have kicked this can down the road for years. Get off the news and get to working with our President!
#KKK = #democRATS

#byrd #hilLIARy
WHEN THE KLAN HAD POWER: In the 1920s the KKK marched 50,000 men in hoods down 5th Ave in NY--they were headed to the Dem Nat'l Convention 
I can bet SCHUMER is KKK
You kicked the can by not working with the other side.
Hey..."BetterDeal" or something, right Chuck?  Same 70+ yo old lifer politican whiteys....but a "BetterDeal" NOW...after 8 yrs of zilch.
No....not on Trump's back. On yours!!
Well, you're a complete disaster JOKE of a Senator so...
Hey..."BetterDeal" or something, right Chuck?  Same 70+ yo old lifer politican whiteys....but a "BetterDeal" NOW...after 8 yrs of zilch.
You guys aren't demagoguing this issue enough.
Hey Chuckie, why didn't u and the Dems get the proper appropriations passed to LEGALLY pay for the CSRs when ACA WAS FORCED ON AMERICANS?
There should be NO CSR payments at all.  That's our taxpayer money you're wasting.
People don't seem to like you.  If you are not upset about it, you should be.
Ooh, the Senator is showing his hatred.  You are a race baiter. Please save America your irrational behavior. You have no solutions, period.
The only CAN
Trump kicked down the road was Hillary's! 
OUCH!
Chuck your head is in your can
#GOP MUST ensure CSR payments are guaranteed to ensure people have affordable health care! #ImproveACA #NoTrumpcare #CSRPayApprove
Only affordable for those that get subsidies The rest of the country are paying unaffordable premiums and deductibles for 1 doc visit a year
Chuck you are complete .  Stop screwing Americans for your gain.
Do something please Senator.
Senator, @POTUS continues the funding to prevent the inevitable collapse that you set up to make single payer palatable. You made the mess.
How in the hell did you ever get voted in? You suck
NOPE YALL DESERVE THE SAME CRAPPY HEATHCARE THAT WE HAVE. WELCOME TO HIGH DEDUCTABLES
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @dncpress YOU SHOULD GO TO AAA N GET SOBER. NOT MORE TEQUILAS FOR TODAY
Chuck you voted not to open obumer care for further discussion.  You own it.
Let it implode and u Chuck start paying your own insurance maybe something will get done
Chuck,  this is what voted for
Trump should not make any payments to the insurance companies. You should west this one blockhead.
Dumbest man in America
Absolutely!
This is all politics.  Work w Republicans on a new program.  Remove those who are able to work off ACA and offer them a hospitalization plan
Hey chuck http://www.crowdsondemand.com ? Hmm
For those of us who pay bills, @POTUS paying CSR month-to-month is absolutely fine.
Make America Great Again; remove Schumer from office. Stand for the poor and the Middle Class
Chuck, your ideas are horrible. Maybe you should retire.
I agree. Why not join the club and vote for full repeal?
Like we kicked the can for 8 yrs?
