Making sure loved ones are safe during Hurricanes & storms should be a fed priority. SANDY Act would do just that. More at 11:30am
We have no towers here Up State NY many people died because you don't think we need one. Start thinking about all of us!
Sir u made a deal with trump watch your back he loves to flip on people trump says one thing does another keep your eye on trump
Someone is an angry shell of a man.
How do you consume to help those ones who were affected by the hurricanes?
Protect towers? How about protecting Christianity, preserving our constitution and making God first. He is our protection Chucky. Not you!
yes for the wireless towers and antennae but we can do with out the fake news or bashing our President. Networks do nothing but lie
Actually the networks outside of fox have consistently proven to be true. Sweet post though.
What about human lives?
Communications is necessary to protect human lives.
Chuck: you have a gift sir...captain Obvious has got NOTHING on you.
Apparently, federal help for natural disaster victims is NOT obvious for many of you wingers.
These are run by corporations for profit and have an excellent support system. No Gov help required
No they aren't. Sweet post though.

That was heartfelt!  How about protecting life first!
Nothing like another government program right Chuckie?
Considering it would be a long term cost save what's your problem with it?
I'm surprised you haven't blamed our POTUS for the hurricane.
Those who can do. Those who can't....
And the people, do they batter too?
People batter all the time deb. I battered this morning.
True.
But Trump wants to pay churches...political tax exempt Trump supporting ministers..for sheltering in crises.

Save towers Dump Trump!!
Crooked Chuck
Why would u even work with Trump u realize he's gonna leave u with the bill he needs a scapegoat. WTH hell is wrong with dems
The sagacity in this comment is breathtaking. I must record it in my files. And this is a senator?
Please let it go at least Trump's tweets wil stop
Power cellular infrastructure is total priority I don't know if us citizen ready to be in a 3rd world country for a few days or weeks
Really? How about the good people of Texas after Harvey, or the survivors after Ivan or Katrina? In the South we help each other
That's my point when thease storms blow through infrastructure is destroyed it takes time to rebuild
My point is the American people are resilient and don't need Government doing what Verizon and the other cell companies can do themselves
POTS  Sandy was completely destroyed Verizon never rebuild it it was cellular network was resilient much copper infrastructure is vulnerable
What does that even mean?
In North East most of the Cooper infrastructure flooded so long to pots network Verizon never rebuild it they moved fiber optics
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
Protecting people should be the top priority not wireless towers and antennas
Chuck once again nobody's interested in anything you have to say why don't you work for the money we pay you?
So what are you going to do send out people to hold the guy wires? Sounds like yet another government boondoggle in the works. Joking right?
It's 2017, why does our power go out so easily when the wind blows or it rains? Not talking about hurricanes, in my neighborhood.
It's has become part of critical infrastructure. It is terrible when we are not able to reach our family  during an emergency. Thank you.
are you drinking? you make no sense
Americans don't need a libtard preaching is anything.  #dramaqueen
Alert : Chuck we know -  what's the plan , strategy. Do you know anything about this technology ?? Or are you grandstanding again??!
I  Towers.
It is high time that we hardened our communications systems. The climate assault will grow, not shrink.
please check out this article. FBI have taught PDs how to break the 4th amendment btw
This is the 1st right thing this phony politician has ever said. Wow, never thought it could happen

Lives are most important
This Video Reveals Precisely How Russia Helped Elect Donald Trump Using Fake News On Facebook
If those in office did right by others, we wouldn't need to worry so much about phone towers.
Why? I grew up without a phone and have had a very good life. Phones should not be entitlements
Worried more about wireless towers than the people.  Stupidity at its finest
Brilliant Chuck.
HEY @SenSchumer HAVE YOU HAD ANY RESISTANCE PLAN AGAINST HURRICANES??
Climate Change, Chuck?
Chuck you so low you can walk under a snail trail !!! Go away chuckie
No Shit dummy.
Need your kiddie porn do you chucky?
donate  few million
Pray tell. How does one do that?
Finally, you said something smart!
North Korea the greatest threat!
Did you figure that out by yourself Chuck or did somebody bring this to your attention?
Duh
Cutting noaa budget is a really bad idea.
Hummm protect towers do u actually know how a tower is built or what they look like very interesting how would u protect them chuckie
Sure... consider tax cuts and reform just as critical to America... I'm sure you wanna give the middle class a raise...
Let's bury fiber optic or graphene across the entire nation!
Yes this is true Chucky poo ! But the most important thing is getting rid of crooks like you !
Our citizens are a little more important than antennas and Towers but as a technician I agree we need to maintain Communications
Cellular, internet and satellite need investment and requirements as part of manditory infrastructure
Can you & the other members of Congress work in a bipartisan way and make this a part of the infrastructure improvement ASAP? For America.
We need a cyber dept. I hear that's gone too
Why don't you protect our borders and citizens? Oh wait, that's not part of the @DNC agenda
Border situation inflated. Trump will never admit it is not going to be helpful.
What about people's soul

Thank you for that public service announcement #captainobvious #WakeUpAmerica
DUH! Wow Schumer is so far behind it is sickening. I guess his emergency management knowlage and understanding need much work
Chuckie's way of saying "What's in your wallet!"
GET on it Chucky As you say tweeting doesn't do it
Right, because the Federal Government needs to do what Private enterprise can do for itself....  advocating for tree protection next?
Why not go to satellite signals which Europe has had for years.
next topic for you Nancy & Trump: protecting internet from hackers amp up our firewalls
Confused Chuck... Yes...
Today? How about the last 16 years of your life as a recipient of our tax dollars? Not an emergency if we've waited this long
FIX MY HEALTHCARE! #PROTECTAMERICANDREAMS BEFORE YOU JACKASSES FIX #DACA GET TO WORK! #TRUMP2020
I've been asked recently if you had anything at all besides attacking Donald Trump this is all you've got? Who gives a shit?
Finally something we agree on-you should climb the tallest cell tower in Miami today to make sure it's OK & protect it--I'll hold your beer.
Chuck finally something out of your mouth that makes sense
He read it somewhere
I agree Senator Schumer. I live in Largo Fl in Pinellas County. Thank you for your concern and caring
His concern is backed by Taxpayer Funding rather than his wallet

Yup...Chuck knows what's more important than people's lives...PROFITS




Flip and Flop.
Flip and Flop.
Senator haven't heard ANYTHING from @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems about GOPs tax reform proposal? Is it better for lower and middle class?
Has ANY tax "deal" of the past been better for lower and/or middle class? Or is that why there is a much larger disparity 'tween rich/poor?
#SundaySchumer tweeting obvious babble as usual. 
Show the lemming constituents you're "in touch". 
You are the poster boy for #TermLimits
Amen!
Is that all you care about.
Satellite phones & ham radios work just fine chuckles. No more GOVERNMENT mandate needed!
Damn, you complain about everything. Do you actually do anything?!
Yes he does he continues complaining
Infrastructure,  infrastructure,  infrastructure
Thanks for pointing that out Chuck! I'm sure that over the past 8.5 years you have done everything you could to fix the problem! Not!
Shut up chuck
Your great at pointing out the obvious after the fact. Why not think and act on these things preemptively!
You act as if @GOP haven't blocked attempts to work on infrastructure because big businesses need to keep making a profit like @verizon
Ok? What a waste of space in a leadership role.
What so people can read ur stupid tweets!
Chuck Shilling for HAARP? #DemswillbeDems
Building a wall across our Southern border is more important
Perhaps you should make a law and spend some more of our tax dollars or increase regulations.  Or maybe businesses do it anyway
Or you can contract with private businesses who have created some incredible mobile towers for situations like this.
Chuckies?
I wonder how much Chuck gets from telecommunications companies @ATandT, @verizon? I think people's homes are first priority, not antennae.
So besides carping about it, Chuck, what do YOU intend to do to rectify the problem?
Exactly.  He gets the academy award for crying about it but doing nothing.  That's all he does.
You are a genius and master of the obvious.Exactly how do you propose doing this? Platitudes do nothing for the people. Actions speak louder
Amateur Radio Operators are usually setup for world wide com. If you need to contact someone, seek out one. They are also called "Hams"
Exactly. That & satellite phones are what we used immediately following Hurricane Katrina.
In this day and age protecting us from Trumps exsistance should be priority on your mind while ATT figures out towers!  
DontDealWThatDevil!

Right back atcha  Changing size of T finger still doesn't give him any balls
Balls, credibility, ethics, legitimacy, ability, intelligence, decency, fitness, sanity, stability.

Humanity.
Get to work you freaking clown
Hopefully we can make this part of the infrastructure package #Irma2017
Great idea. Hope Schumer is listening.
What's up chuck? My gosh your a real rocket scientist art you.thats just nuttin but common sence.oops foegot u are a senator .
48% of our country is on some form of welfare this is how he got voted in
So is protecting us from EMP & domestic terrorism.
#ANTIFA
We stood safe because we had those towers working and we could relay comunications of affected areas more quickly. @fortalezapr worked hard.
Something from you that actually makes sense.
We had lower that number by 15% and now we only have 30% without power and we never lost our radio comunications and rebound towers.
Over here in PuertoRico Irma came and left more than a million (64%) citizens without power, the very next day...
Wow thanks for that!
So is building a broadband infrastructure that works for all, rural and poor included
.
Towers = Tmobile Sprint; Verizon = on fixed infrastructure 
None use wind towers (green energy sec) = #COTUS blocked venture
.
;336
I remember Sept 12, 2001 - no cell service in Manhattan for a long time after. I used a PAY PHONE!!! 
oops that would be Sept 11. #typo
Shut up Schumer theirs nobody left in Florida who's going to read your tweets! Guess your plugging for those illegal out of state votes!
and?
I think protecting our credit & personal info is more important. What are you going to do about the #equifaxbreach?
Where are the feds authorized in the Constitution?
Talking about passing legislation to address this.Pretty sure there's no mention of cell towers or credit reports in Constitution.
First we have to have good cell signal to protect #GlenHead #11545
