Obamacare is not s health plan of any sort. What insurance plan are you on Chuck? Loser
Social Security bankrupt
Medicare bankrupt
Medicade bankrupt
Everything Govt touches bankrupt.
Your solution, more ilegels to pay for it.
"Medicaid" dam phone!
Looks like we found the real Russia connection.
Lawyers are not good for we the people, we need more business people running the Govt. Resign now!
Unexempt yourselves from your special healthcare plan Congress and experience what we have to experience. Put yourselves in our shoes.
Scare tactics again. Same playbook as always!
More bullshit from Bullshittin' Chucky Schumer.  https://www.youngcons.com/leaked-cbo-data-73-of-people-losing-insurance-to-gop-bill-are-losing-it-because-of-mandate-repeal/?ref=FacebookPost …
The plan gives people a choice as to choosing whether to join a plan or not.  Counting those that choose not to as being cut off is a lie.
How many millions of Americans R being replaced by 15M Dreamers & 21M illegals?  Do the math!  Dems use illegals as voter base, HC as reward
Your party is done!
Chuck why don't you tell the truth, single payer, so U can raise taxes, to steal more from American people then bankrupt that as well.
We all need to resist.
Uh, I'd say you guys did that with Obamacare .Big gov ruined healthcare just like they ruined the Post Office. No Socialized medicine!
It keeps the people who belong on Medicaid on Medicaid. As usual spouting untruths Chuck!
This is just the beginning of Failed Obamacare. Ask yourself, why did politicians exempt themselves from Ocare?
THEY ARE COVERED BY ACA THEY EXEMPTED THEMSELVES FROM THE REPUB DEATHCARE KEPT OBAMAS ACA GET YOUR FACTS RIGHT!
Are you sure you are not talking about ACA? Sounds like the same problem.
tom the ACA works fine except when dt messes with the ins cos and EVERYONE is covered as a troll u know it all right
More lies.
Healthcare for all = lowest Healthcare for All. Concierge Medicine is Cheaper if allowed to Opt Our of Obamacare. Better Cheaper Care!
Even Hilary has come to terms. LOL!
BTW how are the kids?
Only problem is the ilegels are on welfare and draining the systems even more. But what do you care, more cash for you and less for us.
Medicade is bankrupt jackass!

@Marcie_too Yes Sir dt is an evil man as I'm sure you know! The people r so stressed I think we are getting PTSD! Pls stop him!
When will you stop the dishonest spin
ACA destroyed the market place & you want an "ins. Co. Bailout" $20 Trillion Debt is irresponsible. Taxes are at record highs, we are broke.
Tax rates are at record highs? Dude, in the fifties the top bracket was taxed above 90%. Start Google searching the crap you hear on Fox.
How Did that work out? Our debt has grown to 20 trillion dollars why are we not worried about leaving that to our children?
By "how did that work out" I think you mean the high top tax rates of the 50's. It worked out to balanced budgets and economic growth.
@BarrackObamaUS lied said debate on C span and keep your doctor!  And more lies cheaper etc!  Wake up!
You Chuck are part of the swamp, along with the rest of you buddies, both Democrats and Republicans. #DrainTheSwamp
#MAGA @SenSchumer Resign

Taxpayer "supplements" destroy the marketplaces.  Need to do something to reduce total costs.
Kind of like the lie of ACA
What's "slippery" is lyin subversive anti-MAGA hacks like U ! Get rid of the ILLEGALS, welfare cheats & fraud & we'll have plenty of $
Like O'care isn't failing! What a crock!
I think we all know the ACA has already destroyed the market place along w bloating the Medicaid roles w over 25 million more ppl.  
Don't let them do it
U Don't have a clue do U,Lie Lie Lie
I don't have healthcare but I did before Obama care. Guess I'm merely calatoral damage needed to pitch in but can't afford my own anymore.
Marketplaces HAVE TO BE DESTROYED competition brought back I DONT WANT TO FUND INSURANCE COMPANIES QUIT VOTING TO HELP INSURANCE COMPANIES
This is a slippery way for you to lie and put fear into Americans
I'd like to know how the average senator is worth 9 million dollars when the yearly salary is 125k.. doing well on the stock market chuck?
Spicy is out SNL better start looking for someone to play Scaramucci so much for loyalty trump he would throw his mother under a bus
You mean destroy YOUR marketplace. Face it @SenSchumer, YOU ARE THE SWAMP that needs draining! #DrainTheDeepState #DrainingTheSwamp #MAGA

GIVE UP YOUR SENATE EXEMPTION TO ACA
They are imploding and the folks that were added to Medicaid did not meet the original intent for this program - let it die
please resign now
Now just what do you know about markets.  Puts me in mind of arguments about tax policy with my brother-in-law the English Literature major.
Cryin' Chuck Lyin' about Healthcare again. #zerocredibility
Sliding for last 7 years. 
Liar! The looney liberals destroyed it.
You guys destroyed the marketplace with mandates. No competition leads to high prices just like you wanted...#swamp
*Slippery* and *Schumer* are frequently found in the same tweet. Schmucky is but a mass of hair plugs attached to a pile of excrement.
You care about healthcare for Americans but not our right to boycott and free speech? You're a hypocrite & a coward
Since you accepted huge monet from big insurance and pharma what are you doing besides tweeting to stop this?
The marketplaces are disappearing because our government CAN'T AFFORD IT. Obamacare itself has destroyed the marketplaces.
You should be required to use any plan you pass for us pleebs.
What marketplace.  You get free insurance and retirement and  medical care, so don't have a clue about working people's insurance issues
We don't care about the marketplaces.  We care about affordable healthcare.  Insurance companies already make too much $$. #MedicareForAll
Scare tactic.  If ACA was so great, how come Congress isn't on it? I would really like to know.
WHATS YOUR PLAN??? TO SIT AROUND AND POINT IT OUT?? ITS GETTING OLD! U DEMS BETTER START COMING UP W SOLUTIONS! AMERICA IS SICK OF THIS!
Please come up with a Plan! We need to give them something!!!!
Breaking: Schumer more worthless then a close pin holding our flag during a hurricane. The man has no influence, nor care for his own voters
Chuck do ever tell the truth or do you honestly believe all that nonsense you keep mouthing ?  You are out of touch with working Americans .
That has already occured, next excuse with tears of course
You mean the counties that will have no providers in 2018? Those markets? How can we help you keep those markets bare? Out with it man!
Democrats Blow
Since you are a ranking Democrat, will you ever tell the truth and actually work as a Senator? America is tired of you and yours.
Just more fake news and propaganda from the left
What marketplaces? One or none at all in most states is not a marketplace
Healthcare is not a right!!!
obamacare cut 716 billion from medicare what did you do then.Took 3 billion from vets gave 5 billion to Syrian refugees.What happened to us
You're so out of touch Senator. Ocare has destroyed the market because the gov took over an entire industry and removed competition





Please STOP LYING
How do so many of your colleagues have millions? Please answer.
Hope that you and the committee can stop this
Notice @SenSchumer has no answers to any questions. Just obstruct and accuse. Easiest job of all. Do nothing. What's ur solution?
Guess what! Instead of handing out Medicaid to those you want to enslave at the expense of the middle class, create jobs, not talk shit!
And get a nice tax cut for the super wealthy.
How can you keep talking especially about destroying markets?  That is the core goal of Obamacare and you dems know it.
And how are the marketplaces now Chucky? Dropping like flies is how. Please don't spew any more if your lies. You and the dems are failures
An ur not helping
I know!!  We're all gonna die!!
Proof!!!!
Know what, Chuck? I was devastated when you were made minority speaker. Stop being a smartass and start announcing policy!  Have any ideas?
Be specific and say what's gonna happen. Leave out the double speak and give us facts not opinion. Learn something from trump win. Strt smpl
That is a blatant LIE More People on MEDICAID because of OBAMACARE unsustainable
what did these people do before aca?
Trump's lying thieving friends will make billions and billions of dollars stealing from the people. Stealing is the correct word. $$$$$$$$$$
The plan will allow Americans the choice of buying insurance or spending their hard earned $$ on entertainment, smokes, booze and drugs..
We will fight !  @TuesdaysToomey @TwTPgh @SenBobCasey @SenateDems
Destroy the marketplace? Too late ObamaFAIL has already accomplished that sir!
hacks like @SenSchumer whos only life skill is winning a popularity contest from a pool loosers will fix the healthcare industry....right...

U must think the American people are stupid!everyone is distracted w/fake Russia Fairytale people are being suicided!https://youtu.be/VrDOA45TWVE 
Talk,talk ,talk...." Do nothing" demised Democrats !
No sir that is what the Dems are doing by their obstruction.
I'm all for cutting back Medicaid for people that ought to be working and aren't because simply put, entitlements make it easy not to.
And voter ID will do the same to the donkeys
Therefore, rep senators who vote yes will retire quicker than they planned for.
Apparently you haven't been watching the past 7 years.
Please don't work on a slogan! 100% effort of ALL Dems MUST be protecting & improving ACA! There's no excuse to spend time on anything else!
Protecting a failed law? The Fed gov has no business in the private healthcare market.
Failed? No. Helping my 4yr old w/ Down Syndrome requires 24hr nurse@ home to live? Yes! W/o Medicaid expansion he would be institutionalized
Medicaid was made for this reason. It didn't take expansion to cover it.. obamacare wasn't the first to cover the disabled.
I didn't say it was. But, and I should know, my son wouldn't have received the care and resources w/o ACA. Can't rely on state to provide.
Do I believe ACA is perfect? Far from it! Stripping away the care & resources my son needs is inhumane. We must work to fix ACA, not destroy
The aca is going to destroy Medicaid for those that truly need it. 72 million people isn't what it was created for.
I agree! But, again, you can't just pull the rug out from under all of us at once! Must be revised appropriately.
Chuck he @DNC healthcare bill is bankrupting families and the government - grow up and help @realDonaldTrump bring reform
Marketplaces are already destroyed. 19 of the 23 have already left or partially left. ACA is a failure
You need to repeat that continuously in 2018, in every race for congress and senate.
Let's talk about those of us going broke from subsidizing the hand outs with our tripled premiums and deductibles!!

Why do you keep lying!!!! You got us in this mess.
When you have good intentions, things always work out!" The healthcare bill has no bad intentions... 
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION MR.SCHUMER!!
WE THE PEOPLE WANT YOUR HEALTHCARE NOT THE SUB PAR STUFF YOU THROW2 US PEASANTS!
RETIRE OR B VOTED OUT!
What marketplaces are u referring to? You insult one's intelligence with your baseless fear mongering. Try facts
No you just want to tax me more to pay for slack ass people that dont want to work but stay home have 8 kids & leach off person that works 3
Keep fighting for us!
What is ACA doing killing working citizens and what are you doing to fix ACA Chuckie
By all means, destroy something good and wholesome in America today.
Try facts instead of rhetoric. You're embarrassing.
Dont lie so much you hawk nose is way to long now
Plus it will kill 93 million people a day right!
I still say it's another way that Putin is controlling Trump. Healthcare marketplace destroyed? Where wld that leave our economy?
SCHUMER IS JUST PLAYING HIS FOOLS.  DONT BELIEVER A THING HE SAYS !
oh for Gods sake.U talk like an idot. Do your really think R's are hell bent on cutting off millions? It sounds crazy its because it is!
Obama lied & you supported it! AHCA you can't keep your dr, insurance, & premiums out of control! Dems created mess now support GOP in fix
Then place the blame where it belongs, you #Snowflakes created this mess and now it's @POTUS fault? #CryingChuck #WhatADisgrace #MAGA
We don't need a plan, we have O Care and it rocks, right chuck?  That's why you are so eager to work on a bipartisan replacement
@SenateGOP Sooy GOP no peace until you stop and work with Dems
How can these nut jobs justify this? They are planning to screw their constituents to keep a promise that their constituents no longer want!
No "cutting off people" you know better - just snowflake fear mongering.BTW the market places imploded a year ago.
Sorry but the marketplace is already in the shitter...

What a shock... a butt-hurt Hildebeast fan blocks someone for spreading an inconvenient truth. Looking forward to you blocking me.
Considering you're a young Russian troll? Blocked!!
The plan is you have no plan! Shame on you so called leaders you Pelosi retire new leaders are needed shame on you Senator!!! 
NAVY VETERAN
#KillTheBill
But tell us how it's the Dems'faults for being obstructionists.
Reps wouldn't participate in planning of ACA and slammed doors, refusing to include Dems this time.
Harry Reid shut the Rep out in writing poorly written ACA.  Rep need to be a role model and open the doors for discussion and action.
The democrat party has destroyed the life of millions,(270mill) that allready HAD HEALTHCARE! Now,they are done w/that,they want MORE.FU
Give America a badass plan and take back political integrity.  Be the solution.  2018 isn't far off.
Hahaha,not happinin dem. You blow that chance every day you obstruct  POTUS.
The plan now is bankrupting thousands, And your future plan for single payer will kill thousands every yr.
Mr. Schumer, So now that r/r is done, when will you go after revoking Jared's sec. clearance and remove AG Sessions?  Lots of work to do..
Does that mean you agree with bringing back US corp  from overseas. And why have you not given us a better plan?
I am 65 years old and my premium for supplement insurance has doubled. All you care about is buying votes with handouts , not working folks
It is a privlidge to have ins. If you can afford it.  You are not my brothers keeper.

It's time for Dem & moderate Rs to put fwd a pub option of buying into Medicaid, Medicare, so exchanges won't dry up&premiums stay low.

Stop it Chucky, stop right there.  Repeal the sorry piece of shit Obama care.  And let the free market work.  No one has a right to ins.
Criminal act of the Washington swamp
Well, GOP is a greasy bunch.
Yes yes yes-Benghazi, sniper fire, IRS, keep your doctor-sounds like a banana peel republic festus
why don’t u came clean chucky the only reason 22 million less is these are people who voluntarily drop out because penalty is dropped.
Their plan to seize property is very slippery as well.
Ditto what Mike said
Can't wait. Sigh......
Where's your plan lazy ass?
Yet your plan dropped millions from insurance coverage & cost those remaining 200% increases.  Ahole.
Wrong Chuck. Obamacare destroyed health insurance for 70% of Americans to help only 10%. That's the slippery slope
@RandPaul had flipped call senators!
A little golf, a few billion dollars....
