6. People's Filibuster Mon lineup @SenWarren @ChrisMurphyCT @CoryBooker @SenSchumer @RonWyden & MORE TBA. RT & RSVP! http://bit.ly/FightTrumpCare  
Sad so sad
Stop obstructing the efforts of our president. He won.. AMERICA WON!!   You lost..   Time to get over it and join with making America great!
please resign now chuck
@alfranken @SenWarren @ChrisMurphyCT @CoryBooker @RonWyden why do you always lie, Schumer? You are so CORRUPT !
I'd care more about human trafficing if I wasnt stealing mcdonalds Wi-Fi to post this and skipping dinner 4 times this week.
Your all lame
Go Chuck!
This exhibition tells the ignorance of the liberals
Trumps a traitor. Sorry you don't have the capacity to accept it. He's a dud.
Coming from a far left winger. Say that after 4 yrs of improvements to this country that Obama and Killary worked to make it into socialism.
Treason deserves no respite.  A Russian operative in the white house, a traitor. Your negligent potus is a disaster & You have no compass
There's no treason. Look to your losing candidate for that. Benghazi, 3-4 suicide? Deaths related to Clintons. Selling our Uranium to Russia
Sorry linda your upset that the potus is the worst . Every action he has taken as potus is because  of inadequacy issues. Draft dodger.
@benwikler @maziehirono @alfranken @SenWarren @ChrisMurphyCT @CoryBooker If I wanted to hear from an ass, I’d fart.
It just needs to be repealed & the insurance market will repair itself. Government should not be involved in health care.
With fake news, DEMagogery, and main stream mania, how can the regular people know what is true. Polls ZERO . Start doing the work of ALL.
This bill MUST NOT PASS. Do NOT repeal, but work bi-partisan to improve the existing ACA. Can't afford increases #PreexistingCondition x3
Ever notice that those who scream the loudest often accomplish the least & are corrupt...Sanders, Waters,  Pelosi, Schumer to name a few.
Please push the bipartisan components of the #ACA.
Dirt Bag Schumer.
I want your healthcare chuckles. Why can't all Americans have what u have.  U pay nothing for it !
"A democracy is nothing more than mob rule, where 51 percent of the people may take away the rights of the other 49." --Thomas Jefferson
Last time I looked...we pay your salary...start acting like it
America has spoken you just not listening cry baby
Shtzheads
Isn't in the Democratic Party constituents best interests to persuade Jerry Brown to enact single payer in California?
Why on earth would anyone want to stop the O'care replacement? Anti-American Obstructionists!
Please stop TrumpCare & CruzCare....the GOP is a cruel party....not mention traitors to our nation! God Bless America!
I have the answer to American HC everyone in congress & everybody that works for the US govt must be on this new HC law No exemptions Agree

Stop Obamacare!!!
Because what we have is working so well??? Really?

Heard by whom?  That's a mighty big echo chamber.
I don't know who you're talking to but the people I know can't wait to see us repealed. Quit obstructing!
No my people!!!!!!!!
No way in hell. You all are really pieces of work

Sick....mental illness is spreading in Dems...
You lost, suck it up and start working for the American people. You only care about your ideals. The American people don't like your ideals
You should be someone to talk about anything. We should leave OF fail all the way and then let's see what you will tell the people.
If America had a chance to speak out about Oboma Care you wouldn't have a job!!
Cory Booker owned by big pharma $$$$$. A total sell out
Better program than ObamaCare.

Pass the Bill
Schumer &cronies can't do enough to suffocate citizens squeeze $:welfare freebies housing food phones unappreciative insatiable UsAhaters
Let's hear your proposal or is the current ok with you?? Also what plan are you and your family are on.....oops we don't talk about that
Why don't you get off your lazy butts and help? Because you don't have any constructive input the ACA proves that
Come up with a plan of your own, until then stop obstructing
We want obomacare gone can't afford it
If only your protesters had jobs so they couldn't attend nonsense like this on a Monday afternoon...
Clean repeal of OBAMACARE! As u said, it is the rotten core of failed healthcare so needs 2 b completely cleaned out or will continue 2 rot.

Where is your plan? Put it out! Let's see what it says
I just tweeted this to those Senators in predominate ag country. Majority in other words.
Yeah cause those republicans didn't spend the last 6 years doing that...they invented it...turn off FOX news you night learn something
I could
These are crazy deceitful politicians!
I'll be there. If you are anywhere near DC, join us on Tuesday afternoon in front of the Capitol!
You have fun standing out there alone doing nothing must be nice to be able to just resist on a Tuesday no job?
Chucky your full of hot air
ACA is a failure and you have put forth no ideas that will fix it without raising taxes and hurting the middle class
Stay away from anything supported by Schumer or Franken stein
Then this,
Then this,
Then this,
Chuck, you have forgotten us Americans..sad @realDonaldTrump
Jokesters
Lets speak out. Let it fail and then vote you all out 2018
Yes Fake Tears, Repeal Obamacare!!!
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/886263705415168000 …
repeal and don't replace

Can someone please explain the #AHCA bill to @karenhandel? #healthcare #GA06 #Flipthe6th 
Keeping citizens healthy is part of keeping us safe. More of us are likely to die from illness than a foreign military strike.
Then this,
We need less government involvement in healthcare, not more #AHCA #Constitution #MAGA
Thanks Chuck! 
Lead with this,
