Would you like some cheese with that whine?
You don't love your country, unless that country is Russia.
Never been to Russia and don't plan to go. PS.. Donald Trump won and there is nothing you or any other snowflake can do about it
I keep seeing this.  We know he won, genius.  How is that logical argument for anything?
How is "you don't love your country unless that country is Russia'" logical in any way? Considering you have no clue who I am.
Are we supposed to sit back and let this atrocity continue because "he won"?
And with that, you prove your profound, intense ignorance.
at some point u will realize that Americans matter, not just a certain gender or color or religion & when u think holisitically u might wise

@timm_emily @HouseGOP I see the troll accounts are out there in force to discredit your effort.
@timm_emily @HouseGOP Will you stand by and talk when they aren't listening?
@timm_emily @HouseGOP The GOP and Russian have decided to destroy the United States.
@timm_emily @HouseGOP Well, the solution might be to acquire aid from sympathetic countries.  Of which there are many.
I keep think you will grow up and think for yourself but you need a brain to do that and you cannot have a brain and be a Soro's puppet
You are a LIAR! ObamaCare has already FAILED. Something had to be done & your solution is more govt. Sir, YOU are the problem!
What news do you read or watch?
100% accurate statement. We didn't forget and voted GOP Pres, Senate, House and 2/3 Govs. -- and not done.
If you want your nation destroyed, by all means keep going.
LI've this guy!!!! He is truly for the people of our GREAT country!
Sir, do you remember Obama promising us we could keep the same doctor & plan & would save $2,500 a year, didn't happen, a lie, we remember!
Love this guy! Schumer I'd truly for the people of our Great America!!!
If the GOP claims they have an improved plan, where is the counter improved plan by the Democratic Party? Single payer Medicare...yes!
please resign now you are a fool
you only got stupidity and revenge loser!
please resign now

.@edhenry on @foxandfriends 
Real life 4 Real people here in FL!
My fam lost ins last year thnx 2 #Obamacare 
Dems didn't care about us! 
u are just an obstructionist, like the rest of the Dems u spent 8 years with your tongue in Hillary's ass while getting from behind by big O
you vile obstructionist and supporter of Black GENOCIDE via UNplanned MURDERhood! 58,000,000 sliced & sold Blacks
If #Trumpcare passes they must make euthanasia legal, I for one don't want to live a life of unbearable pain. To not do that is beyond cruel
You must!!! We need protection. #resist
Hey Chuck,  tell the American people why you don't have ObamaCare?  You voted it in. You should have it. #hypocrisy
DEMOCRAP HYPOCRITES
It's time for both sides to grow up and do your jobs, what we the ppl pay you to do.quit listening to George soros

You Dems keep talking about the 24million, what about the millions right now without ins,don't they count too?
in the meanwhile until u are voted out of office you will stand in the way of what is good and right while play the cog and piss on america
Obama care caused my cardiologist friend to lose his hospital job in WA.Could no longer afford meds. Stopped meds. Died. ACA killed him!
Chuckles, what are you gonna say when nobody loses their insurance? Will you correct your lying record? #AHCA
I wish you all could work together for the sake of citizens.this hate is really getting old.acting like school kids
DON'T GIVE UP!  TrumpCare = Death to Americans and tax cuts for the rich!
Where were u when Vets were dying on waiting lists? If they voted dem, I bet u wld care.  #GarbagePolitics or personal gain.
Obamacare was designed to fail. Stealing from the poorest of the poor. Health care with a deductible is a health tax that drives up cost
Health care with a deductible is a health tax that deters treatment and causes health problems to get worse driving up cost to get well.
As opposed to not giving anything over the past ten years. Do nothing politician until your candidate loses big.
20 million opted out of ACA in 2016!
6.5 million chose Obama care penalty over ACA coverage!
First $10 grand out of ACA member pockets.
If more Veterans voted democrat, I bet the VA would get fixed.  U let Vets die on waiting list and said nothing. #Pathetic
The GOP did exactly what the people asked them to do! Remember? @POTUS is President! At least 30 states approve of this! @DNC imploding
Arrogance of power
We are wth you!
Senator please don't tell us it's okay; complacency got us here. Tell us which GOP senators to put pressure on besides our own. #trumpcare
Says "Wack a Mole Chucky" when he voted in favor of Obamacare w/o knowing what the bill contained & was exempted from Obamacare.  HYPOCRITE!
You know Chuckie boy, there's no rules that say you can't contribute to the drafting of a health care fix to the dems disaster.
Very comfortable bed at that, I won't forget how he's trying to make America Great Again . And you don't want to see America great again
Thank you, Sen Schumer!
Terrifying the vulnerable by ravaging the ACA #TrumpRyanFakeCare
https://twitter.com/papuzzo200/status/860282312059219968 …
Senator, The Senate overall is about having a great Healthcare Reform Bill, one that accomplishes the real goals for the people. Thank you.
@SenSchumer is a Schmuck. Totally irrelevant now. His partisan bullcrap guaranteed another conservative Supreme Ct Judge within next 4 yrs 
Senator, The fight is far from over, the Senate seems to be less political & more about doing this right for the people, I laud the Senate.
Senator, The Democrats are working on a Healthcare Bill, are they working together? Or each their own? How does this go forward when done?
Senator, The Republicans have a tattoos on their foreheads, all know. The Republicans in the Senate are working on a Healthcare Bill..
TY! &, u'd better or it will b u & @NancyPelosi & other Ds that we'll blame 2. Stay strong. No more votes 4 weak Ds. Lives @ stake. #resist
Amazing. The Very hard working Americans get to pay for your Cadillac Healthcare, we get to lose our coverage! You're all a bunch of Liars!!
Stop obstructing.  You are anti-American
If you're not going to participate in trying to improve it, you are guilty too!   Do your job & work together for the good of all people!
#trumpnocare2
No female Senators on health care panel?? WTF ??!!!
Sickest are covered
Oldest on medicare
Poor on medicaid
Children on S Chip!
That about sums it up!
Lower premiums 
Lower deductibles!
Why don't u & your disgruntled dems do what the rest of the people in the US have to do & learn to work together.
Trump did something 24hr ago no other Republican would have been able to do, in the face of a divided Rep party & Dem obstructionism #repeal
SHUT UP
Please kill this mess in the Senate.
Thank you, @SenSchumer. 

I do not sleep well, or much, these days, but I am glad you don't contribute to my stress.
Dems need to read the tea leaves RIGHT NOW .. present the bill with the ACA fixes .. either a Dem bill or bipartisan but give an option now
The same goes to you Chuck Schumer! Expect to be in a primmary for your political survival! You are a corporatist sellout to Wallstreet!
NY is looking to you and Senator Gillibrand to undo the damage done by Faso and Collins who sold out NY State.
Mr Schumer, please do not give up the fight.
The American people are counting on you.
Obama Care was healthcare with no choice. Better to make eating healthy non toxic food "No choice"
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator Schumer! We are counting on you to protect our healthcare1 #ACA
Really @SenSchumer cuz I'm looking for your endorsement of #HR676 #MedicareForAll @NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein @HillaryClinton where you at?
Hey chuck, na na na na, na, hey, hey trump eon. Na na na na na na , hey , hey Hillary list. Grow up old MAN
Thanks Senator!
U R a group of resistance! we R group of persistence! 1st U thought Demos win Pres., U didn't! say WE WONT Win Health, say by 2 OBAMA CARE
The CBO score is $19.99, does that help. Lmao 
Thank you! Republicans continue to lie about ACA. See Sen.Cornyn's (R-TX) lies about ACA on his official .gov webpage.
Why haven't Dems introduced a bill to fix and patch holes in ACA? Lead, don't just obstruct like GOP did for years. Have solutions!!!!!
Omg!!!!!!!! What is this??????????
Then stop crying and fix it
We didn't forget about the king size disaster bed called Obamacare either....that's a big reason for major loses on Dem side last 8 years
After some reflection I am glad it passed. It was only getting worse after edits and hopefully the GOP will pay the price in 2018.
Watering it down would have made their seats cozier. But we need single payer. Let's move the conversation that way.
U mean tens of millions of illegals who get it for free, ignoring the middle class?
Thousands of people will be without health care if you let companies stop coverage of their employees. Please don't let happen.
Why not apply same concern about Lynch, Abedin, Rice, and Clinton?
You all did the same thing. You passed a monstrosity of a health care that is expensive and without republicans. So quit your nastiness
Which is REALLY nothing!
I vote no
CHUCK! stop ur communist attempt to control the pple by controlling our healthcare!  #1how to create a social state #saulalinsky
Obama care said costs would go down. Didn't.
Obama care said keep own doctor. Couldn't.
Obama care said could keep your plan. No plans left!
What exactly have you done lately for the American people other than whine, cry, complain, and overall try to be an obstructionist?
YOU ARE A VERY SICK MAN-CHUCKEE
Who are you trying to convince yourselves or the Republicans. The only fact we know right now is that the ACA is an abysmal failure. PERIOD!
Yes Please fight!!  Thank you
Thank you !!!!! #RESIST
Keep making waves you losing your grip on what this country want soon it will be a one Party nation if you don't change
