chucky....you peeky panish
does that mean my cousin is a fat pig who steals jokes?
You didn't do anything when ACA harmed me.
Want to go to Saudi Arabia and fight for the rights of#lgbt?
...ya es tiempo que Uds. tome los pasos para sacar ese hombre mentiroso que está haciendo daño a la nación. Ahora, que cada día vale. 
Hablas de schumer?
The Democratic Party, the party of obstruction and intolerence. Unless you're a violent  or an illegal immigrant.....then they you.
Even in Spanish that's not true!!! El mentiroso! El Hipo'crita!
Y baboso
Si
Agree! Also, Chuck!, don't forget to say a few honest and positive words about Hillary's great interview w/ Amanpour!! @WomenforWomen Thanks
You're right, that was the BEST interview I've seen.......especially since she wasn't the president of the US while doing it. 
Nope, I'm a Nasty Woman & proud she didn't win. Love that she can give interview & not ONCE call for Antifa to stop violence #DemoTerrorists
Why would she want it to stop?  It's her base
Race Baiter

#Pendejo #Bastardo
Porque no te oigo protestar el asesinato de Kate Stanley su familia ha sido herida por un ILEGAL. BABOSO !!!
I am an American of Hispanic decent, and I you sir are a puto. #MasPuto #MAGA #AmericanFirst #AmericansFirst #AmericaFirst

Eres una broma lamentable
Usted señor es un idiota
Why don't you condemn the anarchists in colleges that attack Freedom of speech? Because they are against Trump right Mr Schumer?
How stupid you look after Mulvaney set the record straight! You Dems look more insane by the minute! LOL
STUPIDO
Did i leave my country?
Breaking Schumer turns back on his own voters and starts twitting immigrants . Desperate to shore up his votes. Looks like Chuck will be out
, you hear what?

English first poor favor.
Pandering, just pandering.
Speak English this is America! And your divisive gender identity politics are exactly why Dems lost. Disgusting and abhorrent. .@SenSchumer
@FredSrock What language is American? #NOTmaga
Stop taking 50 thousand vacations you overpaid incompetents and start cooperating and compromising!!!!! Enough!
No Trans operations pay for my the taxpayers.
Your extremism is leading us to abolishing the filabuster!  In the past, reason would win out but you guys are lunatics!
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA USES ENGLISH AS ITS FIRST LANGUAGE.
Chuck You remain A Panderer And Needy Old Man Because Of Your Classless DemeanorHopefully You Are Not Elected Ever Again, You Will Learn Pal

Why do u lie?
Schumer you need to stop your lies. We are able to translate what you are saying and as usual u are lying. U need to stop
Schumer. Trump is not available St the LGBTQ community. Stop lying.
My bad. He's trying to say this administration is against the LGBTQ community he's lying
No one listens to you.  Deaf, yep.  Dems have been losing seats for years because of you and your pandering pro-criminal party.
Is it pandering day already?
Always pandering day for Chuck
Are you speaking to your constituents?
Nadie escucha más a los Demócratas son un partido partido sin mensaje ni rumbo son un desastre dan vergüenza  Obstruccionistas y Mentirosos!
either fire the "Spanish speaker" of your staff or stop using Google translate
I think it says: "Give me the fish of your brother Raul".
Senator you should not write in Spanish you know our president will think you're talking about him
That agree with your sentiments
Why are you  remaining silent on the violent  protesters and attack on free speech ?
#notmyshomer
Don't understand, but agree 100%
(I think...)
Click on his deranged tweet then press translate spanish
What?
Its his secret code
LOL! I guess so 
