How did this monster acquire the arsenal he used to rain down death on a crowd of innocents?  Were those guns purchased & compiled legally?
What was this person’s perverted motive? Was there any history of mental health issues?
What led a man to commit such violence upon his fellow human beings, complete strangers? What twisted reasoning? What madness?
Some of the questions we have today won’t have clear answers; others are perhaps beyond our fathoming. But some will have answers.
We will have to reckon with the fact that this man was able to assemble an arsenal of military-grade weapons.
Why don't you buck Planned Parenthood @SenSchumer and maybe millions of babies will be saved.
“We should lock up all the millionaire real estate investors until we figure out what the hell is going on.”
We should lock up all the crooked #democrat politicians who put the #USA $20 TRILLION in #Debt & passed #ObamaCare #FAIL 2 C "what's in it"
Start now gun control and your grand children might be more secure than our generation.
No answers! Fool: Gun Control, Real Gun Control.stop sales buy back as much as possible!
Questions like how people like YOU got elected!!
Alert : Chuck Schumer please retire , go away , bring on some co-operative leadership to move past the Stuck in the mud Obama , Clinton days
Here is a question. Why the heck is the NRA allowed anywhere near Congress? They are buying anti-control votes. Banish them for good.
Wow. And I think people who take a knee during our anthem should be banished from our country. But there’s an Amendment against that too.
Umm, people don't die when someone takes a knee. Apples and Oranges.
Umm, ok. But someone DID die to give them the right to do that particular “deplorable” thing. Oranges and Apples
Congress runs the county
You're not taking my guns. Period.
There are two answers. On shooting - ban assault weapons. On National embarassment - impeachment. It really is that simple. Good luck, sir.
@SenSchumer plz m9be on gun control. No one is safe. NRA controls our lawmakers.
What about the 2 bills before the house this week re: silencers and armor piercing bullets?!?!  What are these people thinking?
How about congress not taking money from the NRA/ Gun Lobby! You wouldn't take money from a drug lord! They both destroy lives!
Mostly rage since this didn't have to happen.
This man was pure Evil no one can stop a mad man from doing something like this.Not the gun it's the Evil in the person
You and your colleagues have fucking blood on your hands. You're ALL a bunch of #donothings
We need gun violence data
Government exists to protect people not the NRA. Failing to do your jobs makes you grifters
We don't need the answers. We need to become a civilized country. We need gun control now
I am a NY resident. My question is how to gain a ban on weapons of war? What are you doing to change our future?
I have the answer NRA!! Take it away! They own Congress. There's no question with automatic weapons; they are good only for mass murder.
Me too. Questions like WHEN WILL CONGRESS DO SOMETHING!!!
This is a financial boon for the gun industry (more sales), gun lobby ($) and @NRA($) Profiting of this event and other mass shootings
Not to worry. TOMORROW you will blame the NRA, the 2nd Amendment, the Republicans, country music, and every legal gun owner in the U.S.

Chunky @SenSchumer  bad guys get guns. Good guys get more laws and red tape. Law should be Arm US Citizens. Bring it!
And congress is considering passing gun silencer law? What is it going to take to reform gun laws in this country? The rhetoric is quotidian
Senator, bring a bill to the floor. Instead of the common, "our thoughts and prayers..." GET LEGISLATION IN PLACE TO END THIS MADNESS.
Mr. Schumer, we need you and your Democratic colleagues to lead the way in banning these horrible weapons from killing us.
Everything you and your ilk have to say is just cliche.  Go lead the rubber ducks innyour bath tub because are not the leader of people.
We need your leadership now more than ever do your part to get stricter laws ASAP #EnoughIsEnough
And no democratic leader...
Free Kurdistan
As we always are after these massacres.
That's because your belly is yellow and your head is empty and your pocket is full of corporate money. Gun control is the answer. NRA Chuck
Let’s stop the political bashing   Instead use the hashtag #remembervegas and be kind and get the job done
Yes, sir.
Chuck be leader quit playing politics
No Ur not!Ur just waiting the appropriate amount of time before U start crying 4”Gun Control!”The 1 thing that actually helps the bad guys!
Just think if the silencer bill had past. The shooter couldnt be heard or found
We have answers but the NRA is suppressing them.
The answer is do something to change the laws!
And in 2 second you're going to politicize it all. You'll stand o. The graves of these poor people and try to push your agenda
Agreed. Maybe it's time the left take the high road and stop feeding MSM. Look at this story 
The answer is for the Dems to speak out loud and clear for sensible gun laws. I can't believe we allow private citizns to have arsenals.
I only have one question. Why are ppl allowed to buy machine guns ever?
Yes: If TrumpCare had passed, and I was alive but shooting victim with long-term recovery needs, how would I afford my healthcare costs?
Senator, please lead the way to gun control. We need you.
Responsible gun control laws and more money for mental health are the only answers.

(1) The entire family knew.

And they're lying.

…
Q1:  you’re as effective as a Republican on this issue. #DoYourJob
Sounds like life in North Korea!
You guys sure know how to hide from blame.  All these  innocent people die from guns. You talk.. tweet. Have done nothing to protect us.
Question: How are we as a nation still allowing these mass shootings? Answer: NRA money and influence in politics. Period. #GunControlNow
The question that matters? What are you and others in Congress going to do about it?
Gun restrictions @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr and the NRA needs to go!
Do something about then.
Pretty fucking lame, Chuck!
Yeah? Whatcha gonna do when it's revealed that the killer was ONE OF YOURS?!?! I've got a suggestion: commit mass suicide with Pelosi n Bern
There are no questions.  Assault Weapons ban is the answer.
Chuck quit the talk and let’s see some action. Since election you have been Mr No Action
we need to stop judicial watch from wasting our money reviews hillarys emails
And a president who does not have clue one what to do about it.
An administration who loosens regulations to make it easier to perpetuate mass killings
No. We all know the answer & glazing it 2 seem more tolerable doesn't help any longer. In your powerful role, what will you do?
Here's a question:  WHY haven't we reduced access to guns, especially guns of mass destruction?
WHEN will our congress have the guts?
The biggest question of all, how can the left use this tragedy to push their political agenda when the blood is still flowing?! Sick!
These guns!
These tragedies!
This madness!!
Horror, sadness, and rage - yes. Shock- not so much anymore.
The biggest question is why the USA dies NOTHING  gun law reform.  #colddeadhands
What we need is @realDonaldTrump gone and a REAL leader in his place.
Oh yea that'll fix everything. Wake up
Crying Chuck, did you forget about Chicago? What is the body count there that is still rising?
America is LIVID at Liberal traitors who are selling the SOUL of our country. Eliminate the SOURCE of evil vs the symptoms? It takes BRAINS.


As we pray for the victims and families of this inhuman act, let lock arms as citizens to prevent the continued reoccurance of this menace.
(1)We need to have a serious and honest conversation about gun violence in this country  without political bias.
(2) We need to do everything we can to greatly reduce gun violence in this country. That's one of the best ways to RESPECT LIFE.
We know one thing we need effective gun laws now! Congress get it done or we will get you out
We are NOT shocked. We saw it coming. The NRA and Congress allowed it to happen. #GunControlNow  #Bloodonyourhands
Sorry, the questions have answers, but NO ONE wants to do anything about it. Get busy on this, or you will lose MY respect.

TODAY trump should issue a stop on any automatic gun and high capacity ammo until this sorted out! @realDonaldTrump makes good EO.
Fuck the 2nd amendment 
Looks like your plan worked. Oh, you left your watch on my nightstand last week.
... with too many, too powerful guns .... it MUST be clear disturbed, deranged and dangerous people are damn near everywhere now #RESIST
Thanks to Liberalism!
Repugs sleeping with NRA!Taking $ of dresser AM!Like common whores!Need proper gun control laws!
We need affordable Hcare incl mental, smart gun control, and living wages. If  it's a mass shooting or other gun violence,  it's connected.
Sen. My hero for decades. Met you x 2 A Community Homecare Course.2) My Beloved Elias & Sylvia KarmonSylvia's RN-Hence my 
13,000 people died last year because Someone shot them with a gun. (Doesn't include suicide) #NRA is actively preventing common sense laws
Tom, I'm very sad about this incident also. Unfortunately if a mentally deranged person wants to kill they will figure out a way to do it.
I don't have one question about sensible gun control. We need our politicians to have some balls and fight the NRA. Stop taking their money.
Our demand for sensible gun control won't disappear any more than Black Lives Matter and police reform .@TheDemocrats Stand up, do something
I think we know the answer but there are too many on the side of the gun.
Fuck the questions! We all ask the same ones every tragedy! Get to work on changing the laws!
The man and his motive doesn't really matter. His access to guns does. Please, let's stick to the point.
Two windows broken out. Why is that?
Rented 2 rooms so shot from 2 window?
Chuck what are the dems going to do?
I don't have any questions. Our culture has become craven, shameful, and cruel. NRA lobby w their money is the political priority.
Again
How about getting some legislation on the table!
How many more? music video. https://youtu.be/v6u-ojwTP5s  #GunControlNow #Heartbroken
We don’t need these impotent tweets! WE NEED GUN CONTROL not metal detectors! #STOPtheViolence!
Nobody is shocked. That’s the problem. A nation of PTS victims from the gun violence all around us.
Horror, sadness and rage, sure, but shock? No, sadly.
NOBODY NEEDS AUTOMATIC WEAPONS! It's time to protect Americans not the @NRA!
Full auto weapons are already illegal!!!!
I have a question: why is @NRA manipulating @GOP to allow thousands of Americans to die? Dollars over lives. Party over country. @GOP guilty

Over at @TheOnion, they just publish this story over and over http://trib.al/7ILqSGa  
We need common sends gun laws. Assault weapons should be a privilege not a right.
NO silencers Chuck. NO to the NRA
Who Is Chuck? There's Answers just NO One has Balls to Enact them! So until then SHOCK is NOT an Answer!
Assault weapons enable mass murder & silencers help shooter hide. Devastated by #GUNviolence? So are we! Pass #CommonSenseGunControl now!
Again.  You forgot the word AGAIN.
Tell congress we demand action. Remove their metal detectors. Maybe they'll then take action.
Just remember, if nothing happened w/ #guncontrol after Sandy Hook, it never will. More laws to buy/sell cars than 4 guns. Signed: Gun Owner
This didn't affect some Northeastern school, it affected middle America. This will be a catalyst for sure. #guncontol
Gun control NOW
Not shock as long as weapons of mass destruction are available never shock just sadness
Really? What questions are left to be answered? Weapons of war belong with soldiers in a war zone. Period. #LasVegasShooting
I noticed you were filled with horror and not terror.....
Why don’t you lead us? Let’s take to the streets for gun control? You lead, we’ll follow.
Hitler once said to conquer a country you must first disarm its citizens

I’m sure those questions revolve around how to take people’s guns away but I’m sure you have the answer chuck.
