I face this fight with the same determination I’ve fought for the people of Hawaii. And I never quit, especially when things get tough. 
I like and respact Mr Chuck Schumer, wise man.
Both of you NEED to go, Chuck U SUCK 
How do you live with yourself? The people are not fooled by you and the dems. Trump is Pres. get over it and start acting like a senator
So how's your health care Mazie
Blah blah blah
please resign now or impeach you dumbbell
Ftb
Sounds more like trying to secure campaign funds to remain in office...should probably resign & focus on her health
Well I certainly wish her luck with treatment. Tell me Chuck this is ACA she is using 4?treatment, yes?Or do you Senators have a better plan
Never give up Fighting...
I heard there was something really bad in her past that will ruin her if it gets out. We are really going to let it out to everyone!!!
The Cry baby senator that needs to retire.
Sir, you are trying to hurt the Prez but even worse you are hurting America & the American People!
Ur drama & acting r not very good. UR speech was inappropriate 4 someone out 2 get him at every turn..We're not buying it,sorry
You should try to put America first. You are what is wrong and why we need term limits!
YOU are a POND SCUM..DIRTBAG..LOWLIFE..America HATING..Piece of DOG DOO.  And THOSE are your GOOD points!!! YOU are nothing but a LIAR!
Your not... Obstruction should be your middle name.  Get back to the people business taxes healthcare jobs immigration

I wish you well Senator.  Don't t forget to rest sometimes.  You can't help others if you don't take care of you.  Fight!
No she is not.
HEY SCHUMER  AMERICANS ARE AWAKE AND WATCHING YOU DEMOCRATS
Pray all goes well
These are the people that follow Chuck Shoemaker

No it's about magnets wait smell and taste.Obama closed it and your covering up
You are a ball and chain on a swimmer's legs Chuck Schumer !!! Chuck Schumer is a bad reference for any American !!!
They should have Obama care like us
HIS NAME WAS SETH RICH! #sethrich
Such bull ! She should fight with the oath she swore to uphold. Telling yourself anything else is just lying to yourself
@SenateDems - Rich had info on BHO & HRC unmasking GOP and other private citizens is that TRUE ? Coming out Thursday ? Per NEWS
.@maziehirono Wishing you the best and good luck! Sending prayers
That's a scary thought no one would want u walking with them every step you are a back stabber
Nine months ago I told you you were self-employing corrupt politician I could make millions predicting the future because you're too obvious
I'm very impressed by this Twitter why don't you stick to it



I have cancer so if she's corrupt who the hell cares

@wikileaks Why don't YOU, The Senate Minority Leader, inquire about Murder of #DNC staffer #SethRich? Or even speak out 4 Justice? #DNCLeaks
Why do Dems always have the word FIGHT in every sentence they say especially Elizabeth Warren probably because that's all they do is fight 
At least she will get treatment because she has tax payer funded healthcare for all of you politicians #RepealAndReplace
#SethRich

TX REP GREEN CALLS TO IMPEACH
http://www.learnprogress.org/congressman-bombshell-statement/?utm_medium=push&utm_source=onesignal&utm_campaign=onesignal …
Hilary is above the law. Come lost his job for a reason.... because he let Hilary be above the law. Maybe he didn't want to be Seth Rich!!

Look at them, all loosers!
@maziehirono our prayers and thoughts are with you. Please keep us updated! We will give you the strength that you've given us. 
GOD BLESS YOU AND KEEP YOU IN HIS LOVING CARE!!!
you are next
Thus us what happens when you cross the clintons.
