I'm confused isn't Obamacare doing the same. Why don't you tell the truth. You could care less about American peoples lives. If you did
You would work with the republicans and stop the RESIST movement
And also the resist movement is not ruled by Mr Schumer, it is the people defending their medical care. It s democracy in action
haha  My family lost insurance under ACA.No Dr would take it.Visits to ER to see Dr.Bills now another mortgage.
Thats because the GOP killed the public options and undermined the insurance markets. Maybe now we will get that fixed, bipartisan.
wrong..lost our insurance before elections.Dems could have fixed it years ago.Did nothing.Passed it on lies.Noone kept Dr or saved 2500.00
And if they do nothing? Be honest now...we have Google. #termlimits
He will stop all subsidies next to make it fail.
this mess is your fault you and nancy pelosi
EVERY PERSON ON OBAMA CARE WILL LOSE IT NO MATTER WHAT! INSURERS ARE DROPPING OUT ANYWAYS! #CommonSense
LOL
Chuck, your ACA did no better. Should we end that?
Your made up number is still less than the # of NYers who cannot afford Obamacare policies, Schmuckie. #DrainTheSewer
http://nypost.com/2017/05/15/state-insurers-to-seek-rate-hike-for-2018-obamacare-policies/ …
“New York plans have requested double-digit rate hikes in each of the past three years, and it’s a safe bet...again
You mean they will have to find there own insurance?  You mean we wouldn't be wiping their arse?  WOW. what a concept
Give up your subsidy
Obamacare raised my premiums by more than $4,000. I think that you were told it would but you didn't care. THAT is not care either.
Happy? Thanks a lot!  My current premium of $800 could go up to over 1k!  Oh, maybe that is what you want. #more PAYING citizens w/o care.
Good.  Why should We the People pay for the lazy to have health insurance when we cannot afford it for ourselves?
BS. How about the # of People who were FORCED to buy UNUSABLE Healthcare with HIGH DEDUCTIBLES and NO PROVIDERS? TIME 4 TERM LIMITS
Obama and Democrats created an entitlement program that cannot be sustained by working Americans .
RINOS helped. You know they all go into one room and decide who will vote for and against what, It's a playbook against America. #termlimits
Rich?  You mean working-class people?  Ed Marshall, you live on entitlements in mommies basement?
Do you even read the feedback from your insane rambling? Your spirit animal must be an ostrich. You squawk then ram your head in the sand.
U only think abt NY not the rest of the country which ur suppose to serve also u Dem are disgusting need to fire all of congress
Similar nationwide. Worse would be voting a bill back to the House that the vast majority hope will never become law! No games with rules!
dave just text ... said "that's a bloody big number !!!!" ... I had to agree ...
One Obamacare provision could actually improve quality and decrease costs, but Labor Dept rules block it: Group Ins.
ALL you care about is those votes !
I think we should keep ObamaCare let the democrats choke on it
Remember...God don't like Ugly, lies are ugly. #MAGA #dts
that many illegals in NY alone! Disgusting!

You show a Palestinian flag and we are supposed to take whatever you seriously, William Clark?
#lyingchuckschumer
I can't afford any more. I will drop my insurance. At 59, I don't care anymore. Paid 4 HC since starting working. I can't handle this stress
Sometimes you need to roll the dice. I went yrs without insurance, put the money in savings. Now, I have ins and can pay high deductibles .
Not at 59. Too many things can go wrong. I'm including crazy drivers. Aito insurance only covers so much.
So a million NYers who don't want to purchase health-care, won't be mandated and charged a fee! How is this a loss?
Alright by me.
I call Bull S....t , most of those would not be forced to buy Obamacare, your such a snake . 100% Heroine addicts started out on milk.
Hey Chuckie, can't wait to see you on Wall St hypocrite! The sight of you makes my skin crawl!
Why are you and your staff exempt from this wonderful healthcare plan you shoved on all of us??
Americantraitor
Fake news chucky. Maybe the people that are afraid to lose it should start helping the rest of us fucking pay for it.
No matter what side you hear, their figures are inaccurate; most likely lies.
Why would anyone want to do this?!!!!  The devil himself.
Happy Senators rejected this.  Since Pres GW no Pres has been sooo bad.  Dump Trump
Now that you wan you are not going to raise our prices for healthcare are you cause I can't afford what I have now and can't get healthcare
Tax the New Yorker liberals more to pay for those folks!
@realDonaldTrump the USA should NOT be providing health insurance, like a socialist country, we a republic with open commerce geez chuck
Contrary to your believe, there are more states in this country than New York. You've damaged the United States severely with your stupidity
All illegals in New York alone. I shouldn't have to be forced to have health care, it's non American. God forgive me but I loathe you
If politicians are exempt from O care than we the people should be too - you aren't royalty. You supposedly represent us.
Do you realize that O care has raised premiums by thousands too-if O care is so great why aren't any of you politicians using it -
Lies. we have the largest welfare state. Can't afford all these taxes . People leaving NY. GET IT!
Good!  How many of these are lazy, leeches that get Medicaid  How many should stop getting for free what I work hard for? Just stop the free
by choice.Imagine letting Americans chose.Dems ruined American healthcare.They own it.Way more issues now than with free market
Ur lies will catch up with your party
Your propaganda (lies) are ridiculous.  But, it's what we expect from true POLITICIANS.   DRAIN THE SWAMP!   TERM LIMITS! ! ! ! !
Because they won't B forced 2buy insurance n because they'll B moved 2other plans that Rbetter 4 them that the market has not yet created
Can't trust CBO they also said O'care would save us money on premiums lies
Budget Office Analysis = Foggy Crystal Ball! Insult to Ripley's Believe It or Not!
So Mid East refugees who come from radical country's r getting free healthcare grants under ACA? WHAT ABOUT AMERICANS CHUCKY?
If u r enrolled in Obamacare Michigan holds most mid eastern refugees who ALL got a grant for FREE healthcare!!!
Well everyone! Might wanna see the real problem w ACA! Check out this link!
Repubs. didn't want it to pass they wanted Congr. to go to conference and amend it. Tell it like it is. Dems said NO. One more nail
Another lie!  Ocare is a lie!
The rich New Yorkers are not the only American Citizens needing affordable healthcare! I live on SS income alone - what about me and others?
The moment that U, Chucky Cheese, show ANY ability 2 CARE 4 anything other than U  + your PAYCHECK, yule still be ZERO CREDABILITY SCHUMER
You only cared to obstruct. This doesn't help anyone. It is mean spirited.
Have you heard of single payer? How about Medicare for all? Comparing yourself to Rethugs does not work anymore 4 Democrats get progressive.
Chuck, do you read your responses? Because I just did and was pretty happy to see that they all know your a liar.. read 'em!
No, dummy, they would be ALLOWED to get out of insurance they can't afford! Stop lying, chuck!
This is what happens when government overreaches and delves into uncontitutional areas, Chuckie.  The ACA is the root cause.
Schumer wants the nation to bail NY out of their fiscal irresponsibility. NY expanded Medicaid. Let them pay it through raising STATE taxes.
Congratulations, we have nothing here, but I'll sleep well knowing you do
Small business owners do not have care now. We have huge catastrophic insurance that costs about $15,000 a yr. Shame!
#SinglePayerNow When @DNC Majority Insurers "Won"-"I Am Totally Burned Out’ Patients Watch HealthCare Debate w/Dread
#NeverACAorAHCA #SinglePayerNow! Remember @DNC Passed #ACA Knowing It Needed Fixing—Becoming Unaffordable Care Act
Allow insurance to cross borders, cap lawsuits at $500k, Create pool for the 3% with pre existing and GET THE Fing gov out.. Simple
You LIAR! YOU lied to us 7 yrs ago and still LYING! Millions will NOT keep their Insurance!  It's dying in each State and will NOT BE FUNDED
How about you and all the Sens and Congress get the SAME coverage that I get?..Huh?.. I HATE every single one of you..R and D.. A Holes
You failed to mention all the people who are uninsured due to Obamacare.
what is the point of having a committee if they won't let you discuss this?
Thank you, Sir, for doing the right thing and fighting the good fight for your state and all mankind.  Yes, we must do better!  #voteno
Why do you think it's all up to Democrats when you hid what was in Obamacare from the country! You could help Republicans but you refused!
Why are you ashamed of the ACA yes it was imperfect but look at the millions who got health care? voters know McConnell block more reform!
Oh stop with your scare tactics and lies! You refused single payer and many of your constituents asked for it. These taxes hurt many.
Too many on medicaid stop taking my money 2 pay 4 new Yorkers. Repeal obamacare  now @GOP does not know about teamplayers nvr had a real job
Ocare is useless yet there you are bitchin an moaning. Didn't Pelosi say we have to pass Ocare 1st to know what's in it? 
I remember. #MAGA
you did this
Was not supposed to happen. ACA designed to fail, triggers after BHO gone, but HRC was supposed to be there w/single payor. Exposed. Kill it
Thank you so much for helping vote for the ACA (Obama care) the most disastrous legislation in history.  It should have been named after U
Sorry Senator, govt control of healthcare has never been the answer. Inherently inefficient. In fact, very little is better in hands of govt
No, Senator, that figure reflects the # of those in NY no longer mandated to buy coverage. Be intellectually honest. More govt not answer
Geez. My rate went up $500 under Obamacare and now, after having a heart attack, I can't afford it, or the meds. Thank you Senator A$$wipe
That's $500 a month, not annually.
Lose or choose?
What's not care is the BIG FAT LIE, you can keep your doctor, your HC plan and premiums will go down Obamacare nonsense. That's not care.
Thank you for fighting to protect healthcare for millions of Americans.
Obama care is FAILING
With the ACA you said premiums would decrease, yet they increased. So now when you say they will increase, what do you think I expect?
So raising the cost of healthcare and forcing millions to pay a tax penalty for opting out is only cool when Democrats do it?
Nah bruh!!! WTH!!! 
Schumer, talk to GOP across aisle and try to get more NAYs!!!! Try!!!
Screw 'em.
no one cares what New Yorkers want. You vote for socialism you get what you deserve.
Try caring about those Americans who have been and continue to pay for their own insurance.
New Yorkers can afford it. He'll what's the medium rental???
What we need is the United Nations' help in order to convict and punish both Trump and the entire GOP for their acts of bloodshed.
I don't hear anyone talking the U.N.'s response to any of this as we need to make our voices heard and present the facts to the U.N.
trump trolls are coming to the defense of their dirty cult leader. Maybe, just maybe he'll fly them to Guyana and give them his koolaid.
Please 
Neither is obama care. Never had insurance that wouldn't cover anything until obama care.
Stop playing defensive. Go on offensive by pushing #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer .
The Obamacare legislation was designed to fail. Who do you think you're kidding? Unaffordable group rates now, so who cares? Not you, sir.
#SkinnyRepeal NYers VOLUNTEER to lose their coverage. What part of this do you Liberal NOT understand? NY is another WELFARE STATE.
Lets do Masscare in NY State so we can get out of this GOP horror show. Romneycare, which evolved into Obamacare. Cheap premiums in MASS!
Why didn't you do something when premiums increased under ACA? I got, it was named after your savior. #HYPOCRITE
Really senator how? Not taking ANY coverage away. You get to keep all your medicaid voters
That's a fat lie.
"If you want to keep your doctor, you can?" Over 6 million have insurance they can't use because of high deductibles. Freebies 4others.
I'm curious what's the number gonna be with you guys sitting back doing nothing?
Thank you for your passion and tenacity as you fight for our healthcare. Proud you are my Senator!
#SkinnyRepeal puts health care decisions back in the hands of individuals, not the collective, you commie. My body. My choice. Not yours.
Blah blah blah
Complete deriliction of duty by @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain & @SenRonJohnson to vote "yes" saying out loud they don't want it to be law.
@SpeakerRyan is deceitful. Senate will blame House. House will blame Senate. America totally screwed.
Chuck, people are way smarter than you think. You screwed over the American people with Obama care...who the hell are you kidding. I will
I suppose you generated these numbers via the headless chicken dance?
#NoVawa4Vsia
Senator do you make these figures up eh? How do you know all of this at a whim eh?
I have none now bc it's $900 per month $2500 deductible then pays only half of bills what do you have to say ?
Why are you lying? Why aren't you doing something about mess you created? What will you do if Obamacare implodes as it will very soon?
THAT ISN'T THE TRUTH EITHER-TO BUY IT & NOT BE ABLE TO USE IT IS OUTRAGEOUS!  U JUST WANT MORE TO LINE YOUR POCKETS FROM INS. COMPANIES.
Lol
and ?
Chucky please go to work.
What the hell Chuckles.  You just pull these numbers out of you ass?  Someone told you to play this card and you ran with it?
Please how do you just lose coverage?
how about the Quality of Care I want the same plan you have
New York gets more Federal funds than the taxes paid into the Treas.. too many free "lunches" given away in this corrupt state and city.
What would the number B if they do nothing and let Obama care explode your most favorite insurance what's the number
So now you care about rising premiums?
Will President Trump Skip Congress and Back Rules Treating Health  Insurance as a Utility instead of a Luxury?
I gross $50K a year, but I can't afford to pay 1/4-1/3 of my income for health insurance. I would have to do without.
Too bad. Beats your solution
More will lose their health insurance when Obamacare crashes and burns, there is no way in hell we will ever get SINGLE PAYER!!
No, others won't have to pay for theirs and they will have to be responsible and self reliant. That my dear Chucky is America.
My retiree non-Mktplc prem grew to ~$1K/mo bc O-care. Lots of areas in US will have no ins prov in '18 (pre-Trump decision). Explain this.
More looney liberal lies
You say this isn't a joke, your party treats it like it is. You and your party care nothing for working Americans. You are has been, retire!
You sit back and obstruct and complain. Good luck winning any more elections. Start working for US.
How are dems obstructing? Repubs have WH, Senate and House they literally can't obstruct. Trumpcare would be worse than obamacare.
Yeah and my retired mom in Buffalo went back to work PT to afford her and my stepdads premiums. 43 years worked and Obamacare fucked her
Then why are we loosing insurers and our premiums are going up - 20% more again in PA, while YOU site on your ass? ODUMASS care = shit
Cryin Chuck. Has it crossed your mind to maybe reach out to the GOP? Work with them for the American people? Of course not.
Move to Alaska, or Maine
May I suggest Siberia? The USA doesn't want him.
And we're supposed to believe you when you and traitor Obama said Obamacare would reduce premiums by $2500? Sure, Chuckie.
#SkinnyRepeal
My bet is it doesn't even come close to the jeopardy ur obama care has put on NYers'
Dems have had 8 yrs to fix. GOP had 8 yrs to get a plan. BOTH FAILED ppl.U can't tell the truth& say premiums go up. U don't know about plan
Hey Chucky, what is your deductible?
#Careless
what about taking Sen Daines up on his amendment of a single payor "Medicare for All" proposal?  Wouldn't that be a good thing
That's why opening up the floor for debate is so important. Now, all ideas are on the table.
LIAR 16 Million will now have choice, only liberals idiots can make CHOSE = LOSE no wonder you Democrats lose so many elections.
Stop preaching to the choir and go convince the GOP
I have lost all respect for you Chuck
Nice vote against low income Americans getting financial support for your shady Obamacare. Dem -50, Repubs +50.
Did you warn us about Obamacare, the costs. Losing plans, doctors? No. You are not trusted Chuck Schumer
This is crying Schemer before his last election:
