Apparently Trump 1st met you,probably some 30-plus years ago,when he was a Democrat! Why the change of heart,I wonder? Now he's a
DISASTER!
When are you going withdraw Chuck, you been Screwing Americans for how many years now?
And then Judy wakes up... #dreaming
What's so bad about it so far?  Seriously.
Then try naming one thing
Mr Schumer. Do you like anybody? Your a fear monger and a major part of the fake news. You and Dems better get on board or be left behind
Senator Schumer, I am curious if a bill can't be introduced to have our Presidential elections held on Saturday and Sunday w/early voting.
you are the one who disparages and vilified.
So, when should we the people of NYS expect your resignation for all the people you continue to disparage & vilify? #WeAreNY #JustStopNow
You should take your own advice Chucky
what a fool
If we match better off if you draw your name from politics lying Chuck Schumer
You disparage and vilify your non Leftist constituents daily... time to go Schmuckster
Speaking the truth hurt him and you are happy.

Schumer you need to start working with President instead of fighting. America is falling apart with your people stupidly
Blah blah blah

People are protesting in Venezuela for food! While Protesters in America can't explain what they are protesting for.#think about it. 
DemocRAT Leader; that's a laugh!  You're the DemocRAT LIAR Schmuck Schumer.

Amen
I misread your post-disagree with you.
HA. You've just thrown down the gauntlet for F*ckface to find someone even worse. Just watch.
Regardless, we ducked a bullet with this one. Dang life sucks so much these days... #trumptastrophe
Never underestimate the vicious anarchic hate & contempt of this admin; they appt ppl to head agencies those ppl wish to destroy. Calculated
totally agree, screw us. gleeful exhibited behavior is disgusting. yesterday in RG was about "look what we did to the 1st black president".
The only withdrawal that will bring good news to Americans is when you are GONE wake up America this guy & his racist bigot party is lost
Schumer your the one that needs to go
Hillary lost. Get over it,  She, just like u dont care about America, u only care about the $$ u can make off of Americans.
lies...shameful, you obstructionist
You? Worried about him disparaging? That's the pot calling the kettle black!
All u do is sit on ur high communist horse and screw over Americans. It's time for u to get the hell out of Congress and go away
Screw u Schumer. How dare u belittle a man that dedicated his life to protect this country. U didn't have balls to do so coward...
The real question is... did Trump know and not care, or is this yet another stunning example of poor vetting by the White House?
Your pathertic!  Did you serve?
The same way you and ur cohorts do @POTUS? Him being a christian wouldnt have anything to do with it?
Another good man chopped down by the media. So he thinks like an American not a politician. War is not civilized we r loosing thank u dems
Amazing. Another one of Trumps choices is gone!
Please Chuck you have never helped NYS. NOW YOU WANT TO TAKE AWAY OUR RETIREMENT.  YOU AND YOUR CORRUPT GOVERNOR.  MY GOODNESS WHAT NEXT?
All you do is obstruct and report negative empty crap. Don't you get it? We need your help in NYS.  HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE.
We are begging you to please start working to create real industry in NYS. STOP RELYING ON THE GOVERNMENT TO SUPPORT OUR STATE. Get to work
More hate from the dispicable Chuck Schumer,he lives,breaths and swims in hate, hope the stress gives him a heart attack
If vilification n disparagement is the benchmark u n Ms. Pelosi would have been gone long ago.
When the super rich have access to the generals to do their bidding, fascism thrives, democracy dies. Lower the flag to half staff.
Well said, Sen. Schumer!! 
Out to destroy America thru taxing to death regulation and paralyzingly  govt Obama care destroying small business this evil man
Thx Chuckles. Wish u would withdraw. Go clean up that filthy apartment u share with Trick Durbin
Chucky cheese
good news  if you left to chuckles
What about the good man you've disparaged and vilified for having reasonable beliefs held by the majority of Americans? You're ridiculous.
Taxpayers want to hear from Susan Rice.  Use your power to get her to Capital Hill.  Otherwise our only conclusion is cover up on spying.

chuck the cucks liberal dream world:
Obama care was a success.
Illegal immigration is good
HC lost Wisc because of Russia
This means a lot coming from Chuck who makes every attempt to smear and vilify everyone with opposing views.
Hey chuckie  
Schumer are you ever going to get hate for our President out if your heart   Hell bound if not
You should remove your name from senator because of all the criminal activity youre involved in and lies and hate that you spread
Dems s/b providing a counterbalance argument daily arguing the GOP plan is flawed. Don't wait til a month before midterms to control message
Where are the Dems? GOP tweeting daily in groups praising a horrible healthcare plan that will leave millions w/o healthcare. Where are Dems
My last count that makes 14 or 15 withdrew fired disqualified or took another job
Senator, you are a disappointment to me. Time for you to support citizens, not the Democrat Party. Wake up old man.
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
It would be greater news if you left the Senate and joined a circus.
Ahh. As you consistently vilify our President and fellow Conservatives alike??
This is very bad news for all American of good will and good character. But it's ok. I've read this story. We win in the end.
it's a shame you will never serve our country with the honor and distinction this man did.
Pander
You're an OBSTRUCTIONIST!
Maybe you should do the same chuckles
too bad at least he was being hinest senator
Unemployment rate drops to lowest number in a decade - No thanks to the useless Dems in congress 
http://dailym.ai/2q6yxSS  via @MailOnline
Hey Chuckster way to attack a Christian any Jewish people you'd like to slander ?
Remember when Trump said he had "the best people"?
You are a dork
So sad that you are so quick to vilify an honorable and good man.
What about all of the Americans YOU disparage and vilify? Maybe you need to GET OUT
Disparaging like the new head of the DNC? You Liberal Democrats are beyond hypocrisy and reality.
You are such a bully!
@realDonaldTrump @VP @seanhannity @JoeNBC @maddow Well now Mr.Trump no one to run the Army or Navy. Gee think your losing
Chuck Schumer you are pathetic and you guys are going downhill


They'll just find someone else just as vile and repulsive

Everything you say is disparaging and vilifying. Are you going to resign from the Senate?
Chucky baby, you ought to resign for the good of most of America
you sir are disgraceful!
You faccist democrats took down another good American. You have no shame
Where does he get these nominees? Is there a list of misfits & miscreants?Or is it that NO ONE IN HIS RIGHT MIND wants to work for a mad man
He doesn't want to be part of the GOPSHOW!
Thanks I thought he withdrew for patriotic reasons, glad he is gone.
Thank u Senator Shumer for standing up for LGBT rights , Muslim Americans
Now if only you and your leftists friends who daily disparage half the citizens of this country, would do the same. But you lack the class.
Chuckie, why don't you resign for all those you disparaged & vilified?
And what about the democrats that's stole the middle class money
Where's the other Mark Greene, from Brooklyn?
What would really be good for all Americans, is for Chucky Schumer to retire of just go away
When are u going to say something that benefits normal american citizens.All u do is worry about everyone else.What the hell.
Why is it good news Senator...?
@TheDemocrats especially you are mean spirited & malicious!
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!
Typical Repub blaming the 'radical left' misrepresenting him. Quoting someone verbatim is misrepresenting in their world now. GOP propaganda
Your confused CHUCKLES, Americans need you to withdraw yourself from our country!!
I'm not up to speed with this story. I will quote pres.Trump from face the nation your out there making a buffoon of your self again
Look it up can you SAY CLOWN
Like you do every day? Maybe you should resign.
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship
All of which is crucial when trying to kill your enemies.
You disparage daily! You and your liberal friends need to retire and quit obstructing at every turn.
Go to sleep Chucky no need to say anything because you continue to fib. Your daddy would spank your butt he would be totally embarrassed
Your anti-Christian bigotry is despicable.
Keep swinging, Mr. Schumer. You guys are getting some real wins lately. love - a native NYer
Neat. Go practice falling off a cliff.
Until such time as u put on a uniform, shut up about that which u have no knowledge or experience.
Kinda like the basket of deplorables you and your party vilified ? Save your breath Schumer, you're a hypocrite
Yeah!!!
Job well done #Resistance .. on to storm the castle!
Thank you @SenSchumer. We can allow #homophobie types to have any role in our society!
@SenSchumer and @NancyPelosi are pushing for a communist country. The evil from within. @FoxNews @seanhannity @JudgeJeanine @TuckerCarlson
And POTUS and his nut job administration are pushing for a dictatorship.
So when are you resigning? You have disparaged and vilified all of America your entire career!

says one of the key people destroying the Democratic National Party
you & the two racists Ellison & Perez
the moderate Dems gone for good
Ppl wonder why the country is so divided? Classless statements like these from our elected officials are a key factor. Chuck is a sleazebag
And the republicans are even bigger sleazebags, so there you go.
Classy Senator. Right up there with your public restaurant meltdown. #getagrip
Terrific ! Wonder if he was scarred of the LGBT troops marching on Washington if he was confirmed?  Man he would make one ugly drag queen!
Better than the Dems vet their candidates
#FuckYouChuck
@TuckerCarlson Chuck I suggest That You Calm Down Take A deep BreathAnd Hold It For 20 MinutesYou Have So few Followers OfYour Crap Tweets
Who cares what you think
Stop discriminating against people based upon their beliefs.
Schumer the c*ck holster! Crying like a little girl

Looks like the nominee has better sense than @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander who supported him
What trump meant by "extreme vetting" is the non-vetting of extremists!
He always says the opposite of what is Really Happening.
This is why we get the narcissist idiots we have in government- no one with any common sense wants to put up with this BS
This is good news because we all know how well Trump's team vets their nominees!
Join him Chuck!
B/C the feelings of a few in the LBGTQ community is WAY more important then a well-run Army or military. Maybe we should nominate Lance Bass
USA army should b 100% about defending its citizens from anti American acts/attacks not gays and their rights
SHUT UP
Thank you Senator for holding firm against this nominee.
huh?
Right freakin' on...these vile ppl will be gone one by one!!!!
Okay, Vera sucks and good riddance to Mark Green. Thank you Mr. Schumer.
Thank him for what? Being an evil prick Marxist obstructionist?
For being your real father.
So you're calling me a son-of-a-pieceofshit? Well in your context I will agree
Boy you're a propaganda machine
You announcing your resignation soon? Bad for the USA Thanks for nothing NewYork voter
Where do these people come from?
#SchumckySchumer UR calling the pot black again. UR a 3rd degree black belt in disparagment and vilifing people. Case & point @POTUS
Good riddance Mark Green! 
Finally, some good news to end the week!
#Resist @realDonaldTrump 
@DrMarkGreen4TN @PressSec @SHSanders45 @GOP
You are such a crooked old man!
Thank you Senator Schumer!

REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS.
ITS TIME FOR THE PEOPLE TO TAKE OVER CONGRESS AND THROW ALL BUT A FEW OUT ON THEIR POLITICAL ASSES
Time to go chucky you and Amy can talk about failing careers. #TermLimits
Schumer.. Maybe you should withdraw from your position so we never have to listen or see you crying fake tears  again
wow I guess you think this truly awful man should have led the army?
I dnt say he should or shouldn't I just thk Schumer should STHU.He isnt so great either.PS..Im all for  Mitary n who n what is Best For Them
Best news in a while - thank you @SenSchumer!
tell them about planned parenthood and.margaret sanger.go ahead you puke
