Oh chuckie, it's your boy Al trying to prove a point once again.
Stop with the tired and false narrative.  It hasn’t worked for the past 5-7 years.  What makes you think that will change?
Really Chuckie bigger than North Korea or terrorism? You are delusional!!!
And I thought it was becoming the senatedems obstructing reforms in gov't...
Your arrogance shines through again. Tell me exactly what the optimal temp and climate of planet is. It's been changing for 4 billion years.
@SenSchumer is the BIGGEST threat facing America. Vote this obstructionist out. Bring us someone who will work with @POTUS
Yes!  It is racist, millions are impacted, and babies will die, die, die.  Right?  Dont forget to say that again.  Universal response.
The biggest threat facing us is you Marxists using climate change as an excuse. Nobody's buying your BS anymore Schumer!

If you think climate change is one of the biggest problems facing our world you are from another planet.
Huge..that's why China has taken a bold move to peak emissions by 2030, but at least In 13 yrs they will generate more than they are now.
#ClimateChange is the 2nd biggest hoax next to @BarackObama... the biggest fraud n American history! His entire life is a lie #Justice #DOJ
The climate changes about every 3-4 months...it's called SEASONS Chucky!  What a Bunch of BS! #ClimateChange narrative fabricated only to line their pockets.
#SeasonChange yep!!
Actually the Democratic Party and the Resistance funded by Soros and the Clintons is
Leave the climate change for now. Act in the Senate about the drug prices. Allow the drugs' import from Canada & Europe. Be proactive!
you are one of our biggest threats, you are like a trained monkey who was told to dig in and do nothing, retire old man retire

There have been 5 ice ages in the Earth’s 4 billion year history . What warmed and cooled the Earth then when man was not around ?
Give it up Chuck no one believes that crock! Get to work and fix health care!
Sorry Chuck but many believe you and your liberal democrat cronies are far more dangerous to the world then the weather ever will be.
The climate has ALWAYS been changing. It is ridiculous and anti-nature to try to stop that natural change. And impossible.
No you are
Bahahahaha Democrats are so rediculous
Every poll of #Americans that I have seen does not rank #ClimateChange as one of the biggest threats facing our world. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
No Chuck it isn't. Man caused climate change is bullshit brought to you by frauds hooked on govt grant $ & liar politicians with an agenda.
No! You & Pelosi tying POTUS hands to eliminate threats from N Korea and Iran et al!
North Korea nor Iran are major threats but speed bumps. Putim’s Russia is our only true enemy and threat.
You are a lefty, “bump in the road “. BHO said when we lost 4 people in Benghazi. Hillary ‘at this point what difference does it make?’
You still haven’t grown up. Everyone was and still is aware of the instability of Libya. Not a national threat
Add the President and VP TO THAT LIST.
...and yet you want Iraq and North Korea to have nuclear weapons????
Liberals are biggest threat.
Hi
Chuck your a imbecile buffoon
Hollyweird is
Umm, not really. The  really isn’t impacted by Climate Change. You might want to check the message you’re trying to convey.
no trump is then pruitt
All talk. Prove your claim Schumer.
I would say liberalism is the biggest threat to mankind.
It leads to death
The others r democrats, celebrities, Kimmel, n NBC
he don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
No the biggest threat in you and the Democratic Party, and the liberal left. Once again you have missed the boat.
trying to play God again you ?  The climate is ALWAYS changing. You should walk to work. Lead by example Dont talk SHIT
I disagree. It is the moral decay of our values and family structure. I might add without economic power a country has no power. 20 TRI debt
Donald Trump is one of the biggest threats facing our nation


NO SENATORS LIKE YOU ARE THE BIGGEST THREAT FACING OUR NATION.  PEOPLE OF NEW YORK VOTE HIM OUT BEFORE HE DESTROYS YOUR HARD WORKING FAMILY
hey chuckle your an iDIOT
Please make up ur mind on our biggest threat, u out of touch human.
Lol.... what? DNC needs money, eh?
Nope.
I say we worry about more important issues like Isis north Korea etc not this stuff looks like you have your priorities straight typical
Look at the history of the world warm up then ice age lots of stuff has happened to that effect
People such as yourself Chuck are the biggest threat facing our earth
No democratic’s are
You're such a tool Chuckster. Have you a degree in climatology? Have you EVER even held a private sector job of ANY kind? Quiet down fool.
You can't stop climate change. The earth warms and cools on its own, democrats are not scientist. Its happened several times. #climate #maga
Sure... tell people the sky is falling long enough and some people may start to believe it...
Chuck, you are hanging by your finger tips... so long!!!
Four major disasters in the United States and its territories, including the fire in California. climate change, are you Clueless
Stop with this phony issue, Schmucky!
CHUCK, & your solution is to let BLACKS kill each other in CHICAGO, more ABORTION, ILLEGAL CRIMINAL immigrants etc.
The biggest threath??? Doesn't something have to be real to be a threat?
No...progressive communist assholes are. Please stop them
Bullshit chuckie  liars till the end americans waking up
Tell this to your fellow Liberals. No one else believes it is to the extent that you people do. Another method for Govt to control!
No, Dems are. Let me rephrase that. The Dems in congress are. Not your everyday citizen that wants congress to get off their butts and work.
No it’s not.
Hell will be your climate change nightmare
Will the temperatures rise if Iran or NK start firing nukes?  Better focus all of our time and energy on climate change.
The media is a far greater threat to our democracy than global warming cooling . Wake up Chuck u.

When will you democrats stop lying. We the people know you are full of S%#T. so glad TRUMP is in office now. Step aside its time to MAGA!!
You need to be drug tested!!!!
I'm sorry that is NOT one of our biggest threats! ISIS -NORTH KOREA -IMMIGRATION-OPIOD ADDICTION-TERRORISM-  infuriating 
The biggest threat is the people who buy this BS..  Same old tap dance 
Why so I can be lied to by you again? No thanks, I don't' hang with dinosaurs that are going to lose at the next election.
Career Politicians is the Biggest Threat that’s facing Our World TERM LIMITS!
climate change all the time.
The biggest threat facing our country is #Trump!
Look at the history of the world ice ages etc just evolution
Really ?????
Genocide? You're pathetic.
Arrigance

Climate Change & the “solutions” are a giant lie to grab power. @TheDemocrats aka liberalism is the greatest threat to America
wrong
Please help Puerto Rico.
Gullible schumer is by far a bigger threat than just about anything
Scientist who founded weather channel - declared that’s a lie no such thing as man made global warming
second only to Democrats who want to destroy America from within.
I would think Trump's pick would make you happy to have CEO of AccuWeather run the depart or are you lying again
our biggest threat our the democrats and the lies they tell.Climate change has been going on since the very http://beginning.Weather  changes
Just think not one thing Al Gore & Democrats said would happen has not come true, all lies. But they got rich off of the lies
Oh now Schumer can stop hurricanes and control mother nature? Like to see that, like Ice Age was caused by man and his cars
Right next to you Chuck!
Yo Chuck back to climate change what no. Racists,Misogynists or xenophobes posing a DANGER to the planet around today
NO ! WING NUTS LIKE YOU POSE A DANGER TO OUR WORLD TRY GROWING A BRAIN
New liberal talking point today climate change.
Send your climate change Donation to Al Gore
Well you got a really big polluter in California right now. Need legislation on fire starting equipment. New laws on arson etc.
Put the gun thing on the back burner. Fires need immediate attention.
Dems are the biggest threat to our country.  The TRUTH About Global Warming
Windfarming and concentration of solar energy in solar farms is causing global warming and climate change
 Around here we just call it changing of the seasons. Typical knee jerk reaction to a non existent problem
Are you still taking that medical marijuana prescription?
@realDonaldTrump is the iggest threat facing . Time to #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow #bringbackdecency
Fake news, get a new line. This one was played before and proven false.
Focus on one thing, tax reform! Get it done!

Weee -"I'm irrelevant", Let's "#Protest" Everything WHILE Doing Exactly Nothing. #TakeAKnee GET UP & GET Involved Visit #Chiraq. LAME
It's congress that's the threat with corruption, lies and absolutely no morals at all.
And let's not forget treason
BS
Stop it with the myths chuck. Most Americans reject your myth.

Chuck sure did rake in the bucks from pervert #HarveyWeinstein
Still at it with your globalist agenda? We the people voted NO to wealth redistribution plans
So friggin dumb it’s painful.
Why nobody talking about this???
Everyone is highly supportive.
No sir I beg to disagree; it is you/yours leftist-Marxist totalitarian, race-baiting, pot-stirring, anti-American everything agenda. 
Your one French fry short of a happy meal, Crying Chuck, time to retire old man
They why did Al Gore buy a multi million $ ocean front home. It's all a joke
Good grief!You guys R full of it  but you're consistent.We can always count on U going back 2 ground zero,climate change when you're losing!
Really?!?! NKorea, Russia, China, ISIS, IRAN and THIS is one of the biggest threats?  #dummy

How about fixing the Democratic Party before you start saving the world there Chucky!
Just a few million years ago  the artic circle was a tropical rain forest! Does climate change not really it just goes through cycles!
No, the biggest threat is a POLITICIAN
Climate change is hoax just a few million years ago Texas Arizona new Mexico & California were nothing but a shallow sea!
I remember in primaries Bernie was laughed at for suggesting this.
All of you climate hoaxers need to be tried for your lies and crimes.
Get a life Chuckie
Lol
What are your credentials to speak about environmental
Yeah.....and Democrats
Check out BNP Paribas - corporate action against climate impacts - pulls out of fracking, tarsands and oil/gas in the Arctic.
Dems have created so much damage in America since LBJ and Saul Alinsky that is is sinful. Progressive Dems should be jailed for treason.
Our biggest threat is anti christ dictator treason trump n u are doing nothing about it
Your ignorance is baffling
@DNC Schumer talked strong against #DACA & illegal aliens in 2009
#EndDACA stop #defendDACA
#MAGA #FridayFeeling #BuildTheWall Trump or lose
Just think, if you and @NancyPelosi would just be quiet for a day, the earth's temp would drop three degrees. Please represent NY, not OH
Best tweet of the day!!!
You and your party are bigger threats chuckles.  You take the cake!
Nope this is  and Schumer DeBlasio escorting it in on a royal red carpet beneath which Lies American soul spirit religion & freedom u
I thought it was lack of term limits.  dopes like you are ruining this country
we definitely need term limits.. politics shouldn’t be a career it should be the result of having a successful career.. Washington is swamped with people like you that have been out of touch with what it’s like to be an unprivileged citizen for so long
This needs to be tetweeted 100 times over!!!!!
Please do
BS More crap 4 u 2 complain about Will u ever stop finding things 2 b negative about Stop it Damn it Ur negative shit doesn’t help the US

that is one of the biggest threats facing our country.  the # 1 threat to our country is the president and those that enable him. PERIOD
Wrong... we are the #1 threat to ending your miserable way of life... damn us for being successful.. jealousy is a sickness... get well soon
LOL. You sound like your girlfriend @BarackObama , who didn't have the spine to stand up for anything. Climate change is the biggest threat?
The most environmentally relevant threat to this planet is the production of plastics which once again increased during the guess who the obama administration.. u are a bunch fools and liars and the only people that believe your nonsense are ignorant.. flying jets and ur worried?
Would be nice if someone went after Pruitt to destroy his career, finances and life. No peace for monsters.
Go jump in a nearby river.
No it’s not.. what exactly is scientific degree in the chuck? Bs in ignorance.. the most imminent threat would be the NOKO nuclear arsenal that u and your colleges let them develop for military use during @BarackObama presidency, just another way u dems have failed this country
Congress and deep state is our biggest threat. TERM LIMITS is a great start!
No...its not
tell that to @NYGovCuomo who allowed POISON CHEMICAL ON THE new TAPPAN BRIDGE IN THE HUDSON RIVER
The BIGGEST threat to America is the failing agenda Dems enjoyed under Obama. Liberals have become a perverted party destroying America.

Brought to you by @GreenPartyUS. Elections have consequences.
Just send all of our tax dollars overseas so we can be done with this nonsense. That's really all you want from it right, Global Socialism?
your so wrong and the America people knows this but you keep pushing a LIE
Says the guy who doesn't know the difference between your and you are.
Pfft. The ocean's aren't rising. They just want to see what the middle of the country looks like.
You need to do something about Trump and Pruitt. We're screwed.
Climate change is real. Global warming is real. Science is real. But, that's okay, we will save the world with or without you.
Trump is the biggest threat facing our world.
Really the biggest thing we face is getting rid of Obamacare and you voted out
Donald J. Trump is the biggest threat facing our world. Please #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thats odd because I thought it was the axis of evil that was the biggest threat but, maybe it just depends on whose side your on.
Hey Schnoz: If you want to save the climate: Stop Breathing!
Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie you're nothing but a cuckold afterthought
