When we cut taxes, we launch a new era of soaring incomes & a thriving middle class. My op-ed in @TheBuffaloNews: http://45.wh.gov/GXqXK1  
That’s fiction anyway. The soaring economy in our lifetime was during Bill Clinton’s presidency, wasn’t it?
Because he was convinced by Speaker Gingrich to implement tax cuts and Republican policies that caused economy to grow. Like Trump plan now!
No, not like Trump plan now. But notability a mixture of bi-partisan and GOP ideas did lead to improved economy.
You say not like Trump plan becuz your partisan opposition to Trump  keeps you from crediting Trump & GOP for any good legislation. How sad!
My opposition to trump is not “partisan”, it’s because he is an ignorant & unqualified, determined to destroy America. He shows no evidence
Of having read the Constitution, perhaps because he can’t read, but certainly because he doesn’t care since it doesn’t apply to him. Is and
If and when he offers a plan, a real one, I’ll consider it. Do you approve of killing the EPA, selling Natl parks, reducing safety regs? Sad
The EPA is a reckless agency out of control who made several rulings that cost citizens billions & fix nothing. They are a dept gone wild.
Clearly Pence and the dimwits in the Trump administration didn't take Economics in high school
They didn't pass civics either
Trump has never had to budget. These natural disasters were not planned. Tax cuts for elites is a bunch of shit.
I guess a billionaire who builds for a living who comes in under budget under time has no clue about $! Capitalism...not welfare – at Lounging At The Pool
How many times has Trump declared bankruptcy and how many lawsuits for unpaid fees are pending or have been settled?
5 bankruptcies
Probably more including shell companies.
If he had shell  Corps it would have been found! By the Russians or some other unicorn
When you cut Taxes on businesses and Wealthy you get bankruptcy- look at Kansas! Look at past trickle down economy!
It seems ideas aren't flowing from dems it's more obstruction ideas Chuck
And your idea is . . . ?
By more and vote my ideas
Could you please try and construct a sentence that makes sense? Are you a graduate of the Trump school of poor syntax?
spend dont save your money and vote like barack says
Bot that can’t construct a legible sentence.
Pence is just as out of touch as his dotard boss @realDonaldTrump
Tax cuts for the wealthy, trickle down. You tell ‘em, Chuck!!
That tax cut is benefits for the extremely rich and corporate. How can cutting everyone’s taxes work. The government will be bankrupt
Lies again taxes get cut all across and more write offs.  I will vote for anyone but you for the continues lying. It's like you think us dum
Lies the only taxes getting cut are the 1% that doesn’t help the rest of us.  Stop lying we are watching you.
To hear democrats pretending they care about the deficit after 8 years of silence under Obama is laughable! 
They so think American are just stupid it is totally insulting
They will make America great again .. and you are like the pot that calls the kettle black .. let’s see your real face
@VP Don’t you dare compare this orange assclown to the likes of JFK and Reagan.
This really shows the ignorance and mean- spirit of Pence. He is also a liar!!!
You are the pot calling the kettle black .. let’s see your real face
Cutting taxes for the big guys  does not help the rest of us . They don't share. We do not gain anything, we end up working for less.
They’ve cut wages and healthcare. How the fuck are we supposed to live a decent lifestyle?  It’s gotta stop. Strikes and Unions. Must fight
Steve Bannon whose liver is screaming "No More! I can't take it!" aka Jabba the Hutts brother.
Where the hell was he hiding his head Reaganomics failed.
@SENSCHUMER SO FIX IT!
LIE
Come visit Indianapolis and see how much Pence knows about "thriving."
The tax cuts lead to economic growth myth has been played out. It is FALSE A LIE
muted reported have a nice day
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @WhiteHouse @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Fake Chuck & Co thrive on rich people's money..Hillary/DNC burned 1.5B!
Do you ever tell the truth? I am convinced that you are doing everything you can to destroy @POTUS. Noone believes you or the lib press.
No one is buying your crap Chuck! Dems want to Tax everyone into oblivion to control everyone. Let me spend my own money. You suck at it!
Just curious, do u even have the ability 2 tell the truth? I mean, I no ur political comments have 2 go through the liberal bs filter first.
Thank you Senator! Grew up in #Indiana but #VPPence doesn't represent the values I was taught as a child, kids are proud to be #NewYorkers

Chuck Schumer at his finest, Lie & Run Politics!
Is Alex OR George helping you
I always write his name in small letters because he is a small minded. Lier and fake we see the real truth and he lies in our face
trump thinks the poor and middle-class are dumb but he will find out different come 2020 when we vote his lieing ass out of office
As always trump is telling a lie to the american people his tax cut is for the rich will be paid for by the middle-class and the poor

Borrowing a statement "U would rather see the poor get poorer,  just so the rich are a little less RICH!  We R struggling! Need this reform
Schumer lying democrat
I’m barely making it and Trump wants what little I have for his rich friends!
Your math is totally flawed and a lie. Details of tax plan have not been released & you are ranting about something you don't know as fact!
@VP @TheBuffaloNews why to Dems like S Brown want tax increases on Ohio voters?
Schumer is out of touch with the middle class. And he fails the math test.
Schemer fake news
I believe $24 k is the proposed std deduction...way more than $10-12k.
Dear Chuck. Under the Dems taxes have gone higher cost of living higher and wages declining. Stop lying
Senator, we all know your sycophants will blindly believe this crap but please put America ahead of party and stop lying to us.
YOUR MATH is FAKE!! The highest 1% PAY 70% of ALL taxes! HOW can they NOT receive ANY tax benefit when THEY pay that percentage? AS WILL YOU
Bull check race in NC. People will get $1300/yr. this comes to$25/wk.  before taxes, again.  BFD - politicians.
Like ‘17 SS increase, those that get -$1000, get $12/mo. Your generosity is overwhelming with our money.
This new tax code will pad the pockets of the rich. Trump cares not about the middle class and has never told the truth. Wake up people
You all need to cut spending. That is the only way this works. Our government is completely fiscally irresponsible. All of u r the problem.
VP Mike: You drank the cool-aid! No one believes a word you say or tweet.
@claudettedubhoi Gee whiz. Ronald Reagan didn't prove it. After 1981 tax cut, the deficit led him to raise taxes 11 times.
It’s called obstruction Chuckie and that is what America is not buying Your days in Office are numbered
And you're the main Queen. Get a spine and help America. Stop politics and obstructionism. Get out of the dark and come to the light side.
And what do you think the family medical leave tax act is? A NYS imposed tax.
We're Not buying YOUR BRAND OF MATH! #HATEMONGER
Schumer,  you're such a LOSER!  Maybe you should stop using common core math!
Chucky you’re a #liar #MAGA - #RESIGN and get outta the way #TrumpTrain
False That dog don't hunt with the real American citizens any more chuckie the next card will be the tax cuts r racist
Stop with the hate and work together!!!
Make it stop, Chuck!!!
The only time there was soaring incomes was when Clinton president.majority of us know that Rs in WH bring incomes down.
It wasn't because of Clinton or Rep Congress it was because of Y2k hysteria the intro of the internet and cell phones became convenient
No way. Wealth grab. On backs of the poor, middle class, seniors and disabled. Go pound sand trump administration
really? because a large portion of your "Middle-class" don't pay taxes right?
Soaring? Hahaaaaaaa! Cost of living continues to increase while minimum wage does not. #Math
yep  Kill Insurance coverage, Tax what is left of the middle class and Piss on all the Rest.  Won't raise min wage, No Alt Energy jobs

Pence is the most artful (and dangerous) of the liars in the WH!
Because he has God on his side!
As usual the Republicans lie like trump
I keep calculating for my small biz. Pls show me how my taxes go down so I can pay people more. I pay 56% now. Your plan has me at 58%.
Called screw You working ppl
Like Kansas & Gov Brownback right?
Keep supporting the rich by complaining about elimination of tax deductions. Who takes the highest deductions except the rich?
Promise to God?
@VP, this has been implemented in the past and has failed. Please study history. Supply-side doesn't grow economies.  Demand drives growth.
That’s a lie Chuck and you know it what thing you have set in stone is Democrats are a compulsive liar’s in the last eight years proved it
How long do U think it will B B-4  middle-class is just 2 words 4 poor? Remember, GOP's have shown an aversion 2 poor ppl & their problems.
I was there during the Reagan years and it worked fantastic chuckles and you know it. Don't believe in his voodoo math anyone
Lie lie lie lie lie lie lie lie
Putting all the nice things into one sentence doesn’t mean it all works, Mikey.
Schumer you have been preaching the “helping wealthiest Americans on the backs of middle-class” for too long
History does not stand with this evaluation of Reagan nor of Kennedy. They are both rolling in their graves.
No fundamentally untrue
More lies from Lyin Chucky....Reduction in Corp tax rate is a must...will inject trillions into economy & create thousands of jobs.
new math chuck... BS
We know his kind Chuck! He can GTF out of the 716
The upper middle class, to be precise.
First step.  Get rid of the politicians that do actually nothing... reduce government waste
This is a joke-we r not stupid @VP come up w/ a bipartisan tax plan that is fair to all not just better for wealthy folks. Get real!
Just ask the people of #Indiana, who are writing big personal checks just to buy their kids public school books, what they think of @VP
Cuts for Americans... the working men and women of the country... you would obstruct a cure for cancer...
So what's their response? We'll give in some 'leg room' for the The ACA! While we stick it You on the Back End. That's their deal...Look it!
I’m from the Queen City and I’m buying!
This plan hurts all of us, other than the 1%. I barely make enough to make ends meet, and my tax rate increases by 10%. Really. @VP @POTUS
Lowering taxes work. I seen it first hand in the 80s. You will be amazed, trust me
#ChuckietheClownSchumer it is time for you to stop lying to the American people about the Tax Cuts! Do your job and help cut taxes!
Uranium deal Chuckie! How are you going to handle this one????
Dear WH and con central - bullshit. Your tax cut for the wealthy will balloon the deficit and take funds from vital programs.
There will be deficits in the beginning, as it was in the 80s, until the revenues kick in from the expanding Econ. You'll be amazed
Tell them like it IS Chuck!! We're not all Trumpiteers....I KNEW there'd be math!!
#payingattention
#betterdothemath
Another liar.
That is not so - and you know it. If only you folks would work together for the sake of the people..we could have a great country.
You are spinning.....it's mathematically correct that the people who pay most taxes will receive more breaks than those who pay the least!!!
Soaring income ?  How. How is cutting taxes for the wealthy going to help ? Do the math
Why don’t you go to work and stop complaining. Pass some bills- work on Iran issue. Do something positive for a change!!
Well Chuck, thanks 4 bein on the leftside of tax cuts. After all, they would benefit U 2.The rest of us can't keep paying rich 2 stay rich.
#FAKETAXCUTS4MIDDLECLASS #REALTAXCUTS4RICH
Ur whole time in office is about fake math, dumocRATs have done NOTHING for middle class.  Go kiss your lobbyists! Oh and George Soros too
Sen. Schumer, you keep on telling us what's what.!!!!!!
Well, some incomes will soar.
Well you haven't done shit for the middle class.I'm willing to give it a try.All you do is take my money and give shit away.I 4 1 had enough
All you dems going to jail soon and you still talk junk dems are fixing to be gone
45your nose is growing
you tryna sound presidential n shit?
You just want them to buy your old brand of dimocrat fake math.
This is in the land where Trump is a Christian.  #nowhere.
Not true...
They think we are all idiots, we aren’t. They’ll find out.
Chuck can you explain why the federal government is collecting the largest sum of taxes from the smallest work force since the depression?
@VP @TheBuffaloNews Exactly! Reagan raised them what, like 18 times??+Pence would send gays to jail and women to veils & slavery

don't complain about it DO SOMETHING TO MAKE IT BETTER ALL THE DEMS WANT To DO IS MAKE THE  President fail 4 yrs& AMER, PPL suffer from it
I bet @jwoodchips  agrees
Also it is my hope that this will increase home values and build equity which the lower middle class needs
Just parroting his 'bossman' in making policy based on lies just to soothe their own egos.
This situation has been out of control for awhile! End this now. NYERS pay enough! We always pay!
Why do you feed this narrative to your Democrats? The economy needs the corporate tax cut to increase business for  Global competitions
FU pence
Sounds like Pence is spot on to me. You and Pelosi ought to go bowling.
More GOP lies. They have pushed since Reagan. Doesn't work. How many economic disasters will they force on US? Shows how corrupt they are.
You must ght want to remind people which state your from Chuckie. Not that we are proud of you. Next election you’ll see
U could add 2+2 u fool.
- You lie
Voodoo economics didn't work as promised during Reagan's reign, won't work now.
Dude....please go home and come up with a different argument.  According to you, if Trump farts, its a tax break for the rich.
Says the guy who supports “work for less”!anti-union legislation. #LyingVP
I vote in NY.  You have no credibility you disagree with everything.  Check the market lately?
If the GOP wants to cut taxes then they need to give up on their wars.  They can't just keep adding to the deficit.
How about telling the truth for just once
Aren’t corporations considered people?  Why should these ‘people’ pay at a lower rate then other real people?  Fix that, then we talk.


Chuckie's a liar!!!  That's all...
You bought Obama’s health care
Is chuck playing stupid or is he really stupid.math makes  % sense. Maybe he is just stupid
Bullshit
#tRUMP #traitortRUMP FAKe45 FAUX Mathmatica REAL Racist Shiite #resist Stoopid
Lies lies and more damn lies
Party politics at play. Can't say this there is nothing solid yet. CHUCKY just lying on this one #worktogether
Tell 'em we're still waiting for the '86 tax cuts to deliver a new age of prosperity.
Go home Chuck!!!
Your math is screwy Chuck. Always the same rhetoric from the loony liberal left. Lies, deception and broken promises are yoyr hallmark!
You ,mean like Common Core?
Thanks for being honest. We know @SpeakerRyan is a liar.
Yawn!
Schumer keeps peddling the stupid. 70% of the federal tax burden is paid by the top 2.7%.
What's up CHUCK,now be honest I know it a oxymoron for a politician but Try ,did you even read it??
That Queen needs a bath
He needs to just go away. And take Collins w/ him
Schumer, you and ALL libs seek to completely control people by getting everyone on Gov. ran programs. You really think everyone is stupid
Simple question? Do you ever post anything positive on T ? You and the rest of the democrats are a bunch of whiners. Do you get bonus points
The Queen City is a dumping ground of freebies for the worthless. The ones who need it should get it! No more fed bailouts for you Chuck! 
When you don't understand the math you can't reach the right answers. All hype no substance. Tax cuts for Trump Inc.
#voodoo economics returns yet again.
The Queen City also doesn’t like your math of constantly increasing our taxes. You and Cuomo have to go.
We're not buying any of the lies you tell Chuck!

Has NEVER proven true in the past.
U r not truthful like u were not truthful when u passed Obamacare and taxed the middleclass! Where is that big savings we were promised?
You are absolutely wrong mr Schumer. The American people know the truth. You pitch propaganda and untruths. Quit it!

How do u sleep at night?
If that's true (doubtful) you should be working with the GOP to make it better rather than just flapping your lips Chuckie
@VP Have you taken a look at how this tax plan worked in Kansas? It didn't work & they are undoing it now. Didn't work under Reagan, either.
@VP is a disgraceful butt kisser
Do these guys ever tell the truth?
Between the recent Kansas tax increase and this one, I'll be paying 7% more in taxes.  Meanwhile, I haven't had a raise in over 3 years.
@SenSchumer stop using the same talking point from the 90's! Sit back & enjoy the ride as @POTUS @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan get this done #MAGA
Go bye shummer.  Term limits
hell is coming...,.
My bad, Pence is the LIAR
Liar
Pence. The real Putin Puppet. Out of touch w/Human people. Why don't you protest yourself out of office. Weird Russian Spy belongs in Bond
Funny Senator Schumer you always leave out the low income earners
Crying Chuck
