I am supportive of Lamar as a person & also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
He won't
He never will
He is INCOMPETENT and #Unfit
#RemoveTrump

fake news as you guys like to say. Never happened. Google it. Memes don’t make it true. That’s how you guys fell for Russians misinfo
Are U seriously this fucking stupid?

https://youtu.be/hV-05TLiiLU 

Dems forced it thru in the middle of the night while u were blowing your BF.
that’s hilarious. Sorry but i actually have this thing called memory recall. It wasn’t easy for them to pass ACA. They fought over subsidie
They used reconciliation you dolt. With zero republicans supporting it. And it’s a giant failure. Obama’s legacy along w record debt.
States also had the ability to opt into Medicaid expansion so that put some choice back into GOP hands. Which is more than what they did
You call expansion of Medicaid a good choice? lol. Government has to place in healthcare.
Senator Schumer, please. Not knowing has never, ever stopped Trump from tweeting (or speaking). About anything. Why start now?
should know that...OCare includes a safety net for Ins Co? How or why did you & the other Senators pass OCare with that? WTH! #Crooks 1/
I will tell you why O’care passed, in it comes the gold package on tax payers dime for senators, that is why they are fighting hard 2 keep
Sure. Most of the wealthy senators just passed a bill altering the entire US ins market so they can get an awesome plan? That’s a wild one
I believe she meant the side incentives corrupt politicians accept. It would be interesting to see comparison of net worth b4 office & now
Well you can see all that info as most politicians release their tax returns annually
We already know that he’s a moron Chuck!
The president ought not to be president.

I think it’s safe to say legislation is about a million times more complex. You know it was just a bill about the healthcare of entire US
To paraphrase a congresswoman " ...just sign it and read it later."
Prez is demented buffoon who should be removed by any means necsssry
He is a lost old man
Your hypocrisy is amazing
I remember your party asking the American people to pass Obama care to read what was in it.
Didn’t you democrats PASS a bill that you had no idea what was in it? Oh yeah, it was called the “affordable” care act.

Because you knew what was in the ACA WHEN YOU VOTED FOR IT????
Did you know what was in the ACA and how bad it was for the American people? Yet you still voted for it, while voting yourself out of it.
He ought to know a lot of things. He doesn't want to know. He doesn't care. He's just a demon in a flesh suit
Lawrence Tribe had a great description of trump’s knowledge gap. An island in the middle of a vast ocean. I thought of Diego Garcia. 
The President ought to know what's in the Constitution before he tweets about it
So should the democrats. I love when they go on tv for their 15 mins of fame and show they have no idea on how our country works
says the creep (schumer) who voted for the bill before he read what was in it.  (obamacare)
All you Simms think Obama was so great.  Most lawless admin ever.  Uranium one, IRS and so much more.
This coming from a career political hach who does nothing but line his pockets with our money
Chuckie you passed Obamacare without reading it. Then again then you let president obama change it illegally has he went along.
That's a blanket statement could be applied to anything sais or tweeted by @realDonaldTrump. He's #UnfitToBePresident.
Like you and the rest of your cronies did when you passed barry care? Come on chuckie
You should know what is in a health care bill before you vote for it.  I E aca.
Why should this time be different from any other bill he hasn’t read.
@borrellisusan1 @realDonaldTrump Trump knows nothing about anything. Just his obsession with Obama and to destroy Obama's legacy
Ummmm...I think you have that backwards.
That would require reading it and discussing it with thoughtful analysts. As he's demonstrated, these are not actions that he does.
You forget the Democrats never read the Obamacare bill before they passed it. Look at the mess they’ve got us into.
Hundreds of hours of debate, dozens of GOP amendments, but you say the Dems never read it before passing it? Cite your source please?
@realDonaldTrump no you should see what is in the bill before you concock your lies
Dirt bag keep up the good work. You are helping trump every time you speak.
He doesn’t read
Does that go for passing a bill too @SenSchumer? Like #Obamacare?
#Moron supporter? #ACA had 130 amendments and 79 roll call votes. Full Senate debated for 25 straight days.
No reason to argue with them. Once a russian bot spreads the meme on fb or Twitter there is no changing a trump supporters mind with fact
Do u mean like you low life’s read Obamacare before u voted. Double stand is your gutter standard!
Exactly, but why would he start now reading and knowing what he's tweeting about..
WHY // NANCY TOLD ALL DEMOCRATS THAT WE HAD TO PASS IT TO SEE WHAT'S IN IT.  MORE DOUBLE STANDARDS CHUCK
How soon you forget that your partner Nancy P saying Pass it then Read it. Looks like the Pot Calling the Kettle a Dark Color. PC for You 
Mr Schumer, you're setting the bar ridiculously high. Maybe he could start by knowing which is his arse and which is his elbow.
Wouldn’t that require the ability to read or the attention span to listen to someone explain it?
But he has to pass the bill to see what's in it! Remember pelosi?
HAHAHAHA
POTUS ignorant of ACA structure; it's constraints on "Medical Loss Ratio." The actuarial risk would remain same with or without subsidies.
Really? The way you were told to vote in o,care and read it after? Nancy pulled a fast one, huh?
Why nof liar? Tou connex e nough@banks into bailing YOU out of tour dfumb wrroes in judgement!!!
WHAT? From the party that said "you gotta pass it to know what's in it". #DEMS have no sense of SHAME.
He ought to know a lot of things. But he loves "the poorly educated," remember?
So when do impeachment proceedings begin?
you are so busy stalking @POTUS i'm curious wtf you do for NY and her CITIZENS.
Presidunce should know something! Tired of Ive been told Someone said its been*********HE NEEDS TO SMARTEN UP or SHUT UP
Continuous positive economy record breaking numbers proves our @POTUS knows exactly what's going on. Over 20T resulting debt of Democratic leadership clearly proves YOU Democrats, Neocons, Rhinos don't have a clue! Chuck why do you continue to make a fool of ur self???
Chuckie, you getting your material from @NancyPelosi  now?
LIAR  LIAR LIAR 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hV-05TLiiLU …
You VOTED for this not knowing what it was.
#hypocrite
Why would he do that? That’s not how he works. Then he says the media is Fake. It reports what he spews!
You need to stop complaining and do something ...he needs impeachment and every minute he’s still there ..it’s your fault...GET HIM OUT
Like u did on Obumercare??!!!!!
Don't tell @realDonaldTrump, but @POTUS44 will have a school named after him next year.  Trump will blow a gasket!
Just like your friend Nancy "You have to pass it to see what's in it" Pelosi. Chuckie, it's time for you to retire since your memory is gone
@SenSchumer (obvious pedophile) and the dems ought to have known what was in Ocare bill before they made it law.. either they didn’t know or blatantly lied to the entire country, both is probably true.. typical hypocrite statement from a deranged old sadist democrat, the usual
Take your own advice, Schmuckie! Oh wait, you just flat out lie anyway. never mind
He is illiterate and unable to read.  It is a very sad day for America.
That would require reading, governing, leadership
Just like Nancy said "we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it." I really don't know how you can live with yourself....except you lost your conscience a long time ago.
I’m curious what the Democratic Party is doing to uphold the Constitution & save America. What is 2018 election strategy to flip Congress?
Ignorance has never stopped him before, why start now?
Just ripping away anything associated with Pres. Obama. Get over it dude. You are hurting the American People with this hate and bull 
Even if he read it, he still wouldn’t understand what’s in it. The child is ignorant to facts and matters of importance. Please, speak out.
But he CAN'T read 
 
He has  ADD   
&  Dementa
You didn’t know what was in Obamacare before you voted on it, hypocrite.
He's tweeting that failing exchanges are generating record profits.  Did Trump take any math or finance courses at Harvard?
Huh ? Trump says need 2 repeal Obamacare bc ins co's failing but now he  says they make 2 much $. Meanwhile he takes HC away from millions
#TrumpDontCare health care law for #WeThePeople
Is it like favoring tax cuts but wanting taxes cut for those who don't pay taxes & opposing cuts to people who do?
You should know what's in a bill before you sign it Chuckes
Lol funny @SenSchumer wants @realDonaldTrump to know things that the democrats weren't ever smart enough to know
A good example of that is good ole @NancyPelosi 's line : We gotta pass it before you know what's in it . OBAMA CARE we are now stuck with
Please focus on a strategy that wins elections instead of just feeding the monster 
Trump seems either completely disinterested or dishonest when he talks about any Bill he supports.
Yes and as always he has no idea.
#TheResistance
How are we going to get rid of trump?  He is destroying America piece by piece.

He doesn't care about reading the bill, because it addresses the ACA, he's against it. You can't work w/this guy, he has no honor.
Does 45 read? Anything? Beyond one page executive summaries?
@realDonaldTrump only supports a bailout when it helps him not pay his bills, like when he declares bankruptcy after a bad deal.
DUMMY THE DEAL MAKER HAS ONLY MADE 1DEAL W GOP.HE HAS PROVEN HE IS CRAZY,IMMORAL,VINDICTIVE,N GOP WILL NOT DARE REMOVE HIM NOR DISAGREE WHIM
Senator stop letting down your fellow Jewish friends. U hated Iran deal now like it because brilliant trump will squash it and u r jealous.
Compared to the millions in subsidies and tax breaks the gas oil gun Co's get. What a joke.
Very clever - then Trump could never tweet again! Good thinking @SenSchumer
https://www.facebook.com/NewWorldOrderExposing/videos/1490302294370906/ …
Seems like he does. No tax dollars to bail out health insurance companies
That requires him to read you need pictures for him to understand
Have you read the @leannewattphd and @RWPUSA 25th Amendment article?
We believe it's time for an intervention. 

http://nbcnews.com/think/opinion/ …
That would require him to read something, so... pretty safe bet that'll never happen.
He ought to but he won't
Nancy was coaching him! LOL You didn't call her out when she said that about ACA. Why not? Did you read it? Maybe that's why you were silent
Really? Why should this be any different than the umpteen million other times the prez tweeted ignorantly?
.@realDonaldTrump .@POTUS member of Lying Liers Club banking Nation will grow weary&give up.Not a chance in HADES, Liddle Man .@nytopinion
Much like what @NancyPelosi should’ve done with the #ACA/#Obamacare, right?
and cryin chuck has personally read all health care bills?  Think not.
Flip/flop
Democrats don’t know till they pass it to see what’s in it per Nancy Pelosi concerning ACA!!! @SenSchumer @SenateMajLdr
Just like the Dems should have read Obamacare before voting on it!
We all know that he doesn't read anything longer than 1 page and it must have pictures.
Chuck.. How is it possible to work with this moron in Chief. He is the least knowledgeable person in all of DC. Even the reporters know more about the issues and bills than the @POTUS. #25thAmendmentNow
He talks and Tweets so much about nothing of importantance to distract u from what is important
Trump doesn't know what's in any bills, and he doesn't want to know.
Did he forget ocare rule that insurance cos can't have excessive profits?
Does he know what's in ANY bill?
Do you know?
He doesn’t read anything
If knowledge were an actual prerequisite, @realDonaldTrump would be eternally silent.
Trump is bailing out ins co at the Trump organization since he is subsidizing his employees ins by 60-70% Trump is a dichotomy. See  truth.
OMG
The President ought to generally know things before he Tweets about them, but at this point do any of us really expect him to develop curiosity or a sense of responsibility?
Chuck just enjoy the time you have. The people are gonna vote your ass out! If you dont think so look at the NFL. An people actually likedit
Why is that? You and Nancy have both come out vehemently opposed to every bill conservatives have offered well before seeing them.Forgetful?
He doesn't know how to read.  He doesn't understand politics.  He doesn't understand social economics.  He.  Has. No. Clue.
He doesn’t know how anything works! Chuck get him out of there? Is Pence worse? Can you tell us?
That takes intelligence. Not happening.
You aren’t surprised Chuck
Keep up the hypocrisy @SenSchumer SenS!
Pot, kettle, black . . . Didn't YOUR leader Nancy Pelosi say we had to pass the law to find out what's in it? What about reading it Nancy
He is not president he is a fucking DICTATOR U r not doing a fucking thing while sessions continues 2 lie under oath and jailing the media?
Can you confirm he can read?
@realDonaldTrump He can’t read for himself, unless it’s a ratings report that is complete fake.
True!
Maybe he couldn't read his business correspondence
Should, sure, but you're not really expecting any such surprise, are you? We should have been allowed to #VoteAGAINST electing him!
Don't be silly. He'd have to read it to know what's in it. Hahahahaha
Why start. Now?
Get some tissues bawl baby.
Trump can't help himself, lets not forget that he's mouth is no different than his ass. Diarrhea just comes pouring out of the man's mouth.
LOL kind of like ACA!! Your a phoney sir
You would think he would know, but can he read?  Maybe they have not made a shiny sign or graph yet to explain it to him.
What has change chuckie? Dems signed unaffordable health care law not knowing what in it!  You just proved you"re hypocrite
Whelp, you're saying he tweets with about the same background on policy and bills as you do.  How long you been doing this?  
You need to resign. You and Nancy are out of touch with the American people.
Trump thinks he is a failure b cause he can't kill Obama Care aka ACA
Lack of knowledge never stopped @potus @realdonaldtrump from having a deeply held conviction before.
It should be fairly easy to verify whether or not the insurance companies are being enriched by the reimbursements. I suspect not.
HAHAHA But, you have to sign the bill to see whats in it, don't you?
Didn’t he get bailed out in each of his six bankruptcy filings, paying his creditors pennies on the dollar? Hypocrisy at its best...
Dems are known for bailouts and paying off companies and unions that contribute heavily. It’s a reasonable guess.
Chuck @realDonaldTrump  doesn't even know what day it is  unless he checks with FOX NEWS first
He has no ricken clue..about anything
Like he knows how to read anything longer than 140 chars 
Ummm. Why would he start now?
Chuck, the man doesn't read anything! Not even his tweets before he sends them. #covfefe
This illegitimate president doesn't know that cornflakes are in his cereal bowl and you want him to know what's in a bill? *laughs*
Americans need to take a deep look at their Individual families Characters, an ask themselves, Is this what we define as Normal from POTUS
Not so sure he can read. 
Chuck WHY would you expect anything different thus taking me? Trump isn’t capable.
I’m not sure #45 knows how to read!
#25thAmendment Senator...what are we waiting for? He’s clearly inept, #MentallyUnfit AND a #Threat to #NationalSecurity
Maybe u should have read the bill before u passed that crap ObummerCare
No one had time to read it to him or help him with the big words.
Chuck...trump knows nothing about governing!  He's this country's disaster!
@senschumer Congress should read the bill before they pass it - Obamacare remember?
He’s too mentally challenged to understand, has no interest in knowing. Just  wants 2 sign his name on anything just 2 give credit 2 himself
He can't or doesn't want to read, He can not comprehend even if he did read the bill.
@POTUS that wld require tRump 2 read & comprehend the bill; tRump is too lazy 2 read it & 2 stupid 2 comprehend it.
@realDonaldTrump he doesn’t know a fourth of what he’s reading.
The president should know about a lot of things if he would take the time to read instead of tweeting.  So immature and non presidential.
He’ll never read it, and if he does he’ll never understand it, and if he does he’ll never do the right thing.
Can't read
Yoir an IDIOT
I do not know the fate of this bill, but  whether it passes in some form or fails, it will do so with POTUS having no idea what comprises it
So Pelosi should know what's in a bill before you pass it! You are so hypocritical!
@SenSchumer When does Trump ever say the truth about anything? #Never
Haha, like he has the brain power to even read. All he does is Tweet and listen to @seanhannity  
You ought to tell your fans the figures of the money the ins cos made from Obamacare
If it doesn’t fit on to one page of paper in 20pt. font he’s not going to read it.
@nj11forchange does it make him in favor of single payer? Call it Trumpcare and he'll support anything.
Good luck with that.  He's functionally illiterate. Can't comprehend what he reads which is why he needs visuals
Trump likes to get bailed out when he declares bankruptcy.  Americans want to afford healthcare using  subsidies.  Trump wants to kill us.
That would require an actual thought process & comprehension. An impossible expectation from this hateful dimwit @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump He can’t be bothered to actually read anything Chuck! He just responds to whatever was last whispered in his ear!
Says a guy that backed pelosi when she said pass a bill to see what’s in it
Like wise old Chuckie boy
That would require the ability to comprehend what you read, and actually reading
He will....he won't....he will....he won't....can you say 25th Amendment?
Are u for real Sen. U & UR fellow dems said we have pass this crap ACA before we know what's in it fix it LETS US BUY CATASTROPHIC INS
Like the Democrats montra...”you have to approve the bill to find out what’s in the bill”
Sounds familiar to u
Affairs of state must take precedent over the affairs of state! Hurumph.....hurumph.....hurumph.....I didn’t get a hurumph outta that guy!
Kinda like you and the rest of the Dems on health car, budget and tax reform
Trump is a raving lunatic. Do your duty Congress. Get his ass out of there. #25thAmendment.
Well fox has not told him what's in it yet.
The President cannot read and lacks the attention-span to listen.
