So when do they become citizens?
They are staying..we want our American brothers and sisters to stay!
Nope they won't be
You will see..I am right
No it's not they broke the law to get here and Ovonit know that paper he signed was nothing more then a photo op.Fix the dam thing not patch
Send them back, they don't pay taxes and drain the system. They are steeling jobs for cash .  Illegals!
They do pay taxes. . If you would like free ACCURATE information on DREAMERS OR DACA please go to the http://USCIS.gov  webpage. Thank you. Have a nice day
Nonsense, Chucky. There is only cheap talk so far.  Congress has produced NOTHING. As usual!  DC talk is cheap, legislation is RARE, Dream?
What abt backlogged legal immigrants and their children who are aging out of the system? Any urgency for those who followed the law? #Hr392
This is Americans Home not illegal immigrants. They got here because their parents broke law. Kick them out I say
Yeah, this guy stayed too  http://fxn.ws/2wFi0VE  #FoxNews
up urs
Sure, you don't mean for them to cut in line before legal immigrants in US waiting patiently in line for decades. #hr392
And of course we don't want to break up families, so we need to let the illegal, undocumented, non-tax paying parents stay in the US, also.
This isn't their home. Wish you cared about Americans instead of playing fishing for voters from illegals plight of their own making.
This is home to #American #citizens and their dreams are stolen from illegals who get subsidized by big government to stay. #EndDACA
Legal immigrants have been waiting for decades. Their children are excluded from #dreamact #succeedact ONLY because they are here legally.
Agreed. Also, no undocumented immigrants shall be processed until ALL the backlogs for legal immigrants are cleared, incl. the infamous EB2
Enemy from within
Plz stop acting like you are fighting for them, you have to give thanks to the president who ask both Rep and Dem to fix the law
So go compromise and give Trump his border security. Then ask for citizenship in return if u really care!

When you've been in the U.S. for 17 years and you need a translator to call Trump a white supremacist in English: https://trib.al/iz654d7 
You are such a sleaze!
WHy not follow our Laws Chuck?  You pick and choose the ones you don't like..Retire if you cannot follow our federal laws.
Wow!! Wish you worked as hard for Americans as you do 4 illegals.. political move & nothing more (Votes) 
#AmericaFirst
@realDonaldTrump
If thats the case. I consider your house as my house. Same difference.
The president act in good manner by calling both Rep and Dem to come together and fix that law so credit hv to be given to the president
Sure wish you cared about American citizens as much as you care about illegals.
Thank you!  #DreamAct keeps all of our young people hopeful.
Not their home until they become legal like others did and it's not your decision that they are here to stay you are not POTUS!
WRONG AGAIN CRYING CHUCK AMERICA IS NOT THE HOME OF ILLEGAL ALIENS YOU CALL DREAMERS & DREAM ACT WILL NEVER BECOME LAW AMERICANS WILL FIGHT
dep0rt DEP0RT DEP0RT DEP0RT THEY ARE MEXICAN N0T AMERICAN N0 THIS IS N0T THEIR H0ME CHUCK,,,
again trending today headline    Vicious sucker punch caught on video in Texas he was a Mexican you know the dreamer
#Dreamers, by US LAW, are illegal!
No illegals in America. No #dreamact
They are illegal and your oath says you are TO support the LAW. You can't pick which laws to obey. Support Americans with a Dream.
"Dreamers" it's all in the name isn't it? My grandparents were LEAGAL dreamers.
R they citizens  chuck? Then this is not their home. Read the constitution will ya!
Fight for those votes Chuck...keep people dependent on your socialist programs so the votes keep commin! Aka...Lyndon Johnson! Dem pty ovr
How many live in your compound?
What part of illegal don't you understand Chuckie?
I have a dream.  You retire.   Is it true yet
Apparently you are listening to your party and not the voters. We are tired of paying for people who hate us and want to change the US.

Yeah, you can stay at Chucks house.
You need to learn the meaning of illegal, what about the legal citizens that have to pay for your dreamers?
Just give Chuck’s boys your votes!
Hey ...you want to live a Dream. Move to Syria, El Salvador,China, Vietnam Nam...just MOVE
,

Please check this out: https://www.cato.org/blog/dream-act-inexplicably-excludes-legal-immigrant-dreamers …. We need your help so legal DREAMers can be recognized. Even Republican RACact includes me
Just get over yourselves.  You're not welcome. Go back to where you came from.
#HereToStay

Hi.. I am surprised how agenda driven media mixes between legal immigrents & illigal aliens. Unfortunately no one ask why?  SAD & SHAME
Why Dems R so obsessed with illigals &waste valuable time on our dime?They need 2serve US citizens not iliigals.
We need 2Fire& Replace them
Senator, Should Dreamers blame the US or their parents who put them in this situation. We R paying u2 serve us. Work on our kids dreams 1st.
Senator, we R paying ur salary2work4us not2serve illegals on our dime!!The dying& forgotten middle class citizen in need of all help.Resign
U took oath of office2 defend theConsitution &2enforce laws of the land. Instead of focusing on illigals, make our kids dream2come true 1st.
Should Dreamers blame the US or their parents who put them in this situation?  Parent gambled on kids future by illigelly entering USA &lost
It's slap on all legal imigrents faces, who waited yrs2 enter US.Why Ru mixing legal immigrant with illegal alians! DoU respectUS laws.US1st
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
This America apart my home  wonderland and let pass congress and prayer god allow us freedom #Daca 
Thought #DACA had to have been in US 10+ years. Why is your English so poor? RIP DACA.
Why should any illegal immigrant follow the law when they see you reward the children of criminals. Legal immigrants wonder y did I obey?
https://twitter.com/GOP/status/916098511845896197 … shame on you
Some Hill Democrats have given back their dirty Weinstein cash, but the DNC is still holding onto its $246,000… 
Have you set a retirement date yet?
You need those dreamer votes since the America people have abandoned you.  Get to work, Senor Gringo!
Yeah Chuck keep those democrats votes coming!! You don't give a damn about them as people you fraud! On board with NWO too. Unreal!
Never
Ok chuckles , keep fighting for everything that's WRONG!
bubble dweller
Blah blah blah. No we won't
Bull ! Not Americans here illegally & abuse our entitlement programs / deport them  no free pass
Be refreshing to see you be a little concerned about American citizens. Might want to rethink identity politics. Be a US Senator for once.
Blah blah blah
You will have to remove Pence, Miller and Sessions to do that #Dreamers #HereToStay
So.... Screw the law? Are you alright?

I have never heard you speak so passionately about helping Americans
Are you now creating new laws for America?
No way Jose a !!!
We pay you and all the others. Do as the majority asks and we may let you keep your job.
Go with them chuckles. You could be their dream president.
We the People say screw you and your dreamer law. We The People have spoken
If you Run for President you can count on my Vote @SenSchumer
The NRA hasn't killed anyone unlike planned parenthood Schumer what do you think all them dead babies are saying Schumer
You are a 2 faced scumbag!  No problem with anyone coming into our country but do it the legal way like other countries. The LEGAL way
And the said, AMEN!!!
That's not what the constitution says, Senator. Defend America, stop undermining our laws.
DACA. Isn't part of that Delayed Action?  Times up!  Should have started the legalization process a few years ago huh?
I hope you fail, they need to become citizens in accordance to the law not your pipedreams Dumbcrat voters.
No you're not . #deporttheirass
Only in NY could a nitwit like Schumer even have a job. He can do anything with other people's money
I'm a #Dreamer too Chucky, I dream of government that takes care of it's own people before #ILLEGALS. I see you're pandering again for votes
My home 1st I do not want them here
I love legal dreamers!
Alert: Schumer up on his grandstand perhaps he should look at these statistics and retire or shut up
Illegal is illegal.  DEPORT them all NOW!
If only you would fight as hard for American citizens.  So sad.  Misplaced values.
then why haven't you taken any into your home? you know to protect them.
Your dreaming wake up.
Keep dreaming Chuck, Americans first stupid..
Y'all should put this much energy & money into law abiding citizens! Fed. recognize all American Indian tribes b4 more laws 4 illegals !
Chuck has a big house. How many will be there.   Keep out of America
Can u limit chain sponsorship &make entry finite like R income?That's not wickedOR evil FYI r $ doesn't grow on trees nor in endless supply
#Dreamers = #ILLEGALS get it right.
Please Assure the STORM and HELL FIRE Triggers that make AR-15 Emulate Automatic fire included in any legislation Many more made than Stocks
Right, because this will stop the next 911, or Timothy McV. You can not legislate morality. Kain killed Able w/a rock.
This statement of Mr Schumer's is in direct opposition to his sworn oath to uphold the laws and Constitution of the USA. His word means ZERO
Well you have 6 months or somthing like that  get to work chuck! 
Dreamers were brought in against their will. They have duty toward their country not her in the usa.
I dream too Fake Tears Chuck
The left lies, the USA is NOT the home of illegals! It is OUR home and we DEMAND THE LEFT FOLLOWS OUR IMMIGRATION LAWS AS THEY SWORE TO DO!
Kudos!
Schumer your an idiot. There illegal.
I STAND WITH #Dreamers. This is your home and you are #HereToStay.
Dream on dreamers
Why have the Dems said NOTHING about the end of CHIP for 9 million children? Where’s your fire?
They may be but your not chucky!
Democrats aren't LAW MAKERS,they are LAW BREAKERSU should be spending more of your time&efforts into looking out for the American people
I've sat back & watched in disbelief, how Democrats are fighting harder for illegals than their victimsI call that & you bs
I know Dreamers aren't in that category but you just need to stop the bsThe election is over,get used to @realDonaldTrump being President
The American people already know that Democrats want as many illegals here as possible so they can vote for them
And does any1 know y all these Liberal judges r trying2block the Pres from the voter registration infoThey dont want us2c the corruption
The corruption involving how the Democrats tried to rig the election & it backfired on themThat's why they were so shocked
You're dreaming
Just tell them to vote for you. Get over with. And if they came here after 18 bday, we should deal with different. Most over 18. Get in line

They are not American's! They came here illegally no matter how old they were! No matter how u look at it, it is against the law!
The 3million homeless American citizen children want THEIR DREAMS realized FIRST sorry Schumer you took oath for AMERICA honor that oath now
ILLEGAL that's the key do what's required to be legal we brake the law we pay consequences why are so called dreams above the law their not
You don't care about them.Fake Chuck! They will figure you out.
Just want votes
Really sad we elect people to put Americans 2nd!
Stay a dreamer. We taxpayers are dreaming we have social security too. Politicians will tell you what you want to hear to vote 4 them, fools
Hey Chuck can you pick up my dinner tab tonight? I figured I'd ask since you want to pay for everyone else....
This is what chucky says as hes showing illegals around his mansion. Haha!
You have no respect for the law. You need to find another line of 'work'.
Start worrying about the citizens and not the illegals. The illegals can not put you back in office only citizens can
Not if they get illegals voting rights and the Dems are breaking their backs trying to establish that vote
Fight for citizens, not ILLEGALS. @SenGillibrand @RepPaulTonko 
#BuildThatWall
Keep dreamin cryin schum! You need to stick with bike lane legislation. Take a nap old man.

So according @SenSchumer if you break US law he will fight for you. @TheDemocrats are lawlesss

Who are you to say existing laws are wrong. That's for the judicial branch. Illegals have broken the law. It should be enforced
"This is your home," as they wave Mexican flags and flip off US citizens and Legal aliens.

You are in the Senate where laws are made. Yet you spend your efforts trying to skirt existing laws. You should be removed
Sen Schumer U remind me of the Biblical story of Judah who sold his brother Joseph into slavery 2 get money. U sell out America 2 get votes.
What a joke, in 2009 there was a Dem Pres Dem House & filibuster proof Dem Senate but never even tried to enact the Dream Act. Dem just talk
Well one thing the Democrats have demonstrated they do not honor the rule of law
Your so loving and compassionate, what if the dreamers were Republican? You couldn't deport them fast enough. Dreamer = dem voter.
What’s your plan chuckles? Dreamers want to know not here your bullshits lies. Say goodbye to Nancy and you will be right behind her. X Dem
Sen Schumer U R  STEALING productive human capital from Mexico. Mexico needs her people 2 grow &  prosper. U steal from Mexico. Typical Dem.
They deserted Mexico and broke laws in their home country as well as the USA
wish you would fight for americans who are living here legally. How about fixing our healthcare.
Yes!
Chuck Schumer is a traitor.
If only you fought that hard to protect the Constitution.
Illegals will keep stealing from Americans.
Its all about getting Votes.. They are here Illegally... PERIOD!
Chucky .... going to lose his cheese. Dems been dangling this on election year since Carter. Take a real American to force RESOLVE.
WOW Chuck I did not know you knew how to do anything, you sure don't show it. Resist ! 
Bull chuck
The executive branch executes the laws. If you don’t like the law change it and quit blaming the president
Lol....you had 8 years
Then you and your hypocrites liberals pay for them.
Why haven't you resigned not done stealing from the American people #TermLimits
And if it doesn't become law, you can blame @SenSchumer right? Go ahead senator give them your address too. Don't be afraid
Illegal immigrants >>>> citizens.

Brought to you courtesy of the modern democrat party.

ps this is why you lose.
Please get the #DreamActNow to a vote and get it passed
Trump needs to not do anything that Schumer wants him to do until he repeals Odumbocare and passes tax bill.
Sir they are here against the law is they are 18 or over deport them .
This is why they will fight so hard.
They had years to do the paperwork, YEARS, no ones fault but their own...see ya 
They don't do the paperwork because they don't want to HAVE to pay taxes like us REAL hard working Americans.Not dumb.Justplaydumbcongress.
It is a shame that a Harvard trained lawyer ignores the law. Disgusting. Albert Douglas is spinning in his grave.
He is a traitor to Americans, I can't believe that those idiots who elected him can't see he is not helping Americans.
So, what’s your plan?
Shame on you, how about our Veterans, our American homeless, etc?!
Maybe
Blah Blah Blah
Just resign
This is NOT there home! Regardless how the came here they are illegal. Show the same care for the poor, homeless and veterans! #socialist
No actually not true, they are illegal immigrants and by US laws they should be deported!
Let them live with you!
Your job is to worry about actual Americans not illegals!if your not part of the solution your part of the problem We the people say No DACA
You should not make promises you can't keep Chucky.  #pullyourheadout
No
I am positive none of these people are dreaming of being shot by some person who has easy access to auto weapons and the tools to make auto.
Nope they just want the right to vote themselves entitlements and bygawd Cryin Chuck is here to help em!
That is not what you said when Obama was in office an YOU forced him to do an illegal ex-order. But know you want votes so ok now
So by that thought I can sneak into an office building, find desk, then demand they hire me and pay for all my stuff.
Then hire my whole family.
What will happen to those Dreamer parents who came into the US ILLEGALLY and are STILL here? Will they be deported if kids stay?
A 4 years old kid needs an urgent heart transplantation at India, meanwhile he can't get there of the airport blocked issue!
We have kids here that need transplants as well, we can't help everyone, everywhere, not possible.
