How about cut spending for programs you and your chroneys make a fortune on administering while throwing the needy a bone
You, Senator are not part of media. DO NOT TELL US WHAT"S wrong. You were hired 2 FIX what's wrong! AND @POTUS unable to save PRico U FIX IT
Mnuchin touting family farms & small buz. benefit from repeal of Estate Tax. 5.49 million threshold fits 50 to 80.
If it were Schumer, he would raise taxes on everyone.
Will this benefit most middle class citizens? The answer is yes!
WRONG!! Trump is trying to Eliminate the middle class, make top 1% RICHER! Trump LIED, LIES & CONS!! Wake up & smell the treason!
More people on food stamps and in poverty under Obama than any other Pres. Who really wanted to get rid of middle class?
The greedy asshole that is trying to give the top 1% TaxBREAK with Medicare funds and INCREASE taxes on middleclass! WAKE UP!! Trump LIES!!
Hey Chuckle, your fearless leader is so corrupt just like you.
Sewing divisiveness no matter if it hurts the middle class. Schumer and Obama = 8 years of tepid growth. Look at JFK tax cuts and Reagan's.
It's "sowing". If you're going to asshole troll someone, at least use correct grammar. :)
I have to try to even the score with the anti-Trump haters. They sow so much hate.  Dems have gone mad with hatred and the press so biased
The working middle class always pays, regardless who's the president. Did Obama rescind Bush's tax cuts on the rich? Nope.
Enough with this false narrative, Chuck. You will always lose.
https://youtu.be/qwcK4CJMEfw 

WE WILL ALL PAY THIS EVIL GOVERNMENT...???
CHUCK HELP THIS IS NUTS NO HELP TO PUERTO RICO. CANT WE SAY SOMETHING. Can’t we be strong. THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHS

Great News: Driving to DC with Trump bumper sticker & getting thumbs ups from other drivers.

#SaturdayMorning #SatChat 
NO Corp. Tax cut unless all manufacturing brought back to US - in fact,tax increase to those remaining offshore. Hello Apple!
So what???
Mnuchin was on Meet the Press and CONFIRMED employing “Current Policy” Baseline Would Hide $439 Billion in Tax Cuts Worth at Least ... 1/
$40,000 a Year for the Top 0.1 Percent.
You killed the middle class. ACA biggest tax increase ever! Our turn to reverse it!
!
The country wanting our legislators 2 work 2gether.If GOP has 2 bully it thru then it’s not a good bill.U have 2 show ur better than DJT
Name this WH the "Let Them Eat Cake" admin. Treating us like peons from guilded towers.They have NO regard or understanding of middle.class.

Along with trump, this man is huckster & con man. I wouldn’t buy a new toothbrush from either of them!
Every Democrat better stay away from voting with 45! He wants to boycott NFL, not help PR.. resist is the new kneeling!

.@nedryun: "We have a sitting Democrat US Senator on trial for corruption and you've barely heard a peep from the mainstream media." 
Schumer cannot be trusted, he is the lowest of the low.
Nothing but lies.
We must demand term limits to toss out the swamp creatures.
How about you start plowing into republicans for their management of PR instead of tweeting useless kind messages.
Only TRUMP supporters should suffer with NO INSURANCE, HIGHER TAXES! We are NOT responsible for this incompetent AHOLE! Why should we suffer
Wow now your worried about spending. For 8 years didn't hear you mention this. Whatta hypocrite.
How do you sleep at night ???
CHUCK SCHUMER is a LIAR just like his FELLOW CULT MEMBERS that follows TRUMP. HE'S working for the purpose of SCREWING the mid and poor!
Chuck, why don't U condemn ANTIFA?  Anti American group, uses violence to deny freedom of speech, while doing bidding 4 U & Dems?  WOKE!
This is "trickle up" Tax Reform.  Median income is 50K or less.  50% of taxpayers will get first 12K-24K free.  Works for the little guy 1st
Hey chuck!.  You say democrats are fiscally debt responsible!!! ??  muhahaha!! muhahaha!! Your just lied to everyone's face!
The fake patriots on both sides can't have an outsider come in and MAGA. It will make them look bad. Americans R with U, not politicians.
Residents of Blue states and cities deduct HIGH state and local taxes from their federal tax bill, e.g. CA state tax rate is 13.3%

I am SICK of people in Red States subsidizing ($1T per decade) Democrats in Blue States implementing Venezuela socialism and welfare to illegals!
Would you buy a used car from this Vampire Squid bro?
what facts give examples not bs
The Trump plan will be good for the American economy. Perhaps Sen. Schumer should negotiate with the President.
And Munchkin said the tax cuts wwould pay for themselves.
Govt health care will be run like govt housing .......not good
Most consider politicians the top 1% and what you are saying false
Depends if they live in a "blue state" like Cali or New yoik.  Deceptive chuckles is at it again.
Chuck, have you ever had a job outside politics? NO!
Fake news. what he said was that with all the variables he could not guarantee that you wouldn't find one person. Completely dishonest Chuck
Let’s look at your money. How much would this hurt or help you. Are you going to lose a big tax break. I think we know thw the answer 
Against tax plan because companies might pay dividends. Many retirees and me depend on dividends. Living on less than median income. Shame
Of course he cant. Because the middle lass will have to pay more in taxes. When have the Repukes ever done differently?
this is the guy who thinks you can get a new car for $1,000, right?
More lies, what's that 2 today or is this a repeat of yesterday's lie.
Chuck: not everyone is good at math.
Imagine that...
We R going 2 vote in MORE MEN LIKE TRUMP & MOORE,U WILL LOSE, LEAVE NOW WITH UR HEAD UP WHILE U CAN,OR WE WILL ANNIHILATE U WITH R SUCCESSES
This is what u call successful? This is what UR PREZ DID 4 US GREAT GUY IF U LIKE FAILURES,WE FAIL 2,WE NEED 2 GET ALL POLITICIANS OUT OF DC
We know ur LYING,we watch FOX NEWS,U R HATEFUL OF TRUMP & WANT NOTHING 4 US DURING HIS TERM,WE SUFFER,U DONT CARE,WE no U CONTROL ALL DIMMS
Heard how you told democrats 2 vote party lines or you will make sure they lose re-elections! YOU R THE DICTATOR of your PRO SLAVERY PARTY!
That was not his complete statement you liar.
Why don’t you post the entire video Cryin Chuck?!!!
Hopefully he runs this plan by Chuck & Nancy first. The Democrats are the only ones that have WORKING BRAINS in Congress!
https://twitter.com/mtmckissick53/status/913880039489523712 …
I’m a tax CPA. We will pay more.
Why against cuts? Oh that's right because you can't balance your federal check book like I have to balance mine every month!
This coming from a guy who never met a tax increase he didn't like!
Easy for people to believe the nonsense that the middle class will be helped. We need the Democrats out there and emphatic.
Senator,  we need you to be more visible and blunt with the American people. In order for the resistance to be effective. Trump lies working
TAX LAW SIMPLIFICATION ACT OF 1986 WAS ABOUT 2000 PAGES AND YOU GUYS IN THE SWAMP HAVE IT OVER 74,000. ALL IN SELF SERVING TERMS.
Wasn't he THE guy who said we'd have a whole $1000 2 remodel our kitchens?
Can anyone verify avg cost of kitchen remodel on 3bdrm trk house?
and what can you guarantee to anyone Chuck? nothing, life has no guarantees. we need tax reform we need a fix for ACA not bout winning
Weiner wrote to someone else's a 15-year-old: “I would bust that tight p—y so hard and so often that you would leak and limp for a week.”
I believe in Senator Schumer! He wouldn't redicule a person for a logical opinion!  Senator I guess it is pick on deaf woman today !
There is NOTHING Trump could do that would not be met with disdain from libs short of accepting Socialism!! SICK!!
Kinda like Obamacare would lower premiums
You seek division because you are the epitome of the swamp
But I know how much DemoKKKrats love as much money out of income earners as they can to feed their social programs which includes nonworkers
tax reform eliminated the deduction,state&local governments would face stronger pressure to keep their taxes low.
Democrats should not vote on any tax bill until dt releases all of his, period! This man is not fit to be President. Stand up Dems R's won't
GOP TAX BILL---GREAT FOR AMERICA.
Don’t b fooled.  This tax plan is for Trump and his cronies.  The poor & middle class will lose in this plan.
He said about 1
Yes he made that clear several times.

The middle class is funding this freaking bill.  I will have to pay $7766.54 which is unattainable for us.  We will be on welfare.
Let's change the ability of elect officials to set they own salaries. How about letting them pay their own obamacare without subsities.
Let's be helpful to the working poor by engaging both sides of the aisle to also increase US Min Wage with tax changes? #TrueBipartsanship
Why r they revamping the tax code for the 'middle class' if they can't guarantee our taxes will lower? HINT: #Its4theRich @OccupyDemocrats
So what do u expect,that's what they do lie,lie,& more lies!
Tax breaks for multinational corporation's billionaires can bring offshore money back to United States!
for rich but no healthcare for !
No longer will the rest of the country subsidized New York because you have an inefficient government. Lower your State's taxes!
The rich should get their tax cuts in the form of GOV'T VOUCHERS, SPENDABLE ONLY IN THE USA!

Just like the poor get vouchers.
Because nothing jumpstarts an economy like moving all the cash into rich people's savings accounts.
Your being paid to work for us its not about how you feel about Trump. Schumer is a weasel out for himself and living off our dime.

$1000 for a kitchen remodel?  Or to buy a car?  What the heck are these idiots smoking?

Chuck Schumer Opened Effort to Derail Tax Reform Spreading Fake News http://truepundit.com/chuck-schumer-opened-effort-to-derail-tax-reform-spreading-fake-news/ …
Keep up the good work Senator----
Yeh, Shumer likes 1.3% Obama growth.
Please Chuck, propose a FLAT tax cut of $500 and turn the tables on Trump! Make him prove why real Americans shouldn't have a tax cut.
ASK THEM TO AIR DROP FOOD AND WATER TO PUERTO RICO

Will The Real Chuck Schumer Stand Up 
#GOPTaxCutMyths
Usually they just lie, so if he admits they might pay more, the Middle-class really must be in for a giant hit
Of course they will. @GOP designed it that way.
Let's make sure we have refugees living in same neighborhood as the politicians, next door bet they wouldn't ask for the same policy on it!
Gary Cohn is a Registered Democrat & you can see how uneasy he was saying this tax plan will work!
It's common sense that if you give big tax breaks for the rich, who's going to pay for it? The middle and working class.
and pay, and pay, and pay, and pay, and pay some more....
Every time U open your mouth nothing but BS runs through it. You'd sell your own Mother 4 a Vote. Only thing you C when U look at a Dreamer
Well duh, it hasn't gone through the legislature yet, Schmuckie!
Hey Chuck, how's it feel being a DISGRACE ??
Pretty excited about my "miracle" of "up to 1k" with new tax plan. As Cohn said..kitchen reno, vacation? Cohn reality check????
Why is he there?
What have you said about Anthony Weiner? You know the guy you got into congress.. what's your thoughts on that Chuck?
No that's not what he said.
450 illegal criminals arrested in sanctuary cities THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP
If everyone doesn't get a tax cut, you can't call it a tax cut.
Stop your bullshit double talk chucky ..we will vote you out
tRump's team of players hates anyone who isn't rich. There isn't one amongst them who actually wants to help the American people.
Schumer, the divisive Senator, what a joke!
well the "tax plan" is just another Vegas smoke and mirror trick while the middle class is being pick pocketed! Enough bull to father a herd
Watch out when Chucky sheds his croc tears!

IndyMac Bank failure set off panic causing 2008 economic collapse!
I call BS! Play the entire interview sir! Keep this up & YOUR party will suffer their 6 LOSS in 2018!
GOP (Greedy Old Pricks ) have a new code name 4 the ultra Wealthy ,they call them the Middle Class ! Their TaxBill will help the MiddleClass
Read that PR evacuees are being charged $$ and having their Passports /IDs stolen in retaliation for rescue? Stop that immediately from HSA and make them return their stolen booty!

Why not tweet something substantive like pictures of puppies?  Your clown tweet is just as immature.
#clownsoffended
Cohn didn't say that!!  The LIAR Schumer taking him out of context.  Chuckie likes to play his ignorant base!
Oh now you leak some truth out
You couldn't let the clip so we could hear it as I don't believe anything you say. Honesty on senate floor, I can't deal with hypocrisy on
The senate floor, or in front of your favorite PR station. The word should be banned from your lips
Totally confused administration
Come up with your own plan and please don’t tell us you’re concerned about the deficit after 8 years of Obama doubling our national debt
Why would you do this? So juvenile! Why not have a discussion?
Work 12 hrs a day in the heat? Get your hands greasy and sweat for the paycheck you want a chunk of? Ever work a day in your life? Or just run your mouth? You don't earn our $ we do! Upper, lower, middle class whoever! We earn it! Not you! Cut spending, stop being a thief!
Chuck please stop laying
Just shut up Schumer. You are a hypocrite! You the #1 reason we need term limits
What a joke Cohn is.
He's saying the wealthy won't benefit but can't guarantee the middle class won't pay more.
Is this a tax increase?!!!
Or... #LetThemEatCake right?
primarily because blue states have unreal property tax bills. As you were saying?
You're way wrong on this Senator.

Corporation+globalization÷ exploitation=
No middle anymore!
Trump should release his tax returns so we can see exactly how much he benefits. All of his cabinet too.
.@NancyPelosi-Devil (or good) in the details! PLEASE WORK w Reps w the TOTAL PICTURE for good of ALL Americans! DON'T cut off w #DealStopper
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS CS-AS WE WERE SAYING U GAVE MY JOB & MILLIONS OF AMER JOBS TO FOREIGNERS IN INDIA - CROOK
Well tell me what the democrats are doing for the middle-class
@realDonaldTrump says "This plan is not good for guys like me". Uhhh show us your taxes and let ALL of America be the judge of that.
This is why they draw up all these proposals behind closed doors NO debate NO contrasting views. Sneaky politics is the republicans way.
Code for YES.

Democrats can't garantee the the middle class wont paid higher insurance premiums under Obamacare either!


The top one percent Americans pays 39% of the GDP....
JFK supported lower taxes..take a lesson from history.  The legacy of your political party will depend on your support for tax cuts.
I can guarantee that I will not accept paying more taxes!!
Estate tax is a crime. Stop stealing savings from hard working Americans. Stop political greed.  Cut taxes and regulations
Get on board with the American people and lower taxes.  This is an opportunity for the democratic party to win elections.
The US should have the lowest tax rate for any and all demographics. Please stop the government from discouraging economic growth.
Senator Schumer, please lead the way for the Democratic party to promote job growth by lowering corporate tax
YOU MEAN AS YOU WERE LYING CRYING SCHUMER ALWAYS AGAINST ANYTHING THAT WILL BENEFIT THE MIDDLE CLASS 
2 states/2 territories massively destroyed is the best time to push an infrastructure bill not tax reform! @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @DNC
What is your plan to "GUARANTEE" tax relief. GUARANTEES from our elected leadership sounds like a good idea. You have my full support
He said families could use extra $1,000/year tax savings to remodel kitchen or buy a new car...talk about the rich not having a clue 
And for sure Chucky will not get any audit time for him and will drag it on for years and issue big fines for his corrupt filing of taxes
The way he stood in front of the flag that he loves so much and lied to the American people about the tax plan is despicable.   Sickening
The lies just keep on coming.   Trump has taught them well.  Sick to my stomach with all these lying bastards.
Lead Dems. in demanding NO #corporatewelfare  w/out mandatory move back to US soil,US banks,US workers- INCLUDING Trump products.
7)
Why do u "refuse" 2 use the tools at hand 2 fix our problems? Guess u well know the definition of insanity, because Dems r guilty of it!
