2nd, Judge Gorsuch hasn't shown one scintilla of independence from President Trump.
And 3rd, based on his record & history, Judge Gorsuch has a deeply held conservative judicial philosophy that is far outside the mainstream.
With all due respect, forget about this line of attack. Merrick Garland didn't get a hearing. THAT is the line of attack to focus on.
Due to Biden rule in 1992...we just followed precedent...blame Biden.
There is no Biden rule. The Democrats never applied it to any nomination process. Bush got his appointments just fine.
I don't understand how these people get their miss-information and then proceed to stand by it.
I'm also sick of the "well Hillary did this, Biden did that, Obama did this, Bill did that." How it excuses trump I don't know
GOP filibustered the shit out of Obama's lower court noms for no reason, but now the Dems are just supposed to let that go. Right. 
Not to mention the now breaking story of his plagarism....yikes!
breaking? It's been refuted. Pay attention.
Well you can clearly see it here:
Politico reports on documents showing that SCOTUS nominee Neil Gorsuch plagiarized the work of others. Behold: http://politi.co/2o7z2tU  
This type of week results in expulsion at uni. People lose their degrees over plagiarism, but there are different rules for rich white guys.
you're boring.
An administration (POTUS) under FBI investigation, should NOT be permitted to nominate/seat a Supreme Court Justice. #illegitimatePresident
Name one case that he showed favor? It's the law the makes the ruling. Why aren't you clowns understanding basic things
Please! ... and you haven't! You have one of the worst voting records in the senate as a Neo-Liberal...In Fact you vote more like a Rep.
You lost again! Maybe we can get you crying real tears!
So he was fine in the lower court? You all put him in. You and your party are socialist Obstructionist.
Chucky baby, the Dems have ZERO principles. Such a shame to have such people in positions such as yours. #wakeupamerica
Dems have no principles? Did you notice who's sitting in the Whitehouse? Oh, I'm sure you voted for that unscrupulous man child.
So has every other judge you've voted to confirm. We know your voting record Chuck. Too bad you didn't take a stand for Garland.
#stolenseat by an evil Mitch, never forget 2010!!
Done deal
You have no principled reasons.  Bullys on the playground getting pay back at the expense of the people of the USA. Scum!
Principled? Then why are you advocating that a judge choose sides rather than administer the law?????
He is going to put guns in every Americans waistband across the nation. Thanks NRA!!
You don't  matter how does it feel maybe like the middle class
What you have is a hypocritical view of history of Dems in DC refusing to acknowledge you lost an election. Party over country every time
Gorsuch should step down from nomination, say he'd be an accomplice to theft if he accepted, & urge Trump to nominate Garland. True justice.

Hey Chuckie, same guy that was confirmed unanimously to the appeals court, you ignoramous! You lost. Bigly. Thanks Harry Reid!
U have 2 have principles 2 have "principled reasons". #Gorsuch is very clear. He doesnt judge based on instincts. Act w/principles. #confirm
I don't understand why the right so badly wants to regress to the past, why can't they look forward to a better future for all Americans?
Obstruction, they name is @SenateGOP. Now y'all change rules 4 a corporate shill. Sad day 4 Amer! Thank u, @SenSchumer, 4 standing up 4 us!
Follow the money.
I'm sure you're talking about the Clinton empire?
Nope. She's not POTUS, so I don't want to hear about her.
That's why she's not potus
The Democrat's started this mess, now you complain about it. Tapes & history  don't lie. Yours & Pelosi's faces are attached to EVERYTHING
Your only principle reason is to be an obstructionist . You have led your party so deep into the mud, Pres, Kennedy couldnt bring you back.
I think if you ever said anything positive, you would choke and shoot fire out your kiester. Oh heck- what am I saying?
The Democratic Party has cornered the market when it comes to serving Wall Street & Big Business! What say you Liar?
Thank you, Senator Schumer! I appreciate your hard work!
That's kind of what all Republicans and many Dems do so he fits right in.
Be honest it is childish revenge grow up
and he's rabidly anti-choice
NOT OUR JUDGE!..
Put the actions behind your words words are just that words when we see action we will be happy.
get off the train it goes nowhere with you democrats on it. Called a train to the end of the track
The president picked a great candidate! Tired of all the liberal ways in the United States!
Principles? Hillary cheated in the primaries against Sanders. You and Cuomo with the reach around when you nominated her. Sad
STRONGLY DISAGREE
then you are blind.
Nope, I'm looking @ the big picture. You like most libs can only see so far & think everyone should cater to your idol oligarchs
Are you kidding? Do you know the definition of oligarchs? CEO's running the country.
Lol, sure do....think & ponder on that for more than a few minutes along with the world we live in
I ponder that you are completely backwards. We want the 1% to have less power.
Schmuck where do you get most of your money?
Stop
We the American citizens do NOT believe you. See u as obstructionist.  Call your fellowReid. The one, who built your cliff!!
Shut up!
That's Bullshit
Dems have not had any principals that is why you will keep losing
You mean he followed the law in those cases???!!!  That BASTARD!!
What a web we weave when we try to to deceive the the people   don't trust you Chuck your career is about over
You have no principles, you are a do nothing Congressman,your salary is like stealing money, hurry home you don't want to miss recess
On CNN Sen Tom Cotton of AR said for 214 years scotus noms got an up or down vote. No! 213! McConnel denied Garland.
Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed by U.S. Senate to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006. Schumer was on the Senate Judiciary Committee
Your principaled reason is you lost and now you want to obstruct!
oh bull!!!
You have no principals period.
OMGYou really need to be admitted into the looney farm.Gorsuch will be the next SC judge regardless your attacks and is an exceptional judge
Simply not true!
Thanks, chuck. Keep up the good work. Fight the fight against trump.
You have got to be so dam confused after the rep mopped the floor with your face
Uh huh....just do what you're going to do, and don't try to justify it. NOBODY believes you!
That is reason enough, don't you think? Not all were born with a silver spoon.
Why didn't you all strongly protest? Now we have lost everything, we have no voice, we can't trust our reps to represent us. How sad
Why haven't you contacted thesefour, so called, Demsenators who arevoting against the Demparty, sitthem down and lecture about party loyalty
Theres a tear in your beer
Lots of good reasons to vote against Gorsuch, Chuck. As the leader of the Corporate Dems, though, this probably isn't the one to lead with.
Wow you are destroying your party 2018 and 2020 will show you what your actions are costing your party
You have no principles fake tears.... You sell snake oil...
You have no principals other than being an obstructionist!
And now possibly plagiarism! McConnell going nuclear a disgrace!! Time for u to go!
Principled reasons 
Oh, please!  But thanks for the laugh. Remember you approved him unanimously last time.  But NOW you're principled.
So have you. Pot/kettle.
The word principled and Democrats have no business being in the same sentence together. Can't wait for 2018.
"Principled" and "democrat" don't belong in a sentence together, ChuckYou  #NuclearOption #ConfirmGorsuch #MAGA
Really he is sticking to the constitution not legislating from the bench. You and Reid are horrible
Don't forget plagiarism. Just sayin'
So do you Chuck, so do you. You supported Obamacare which the insurance co's looked at as gift money and raised thier rates.
@senschumer is saying is tht Gorsuch ruled based on the laws and binding contracts and schumer doesn't want to do his job and change laws.
Lying Chuck at it again. Always had high praise for Gorsuch now he's obstructing. Ill bet Lying Chuck's constituents are pleased as punch
And he plagiarized! How can HE sit on any court? #gorsuchplagarized #gorsuch #gorsuchrepublicanhack
Baloney!!! Your filibuster was STRICTLY political payback and we all know it. Nuclear option is ON YOU and on Reid's precedent.
As well as torpedoed women's rights

He's a Republican hack and a Trump boot licker
You're a beady eyed alleged pedophile with an axe to grind. You haven't had principles for some time now. You're bought and paid for.
So you want Gorsuch to favor average Americans rather that apply the written law?!?  Figures.  Change the law if you don't like it!!
The Dems have only themselves to blame, they lost the election. 
Hillary was a week candidate and the DNC was a failure. Take responsibility
SAY UNCLE !!!!
Right on you.
I do not find this to be the real reason for the action taken.
You mean principled like Iscariot
Guess you guys are gonna have to change laws so there is no room for interpreting them in favor of corporations.
Retire you make no sense in the words and thoughts you express
You ambition is showing and was obvious when you were a member of the House
You wouldn't recognize a principled decision if it walked up and poked you in the eye.Righteous decisions are not based on politics.Urs are.
Schumer. America needs to support trump we are sick of dems trump has done more than obama 8 years. Keep up the great work mr trump. Ohoio
hypocrite
Agreed but if not Gorsuch it will be someone much worse. Pick your battles.
You're a toddler.
But you also have to bare some of the responsibility for where we are right now. Dems changed the rules. And it's coming back to haunt. :(

Did you use your scope today?  People are saying your breath is particularly bad today.
RIDICULOUS!!
No Mr. Schumer, you don't like him because he won't tow the rope for you leftist vision. Plus anything again the President you are for.
I call BULLSHIT  @ Sen Schumer , now your SCREWING our DEMOCRACY over FOREVER!
Thank you for standing up for our beliefs! We want what's best for America!! 
We voters have principled reasons to vote against Dems: 1st Dems practice politics of personal destruction #WakeUpAmerica
The judiciary interprets laws and is not there to legislate. That is your job.Do it for once.
Whatever, Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed whether we like it or not.
Really ? Think for ur self and read something! When Ww3 starts and kids and elderly go hungry u can look down from ur glass tower
1st.- last...He is the POTUS's pick.
ARE YOU KIDDING PRINCIPLED REASONS ? 
THE REASON IS THE DEMOCRATS WANT TO CONTROL THE PEOPLE OF USA IT IS CALLED COMMUNIST CONTROL
Wow at all the butt hurt. 
You have no principled objections and you know it. Purely political and you are going to lose badly.
is this why you voted unanimously last time in favor of him?
Chuckie, so full of it, it flows from you mouth as your butt cant handle it all
Resist Republican coup.  Filibuster Gorsuch!  Carroll Smith-Rosenberg your constituent
Fight the Gorsuch nomination.  Fight furiously for social justice, women's rights and true equality. Filibuster!!!
You all loved him a few years back, now you hate him for political reasons.  Ever wonder why ppl hate career politicians?  Fuck them.
Chuckie you are a liar and a fraud!You oppose all-things-right, and your party backed the wrong horse (pardon  the pun) Hillary.Butt-hurt
Those principled reasons are legislating from the bench FOR your party & ideology. That is not what SCOTUS should do.
PRINCIPLES? You need to be able to recognize a honorable person  who follows the constitution that you also swore to uphold, that is Gorsuch
Democrats and Principles do not belong in the same sentence.
You still lose 
stay focused and determined on our principles against this nominee !
That's why the crooked GOP want him!
Cry Baby Chuck you will vote no on everything for the next 8 years.  Watch it or you just might get voted out for obstruction.
Why don't you take a rest. You democrats actually turn me off. That's why I changed affiliation. You're not the people's party anymore.
Correction Chucky, you damnocraps have NO principles.
Chucky show us a list of your campaign contributors. Then talk about the "evil" corporations. You NEVER refuse $ do you!
Duh, like you? Did you undergo a chemical attack? Is that why you're always foaming at the mouth?
Enjoy that nuclear rules change, chucky
#SenatorJohnMcCain No to Waterboarding No to Gorsuch
It's pure politics that's your only reason
.@SenSchumer @Lee_in_Iowa The 1st shld b McConnell sabotage PO appointee, so Gorsuch shld not b installed. Dems stand ur ground.
He is a #PutinPick #plagiarist
BULLSHIT
Schumer the party of "no help for the people". Do your job Schumer! Work for all the people!
Not only do u not have principles regarding voting fir Gorsuch, you personally fall far short of having any principles, mini u harry reed
Stop. Partisan hissy fit. Merrick Garland revenge. Here comes the nuclear option. And the last check on highly partisan judges. Nice job.
Democrats and principles....that's funny!!
It is war Chuckie. The first Nuke will be fired tomorrow when the GOP uses the Nuclear option. Bang bang your dead.
. @SenSchumer plse define average American Senator
Oppose Gorsuch!  I'm with you Senator Schumer
..... Why do you keep calling Americans average? Like you are above us.... We are ALL AMERICANS  to call us average is an insult
1st: You all have no principles.
But all of you were 100% for him a few years back. You people are not for the average American or you would be working with the Pres
Democrats are headed for a train wreck with your type of leadership
Don't listen to any of the haters they don't get the opposition becuz they don't think Gorsuch is an extreme right wing nominee
This is due to constant stream of Russian and private interest propaganda that has been told to them everyday for the past 6 years...its sad
You are nothing but a left wing hack and everyone knows it. I love watching u make a fool of yourself. Lol
Govt 101...You, The Congress write the laws, POTUS executes the law, SCOTUS judges the Law based on Constitution not political preference.
@pelosi dems have zero principles! You all lied, cheat, steal from the us Americans! Votes are your god! Power your blood!
Then why did you vote yes for him to be on the Court of Appeals?  Hello?
Why did you vote FOR Gorsuch last time?? The only principled reason is political so please stop with your LIES. TERM LIMITS!!!
Not true and you should be ashamed for spreading propaganda.
No he hasn't liar.  He favored a strict Constitutional application of the law..or he'd have been overturned.
Do you know who said that?
"...the very idea of a government by the people and for the people would be at risk.”
We dont want to employ a Plagiarism judge to the highest court - laughing-stock
"If judges were just secret legislatures declaring not what the law is but what they would like it to be..."
Schumer, you've got my support. But, federal govt. will not improve until you guys end the power of Big Business in govt.
Unbelievable. You should be ashamed of yourself for this outrageous lie.
The people want Gorsuch. Quit making up lies. You aren't fooling all of us.
BS..it's because he isn't a far left liberal goon like yourself
Tell the truth: Democrats are obstructionist & will do everything possible to derail @POTUS #confirmgorsuch #tcot #GOP #DNC #NuclearOption
I feel sorry for America when your hate for the Republicans has consumed any good you might be able to do for your country.
When legislators like Schumer write laws favoring corporations, Gorsuch has no choice but to apply the laws created by people like Schumer
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr 1st is that @realDonaldTrump is illegitimate @POTUS and NO confirmation till #Russiagate is complete!
reality is that it's all about the $$$$ and directive from your bosses...special interests. You're a hack.
He is anti woman and plagirizes
He rules by the law not favoritism enough of this rhetoric already
We need leaders who possess a backbone rather than  a wishbone. Bravo on choosing the right one!!!
Principles?
Reports in unmasking controversy were detailed, had info about 'everyday lives'  http://fxn.ws/2obOghy  via @foxnewspolitics 
No you don't. You are an unending fountain of lies
Then write better laws Chuck
No sir, you said many times you wanted him defeated AT ANY COST. You LIE: you are bad for the country AND New York. Utter disgusted with you
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Stand firm.Put ppl AHEAD of Corporate interest.Make what's best for our kids,families a PRIORITY.
It's funny how crooked them democratic party is and you still defending and supporting. You are all sad americans!!!
Oh bullshit this is about Democrats ego period!! Whaaaaaa merrick garland didn't get a fair shake. Obama should have never even tried toapt
....strike 1.....
#StopGorsuch
#PutinsPick doesn't follow the laws & Constitution as a judge. He is a judicial activist who wants 2 use the ct to change US.
#StopGorsuch
#PutinsPick shld b investigated 2 c if he was chosen as part of #RussiaGate or if he really is just a right wing ideologue.
Actually the law over politics Chuck! You like to make up rules as you please. Sorry we're just not buying it!!!
