Pray as you keep cutting their funding.
Amen!
Really Hillary and Obama just let them die with no help sent to Bengozy NOW your pray
How can you say that went you have a terrorist training camp in your state you are a hypocrite
You need to let our President staff his office. You are an obstructionist and America is pissed as hell and we will show our anger in 2018
We will vote all democrats out of office!
Thank you Senator .
We need u JFK. Ur country u proudly served needs u again. 
Your pandering to active duty & veterans is so transparent. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Yeah if you had approved the buying of new equipment 8 years ago may not have happened. Remember you cut the military budget to the bone
I had no idea you cared about the military
You pray? I can't imagine that. And I don't believe you at all.
Stop blocking pres nominations and let's get these people working.  Make you look a lot better.
How the hell can he block them if there is no noms!?! No one wants to work for a crook. Besides the dems are in the minority.
Only 47 of 198 appointees of Trumps have so far been approved.
Mr. Schumer, I don't think God hears your prayers. But you sure have everyone else fooled. Do you really think God is pleased with you? NOT!
Amen
Which btw no mention of from the Liar in chief!
...giving their families Peace as only YOU can. Amen

God bless our military and their families.
Phony crying Schumer who cares of personal enrichment NOT the American people
Please dont act like you care. You insult me and my service
Too bad our "president" couldn't say something like that
Frontlines or homefront military duty is a dangerous one. U all get to go home after ur 8 or 12 hours. They dont. LORD Thank YOU for...
Nice job Chuck - it will get "better"
Oh you do have a caring bone in your body. Politics???? Hope u r sincere   Get on with helping Americans, YOUR JOB, not destroying Trump 
8 years of shitty leadership and a demise of the quality of equipment. You and Obama failed them Chuck. Their bloods is on your hands.
You could care less!! Liberals hate the military!
Chuck stands up for nobody he is a total joke to this country and the Democrats
You could care less about our troops. You have spoke more on behalf of illegals than you ever have OUR police or troops.
Obama Admin Meddled in Foreign Elections: gave taxpayer money to Soros to spark leftist political revolution
chuck it's widely known you and @TheDemocrats hate the military
Thank you Senator . thank you .
SENATOR WE NEVER KNOW WHEN TRAGEDY HITS ;BUT WHEN WE MOURN  FOR THE LOSS OF SOME; IT IS LIKE WE LOST OUR VERY  OWN FAMILY! IN GOD'S FAMILY!
Damn shame you weren't on the plane!!!
Prayers up

You do not care about these marines and their families. If you did you would expedite all the nominees you are obstructing.
Hey Chuck maybe Don Jr should of just deleted emails like hillary, wouldn't you agree? ??
Would of been so much easier #thecryinggame
Well I guess snortable chocolate is so much more important then healthcare...tax reform....safety of our nation..
You are a joke !
Chuck Schumer  are you there
then get off your high horse speeches and get health reform tax bill and nominees done you're all talk
Senschumer: thanks for bashing snortable chocolate ! Ridiculous
Where do I let this company know my opinion?!?!! They're crazy
.@POTUS .@TGowdySC .@marcorubio Under 18 U.S. Code 2385 charges are mandated &.@chuckschumer has to be charged in accordance of the Law
.@POTUS .@TGowdySC .@marcorubio .@nytimes .@chuckschumer is Guilty of 18 U.S. Code 2385 Advocating to overthrow the President of the USA
Seems like the appropriate place to park your bullshit
.@POTUS .@TGowdySC .@marcorubio .@chuckschumer is guilty of 18 U.S. Code 2385 Advocating to overthrow the Gov
.@POTUS .@TGowdySC .@marcorubio .@chuckschumer is guilty of 18 U.S. Code 2386 Advocating the overthrow of Gov & is part of a coup
.@TGowdySC .@chuckschumer has & is willfully & intentionally withholding pertinent information that would end this investigation
.@TGowdySC .@chuckschumer  is committing Treason & Espionage 4 plotting a coup to overthrow the President & the Gov As such must be charged
.@chuckschumer is part of a coup who's intent is to overthrow the President of the United States & bring harm to the shores of America
You so funny!  Hahaha
Impeach.@chuckschumer for Treason & Espionage for his participation in a coup to the overthrow the President of the United States
Oops.
Me too.   Too bad you're just praying and crying for votes.  #cryingchuckie
What a sad day for the military. Thoughts and prayers out to all the families effected by this tragedy.
Mr Schumer your staffs tweeter post on ur behalf are extracted from daily AP  feeds. Obvious not originated by ur hand.
Did you pray with your Kippah on, and did you cry fake tears or real ones? Is this as bad for you as Trump not letting in unvetted Muslims?
Isn't giving material (money) as obama did to Iran TREASON?
It was their own money (sanctions! )
You have never stood up for the police or service men and women before Why today you POS
How about actually doing something for their families instead of just "praying"?
you never cared about our vets you let Obama take 3 billion from them and give 5 billion to Syrian refugees
Heartbroken.
Maybe you should fund them better.
Schumer doesn't give a shit about this country.  He cares more for the dems and illegals.
Work in Senate to make sure military has generous funding for the safest equipment, standards for good training & safety checks #Mississippi
BTW, has our "commander in chief" made a public statement about this tragedy? I haven't seen/heard anything.
Schumer could care less about US service personnel. Phony.
Chucky you don't mean that. You never cared about them before. So what changed your mind
My prayers are with the military men and women and their families!!
so sad. prayers.
hey Chuck not blaming the republicans or trump for this.
All with love and sorrow in our hearts. RIP
You are a govt official. Please keep your public call 4 prayers to yourself. U might say, "We must honor our selfless..." etc. @alfranken
how about the police officer killed this week in your state.
Meanwhile, the actual president: "Democrats are big meanies and blocking my nominations! SO UNFAIR!".
Wrong place for that Alex don't you think?
My heart breaks for the loss of so many in such a tragic way.  My prayers and thoughts for their souls & for their families. Rest in peace.
AMERICA ELECTED PRESIDENT TRUMP! Do your damn job and stop obstructing the man WE elected!
thank you
Horrible crash. So many. Just so sorry to families for these stellar men & woman
As a mother of an Army vet. I can only imagine their pain prayers to the families thank you to all for their service
thx Chuck, but OUR DEMOCRACY is FAST BECOMING OBSOLETE. WHERE ARE ALL THE DEMS AND OUTRAGE of what is occurring???

#wethepeople know your fake tears go home chuckles @SenSchumer 

America is tired of your lies go home go to jail 
Do not pass go
Tragic so many men and women have given their lives for us so we can enjoy our freedoms.

We must always stand up for our service men and women and honor them for their courage and willingness to risk their lives for us .
Thoughts and prayers to all.
Morning Schmo is ignoring this story...still on Trump Jr
#POS
A tragedy! Praying for their families 
Thorough investigations needed !
No more motherhood statements , get to the bottom of this !
We aren't
Quit with your fake outrage.
Prayers to the family
