Is there anyone out there ( besides gov officials) that trusts insurance companies or anyone that speaks for them?
NO! to the healthcare bill.
Can We the Ppl sue GOP who've grossly failed their oaths & continue to waste our tax dollars chasing their extremist, unpractical ideology?
One of the biggest crook out their is Schumer himself....what he thinks and says means nothing to anyone...lock him up
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Mr.Schumer!!

Time 2 start working 4 America or retire!Tired of you & your Russia lie. 

@cnn and Dems out by 2018!
@tedcruz Has no care the amendent is unworkable.Cruz has top of the line healthcare paid by tax payers and Kickbacks from The Koch Brothers
This is our only choice #amazonforhealthcare.
Not brain surgery. Republicans have blinders on. Not saving Medicaid and no universal affordable coverage for all. Promise failed.
The only solution is #SinglePayer healthcare for all. Tear down the insurance companies' and pharmaceutical companies' greed.
1. It's the only solution to escalating healthcare costs - negotiated prices on all goods & services. Drugs, hospitals, medical supply.
Wrong. It is the only thing to regulate those costs.
what?
Sorry, I misread your post as opposing single-payer.
I can see how that can happen, there's so much opposition. There's a lot of misunderstanding of single payer, even among advocates. My 2nd
Representing Health Insurers? Aren't those the last people that we should care about? They need pressure and competition.
Monopolies are very profitable, unfortunately very bad for the patient/consumer. Imagine an #amazonforhealthcare.
Be damned the Insurers! We are not in the business to make them richers. Cruz is just what the Dr. Ordered! Otherwise it Socialized Medicine
health Insurance itself is the problem.  a healthcare market isnt a market when the patient making the purchase decision doesn't pay bill
This one's especially for @POTUS
Turn it up you freaky orange fool. So much winning. Amazing. Another non-victory.
Must LIFT THE MANDATES!
But they are okay with the super funded bailout portion of the bill I suppose?
Don't be alarmed ! On campaign trail Trump promised he'd fix it"Believe me"he said.Better cheaper healthcare,Where's ur plan now Donnie ?
Cruz, another Christian Fundamentalist doing his best to get to heaven.
If it cost less healthcare would be more achievable with any plan
The f'ing WSJ for God's sake.
Single payer is too easy for Gove to get out from under expense.  They could cull population w/unfortunate accident or bad batch of serum?
Whatever we do, can't accept single payer.  UK is single payer, they just lsot 2400 patients to aids tainted blood.  How does this happen?
Why should young, healthy people carry same insurance as people with serious conditions.  Catastrophic ins is not uncommon.
Cruz's incompetence is only equaled by his cruelty.
If those insisting it's "unworkable" have clean hands, listen.
Credibility & clean pockets matter. 
Stop paid Chaos ops. 
#StopTrafficking
Who funds the major associations?
Follow the money trail, but please put Americans 1st.
Take that Healthcare lobbyist money
Becuz when push comes to shove truth is Cruz isnt that bright
He is loving all the attention
Yes #insurance industry judgment on #Obamacare has been so sound up to now.
How has US managed 2 elect such dumb legislators I mean deep down ignorance not an original positive approach 2 governing amongst th bunch 
Curious to know what they propose instead? I want to see plan that AMA and insurers support.
ACA is not working. We need less gov. & lower taxes. Big gov. Is harming Americans & holding down Econ. growth. Free mkts. help U. S. AMAZON
if the health insurers & most Americans are against it, @SenateGOP, you might want to reconsider. Or we'll reconsider you in 2018.
Ted Cruz for all his hatered of government has little experience not being on a government payroll. Not surprised it doesn't work.
Sure major associations with health insurance say it's unworkable. It's because it cuts their profits when people pay less for insurance.
Listen to them Cruz!
Sure they say its unworkable. Doesn't line their pockets!
We single payer we just call it employer based HC. Which neither can afford. Take the burden off biz and wages go up. Make HC a pay deduct.
Medicaid as negotiators. All must accept it. private ins. can backfill. Amazon is proof u can create shareholders value on thin margins

Gee I wonder why
Could it be that maybe McConnell's bill is just a giant bailout for insurance companies, and the Cruz ammendment makes that more difficult?
Don't blame anyone but those who voted for trump
If they oppose it then I like it! Insurance and pharma companies control healthcare!
Cruz sucks!
The Cruz amendment will plunge a knife through the heart of small biz. Large employers should fear nothing. Small biz? The end is nigh....
They'll nvr get this done coz they all hv their own agenda plus lobbyist plus campaign funders. Politicians so corrupt. They dnt care abt us
#DumpCruz

When you've lost the insurance companies, maybe it's time to toss it in the trash.
Beneficiaries of ACA was health insurance companies. Keep limited coverage option & allow sale across state lines & cut  subsidies #ACAFraud
Can you check this out?
http://highschoolstat.blogspot.com/2017/07/what-is-common-core-doing-its-time-to.html?spref=tw …
Thanks!



Repeal #Obamacare. THEN start the #healthcare replacement debate here:  https://files.acrobat.com/a/preview/11996a07-db43-405a-a8bf-97b352b67c3e … Complicated = Corrupt.
