wow now I know you're in denial ! He's kept every promise to the American People !!! And Health Care is not his fault .
Oh, and Trump hasn't done shit yet.  Just filled the swamp up a whole lot more.
great English 
haha you show your true uneducated character go smash a window snowflake
Well educated is what you meant.  Wouldn't expect you to be smart enough to get that or anything else.
Fake account to spread propaganda. Her 8 followers are a clue. Not worth our time Brian
lol I just started on twitter what's your excuse shocker military wife and you're against Trump!!
he's done more in 64 days than Obama did in 8 yrs And would do even better if Dems didn't fight him at every turn .
Like what?
I could type you a huge list but I don't feel like it, you could just watch fox, listen to the President , watch the presidents speeches
he didn't break his promise and he's kept plenty of his promises it the dems and Repubs that can't get their shit together!!!!!
Republicans control all branches of government and still can't pass their stinky agenda, hilarious!
Dems should still be trying to help with legislation no wonder congress and senate have low approval rating!!
Umm i can think of another reason for that low approval rate its called #Trump
all of congress is lower than#Trump so it can't all be him
.@SenSchumer ACA is still available for ALL those who need it. Thankful.Grateful. Lead with new standard. Set tone. Rise up. Focus forward.
and what about the ones who lost it because the premium doubled and the can't afford it...o we will fine them gtfoh
They stop funding it so it can fail. So they scare people to vote for their tax break for the rich.
hard working people who have a job can't afford the insurance but we give it the people on welfare
The ACA reduced employer/employee premium cost also. But defunding it is what causing the problem.
seriously you can't see that we have a really big problem with healthcare in this country?
Yes, I agree there a big problem, but giving big tax breaks in the AHCA is not a fix.
get over themselves and find a fix for this mess. Obama care is a disaster.
our senators do not represent us Mr. Schumer, am I incorrect? Please respond
@BobLonsberry ....and you went from a hard working senator to a smuck.
The American people are with you Senator, we will continue to #resist
I really think he has the early stages of ailzeimers sadly for the US
it would be nice if you were more supportive of the president. Your lack of respect on Twitter is divisive and disappointing.
Because @POTUS really sets the tone for being nice & respectful. #nastywomen #BADHOMBRES #LittleMarco #LyingTed
Yep he set himself up to fail, the moral be nice to people otherwise u will get no where, just like Trump pumpy
Reply to @SenSchumer I've never seen a president who lied so often he can't remember all of the lies he's told!
You lie!
And quietly keep others such as immigrant raids in retaliation of sanctuary cities, tearing families apart & abandoning children
you sir are a joke and people will remember when you run for reelection
I am deeply concerned by the President's lack of respect for the separation of powers and our Constitution.
Do you believe that Donald Trump is earning the respect of our allies or other countries? This isn't about Obama it's about this ignorant WH
which promises exactly?
Every single promise he made about health care.
so 1 thing the republicans didn't get done.   What else?
please name one single thing tthey got done in the last decade. One.
quit changing your statement.
you are Dilusional.  Typical snowflake
You are the piece of shit here.
How about the promises you made to the people to run a govt. free from political party madness. You are about as bad as Reid was
He has broke zero. You are obstructing
what in the hell are you talking about. More has been accomplished in two months than in two years with Obama
Plus there's that whole collusion with Russia thing too.
you need to lay off the spirits
Trump told you FAR more lies about Trumpcare. It went against everything he promised. How do you feel about that?
Funny, cause it's still there!
Trumpcare failed today.
The public calls it Trumpcare. Sorry, Trump owns this failure.
@KoolaidUSA   Trump over estimated the number of stupid Americans
Even so, it's shocking how many there are.
Absolutely!
@_Hope2017 thank you, Senator Schumer for your leadership through these bizarre and scary days of the Administration
Thank you Senator for your hard work. However there should be no compromising/cooperating with Trump!
He never intended to keep them anyway
OMG r u serious?   You obviously hibernated for the last eight years. #GarbagePolitics from a #GarbagePolitician
or spend as much taxpayers money on weekend getaways. Democrats and your fellow republicans came together today for America
Please counter the narrative that obamacare is exploding. Provide some facts for people.
They stopped the funding to ACA so it fails on its own. So they can say, I told you so.
LOL liar! globalist shill
yes. Many of his voters let down.

like you wanted the AHCA to pass. Stop gloating. Its unstatesmanlike and beneath even you sir.
and please explain how the chief executive is in charge of writing legislation. Do you need a civics class?
AND HOW MANY UN-BORN CHILDREN HAVE BEEN KILLED JUST TODAY CHUCKY???????
How many born children would have died or starved to death under Republicrooks health care?
Very sad people you are. Keep going we need less liberals...
"if you like your plan.... if you like your doctor.... families will save $2500 per year...." sound familiar?
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman." Oh wait, wrong President. Sorry couldn't resist. Snarkiness is distasteful.
.@Andy23691 hello sir how are you
the fact that he wants ACA to fail says everything about him.
Right, he says the biggest losers are Pelosi etc...why didn't he say the American people if he thought it was so great
he never read it. Then he claimed it wasn’t great but phase 2 & 3 (from Price) were, he’s throwing Ryan under the bus
Guess it is a game to you. You care less about the struggles of middle class/income people. Just your backers
This so call healthcare bill is in reality a tax break bill. This is why it was a rushed bill to pass.
Yup. Not what is needed. Need plan to purchase Catastropic Plan W/O mandates for those who want
Yes, I agree. The mandates will eat up any cost savings.
Hearing Dems may compromise on Gorsuch-had better NOT! Americans will not be happy!
let's hope he keeps breaking those promises because they are very bad promises
Thank You @SenSchumer for you Leadership! You are all doing a Great Job! @SweeetSpot #TheResistance #TrumpFail #TrumpLies #ANTITRUMPMVMT
keep the pressure on Chuck. We are with you!
keep up the fight. We need every Dem blocking the lunatic fringe. I mean the GOP.
You will never have the power to affect our loyalty & support to POTUS. U are a weak delusional old man and a fool!
That's what happens when one lies as much as this President does. And/or is ignorant of the way government works.
You know Chuck; you are lying just like your fellow Democrat @NancyPelosi have been doing for your MASTER Obama. U R sad Chuck..
@mikefreemanNFL I guess you was sleeping the 1st day the last President was in office
But we can count on you.... right???
the temp in the WH does what his right-hand man tells him to do at any cost
can he get a little truck, for his desk, at least? 
keep up the good work....
Question.  Did Obama "win" when Democrats rammed Obamacare down our throats?  It destroyed their Party.  Trump won today.
#TrumpRussia
glad to see you've picked up @SenSanders cue with "working people", add  action to the words please
@ezlusztig How about all of the standards & laws he's broken?
Yea how about that, now where is that list of laws he broke.
our senators cheat us all the time, what do you say to that Mr. Schumer am I incorrect? Please respond
What a stupid comment Schumer! President has done so much to help the American people. He cares about safety of the US!
@Braveswyn They don't care because exactly what they expect is someone to save their asses Sit and Spin trumpsters 
What in the World are you talking about? You are absolutely out of touch with reality. @Therealbp65 @KevinBooker206
How about the $780 Billion in in "shovel ready" projects? That was a blatant lie.
You & Obama broke your promise. My health insurance costs went up. I didn't get the promised $2,500 savings. 1/2
your the joke!!
listen to yourself you sound like Nancy Pelosi
please tell me what promises he has broken in his6 weeks in office?
Nor a president lie as much as this one - even a rug lies less.
Chuck they only thing that is broke is the backbone of America because liberal democrats like you have crippled us with your BS
What about Obama you stooge.
well now you've lived to see it
he's the best promise breaker! Nobody breaks them better!
@McClain_on_NFL Chuck Schumer your crook just like rest of your cohorts in the Senate #termlimits #careerpolitician
And I've NEVER seen a mouth so full of  as yours.
60% now find him dishonest according to @Slate
It seams your Entire Agenda is aimed to Oppose President Trump. It makes you look spool Stupid Every Time!!
You tell him, Chuck!


poor chuck can't C straight! Nuclear is coming due 2 your diviseness and perhaps you should work for the American people 4 once
if the democrats would do something shit would get done
@Liberalyogi exactly! He must be blocked! SCOTUS should be blocked! Franken's qtns let us see he cares for business not people!
trump's alternative facts are only for his cronies and bank account. He only took the office to get richer
@BobLonsberry it's the non working people that are gonna have to worry once things start moving in the right direction.
@RenDog82 Thank you, Mr. Schumer. 
Why can't we speed this "get rid of him process along?" Why does it take so long..not like he had a mandate or ..
And thank God he has. Promises made by this man is poison to the masses
and trying to blame you and other democrats is appalling.
you are a Smuck! No worries you and all your lying left friends will be gone! Go Trump! Let's build that freakin wall!
u schumer. Your no f' in help go yourself 
@EveyBruce 
I think that honor goes to B Hussein
so are you happy you devisive old fool? You are a mean person who could care less about us. Y don't u go on Obamacare?????
And to think he's just getting started....
#INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION #NONPARTISAN  #TREASON #RESIST #IMPEACH/TRUMP/PENCE #NUNESSURROGATEOFTRUMP
gun turn dems into pussys!
Well YOUR NO HELP! UR  AN OBSTRUCTIONIST EVERY STEP OF THE,WAY SORRY I VOTED FOR U NOT NEXT TIME!
vengan a mi país, si sabremos de promesas incumplida
You realize you are in the minority right crying chuck? That wasn't an accident or due to Russia. Just an FYI .
Looks like he's going for the Guinness Book of Records.
you all lie
and it's only started.. scares me to death he's got to gooooo!!!
I've never seen a bigger moron then trump.
Honestly, I can't recall ever seeing any elected official try so hard to actually follow through on 'campaign promises.'
He is a liar and conman.
Trump only cares about himself and his billionaires!! PERIOD!!
@DesignO9 Sadly RW people actually TRUST&BELIEVE the LIAR STILL. The mentality is equivalent to 1939. How can 1 be so clueless?
@PrincessBravato  I can't believe this nightmare continues...
@itzaclareday Chuckie boy  your too much. Liberal, liberal, liberal
Clueless! You & congress continue to fail America. You have Ur golden HC plan & other benefits. Enough of this BS. Work together
And why is Nunes not arrested for interfering in a fed investigation? LOCK HIM UP check him out another Russian in the wh
These tweets Senator show your total lack of leadership. How about putting energy into working with Repub and stop obstructing
@WeArePissedOff THANK YOU FOR BEING A MODERN DAY HERO AND ROLE MODEL
do you mean his promise to repeal. I'm trying to understand what side your on?
*confession* @SenSchumer was inattentive or has no memory of the prior administration.
@ezlusztig Thank you Senator! I've never seen a man mooch off of the people for so long.
1
"The Art of Fail" & "END of Paul Ryan as a Speaker"! It's time for their followers to see these 1st of many Trump fails to come!
I am sure you have never failed at anything, you are my hero!
false!
but his followers tell him he's doing GREAT! 
Chuck, you lost. Me 30 years construction/Business. Give an absurd. Then sweep in with a much lower easier alternative. Plan A B
@mikefreemanNFL now this is funny, we just had one for 8 yrs that told lie after lie
Yeah, but those weren't his BIGLY promises.
He blames you. LOL>
now make sure the Reps don't undermine ACA any further. Hold them accountable  in public.
Trump is a liar. It's What he knows best.... lying.
Voting Trump in was a horrific mistake. Now we try 2 live w/the ridiculous programs he attempts 2 put on us.
Chuck your part of the problem, get back to work w/big bird

I'd say the fact that the @dccc isn't running ads today in R House districts taking credit for saving people's healthcare shows why Ds lose.
@natespuewell yet FOX reporting to his base that he is keeping "all" his promises so they have yet to c it. Thanks 4 saving AHC!
says the man who has done nothing in last 90 days
worst 60 days of any US president, ever.  Sad!
Has there ever been a Pres who has lied constantly & he & family using America as personal piggy bank & ties to Russia? Impeach
or lose credibility, falsely accuse others, and make our great nation more vulnerable
We Dems are LOVING you these days! Whip us Indivisible groups into a force for big change!
#45 , said “Folks , We’re gonna win Big, you’re gonna be sick of winning!!!!   The art of the no deal.
He's such a sham, didn't even write the Art of the Deal book.  Just takes credit.  And we can see he's no dealmaker
GOP Tax Reform Less Likely
#troll
But....but...BUT HER EMAILS!!!!
Go away. I hear your breath really stinks.  GO GET SCOPE.  Everyone talks about it.
At least he tries ! Do you whatever you can to avoid doing your job . Leave to a Dem to try to twist things .
But the sad thing is that his supporters don't get it. They just keep blindly following him.#resist #ImpeachTrump
Trump used the same tools a hypnotist uses. About half the people are able to be hypnotized. He knows how to...
Definitely a 2-month record, but more broken promises to come from @Potus
I knew Alzheimer's was real! Democratic Party is suffering from it. 2 Months in and already had Bill this close? Be scared. lol

@SpeakerRyan @POTUS "Doing big things is hard" 
-Big or small, nothing good thrives if not planted in justice and fed with charity 
I've never seen so much obstruction of a new president.  U & your party s/b ashamed of yourselves. . .pepl will remember!!!
Obama says hello
Fair enough, but Obama did nothing in 8 years to bring the real unemployment rate down from 22%. And neither did you.
Senator, no surprise, liars, lie
you're a damn liar chunky schumer
the dems and reps should all be fired no one does their job, the American people have been telling u for years. All worthless!
LIAR JUST ABSOLUTELY A LIAR!
Geez, I wish you hadn't said that. He just told Pence to hold his beer.
Kathy you are funny! Keep it up! 
Then you haven't been paying attention, swamp man.  Trump wants to help Americans, you want to continue to hurt them - swim out
