Bye bye Obamacare at some point.  Call Soros and you 2 can cry  together.  Biggest babies ever.  Soros and Schumer
Layout the plan for single payer and push it through. Then impeach this illegitimate potus.
Not in this lifetime! "We won! You Lost! Get Over It! Elections Have Consequences!
You're like a broken record!  Put a nickel on the needle and move on!    You call yourself a Christian? Bible thump you on the head?
Wow! How comical....a self righteous Liberal preaching about Love!
How comical...a hate filled,  "so-called" Christian preaching about anything!  Actually not comical at all.  Sickening!
Vote clean repeal and oppose the bailouts
@SenateGOP not everybody chooses ignorance!!  Just so u know we're watching and taking note
Senator, please do whatever is necessary to stop this travesty.
Get that word out. Unfortunately trump voters won't get it til the Repubs hut them directly. This bill may do it
they are not going to give up easily, they may be trying to wear down resistance, wait for apathy and make a real attempt to pass trumpcare
Sick of wimpy Dems http://wewillreplaceyou.org 
Stop this BS immediately, Dems are working 24hr non stop. Take your lies someplace else.
Uh, no thr not! The puny lame anncmnt ysrtrdy wz embrssg! Thr mssg wz Lower costs and better..somethinluv the guy bt Chuck S. Is trbl spkr!
You are useless Schumer, Obamacare is hurting the nation top to bottom, you know this yet you refuse to work on behalf of the ppl
And until you apologize to Hillary Clinton you can forget my monthly contribution.
He owes her & resisting Democrats a huge apology for discounting us to pander to Berniebrats.
Especially since the "resistance" is female and it's the Hillary Effect.
This isnt a game, its not about your party winning or losing its about helping ppl with jobs & affordable care if they choose it...
Let's just watch your plans in Obamacare fail miserably and choke our country to no end... Then who will have the last word?!
Say it with me Chuck: Radical Republican Terrorism. #TrumpCareKills #GOPKills #MitchMcMurderer
Really? Please god stop drinking the Liberal kool-aid! BTW: "We won! You Lost! Elections Have Consequences! GET OVER IT!
Just because you won dosnt mean you get to ruin our country. Checks and balances
My exact sentiments about Barrack HUSSEIN Obama and 8 years of divisiveness & class warfare!
Another "so-called" Christian spewing hate!  Sad!
How ironic....the liberals are the King of promoting Hate, Divisiveness, & Class Warfare and I get lectured.!?!?
Next up: $ sign tattoos on foreheads. 1/2 of 32M uninsured=too many. Most vulnerable needed help *before* ACA. GOP doesn't find them worthy?
And hold off getting sicker til hit the we where its too late and taxpayer will pay exaggerated bills that patients won't or can't. We pay.
We have an O'care bolster and fix plan ready to go, right? If not ACA fix, how about Sanders' single payer plan?
thanks for all you've been doing Chuck. The Obamacare has been my savior for me in Wisconsin, with a brain tumor.  I need t to continue care
Ok. How about you and the rest of the Dems live under Ocare, instead of your Cadillac insurance policies. You all are a disc race!
What continually shocks me is that the Business-backed party is determined to make potential customers as poor and as sick as possible  #GOP
These monsters have no regard for what they are doing to our families. Its beyond disturbing.
Yep, The Democrats are the cancer monsters who make people like you needlessly scared.  It really is very sad.
Considering they are cutting medicade I am worried,My family depends on it.  If the gop is so proud then present the entire bill.  #getREAL
First, learn to spell. Second, perhaps you should stop listening to lyin' @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi that don't know what truth is.
We are bihand you Schumacher 
Get some Brain Cancer from your friend from Arizona
@SenateGOP & @HouseGOP are epically despicable.  Their constituents have spoken; they haven't listened; they will be voted out.  In time.
Shows you are not willing to work across aisle, just an embarrassment!
Do not leave the Repubs unanswered--have to show we have a plan that will help folks!
sen. shumer--Dems must offer a full instead of amendment to shore up O'care and make it more affordable for the induvidual market--please!
Why is it partisan???? When, when will it be about WHAT IS RIGHT FOR THE COUNTRY?! I don't give a hoot about Political Parties.

#MotherFucker!
check your jacket at the because you will have less pockets to line with tax payer money
OBSTRUCTIONIST-Tell us why you want it to stay so bad? Why r the American people left in the dark, while THE BILLIONAIRES talk abt themslvs.
Speaking of secrets 
I DON'T WANT YOUR HEALTH CARE QUIT LYING AND FALSE CLAIMS PEOPLE WILL BE FORCED OFF I DO NOT WANT IT I WILL NOT CONTINUE IT I AM NOT FORCED
Really chuck, maybe it's time for you to say bye
NOT MUCH OF A SECRET BILL IF YOU KNOW ALL ABOUT IT STUPID
We don't want an amendment. We want singlepayer. We want medicare for all. Thry can Stick heir bill where they excrete, increase taxes on 1%
LIAR
Where is your alternate plan?
No initiative here either
Schumer you wouldn't agree to anything even if your mother wrote it. It's time for you to retire. Your angry,evil, pathetic NOBODY
What ever it going to be the politicians all should be made to be on it. So now go to work and earn your high pay.
If you were really interested in health care you would help fix it or repeal it totally. This bill was bad and that why you not on it.
Give em hell, Chuck.  And no recess!
We all know how opposed to secrets the democrats are, right Chuck?
Why do you continue not to tell the American people are the facts? 15 million people will choose not to insure. Liar liar pants on fire
We are in this mess because of the Democrats that I voted for and now I regret it! Do your job and fix this problem now! Quit lying 
And we are not happy that you are fighting against tromp! We want you to work with Trump and the GOP and get things done or get out
Keep letting us know
85% of us want #ACA ~make it stronger w/bipartisan cmte w/women this time. we elected you.to represent us. you're not. @SenateGOP @VP
Hillary Clinton is the real potus she didn't lose the election was stolen from her + from we the people fight to impeach and arrest dt now!
Do your job... Chucky ! All talk from a "do nothing" demised obstructionist Democratic Party !
If their is a secret bill how would you know.  No one trusts you.
It's heartening to see the Dems finally showing some guts. Now if you can only get Pelosi to get a clue. Personally, I want #SinglePayer
Don't bother trying to amend that one either. Let them try to pass a lousy bill that only has, what, 17% approval?
Translation: Democrats are going to do nothing to help the American people. Great leadership Chuck #hypocrite
Dems in worse shape ever, no leader, no standards, flip floppers. Maybe a reality show?
How long did it take you 2 come up w/that excuse? Democrats did nothing but hurt for 8 years. You sir R worthless & should be embarrassed.
JESUS
Surely we're not surprised that this is a farce & @SenateMajLdr is negotiating in bad faith? #healthcare #moralimperative #healthcareforall
Chucky  dems dont give a shit as long as you can penalize, you dont care that your bill fucking lies im sick of you saying how great aca is
democrats do nothing any way, just talk and incitements.
What r u going to do what Obamacare implodes??  This disaster is all on you dems!!!
Here again you are saying that a secret bill is going to do all this damage. HOW DO YOU KNOW IF ITS SECRET. STOP YOUR LYING CHUCKIE
Down with @potus and his family and gang of white collar goons.  No interest in improving lives of US citizens #swamp = @realDonaldTrump
If it secret how did you find out. You have spies or a key to his office?  More fake shit
Typical do nothing dummycrats Chuck the schmuck do something to help or get the hell out of the way
Dems need a list of must haves and must nots. The bottom line is that people WILL lose access under Repubs. Dems need the lowest #.
Let someone publically quiz U on Ocare, Chuck! Show R country what U know! All U want to do is obstruct @realDonaldTrump  at any cost!
U all didn't even READ Ocare B4 U voted for it! U REALLY think anyone with a functioning brain trusts U? U don't care about us!
We are trusting that you know what your doing I do not trust the GOP tricks- we need you all to fight hard for us! Don't get hoodwinked!
Blocked
Nothing the republicans offer will move the nation toward a better system.  It's not about healthcare, it's about profits and tax cuts
Maybe Dems should move for impeachment based on what we know so far. Don Jr gave you enough. We know there was collusion. What else u need?
Please reconsider this strategy. It makes no sense. You need to do everything possible to stop the repeal/replace train!
Thank you Matt. They are depending on the "people" of the Dem party to do the jobs of the ELECTED Dems. Dems need a LEADER....fast.
The whole f'ing Senate is a joke. You all should be ashamed of yourselves. Everyone of you are older than a bag of bones. Retire already!
Repeal,Repeal,Repeal! That is the only thing you need to concern yourself with. Stop the OBSTRUCTION!ﹰ
Good for you

Thank you for continuing to fight for the American people! We've got your back, Senator Schumer!
Well, GOOD for you.
Thank god someone is moving towards a solution. Of course there will be some pain in the transition  stagnation of ideas is not the answer !
Karma suckers !!
Thank you for fighting for us Senator Schumer!! I support you 100%!!

You're a real jerk, try working for those who elected you and not your ego

In 1946 we got the National Health Service Act.

In 1946 you got Donald Trump. 
Find time in ur day 2 IMPEACH!  Nixon's rolling over in grave says "seriously??"  Put country over parties & fundraising& IMPEACH NOW!
So you're not going to #Participate because you opponent might do something you don't like - though within the Rules? COWARDS! FIX IT!
Chuck why aren't Dems offering an alternate bill that strengthens ACA and making it public?
Why not? Each amendment is a statement of resistance. Silence is not the answer at this point. @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley

Good. And we're not going to stop calling, faxing, emailing, tweeting, and showing up. #KillTheBill #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
You know this, yet You. Do. Nothing!  We said that about Rethuglicans for 8 years, yet You. Do. NOTHING!

Thank you @SenateDems. We see you.
So much for your comments on wanting to work together and have the Rep bring all to the table @SenateGOP
Thanks @pamstucky. What's the view in WA?
Keep fighting the good fight @SenSchumer. The health of so many American people is hanging in the balance here. Baby still In the bathwater!
Too much secreting in what is supposed to be a representative form of government. So much wrong in Washington. Bullies around every corner.
either what 4am thurs or fri?
Go have sex with yourself. borrowed from movie "The Martian"
WERE SICK OF WIMPY DEMS! http://wewillreplaceyou.org 
Stop making excuses! Hire James Carville bck, at least he has a pulse hlp Uall with a SINGLE succinct msg! 20 we need this or thats nvr wrkd
Well Pelosi and DNC voted AGAINST medicare 4 all and min wage increase! TRAITORS!!!!
#AmericanPeople are being held hostage by a hostile take over of our democracy. Already used #unfit #POTUS to steal #SCOTUS Now #healthcare
What secret plan!? America prtty mch knws whts in it! And do you! Thts lame excuse to do nothing on ACA!
Correction...AND YOU DO TO!
The Dem party has sat on thr asses DOING NOTHING but waitg 4 trmp and Bill to implode! Wht if it dznt! And UALL hve no bkup plan! Then what!
#EvilMcTurtle do not betray 22 million Americans by taking away their health care.
I had a houseful Dems thos saw pathetic limpg talks cuz thy wrnt speeches! We all face palmd we were embarrassed 4 all of U! 2018 lost!
GAWD IF THIS IS ALL THEY GOT FOR US..were screwed!
Chuck! U ARE NOT the man to lead the charge 4us! U snd like U hv NO VISION! Ur luv ya bt ur a TERRIBLE speaker! & E.W. isnt mch btr! Im pnkd
PLEASE PLEASE get James Carville! Sme1 with a pulse to help you guys! U had 20 lousy ppl thr! We wer embrssd 4U and us! U gys cst us 2018!
C'MON! Tht Wimpy NO MSG 2 the base wth E.W. we'll lose 4sure if thts all Uguys got! The Daily Show and Fox made fun of U and rightly so!!

It's a terrible charade designed to feign a process. But the American people will not be so easily fooled.
Has Trump signed the Russian sanctions or is all this garbage lately to cover for the fact he won't?
What bill were you amending to begin with?
Stop deflecting- single payer now!
Please filibuster or do anything you can to stop this bill.
That's just what they want.
Just grow up and tell your friends to also. We'd be fired if we would act like our elected officials
Busy work?! Any proactive health changes pondered?
#RESIST
That is their plan all along.  No transparency, no debate, no hearing, no townhalls.  Dictatorship in action & Congress is complicit.
Which is probably evil beyond belief
UNITED DEMOCRATIC WALL - HOLD THE LINE. We the people of the Resistance are behind you. We are STRONGER TOGETHER & INDIVISIBLE!
Why haven't you charged Mitch for violating constitution? The senate is destroyed and this is autocracy
Stand your ground
are you going to talk about Debbie Wasserman Schultz? When ?
, because you say so right. please stop.
Shhhhh...  It's a secret. Crap, now everyone knows
Keep on doing what you do!
Ahh so continue obstructing like you've been doing, got it.  #cuckschumer #cuckyschumer.
Man you tweet all day long. Between crying on Sen. Floor and tweeting, do you see your family. Adjust your priorities and accept Trump.
Where are the Russian moneybags?
Thank you for fighting for us
Chucky, listen don't try to amend anything! Just go awayYou spout hate and division! But it's gotta hurt, no matter what you say Trump wins
Please stop crying and be part of the solution. I understand is part of being a Sorry DemocRAT.
Will it have a CBO score?
Pretty small minded and obstructionist Mr. Schumer.
Here's what I don't get. No one wants them to do this. So why are they working so hard on something no one wants?
We know the Dems will not do anything to help the American people shameful and will be gone each election bye bye
No Repeal.
Dumpy Corrupt Ryan McConnell Trumpy Pence
Democrats are not going to do anything anyway
But what's the message?
The Dems don't want to put up amendments to another secret bill until they know what's in it .
Start from scratch. Joint D/R debate; fresh bill that works to make the ACA better. We need the Heart of the ACA deal. Heal; not repeal.
It's a con. @GOP dont have a clue. Getting ideas from Dems. To call it their own.
Pass the bill then you can see it... #ringabell
This has to stop.  It is crazy.
Democrats should have never crammed ACA down our throats in the first place.  Now you want others to fix that dung pile.  Let it fail.
YOU STILL SUCK CHUCK
Chuckie, why are you removing all tweets that do not support you or your strategy...RESISTANCE & OBSTRUCTIONISM?
What they are doing is absolutely disgusting. Glad to know they will pay for it!
I need a copy of this picture to keep the hogs out of my yard.
Good. Stay strong on that vow. Boycott the SP charade tomorrow AM.
Turtle neck and Trump should hold hands and Leave the Washington  for good
@MariaTCardona @SenateMajLdr Are you sure it's not a double super secret bill? What a clown show the Democrats are putting on.
Remember: Scott Brown won Kennedys US Sen seat. Dropped Dems to 59. Dems changed the rules & passed ObamaFAIL n dark of nite. Go GOP
yeah why do your job
Can u respond on debbie wasserman schultz? Voters want to hear your response???
Chuckie your just jealous because it isn't your "secret bill" this time. Shame on you Mr Hypocrite.
Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture Cloture
Uh, this might be an outside issue, but why'd you spend the weekend throwing Hillary under the bus? (And it's not an outside issue.)
And why on earth do new ideas need to be secret.  Grow up Senators. Stop playing childish games with our country in your hands.
No sense in expending that kind of energy unnecessarily. McConnell would love nothing more than to disorient Dems. 
Hey, turtles have skills
They can shell-shock you! (That's what you meant, right?)
Har.
What does this mean? How are you prepping for next phase? What does resistance need to know in light of this? We appreciate updates.
Democrats aren't doing much of anything.
I just wish you go away. You have nothing productive to say. So shut up till you do. Worry about your own house.
Yes, enough of playing the GOP Lord Baelish agenda
Looks like the GOP can't save the Dems from their failed ObamaCare.
What secret bill? If it's secret how do you know? Answer please or are you just putting it out as bullshit?
We should all be afraid.  Very afraid.  This is all bs
Right... if you don't play the game my way, I'm taking my ball home and nobody can play.  Dumbocrats don't want to correct it.. what a joke!
Course you are not Sen Schumer...you are a distructionist. Not a obstructionist. You want the Union in upheaval! @potus @vp
How about just trying to fix something.
Dear Chuck,after spending 16 years searching for my abducted children my student loan interest increased 300%.Thats adding insult to injury.
@tahino1 @SenateMajLdr IMPEACH PRISON FOR ALL TRAITORS THIEVES. FREE GREAT COMPLETE HEALTHCARE DRUGS OPTICAL DENTAL  EVERYONE
Uncooperative
Hold the line!
