You and you're photo opts. You didn't give a crap when millions lost their healthcare due to Obamacare. Obama lied about keeping your policy
LOL...the left didn't say anything about the Illinois Unions taking money from medicaid recipients as a "fee" for being on public assistance
and how many drs accept medicare
Of course this little girl should be covered - but what about the millions who shouldn't - go take a picture w them Chuckles
Didn't you tell her that you and the DNC was responsible for her miserable Health Care that you push through with Obamacare?
Cut this. Can still go get treatment at . No worry can't garnish wages you can't legally earn in US.
Should have talked about Obamacare
Once you go behind the door, the results are yours. You were warned.
No one's losing Medicaid #fakenews #bettercare
Medicaid for kids? Really like trip? how is that getting paid for
So honored to meet with you!!! Thank you for working so hard to protect #Medicaid #SpeakNowForKids
Hey Chuckie baby what is Olivia going to do when Obama Care fails for everyone...Gee Pay 900.00 a month like me   How about you Chuckie Baby
The only thing you truly care about is keeping your cushy job and filling your pockets. Americans see the truth & soon Congress will change
Lovely watching people in the name of compassion walking right into the social medicine trap. Don't blame me when you get behind the door.
Don't need Medicaid!  NEED MEDICARE FOR ALL! Then don't need Medicaid, VA, free clinics, etc! 123 people die daily for lack of care! KIDS!
I am an RN & I feel for this family. U should have reassured them Medicaid for their family is not at risk. Instead, U exploited them. SHAME
No one is cutting Medicaid. Stop the lies.

The CBO found that cuts under the BCRA get even steeper from 2026 to 2036, rising from a 26% decrease to a 35% decrease.
Sure there are some who really need Medicaid, but there are tons of people who abuse the system. It needs to be fixed.
Where is the family that Medicaid paid for their birth and continued coverage, now that child is US citizen. #Medicaid #ICE (immi custom e
You only tried out the sob stories for political purposes. That is slimy, Chuck.
If you can't care for your kids, don't have them you freeloaders boo hoo

its enough that you put these familys out their but it wont work ..we all need to be treated the same and u dems only work for the poor ..
How about the importance of protecting fraudulent use of Medicaid no go take you're meds Nazi Fascist Democrat
yo Chuckle,  you look like Snidley Whiplash, also a cartoon character.
@chuckschumer Obamacare cut $761b from Medicare. Why did you want to harm senior citizens?
LYING LYING LYINH TO IMPLY MEDICAID WILL BE CUT FOR CHILDREN IT WILL NOT BE CUT  AND U KNOW OT JUST CREATING LIES AND FEAR MONGERING
Put simply, Trump bribed w/ lies like promising cookies for all if voted him in, but now, not only no cookies but also taking away existing.
Unconscionable how u exploit people w/ specialneeds to distort the truth & hold onto the nightmare that is obamaScare w/ ur cold-dead hands
Beautiful. Thanks for continuing the fight, Chuck Schumer.
Loretta Lynch, John Kerry, Jay Johnson and Bill and Hillary Clinton Russian / Connection
Magnitsky
Who pays for that??
I ask again Mr Schumer are you on Obama care? Yes or No!
Your doing the same thing your complaining about that the Republicans do. How do you sleep at night.  Are you a terrorist?
Keep blocking nominees. Watch your back Chuck.
How nice.
So you'll confirm nominees faster if you get your way on healthcare? This isn't going to end well for you.
You mean for the kids that lost their needed coverage under ACA when it got to high for families to afford?   Should have thought about them
Just spit-balling here but I think there is a DIRECT correlation betw ObamaNOcare & the opiod crisis. This plan handed out opiods like candy
Stop telling lies,u know medicaid is in the bill. Unlike u say on tv u need to do for the PEOPLE not ur self nor ur party, but 4 the people
You Democrats are anti Americans and lie to America!!!
What about the kid from the UK who they won't let come here for treatment, socialism, why don't you leave this country.
Disgusting using tragedy to seem nice. We know you don't care.
you make me gag schumer..
Please do ur best along w/Dems to continue to help Olivia and all kids who need help - from a long-time Mamaroneck resident!
With 110 Billion Dollars of Medicare and Medicaid being Abused in Fraud by Career Politicians it's Time for TERM LIMITS 
Resign Meatball
Maybe Olivia can get a job to pay for healthcare
STOP THE BS! NOBODY is going 2takeaway Medicaid from Olivia or any other American child in need! @SenSchumer IS ALWAYS USING THE VULNERABLE!
Chuck Schumer, jealous little boy, instructor, time wasting fool. If you want to do something good, how about you work for a change.
Not instructor but obstructor.
The fact is u only want o'care to stay knowing it's destroying the lives n wallets of Americans.
And I can't believe u are blocking the confirmation of deputy director it's pathetic..do ur job & stop blocking the GOP picks! It's petty!!

Because!
Hey Chucky    We're going to give you back Obama care and you can fix the mess you made
Medicaid is for children just like these. And this will not change. Those able to work should not be on Medicaid. misleading #LyingSch
Chucky use what energy you have work with trump and our country. Americans sick on how both sides can't work together dems won't work. Why
Thank you- can you caucus the @SenateDems to denounce the Cruz Amendment being scored by hyperpartison @HHSGov instead of CBO
This is what actuaries said about dividing the market into two pools as proposed by Cruz
And this is how many children will lose coverage under Trumpcare b/c of cuts to Medicaid. *4 million*.
Actually the Senate bill cuts Medicaid for all groups.
Actually Medicaid isn't cut, it's ADDITIONAL funding is slowed down. What exists in Medicaid stays.
I've been working and paying for my own insurance for years, not the peoples job to pay for others who won't work.
We  live in a society where those in power take advantage of people while pretending to help. Politicians  use us  as pawns. wake up all
Then get off your ass, stop obstructing, stop Russia witch hunt, and work WITH republicans. Novel concept for an obstructionist, I know
And today u pander as a fool.
Shame on you using this poor family to move your black agenda the end of the day yku don't really care about them true
Taking advantage of children for a political optic is low, even for you! Do you sleep at night?  What a partisan hack & hypocrite!
Your welcome either way you were gonna be a taxpayer problem
Should read "Yesterday,  I trotted out this poor, sick girl as a political prop."  Disgraceful!
@Lawrence I'm coming around to: Obamacare is in trouble-let them pass their damn bill & own it rather than not fix anythng and say we tried.

Great! You actually had time for a constituent. That's why we missed your garbage Tweets. Keep up the good work.
Tell her to lay her own way and quit freeloading
If you don't support Medicaid, you aren't pro-life. Simple as that.
One can support Medicaid but not support the expansion. Furthermore one has nothing to do with the other. Smh
Is this what you do with a 23% approval rating?
You know these are not the people that would be effected on Medicare. Quit lying and scaring people!
Ok good boy do you want a cookie 
Did you tweet any of this stuff when Obama was failing
Do you just have a closet filled with families to make your points #CryingChuckSchumer
Do you really think no one will have Medicaid? We in NY pay you to be a senator for NEW YORK, not to obstruct the presidency.
Continue To Call Schumer! Work With POTUS For America!
How about taking pay cut to help pay for it?
Bernie was right.
I don't think you can speak ethically to the issue since you've not read the current bill as has none of your colleagues. We distrust you.
Government will never control my heart or mind.
GOOD OR BAD: will congress have same health benefits as rest of Americans? THAT would be fair & equal.
I & 17 others have written 95 health care stories and requests for Ams to BCRA on many situations. We have photos 2.
So get to the table and speak by action not words.
Heck man, your somebody of importance.  Locked doors aren't much of a barrier. Knock and they may let you in.
The truth is he doesn't care about us & has no interest in addressing failing OBAMACARE.  It's all about politics and party for him. Smh
Quite lying to them does not take away there care. U just doing ur Chicken Little thing. world will come to an end if Obamacare goes away
I have sympathy for this woman and her kids,  but you have used Medicaid to play with the numbers...shame in you!
AMERICA SENATOR SCHUMER GOING TO WHITE HOUSE ASKING PRESIDENT TRUMP TO FORGIVE HIM HE DON,T KNOW WHAT THE HELL HE DOING ,
Obstruction!
I don't think you give a damn about that child or her family.  Soros bought troll. You have no shame and should be whipped out of government
SCHUMER IS JUST PLAYING HIS FOOLS FOR VOTES!   JUST PART OF HIS GAME.   A SYMPATHY PICTURE FOR THE SYMPATHY VOTE.
Fear tactics don't work on America anymore chuckie Cause the truth is the GOP plan will not affect this person or people like her
Your problem is rooted here Chucky...please save tax dollars and report abuse https://www.cms.gov/Medicare-Medicaid-Coordination/Fraud-Prevention/FraudAbuseforConsumers/Report_Fraud_and_Suspected_Fraud.html …
A GO TO WHITE HOUSE APOLOGIZE FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP TELL YOU ARE SORRY DON,T KNOW WHAT YOU DOING SENATOR ,
Thank you, Chuck. You have always been there for us no matter what the issue. Olivia and her lovely family have a strong in you.
Too bad he is using them as a political pawn to manipulate. He has DONE  NOTHING to address the problem other than OBSTRUCT and LIE.
WHAT IMPORTANCE THING SENATOR ?AS FAR IS WE KNOW DEMOCRATIC PARTY FINISHED FOR ANOTHER 25 YEARS

Work With POTUS! Hillary Lost!
No one believes you politicians care, we know you serve corporations that donate to your campaigns not citizens
WHAT IMPORTANCE THING YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT ? IMPEACHING OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP AGAIN SENATOR ?
You think Trump cares about children? C'mon Chuck.
Yes h does, way more the lying CHUCKY CHEESE!
Don't forget to tell her that I'm paying for her health care now since my costs have tripped prior 2 Obamacrap 
Thank you @TheDemocrats
That's how insurance works, cuz. If you get sick others will pay for you.
I shouldn't pay for maternity care as a man
I'd ask if you were anti-humanity but I already know that answer. Ever helped create a kid? Know a guy who did?
No they don't. Any bill the fed gov passes will be bad for American people.
No... There were many good bills.  Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, GI Bill, Civil Rights, Consumer Protections... This bill is is crap.
Medicare is a mess, medicaid the same. No one would choose either if they had a choice.
If they had a choice is the key point here.  Many elders and kids desperately need it a lot more than the ultra rich need tax breaks.
The Constitution does not give the fed gov the right to redistribute $. And the "rich" pay 85-90 of the taxes. So any tax break has to go
The rich are given many tax shelters and advantages most never know or see.  They would never be as rich if they didn't.
And the Washington swamp, Dems and rep alike, have aloud this.
