Congrats to Kirssy but all #DREAMers are young Americans that deserve to stay here regardless of extraordinary ability. #DREAMersAreAmerican
The average age of dreamer is 24 that not a child and that not young
No one said they were children but they are young people! The average age of their entry to the US is 6.5 yrs according to @AJEnglish
Why havent they got citizenship i got mine? Its been over decade Sorry deport all come back legal. I came legally
There has never been a path to citizenship for these folks. Deporting them to an unfamiliar country would be inhumane
in other words excuses.....i came legally so should everyone its not fair to people in my shoes
I am a foreigner willing to pay US$100,000 for a green card and sign not to apply any welfare
After a heavy vetting, that may have possibilities.
will wait
why didnt you pass legisaltion then to keep her safe?
Did you cry??
Does she have student loan debt?
What's the point Chuck
so what your saying is i have to educate my children and the rest of the worlds children as well? We can't afford it!!
democratic don't care about American people
If she is 4.0 then she knew, she must apply to become a citizen.
She ought to be able how to figure out coming here legally then, after she's deported. JS
Did you cry?
Obama’s DACA program was a clear abuse of executive power.
Don't blame Trump
Blame Obama, he knows he was wrong
1 out of 800,000
So what..
There are just as many examples of bad apples & criminals, so quit with the touchy-feely stories.
Blah blah blah. Tick tock old Chuckie boy
so.  Her parents need to pay the substantial green card fee for her so she can get a job & pay U.S taxes.
It's called a tax ID where you pay taxes just like a citizen and work on towards becoming legal! That's doing it right. Do so research!
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A MEDAL-CHUCKY
So what, smart and still illegal. I guess she learned that Undocumented is not another word for illegal
She doesnt need help to fill them out. She is smart and has proven more than anyone.
Her classes were all in SPANISH!!
My family came legally. Why are they different?

So why has she not applied for citizenship all these years!
Chuckie the RULE OF LAW TRUMPS illegal immigration. And you're a lawmaker? More like a lawbreaker
Dude, stop your crying about this. It's congress' job to pass the law. So get to work and stop bitching. This is exactly whats wrong with DC
She should be able to stay
Wonderful!  She obviously has the intelligence to become a citizen! Congratulations
But this "DREAMER" doesn't concern you in the least  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/mar/20/suspect-top-model-killing-approved-obamy-amnesty/ … via @washtimes
Which Chuck should I believe here?
What did you say Chuck. More anti Trump bs?
Wish my kids could have gotten it but they are still paying off loans. And guess what they were dreamers too only problem they are US born
Gotta love that free education CHUCKIE
ANTIFA can help
From what US citizen did she steal that Role? Her presence in this country is outside of US law.  And U of Mexico lost a native scholar.
And took the spot from a legal American.
so get to work, pass a bill.
That's good she is smart so she should have became a citizen years ago
That is my experience, also, with educating these driven young people.
so  what! stay off TV and get to work to solve the problem
Nobody said they were stupid, just illegal.
Isn't this just defending a merit-based immigration policy? If she had a 2.0 GPA would she be less worthy to remain? All Dreamers are worthy
Great.  What about Kate Steinle?  Did you ask her?
And in sll those years you haven't presented a law to gix DACA & make it a law. All you have done is talk & fundraiser.
Stealing Education from American kids is cruel
Did you discuss with her what the first D means in DACA?
But have you ever spoken with Kate Steinle's family?
LOTS OF AMERICANS WITH THAT SCORE.
This year it's pleas for Dreamers, if U allow DACA to stay, those same people will vote against U, to open border & allow extended family 2!
Story upon story, glorifying illegal kids raised on your taxes.  Sit in schools U built 4 your kids, while their parents dodge taxes, & reap
My 2 sons have the wrong color skin to get their college paid for. And also they're USA citizens. Strike 2 against them.
Good for her. Who paid her tuition?
You speak & say nothing of consequence, u r a typical Democrat all noise &  full of hot air.  When are u retiring, term limits r needed
Did you tell her you had supermajority+WH and didn't bother to help her? You're a #Fraud
Yes illegals are better than Americans.  We get it.
What about the other ones that are rapists, murderers, or on welfare, Chuckie?
Her home country will welcome her back with all her new skills and knowledge to assist their students to make their own country great again.
@SenSchumer, how can we help these Dreamers pay the $495 to renew their green cards? Any ideas? It's always about money, isn't it?
Congrats to #DREAMer Kirssy. You let her down when you didn't properly & legally address this issue under @BarackObama. Don't blame @POTUS
Well goody for you. You want a cookie?
Well, by ALL means, let's just suspend all immigration laws. This one case has convinced me. 
Exciting chuck a future democratic voter what about the gang members that are dreamers
Did she receive govt subsidies?  Just a honest question.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTING AND DO YOUR JOB CHUCK!!

WE THE PEOPLE ARE WAITING AND WAITING AND WAITING!!
#MAGA!
Who paid the tuition? Her or tax dollars? Valid question.
Thanks, useless anecdote. Shall we line up all the "dreamers" who commit crimes?
By definition, DACA recipients cannot have felony convictions.
Paid for by American taxes
The best thing we can do to help Mexico is to send the smart ones back so they can improve their native country. It's a brain drain on them
Senator, this is all well and good. Why don't u get the house to legislate and make DACA a decent law. All talk !
A valedictorian who is also a criminal....great.
KIRSSY MARTINEZ WOULD SERVE HER BIRTH COUNTRY BETTER RETURNING AND HELPING OUT.????
While tax paying Americans gave their hard earned monies to get her there ...stop your voter campaign & go back to work for those who pay U
So what, what about r families that fought to become legal and legislature statement no more amnesty and 2006 u were going to write new law

So she's smart enough to know she's not a us citizen.
has she applied for citizenship? I sure hope so!
DACA recipients are not eligible to apply for citizenship.
well that needs to change! What a shame
Believe me - we agree. It's important that we all understand what the constraints are on these kids before we say "why don't they just"
And that's not a shot at you. I've literally written the same tweet eleventy times today.
Did I speak to any who r sucking our economy dry.
Fix the law, stop dividing us, we must fix OUR country, we must have laws to check people out before they get here
Fine & Dandy BUT What About the #DREAMers Who R Homeless The Ones Legally In #USConstitutional Dem Lawlessness #ThursdayThoughts #DACA
So she wasnt dumb??  Your point??  Tslk to Congress instead n do what You are supposed to be doing !!
Dreamers don't have to be perfect or the best at everything. You have a sleazy racist thug grifter in the WH, @GOP that sits silent on Putin
Exactly. They don't have to be perfect, just LEGAL.
Support legal immigration chuckles not illegal.
If DACA isn't reinstated by congress, how many votes do the Dems potentially lose?

So
Educated and very employable...

This is likely why so many self-identified "deplorables" are complaining.
She also came here at age 14, so stop with the "this is the only home they have ever known.  Lived longer in country of citizenship than USA
SEN SCHUMER STANDS WITH HIS DONORS AND CORPORATIONS WHO USE CHEAP FOREIGN LABOR. HE IS BOUGHT AND PAID FOR BY UNIONS.
I bet she'll do great things and Make Mexico Great Again !!#
Do Dreamers remind you of John Lennon's lyrics? "You may say I'm a Dreamer
But I'm not the only one."
How sweet!  Did you provide her with Citizenship Forms and help her complete them?
You do realize there was no path to citizenship for her right?
great, now head over 2 Buffalo where a United States Citizen didn't get in 2 the college of their DREAMS because preference given to illegal
CHUCK SCHUMER FAVORS UNCONSTITUTIONAL #DACA PROGRAM OVER OUR FOUNDING FATHERS DOCUMENT - HE STANDS WITH FOREIGN NATIONALS NOT YOU OR ME.
Yes & some DACA are criminal illegals & MS-13 gangs. DACA needs to leave, get legal & come back as US citizens.
and these ???
Yay! Anecdotal evidence to keep breaking the law and disregarding the constitution. 

CHUCK SCHUMER DOESN'T THINK AMERICANS HAVE DREAMS OR RIGHTS.  HE WANTS TO PROTECT CHEAP FOREIGN LABOR FOR @TWITTER @FACEBOOK


I'M A TECH WORKER IN RALEIGH DURHAM OUT OF WORK FOR THE PAST 8 MONTHS.  SEN SCHUMER CARES MORE ABOUT ILLEGAL ALIENS THAN AMERICANS LIKE ME.

