You really think you will be viewed as legitimate?   Patronizing!
Chuck...can't read your tweet. I'm an America living in USA.English still our language.
We show be using English unless you are pandering.
When will we hear you tell congress that they shouldn't take subsidies meant for those at poverty level? Your paid handsomely 4 nothing.
You know we live in America and English is our first language quit sucking up to the minorities
Su "Mejor Trato" es una farza que no incluye nada nuevo.  Es una duplicacion de lo que el Presidente Trump esta haciendo.
Senator, I have never heard you speak Spanish before?  A bit strange, feeling ok?
Hahahahahahah pander harder Chuck 
America this racist bigot self serving political hack hypocrite must go Vote him & all the dog dems out in 2018 Save ur children & America
English is the Founding Fathers' designated language for America.
Yo no comprende. Muchos tacos, Señor! Piso mojado.
Acusación! Works also!
This is USA speak English. Stop you cultural appropriation.
please resign now chuck
English only clown 
Pandering again
We speak English in America lefty
Speak the language of the land ENGLISH!!!!!!!!!!!!?
Speak English! This is America!
never heard you say so much as si in spanish, but now you write spanish? Thank your staffer or Google translate. Pandering
Here we go with the 3rd-world language crap again. But we know you have a lot of illegal alien constituents who vote for you.
Senator, if you're American then speak English. It's our national language. You're just too much. Speak English or get out!
We're impressed but English the language of this great country.
Can Schumer communicate in non-Marxist English or is he undergoing a procedure to become a transmigrant?
We speak English.   Go to Mexico chuck butt!
OMG what a loser! Google translate? 
you spout off about American jobs, American wages yet you tweet in Spanish? ENGLISH is the offical language of America! Use it! #MAGA
Speak English you vote buying 
You want votes or you put illegals first & not Americans
SCH viene a trabajar con el triunfo del Presidente. Bienvenido a América permite hacer América gran otra vez. #Tren deTrump
I don't understand.
Again Chucky speak English. That's rude that you don't but we Americans know you ignorant. Why must we have a senator that thinks he's it
Hey Cabron , nobody believes that Democrats support the middle/working class. The Democratic Party is a $$$ parasite to the middle class.
You must have forgotten you live in the USA. #SpeakEnglish
Sounds like charlie brown .charlie brown makes more sense than this bozo
This is America--speak English!!
Just In: Schumer speaks Spanish.   "I hosed Americans on healthcare but just saved a taco full of money on auto insurance w GEICO"
Speak English you fool!
Eres una broma! 
English Chuckles!
Too much taxation without proper representation read the founding fathers documents which you all ignore
By the way this is America we're all supposed to be equal which means taxation should be equal.
All of you people in Congress set up the tax code so if companies are being rewarded for sending jobs overseas you guys did it
Time to fix that but good luck with Mr. Businessman at the helm. Profits above country.
No comprende
I think you need to pass a bill that makes English our official language.
And just who has been in charge for the past 8 years? Let me help you - Democrats!
I speak English and find it racist that you would exclude me from this tweet. Guess the door only swings one way. Pathetic.
My immigrant family learned to speak English, not much pandering to the Portuguese 
alcahuete
alcahuete
alcahuete
alcahuete
More pandering
This is AMERICA speak english
I guess this is for the sanctuary citys?
Di di moa
Politicians are  fraud. You watched our  jobs moved overseas and did nothing for 8yrs  cos u guys made money from i Stop lying to people
Estoy de acuerdo contigo.
Same too ya
You're such a panderer it's painful. From a Puerto Rican NYer, it's pathetic
I don't understand Russian. Stop talking to Putin. You know that Nancy would be very upset with you.
Here he goes again, pandering to his voter base. Chuckie, you can do better than that. Look at his history, he's no champion of the people.
Speaking to the illegals in NY?
Open borders support companies who don't want to pay Americans a higher wage.  You're in favor of open borders, so stop playing.
You and your buddies wrote that code! Jerkoff!!
This is America, speak English please!
Hey @SenSchumer press 1 your in 4america 

Vote your #criminal party home or prison or

 institution they are all nut cases
Naranja
English please! USA
Just keep pushing GOP platform!
How coy of you, senator.
So now u can only immigrate to US if u hv special talents & speak English. DT woulda been denied access based on this criteria.
Hopefully YES.
This should not be a priority.  There are so many more important things.  This is so embarrassing.
Spanish doesn’t change the deception… it is a copy of what we are doing already… JUST AGREE WITH TRUMP!!!
hey Chuck this is in spanish i didnt know you could speak it but Margaret and i are impressed we always follow your press conferences
gringo
Lol. Democrats are pandering to foreigners to come to our country and vote illegally.
