It makes sense that we will have a choice of coverage plans so we aren't paying for things we DON'T want or if we want no ins at all.
So if you decide you don't want insurance & wrap your car around a tree, do we just let you die? #ACA
That would be my choice, not the government. They are responsible for the inflated medical costs.
Btw, I have cancer, without insurance or cash payment in full I get zero cancer care #ACA
Interesting b/c whenever the charges are too high, the doctor is more than willing to put me on a payment plan rather than get no payment.
Chemo drugs need to be paid for, no payment plan for those & they would bankrupt many #ACA
How's the ACA working for you??
I pay 10K a yr at work for insurance but #ACA means no annual caps or lifetime limits on my care
If you wreck you car, can you buy a policy and expect the insurance company to cover it?
I've had insurance for decades, I also have cancer & will be uninsurable once I am too sick to work #ACA
I'm sorry you are facing that.
Does any know of a plan that would help a person in Jean's situation?
No worries, if I become uninsurable, no bankruptcy, I opt for death with dignity #ACA
I thought Massachusetts had a single payer healthcare system.
I'll see an MD in CA (pay him in cash) get RX for 90 Seconal & anti nausea meds & my pain will be over in less than an hour. No worries #ACA
You are a very strong person.  I will keep you in my prayers.
If it makes it cheaper for a younger healthy person, why not??? It should be personal decision, not gov't decision!
You won't always be young & good health can vanish in the blink of an eye #ACA
I should be able to choose what insurance plan works best for me, not the government!  And since I am near 50, I know what is best for me!
Good for you! Glad you get to choose. I get to chose between overdose, blowing my brains out or dying in agony from cancer #ACA
Chuuuuuck chuck chuck. They simply don't want anything remotely connected to the black guy's work. REGARDLESS OF THE PERIL TO THE CITIZENS
Why is that einstein?  Seems someone who doesn't have a preexisting condition want to buy a policy that doesn't cover preexisting conditions
YOU absolutely KNOW that is a bald faced lie. Trump said over and over it will. I believe him over a liar like you any day
It's clear you have not read the current bill and I suggest you do before you tweet incorrect information.
What about caps? Waiting 2 mos. if you change Ins. bc of pre existing conditions?  After reading the bill its worse. Not to mention Cruz Amd
Anytime I changed jobs I had to wait a year to be covered on my preexisting. 2 months if you change is minor.
ACA covers preexisting so you wouldnt have to wait.  Agree that ACA needs repairs tho.
Haven't had insurance since Obama. 
All legislators have failed the American people by putting politics before the people!
Gotta Fix access for sure. Should be motivation to get politicians to put ppl first. ACA better than before. Don't go back go forward.
I want to go forward in a smarter manner and without forcing folks and tax penalties. They have to little money 3 grand stolen & no medical.
Why should we all have to pay more if we have NO pre-existing conditions?
Do you buy homeowners insurance after the fire has burned it down? NO, & if you Dims insist on this mandate our premiums will NEVER go down
you didn't even see Obamacare. Hello. You didn't even know what was in it. A disgrace
You tell 'em Chuck!
It also makes no sense that even you who defends human rights-abusing #Israel at every turn would cosponsor bill punishing free speech #BDS
So let it fail!  Stop begging repubs to help you fix it.  Why you cryin chucky?
SCHMUCKELS THINKS HE WON SOMETHING. YOU WIN OBAMA'S AMIGOCARE
It makes no sense to me that the Democrats passed a bill making health insurance unaffordable for the middle class.
#IdiotDemocrats
How did obstruction occur when Dems were blocked from participation in creating bill.  Remember @SenateMajLdr threatened 2 get  Dem help 2/2

I think MM wanted to show the trump base that he tried and it was the Ds fault. What MM didn't count on was a revolt in his own party
WHY are you so confused..OBcare did the same thing>>>>>SELECTIVE AMNESIA ?????
Are they insuring cars or human beings?
DO YOU CARRY  OBAMA CARE? Don't think so, you are rich and powerful # Obama Care sucks
You,D's,&Pelosi are Dr.Frankensteins who love your creation so much,you'll save your monster despite the destruction your monster inflicts
If that's what people want to buy then they should be able to. It's not up to you to decide what they need.
That's a lie, it will cover pre-existing conditions.
@SenSchumer Please work with the GOP and do your job for the American people.  Find ways to compromise and stop pushing the blame.
When does the GOP do anything sensible for the American people? It's always all about money
Always? Really?
Yes.
Yes,, 'ALWAYS' !
Mr. Hubble, nice of you to engage with 1chicken, I'm not that generous. Waste of my time. You are a good man.
Because you have no answer for your BS statement. Kindness matters but so does honesty.
They're apparently hoping we won't notice!
GOP following Trump lead: Trump University that doesn't teach; Trump products not made in America and/or by Americans
Sound like you have a firm grasp of the American business model. Now study government, peace.
Is this a Tricle-Down suggestion? As in make America just like Kansas?
Who the hell lives in Kansas
It makes no sense that you think we need Government to wipe our butts.  Oh wait Liberals do.  #RepealObamacare
That is the whole problem YOU SHOULD ONLY BUY WHAT YOU NEED AND COSTS MUCH LESS FOR EACH PERSON
What if I don't have any?
You said from day 1 publicly u would NOT work with this President. So STOP u r lies
Forcing an insurance company to cover pre-existing conditions is like forcing them to write a homeowners policy after a fire.
Satisfactory. Would be curious to see how many politicians would give up preexisting conditions coverage
But what if you don't NEED maternity coverage? Why should I pay for it?
Let individuals form and negotiate as groups and #preexistingconditions problem goes away. Just admit you  single-payer model socialist
Mr Schumer are you on Obama Care? How much do you pay? Zero!!!!!!
No what dosnt make sense is many insured dont have providrs iwhere they live They are paying for nothing becz Ocare drove so many out of biz
STOP UR OBSTRUCTING & stop fk'n around with our healthcare! The "existing system" is shit! We don't want it! 
 #MAGA or #GTFO of the way!
I'm a pre existing person and I'm not dumb enough to think you or anyone of your fake cronies have my best interests at heart
Why did you allow Obama care in the first place? Just give us the same health care plan that you have!Hypocrite!
It makes less sense for government to force insurers to cover #preexistingconditions in all policies. Americans need choices not mandates.
GOP R GOING AFTER THE POOR MINORITIES & DIDN'T KNOW WHITE PEOPLE POOR TOO.
"Having insurance companies to raise health care 70 to 80% makes no sense"!
People should be able to buy the policies that they want. If Obamacare is so good why don't you enroll? You know it sucks!
Insurance companies have never covered preexisting conditions for over 100 years.  Raised premiums out the roof for everyone
Ppl can choose to buy a policy that does cover pre-existing. The policies w/o pre-exist wld b less expensive therefore better for majority.
Just maybe trying to simplify the healthcare problem. With forethought and anticipation of revisiting when Dems win AGAIN.
I got a great deal on car insurance. But it only covers the front bumper...
I think Ocare is just a life-ring,But the Tcare d better b a corner-stone. Hope the bipartisan cooperation may truly support MAGA &
a recovering world. @NancyPelosi @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @billclinton @TheBushCenter @SpeakerRyan
Sure it does, if the individual doesn't need it & they CHOOSE, the individual chooses not the government.  It's called free market, try it!
The insurance companies said they would not do that.
and no repeal cuz current plan is working ask us elderly and low income and the govs.of states that use medicaid to supplement
Use this extensively in the 2018 elections
Like the ACA sells stupid plans that have deductibles and coverage that makes them unusable. What are you protecting? #YouDoNothing
Eliminate Ins. Co's. !  Wallaaaah !   Too Simple ?  No !  Not. Really !  Think about it ! Do we need to pay $2500 for a $1000 broken arm ?
Tell me where elementing1the ACA elimates ìnsurance?
Lies.....they did not say that. Want to sell w/o all the crap you guys put on. IE..Maternity, child glass, child dental, prenatal, etc
Most in 50s  + don't need or want. You guys put in to make insurance companies $s they expect not to pay. From 8 to15b$ profit + since 2015
It's not about healthcare, it's about having a bill that can pass Congress that will cut the taxes of the donor class.
Yes,,, It's a TAX BILL' that is disguised as a Health bill !
Liar. That is how it was before Obama care. Dems just can't stand the idea of Obama care being repealed.
You just don't get it.
It made no sense for you to pass the Inaffordable Care Act!
They don't get it!!
It is time for YOU and the rest of the incompetent morons ( rep and Dems) to hit the road? None of you are serving the people YOUR JOB!!!!
why even call it insurance?
Ins. Is a dirty word. We need to get rid of them. That waould save 80% right off the top. Think about it !
It does when you realize that GOP stands for Get On the Payroll...
If a person does not have a pre-existing condition why pay for a plan that has that expense.  Let people decide what they need!
Why?  If people don't have a pre-existing condition, why should they be forced to pay for it?  THAT is what makes no sense.
No exclusions
No AC@ Repeal.
Pay up stop sabotaging insurers and ACA. 
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy

You make no sense.
It makes no sense that the GOP would say "repeal and replace" for 7 years and then be caught with their pants down.
Your obstructionism is is not helping fix Obamacare glitches. Get to work!
You are a fool. That is why O'care is so expensive. It's like having no car insurance, then getting coverage after you have an accident!
It does if their goal is tax cuts for rich, not healthcare for low to middle income people.
You're the only one saying they would... that makes you the sociopath .
But Congress cannot tell any business they must provide charity.
If the policy was Affordable I'd be fine with it. Especially for people who don't have a pre existing condition. We don't need you for this.
Liar. They have pre existing cases covered!
Yeah like you care anyway
If you cover pre-existing conditions, it's no longer insurance.
Does it make sense now?
Pre existing construction should be under a totally different bill.
Don't force "no healthcare" or worse than Obamacare onto us. Imagine you'd (Senators) have to be covered by it.
U will let the America people DOWN
If it's "insurance" it really does. You don't "insure" a wrecked car. Risk pool fine but insurance for the sick is insulting to common sense
Yes in the United states !  It;s been said that "the United States in not a country but, a business". I have yet to prove that theory wrong.
That's a lie and you know it.... #LiberalLies
They did in the past and guess who was in charge?
And yet, thats what we get. Very strange. Use your vote folks. VOTE OUT ALL INCUMBANTS EVERY ELECTION! THE AGE OF CAREER POLITICIAN MUST END
It makes no sense that all Obamacare was, was Medicare and Medicaid expansion
GOP has no intention of passing this bill but will blame democrats for 'obstructing' it   They can tell their base they tried 1/2
Stop obstructing and be part of a solution work for Americans not yourself
Stop the lies Chuck!!
It makes no sense you're so subversive an anti-American you've convinced us the American people you don't care about us
There are many people that don't have pre-existing conditions and should get a cheaper rate
Nor did it make sense to be promised a 2,500 dollar decrease in medical costs and receive a 7,500 dollar increase. Thanks Obama care.
You are a brilliant leader thank you for fighting for the middle class ! Bless you


Schumer CONSTANTLY LIES.

Makes about as much sense as Obama care with $5000 or more deductibles.
Fake news. But the real issue...and your answer is?
Obamacare was meant to fail in order to have universal healthcare and leaving us indebted to government.
Really???  Or are you just being facetious?
@SenateGOP doesn't give a damn about middle and lower wage Americans. #TrumpcareIsAHateCrime
It makes no sense you would have passed this bill without reading it first.
It makes sense if you are a greedy Republican.
Sure it does if you don't have any.
Let me guess Chuck, you think insurers should be forced to cover cars after the wreck and houses after the fire right? You are a stupid man!
Oh yeah there is no limit to free money. Wake up!
How about a bill that would require u & the whole congress to buy this same junk insurance u want us to buy
Why is CMS excluded from negotiating drug charges? They negotiate healthcare charges.
It makes no sense that you and your colleagues won't fix what you knew would be a failure. You sir are causing gridlock in Congress.
Oh Right,  Said the Conservative
It makes no sense for my premium, deductible and copay go up so I can't afford to use it thx obamacare
The 80% of us who are healthy don't  need your expensive policies.  Take your ideas to Venezuela!!
We had before and can have again "high risk pools" to ensure insurance can always be bought. Stop making us pay for what we don't need!
Why not I don't have any so why should I pay for pre existing condition?  I want to pay for what I want not what left says I need to have!!
What's being done to counter this?
If they don't cover why would you buy it??? Dull
Edit: It's immoral & wrong that the GOP would propose letting insurers take money for little or no benefits.  omg #HIREAMARKETER!
WHEN ARE DEMS GOING TO GET IT THROUGH THIER THICK SKULLS You can't push doctrine of #childrenofthecorn !Stop saying what is good Ppl #MAGA
Sure it does.They don't CARE about normal folk.Only caemre about rich cronies $ donors c
That is another lie... do you need to get a dictionary so you can look up that word?
It's called capitalism! It works! What doesn't work is the DC swamp??? Term limits, you need to be fired
Such policies are "fools gold"
For big business.
Sex reassignment in the military is hardly a pre existing condition.  What was congress thinking & how did this get passed?  Has 2 b dems!
Soldiers should join the military to defend the country, not for medical procedures, and especially not sec reassignment.  This goes too far
they have been doing it for decades?  Where have you been?  How do you get elected?
You are finally correct. But I never understood why the Dems would push a bill the would require men to have a mammogram either!!!
Covering preexisting conditions for an insurance company is suicide. No one should be required to pay for which you neglected to plan
Can't be worse than the ACA coverage that you couldn't afford to use but still had to pay with Zero options and zero choices.
It made no sense when u rammed the ACH down our throat.....but u did it anyway
Absolutely! Must #coverPreExistingCond!! Keep working for America 's health, senator! We support you!!
Chuckles there should be choices of plans.
Cuz they want hospirals to absorb the cost and go bankrupt or  pass it onto the insured.

There you go, looking for sense
Because Republicans are NOT interested in a health care bill they're ONLY interested in a YUGE TAX BREAK for the very rich.
How about a tax break for middle income taxpayers? That would be unique for lib Dems!
It made no sense when Nancy and the rest of you passed obama care with out reading it all so I guess both sides are real dip shits.
Sure it does. That was life before Obamacare.

It's not car insurance!
That's it in a nutshell really. Nothing they're doing makes sense for Americans. It's as if they only answer to benefactors. Now that's sad!
@SenSchumer please for that's sacred in this great country, DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. PLEASE. #ImpeachTrump
Why not? For people without pre-existing conditions our premiums would reflect proper risk.
Then it wouldn't be insurance, but just a government mandate.  Just add everyone to medicare and be done with it.
Why wld Reps put forth unpopular bill under Pres w historically low ratings,with Americans distrustfulof Congress,&steal r healthcare?Insane
Just another dump-inspired con job.
U must get this pt across succinctly. GOP leaders insist that insurance cos will provide cheap adequate coverage. Will not happen w/o govt.
The GOP wants to take over all and shut the Dems out.  Watch the GOP greed takeover!
I couldn't agree more!
please resign now and you don't make sence
Truth is an elusive quarry for you, the GOP does cover pre-existing conditions & denying is an outright lie. @potus
Cruz amendment has loopholes allowing preexisting conditions to be waived away #ACA
It's too bad politics has a place in insurance decisions.  Let's just go to universal basic coverage with optional enhancement.
Not just pre-existing or developing an illness. Won't cover accidents either. It's not worth paper printed on. Just FIX aca!
Dems had 8 years to fix ACA but refused to admit flaws. Now they expect Trump to fix it w/o Dem help or input only obstruction!

U have added another moronic statement to yr litany any of hypocrisy, lies and UnAmerican crap. Do u have any thing + to add to HC debate?
What is your suggestion. Make a list and show us. We are all willing to read and decide
It makes no sense anything can be allowed until agent  is removed from office! @robreiner @RepAdamSchiff @AlFrankenSenate @AdamsFlaFan
BCBS says it will end Health Insurance in a pyramid effect.
Absolutely. If I was 25 and never really gotten sick before, why would I want a policy like that? Crazy. That's insane. I mean like crazy
So chuck what the hell is your solution you don't have a damn clue
Pre existing conditions is why insurance exists
Yes
This isn't Obamacare that FORCED us into buying coverage we didn't want nor need. Stop deceiving there'll be plans for #PreexistingCondition
I have cancer,I highly doubt there will be a plan that won't cost me every penny I earn, call me uninsurable #ACA
Not if we get rid of Ins, companies we dont need.
Makes me sick
This is why u need to let the free market take this over. Big gov can't do it.
The consumer buys the coverage they want.
The only thing that don't make sense is chuck schumer
Funny how you take money from PACS that keep the cost up because they're paying you
I am Medicaid recipient but wrkd in insur.  Cut-rate plan = no pre-existing; your choice. Get right plan or don't get sick is the option.
Unfortunately...most young folks don't think they will ever get sick.  I can't pay for car wreck coverage after the fact.  Same for medical.
Nothing they do with health care makes any sense.#medicareforall
Period.  No sense.
How much to the Insurance companies pay U & @NancyPelosi ! You gave them a golden parachute! Now what. Congress=WELFARE for lazy lawyers! U
A less expensive policy that does not cover preexisting conditions is just fine if you have no preexisting conditions.
