
This administration should be hearing from you now by locking them up. Heartless criminals.
Where is the proof of criminal activity?

Gaslighting and oh so many cons.

How many days on trump owned property? How many days golfing? Emoluments? Unfortunately, it's not a crime to be completely ignorant about how your own government works. Along with gaslighting, this administration blames Obama for everything. Unbelievable.
This is why I love my president Shu Fly Shu
There you go again utilizing gay people for your propaganda!
NO! He's speaking truth to power.  Civil rights for ALL underrepresented people is under grave threat. #LGBTQ lives matter, too!
Which truth to power is he speaking to this time. He's still holding up Richard Grenell...so there's that.
You really stood up for us when the AMA screwed over small business on the price tag. But as long as you get your 30 pieces of silver its ok
The swamp has moved into the White House!
Oh, I think we all agree. Which is why we're fighting to elevate the LGBTQIA community to where they're on an equal level!
Please name ONE right heteros had that homos did not
Right to marry whoever you loved? Wrong, ALL could marry opposite sex, none could marry same sex, no matter how much love, SAME RIGHTS
I was speaking to the general, initial post about eroding rights.

These "Special rights" would be okay if they eroded, but they wont
You’re such a hypocrite. All you do is run your mouth and do no work. You’re a disgrace and embarrassment
Eroding their rights like you are by blocking @RichardGrenell?
If you care so much for #LGBT why are you holding up the nomination of @RichardGrenell?  It's bc you don't really give a damn about gays, you care about creating DIVISION. CONFIRM RICHARD NOW.
Cause
#impeach before he does. You already know what he's capable of. Why are you waiting? Get the dirt.

Chuck comes OUT
Like refusing to confirm Grenell? Because he's gay
The IF news
Oooh I'm sure they are scared now.

Richard Grenell. Shut up now.
Are you really pro LGTB, Chuck Schumer?
You're a Nazi fraud.
Stop with the phony identity politics

From the guy that is orchestrating the @SenateDems’ delay of @RichardGrenell’s confirmation as US Ambassador to Germany — the highest ranking GOP presidential appointee in history. Shameless hypocrite. (Arthur Schwartz)

We should be hearing from you 24/7 on EVERY issue that this con man president proposes
Yeah!! The resistance seeks truth only! We hate liars...wait, WTF??
We remember who you truly are
When was this published?
#AntiAmerican  #Traitor to #USA #CHUCKSCHUMER #IllegalImmigrants HERO #POS  @SenSchumer


Illegal aliens "dreamers" R law breakers & U & your band of morons R breaking federal law : 1907 title 8, 1324 (a) U took an othe to defend america & its constitution from enemies foreign & domestic! The constitution is not some old  paper & it does not have an expiration date!
Haven't they done enough? Get them out of our #whitehouse already! Prosecute them.
Viva la resistance! LOL...

Omg the sky is falling
We hear you now just we choose to ignore you! Take your ideas elsewhere. #NotInMyAmerica
Yes, like when the democraps started to destroy the economy of the working middle class you heard from us.
Go suck on something Schumer.
As long as you ensure they get proper psych care, I'm in support. It is not normal nor healthy to refuse acceptance of the body GOD gave you and destroy your temple by whacking off parts. I hate my feet, should I remove them or ask for help to accept them? Which is less harmful?
From the guy that is orchestrating  delay of @RichardGrenell’s confirmation as US Ambassador to Germany.
stfu shroomer
Sexual identity means NOTHING.. No one American Has more or less Rights than other Americans.. Except protected criminal politicians.( For the moment ).To say anything otherwise. Is a low IQ Social identity engineered LIE to fool the Stupid... chuck believes it .. I rest my case
sorry your gig is up all these groups have same protections all Americans have you are just race and gender baiting-votes
Were are those "rights" enumerated in the Constitution?
You don't say, Chuckie.
Like @RichardGrenell wh3n is he getting his in Cuck Schumer?
But not for 8 hours on the house floor, you guys only do that for Mexican citizens that are in our country illegally
Democratic Platform 2018... illegal immigrants and LGBQT before our military, our veterans, our homeless, our children, our infrastructure, our budget, our healthcare, our border security, our seniors, our schools, our ect ect ect.... you sure chuckles?  
Oh good lord Chuck. You are getting as bad Nancy. Pick something and stay on point. LGBTQ rights have never been an issue with the WH. It has been a false narrative of you and your minions. You made it up to get our LGBTQ community spinning out of control. STOP!
nobody wants to hear from, well I'm sure you still have Hollywood's ear
I'm a member of jpfo ! Jews for the preservation of firearm ownership! I know Ur a jewish man but i am very disappointed in U & Amy given the fact that so many jews died at the hands of the Nazi's due to Nazi gun control laws/confiscation ! U support such measures!
bottom line…we are all doing better and the economy enables everyone. We don’t need identity politics…we all did this…with the help of GOP.
Yo Chucky! My current plan allows me to get a sex change covered, but hearing aids are not. Not fair being that I will never want to be the other sex and hearing loss runs in my family.
Do your job....frickin ridiculous


Lolz
They will hear from the feckless and dying party of corruption? @TheDemocrats
Eat shit Chucky
Haaaa haaaaaaA jeez
Why won't you confirm @RichardGrenell?
Nothing could happen and we hear from u seems u keep talking for no good reason
why don't you confirm @RichardGrenell ? you are eroding his rights to serve America #equalityact
ooooooooo you’re SO big & bad....NOT!!! What a joke!

GO F**** Yourself 
Please tell us EXACTLY what you would consider to be bad. Be precise and provide step by step instructions as to how some bad person would go about eroding and rolling back those imaginary rights and protections. Just asking for a friend.
Just as all of the other USEFUL IDIOTS throughout history, ours here are falling as well. Good bye Chuck
Serious ?'s...What have U done 4 LGBTQ?  What have U done for DACA? You had years 2 take care of DACA recipients, did you? What have U done 4 african-americans besides replace them w/illegal immigrants? All these people R nothing but political talking points to U & @NancyPelosi
You are a big tool! Just stop it!   We are sick of hearing from you!
Roll em back!
@SenSchumer  You're in no position to threaten or demand anything. 
PASS it on to @pelosi
Hey ignoramus...ever read the relies to your tweets????  Everyone hates you...EVERYONE

Oh Yeah? Well you may have to re-learn to write because not many are gonna hear you from #GITMO  except the traitors around you dumbass & well, you probable won't have the right to send a letter or so I hope. #GoodLuckChuck
Yup...yer one
Confirm Richard Grenell.  You know the openly gay man who's a candidate for Ambassador to Germany.  What's with the delay?  Don't actually want a gay man in such a high position of power?
What about what you are doing to @RichardGrenell cupcake???
Chuckie...how did Putin get HRC/DNC to cheat Bernie in the primary so he could phish DNC n expose the party's collusion and corruption?
Dems need more "victims" since blacks on their own are overcoming racism, getting a good education, jobs n walking off their plantation.
You are sooooo scary!  Cry me a river.  #ConfirmGrenellYouOpportunisticHypocrite
YET YOU REFUSE TO CONFIRM @RichardGrenell ....SOOOO WHO'S SETTING IT BACK???

WHY DON'T YOU "DEMSPLAIN" THAT???
True colors- just cares about illegals.
We know how much you like to help young boys out..got it!
its ok you will hear from we the people when your up for election ,, your gone..
You mean the way democrats ruined healthcare for all Americans??  Why didn’t we hear from you then??
Now ur making stuff up  what the hell are u talking about
What like leaking classified material,good luck with that one Americans are alert of your garbage now,
Chuckle,
There is no such thing as a transgender person. Your DNA says that you are male or female. More made up science from the pitiful dems!
Then why did you and the rest of the Democrats hold up @RichardGrenell nomination.  Clearly qualified.  Do YOU have other motives?
I'm sure...
Pandering 101
something is seriously wrong with you.
Conan say love chicks not d*cks! Conan feed Schumer to wild boar!
Why are you holding up @RichardGrenell from confirming his ambassadorship? You hypocrites.
They have rolled back everything. Do your job!
Why are you blocking nomination of @RichardGrenell
Confirm @RichardGrenell
Republicans have no desire to do that.  Get Relevant and start working for Americans not Illegals!
Transgender and gay rights are fine for those who choose it, but I do not want to be responsible for their decisions. Stop shoving the choices of a minority down our throats
Then tell us why, WHY are you holding up the confirmation of @RichardGrenell as the Ambassador to Germany?  He would be the highest ranking LGBT member of any administration EVER.  Stop your lying bullshit and get him confirmed if you car so damn much about people.
He's the most gay-friendly potus ever, but you be you...and hold up the nomination of a gay Trump nominee. #freakinghypocrite
If you spent as much time as you spend on whacked out transgender and bullsheet and spent more time on middle class I’d be better off
Chucky and his plantation of gay dolls he uses to his will
@whoiskevinjones
@QueersForTrump @GaysForTrumpFla
If Chuck Schumer so interested in Gays rights
He should be confronted & asked what is he doing to change the minds of refugee Muslims who really prefer no Gays at all.
Oh I'm sure they will! We hear from you daily
IF you are SO supportive of LGBTQ WHY are you holding up @RichardGrenell nomination?
Oooh, you're so tuff, chuckie.
@SenSchumer Chuckie your time has passed, you need to resign. You've become rich off special interest groups such as LGBTQ, let's face it you really don't care you just want to insure you continue to get you cut of funds!
Really? You’re usually pretty silent . Do you know the difference between equal treatment and special treatment? Most liberals do not.
So why have you not confirmed Ambassador to Germany what is the hold up
Fear tactics Chuck. Guess you decided to take the low road. You give your "assumptions" as truth America's worst enemies are its leaders
Again no mention of trans species
Stop spreading fear
How about supporting the rights of the unborn and elderly.
Threats are so unbecoming even from you.  Cut "if" from your vocabulary and work with the Reps.  Honestly, you should'
Yeah, but you have taken over $800,000 from HMO and Pharmaceutical companies. Talk is cheap, do the walk or get out of Dodge.
Blab Blab. How does it feel to start losing your power and votes Schumer.
He also believes n  is just a thought process and not a lifestyle.
Unfortunately we hear from you all the time and you waste your time because we just laugh at your idea's. But don't stop we enjoy laughing
If YOU don't denounce Stephen Colbert for the disgusting words he used on PUBLIC TV Monday nt-you're a HYPOCRITES! @senschumer @nancypelosi
well that's what the Muslim's will do if you keep letting them in they will kill them all, stop immigration without vetting
Obstruction, obstruction, obstruction. That's all the dems know.
Hey Chuck you might want to make a comment about @StephenAtHome comments abt @POTUS. If u r not a fraud u will.
U are one of the leaders in the Democratic Party and you're making things worse for our country! U change the narrative and others will too!
What would be great is if u would work w administration and find solutions that work for both parties! Americans want to see change in DC!
Considering that you're the leader of your party you should be ashamed of yourself really!
The American people hear you loud and clear! You are against Trump even if that means going against what's best for the American people!
Do you realize how stupid and petty you and Nancy pelosi look? Do u realize that other democrats are getting tired of the push back?
Basically if the administration does anything they will hear from you! If trump supports LGBT rights you won't. Join the resistance! Lol
Are you coming out of the closet, you seem to be over interested in this area?
The only thing eroding is ur brain chuckie Cause u have no idea what the American people really care about
The Constitution does not give the federal government authority over health care, so YOU have no say in the matter.
Your full of nonsense  not true at all
OBSTRUCT, this is an illegal government and has to be stopped! Obstruct and don't give up!
Please stop this madness from inept no compassion administration #LGBTQ
#EqualityAct
How about protecting our country 1st! This should be the main topic. Everything else falls behind. Dangerous times were in.
Schumer we don't even know what you are.
They hear from you anyway.. Is that framed as a threat? Chuck the dems are inane drones. Your their de facto leader.. Congrats
: you are a sad clown. sit down and be quiet !
False comments, alternative facts...Term Limits NOW!
There's  two  genders.  A man or a woman  it comes  from chromosomes did you take  science maybe not you're a libtard
Chuck Schumer is very convincing as a man.  Nice job doc.
Why don't you worry this much about what's go to happen to LIRR and LGA?
We hear you Chuck. All you do is run your ineffective Mouth!
You're just a loud mouth do nothing.
Lets start with LGBTQ have no rights. They are an abomination in the eyes of God. As a God based Republic, I will treat them biblically.
You didn't ask me
Please speak to the majority of hard working people getting raped by the insurance companies. You know the insurance companies funding you!
From Chuck Schumer, the man who's not afraid to cry.
You would destroy the country for dem agenda. You really don't care about LGBT. Do you?
And you can't do a damn thing about it. Suck it up buttercup. Fagettabouitt!!
No, you will hear from us in your next election, the people are fed up with your pathetic agenda.
TRUTH BOMB!

Newt Gingrich: "Schumer is adopting a strategy that says: weaken America to strengthen the Democrats."
Nobody wants to hear from u.
Hahaaaa
Hve a grass roots campaign started to rid you of New York. People like you make this state a place yo leave

f transgenders biological misfits where nature would automatically cast they out.
Where is your condemnation of yesterday's left wing violence?
Stick it Schumer 
Thank you! LGBT's have stood by Democrats, action is needed NOW. No more empty talk!

To Dems, slavery never ended. They want to control everyone from cradle to grave. #DemocratLiesMatter  
We aren't listening to you!
Cry Baby Chuck always pandering to the base?
What about Christian Rights? Will you protect those Charlie???
Again more lies gays are for tromp. X democrat
Schumer, ur a grandstanding windbag. U have done nothing to help this country. Roll up ur sleeves and work w GOP. #SchumerDoNothingSenator
We're hearing from you ALL the time. Try saying something decent and careing some time.
You go Chuck U. Maybe shed a tear or two.
Shut up
This is a state issue stop making it federal keep them out of the bathroom my children use
You have totally lost your mind chucky boy.
