Minimum wage is not meant to be a living wage. Stop hindering small businesses from hiring students and part time help. Get out of the way
What a pathetically stupid thing to say. Must be a Russian bot who doesn't have to raise a family on $15.00 / hr. You know where you can go!
If someone else is willing to take less to do the same job, then blame them not the employer. The fed should stay out. Let the states decide
It's called taking advantage of people. I have no respect for you. I'm done.
Thanks for the advice. I wish you well.
What about waiters and waitresses?  We make 2.13$ Per hour. Haven't had a raise in 50 years. most old people don't know this and don't tip.
Also we have to claim tips so we pay our taxes. That means we get a check. Every week that says "VOID" 0.00$. We are the people need 2 jobs.
How you going to like that $5 hamburger at McDonalds. Wages go up. Prices go up. People lose jobs. Duh. Not rocket science.
Terrible idea....
U all should be fighting for a complete and #IndependentInvestigation of #TrumpRussiaCoverUp bc very likely #TrumpColluded .SAVE OUR COUNTRY

RESISTANCE MARCH on May 27th pls tell everyone u can we need to go LG take charge in ur area pls 12p.m.-4peaceful
NEWSFLASH. Senate Democrats earn money by destroying America. Film at 11. If we are still around.
Lower taxes on small businesses and an idea like that might work.
That should put a bunch of small businesses out of business.
Go ahead if your goal is to move entry level workers from a $10 per hour job to the unemployment line.
Democraps continue their quest to kill business!
Putting stickers on bananas is a $31k job? Are you fighting for automation?
So a law stating Employers must not cut employee hours upon getting raise must be made law aswell or else the 15hr increase is useless.
pls keep us informed about TRUMP RUSSIA investigation Burr should recluse and stand up for what we believe in!
I worked three jobs for 18 months to save money and then I got a better job...there's plenty of opportunity out there for people who want it
the idea that small business owners are the opposition to the everyday working person is a great way to alienate me as a lifelong democrat
What happens 2 ppl already making $15/hr & live in states w/big tax burdens? Our wages don't go up, it degrades those w/ higher skilled jobs
You are pethetic.  An E1 has a starting wage of 19180 per year. That's about 9 bucks an hour.
Well holy shit...  Good for you schumy.
No this is bad
Also increasing the minimum wage this drastically will cause inflation. You don't just increase minimum wage with no repercussion
Thats just not true. Wages are a small part in factoring product pricing. We actually are trying to catch wages up with inflation
Increases poverty.  It looks good to people but tends to have a negative impact
Its s lot of bull,once it passes,at maybe 20cents a year
Come on Schumer, wake up and smell the real coffee. Cost of living will raise as well how can you not see that! Wake up, please
What are you going to do with all the unemployed people that will result from such a raise?  Companies will then have the justification...
Keep up the fight! #RaiseTheWage #Impeach45
It won't happen if you keep Bernie the divider around.
The only issue  with raising minimum wage to 15hr, is most Buisness's like fast food cut Employee hours when there forced to raise Wages.
How about we find a way to make wages comparable to responsibility. EMS workers and firefighters make less than NYC fast food folks...
That's not true at all, the fastfood industry just cuts there employee hours when forced to raise wages. Corporate takes no loss.
to get rid of most staff and put in machines...which both employers and customers prefer anyway...don't have to fool with stupid people.
10 trillion $ spending spree & u idiots didn't get that threw w obum wow schumer minority's king u screwed the welfare state but lazy s u
I love when politicians use the word "fighting." It makes me feel so good to know that you are working for your reelection.
Keep on that issue that nobody cares about. Look forward to Dems loosing more elections at all levels.
@realDonaldTrump negotiate! Build our wall, $15.00 hourly rate adjustment. Win, Win, Win for America!
Blah blah blah Go dems you are so reliable. Like the dems are the only people in the senate trying for this
Pandering
You can make the law but nobody has to abide by it. "F" Federal laws. That's how the Dems roll. Right Chucky?
If you care as much as you say for the poor & mid class then why do you ignore the consequences and true results of your asinine policies.
You prove my point every day. All you know how to do is make everything including labor more expensive and watch jobs leave. Fool
I suggest you check in with Seattle and see that minimum wagers want fewer hours so they won't lose their benefits. Go on, check it out!
Yeah let's make a $15/hr minimum wage so we can have more unemployment among low wage earners. This sounds great but is pure BS & u know it.
How about u & the rest of ur buddies give up all the benefits u stole from the American workers so we can have the same life u have
So your can have more tax money for your broken programs
I agree with the need for a min wage, but $15 across the country is not appropriate when cost of living differs so vastly!!
Soon we will all have our hands out if you have your way.
You will only hurt our economy and businesses. Higher wages for coffee pouring is not fair to a laborer whom makes a little over 15

Good luck with that! Why don't you try improving the education in your state's public schools so the students can get a good job.
Me Schumer. Have Dems Approve the tax plan and the economic boom will give everyone a raise.
Yes because that won't incentive getting rid of jobs that could be done by machines... Are you planning on banning technology advances to?
Ok then how much will a person with a college education make? Increase in pay equals price of goods go up. Their life style will not change.
Senate Dems have no idea how this would impact small businesses!
Who can afford to pay a punk like I was 15.00 a hr to turn hamburgers? Your the stupid party no Mind Schumer and company
What the Heck! I flipped burgers while going to school for 1.35hr and never thought this was my main job! I learned about responsibility
That much minimum wage strips incentives and compromises jobs across the board.
If the tax rate goes down and we get rid of Obama Care no need to have a minimum wage duh
Donate your salary to the cause, Chucky!
I'd like to see you take no salary because you are trying to make payroll! Reality for sm biz owners you are clueless! We'll just cut staff
Then businesses will raise the cost of goods because they can't afford to pay their employees. Never ending circle of price increases
That should help small business Chucky
And a 5 dollar ice cream cone at McDonald's
@SenateDems  are complete fools
That's just means I will b making another $14 hr more. On top of what I get now U can't win this chuckles 
Will that make most people fall into a new bracket, they will earn to much for welfare, food stamps, housing assistance, etc?
You really have a need to destroy jobs don't you this is a real jobs killer
That's great! I can't believe you agreed to take $15/hr finally politicians getting paid what they are worth! WTG Chuck!
Won't happen and it's a guaranteed job killer  More failed Democrat policies.
We hope not. That would put so many people out of work.  Why do you want to put more people on welfare?  Is it because your rich?
Good, keep the pressure on! Corporate welfare queens must be held accountable
We see it's all about power and control. You Democrats deciding what you think is best for us regardless of what we want
Now after you lose the election in a grande a fashion of distraction. Now you say you care
You spend most your time amongst the wealthy areas of the country to get the vote and forgot the middle class
You're just Propagandists. The election proved it when it wasn't the middle class and poor you cared about
If you truly cared about the poor we would've seen it in action the last eight years.
Better yet why don't you live at the lifestyle of the poor you say you care about and give the rest to them
Why don't you lead by example give 90% of your income away and live on the 10%
You fight to make $15 in our wages but never thought to make good paying jobs. You guys are lousy businessman
Why should any state comply w/ federal law I thought was ur position...if $15/hr is so great why not statewide in NY
#PasteEatingDemocrat
losing battle for good reason proven it don't work
Working welfare are asking to work less hours because they are making too much causing their free money to diminish! #brilliant 
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! They make me what to scream or go on anti-depressants or jump off a building or something!! Both sides r CrAzY
The $15 min. wage isn't a crazy idea.  In the areas where it has been adopted, the economy has improved, and new jobs are being created.
Here's one of a number of articles written by venture capitalist Nick Hanauer, who supports the $15 min. wage.
OMG?..you ah's! Fight the taxplan, fight the wall, let the PROGRESSIVEs fight for 15$ fcking dollars to Flip a burger, or white a table!!,
We need the demacratic party to get tougher and damand more make the republicans do there job im tired of the republican party and there lie
And then raise the price of goods to cover cost! Or get kiosks to replace workers all together! #smartidea
Note that the small biz community is bigger than big business has more voters and contributes more to economy but gets the least attention
Shut up phony clown schumer UNAMERICAN , obstructionist part of the Dems disgusting
Quick question Chuck. What planet do you live on?
They'll just cut hours, corps. never lose.They have entire depts. at their corp. offices charged with limiting payroll as much as possible
Everyone from managers to district managers, and all the way up the chain, actually get bonuses for using as little payroll as possible
Idiotic, the middle class will end up paying for this in increased prices, small businesses will close ending up in a welfare state.
Businesses could pay more if we were taxed and regulated less!  STOP wasting taxpayers money!
This isnt going to happen for at least 4 years, pick a fight that is currently winnable
And still, not one damn word about seniors living below poverty level. Nobody cares.
What trademarks do you and Trump want to stop the trade war? Escort services got Trump off of China, you want a Canadian escort trademark?
And when the price of every day stuff goes up then what
Tell us more about how you believe Canada is raping the US like China? Do we need to give you a trademark like China to stop the war?
Stay off the pipe Schmuck and stick to pandering for handouts.... It's what you do best....
How can business afford this plus cover Obamacare? Ever try to make a payroll? Sales are down? Real world small business and retailer know
You can thank @POTUS for working hard to turn the job market around so people can go back to work!
Goodbye small businesses. Raising minimum wage causes price of everything to go up. $15/hr doesn't get you any farther ahead. Schumer - Bad!
"Hand Up Not a Hand Out." Will force small business hardship and create lose in jobs.
And there goes entry level work for school kids. And many jobs will be gone also with many places closing
@JumaaneWilliams 
Look at Obama&Deblasio life styles-they want 2 live like rich capitalists & rest of us live on minimum wage
Buying votes again?  You love spending someone else's  money dont you.
Then I'm going to get a 8 dollar an hour raise on my job, right?
#repealreplacechuckschumer
Make @BernieSanders the leader of the party and get behind his ideas for a winning strategy
I don't agree with that idea minimum wage isn't supposed to be able to support a family
Noooooooo.
Here's an idea, let states make that decision. Oh wait, the constitution beat me to it.
With that huge corporate tax cut that - will probably fall on deaf elite ears the 1% have to eat first as we all know
Shouldn't be across the board. Breadwinners with children they're working to take care of need living wages more than high school students!
Work TOGETHER with intelligent Republicans!! There ARE a handful. Tie to 20% corporate tax rate!
And then we will enter the era of robots. This is a ploy to get the poor to vote for you! Pathetic! Robots make$0 and dont sue employers.
Stop creating a divide and start working on real solutions! Go outside of your office and start talking to the American people!
Keep trying.
You are Washington's biggest problem! And most of us are counting the days till we can get you out of office!
Blame Bill Clinton. NAFTA. Loss of 70000 companies. Crap in one hand and wish in the other see which one fills up faster
I'm not sure what planet you're on but you need to wake up! Do something about the drug epidemic and the illegal immigration problem!
are you though? Seems like if we could vote on it, it'd overwhelmingly pass. But ya know tweeting is just as good
OMG!!! Why not stop with the talking points and actually do something to help the middle class. When you help I pay more. #idiot #lowertaxes
Millions of taxpayer dollars go towards supporting people that shouldn't be here in the first place! Our towns are riddled with heroin!
I'd rather you concentrated on getting the traitors out of office.
Why would he want to remove his fellow Democrats?
Proof?
$15 for handing out a burger? Ever heard of productivity? No economic sense
Loose @SenSanders or loose lots of actual Dems!
@NancyPelosi Hey Pelosi. Here's the  jobs bill you've been looking for. Government mandate will surely kill jobs. Let the market set wages.
Nobody cares about minimum-wage what we care about is getting our jobs back from people that don't belong here!!
Is there ANYTHING you won't do to bring down our economy, destroy businesses & make our children dependent on your EMPTY promisses Chucky!?!
that's nice. how about you fight to get the Russian agent out of the White House?
What an idiotic statement. Your candidate lost so suck it up buttercup!
Not to mention the amount of jobs that the American people lose because these people are taking our jobs!
A living wage is meaningless if there aren't enough jobs due to automation. We need to talk about #basicincome for all!
I live in Long Island New York and the drug epidemic because of the people coming over the border and the drug cartels is outrageous!
thanks for trying to raise the unemployment rate. is that your intention ?
$15 min wage will only force the day to day prices on everything up. 
Another welfare gift to Amazon- good bye to retail stores and fast food jobs go self serve - proving dems are idiots
$15? what will a burger cost at a fsast food place?
$8 per combo meal
This is why in the upcoming elections Democrats will not get elected! Because you were all so far removed from reality!
Oh good more job killing bullshit.  Dont like the wages get an education an move on
So you can millions out of work? Stupid
@SenateDems are joining at the end of a grassroots battle often against dems to make $15 minimum wage a reality in this country.
Fixed it.
Big mistake.
They do not care they get $175k a year, gold plated healthcare etc off of us.
#TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT #TERMLIMIT Get out
