Just think how great Obama's numbers would have been if he had taken over a roaring bull market.  Instead, he took over after a GOP crash...
Just calling out stat.l cherry-picking   Wkr participation decline- Pls..research what is included-early retirees, students. Most by choice.
Seen these side-by-side comps before. Often copied by people who have not checked the veracity of the claims made!  Sad!  
  DEFLECTION ALERT!!  
And they want to repeal ACA
As if you care. Go home and stay there.


...Said the pot to the kettle!! How about truth on Russia Uranium deal? Or truth on Russia Trump conspiracy? Or on the emails/IT scandal?
Lier! Who aided and abetted Hillary? Everything you say is flawed and misleading, you do NOT represent Americans!#Go
Time for Jimmy Kimmel to talk taxes
@Nancy Pelosi, did you forget about this!
And he knew he was lying! Lost 1035 Dems seats... I say let if fall apart get rid of mandate let us go private sector insur.
2 The left, would be press, still refuses to report on it let alone investigate it. Such hypocrisy on the left.
Republicans need to stop misleading America & tell the Truth: 45's agenda is to gut Democracy and weaken America while lining his pockets.
http://www.latimes.com/politics/essential/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-gov-brown-downgrades-from-felony-to-1507331544-htmlstory.html … ppl knowing they have aids and give it to u will now b a no more then a parking ticket
USA has $20 Trillion Debt & $600 Billion deficit/yr, GOP plan is TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES of $600 billion/yr doubling deficit. R they nuts?
Are to old ppl Isreal is 85%owned by the rothchilds  one of the most Wealthy family in the world daca 400b and 500b for undocumented
How rich say rich isn't bc they buy nothing it's bc they use UR money to buy things
Did you forget about your passing of Obama Care, without reading the whole bill. All of you politicians mislead the American people. Get out
The quote said- away from the fog of controversy. ACA was able to be read in full and was. She meant when the whiny ass GOP stopped obstructing the public’s perception, people would understand. I think she gave too much credit thinking you might.
Amen!
Duh, Gobi just aksed me a queschun!  Whutz a DOOGUSI?  A Banancy Family JOKE!  Pubs don't fancy paying really big graduations when u suck since 2008, and part of it's ACA with a DACA proclamation which you insist is first act in a riot!  Doofusi is clearly a familiar plural noun.
Under Obama 2 undocumented immigrants elected into Congress look it up
The middle class always gets fucked and the poor class is there to show the middle class not to fuck up
Talk about misleading the people you are the champion except you lie a lot too. Crook!
The GOP is posturing for the next land grab when the market crashes. The banks are counting on it! BOA is ready to foreclose right now!
GOP incapable of telling the truth. Payoff to their rich donors with a so call Tax Reform & doing it with Medicare and Medicaid fund cuts.
Republicans need to stop misleading America & tell the Truth: their president is dangerous and not fit for office. #stopWW3 #savepuertorico
Obama budget for 2018 1m on top of his 200k pension and he made 800k on 2 speeches on walstreet
Immergrants for food stamps housing welfare with food stamps they restock their stores to sell back to you
Billions every year to Isreal this is money war Artillery and more Obama gave them free fighter jets with little hours on them claiming they
Condoms, 750k to a dolphin study ab if their sexist
500k Kinsey institute the very ppl that made child rapist not get much time in prison the 500k went to a study for y guys don't like wearing
500k for a study a skip fish on a treadmill 700k shrimp on a treadmill I bet the money got pocketed
NFL Billions over the past 10 yrs 2 build Stadiums,stadiums most middle class and lower class will never see but their tax dollars funded it
Get a clue you have no concept of what middle class is
Democrats are some of the most evil, angry, unhappy, shifty, meanest ppl i know,present company included-U & chuckky...
Taking a page form #DEMORATS playbook on how to #LIE?  I don't think so.  U #DEMS have #NoINTEGRITY.  Lieing 4 U is 2nd nature 2 breathing!
We need to get U back in control like had chance last #election... unfortunately not every legal #America #votes like they count & #USA mattersto them
Eliminating the Alternative Minimum tax, like Eliminating the 'Death tax' won't save middle class 1 penny.  Live in state w/Inc tax UR scrwd
Nancy? You live in a state with one of the highest state taxes. A state with you as one of its leaders. Stop talking about stuff like u care
Native American to Junebug: Heap many pale faces (see: @GOP) speak with forked tongue.
You have mislead Americans your entire career!
When you start telling the truth....who am I kiddin' that ain't gonna happen!!!!
You are the head misleader to the American people.
They are liars, Americans are counting on Democrats.
Your ad doesn't tell the whole truth. Wouldn't you call that deceptive Nancy. How r u going to stand in front of God.
You won't talk your way out of it then. The thought frightens me. Stop the nonsense and tell the entire truth.
The GOP tax plan is a hlth care cut. Estimated  $1T from M'caid and  $0.5T from M'care. All goes to the top 1%.
You need to tell the truth.
If Trump does raise our middle class taxes, is that so his cabinet members can fly on PRIVATE planes all the time? DO NOT STEAL MY TAX MONEY
Oh Wow Nancy! NOW U want the truth to be told? Big change from the last 8 years!
I bet you he could guarantee that all of the top 1% WILL get a tax cut though!
Yes it will I hope people wake up
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/NancyPelosi/status/915925450781806592 … (Ranked 34th for Oct 5.)
Since when have you EVER told the truth?
When will you retire and enjoy the riches you amassed as a public servant?
sadly, I'm in agreemnt w you : "By 2027, taxes will rise for 25% oftaxpayers, ~30% w incomes $50K-$150K & 60% making $150K-$300K" #FlatTax
Yeah, like that will happen. They'd sell their own mothers for a tax cut.
Liar liar pants on fire
I know under the dems I lost my job house and healthcare .Thank you You freakin beltway lifetime politicians
DO NOT LISTEN TO NANCY, she is the LAST person to take economic advice from, read Thomas sowell Economics and research for yourself
Cut out the ideological deception through subversive speech Nancy, how low can you be to use your platform of sheeple for political gai
Stop lying to the American people Nancy! Your only hurting the middle class by lying to them over something they deserve to be rewarded for
You’re biggest liar in Washington. You know that statement is more of your way of trying to scare people into voting 4 ignorant Dems
The crafter of Reagan's supplysid trickl down econom said on tv it was bunk & nvr worked.We had 18% int rate on mortg.Recession soaring debt
And that it takes funding of $1trill frm Medicaid &$470 billion frm Medicare. Pd thru payr ded since '68 am still emp at '66 that $$ is mine
Give us proof nancy, My calculations show I will be 2 to 3K per year richer.

Stow it Baby, or get a new brain transplant.
....DEMS TALKING SPECIFIC FACTS.  TALKING POINTS ARE NOT HEARD.  PEOPLE SHUT THEM OUT.  GET DOWN TO FACTS, NOT TALKING POINTS.
I watch CNN MSNBC FOX too much but I only see repubs. talking.  GET TO WORK GETTING YOUR FACE ON THE NEWS TALKING SPECIFICS. I NEVER HEAR ..
What a Crock! This is Reaganomics Repackaged!!  It did NOT work Then.. It will NOT WORK Now!!  Great for the 1%ers... screw the working man!
Since when have the dems ever been truthful, you people create your own truth against the wishes of real Americans
Middle class always paid the price going back years and years and years. It's about time wealthy people paid their share. No more loopholes
All people want from politicians is honesty & truth! When will that time come? There r always lies and misleading information and questions
Trump fans will get it one day, Maybe ?
U DemocRATS got the worst track record of telling the truth.  Especially, U.  Remember, "U need 2 pass ObamaCare B4 U read whats in it."
Screw deductions, decrease tax rate under $250k by 1% to make NetNeutral, then increase above $250k by 1% -doesn’t need to be complicated.
Republicans tell the truth? Not if they're part of the Trump administration. Lying constantly is a job requirement.
You are so out of touch, time for you to retire. You can’t even form a sentence any more, go away
People with senile dementia should retire.   hint hint
#Lies
@NancyPelois, it is you & the Democratic Party that needs to stop resisting & your lying divisive Rhetoric & tell the truth for a CHANGE.
Shut down the IRS
Josephine Goebbles doing the only thing she’s good at....lying! Gtreat catholic, huh?!
Botox rotted her brain.
They are liars and that is only how they get stupid poor people to vote for them
Do you even know what planet you are on Nancy? You keep calling Trump President Bush so I'm not so sure myself...
As opposed to the Democratic tax plans which blatantly tell voters up front their taxes are being raised to pay for more spending& pandering
@SpeakerRyan is one of the most vile species ever. He'll smirk, while telling bold-faced lies.
Don't worry. Pelosi and many of the DEMS will vote for it.
Nancy campaigning for more 1% growth!
This is all coming from 1 of the 2 worst liars the Dems have.

TAKE ANOTHER HIT NANC! What you are really saying is there will be less tax money for you to spend. When do you tell the truth? Hardy har!
To the GOP supporters... is this winning?   I think not.
Republicans reflexively lie, PARTICULARLY in this administration.
#The Tax Plan will benefit the RICH.
The government and trump are lying to you. That’s a Fact! 
Don’t just retweet, research. Look at photo
#That money is being taken from your Healthcare, Medicare, Medicaid Education, Infrastructure, and so many other areas. 
ACT-NOT-REACT
#I think tweeter is being selective in what tweets that are shown.
The Tax cuts are for the rich and the proof is out there for all to see
The Republicans and Trump are creating an oligarchy. Thanks Putin. #Putinicans
Demoncrat budgets like to hurt all Americans equally.
Pelosi your leadership again. You believe that the citizens cannot add numbers so shameful!
I'm not sure they know how to tell the truth anymore.
Sit down & b quiet, u & @TheDemocrats mislead (LIED) 2 Americans 4 yrs abt Obamacare
Repubs, liar, liar, pants on fire. They cannot tell the truth to save their life  I know they believe in a God #LUCIFER not good at all.
Put the GOP on the spot.  Infrastructure jobs will #MAGA, not tax cuts for the rich!
Get behind Merkley and make a strong economic argument about this!
They are the biggest liars and cheaters I have ever seen in my 65 years! There is world-wide collusion w/this administration. Remember this.
Truth.....what u know about that lol
The Republicans are having a problem with the truth these days. They think the American people believe in fairy tails. #truth
You need to stop whining and fight fire with fire.
What about $350 billion in cuts to Medicare and $1 trillion in cuts to Medicaid we are reading about.  Your looking pretty incomplete as a leader.
I read what it said and I want it, its people like you that don't want us to have more income in our pockets.  But it hits you harder.
Trumptards are too stupid or too stubborn to accept their mistakes. Paying more in taxes, losing HealthC, NK, -maybe THEN they will
#denial
Their latest budget has gigantic cuts to Medicaid and Medicare. There is no defense of what GOP is trying to do to average citizen.
No it won't, it'll create jobs.
Repugs have always lied. With Trump in charge, it comes easier and easier to them. They hate America.
Has anyone seen the bill yet? I think it probably will as well, however, it hasn't even been seen yet. The time to argue is with the facts.
Rob from the masses and gift to the top 1%?
But you can keep your doctor. Oh wait wrong subject wrong party
U R confused with #Obamacare ... That plan misled Americans and raised taxes on the middle class...and u still defend it. #RepealAndReplace
Oh, I'm so shocked by this.
Republican leaders love thier wars but never pay for them
Hey Mike T., maybe you should take another look at what Rep., real agenda is.
Like your the one to talk, you are the most scandalous dishonest woman out there!!
Sounds like Obama care you hypocrite.
They just can't stop can they It didn't work with Reagan, Bush, Or Kansas Pure Idiots They must be Exposed Again Only The Rich Will Survive!
Thank you mrs. Nancy that's true something we never see they want to change everything include the flag that's disaster what they doing
Pelosie, you are a consummate liars. Oh and btw, where is the law that states there is a limit to the wealth one can have ?
Relax .... we’ll read it when it passes .
Nancy PUKOSI
More deception. How about “fake” info!
The clintons are a proven crime family and let's not get into yours.
You can have non voters go viral and protest. Y'all still lost the election because the real voters don't buy into  your bs.
Have you not learned that Americans don't trust you or democrats? Trump won for a reason. Voters do not trust you.
Like you and the president did about Obamacare? You do remember biggest lie perpetrated on the American people that you're responsible for.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @nypost @WSJ @Newsweek @SenateDems @HouseGOP @CA_Dem  Fake news! Only in Calif. & New York due to state taxes.
Nancy, remember you had the fed govt put that exit on the 101 that lead right to your husbands strip mall. Now, is that right?  #shame
No one believes you not even DACA recipients hahaha retire old lady

Some Hill Democrats have given back their dirty Weinstein cash, but the DNC is still holding onto its $246,000… 
The good thing is the combines austerity budget and the tax cut for the wealthy is guaranteed to start the next Great Depression. Can't wait
What about the Johnson amendment that is coming after our disabled kids AGAIN!!! 
The rich give to the GOP, they get the rich tax breaks, that in effect forces all Americans to support the GOP. I resent th hell out of that
Helping Middle income people keep more of their hard earned $$$ is the goal of #taxreform. 
POTUS plan doesn't do it
http://ctt.ec/dU5a9 

Weren't you asked to step down? 
I'm not a violent person, but there's something about Paul Ryan's face that just makes me want to punch him right on his big nose! Arroganz?
Umder your plams the deficit has gone out of control. Jobs are nonexistent  and yet you and the beltway prosper . WHY
And don't forget "If you like your Dr. you can keep your Dr."...#YourHypocrisyIsShowing
Why does Pelosi want taxes high on the Middle Class? Pelosi would deny the middle class a tax cut if one wealthy person might benefit .
Oh just like Obamacare? What the Dems say, "We have to pass it to see what's in it." Yeah like the Dems will tell the truth!
Oh Lord, here you go with your racist b.s.! Maybe you should go back and look at history. Disarm the citizens and leave them helpless, NOT!
Nancy......shut up...,,.. just saying
you are the one misleading the people. you are senile and need to be voted out. Term Limits are needed
Lmao Republicans telling the truth
Explain exactly how @NancyPelosi
Please retire . It’s time. What r u in your 80s? Ugh
You will soon retire-
Quit fighting and start working together with Republicans, to help the citizens of this Nation!!!!!
More of their "fuzzy math" and their sheep will eat it up!
Thank you, Speaker-for-Life Pelosi!
You have no credibility and you have an obligation to be truthful
Please STFU. NOBODY pays any attention to your partisan bull any more.
Mam...is it treason for people in Washington to just tell us Americans the truth for once???
@NancyPelosi why don’t you take the lead on this?!
We have come to learn that this generation of GOP are liars!
Repubs are lying, they're paid off by Mercer, Koch Bros and their ilk to take from the MC, seniors, the poor, to give to the Wealthiest
Everybody knows that already to pay for Trump's travel need to stop it
Yeah we can't have BOTH parties misleading Americans at the same time.
The wealthy create the jobs not the feds
That's bull shit Nancy!!! Back our @POTUS, or pay for it in 2018!!! You are securing Trumps win in 2020!!! LOL!
Truth? I am surprised you can spell it bc you nor Schumer would know the truth if it slapped you in the face and told ya so
Fake-News Alert!
Present a plan of your own.
And, the trickle down theory has never worked. Greed takes over at the top. And this tax plan all goes to the top.
This is what evil looks like in USA in 2017..
That's rich, Nancy. You & your party are nothing more than con men, despicable in every way. GET THE HELL OUT OF CONGRESS!
From THE queen of misdirection to pass legislation and how passed failed ACA that hurt more Americans than helped.
You are too kind...it’s not misleading, it’s blatant lying...and they are so smug & condescending they think citizens don’t realize truth
The citizens they're placating don't....either that or they're equally smug & condescending to the rest of the nation.
The cult 45 frankly are too ignorant to comprehend, the top 1% are gleefully rubbing their hands together...
I have intelligent friends, college educated, articulate, who have bought the whole shabang...condesc & smug...minority of the whole, but...
Nancy is a LIAR #FakeNews
Everything you do raises taxes so whats the difference...
Y'all tune in: @NancyPelosi says she is goin to tell the Truth... Holy whistlin'.. can she do it?... lol  When you say truth we laugh Nancy.
Get on every news outlet and give the numbers you have to yell louder
TRUTH DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT IS??
They don't need to mislead us. We have been disenfranchised already. I am asking for help. For my family. Find a way to stop this.
it's also a plan to shut down Obamacare, just like Obamacare was about tax cuts for the rich, this is the killing of Ocare, be careful
Says the democrat who lied about Obama Care 
