Step One: repeal the taxes on the wealthiest Americans that help fund health insurance in the ACA.
Step Two: cut Medicaid and throw millions of children and seniors off their insurance.
Step Three: use all of that "savings" to cut taxes for big corporations and the wealthy.
"Under congressional rules, though, money from one bill isn’t deployed to another." The White House is struggling w/ this concept.
The amount you charge NYers you can feed the world! Yet you are doing nothing
Shoot me, we almost agree! RyanCare (aka ObamaCare lite) is almost as bad as Obamacare.
This sounds like a *great* plan. Did he remember 2 put anything in abt providing health benefits?  Has he even involved Congress?
Has he read the Constitution?  Does he understand Separation of Powers?  He has no authority to draft legislation.
Mr. Schumer, do you not have a positive thought at all, in your head? ALWAYS SO NEGATIVE!Makes you seem small minded. A little bitty man.
Chuck it's Good Friday Please be Positive for Us Christians 
Most Christians support the gop! Just saying it like it is.
Mr.Oakley, are you saying Democrats are not Christians?Last time I examined my beliefs, I was still Christian&Democrat.I don't  support GOP.
I'm a life long Democrat. I didn't express myself right. I have left 2 churches lately because of preaching right wing politics.
See that now that I looked at profile. Sorry!
Leave it as is! But if Obamacare fails who are you going to blame!
I was a tax when UR party thought it up & cursed us with it Chuck! It has nothing to do with HC, never has was always a tax 4 u greedy SOB's
Get a life, Chuck.
As opposed to biggest con ever committed on the American people called Obamacare! You can keep your doctor, it's affordable. It was THEFT!
Better than what we're gonna get...just wait
He said that he has to do repeal and replace so he could do tax reform. Rich get richer middle class pay more.
obama care was a lie why dont you tell the truth too ? pelosi and obama lied about obama care on live TV hello tell the truth you...
TROLL ELSEWHERE
tell your kids what to do....
thank you for being so vigilant for us! There are so many issues today that it's mind-boggling!
GOP, party of the wealthy, giving themselves tax cuts and taking away hard working Americans health insurance. Shameful!
Get a life and get through the next 4 yrs maybe 8
PLEASE 
For the rich healthy people. Obamacare was for everyone.
Need to know and you don't need to know
@MISJO457117 Trumpcare is a guaranteed way for the Republicrooks to accommodate the Middle Class to the poor house.
The GOP sure isn't popular with Christians.  Trump considers turn the other cheek a Losers move.
I'm just happy to have a President that works for us. I wish you would stop criticizing!
Works for US??? HOW? Golfing? Spending taxpayers money so he can make money?
What makes you think we're paying for him to golf at his own place?
What, on God's green earth, makes you think we're are not??? WHO pays for his using AF1, security so he can play golf? Even PB, FLA is payin
Yet ACA is still crap & will crash & burn soon. What have Dems tried to do about it except thro more tax $$ at it. Get an idea! Do Ur job.
So what else is new? Have a blessed Passover.
As long as it helps the citizens of this country I approve. I do not approve of you, tho....and never did.
trumpCare is an oxymoron, he doesn't. He lied to get to power, he'll lie to stay in power, creating diversion with missile fire
That's why he needs to do it first. Needs $ for his cronies
Repeal this horrible bill passed by only scumbag democrats.
I thought we all knew Trumpcare was a big tax break for the rich. That was a joke of a health care plan. I just wish they would tweak ACA!!!
As apposed to the welfare plan you had in mind, where systemic bankruptcy is the only option
The real culprit in all of this is the devil he is laughing his ass off he has cause so much chaos in this country!
Trump is every bit a crook as any everyday run of the mill crook sitting in jail, only trillions of $ worse!
No replacement has been agreed yet. What are you doing to define the replacement to ACA? Oh right...you're complaining. And that helps how?
you sir are a crooked politician when is the last time you ever told the truth?
I think we should just let Obama care run its course & work with the Democrats after it's gone to have a clean slate to find a solution.
#trumprussia #trumprussia #trumprussia 1st things 1st..con't investigation, then all will fall into place @AdamSchiffCA @ericswalwell
Trump & #GOP are all about money 4 themselves. Greed is their driver. Well-being of USA citizens is unimportant! #ProtectOurCare #VoteGOPOut
I pray that one day, you will find a way to use your talent to put needs of the country before that of your own political party.
Keep fighting Senator Schumer-
Hey Chuck, tell us your fix for OC without mentioning single payer or medicare for all. Because that's not how Dems sold it to America in 09
You're going to be eating crow (or worse) when you're finally held accountable for all your ridiculous statements. Bon appetite!
Only Republicans are cold enough to condemn people with debilitating diseases to pain and death in order to squeak out a tax cut
Again Trump supporters how much are you willing to give up question mark Healthcare rights browsing privacy immigration right to work what?
It's obscene that you make no mention of #moab or admit that were really there for another oil pipeline. You're equally complicit in WWIII.
that is a good thing considering what the Dems and the liberal communist did!!!
Now keep the message going
we have yet to hear the truth from you schumer I call on impeachment for schumer lies and negativity is something we don't need
Exactly. You're a little slow, but you eventually get the picture. The only thing the #lunaticleft misses is the acceleration in growth.
GOD FORBID! A TAX CUT? LETTING PEOPLE KEEP MORE OF THEIR MONEY INSTEAD OF GIVING IT TO SCHMUCK SCHUMER? OH NO! THE HORROR.
you truly have a mental health issue
Then again what is new ? I wonder if there is really a hell god this kind of people ?
Good, Chuck. Tell it.
Better than Dem. why didn't U tell us Obamacare is meant to fail so U could implement a socialist healthcare. That was always the Demos plan
Obamacare, which you voted, for had $1trillion in taxes and massive payments to insurance companies. And that is better than Trumpcare?
If Trump has his way, rich people will get every advantage possible. Includes Trump
There is no Trumpcare Senator...you know that quit spreading bull until it happens.
Chuck kick Trump in the ass. We are so tired of this nonsense.  Do something or give us a secret signal that you guys are protecting us.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Get something straight Mr.Trump we will not back down. Keep your hands off health care or Shutdown Assured.
I would gladly pay an added sales tax for free health care. That way everyone contributes and no one is taxed unfairly...yes? no?
SMART man!
Time for the Democrats to say what they want in Tax Reforms---what's the plan?
STOP GORSUCH, DEPORTATIONS, ICE, IMPEACH INCARCERATE  ALL, RYAN MCCONNELL CHAO, RUBIO, CHAFFETZ, REPUB.
Better than your Obamacare
Trump is also a currency manipulator. He wants low interest rates because he is heavily in Debt
Do not give in to #PoliticalBlackmail
so leave Obamacare. Let's see what happens. Then I want to see who you blame.
you are such a liar shame on you for being such a shameless devil
You would know. #gamerecognizegame
It's a tax cut in the guise of a healthcare plan. It doesn't matter to them if the health part works as long as the wealthy get richer.
@MariaLiaCalvo Dems need to communicate this often and loudly; why isn't it being covered on @CNNPolitics @MSNBC?
And we are all here just waiting on #Obamacare to implode thanks #democrats for that and #dividing our country
You mean, thank 45 for the division.
He didn't divide anything your party that can not take a loss election cries and lies to you to divide stop the bullshit
You and Bernie are feeble old men .No one listens to you anyway .
Hope #45's supporters don't have to suffer too much as DJT continues to remove their basic rights and benefits.
@realDonaldTrump  Step 4 >We the people will call again! #Believe.
Looking for money 
1 stop playing golf 
2 ask your Rich friends
3 GUN TAX
In this case, trumpcare is a misnomer. trump has never cared for anything not named trump. I HATE the idiot! #trumprussia #TrumpColluded
When will you start paying your share instead of us supporting you.  Then ask questions.  NY's worst senator behind Clinton
I'm shocked! 
Before this revelation I thought it was a plan to make sure everyone had beautiful cover and lower premiums.
Thank you for all your effort on behalf of the people.  Now how can we get this man and his family OUT!?
At least he tells the truth - you should try it sometime
Wow you stutter a lot
Now if you'd only admit you have a small penis....all would be right in the world
Just to make rich richer. That's all he care about. Terrible.
Where are you guys?
That's one thing you need to do tell me what you do for your pay check
Of course it is. Serving the 1% has always been the main reason for their obsession w/blowing up best HC system we've devised so far
And will keep trying.
Is that all? Thanks
stop calling it trumpcare, implies its an ins plan and not a piece of legislation. u realize most people didn't know aca same as obamacare
First of all it's not Trumpcare! Do you really believe your rhetoric???
Truth. Something u. Reid polisi and Obama should try
That's cute senator
So blast ads. Get on @CNN @FoxNews @MSNBC @NPR @NewsHour &scream it or send @AdamSchiffCA & @SenWarren as surogates
Remember SCOTUS (Roberts) confirmed ACA because it was a tax when Obama and the rest of you liars said it wasn't? 
Of course, it's tax cuts for the rich.
Chuck, what's happening with the Russian investigation?
you are so full of lies...what a detriment you are to all Americans with your b.s.
Credit cards MAXED OUT FREE RIDE IS OVER TIME TO PAY UP #TERMLIMITS
Chucky how can you spread such lies on good Friday, shameful @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @politico
Hey chuck.    I'm surprised you recognize the truth.
Maybe you should come up with a plan of your own and fucking join the medicare-for-all bill @fakeresistance @fakedem
Yup, the @GOP must make the wealthy pay the lion's share of health care expenses for the working folks they feed off of.
What about the ACA being a hand out for special interest in the Pharmaceutical and insurance industry.
What can we do to stop this?
Yeah and Obamacare is great. That's why it is collapsing.
That is BS Chuck!
# ACA ruined our entire system and look at the cost. Special interest?

That's a great plan. Hope the Democrats works with them instead of act stupid again.  Hey
so. Thats why Trumpcare had to be passed first. Before tax reform. Thank you Senator Schumer.
Wanted to get a comment for @Snopes re: appointment of Don Benton to head Selective Service.
TRUMPCARE is NOT about HEALTH,
it is STRICTLY ●INSURANCE PROGRAM ●
AMERICA NEEDS HEALTH CARE,
PICTURED HERE!

NOT INSURANCE!
Senator Schumer do not cave into trump demands because the American people realize who are not trump supporters that he is against us.
@EllenMorris1222 
Give him the money then deport him to Syria!  Follow the money! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
So stop him
I tjink you are right
Finally #schemer read ACA? Help fix ACA.
When you look at yourself in the mirror are you sad,  or do you just avoid that activity altogether?

I DON'T WANT PEOPLE TO GET HURT--!  #PresidentSupervillain 
I won't allow my children fight for this fake president!
Lastly, if U want R country back "AMERICA" U MUST participate 2 get this VILLAIN out 
202-224-3121
CALL NOW-OPEN 24/7
With all due respect Sen.Shumer-4the MANY of us who DEEPLY RESENT the way the election was stolen, pleaseSTOP referring 2Trump as"PRESIDENT"
Careful Chuck. If we go into war with North Korea, @realDonaldTrump will blame it on @PPact #obama, and the tweets of Chuck Schumer.
Who believes you? We would believe the old Schumer not the partisan hack you've become
Can we pass some anti-lobbying legislation please? Otherwise I'll point out that retired politicians who become lobbyists lose protection.
@pinkspider4evr But 1 step is all that is needed to screw millions of disabled&low income seniors.
Take away medicaid.
Weak Crybaby. Weak.
All RyanCare: eroding Medicaid & leaving 24M w/o health insurance so rich get tax break is immoral. @realDonaldTrump played for a fool.
Why is it that the middle class gets screwed no matter what happens and insurance companies make billions in profits?
Whatever.  Congress is still acting like this country is not in danger.  Who cares about healthcare when we all might be dead by 2020?

Hi Chuck.  We missed you...you know...after Gorsuch...we didn't hear from you.  Glad you got your tiny Balls back. Looks bad for you. Sorry.
Surprised much?
Jesus Chuck..again with the seniors dying(Hillary style) kids starving(Lib style) cutting taxes for rich(Hillary again) be original..please
Thanks for fighting the good fight. We are NY strong. 2018 we will take back control. The GOP showed true colors. They are done.
Oboma Care Chucky, was a money stealing machine for 3 years before the first person was forced to buy it! And I do mean Forced!!
Trump and cronies need to go. They dont have any policies that are going to help the middle class. They're phonies, charlatans & criminals
Actually I'd Oboma didn't push the impoaability of paying for HC, all we need were some fair regulations not reinventing the wheel
Today we are tweeting & RTing 
#TrumpRussia
#Russiagate
#TrumpColluded
you all need to WORK TOGETHER to make insurance right for all people.  WORK TOGETHER.  Oh wait u cant be civil can you?
fake news!
Chucky there you go fake news you are listening to c n n. Too much or msnbc or some other dem news think for yourself that's a scary thought
What? Really? A POTUS that tells the truth? Hard to believe! I still thought I could keep my Dr.
Monday morning quarterback! Retire Chuck...please. Go and enjoy what's left of your life. Time for new New York blood.
Of course it is, Repubs r a feat of wealthy white males always will be!
Things in this administration are so weird I can't even tell what is sarcasm anymore!
what are your special interests besides hedge funds illegal aliens and making goofy WArren happy?
No you are lying again Chuck. Obamacare will be repealed and replaced. Just like everything else he did. Obama has no legacy.
Thanks for reminding people Mr. Schumer.  GOP shows its colors as anti-people - pro-1%.
Trump runs a better con than we do, but we can focus longer, we know what we want, and we are smarter.
And our cause is right and true!
worry about NYS for a change and not the entire freaking nation we are dying here w prop taxes, and  crime  cant leave our homes at night
44 universal healthcare nations in the world. Ask him why Americans couldn't deserve a better healthcare than people in those nations? WhyUs
.  ACA takes tax money that he could be giving to the rich.
He has to make a deal; here it is; Medicaid stays as it is; medicare buy in subsidy for age income or any other kind of junk insurance or
No insurance; mandate is gone; they have a free market and we have optional public option
I really wish people would stop putting "President" before his name. He does NOTHING to deserve that respect.
I call him #TOTUS
*T=Traitor*
LOL! Going to have to use that, if you don't mind!
Please do!
Make #totus great.
Tax cut no..Repeal of Obama's Tax increase..Yes
if only there were someone or institution out there in a position to do something about this blatant self serving use of power
Yet you still haven't admitted the truth about Obamacare. It's a disaster, you know it and you did nothing about it.
Chuck I gave you guys some ways to fix Obamacare & Tax Reform -We need this Chuck works some deals- I will help you guys fund projects in NY
When do impeachment proceedings start. Let's not wait until there's no country left.
Here is a simple plan revoke you're privileged insur and sign up for Ocare and then watch your position change bc you'll see how bad it is..
And Obamacare:bankrupt middle class force 1 payment system US can stand in line or die as per age need & class ie post office service
This man and his minions high jacked the Election and are taking our country into dangerous territory! He needs to be stopped!

For once in your life, be real, not political. It's NOT about you & your party. Its abt us who pay the bills, Jack!.
What a nerve you have to criticize president Trump when you sat quite for 8 years of doing nothing but shit under  Obama.9
Didn't see that coming!*

*No.. we really did.  Like a year and a half ago.
tax cuts for EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING! That's why we elected him. The dramacrats have no power. Doom and gloom tweets no longer working.
Trumpcare does not exist. Ocare is taxing EVERYONE, literally and figuratively. You've had years to fix what isn't working and have done zip
Trump is just there to make the rich expand their wealth,
So Chuckles, if Obamacare is so great, why isn't it working?  Why only one insurer in TN?  Why did AZ rates double?  Why don't you use it?
What are you going to do about it?
