You should be leading the charge for his impeachment!
Unfortunately, #Democrats aren't strong as they were ...
They need to find their mojo or we'll lose in 2018. Demand Impeachment! Plus lead on other issues.Resistance is trying but we need leaders.
Exactly ...
Has to be led by Majority party.
But DEMS need to keep pushing hard.
Islamic terrorists come2R country commit90%mass shootings/attacks &you fight 4sanct.cities!Yet u don't Fight4 Americas Sec.Amend.Rights!WTF?
What would you do when combated with 3 hurricanes &now a mass shooting!  WTH?  Y not concentrate on your job and DO SOMETHING!  U HYPOCRITE!
chucky it is time you stepd up AND DID U R JOB,pas the laws on the dokt,git gilie on bord. we the people hate the cuntgres mor then the nfl!
Trump has accomplished more in 8 month than C.S. Has done in 5 years unless U count obstructionism.
Being a President is not just about preaching the party line it is about fixing the Problems by leading with vision- VISION!
2ndAmend.Right isn't going anywhere!90%shooting/attacks have some kind of Islamic connection!Keep enemy out&leave the American pp alone!
I don't even know why he's going. Is he going to look at the crime scene, maybe go visit victims & tell them to "have a good time"? #impeach
POTUS would not be going and U would be criticizing him for that. So  shut up!

Democrats quick to throw NRA under the bus! If you're so concerned,  walk the streets of #Chicago! You don't want to talk about #Chicago!
Paddock was on valium big pharma responsible not nra guns don't affect your mind but valium or Prozac do
god dammit Chuck, you're from New York, how can you not smell his BS from a mile away, he's never going to do more, he's never done anything

When you're out there fighting for sanctuary cities but not the American people's second amendment rights there's something wrong w/ths pic!
Chuck you have no credibility. It is ALL anti President Trump. Its like you have your quotes/statements already written before things happen

Yes, there's more to do than throwing toilet paper at the victims.
Time for chuck to buck big pharma all mass killers are on prescription drugs like Prozac or valium with side effects of homicidal tendencies
This is what America-First violence looks like
A lone shooter in las vegas= entirely NRA members fault
A muslim runs over people with truck & screams allah arkbar: nothin 2 do with Islam.
When you 'buck' the unions, we'll listen but then again hell will be freezing over by then
shut up, do you have anything else to do besides twitting Hypo?
Why don't you help, instead of criticize.  Do your job, pass some legislations to help the American People.
Trump needs to do more but experience tells us he will likely do less or nothing at all.
Well... where is the Democrat's plan? Lay it out, let's hear it! But, no, it's easy to whine and blame, than actually do the work. Lazy
Are you suggesting he shouldn’t go to Las Vegas? Then maybe he shouldn’t have gone to the Gulf Coast, Florida, or Puerto Rico
Still waiting for sensible gun control legislation.
Chuckie ur sick
You and the Dimms need to do more than suck your thumbs Crying Chuck. Stop whining and attacking the president and act to help our
Instead of whining about guns, why don't you address Marxist terrorism, clearly this is Clapper's rogue work to overthrow trump
U want to bring in "refugees" from the Middle East & then want to confiscate guns & our ability to protect our families if need be- Hell, NO
Could Hitler have exterminated 6 million Jews if they had been able to protect themselves & their families?
We the People will NEVER SURRENDER OUR RIGHT TO PROTECT OURSELVES & our families because of the criminals!  Give it up.
U tell us not 2 judge action of million because of few when Muslims terrorize, but want to penalize law abiding citizens.
What he really needs to do is draft his resignation letter. In terms he'll understand - His ratings are terrible! Failing POTUS! SAD!
Arent you sworn to Protect&Defend the constitution? defend it! Including the 2nd Amendment! #KeepYourOath
Shouldn't you actually be doing something other than criticizing the President who works harder than all of you Democrats put together?
It's never a good idea for him to go anywhere where he representing America. He is an embarrassment and an idiot!
Trump is your best bet for a deal. Any Democrate cannot get one.
He will do nothing. He us incapable of rational thought or behavior. His PR stunt in PR was an embarrassment. Protect Mueller.
Where is the outrage for the victims families in Chicago? How about the criminal illegal aliens committing crimes in America? #KatesLaw
@SenSchumer Are you personally coming to take our guns?
Why are you so anti American?
No, its time you all stop bucking @potus agenda!!
u need too help trump in the past no on gun contral
Trump showing up at catastrophies does not constitute doing the right thing. He is incapable of understanding what would be appropriate.

Do you realize how many MORE illegal guns will be on our streets if you enact a gun control law? You can't be this blind to reality
NRA should not dictate what gun laws make sense for our country. Stop the gravy train for GOP$$$
No matter what he does you and your ilk will never be satisfied
Absolutely.
He’s too much of a coward to confront them. Their hands are too deep into everyone’s pockets. Maybe he’ll throw paper towels at people again
Hopefully they need paper towels in Vegas
All you can eat buffet ?
Why are you gald
Chuckle wants to disarm America? Hmmm not happening. See y’all in 2024. Gives you time to try to elect a dem again
NO Chuckie, YOU have to do more. The shooter was a left wing Goon, who shot at the crowd because they were pro trump, Christian, Americans.
I can't wait until you get voted out.
Watch ur own back yard Senator & tell the ppl how u accept campaign contributions from a Rabbi convicted of voter fraud.U live in a glass hs
election to take over the WH sad that you use politics for anything that has to do with helping the people
the nose on your face that is ALL you democrats are concerned with You don't care about the people You care about yourself and winning
say isn't worth anything to me anyways of course the democrats will back you up  just like trying to get votes for next year It is plain as
OMG every post is from YOU wow you had a lot of time on your hands to write all of that it took up the whole post too bad that anything you

Don't let a tragedy go to waste chucky. Even tho you have no effective answers. You just want your SHEEP UNARMED.

What? Be an obstructionist like you & yours You are so crooked that you can’t walk a straight line
What you need to do Schumer is Sthu your rhetoric is all hot air all you do is flap your mouth why don't you do more doing and less yaking

No way!
You blame the gun as you claim Trump blames Puerto Rico for the hurricane. Same logic!
So glad you approve. I can go to sleep now
You're way too nice to him.  Why?  He is unfit and a danger to all of us.
What is he going to do there, throw paper towels at them too?  He should stay home...
He fucked up Puerto Rico so badly, I have anxiety about what might come out of his big mouth.
I live here. I'm appalled. I'll probably get paper towels thrown at me & told to have a good time. Bought and paid for by the NRA.
Thank you, simply Thank you #stopNRA  End the NRA's enabling domestic terrorism
You’re kidding, right? What is within his actual actionable capacity that he could do to make things better? #crickets
violence a symptom. hate is the problem. partisan hate and division. no hate from the left,huh.
We don't want nor need him here!
Drop your  Armed Bodyguard @SenSchumer and show America what you really think of gun control.
He can throw paper towels to the first responders.
Draft impeachment papers. If he says things are tremendous, or that we need more guns, FILE THEM. He's a scourge on this country.
Impeach Impeach must Impeach Maxine Waters....
Wonder if he'll throw towels at them
Doesn’t matter what he does. Will never be good enough for you Mr all I do is complain and obstruct
Our president has done more for this country in the last 10 months than you have done....ever.
Chuckie the shooter is part of "Antifa" w possible ISIS connections....Antifa has posted the info if not a gun it could have been a "BOMB"
Inconsolable Left...
How about working where the vast majority of murders occur.
Just remember one thing boy! Nuremberg trials!
Do you fear ‘We the People’ boy, you public SERVANT?
"SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"!  Don't like the Constitution?  Find another Country to LIE TO and RUN IN TO THE GROUND WITH LIBTARDISM!
#enoughisenough
It is time for @POTUS to lead on this issue.  We cannot continue to lose innocent lives in this manner anymore.
What would you do?
Look how small his hands look. Tiny.
Is he planning to throw paper towels at them too?
If laws were effective deterrent , we would not have a DACA issue right?   Can't legislate integrity & can't legislate evil.  Laws B damned!
Is the NRA responsible for Chicago?  Chicago has the strictest gun laws and the city is a  mess. Mental illness is the issue. Not the NRA
Yea like trying to work w the obstructionists like u in dc
If anyone could get away with bucking the NRA it might be Trump. But he won't.
Name any additional law that without taking away our second amendment rights would have prevented this.
Nothing good about this clown visiting.
So he can spend another day embarrassing the US and causing more pain to the victims? Here's a good idea: impeachment.
The NRA doesn't kill people. Democrats with guns kills people. Lets ban Democrats!
He’s going to make more money by staying at his hotel
.@POTUS seems fully committed to the #NRAGunCartel. Why, I don't know. Gun industry is a mere $8 billion, only slightly higher than yogurt.
I guess it has something to do with death. #NoMoreThoughtsAndPrayers #GunControlNow
I think it’s a terrible idea. All that does is exhaust a stretched thin local and state police working hard to get LV back to “normal”.
Listen - no one should own an automatic weapon yes outlaw but do not try n take guns away from USA / criminals will always have guns
it is not the guns but the evil people this is what we need to get rid of
HE'S REVOLTING!
If we find that Stephan Paddock was a radicalized Muslim, will you advocate banning Assualt Rifles AND Muslims?
And if he's just a crazy white guy, we profile him how? Stop selling guns to white guys? Crazy white guys?
Just crazy white guys. 
haha I agree. Too bad that rule was rescinded.
Drain the Dems in 2018.  Flush the gun control loons.  Gun control killed millions via Hitler, Mao, Pal Pot, Stalin, and Dems #DrainTheSwamP
Please please please propose more gun control so we can clear more Dems out of Congress n 2018, any help y'all provide would be great. #MAGA
Introduce bill creating a law preventing elected officials from voting on any action that effects organizations that lobbied them with cash
The NRA is a great organization. Good people that don't cause trouble. I bet you live in a sercurity housing area. No body going to rob you.
He's done more then you & Obama did in 8 yrs. Why are you complaining?
Too bad you don't have a clue about what you talking about
@realDonaldTrump Will protect the 2nd  amendment!! Hey Chuckie, how many have died in chicago?
No Chuck...you are the one that has to do more! We've had with your fake rhetoric and fake concern...get to work !
What a stupid remark chuck. Glad he's going to LV "BUT HE'S GOT MORE TO DO"?   He's more than proven he knows that..........
He's been non-stop going to all these places back to back. He's already done a hell of a lot more than u and your cronies have done in years
Or they ever will do besides obstruct, divide and weaken.  #MAGA!
Pretty sure Murder is illegal and Vegas killer was not an NRA member. Your logic is not valid
Hasn't Las Vegas suffered enough?
What you been doing about gun legislation the past 8 yrs, Chuckie? Your guy would've signed your bill & kissed your A
You have been a senator for years and NY is a mess! You shouldn't say a word
Don’t be so glad yet. He hurt more than he soothed in PR today.
@waynelapierrejr IS A MASS MURDERER OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
What's ur tune going to be chuckles when it comes out shooter was politically motivated U and ur lefty BS. U Nancy & Hillery need to stop
You guys failed to tell us after your sit in last year on gun violence that you would not bring it up again until the next mass shooting
Ask @SteveScalise if taking down the NRA will help the situation. He can relate.
Thanks to your fascist ideology Mr Schumer I’ll be donating to the NRA for the first time in my life #2ndAmendment #NRA #StopLiberalFascism
He might as well stay home. He only embarrasses us all.
So Do you have more to do like take care of Equifax And not give them a pass like you're all trying to vote in either
When’s his tee time?
Everything is a game to 45.
Maybe he has extra paper towels to toss at people  #clownshoes #impeach45
God bless America and the NRA!!
Gun control wont stop what happened vegas. Bad people will find a way to commit crimes
There r crazy people everywhere.
Chuck Schumer just another hater all this violence in this country is because of the Democrats
and what more is that bleeding heart?
I live in Las Vegas. We don’t want him here.
Chuckie was the Weiner’s mentor and is very close to his cousim Amy, aka Plumper Barbie! He is an utterly corrupt red jihad sympathizer!
Truth is it won't matter what he does, Dems will be Dems. Always looking for something to disrespect to make yourself look better.
Do you know how many people have never heard of photo shopped and will take that photo seriously
If it is mental illness Chuck, why does the GOP keep taking mental illness coverage out of health care ? Inconsistent
#MAGA @SenSchumer resign
Where is he going to go? The place is a crime scene? Hardly to visit the wounded
Why don't you buck all of your lobbyist buddies, Chuckles? The whole Domed building full of corruption.
I'm sure Vegas isn't glad.
I don't own any guns, but getting loved ones, relatives, and neighbors to feel free to report possible problems is the answer, not no guns.
