You and you party are missing the point. Stop trying to Legislate healthcare and Legislate insurance companies.
1. Set premium limits bsd on % of reported income 3.5% or 0 OOP, for blw $50k inc 
2. Remove insurance companies as decision makers on care.
This is an interesting idea!
Thanks! That's what the country needs ideas that moves the process forward.
New ideas would be great won't happen with the Rs in charge. New ideas require them to give up the pharma pocket money. Time for a new party
Trump said he'd shake up DC, well he has. Better not to poke the bear. Lol
Darn I have a tendency to poke poke poke 
Universal Health Care please.
And wait 9 yrs for sugery, in the meantime live on morphine. I know this happens, you think our gov is going to be better than th UK?
I'd like to see the studies about the 'nine years waiting for surgery'
I have a friend in the Uk that did that. She just had surgery within the last month. I do not want the gov meddling in my health care.
"A friend". We all have that friend for internet debates don't we? People need to learn the difference between anecdotes and statistics
Sure buddy. And my aunt Gerty just went into the hospital in Germany, says their system is impeccable. There goes the narrative!
Luke,  sorry you have such a poor outlook, and no heart. Get a life.
Then start being bipartisan. Geez.  Talk about the pot calling the kettle black.
How can you be bipartisan when the republicans are drafting the bill in smoke-filled back rooms?
I do agree.  I dont like that either But he has obstructed and vowed to do so over everything he refuses to wrk with rep spade is a spade
At what point in the past seven years have the republicans had honest negotiations in health care with open hearings?
We the people end up taking these foolish sides when the people representing us dont do a friggin thing. Congress sucks.  No matter potus
One problem is the Hastert rule -- the GOP's policy not to allow votes on bills unless a majority of repubs approve https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hastert_Rule …
And ried changing the rules allowing a simple majority. Both sides do it. I hate hypocrisy. And call it out. They both do it and we pay 4 it
Dump Ryan an mconnell they are bad
And now we'll see if they're finally going to put America over their own disgusting politics
Of win at all costs
And shaming the poor
well you surely dont think we gonna listen to you now do you schmuckles ?? LoL
The only way it will ever get fixed is to get the blood sucking profit makers out of our healthcare.
Health care should be a right not an option for profit at the hands of the insurance industry. Medicare has lowest cost overhead of any ins.
Dems and you are the most 2 faced politicians I have ever seen in 30 years. You lie directly to your constituents and Pursue nothing
shoutout to my senator @PattyMurray for signing this.  I, and so many of your constituents, appreciate this action. Keep it going!
Here in WA, both our Senators kick mucho ass!
Yea tell them to kick big pharma ass no wait they wont get anymore money if they do that term limits cantdowell and slurray
That was some outstanding frontier gibberish, the incoherence of which will undoubtedly serve to inspire the next halfwit generation.
Lawyers 724k pharm/health 485k lobbyist 448k  health pro 389k  Ins 306k yep patty kicking mucho ass to bad its her constituents ass
Everyone takes money, how did they vote?
Since you're a good good research boy, surely you can point to them voting in favor of pharma?
So your good with influence peddling and patty working for big business and all the others. Well since im frontier i can hear u baaing
Hmm, just going to ignore me asking you to cite her voting against her constituents/for big pharma, eh?
Cool, cool, great work here today.
@SenShumer @senshum if Congress wants universal health care is so great, make yourselves part of it and live it like the rest of us.
There's a bill introduced in Senate Medicare 4 All. All Dems need to sign on to that bill. Then you can negotiate from position of strength
Imagine America in crisis and the GOP 
Deciding it's more important to win then to help America
They've done it before w/ little consequence
They are trying to correct YOUR failing aporoach.
July 10th? A late in the game...what have u been doing all year? Complaining, not working for us NYers. Shame.
Mr Schumer. You didn't want to work with Reps when Obama was in power.But now after gaining traction on repeal,now you want to work together
Well get off your asses and work together, instead of trying to throw President under the bus. Spend more time on the people you represent
why so we can have another democrat failed planned healthcare plan no thanks you had your chance didn't work
Sorry chuck. You lost. We don't need bipartisanship when all you want is single payer healthcare. Nope
Will never happen.   They're determined to get a win... any win.  They don't care about the financial,  political or human costs.
Oh and Senator your hair looks really great!!
sniff sniff
Where was your conserne about bipartisanship when you crammed ACA down our throats and cost our healthcare. #DNCHypocrites
Why don't you look at a way for welfare fraud to stop and them to pay it back
Stop supporting useless people who suck off society & can work
time for you to get things done in our country.Your voters are still waiting for you to make your promises come true.We obstruction only
@yrubored You're late!
Ha!
Toss your notes, Chuck. Get MAD! Where's your newsworthy, unscripted "I'm mad as Hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!" moment??
You go man! And by the way I am a republican.
A bunch of fakers
 Too Late #Chuckie !!!
#KING OF #OBSTRUCTIONISTS !!!
Fake tears Chuck has the nerve to speak of failure after months of lies & obstruction. Does he think the people are blind & short of memory?
Nice poll numbers you recieved today Chuck Nancy's Poll numbers even beat you that for sure is not saying much.Not many care to hear you.
Are you really admitting that Obamacare is a failure? Hallalujah!
Single payor?
You rammed through a hyper-partisan bill in a special session AFTER Democrats were fired. If GOP is fired in 2018, they can do likewise.
Actually Rand Paul has a great 4 page Bill, how about we use that one. #Repeal
why you following the GOP approach on the No Sanctuary bill? it will help criminalize all immigrants. gross.
I don't remember it being bipartisan with Obamacare.  Mark Levin knows how bipartisan you can be.
BS you liar. Demorats have done absolutely NOTHING for Americans. You are the one person who shouldn't show his face to this country.
Well the Democrats invented Obamacare which is a Huge Failure why should they start over with the inventors of Obamacare
It's time for the Dems to end their divisive obstructionism. We the People will remember what you've done!
Oh please do this asap!  Save our children who were born with pre-existing conditions. They deserve your help. Thank you.
Stop obstructing and start doing your jobs!
What's your plan ?   Oh, no plan... just obstruct!  Either lead, follow or get out of the way!
Health insurance does not equal healthcare
You should have been there in the 1st place, instead of lying to all America, hows that Turkey terrorism investigation going
Fox News is reporting that you are the reason the GOP healthcare bill has failed. Well. I have to say. THANK YOU #work4theUSA 
You didn't say that when Democrats crammed ObamaCare was being shoved down our throats. #Hypocrite
Because he DMEOCRAT HEALTHCARE PLAN "ACA" WAS SUCH A SUCCESS?!??  HAHAHA
you just shut up, you have not done anything in the past 30 years, besides eating from Michelle and Hussain Obama.
You mean the failed Obama plan
Start over meaning repeal Obama Care immediately!
So true!
Democrats obstruct and that is all they know how to do.  For all the good you Democrats do you might as well go home
Yeah we've seen democratic healthcare already sucks and it failed and you're the one that put it there Schumer

Glad to see my senator @SenStabenow finally in a leadership position :)
Your such an inspiration to us all so glad you're a Democrat
Maybe you Liberals should have put more thought into Obamacare prior to passing it.Pure garbage.Obamacare is a failure and it is your fault!
For those of u who eant single payer. Talk to a Vet first. It well take u 10 seconds to change ur mind
Ahole Chuck never disappoints... things are getting done now. People dont believe your bulls**t and you wont be invited in to obstruct
Good idea
Why? All u do is obstruct anything the do anyway
Maybe if you didn't initially create Obamacare behind close doors we wouldn't be in this mess!
Trying to argue with an idiot just makes us angry. We need to remove @SenSchumer and the rest of the obstructionists
You should have done that from the start..
Same old story, more government.
... hey Chuck Schumer, you used Trump's phrase "failing GOP"!
I do not agree with many of your points BzuT I do applaud your giving ideas to solve the problem. Maybe a Bipartisan solution will work.
hhhhhhh, add failing Obamacare, start over  and I'm with you.
Problem is #ComplicitRepublicans are without honor. #TrumpDontCarePlan AKA #RepublicansF$&kYouAct set to become law #TakeOffGloves
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse STOP your childish, divisive, incompetent, & badly FAILING ways to bring America together NOW
Anything near Obamacare is unacceptable you guys know it now fix it
Good for you, at least someone is trying to keep law and order alive.  Not that anyone cares anymore.
There's one thing wrong with your statement Chuck. Whenever you Dems talk bipartisan what you mean is your way or no way.
No need to start over, Chuck.  MEDICARE FOR ALL!  We have it....it works....the people love it.  Do what the citizenry want, for a change!
Chuck, you know nothing. You never had to deal with Obamacare one on one and know what a nightmare it is for the middle class. Your agenda!
time for obamacare to be gone.All you did was lie about how great obamacare was.It was full of taxes and high premiums.No one cared
Too late/ get rid of freeloaders/ defund plan parenthood/ cut Medicaid to freeloaders/ overhaul welfare/ get rid of free programs/
Solid ideas. I wish I believed GOP was actually interested.  Health care is too important to be used as a political football. Lives matter.
FIX the ACA!  sick n tired of the games; GOP Congress, do your job! Enough w/the lies n deceit, where there is smoke there is fire! #treason
Why should Americans believe you all you shown us Resist
While you are f*cking around on healthcare, why not have some hearings so those who care can get their job done?
Thank you Sen Schumer for trying to work with repubs who clearly don't care about Americans!
Instead of attacking the republicans, try working with them.. Stop being a sore loser and help the country. we didn't vote for a Dem agenda
We need single payer for all Senator. Please work with @SenSanders on this. Thank you!
Everything you propose increases our costs. Best approach is for government to get out of the healthcare business....
True
Enough's enough. Fight for single-payer. I'll feel bad for the regular folks who work for insurance co's. The greater good is more important
Beware, danger, danger! Why work with the failed Republicans to earn them a win with voters because they're too radical? You lose, we lose.
Better late than never I guess
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
YOU want bipartisan? You have obstructed the President WE elected! You need to resign! You are hurting America!
Only happens when everyone says "Ok no bargaining just brainstorming as one united for all Americans". One can only pray that will happen.
How about a clean slate get rid of all of the AHCA and start over.
You're a complete phony. When your party had 60 V you wouldn't even talk to the Republicans! You are a FRAUD
Chuck stop crying and help @realDonaldTrump pass his agenda so we can #maga
You had 8yrs of chances chucky.
Just like u did with Obamacare behind closed doors and wouldn't allow any republicans to join in.  U hypocrite!
I wouldn't let you take charge of changing my toilet paper roll.  Your incompetence is clear and your obstruction is shameful #cryingchuckie
It's time 2 destroy evil DEMON ANTI-AMERICAN lying DemonRats! 2018 take all seats! NEVER ANOTHER DEMON devil COMMI IN OFFICE! Wessel Schumer
If @SenateMajLdr will put aside his petty partisan repeal issues and allow ya'll to work together, America CAN be great again!!! @ussenate
#impeachtrumpnow we can deal with healthcare when he's out of office. You cannot continue with business as usual until then.
it seems we must wait for the WH and GOP to stop obstruction. Bipartisanship is its own set of checks and balances.
We wouldn't be in this mess if everyone got along to make ACA better. We all know it's not perfect, but come on, work together!
@GOP REPEAL. REPEAL REPEAL DONT NEED GOV TO PICK WHO LIVES /WHO DIES LIKE LONDON CHARLIE
End the obstruction Senator the American people are watching with an eye on 2018
 YOUR OBSTRUCTION!!
I got charged for a full MRI on a Partial MRI
Ok and drop MRI prices at Hospital emergency rooms  and C- section prices by 65%
Please Senator. They are just not into you 
It's time to fill appointments to cabinet instead of tweeting stupid shit over and over quit going on vacation and get something done
you have never done anything bipartisan in your life. all you want to do is obstruct while america hurts!!
Working together starts with Chief Clown @SenSchumer whos only agenda is slime ball obstructionism.
It's not a Healthcare problem it's a Gov. run ins. problem! Cash Cow for Chuck You Schumer and Congressional Mafia. Your a FRAUD!!!!
You Are HURTING the American people with Obamacare Repeal it now and save America
"Senate Democrats are putting [Trump's] nominations through time-consuming parliamentary procedures not seen by the previous admin 0-4 2018
SENATOR Please Do something about this! 2nd time in 2wks! 160,000 affected Last time No TV NO PHONE INTERNET-SPECTRUM F Hills RegoPK!
Why now? After fighting it for 8 years and trying to stop everything @POTUS has tried to do. Maybe because the world is sick of your crying
You keep using that word (bipartisan), I do not think it means what you think it means....
Nothing unless you folks are no longer exempted from it! Nice try though loser
After all the lies & the disastrous NObamacare law, Cryin' Chuck has #zerocredibility
#CharlieGard is a prime example why we don't want or need the govt involved in healthcare !!! A Judge decides if you live or die !!
You belong in Europe chuck.
it's time for you to retire, Pal
When you cried for the refugees did it break that tiny, frozen, pulseless, sack of nothing you call a heart?
Thank you for your efforts
Vomit worthy....Republicans ON VIDEO pushing through BIG PHARMA BILL - 60 Minutes Expose: Lobbies Rule America
It's time to eliminate a FOR-PROFIT Healthcare system when politicians profit off healthcare stock.
Glad you're trying, but all of these require more federal $, so taxes, none address high cost itself.  Don't want federal run HC
whats failing is #Obamacare - If it wasn't it wouldn't need to be fixed #MAGA

Single payer, free cable tv, free food, free car, free soda, free house and not have work the rest of my life. Why not, asking for it now
Just do ur damn job and stop playing to ur base. Or stay on a permanent recess. You will never be president. Get over it
Has hell frozen over? I don't expect you'll have any consensus with GOP. They are dangerous.
These R not solutions.Epic Fail. U had your chance & self emp mid class went down the tubes,U did NOTHING. Just another chance 4 U to Resist
Thank you.  Lets see if the douche turtle actually accepts it.  My gut says no.  Sadly.
Yay! This is what we need. Spread the message of workable solutions far and wide. Please listen for the sake of our people, @SenateGOP !
But, Senator, all of these measures would pick the pockets of billionaires counting on the tax cuts they bought and paid for. What gall.
Be honest, your not willing to work with the GOP
Bipartisan ALWAYS means giving into the left & BTW, it's the Dim-only approach (O-care) that's failing here.
Why in a democracy, do we have to hear from Mitch McConnell that as a last resort, we may have to work with the Democrats?  Do we not matter
It's time for Single Payer
It's time the Dems step up and endorse a Single Payer plan.
Thank you Senator Schumer.  If you hadn't tweeted this, Session's would say he doesn't remember this document.
I DARE U 2 watch this, Chuck.
I am for improving Obamacare but against any collaboration with the Republicans; they are not trustworhty - like their president.
I don't remember the Dems inviting the GOP to participate in the ACA. Also, you messed it up the first time. Why is this time different?
Bipartisan way? Are you that hypocritical. Wow.
Thought your Obama care was so wonderful. Now your saying start over. Guess you lied to us when the DEMS ONLY passed it. You lying now too
THAT'S  what our President Trump wanted to do months ago! Now it's OK because it's YOUR idea, huh! Go away.
Obamacare cannot be fixed it's not possible. Repeal-and-replace now.
Universal Healthcare, Universal Healthcare, Universal Healthcare, Universal Healthcare, Universal Healthcare, Universal Healthcare!
U r pathetic! Ur interests aren't 4 the ppl, they r 4 ur self, period! All of u need 2 grow up & work with our Pres! 4 the good of the ppl!

Correction sir, we're moving away from the failed Dem-only approach known as #Obamacare. You weren't bipartisan then, but you should be now.
GOP NEVER EVER TRUST A DEMOCRAT---> EVER
bipartisan way like how Obamacare was rammed thru?
This should be our response when republicans ask, "where's your plan?"
The government should never be America's health provider
What have you accomplished all the time you have held office, except give away money from working Americans while you get every benefit free

Good try Senator, but when it comes to the other side, it's knock knock nobodies home!
Just like ewe democrats did ?
Shut up politician 
That sounds like you want to help pay peoples insurance. The idea is to get the government OUT of healthcare. Nice try though.
human beings by their Creator, and which governments are created to protect.  HEALTHCARE = LIFE, fight for us
The phrase gives three examples of the "unalienable rights" which the Declaration says have been given to all
"Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness" is a well-known phrase in the United States Declaration of Independence.
Get the world together. Healthcare for all. #HCFAH
u @mfay1957
Why? I thought ACA was wonderful and there is nothing wrong with it!
i dont trust the traitors now.   that ship has sailed
Sen Schumer can you please answer my questions? I am a citizen of the United States so therefore deserve a reply.
TIME FOR U TO SEEK EMPLOYMENT ELSEWHERE!
#AmericaFirst
@GOP killing #Americans by
sabotaging #ACA.
Thank you for your efforts Senator. I wish @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz cared as much about their constituents and all American citizens.
Wgy change it. Chuckie you all said it was great
