Chuck you're a liar, I will send you gobs of research if you ask for it, it's time to educate yourself
AMEN I worked all my life now being on SS I'm even poorer once I was told I didn't get more because men have families to take care of
at the time I was raising a 6 year old daughter with no child support is that not raising a family??
"The rising tide lifts all boats." #EqualPayDay
Tell that to Your colleague Elizabeth Warren who is disrespecting the women on her staff with inequitable pay for the work they do.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS MANIAC!!!! Women aren't CHATTEL! #WomensRights #EqualPay #EqualRights
No comment on Rice eh?
Chuck I'm being to feel you are rubbing this wage difference in.
Yeah yeah equal pay losing privacy everything to divert from OBAMA and Susan Rice we see it 
Women should think about that when they choose to major in gender studies instead of engineering.
Why did  you mnot address this same issue since the past  8yrs.Have  you forgotten that democrat controlled the house? Demsenators are liars

THATS SCHUMER'S MOTHER TALKING TO CHUCKY BOY THE DAY HE LEARNED TO SPEAK
Hey Chucky how about that Susan Rice thing? How's this gonna effect her pay scale?
We'll all we have to do Chuck is arrange a job paying big bucks for them, like head if the DOT or Library. Problem solved, right?
#stopthepropaganda
Women should simply stop having babies & focus on higher education & careers. #Mommies holding ALL women back! #EqualPayDay #maternityleave
You can always lead by example. Some Clorox I hear is efficient.
Stunning that there is still such a huge #paygap in with Women making up over 50% of the work force. #womensrights #TuesdayMotivation
There is no pay gap, it's a myth. At least with every company I've ever worked for.
Start with take home pay. Single women in Military earn less than a Married man or same work.
Military pay is based on rank, not job. A PFC is not going to make the same as a Sargent, even if both doing the exact same job.
The pay gap only exists because women do not work as trash men, welders, janitors, mechanics, and numerous other positions that are hazards.
The pay gap doesn't exsist so it doesn't affect anyone.
#paygapmyth
Chucky attacks women trying to dine with family and friends. Don't trust Chucky. He lies. Constantly.
If you're so concerned Chucky, why didn't you do something about it when you were in majority?
@k_greenberg ur former boss tweeted my current org's research omg <3
The looney Left done nothing to help this problem in the past decade??? Time for the grownups to step up and do what needs to be done. #MAGA
You could help by lowering taxes, Stop government waste, and stop grandstanding and work fir the American people not the Democrat Party.
doesn’t really care about this.
It also doesn't really exist.
It does though. It depends on the field of course, but there's a lot of disadvantages women in the workplace face.
Examples?
Women are paid less in almost every field, regardless of education. The gap also widens with age. This affects later pensions.
Are they FORCED to accept the "lower" wages?
Chuck, why does the GOP hate women & America?  Their whole approach seems to be that if Obama had something to do with it, it's gotta go.
It's the Democrats that hate women, they support muslim countries and their abuse of women.
http://freebeacon.com/issues/elizabeth-warrens-female-staffers-made-71-less-male-staffers-earnings-2016/ … 
#EqualPayDay
Say danger is comming in a year far enough away to not be able to prove yet, but close enough to worry us.
Just like 2015 and the ice caps.
Sssshhhhhh,now go go go your not relevant anymore we voted the way we wanted TRUMP PRESIDENT TRUMP
MUST keep close eye on #GOP! Women's issues are being REVERSED! We MUST vote GOP out of office!!! #VoteOutGOP #SaveUSA #PayGap #EqualPayDay
SOCIAL SECURITY!!!
You have lost your mind & credibility #termlimits http://pagesix.com/2017/03/27/schumer-loses-cool-with-trump-supporter-at-swanky-restaurant/?_ga=1.84344977.900017482.1434638142&utm_campaign=SocialFlow&utm_source=NYPTwitter&utm_medium=SocialFlow&sr_share=twitter …
So what the hell have you done the past 8 years? You are all talk and NO ACTION! What are you doing now on this? Publish
Do you pay your women as much as your men. Dems seem to have a disconnect when it comes to this. You talk but don't walk.
Yes I think about it every tax season.
Ever heard of the Equal Pay Act?  We already have that law on the books!
Then put back the money you stole from Medicare and social security
Why are 7 Dems voting for Gorsuch!?  Who are they? We need to know BEFORE VOTE, not after!
Why don't you talk to Fauxcohontas about that one Schmucky. Hypocrite Democrats
This from a full blown BIGOT!!!!
yes we have thought of that.
Amen!
we need #BasicIncome
And how long have you been in office? Other than barking I'm not seeing a lot of action from democrats. Except messing up the world ,
Isn't this against the law? Equal Pay Act of 1963?
I am thinking about that!
If this were true, Beautiful Latinas would have all the jobs. Because no one would pay more for the exact same work.
Pay gap also impacts family wealth, children's college and even grandchildren !!
your face is a goblin's.
Fake News. The inequality of pay issue has been completely debunked.
The #PayGap is largely a myth. Do your homework.
Notice that it is generally MEN who say that there is no pay gap or pay inequality?
maybe it should be called Equal Pay Day goal 2059
Chuck you are a total nut. Get it
Chuck not a word about bombing in Russia, was it from some of terrorist you fight for?
#thecryinggame #tearsofaclown #pedophilepal
Correct!!!!!
Career length, education, title...the job wage gap disappears. Do the math and stop showing slanted statistics.
Apples and oranges. Stop lying to the ppl.
With all the muslims you let in by then equal pay won't matter.  Muslims=no women rights
What about the pay gap for all people? Why can't we all make the same amount of money, no matter what job we have?  It's just not fair. Waah
Chuckie, do you ever seek to accomplish anything positive? All you seem to do is take non-issues and seek to obfuscate. NY'ers deserve more!
And their children. Many are heads of household.
OUR President should definitely incidentally wiretap his political adversaries and redact their names and phone numbers. There is precedence
Thanks Sen.Schumer for being the voice of thousands.Your hard work,support,love for Constituents of NY, Amer ppl, Country.
Women lose $10,000 a year,  $1/2 mil lifetime in inferior wages
piss up a rope Chuck
Chuckles stop forcing minorities out of your neighborhood is that part of the gambino crime family policy we all know they own you

Dems are vile lawbreakers who tried to steal the election. Your candidate was such a horror, you couldn't even win by cheating. #RiceGate 
With so many single mothers with dead beat dads, it is imperative this be addressed! Thank you Senator! Former Single Mom!
You are nuts. The courts hold men responsible. Who are you kidding. You democrats will say anything.
The phrase should be "Equal pay for equal work!!"  If you do the same work then you should get the same pay ... nothing else.
think about your new supreme court judge chucky
CUT THE TRUMP FAMILY PAY TO ZERO DOLLARS ACROSS THE BOARD AND SEE WHAT REACTION THAT GETS FROM DADDY WIFE'S AND KIDDOS
SSI reduced affecting health and welfare as women age
Myth.
I made less because I refused to travel, work long hours, manhandle freight. Coworkers who did made more, as they should. I am not a victim
That's not really what this is about, though. It's about women being offered less, from benefits to pay.
My point is, the "pay gap" will remain as long as women choose caring for family over career. Many do.
But that's not really what the pay gap is. It's literally being offered less money.
So the "stats" are all calculated by what women are offered when they enter the workforce or what women are making as opposed to men?
They're calculated based on a number of data sets, most importantly the CBS data, a monthly population survey of 100,000 people.
I'm not disputing some women are paid less in some cases, I question the circumstances as to why. Stats will likely always show discrepancy
Unfortunately, there are several reasons, the primary one being that women are still not considered as valuable in the workplace.
Looks like you get. Paid better if you are educated, simple, as it should be.
The pay gap is a lie. Do your research.
Socialism, that's what Chuck wants
Talking helps but actions are the key
Wake up Chuckie boy!! What pay gap? I've earned well more than my husband for our 30 yr marriage. Same with my sis, who are you talking bout
This comes from the man who bullies all women in congress to vote the way he wants. Real advocate for women?
Isn't it gunna be awesome when Gorsuch gets into Supreme Court? Ur gunna look like a loser for filibustering
@SenSchumer WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DEMAND SOMETHING DONE ABOUT THE WASHINGTON SPIES INVESTIGATION TO SUSAN RICE @BarackObama
#Fix Obamacare
there's a #PayGap just like there is a #GradeGap no two students and employees are the same #EqualPayDay
Go home
As a woman thank you, this administration is terrifying in every way.
I'm embarrassed to have you as my Senator...Wait...Your NOT my Senator 
Any support or advice for the THOUSANDS of striking labor @GetSpectrum employees? TENS of thousands affected.  No pension or benefits.
Thank the Democrat's for forgetting about American workers.  My plant closed because of Obama care
also pay to women typically goes to support family at proportionately higher amnts benefiting more people.
Tick tock, Chuckie.
Help crazy Chuck Schumer has fallen and he can't get up
Chuckie you're so smart
You are a liar and a fool.
When accounting for field of work and time in position the wage gap essentially disappears. Fight for better maternity benefits.
So...the Dems had complete power for 4 years.  What did YOU DO ABOUT IT.?  NOTHING..you bag of wind. Trump will fix it without u
Don't you have a filibuster to attend?
#PayGap is @SenSchumer latest fantasy. Where is your proof Senator? Or do you just parrot the #feminist lies?
Shut it #russiantroll
Heh, that is all you got. Nope, just a #2A #1A #MAGA loving #VolunteerFirefighter with a biz degree who knows wage gap is a myth. #facts
I wonder if u have ever thought about this before 2017 and President Trump? Impeccable timing Chuck.
STOP TAXING AMERICANS EXCESSIVELY! LOWER YOUR PAY & JOIN OBAMACARE YOU HYPOCRITE SLIME POLITICIAN!
THE GOP Good ole boys CLUB would like 2 strip women of the right 2 vote, if they could. Bunch of pregnant & kitchen believers.
That is a #StupidStatement
Would think the GOP would hire only women so they could save on employee costs!!!
Yeah makes sense that all of the greedy corporations would gladly choose to pay equally qualified people at the lower rate hiring only women
#confirmgorsuch
20 yrs childcare, no benefits, no pay raises, longer hours, no pto, technically employee of state yet no state healthcare/retirement benefit
You want retirement for raising your kids?  #WeRaisedOursOutOfLove
Trump the man who brought us the 'Grabbing Them By The Pussy' craze cares about women's issues ya think? #NotOneIota
Podesta's emails from Wikileaks showed a huge $112k pay gap between the highest paid man & woman in the Clinton Foundation. Equal pay Dems?
Chuck Schumer how long have you been in senate to change the law for equal pay?
Still tweeting about this MYTH?? The pay gap simply doesn't exist. Do a TINY bit of research, but you know your audience is gullible...
Show Us Schumer how all the women on you payroll are paid equal or higher pay . Trump has a record of paying equal or more pay. YOU DO NOT
I am waiting for: Raise Minimum Wage Day and Earn Interest From The Bank Day and Increase Social Security Day @NRSC @SenateDems @CNN @WSJ
Nice th POS just signed 2 ROLL BACK EQUAL PAY 4 WOMEN@realDonaldTrump is #deplorable 
#NoGorsuch
Speaking of women, what do you have to say about Susan rice?
go fillabust something while the rest of us make America great again.
You mean while the rest of you start a war with north Korea. Trump voters are stump dumb just like Trump.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Yes it does
Stop treating women as if we're too intellectually inferior to negotiate our own pay/benefits. You still have no clue why you lost, do you?
