Many States & Co'ys are telling Trump to drop dead. So, it's a good thing! He's accelerating the process! Trump = most despised POTUS ever!
yes he has overtaken obama it appears, but I like him he is a true hero with great policies on immigration
Chuckie hasn't a Clue,anyone that thinks Hillary would make President,Americans aren't Stupid,he is Ignorant,that's being Nice !
You know that Pres. Trump is doing right by American Taxpayers & American Interests when he is criticized by Democrats & the MSM. MAGA!
This makes no sense
MSM and Democrats don't put American interests first. Hard to understand?
Yes that is hard to understand. Please explain why you think that.
Paying for a "global" initiative when your country is in financial trouble  is putting other countries first
And the president even said if other countries will negotiate a deal that's fair to us taxpayers, he is open to rejoining. It'll happen
I think the tax deal he just made in the name of reform clearly shows that Trump doesn't care about taxpayers.
Neither you or I know yet for sure.
Wath face !!!
This dude is in need of a mental hospital.
Shameful that you promote #fakenews about @realDonaldTrump. You're more than disgusting.

These speeches in the Rose Garden today are pure pandering to low information voters/Trump base. Doesn't even make sense!
Neither do the Trumpies in here, who are proud to join the great nations of Nicaragua & Syria as non-signatories.
Love how you defend that turd of an agreement blindly, and most like have not read it. Read it, it's detrimental for the US.
It won't change a thing.   It don't mean nothing.
If it was so important why didn't Obama /Dems get the Senate to approve it? Your a hack Chuck and we have you and your friends figured out!
You're*
Danny get a life.
No evidence of climate change exists, but there is evidence that scientists faked results, just like the news!
The U.S Economy Needs 2 Be Heal,Paris Agreement is a Wasting money Contract for tax Payers &Doesnt have any Benefit for U.S Citizens @POTUS
Thank you for pulling out away from those communist socialist lying no-good pieces of s***
Thank GOD our President Trump is looking out for the people of the USA!  You sure as hell are not! Socialism is dead!
Silly Chuckles it's your story tell it however you want...
#FakePresident
Earth to tRump, "Drop Dead!"
COULD YOU IMAGINE THAT PELOSI & DEMS THINK THEY ARE GOING TO TAKE BACK THE HOUSE - THE WAY THEIR ACTING THEY COULDN'T WIN DOG CATCHER

All this meme says is; you have NO IDEA what you're tweeting about. Must be a Trumpanzee. #moronstweeting #trumpanzeecrap
Waiting for your answer.  Great meme because it has facts in it.  You should try them!
Real professional Sen Schumer. Maybe Schumer should be investigated by Secret Service!!
Hey Chuck.. most Americans did not know anything about this...WONDER WHY THAT IS? Wht is wrong with making this fair to our country?
Take a class in econmics and one in ecology and get a heart of our future generations
The future generations who will have 2 pay the 20 trillion in debt..that generation? U s/learn 2 spell 1st before u make recommendations.
Obviously you need the class I suggested. No relationship to our USA debt. Poor sheep
Baa look who is talking
No Will.. just job loss & tax payer $$$.. who needs the class??  Not me..U think this $$ comes from unicorns and rainbows..
You definitely drank the cool aide
Unlike you/other leftists, Trump is doing what we elected him to do. You and I both know that their are a number of Dems that are happy too.
yes, but most won't admit it because they automatically hate anything Trump does
Most CEOs are Democrat donars that made you rich. They want to push Globalist crap and you sold out the American worker a long time ago.
Earth to Chuck Schumer:
.@SenSchumer needs to go. Part of Gang of Eight, Informed there's no Russia Collusion. Lies to constituents because he's part of the swamp!
really glad I left being a DemonRat,  now, I'm an, AMERICRAT,  AND WILL FIGHT TO MY LAST BREATH, TO TAKE YA DOWN. POS
The founder of the weather channel says global warming in a hoax.  But I'm sure you know more than him. Lol
@SenateDems We Agree With you Senator Chuck Schumer Vincent and I @LambdaLegal Lawfirm
Buffoon
Nancy Peelosi looking for Chuckie Schumer's brain!
I hear it snowed in Moscow in June! Does that look,like 'global warming' to you? Maybe you should do a little reading up on it!
Take the PARIS ACCORD and get it ratified by the Senate. If not, submit your plan for Healthcare Reform. TAXPAYERS ARE PAYING YOUR SALARIES!
your fake climit accord is a money grab. We don't care what you lying Democrats think because you lie at every question.
....you are a disgraceful representative of a politician. I am embarrassed for the Democratic party and what it now represents.
This is the Dems way of doing business "Lets take the first deal even if it screws the American economy and Americans".
you are a CLIMATE HOAXER
When did the President get so much power? Frightening!
He looks soused in this photo!

This is EXACTLY why Independents like me will NEVER VOTE for a Democrate in the near Future. Just HATEFUL and CHILDISH!
I get the feeling a lot of democrats planned on getting paid off from the big bucks from this deak.  I insist you call for an investigation.
Phoney  sob nancy screwer
Stop your lies.
Give me a break feom the Dem drama.
He's an idiot
Come on Clucky, time for some more alligator tears... lol# phony thief u r
@realdonaldtrump Thats what happens when they put a moron in charge. Parasite trump is as big a LOSER any other terrorist.
Grow up. Give us the counter proposal. Leave the petty stuff to people like me with no power.
@islandpastor Sad - as Macron said, there's no plan B as there's no planet B
@senschumer stop this & work on a new commencement speech. The 1 you've been giving for 4 years says a lot of your creativity & passion.
@SenSchumer, he nothing but a fraud who doesn't deserve to be in office.
China sure running their mouth about the withdraw and they haven't done nothing to to cut their pollution! Bogus deal for USA!
Finally someone in the WH that quit pissing taxpayers money away! Now...Let's work on a salary cut for congress 
America voted for @realDonaldTrump for @POTUS   so that he could get us out of this phony climate BS.  It's not even real Science! 
#MAGA
"I'm on my meds" face.
Breaking news! Chuckie will cry on @CNN later today. It's just mean spirited blah blah blah. Wind bag
Chuck, you can't even fix the Senate minority, but yet you're trying to fix the planet? @SenatorSchumer #resignschumer #TermLimits
BULLSHIT
We who pay your salary remind you, you don't work for Democrats. You don't work for voters. You work for me, the American Taxpayer. Work!!
Chuck come on. You are based on lies. Sorry, guess you lost all that money you invested in this one.
Thank god we got a president that looks after America not that that bastard Obama who tried everything to bring us down
You are another #hypocrit, have you EVER flown commercial? I didn't think so
If Chuck Schumer is so for this Paris agreement let him pay the money out of his own pocket.

If only people would put on their thinking caps instead of being sheep. 
leadership is not about getting the best deal its about guiding the way... @realDonaldTrump has no understanding of this...
Such Bullcrap, most CEO that are pushing Paris agreement have some stake in the climate change industry (ie govmny subsidy,)
To The Horror Of "Global Warming Alarmists" Global Cooling Is Here ~ A Mini Ice Age for 200-250 Yrs 
this is MAGA ...cost what cost..."America First"...not a example to follow!...
Key word is BIG corporations all the rest of us gets slid down the river
Get over it/ not a binding agreement and we were paying trillions of dollars to support the rest of the world.  Grow up or resign!!
Yada, yada, yada!  If only you had thought of it first.
6) OF THE FREE WRLD AGAIN! POTUS TRUMP HAS RESTORD OUR DIGNITY!! WHAT HAVE U DONE 4 THE REAL MERICAN CITIZENS? SCHUMR?!?
5)U Care Nuthin abt The PPL! U Only Care abt the PPL'S $$!! TRUMP SHWS STRNGH! OBMA means WEAKNESS! We're LEDRS AGAIN!
You lost. We're dominating. Prepare for MAGA.
This is so childish. Have you no pride man? Do you not care what anyone thinks of you? You represent people. This isn't about you. Grow up.
4)2 Trvl, None of Yur Hmes R Eco-frindly! B/c U kno IT'S All B.S 2 Scare The IGNORNT MASSES! $$ Does Nthing 4 Clmte Chng
3) U ACT LIKE PPL R STUPID?! ClimateChnge hs been Debunked! U DEMS COMPLAIN ABT IT, BUT JUMP IN2 PRIV. JETS,,,,QUIK!
2)Of Creating OPPOSITION!?! WE THE PPL WNT REAL POS+CHNGE! & TRUMP IS TRYING TO DO THAT! STOP LYING ABT GLOBAL WARMING
1)Schumer I wish that U & othr Dems, Put This MUCH Effort into the Improvin Our Inner Cities & Wrking w/Potus! Instead
You misunderstand sir, this is People to Swamp - Get Drained!   #ParisClimateAgreement
Did you hear HRC blame the democrats for her lost to DT? Some constituent you have there Chuck.
Hey Chuck how much money are you losing?
Yea big CEO that have majority in china.




Chuck is off his med's again
You're a royal POS Schumer! And a FREAKING LIAR!
This deal would cost Over 100 trill by 2100, and it may reduce the earths temp by 3/10 of 1% according the UN models
are you the hoax like climate warming the other counries are mad because we are not paying them anymore how come china was not following
Schumer, you're like that kid we all knew in school that was a greasy ****ing imp and always ran his mouth.
You can be sure he has many skeletons in his closet. The Great Obstructionist is how he will be remembered in history books.
If he's remember at all, it will only be in relation to greater men, yes.
OBSTRUCTIONIST SCHUMER WORRY ABOUT NEW YORK NOT SOMETHING YOU CAN'T PROVE LIKE CLIMATE CHANGE
I got no problem with his decision.  You, on the other hand, are a trivial person.
This is #MAGA?????
If a policy decision makes you this mad, then I will rest easy knowing that we have made the correct decision. You lose again, Chuckie.
Blah blah blah
you corrupt POS! Our tax dollars are staying in America
Oh no who will save us now that our managerialist wet-dream can scam the proles out of even more of their livelihoods
@cspanwj Suck it up, Chuck. You lose... again.
Why is it that China and India do NOT have to reduce carbon emissions for 20 yrs?  Where is the international fairness there?
Americans to Chuck Shumer: Drop Dead, seriously start acting like a leader not the riot leader.


@pqpolitics 
#ClimateRube
Chuckie: Too bad your dad didnt "Pull Out". This world would be a better place.
Couldn't be prouder of @realDonaldTrump's decision. The #Parisclimateaccord is a farce & a complete waste of time & resources.
Big deal! Parroted groupthink there Schumer. Then again that's what drives you.
It's all about power and control with you. Those upset is bc they will not receive part of the slush fund. @POTUS is the best leader & USA
So embarrassing. Stupid or liar and you're not stupid Chuck.
The invention of the USB storage drive saved more trees then all conservation efforts combined. The Paris deal was a bs waste of our time.
Chuckie, you are the biggest problem of all. Do yourself a favor and Google "Vostok ice core" & educate yourself.
"Big CEOs) you mean globalist trying to kill the american economy.  Best thing Trumps done so far and 7.8 years to go #MAGA
Fake news! Global warming such BS!
So stupid.... anyone whose evaluated the non binding unenforceable "agreement" knows it's a horrible deal.... no, the world is NOT ending
You rather have our country fail then our POTUS succeed... You are not American...You are a Radical
At least invest billions to get that critical change. This was just an NW0 Scheme.
.02% change in temperature in 30 years yeah real crisis Chucky
Chuck, you should go to the woods with Hillary.

How about doing something constructive for the first time in your Minority Leader status, instead of THIS nonsense...
GOOD
Schumer the Schmuck
Will the sky litterally fall now ? OMG RUN RUN ....... you kinda resemble Chicken Little
Find  a safe space you poor snowflake #MAGA
Cure the cancer in America and defeat Democrats in Congress.  Liberals is a mental illness killing America led by @SenSchumer .
Unclear why this is bad but you condone BHO for entering into this multi billion dollar Accord on an Executive Order bypassing your branch??
Americans don't have any faith in dingy Democrats either.
Little Chuckie, Trump has made America a world leader again instead of of just another follower in the Paris COSPLAY Save the World Club!
Taxing the working poor and middle class more for energy is not going to "stop the climate from changing". retard.
Congress? If Trump tried to make same deal you'd be the first one on tv saying it has to ratified by Congress @SenSchumer
Chuck I have a feeling you and all your relatives won't be inconvenienced in the slightest. But if you could shut up we'd be saving air.
Tell us chuck, why we have to support those crooked politicians wh o don't want to renegotiate the deal Obama never bothered to put thru
