Hopefully, he will keep my respect by doing what is right and voting NO on any repeal of Affordable Care Act. It needs a BIPARTISAN FIX
Every single American deserves the quality of #Healthcare the senator got
Good luck with that. To many cockblockers in congress
Good, you need all the help you can get at this point. Lmao. You can have McCain.
Amazing that #McCain is allowed to use Mayo Clinic. Obamacare and Single Payer Healthcare would Not!
He is a real FIGHTER, and this battle will win it any how. God bless him.
Thats all McCain needs is to hear from Debbie Downer but then again, you 2 are from the same Party.
Yeh, because he's a democrat
abu bakr al-baghdadi is the bloke who called a calliphate against the West.
Good news! I read he went hiking, too - there's a real fighter's attitude
is sponsoring this frightening bill:


The Only decent comment I've heard from u since Trump won!!!
Then stop just watching Fox
Instead of blaming Hillary Clinton,address rampant voter suppression,easily hackable US voting system, biased media & real "fake" news, huh?
תיש זקן תמות בקרוב מקיין
Thanks Senator. How is Steve Scalise doing? Is he in great spirits also?
Yes yes prayer is for Senator John McCain to make a full recovery and come back and vote for Trump and American healthcare
Why wouldn't you, he is one of your most loyal democrats.
It amazes me that it is mostly the Trump supporters are showing no compassion to Senator McCain. Something is very wrong in this country.
Sen McCain. The ISIS supporter.  The bloke whom is pißsed b/c Trump defeated his ISIS within 6 months of being in post.
Speedy recovery, Sen. McCain. You got this!
and American sure needs an honest Republican...
Nice.
SENATOR YOU HAVE PROTECTED MILLIONS OF PEOPLE ;DO YOU NOT THINK GOD KNOWS THAT! DO YOU THINK GOD WILL LET YOU DOWN SIR!
He must have AMAZING healthcare! Wonderful what U.S. taxpayers can provide. Glad he's doing well. May we all.
He was on the wrong side of our healthcare.  Glad he go his healthcare under control.
No he doesn't have Obamacare which sucks for the rest of us!
Saved my life, I am recovering from stage 3 cancer.
Get NY Genome Center to reach out. They've got best in world tumor sequencing, esp on glioblastoma. I want McCain to have the BEST weapons!
He should go to the VA for treatment.
@SenJohnMcCain helped Republicans to proceed and strip millions of healthcare, including your constituents btw. He should've stayed in bed.
Comeback for what? He's a fake republican. He needs to retire, as you do Chuck. Because doing real work, for the people is to much to ask!
Do your frigin job Schumer
How's the VA treating him? Rhetorical of course.....
SENATOR I KNOW WHAT ALL OF YOU ARE LIKE !SEN McCain WILL BE FINE! HAVE FAITH IN THE DOCTORS !AND HAVE FAITH IN GOD !GOD HAS PERFORMED MIRACL
yup you need another democrat
Sorry that @SenJohnMcCain is ill but truthfully I think that it's time for him to retire as well as @SenSchumer !
I am very happy to hear he's in good spirits. He's on my list of nightly rosary intentions. Humanity before politics. #SenatorJohnMcCain
My prayers are with him and his family. Its a difficult battle defeating cancer.
Did you call from TRUE concern or are you playing politics again? My guess is the latter. You have no soul or conscience
He needs to retire. Hes a good man and has served his country well. I don't want him to run himself into the ground. Cancer is hard to fight
Saying that I do wish him the best. I hope he kicks cancer in butt!
Collision!!
Then he can join your party, his true stripes
Your secret ally, Chuck.
Why are innocent Black men subject to unprovoked knife attacks & death while eating breakfast in Chuck Schumer's Brooklyn?
@nytimes @msnbc
*come back
Glad he is doing well, but don't hold your breath on him coming back.
#shutupchuck
please resign now chuck
Best to him but pls discuss w him what will happen to those like him who don't have good health ins. Tarnished legacy if he votes Y 2 Tcare
Keep fighting Sen.McCain. Our country needs warriors like you.
Breaking News: John McCain’s 1969 “Tokyo Rose” Propaganda Recording Released Showing he WAS a Traitor
I think it's great hes doing well I think it's time for all old people to get out time for term seeding 4 or 8 year terms and out
John McCain should be everyone's hero! Our President has been disrespectful towards him!
If you were Pinocchio you need an extended train to carry your nose. I hope McCain realizes that.
Pretty sure McCain doesn't have Obamacare...
Let him know that America is rooting for him and that he keeps on  fighting.
I didn’t think you ever talked to Republicans...
Interesting the Democrats interest with McCain but when Scales got shot?McCain is a Dem.
Make a deal? you dont pass Houses Kates Law til House passes Russian sanctions bill. Putin is arming Taliban have killed OUR sons
To vote against you, I can't wait either
Yah, how about Steve Scalise
Bet your disappointed. Already trying to replace him with a liberal.
Please RT this sir
We are thrilled to hear this Senator . The American people are behind him 100% !
Americans need him ! Well wishes 
Good thing the traitor doesn't have #44Care.. He would be dead already..
Glad you talked to someone
Ironically, Republicans urge him to finish using platinum healthcare plan paid by taxpayers so he can deny healthcare to taxpayers
John McCain should resign from his senate seat. Brain cancer is no picnic and can affect his decisions.
My brother was a Vietnam Vet. There's greatness to these men that many people will never understand.  Keeping him in my prayers

Breaking:Schumer more worthless then a close pin holding our flag during a hurricane. The man is always pandering. Nocare for his own voters
Thanks for all you do, @SenSchumer
Um, he wants repeal ACA. NOT anxious for him to return, unless he's developed a conscience on that issue. Has he? He says HC is not a right.
He should retire & enjoy his family. Life is short, & cancer sucks! He has done so much for our country, it's time for him to relax & enjoy.
We need more people like John McCain to reverse the lousy job you xp.
3x of brain tumors myself called malignant. Not a Glio tho. Although his opinions & mine often differed I wish this dignified man the best.
Glad he's feeling good we all are hoping for a speedy recovery. We need people like u to fight for us cuz Trump will fight for the rich
His retirement is long overdue. He should be with family and rest. You should join him Chuck.
Your bill making it a felony to protest Israel is an absolute disgrace
Talk About Russia Chuck ?
He's got a lot of fighting to do!
Senator McCain has ability to encourage his Republican friends to reject this President and what he is trying to do to our democracy.
GET WELL SOON
Does McCain have Obamacare? If he does is there still the death panel to decide if he gets better? 
Get 'em John!
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck!!

WE THE PEOPLE SPOKE NOV 8,2016 &WE'LL SPEAK AGAIN IN 2018...GET WITH THE PROGRAM OR YOU WON'T LIKE RESULTS!
That's the best thing you've ever said Senator! Thank you.
We feel like Russia logic on GOP side left with you, we all need ya back! 
#TERMLIMITS
Comeback is a noun.
But brain cancer?
Sorry but is that really desirable for Dems given that he wants to repeal Obamacare although it will uninsure millions?
Yeah I bet you cant wait till your stooge gets back huh ? LoL
Stay strong Sen McCain!  I'm a democrat and disagree with you politically but wishing you all the best!
Disagree politically? He's a closet Democrat.. Cmon Cathy! Get with the program
Maybe he believes in democracy
Glad to see our health care system works just fine, so what's the problem? Is it a class problem?Separation of political parties from State?
We need him!
I hope you spoke to him about a bipartisan stand against 45's assault on our democracy.
Im sure if Sen McCain took 1 glance at Fox(RT)news he saw that @POTUS is going to try to find a Robert Bork while he bashes Mueller
@OompaLoompaUSA Me too. He is only GOP sen honorable enough to stop corrupt trump from action against mueller and investigation
He's a POS.. Closet Democrat and a traitor to this country
Yes he is the conscience of a handfull of GOP. Hopefully he can boot @SpeakerRyan to bring Senate sanction bill & not gut AUMF
God may have other plans. One must know when to leave with dignity
Glad to hear!
What a hero!! love@senJohnMcCain
But are you in great spirits?
Such a disappointment @SenSchumer you are.
Get well soon, Senator! Can't wait for you to get back to work helping the @GOP take health insurance away from 30 million people!
Prayers for Sen McCain.
Put him on Obumer care! Traitor deserves nothing but contempt!
Wondering about Scalise?  No word for many days.
thanks for the update. America is praying for Senator McCain. The world is not the same w/o him. And you are the one Republican I like! 
And not be bullied by rump
He'd better be ready to put country before party when he returns because to save this republic from the mess it's in won't be easy.
Fantastic news
Good to hear.
looking forward to pushing for more war with him, huh Chuck?
Don't make us get mean.  Go ahead and bow out gracefully.
Can't people just wish someone well instead of making it political
Can't wait to come back, and take away million's healthcare. A true hero, taking away million's healthcare. Get well soon, then take away mi
The welfare will always get it free moron. It's the middle class that gets screw by the Demos
Love and prayers go out to @SenJohnMcCain & his family.  I may not agree w/ his politics, but he is an American hero & a true patriot.
My prayer for SenJohnMcCain to get better
If their is ever a time to throw in the towel, it's now.  Coming back shows is lack of logical decisions making skills.
Love him- we need his sanity more than ever
Term limits!
This is how bipartisanship is overcome

Good!
Chuck Schumer has his eyes on the presidency in 2020. Are you for Chuck?
Schumer Has 0 Chance! Schumer Cares More About illegals!
So i'll take that as a NO vote? 
Great to hear the grand ole airman is ready to take to the skies again !  McCain a warrior !
This American is wishing Senator McCain well (and also wishing he'll reach--with vigor--across the aisle now more than ever).
Yes time to be an America hero again. #BAHA  Wishing McCain speedy recovery
Maybe after the healthcare vote, Chuck. Your love for the guy isn't worth 30 million uninsured. 
Perhaps he will have more sympathy for his less well off fellow Americans who are paying for his state of the art care....
Yeah and you can't wait to screw him over you incompetent political hypocrite.
I'm sure speaking to you is expediting his recovery. I equated the same  to sticking a fork in your eyeball. So beneficial to hear from U
God bless you both and God help us all
