Good for you. Obama would have had a hard time saying that.
Getting involved in syria without deliberations and reguime change strategy is not smart.
I agree with you.  This world is out of control.
But, you still support illegal immigrants who are criminals.  Double standard
Will you speak out against harmful teachings from the Quran? They taught to hate Jews and Christians
Keep advocating for open borsers and this will be us before you know it chucky boy!
What ???
Too Little too Late U fool
&no one should have to live their lives in fear of losing their personal business for aligning it with their Christan beliefs.
How about a call to action. This is your best effort? Christians and religions in general are not that important to you except fir elections
Think about this next time you're advocating letting more Muslims that hate Christians across our borders.U have a forked tongue
Have you missed the hundreds of attacks and bombings where Muslims have been the victims? 
Yeah you Democrats really helped those people out in your 8 years of reign!
What have you done in the last 30 years to stop the genocide of Christians by Muslim Extremists in the Middle East?  Nothing !  Fake tears.
First of all, Chuckie, you don't have a heart. Secondly, you're just a fraud with  "fake tears" Thirdly ,U and Nancy need2growup
Too bad you had Zero concern about fellow New Yorkers killed by SAVAGE FALN Terrorists! Obama gave Clemency and you said ?
The Christian minorities in that part of the world Schumer?? Let me answer that for you since you want reply "Nothing"!!!
And what about the Christians in America? Why are you fighting for them?  Hypocrite. Time to retire from politics Chuck.
When Liberals are incharge one does worship in fear.
My heart goes out to Egyptians, Syrians, Russians, N. Koreans suffering under dictators!

That's worked out well, hasn't it?

I can only wish that POTUS could be as gracious and compassionate, Mr. Schumer
Schumer is a fake.
Schumer is for Schumer he is a politician that wants the power and attention  All words no action nor resolve We are safe with him ??? Never
SCHUMER wants power and attention?? No, that's Donald.
Delusional much?
Ripped apart by more of the horrors of a perverse religious system that should have been stopped years ago. Period. @SenSchumer @POTUS
You finally said something worth saying!
#impeachTrump #TrumpRussia
It would be nice and a change if you would do the right thing and care about the American people as well.
The Democratic policies of us and Obama are responsible for this attack.
U party lacks commitment.
MORE SPEECH FROM THE OTHER SIDE OF THE COIN.????
Agree, however a much easier reality is that Congress should work n unity 4 country and not the party. You have ability to fix!
, just turn the TV on been painting all day what is going on I don't see it on the news can someone tell me
U r a complete idiot
Maybe u should take a walk in the woods with Hillary. Woopee
SO act like a real person. Help r President keep us safe
Moors (Muslims) vs Coptic. Been going on for decades. We kicked their butt out of Europe and we'll do it again in America.
so what would you do???
I'm on your side but not happy with you coming across so hawkish. Liberals are getting very angry.
And yet you want to import terrorist.....
You lie. You could care less. You prove it daily.
Nice to hear you say this for a change. Should US respond? How?
Is this a sincere tweet, Chuck?  It's tough to tell with you.  #Bullschumer
You should be asking why Millions of Moslems have not been integrated into Europe after two generations!!!
If only,as a Christian who watched our liberties dwindle under obama, I believed u were sincere. Sadly I do not. Sad day 4 believers.
So very sad!
You don't have a heart, judging by your actions.
Then stop the muslim advancement in America
You have no heart, you are nothing but a hateful Obstructionist, you certainly don't care about the American people.
If that were true, why didn't your party do anything to stop the terrorism when Odumbo was president?
I suggest the United States of America builds a new backpack for all enthusiast of Isis followers
I'll call it click and tick
Your comrade Obama along with lying Hillary protected by corrupt AG fucked it all up. That climate bullshit you push won't compare to ND.
Let's talk while they refuel and rearm fighter planes!
Let's not forget Russia says they have no more sarin gas!
Your turn!
Thanks for waiting in Chuckee
What would your move be in this Christian killing crisis?
May their memories be for a blessing.
Chuck thanks for your heart.  But maybe we should support polices that st least help the homeland. The time of talking is over
Sad you're creating the same situation here in America for American christians
And yet you support Islam. You are such a fool.
So sick of religion! Cancer of the planet '
Like you care Obama knew and send money for Isis, I want to know about the deal with Iran
No one should have to worship.
Your using Obama lingo by not voicing stronger condemnation of terrorism. How about calling out the evil doers! Not politically correct? SAD
Worship in fear?How about denouncing the murder of dozens of Christians! If they were any other faith you would use more direct condemnation
How can atheistic Demwits care at all about Christians? These Demwits don't know or understand us! They say this things to manipulate!
open borders with little vetting assures us the savagery will  continue to rise in the US, thanks to you Schmuck!
We don't need extreme vetting. Wake up
If u so that then stop wanting them in are county
Schumer and the Dems  don't care about Americans or the safety of Americans or anyone else. All talk no action. Last 8 years proves it.
Hate to say it but people all over the world worship in fear every day and no one ever takes a stand against it. It's not profitable...
Including Muslims in America, right?
I agree No one should have to worship in fear But you have no heart all u r is a self indulgent racist bigot trying to distort America
Bit you dont care if is Americans have to fear  in our own country.  Keep sending in illegals Chuck
But tell what you actually know about the Coptic CHURCH. Google it like most congressmen do when they do not know who they a pitying.
So should your policy be with your heart. I like you. Keep up the good work.
Yet you're against all things @POTUS including reasons for the travel ban from nations that have unstable governments like Syria. Senseless
Yet Trump has to say a word! Egyptian prez one of his best buddies!
Youre wrong there chief. Quit being an uninformed bigoted mouthpiece
Hey Chucky, why don't we let more immigrants who worship Islam into our country so they can bomb our Churches?  They cannot assimilate!
right chuck. We all know how much you care. Did you cry real tears for them? I bet not. You probably didn't even cry fake ones.
Well bring in more Muslims to the US and you can see the carnage for yourself over here.
Egypt Coptic Orthodox Church targeted again and again by extremist, terrorist and Islamic jihadist, El-Sisi must guarantee Security!!!
Our gov't give our taxes $ for Dictator leader el-Susie, but not Protect targeted Coptic orthodox Christian and minority.
AMEN Senator. Thank you for your message. My entire church prayed for them today.  I am a grateful Democratic Christian.
Well said.
Perfect example of why we need to ban the terrorist countries that President Trump is trying to protect our country from.
Where is your outrage over innocents being murdered while they slept in Syria?!?  You were more outraged over Judge Gorsuch being confirmed!
Then you should join the President with EXTREME VETTING, so we Christians will not have the same problem here!!!
But Trump cannot enforce the travel ban.
Because of leftest idiots. This Democrat will never vote Democrat again
Do something about it! Talk is cheap. The epitome of an empty suit. #uselessPolitician
Attacked by ISIS. Foreigners that were allowed into Egypt. That's what you want here.
no one should bare hearing u talk Bc ur so full of it. My prayers with any one who has to hear u talk and talk and talk #hotair
we agree on little Chuck, but we r together in this.  Need to work to keep Isis away from our shores.  Need to vet refugees
But no tears for them, right chuck?
I certainly disagree on many issues especially your recent filibuster, but you have a good  apparently outside of political issues.
Please!
Better yet:  "IMAGINE NO RELIGION".
Your heart pumps poison.  Socialist weasel.
SenSchumer.....................................................................................I agree with you.  
First time.
I'm with you @senshumer
we may never know the attackers motives...
Please now say it in Spanish
But what will you do about it?
He tweeted, isn't that enough for you people? ?
I dont agree with you often Senator. But we are in 100% harmony today.
Who did the attack?
Hello ooo , who?
You finally made a statement that is not only true, but makes sense.
@AKAKAnder Then get back to Work. You can't get the Russians out of the WH on spring break..and I say this with respect 
The Russians? LOL
Part of the continuing Christian Genocide taking place throughout the world
Also the black churches in our own country. Or the Jewish temples, or the Muslim mosques!!
Get over yourself... quit taking away from the atrocities that happened with your equality bullcrap.  This is a time for mourning
THESE PPL NEED TO BE SUBDUED INTO THEIR NEXT LIVES. IT CAN BE DONE
ELIMINATE ISIL DESTROY ISIL ALLOW TRAVEL BAN TO STAND DONT ALLOW THIS ON OUR SOIL
But u want the people that did this to be able to freely enter the US. Empty words chuck resign now


yup!!






Keep importing them and it will be coming to a church near you
Hey Chuck, why didn’t anybody really say anything about the Quebec mosque shooting back in January 2017?
Why aren't you protecting religious liberty at home? #1A
God bless #JusticeGorsuch!

Your heart has been in more places than Waldo! Stop pretending you care or actually advocate doing something about it.


Actor? Or Politician?






Reported for spam, f**khead.
