MEAN is all the people I know whose H/C has tripled in PREMIUMS and has an unbelievable HIGH DEDUCTIBLE !
Yeah right Chuckie protecting your voter base who abuse the system 
Has own zip code
Bla, bla, bla
This guy has done nothing for America other than bitch and complain. One more democrat that should step down!
Schumer is speaking out, but hasn't read the contents of the bill. Resist and Obstruct is the Dems motto.
Since 08 Ds have LOST 900State12Gov 69House13Sen seats Tell us again how Rs are in trouble&hows all t/cryn lyin delayn dividn workn out?lol
What's "mean" is #ObamaCare bankrupting people's Healthcare and the Country. Americans aren't stupid. We know Democrats are responsible.
What's the matter Chuckie? You afraid that millions who are on gvt assistance actually may have to get off their ass and work?
Lol your Peeping tump Predator is Awesome. Why don't I won't to be like Him? .. Because he is SICK! So sad Love
Sex tape of Trump from nearly 13 years ago that was illegally recorded..locker room talk that one? That's all you got? old news move on
I've spent time in locker rooms. I've never spoken about assaulting women. It's not 'locker room talk' it's preadatory and vile.
Remember it was 'Talk' prove there were actual actions done..you can't. But we can with a former POTUS
First off I'm no clinton fan. I don't know why you're bringing them up. 2nd. Isn't talk enough? It was disgusting& Mysoginistic
'I might just start kissing her' that's a quote. 'I don't even ask' you think that's not predatory?
If the women did not want to be kissed than they wouldn't had kissed him back. Trump has never been convicted of this or have to tell the
This does not apply to ppl who NEED gvt assistance but to those ppl who ARE abusing the system & ppl like me that pay for their Ins!
Lol Great Values you Trumper Have.. lol Peeping trump Predator Lier Hater 0Knowlege 0Honor 0Values 0Respect is Sick. Wake Up. So Sad Love
Better a Trumper. Than a liberal
Chuck "Everyone is Meeeaan!" Schumer 
CBO has been wrong kinda like your polls you love
How come crying chuck isn't in front of t.v. cameras telling us how mean the travel ban is? I guess he don't want to look a dumb as Nancy
Meybe he will cry again sen.Shumer
Dream on Semester Shumer
Too many tweets. Too many photo/press ops. Not enough bipartisan cooperation. Get to work you hack
Love the way he speaks - directly and no punches pulled!
Same CBO that said Obamacare would save billions? Right!
Sen Schumer, stop using this weak childish term that Trump used.  Get real:  the bill will kill Americans
You never read it, stop the bashing
what did the cbo report on obama care in 2010 they were way wrong then as well
Why's everything "MEAN" Chuck?
Perhaps you watch too many cartoons. Y'all should critique yourselves like u do Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aga1BOSu7yY …
O sorry people are gonna have a choice to buy good or bad! Of course there will be less participants, that's America Choice not govt mandate
It's not over, why are we so against trying to better Heath care.The gov. Is penalizing those that cannot afford care. Deduct tax refund.
Cry me a River
Definition of a spending cut:last year 100billion this year request 200billion approved 150billion equals a spending cut. LOL!
Lies. Lies, and more Lies! NO message from democrats equals DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
The mean is the average middle of the road - on the the bright side CNN is still waiting on fact check on this news scoop

Sanders slams 'unprecedented' process on GOP health bill that impacts  every American!" https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
Contrary on everything republicans want
Is there any chance we can designate the millions who are going to in the streets by their voter registration???
Did Shmuck break out the crying bit?? That's my favorite!!!!
We don't need to give out money to support places that kill babies.  That's the meanest you can do.
Not! Got caught w/11 mil able bodied people put on Medicaid by Obamacare. Cuts start years out!
Americans need one more good taste of the GOP to get it out of their system. Bye bye healthcare for Americans who are poor. WW Trump Do?
How about some fake tears, chuck!  As fake as your "assertions" on what will happen!
Rise Up:  Time to Strip Senate, Congress...Politician$ of lifetime Benefits & perks; provide them the same "healthcare" as  "We, the people"
Chuckies sincerity is just as fake as your news
You do know the CBO is as accurate as a CNN poll don't you? Fake news= fake polls = fake CBO.
This is mean it's just a mean mean thing. Those meanies are just a bunch of mean people being mean as can be. I mean what I mean. SMH
Says Dracula as he sucks your blood.
if the new bill dos not pass, it is because Conservatives want a 100% purged bill of subsidies, waste, bureaucracy, and corruption..
Obamacare is an abomination.. It's a pathetic attempt by DEms. Repubs & Conservatives want all the crap out of the new bill..
And twice as mean as the ACA!
Mean -er, every bit as mean, just give it up. Talk about how it's just gutting Medicaid for tax cuts for the rich that don't need a penny.
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU...HELL NO!!!!!!!
What is mean is stealing out of others pockets.  You are using mean red rick.
No one believes your lies or your tears! All manipulation!!!
What exactly is " mean" about it?
So you didn't fix ACA and you don't like GOP version. What have you done to fix health insurance? Nothing, so stop whining and legislate.
TO BAD THEY HAVE A HISTORY OF BEING WRONG
CBO. lol lol fake numbers just like your fake Russia. You should be expelled
Tell the truth! A large portion of the people who won't be covered are the ppl who were forced to buy it and now won't....
But that would take away from their story that they are spewing to the American people. #lies
PLEASE take the lies away.... 
Yes, forcing someone on a plan they can't use or afford is much, much "nicer".
Just let Obama care crash and burn.
Is it 'mean' or evil to kill millions of babies every year?
Poor wittle Chuckles is going to cry!!!
MEANER.
The new insurance plan does not take away the CURRENT ppl who are already enrolled on Medicaid.
y'all sound so outraged

mean, mean*er*
yeah, either outraged or reading a bedtime story
This DUMBING DOWN of America is MADDENING. "mean", is that what WE call it now when the PROBABILITY of DEATH increases Exponentially
Lol one word. Peeping trump Predator Lier Hater 0Knowlege 0Honor 0Values 0Respect.  So sad Love
This #Wealthcare Bill belittles the majority of our citizens and will leave many sicker and in peril. I do not recognize my own country.
OK, OK Chuck! We give up! We will let OCare alone and when it implodes, u will be to blame. We'll see who the mean one is then!


Let it fail then Chuck! Just let it fail.
Fake bill send back to house




CBO says rates will drop by 30%.

Why did you need Medicaid if you had Obamacare?

Why do you need Medicaid if you have AHCA?

Yea every bit as mean as obamacare.


Mean is kicking a cat ... knocking 22 milion off Healthcare is Stalin level depravity.
stop the mean sh---t----there are other adjectives for millions losing healthcare-
how about horrific-?
Fake bill
Its only half as mean as Obamacare considering 40 million Americans lost their insurance from it!
C'mon Chuckie no tears today or you just can't muster them up?
cry about it
COVERUP OF OBAMA KNOWING OF RUSSIA'S INTERFERENCE IN THE ELECTION 
He announced it to the whole country dummy. Got your Health Insurance yet?
Unfortunately for him, stupidity is a pre existing condition.
The poors: deductibles they can’t afford w/ subsidized stingy plan, or premiums they can’t afford w/ more generous plan; = feature, not bug!
When/IF it sinks inthat #Trump & GOP are taking away Medical care from REPUBLICANS too, only so rich get richer will baseor 
They'll blame Hillary and never get that Trump has always been a member of the deep state.
Lol ok. He didn't conspire with Russians like Obama and hrc did lmao
Well then I guess u should get over ur RESIST BULLSHIT and do the job u were elected to do !! Help craft the bill
Oh god Chuck, stop saying it's mean. It's a death sentence for the poor, to provide tax cuts for the greedy.
How many will choose not to have healthcare?
