Sad days when Whitehouse employees are white supremacists & holocaust deniers.
That is rediculous and untrue!
trump just supported the far right candidate in France. she's a Nazi, anti Semite, Holocaust denier. So much for Israel support.
Please provide proof of your claim that she's a nazi & he supports her?
You don't get to make demands.
You don't get to tell me what to tweet! Don't make claims you can't back up. Trump's daughter & son in law are Jewish.  Not an anti-semite.
Sorry Senator @schumershutdown you and the national socialists are children and really cannot debate. You just stomp your feet and demand
Why don't you get the President to quit spreading hate in our country? That is what fueled Hitler's regime.  Labels are for food, not people
please voice opposition to Trump being keynote speaker @HolocaustMuseum Tuesday!
Which is why Trump to deliver keynote @HolocaustMuseum ceremony at @USCapitol. What a disgrace.
hey Karin how are u
You turn your back on Israel just as Obama did while you were sucking up. Term limits Chuckie you need to leave and count your millions
You say this but you are enabling on a new Holocaust - one in which Islam's political jihadis will kill everyone who doesn't bow down. #FOOL
Right. Like the consequences of passivity when faced with threats of death? Destruction? Some of us have already learned that lesson. #MAGA
Holy crap!  Are your comparing life in the US to the fucking Holocaust???
BECAUSE WE DON'T TEACH ARE KIDS IN SCHOOL LIKE WE USED TO THAT COMMON CORE PLUS MY CHILDREN DIDN'T HAVE TEXTBOOKS,THIS WAS IN WHITEHALL,OHIO
Don't let him act out his fantasy on the Korean peninsula. He is racist & mentally deficient & has been dreaming of the fire since the '80s.
Any jew still voting for democrats after Obama's display should start shaving their heads now.
A sleezy politician doesn't speak for jewish community. 
Shut-up and retire. You're shadow of a good American.
Country awakening to lies.
Where were you when BHO displayed all his anti-Semitic actions during g his 8 yrs? No worries. Your clueless followers believe anything.
your liberal colleges and high schools don't hardly speak of the Holocaust.
I don't think that Netanyahu has any use at all for Chuck Schumer, Schumer did not support Israel.
Then why did you not support Israel when Obama was the so-called President, seemed you supported Muslims more?
Thank you for your AMAZING and moving speech today, Senator Schumer. It was an honor being in your presence. 
And now, the left wing media ignores the senseless killing of Christians around the Muslim world.
Yet your party approves Israel killing ideas like the Iran Dral and the sympathy shown to the Palestinians...who teach hate
But you totally ignore the persecution of Christians  in the country you so call represent. Retire Chuck, you're of no use.
How does the world, and more importantly, France thinks Marine Le Pen feels about the Shoah?
The biblical word Shoah (שואה), also spelled Shoa and Sho'ah, meaning "calamity" in Hebrew (and also used to refer to "destruction"
You have failed every Jew with the UN vote  .no Jewish vote for you. Out at next election
How do we do this when many of the president's alt right supporters are Holocaust deniers?
You and the Progressives are not the ones to teach about any holocaust when you let Muslim Islamic Terrorist>
Rape, force into Slavery and Genocide Hundred of Thousands of Christians and that happened under Obama.
All you teach is how NIT to be Schmucky!!!!
Shouldn't that task go to Germany?Their mistake and their history! Why are we always teaching  the world things the world doesn't what 2 see
We have a Holocaust starting now. It's called radical Islam. They r spreading across the world. U need to wake up and see this.
we now call it the pro choice movement now
Just don't use it as an excuse to justify discrimination of others
So hurry up and get the hell out of the US, on to the rest of the world, start in N Korea please
Yes history repeats when ignorance rules.
Amen.
First thing is to educate Trump and his cabinet.
Someone needs to teach Spicer!
Chucky socialist like the rest of dems there's no turning back now your all brain washed lay in corner 4 hrs a day don't know truth if heard
as we make deals with Iran that bring us closer to the next Holocaust.
Congratulations, Robert Costa, on being named moderator of PBS Washington Week. Well done!
Dear @SenSchumer I am afraid the detentions, pay-prisons, split of fams, deportations are our 1st steps to this in USA.
I clicked on this 2C how trolls could troll such an unimpeachable message. How do you troll Holocaust Awareness? (They always find a way.)
those are Nazi trolls.
Your a smuck Chuck
There's no business like Shoah business.
Right, Senator?
You should teach the world the meaning of being Christian.
i don't think he knows too much about that, bud
Wonder what twist u will put on that! Resign Schumer!

y'all know that judaism and israel policy issues have literally nothing to do with one another right
