No vamos a usar a los Dreamers como un punto de negociación para el muro y la fuerza de deportación. Punto.
illegals are illegals n Dreamer act not legal...eventually, all must be deported. USA cant keep funding everyone n every country.
Dude your grammar is horrible!  Dreamers write better than you do. Doesn't matter, they're not going anywhere. So I guess it sucks for you
"Dude" welcome to Tw@tter, the cyber sewer of the Mariana Trench that is social media. You desperately need to practice what you preach you know. Or use Grammarly? Nvm. Yet another sophomoric, self appointed grammar police #CryBabySnowFlake afictionado
#LibertardsAreVillageIdiots
Trade DACA for the RAISE Act! President Donald Trump Backs the RAISE Act, which reduces Chain Immigration:
Build that wall Schumer and end chain migration and the immigration lottery.
They pay for themselves. They don't take this beautiful country for granted like some citizens do.
send them back
DACA should not be on the table at all.
NO AMNESTY
The "Dreamers" are valuable, our country is immeasurably enriched by their presence. They aren't bargaining chips.
How so?
How? They work hard, go 2 college, become teachers, nurses, scientists, contribute to social security, pay taxes, & add 2the mix of cultures
Get paid under the table and unlawfully reap benefits that we are paying taxes for. How is that helping this country and taxpayers ?
Based on available information, you don't know that they are all being paid under the table.
there should be no deal or anchor babies, they can all dream in their own countries.
DACS FACTS:
24% - Functionality ILLITERATE 
46% - BASIC English Literate
49% - H.S. Diploma ONLY
Only a RANDOM HANDFUL we're vetted for DACA
What cost in education, welfare, and medical costs do these dreamers take from US taxpayers?
They are American. You have added nothing but racism ...
And they removed 200 billion from your wallet!
They don't. They do not qualify for social security or welfare, or even Medicaid or Affordable Care Act. They take nothing from you.
Not true illegal aliens cost the government 118 billion annually
Not true. Many are professionals and they earn their own way.
200,000 crimes in Texas alone caused by DACA immigrants in one year.
Simply not true. Fake facts do not make true news
What was inhumane was letting them here illegally in the first place. Donate all you want to Mexico, leave us alone!
They are not all from Mexico. They come from all over Central and Southern America, many fleeing their  Totalitarian governments.
Why is that our problem
You are using the term "Mexico" to stand in for a lot of different cultures and nationalities and different reasons for coming here.
You're talking to 2nd generation Puerto Rican,.. I get it. The crossings came from the MEXICAN BORDER. Good morning
When you have done business w/ human traffickers, everything is a bargaining chip.
Executive Order Blocking the Property of Persons Involved in Serious Human Rights Abuse or Corruption. Issued on 12/21/17 https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-blocking-property-persons-involved-serious-human-rights-abuse-corruption/ … The #12DaysOfMAGA
the babies you abort are dreamers also but then again demoncraps only care about power
Please don't back down from this position. This is a big NO WAY.
Liar. Of course, they are a bargaining chip, and if you refuse to bargain, then the DACA people will not get an amnesty. America wants an end to the idiotic diversity visa lottery and chain immigration. Make a deal!
I don't want nor do I care about a wall and I live in Texas. Most of the people on this feed probably dont even live close to the border. Americans kill most Americans...why waste money building a wall and they have tunnels.
@realDonaldTrump Yes, they are. They are NOT Citizens. They have NO RIGHT to be US Citizens. You want 'em. You bargain for them. Or we'll kick them out! We don't need them. Life ain't fair. Mexico ain't so bad.
Chuck, who runs and controls the U.S. government. The illegal immigrants and their supporters, or the American citizens. Just stand up and say NO to these protesting, demanding illegals.
Chuck, the American citizens are bargaining clips either .It's not inhumane to deport illegals, thats why we have immigration laws. Who's running our government, the illegals who protest and make demands that laws should be changed just for them
The real dreamers came to the U.S. legally because of that dream.
The ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS aren't dreamers.
They are moochers with your help!
None of these people have been treated inhumanely, Cryin Chuck. They just need to come into the country legally.
Nah... locking children up for YEARS isn't going to have you losing sleep, is it? Let me guess, you think they're not as good as you.
Your level of compassion for humanity is amazing 

Aww bless your heart. Snowflakes are unique , beautiful and make avalanches. 
Yeah but see tami isn't very bright. She wears her bigotry on her sleeve and she advertises her business. I wonder how her customers feel?

Democrats use them to bargain for votes every election cycle and then do nothing else for them.
Yep,  you are right, democrats and REPUBLICANS do that all the time, gerrymandering and vote suppresion is leaving minorit unrepresented.
Vote suppression you shouldn't vote if your not a citizen anyway.

#texas #VoterID bill, interesting article about voter suppression of entire tribes, the poor, elders and indigents. @Greg_Palast https://twitter.com/JessicaHuseman/status/900468489043009537 …
Bottom line is
The wall will be built & the "dreamers" will be sent home
Then they can come back legally
Exactly the way it is supposed to be done!
. They are illegal,who cares
If only we had enough govt leaders to prevent that from happening
If they are here illegally they are illegals. Period!
Authoritarian mind set means everything is black & white to you. Dreamers who came when they were children definitely occupy a grey area.
No, if they are here illegally they are illegal. Period!   Laws are not grey.
Laws are grey because people write them & enforce them. One kid gets 5 years in prison for heroin use, one gets rehab. That's reality.
Screw you and your dreamers.
Fat assed ebt dreamers punching Sheriff Joe pinata.  Get them all out.  Anchors, too.
Dreamers.
Dreamers are mexican flag waving gang banging freeloaders who spill American blood every single day and you know it.
You believe jobs, education, & safety of law abiding citizens is trumped by prospective illegal votes. Time for Congressional #TermLimits
how about you do your job and protect the American taxpayers fix the healthcare and take care of our kids that need help!
They are just extra votes!!!
No Wall. No tax cuts. No offsets. That & goes to Texas relief but ONlY if NO to above
The Americans are getting tired of Dems that care about illegals more then the Am people.2018 Dems will lose
Oh PLEASE, you Democrats have been using illegals as chips for decades.  You just thought they'd become more Dem voters, not get deported.
You mean Illegals.
@realdonaldtrump DT doesn't need a BChip-correct the illegal EO of Obama&Congress do its job&decide on this
I wish you cared about Americans as much as you do illegal immigrants who violated American laws entering our nation.
They're not Dreamers. They're illegal aliens who don't belong here. You should be indicted for treason....
By all means @TheDemocrats want them here as future Democratic voters. That's all folks.
They sure aren't... so quit using them as political pawns!  @SenSchumer
No, DREAMERS ARE ILLEGALS and as such they get sent back. Obama had NO constitutional authority to ban them from deportation. deport NOW
You should do what Trump wants an save the dreamers.
Good end dreamers and build the damn wall.
END Daca, allow SOME to stay IF they are productive people LOVE AMERICA. NO more the time to LIMIT is HERE. Taxpayers hate you
They are NOT bargainingc hips but they ARE here. To increase that number is wrong for US Citizens. A limit makes sense w/o harm
If YOU cared, YOU would have cooperated, before #Trump was elected to do this immigation the correct way. Stop the games. 

Safety n right
Let them go dream in their own country and half of them are antifa and blm and you need them for votes crying chuck net worth of $779,008
You really don't care about Americans. At all. It's ALL about pandering to minorities.
Your right send them back
Still illegal aliens....Period!
You gonna cry Chucky? Wuaaaaa
End DACA Caca  Deport. They should be with their family anyways . Right?!!
Then you're going to lose them Chuck. When you could have saved them.
Stay off my border, stay in that shithole New York
Stop the human traffics coming into the US. You do these people harm by not shutting that down. They die, you do nothing.
Your dream is someone else's nightmare.  People who sneak into countries (any country) normally get arrested and deported.
Keep allowing illegals into our country and pay their way for 5 years and drain us Americans a little more..BUILD THE WALL and DEPORT
Double down and get them deported Chuck
And whats wrong with americans being doctors lawyers and skilled workers. Why cant they do the same in their country
This is actually code speak for @realDonaldTrump from @SenSchumer that they are a bargaining chip. Interesting how negotiations work.
Start worrying about the people who are here instead of the people who take away from jobs and money for those here
What part of illegal don't you understand?
This is why you dems keep losing elections.
Stop pandering to the few while the forgotten men and women who build this country get nothing
Invest in whats here. The kids who are here. The americans who are here.
While immagrants come here and get perks and special treatment while my kids get nothing
They may be dreaming. But i dream too. My kids dream too. Why cant they dream and work towards the dream
How bout that double standard.
Ask mexico how they feel about illegals. If you dont produce or your sick or on welfare they kick you out. Have 2 born in mexico to own land
No amnesty for you,cry baby! #EndDacaNow
They shouldn't be an issue b/c they shouldn't be here. Ur gonna have to find other low-info voters to vote for u but u still got dead ppl.
Build the damn wall.
you are the one using them as a chip by not funding the wall that has overwhelming support.  Fund the Wall maybe DACA Stays.
America & The American People are NOT a bargaining chip for The Democratic Narrative, crybaby Chuckie Schumer
.@SenSchumer #YesAmericans #WeCanBelieveEverythingDemsTellUSAboutIllegals #DemsReplacementPopulation #4AmericansWhoseAncestorsBuiltUSA
Democrats use Illegals as bargaining chips to get 9 electoral votes in California.
But DACA is.  No wall, no DACA.
"Dreamers" are not American.
Period.
@realDonaldTrump please end #DACA and continue to #MAGA   Dreamers are illegally in the country reaping hard working legal benefits
The American dream is for Americans, not criminal illegal aliens.
You're right Cryin' Chucky. #DACA must be revoked and never allowed to return. The border wall will get funding regardless. #NoAmnesty
Illegal is illegal regardless of age. Stop trying to alter the make up of the electorate to pack the US with dem voters
Chuck the President made a campaign promise end DACA. We The People want the WALL to protect our sovereignty.
.@POTUS agrees.  Therefore, there will be #nodaca, the #wall will be built, and the #DeportationForce will continue to remove illegals.
Too bad for Dreamers you'll let them be deported just to bring in cheap labor for the corporations that own you. Should have done the deal.
1 in 7 New York City Elementary Students Will Be Homeless, Report Says https://nyti.ms/2vBjS3H   DO SOMETHING SCHUMER !!! WE ELECTED YOU !!
Salon? Well that explains a lot. You are a disgrace to this nation.
National security & following immigration law are not bargaining chips for "DREAMERS." Let them DREAM back home if they refuse 2 follow laws
did you type that through tears?
Chuck what you did. To these kids with the illegal daca I hope they sue your asses off l
I agree; these illegal immigrants should be deported immediately.  Period.
Do ur job and help reform our immigration system.
Proud to see that the Dems won't legitimize tRump's willingness to use KIDS as hostages, though it's no surprise that he'd hide behind them
American jobs are not a bargaining chip for your buddies to fill with illegals and low wage immigrants!
we need people that work  hard at making AMERICA GREAT not here for the free stuff ,you dumycraps have failed the american people
inhumane deportation??? They came here illegally and get treated better by our government than I do. Enforce the law, Chuck!! Stop your crap
If you don't reach agreement on wall with GOP, you will lose more Dem seats in Congress
send them all back and have them come through the system then!
You need to be replaced Americans safety is more important. Obstructionist.
I'm not paying for his FARKING wall. Let his racist followers do it.
Cool...You just traded the lives of a million people to keep your political pride.  How can you sleep at night?  #MAGA
Actually they are. If democrats have taught me anything, its that EVERYTHING is a bargaining chip.
Then you need to stop using as so!
so they will be deported then,PERIOD.@SenSchumer
Inhumane ? They r here illegally,  deport ALL illegals and let them apply through the proper channels,  it's law !!!
Jerk off senator worry about Americans and not about illegals ! I am a Latino and Do Not agree with your Stupidity !
@immigrant4trump
Deport them all
The word is illegal. Support the American people for once Chuck
Send ALL THE DREAMERS BACK HOME TO MEXICO NOW PLEASE
You are right. Not a bargaining chip. In fact, let there be no bargaining. They GO!!
Chuck you need to show facts to back up your statements. What is the inhumane deportation force you state?
Dreamers are using Billions of hard working American tax dollars! They break our law by being here illegally! Help our homeless Americans
Dreamers are illegals.  Deport.  Deport.  Deport.
Maybe the MINORITY leaders dont care about keeping campaign promises (& maybe thats why theyre MINORITY), but voters chose w/promise of wall
What's to bargain? We have laws on the books to enforce. See? that was easy.
Yes they are
Democrats created a huge mess during obama administration and now they trying their hardest to criticize our current president with DACA.
Democrats created this DACA program with EO and should be held accountable for the mess. Proper way should have been immigration reform. End
Look Chuck maybe you make enough to support the illegals with your taxes, most of us do not. Easy to be magnanimus with other's money. Right
again shows Dems favor #IllegalImmigration and don't care about American workers, taxpayers and children.
It is REPREHENSIBLE that you are still in Washington with your mental Illness!
Senator, If they aren't bargaining chips then why do sanctuary cities exist? Why are dreamers brought up by Democrats?
MAGABuild the wall you cheap skate NO DACA
All they do is obstruct and cause division.
Schumer- Corrupt Jew Senator.
Inhumane is their parents breaking immigration laws. Root cause analysis 101
Inhumane is their parents breaking immigration laws. Root cause analysis 101
EVERYONE must follow and be judged under the same laws!!!!!!
Dreamers are illegal aliens and should be treated as such. They are criminals sir. We are a nation of laws. Act like it SENATOR!
So you want to grandstand instead of getting some real help to the DACA people?
Are you "fighting" for them or for your political image?
You are ruining this country
Now, that's the trump we know. No compassion, no honor, self-adoring drive for a monument to himself.
Yet u bargain them for yrs ur a discrase & a shame chunkys bargain dreamers basement hack scam DNC
DREAMERS  are ILLEGAL ... what Obama did was ILLEGAL per the Court!

They have NO Rights!
You are so right!!! They are a barging chip for you and your party that after 150year still hopes to enslave the less fortunate.
You goons will be losing even more seats in 2018.
Guarantee the R's lose the majority in both the Senate and Congress in 2018. Damage has been done. Didn't he say we would be #winning?
nuke option coming right up, you have NO CHOICE. #DeportThemALL
Uphold your Constitutional duty to protect Americans Chucky, not criminal aliens
Its called politics according to you! If it means keeping us safe. I vote wall!
We want and deserve the Wall. PERIOD. World isn't getting safer. Stop playing Russian Roulette with our lives. OH MY, Russian's are coming!
Tell your family to stop stealing Jokes. Just watched 26 minutes of jokes Amy Schumer have stolen.  Also DREAMERS = No protected Rights.
Dude, doesn't the law mean anything to you?  All illegals gone. End of discussion.
Democrats / Socialists the party of NO
They are illegals. Period.
Evil man, he'll doing anything to get what he wants.
Your a Senator how many bills you sponsored to protect rights of the "Dreamers"?  None, exactly none. Shut up on a topic you don't support!
Right, they are ILLEGAL ALIENS, law breakers and need to be deported!  Dream in your own country. Chuck, change the law or shut up!
Yeah chuck, sit down
What's inhumane about enforcing our laws, Chuck? I'm sure the concept of law & order is foreign to you but it's why we elected Trump!#MAGA!
If we had a wall or enforcement of immigration laws dreamers would not be a problem. It is a problem because of fucks like you.
That is what a bully do !! Uses the most venerable to show his fake power !!! Shame on the GOP THAT STAY SILENCE AND ENABLE THIS SO- CALL !!
Exactly!!!! Trump is trying to send back your future voters. How dare he!!!!! Screw the rule of law.

What Chuck doesn't say is,  these young girls are being raped, drugged and put into prostitution as means to pay the Mules and smugglers.
Why not ?
No, just pawns to be used by the Dems.  Citizens do not matter to your party. We no longer buy the lies that your Party Spews.
Chuck, I honor your service. But you & Nancy must step back &
Free Up New Branding, Face/Voice Ads NOW to YOUNG DEMS (w/o the neg baggage)
Try working for your actual constituents, you remember who they are don't you?  Sorry you are wrong, the answer is actual US citizens. #MAGA
Your right , deport them all now.  American citizens voted for Trump, and the wall.  Your a disgrace! #MAGA #BuildThatWall #demsareevil
Please let younger DEMS.SPEAK OUT ?ABOUT THIS ISSUE
 NOT A BARGAINING CHIP FOR THE WALL. WE R BEING TOLD DEMS DO NOTHING AND HAVE NO AGENDA
Send the foreign Dreamers back to their countries. America has Dreamers of their own. America First.
All chips are on the table including dreamers
@realDonaldTrump should have ended DACA immediately. There's no reason to bargain w Dems. Republicans will have super-majority in 1 year
You mean because they are already illegal, correct? DACA will be rescinded, & we have no problem with gov shutdown 4 wall funding @SebGorka
Well then say goodbye to them because no wall no money no dreamers. It's on you Schumer.
At the rate that he is deporting them, won't be much of a bargaining chip for long Mexico will benefit from these bright educated young pple
Trumps version of "human trafficking" "owning people". Sick sick agenda.
Sir, the unborn shouldn't be a bargaining chip either, but yet you have used them for your own political gain. Why? #politicalhypocrisy
Are you really comparing a fetus to an actual child that is live and viable??
The dreamers should go back to their own country and dream there! Deport them all, they don't belong here!
Chuck the Schmuck. Go back to the depths of Hell!
You're not an example for what Washington needs to be.  Go away and the entire country will be better off.....
