and the poor are still waiting for all the promises you and your colleagues have made
Really?  That's all you got? Did you really expect @POTUS or anyone to accomplish all of his promises in 100 days.
Haha...Hillary's not president and the SCOTUS seat is filled....that's winning!
You know, I don't see any support for your Trump bashing campaign everyone seems to hate you. I haven't seen 1 positive feedback for you.
I just can't understand how some people can't see what. Criminals these dems are. Pres. Trump has worked so hard and put up with so much ...
Even when the few times he has played golf he plays with people he needs to help get things done. What shocks me most is nobody can see that
They are being played by people who want to stir up minorities because it is so easy. They own the media. Dem's don't care about people.
Also Schumer and Pelosi and Hillary and Obama are the fucking TRAITORS. Trump opened the WH to tours that Obama stopped, donated pay back to
So afraid that the only play they have left is obstruction and false shit to undermine.  Has anyone asked why he has had to sign so much.
Actually, in the first 100 days he's delivered more hope and promise than you've given your state since you've been in office.
Yes, what? Hope won't pay for healthcare...
Either does Obamacare
I have Obamacare & it pays my healthcare expenses no problem & for 40% CHEAPER than GOP idea of Risk Pools. Look @ the Real facts!!
Obama care doesn't pay for anything, it's not insurance.
Don't split hairs. My insurance from the marketplace established under ACA is far superior & cheaper than previous Risk Pool.
Fact is that Obama promised $2500 decrease, but avg family has experienced apx $5000 INCREASE.  You're an outlier Tex, a very lucky outlier.
My premiums have tripled, to pay for leaches like @ltthiebeau, nothing's free the bill goes somewhere.
Would u create TONS of jobs in less than 100 days if u were president? Puh-lease. & when dems don't support him & RINOS it's a little hard.
Yeah and liberal obstructionist, activist judges, and time wasting allegations played no part?  #patience the swamps time will come
UR out of touch & ideas on how to help. Your obstruction is WELL NOTED and will be your downfall. @POTUS & @SenateGOP will get things done
Everyone should send the Chief #SchumerClown your own personal message since he has so few followers.  #Lair #MAGA
You need be ashamed of your touted comments, for they are disrespectful, contumelious, derisive, and offend the office of the president.
I'm in the middle class.  I feel like a kid in a candy store.  U just can't keep up with his furious pace.  Loving every minute of it!
Bash POTUS AND I WILL VISIT IT BACK ON YOU 10 FOLD!
Please please please keep up the pressure.
Chuck Schumer...senator in the highest taxed welfare state in the nation. No decent jobs. Just welfare and disability!  The state is a mess
Nothing but a huge burden on the federal taxpayer system. All of U.S. taxpayers must subsidize N.Y. welfare programs .Getting unsustainable
He's done so much y'all can't keep up with him!
hahaha
What is your excuse? We have been waiting for you to help the middle class during your whole political career. You failed us.
Schummer you have been there forever and done nothing for the working class.  Just hand their money over to the welfare state!
LOL 100 days? Your party had 8 years to do something for the middle class, we never got a thing!
He's gotten plenty done! As polls show, we the base are standing with him. We can wait for wall. Immigration already down.Sorry Chuck, wrong
Immigration laws need to be revised, but ignoring millions flowing here illegally & taking away from existing citizens must stop
Inhumane how? If laws broken, they get deported. Nothing inhumane about that.
Trump has never implied that direction. To me that is pure fear mongering. Never gonna happen
Chuckie...back in 2006 you, Obama, Killary and others all voted in favor of a border wall....do you suffer from memory loss?
You mean 700 miles of chain link fence now counts as a wall?
https://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/news/releases/2006/10/20061026-1.html …
Fence or. Wall = barrier.
OK, let's take this slow. First, what's the cost difference between 700 miles of fence and 2000 miles of wall?
Second, the 2006 bill did not rely on taking land from American citizens through the use of eminent domain.
Third (or possibly 1A - your choice), who's paying for this wall? What evidence do you have that Mexico will ever pay a cent?
I dont care if Mexico pays one peso.
Hell, if Trump is taking contributions I'm in.
Good. You pay for it. Better yet - set up a GoFundMe and let all your friends chip in, too. It's a useless money pit that makes us no safer.
They will wait till hell freezes, cause trump's tax plan is to take more from poor & middle class for welfare of super wealthy, LOL & IMO


Hate to tell you but YOU failed the middle class, America has spoken in November! Wake up already!  Take note!  --A former Democrat....
Great job changing sides sister. Most of the people I know flipped because of podesta & hillary emails. Support info wars. And AG Sessions!
Thought you may wish to read this @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @VP @SpeakerRyan
Why don't Dems get to work!  Trumps is fixing all yalls screw Ups!
Then why do I need three tweets to list all the companies laying people off? Including some that Trump has visited?
Here you go, companies laying off so far this year: Boeing, Caterpillar, Sears, JC Penney, General Dynamics, Rexnord, Lilly, GE, Bebe, Amgen
Some of them, definitely. But I get fed up with hearing from Trump fans how everything is just spectacularly booming now.
Under your party's leadership, I lost my job, make half of what I made and now spend hundreds more a month on healthcare that covers crap!!
That's what's happening. Not crying, responding to a moronic statement. Like I am now.
Not even a Trump fan myself either
@NancyPelosi your party lied endlessly for 8 years! Stop crying....grow up! WE PAY U TOO MUCH to whine like children! #MAGA
Kinda like we waited for the last 8 years?  At least we have hope, now.
President Trump hasn't broken his promises, the left keeps killing the American dream to legal Americans. Keep your doctor keep your plan
Schumer you wish you had the quality and class of POTUS. Sorry but you will never measure up. Check wth Sorros to se what you need to do nxt
What did Obama do for middle class in first 100 days or even 8yrs...and what have YOU done ?  Answer to all......ZERO
It is the FIRST 100 days. Let's see you get it all working in 100 days. That is a lot of damage to undo, Obama could only do so much
Bot what did you do?
He has accomplished as much as he can without the help of dems....
Obama had 8 years and he screwed the middle class.
We are just getting started Chucky!
He's already donel mote  in this short time than you could accomplish in a lifetime
schemer is a roit baiter like all the rest of dems. God knows u are out for urself, u are not for the ppl, TRUMP IS!!!!!!!!
Because of you and other out of touch dems.
The great thing is, @realDonaldTrump won't break his promise to fight #illegalimmigrants #IllegalAliens
LOCK THEM UP!! Corrupt is what they are!
He's one sick big joke,only the wealthy will not have to wait.
Blah blah blah 3 months in and fighting dems every step of the way he's doing pretty damn good
Obama wrecked world stability created untold dependence on government anemic jobs that's your platform propagandist
8 years of Obama Reid and Schurmer no jobs 500,000 deaths and 5,000,000 refugees Middle East and paid bribes to Iran what a bum
@NancyPelosi You're another lier.
Trump:“I am going to take care of everybody. Everybody’s going to be taken care of much better than they’re taken care of now.”  Where is it
Get out of the way,  Crybaby
Schumer needs to be impeach, out of congress.  Out of power him and Pelosi.
Chuck. Hold ur breath!
Still support my President #nomatterwhat #neverDemocrats.They are a #StupiditylostSinfulparty. Unorganized #stupidleaders with #noagenda #Ha
Economy added 235,000 jobs in February & the #unemployment rate ticked down to 4.7 percent. Sounds good to this member of the middle class.
Thanks to you self-serving Schmucks
It's only been 100 days chucky. How long have you been a senator??? Way to long
#BrokenPromises Broken Mind.
Rambling on, making promises is a lot easier than delivering.
Check out POLITICO Investigation 4.24.17 article re Obama IRAN "deal giveaway". TREASON right under your nose & YOU missed it, Chuckie !!!
@TheDemocrats @POTUS has had 100 days and a "DO NOTHING CONGRESS" to deal with. Obammy had 8 years & failed. @HouseGOP @FoxNews
NEVER TRUMP !

At least it's only been 100 days. U, Pelosi, Reid & Obama made promises to middle class you didn't keep for 8 YEARS! What a joke!
It's only been a 100 days! don't worry he still has 3 and 3/4 more years to help make everything better than the Democrats could ever had!
yo Chuck you have got to stop tugging on it so much
Sigh. 
Preening politicians like you, Chuck, and Trump simply can't help yourselves?
Hope you thinking if running for POTUS!!
That's how ignorant you come across... he's trying to clean up the mess you smart all knowing political leaders left.  What have you done?
You had eight years to help the middle class, Chuck.
Schumer is trying to ensure POTUS is unable to fulfill his promises, then he loses. Schumer rep.the people, needs to get something done.
@MariaTCardona trump promise jobs,hear corps 2 hire, Intel made same deal 2 Obama,2012, cancelled '14. No policy, no guarantees
@MariaTCardona You're hearing about tax breaks but it's Corp taxes, what about tax breakers for the middle income
Funny, the middle class disagrees with you.
U prove why stupid people shouldn't vote.
what have you promised Chuckie? Oh yeah...to obstruct @POTUS at every turn. You're pathetic!!!
@SenSchumer you're the best.  Impeach his buttockimus!
That's what a liar does...Like all those WORKERS he screwed and didn't pay, or th folks he said he'd bail out.
He has been given a complete pass by his supporters to turn the US into a third world country at war with the entire world.
U both Rdisgusting! POTUS has done so much& not finished despite your propaganda & Obstruction U & other Dems do ea day! Perez what a Joke!
I'm still waiting on my shovel ready job!
Chucky the clown
so what have you done besides make speeches about what everyone else is isn't doing? Besides your fake tears and complaining
Pelosi retweeting Schumers old tweets. Can't come up with any new ones?
No were not
you have no problem with the lack of promises your pal Pres Obama met in EIGHT F'ING YEARS?
He's doing more then the dems ever did. You still haven't learned how to talk to or address the needs of the forgotten middle class.
You have had 50 yrs and they are still waiting
AND WHAT PROMISE HAS HE BROKE, NAME THEM I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW!
Get off your asses & support @POTUS







What do u know about the middle class Chuckles ?  What's your net worth again
You say, do and move like a snail leaving tracks of slow hatred
You promised so much to the ppl of New York and u still haven't delivered
They'll all be dead before he and the GOP deliver anything useful to them.
Quit standing in his way you hypocrite
Maybe you could stop obstructing his progress then?
You should never be in any kind of leadership position.
Still waiting on an honest democrat that keeps their promises and looks out for Americans and not self interest or party 1st or illegals
YOU HAD 8 YEARS WITH OBAMA I DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING GOOD TO OUT OF THAT. ANYBODY OVER 50 LOST THEIR JOBS AND NOW ROBOTS ARE TAKING ARE JOBS
Easy Chuck, Obama screwed the middle class for 8 long years, it won't be fixed in a day
Flint still no drinkable water either,i always thought the apocalypse would be BOOM and it may one day but for now #incrementalapocalypse 
Lol.  Your washed up.  Old news. Drain the swamp. Don't let the door hit you.and your cronies ass on the way out!  Muuuwahahahaha
why do you lie so much stop blocking every thing he does he cant do no right in your eyes your a damn liar he did alot with no help from u
Look at the ones pointing fingers, Schumer, Pelosi, Perez, Franken, Warren, Feinstein, Durbin...how proud are you of that mess? No help!
The democrats destroyed the middle class shumer
They have been waiting for the DEMS FOREVER. I am one of those rural farm families. Walk your talk Chuck!!!!! We have Hope with Trump
Biggest conman, traitor, fake president in America's history!

#trump100days 
#Trumprussia 
#ImpeachTrump
It's funny that you say it but I don't see it! It's over act like it!
& u promised to represent all ur constituents. Ur team protected union pensions & healthcare while turning ur back on Delphi retirees.
The democrats promised so much to the middle class.  They're still waiting.
How are the African Americans doing Chucky??   Ohbthats right.  They're all still poor.  They just don't vote for you anymore
He will deliver far more than you and the  democrats will ever deliver and you know it
Down with STONEWALLING. If you stonewall you are treasonous and should be removed from office
100 days what have you contributed in that time?  You have 0 class. Stop being a slimeball and help for once in your life. Do your job!
What about those promises to uphold the Constitution? America is waiting for all the electeds to honor their oaths by keeping Trump to his
I'm happier than ever, jobs are back, good foreign relations with our allies & I feel safer because @POTUS talks tough, lower border leaps
How long have you been on the Senate?  What have you accomplished? Nothing helpful to our country, only to you or your party.
U R 2 fine tuned LIARS! Disgrace to USA!  Must GO!
Schumer we're still waiting on you , do some thing worthwhile.
@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews @BBCNews @ABCPolitics #100daysofshame #100daysof #TheResistance #mondaymotivation
@realDonaldTrump "You of all @SenSchumer cannot speak for us...POTUS is on TRACK; priorities changes, especially w/ th Crap Lib/Dems doing."
Go back to your Choom, Schmuck.
I waited for 8 years for Obama promises. You can wait your turn!!!
I'm trying to keep my head above water. My brain hurts please forgive me you r kind folks
The Democratic party has broken promises, Democrats pretend to care about the people and in the background block policies that help poor.
Give him a chance and work with him (if you can get your head out of your ass long enough!) Do your damn job! what have u done the last 95 ?
That's Ur fault! U keep blocking the things that were coming to us!! As usual Ur lying! That's why the middle class hopes U Dems Vaporize!!
But you and  your dem senators  are  the  problem. don't  think we  are fools.
#ChuckSchumer - you fail to represent us every day.  You are self centered only representing yourself.  You need to #StepDownSchumer.
Don't ever speak for us! We are thrilled with his progress! Now you, we want you drained out of Washington !
I waited for eight years and the only thing I got was a big headache.
Chucky, you're terminally stupid! And you lie...
Dems do nothing 4 the middle class.u don't even try.
Doing a good job so far
BLAA BLAW SCHUMER!  YOU'RE A JOKE! NO ONE IS LISTENING TO YOU. YOUR 5 MINS OF FAME IS OVER. RETIRE PLEASE!
Even IF Chuck read his twitter an seen how many people are tired of his crap he still wouldn't change his positions.
Stop the hate!  President Trump is doing just fine.I don't watch CNN for a reason and Pelosi is a joke! She always looks drunk when speaking
@Bebeknows only the foolish ones!
@NancyPelosi Oh REMEMBER you ALL work for US the American people! Don't forget that!
@NancyPelosi Tired of you demoRATS ! My President is doing just fine , maybe if he had help things could be done faster.
And class you have but you however had nothing at least he has done more in 100 days then 8 years so what is your excuse? NONE pathetic man
How can he? If you few Dems and obama's lingering buddies still in judicial power obstructing everything the President tries to get thru?
Sorry Chucky boy but you Democrats are in big trouble
Please also talk about WHY GOP Senate/House are reluctant to investigate  the President's ties to Russia & Conflicts of interest #TrumpFail
We are waiting for you and Nancy to retire. Tired of listening to the both of you crying.
@MarkWarner @NancyPelosi 73% Want Independent Investigator into Trump/Putin. NOTHING BEING DONE in Senate & House is Unacceptable. @FBI 
Chuck come on, almost 100 days and look what all he's working on.  You'd get more respect if u work with him
@NancyPelosi he has time no one expects him to fix the mess you made in 100 days
Broken promise indeed! #trump100days
Yeah, Trump's bad cause OBUMMER and the Democrats promised us so much and delivered it all in the 1st 100 days of the Prez's administration!
And you are blocking for no good reason except childish jealousy
Yes, and he has to fight Chuck Schumer all the way to get anything done! I am so proud of all he has been able to accomplish!
If there was a majority of D's in Senate and Congress, would you be impeaching him now?
Lots of Russian bots and trolls out today. Trump only cares about Trump. He is a liar and a fraud. Traitor in Chief.
I know I have blocked 10
True, but your job is to start delivering for the middle class one way or another.
Still dividing to win instead of working on your own personal integrity? Same old Dems... Nothing to offer
I'm good. You don't speak for me anymore. Left Dem party because of low integrity people like YOU, Andrew, and Hillary to name a few
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah .. save it schumer
Actually we are not Chuckie. @realDonaldTrump has done more in his short time in office than O-Clown did for us in 8 years.  #YouHaveNoClue
Chucky Socialist Schumer. What a game you play. He's done more for us than any Democrat! He has to waste time keeping you liars at Bay. Go t
@NancyPelosi @SenWarren @SenJohnMcCain @sengraham2016 IT IS YOUR DUTY TO INVESTIGATE this 'Potus' and RUSSIAN COLLUSION AND MONEY LAUNDERING
bury that dead horse. You've beat it long enough!
