You wanted Comey fired whats the big deal - hypocrite much?  We stand with @POTUS
Just like you and your narrative, snakeboy. #Backtoworksenator
SHUT UP SCHUMER.  YOU SURE CONTRADICTED YOURSELF!
Great job Crying Chuck, we hold you fully responsible for the significant drop in the stock market due to your resistance & stall tactics!
please resign now
I will never vote democrat again, even vote Mc Cain , no take it back not that ass. Any body but
Go home
Show us the evidence - have you found a server in someone's closet?
Schumer your hatred of Pres. Trump is doing unbelievable harm to our nation.
Get off your soapbox and start working for your constituents.
What about this:    https://www.indivisibleguide.com/about-us/   shame
McCain has bern feeding u bogus news there chuckie


.@Twitter is it not time to suspend this acct for the lies, Russian fed news/collusion,obstruction of justice &stability of USA #TimeOut https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/864436162567471104 …
You are an Idiot and will be one of those who are remembered for destroying our great country. Wish you would all move to another county
You Schumer have a duty to your country! You have let your country, and our President down! Obstruction!
If there is a person guilty of treason it is Senator Schumer. Him and his henchpersons (how PC I am) are all treasonous. #Backtoworksenator
7 year olds haven't mastered the art of lying.
Porous, shifting & oftentimes contradictory...sounds just like @SenSchumer!!
Poor little chucky
Who's on first . . .
Jumping into the stock market today, thank you Chuck.  You're doing your country such a service.  May you rot in your conspiracies.
LIBERALISM IS NOW CONSIDERED A CULT
They need to hold off confirmation of a new FBI director until they get a  special prosecutor for the Russia Trump investigations.
The HATE DemocRATS have for President Trump is dangerous for Americans!
Sounds like Hillary to me, Chuck

Mr Schumer. Get the memo from the post and we will know who is shifting. We need action not he said he said. Get to work.
Wrong again.  Get to work on America's real business instead of this neverending political campaign garbage, or get out!!!!

Schumer perhaps it is time the word treason is used against you ..your a flip flopper a liar mr fake tears and basically a running joke
Blah blah blah
#SethRich
U R on taxpayers money, All U do  is to obstruct a President who was selected by people. Democratic party is on payroll of Islam, Globalists
How about working instead of obstructing? Sick of you.
this may be the truest statement you Schumer you have ever made????
Please push for an #IndependentCommission. Better than a special prosecutor — can't be fired.
Chucky please leave real issues to someone with a brain. we all know your agenda is you...not America.  A disgrace is an understatement
Maybe go to work on other issues and give this a rest. America deserves a balanced budget, deficit reduction, secure borders, sustainable hc
Remember Mr Senator - leadership is not about beating your chest and feeling great. It's about what have you done to make America better.
Typical poor Dem leadership. Rush to judgment before getting all the facts/details. Your hate for anything Repub. is deplorable.
YOU need to be investigated, how did you become so rich on a government salary???
lets look into this! $1.6Billion @BarackObama gives to iran
#MissingComeyMemo : Obama wouldnt tell Congress where he got the money. 
#TrumpsLegacyWillBe #WednesdayWisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TqipzsTOjg …
We don't need to "get to the bottom" of the out-in-the-open obstruction of justice. Must we complete EVERY investigation b4 impeaching?
I'm sure you should be able to conjure up a few tears as you rush to the microphone over this. #FakeTears
Schumer, you are absolutely disgusting
Retire Chuck. How stupid do you think we are. I don't believe the liberal press. #liberals spread hate. Be ashamed! Hypocrites.
What U better hope is that the Leaks coming out r not traced back to the Dems & possible to You someone is doing what has never been done
Fears are running rampant in the swamp. @POTUS is shaking Washington to its core. So amusing to watch the looney left freaking out. #UseLess
Sounds like you are describing yourself Chuckles.

Good thing you're so clean
New Yorkers, your Sen is supported by Russian money. Does he really work for New Yorkers?
New Yorkers, your Sen wants to let criminals live in your cities. Does he really care about you? Who is Tanveer Hussein?
First of all let's see the memo that's what sounds like BS to me. Everyone knows how crooked and corrupt you are Chuck. Comey's a known liar
U r ruining our country
And I bet you couldn't be happier.
No, no there was no classified information passed on to the Russians... It was just "locker room talk"  #ComradeTrump
Stop this fake crap against Trump or else we the people will vote to have you pelosi &; waters to be removed & we will push treason charges

Jeff sessions reopen charges against these crooks &; Obama & all his administration for murder of men in bengazi.
Stop trying to play politics start working for Americans. Calling for impeachment is nonsense at we will hold U directly responsible
The only "shifting" are your attacks trying to destroy President Trump! We will all pay the price for Dems behavior, here and abroad!
@realDonaldTrump 
@davidaxelrod @seanhannity 
Obama's doing this 2 deflect from 
Susan Rice unmasking Flynn which is REAL CRIME
Perhaps if you start with her all leaks will trace back to big house in Kalorama DC
Get em chuck !'n @SenSchumer
And 44 & Clinton's were so trustworthy!  Democrats are out of touch and hypocrites!
Sounds just like ur team's explanation of why u stole ur constituents Delphi pensions & still have not returned them. Chuck, care 2 comment?
Keep resisting.
Much like OBAMA. I see where you're going with this.
You would know. You're the king of BS #chickenlittle
I hope you don't get re-elected or McCain! The country needs strength not the elected ones to continue to tear us down! Sad!
You just described the White House in general.
Impeach trump
More concerned about who is leaking intelligence
U r making a mockery out of our govt.U R a disgrace... this man even wants to hand over THEIR RECORDS OF CONVERSATION, HOW SAD JUST 2 SHUT U
this is all Bs and propaganda and a conspiracy to get Trump out of office and enough wasting the taxpayers money
Stop wasting taxpayers money going after Trump he is the right man for the job not you
This is liberal propaganda. Wake up there is a war being waged against US citizens by the dishonest liberal media and liberal Elite.
no more than your bunch does up there getting big raises and doing nothing
Just like yours @SenSchumer,
The media and DEMS are giving out more information then POTUS did to Russians, what is wrong with you people?  STOP talking about it
Your credibility is thinner then Trumps. You have been the "senator that cried wolf" for years now. Even if you had a point, no listeners.
You would know about porous, you are so transparent. WishFBI find a reason to look at your email and ph logs--tired of your lies
Once again, Chuck, you crack me up! You should join Amy on the comedy club circuit. No prob, we always have invisible  Kirstin to rep us!
HYPOCRITE U want American ppl 2 think it's ok that U all supported Hillary reguardless of her crimes, & OK 2 MAKE STUFF UP ABOUT PRES. TRUMP
You change your position more than some change clothes.
Hey Chuck taxes healthcare jobs immigration why not do your job for me today
Trump could save a baby from a burning building and the Democrats would say trump runs from Burning building while baby cries
#FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews
So now you trust Comey this is a setup and smells bad like week old fish. Americans aren't stupid
You're a classic case of delusion
That's because they're lying.
You are a crazy loon and need Xanax as well as all DEMS. You have been hell bent since Day 1 to obstruct and obstruct POTUS. SHAMEFUL U R!
Almost as if describing yourself. Interesting.
You should know about being shifty.
You really have a hard on for @POTUS  , don't you and democrats!, why not have a mtg with @POTUS!!! All senators!!
Schumer,why do you think anybody trust you at all! All democrats ARE corrupt,with their shush funs,lies,bigotry,and racist remarks!You suck!


You won't use NAMED sources, produce the so called memo, charge Comey with obstruction for failing to report so called obstruction. Lies?
That's right.  Keep going.  You are supported.
Do something!
Wow Senator much like yours. Do your job and et back to actually doing what you hired to do stop chasing RED HERRINGS
It's just confirmation that Comey was a Obamanation political hack, another ideologue hiding in Govt. Swamp creature 
Impeachment is due Trump is a corrupt President feeding him his family and friends not to mention our enemies pockets has own agenda
Hmmm. Good adjectives for YOUR obstructionist justifications. You have a true gift for hypocrisy.
If people don't trust the media they have issues that need intensive therapy. Esp @potus. This is America. The press is in the constitution.
Thank you @SenSchumer for standing up for the American people.  @LindseyGrahamSC  is party over country.
To say the least and putting it mildly...
What happened to the Chuck Schumer we knew? You've lost all credibility in your focus on demeaning the President.
Like your lying for Hillary and Obama with there giving our country away. You are a creep at best how shameful you are to our nation
Sorry to say, no offence intended, but they are worded in typical Political rhetoric nothing more than the way they speak.
It is clear that the liberal media, run by Democrats, are undermining the United States in its hatred for President Trump.
Embarrassing. Unprincipled. Amateurish. Hypocritical. Made up. Untruthful.
Chuck the events themselves from "anon sources" that you cling to are porous, shifting & oftentimes contradictory
Much like you are! CONTRADICTORY!!"FIRE HIM,DON'T FIRE HIM!!STFUS!!
pot..kettle
#cuckschumer
Purveyor of Dishonest News
They can't even tell what's the truth and what's a lie anymore because they're at trumps whim.
You mean the WH keeps changing their alternative facts.
No that would be the press. Truth is being told but Socialists Democrats can't deal with it
Thanking the good Lord for you sir!! Thank you so much for standing up for us!!!
Your statement is popsterious you are trying to create an issue there is none
if you only listen to yourself (which I'm sure you do given you're so pompous), who wanted Comey fired a few months ago? DOH!
Ya think? 
Because they are a bunch of L-I-A-R-S!! #TREASON!! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
HRC did same thing, but did you say anything? Noooooooooooo #draintheswamp
She wasn't president.
Moot point, She was involved with upper states of government since being First Lady. She's had more Security debriefs than most.
She created a pac to keep feathering her "nest". Different name, same results; sucking cash from disenfranchised.
You have 100 percent of my support!!
At best.
Nope
Use your voice!

Demand Answers
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#CallNow #retweetNow
This is not normal
It's normal, just not to you. Lmao
