Lol!!!!!!
The best tax plan ever !!.
We have been waiting for this cuts forever.
Democrats only know taxing the people . NO JOB
Why? U'll just do Ur bashing thing we've heard from day one after Pres.Trump won.
chuck schumer is throwing children under the bus refusing a extension of the omnibus bill leaving minors health care doomed
I can't stand to look at you I sure have no respect for what you have to say
Sorry Chuck have no time for you
Trump's tax plan doesn't help the rich.  It helps me, the middle class,  who the Democratic Party has stolen from for years.  Look it up!
Sounds like judge nom for Supreme Court. Reps blocked everything including caw year without a Justice
Why, it will just be lies & you twist the truth!
Thank you, Sen Schumer.
Chuck, retire. The gov't doesn't revolve around you. Time to give it up.
Schumer vocabulary =non starter non starter non starter non starter non starter non starter non starter non starter non starter............?
Lies no I don't think so
Screw the Dems on everything, need to nuke all items
Everytime you open you mouth, the country moves further to the right.  #MAGA
A partisan update on the other party, won't be the least biased at all.... 

T00 much Trump everywhere
Why waste my time on your lies?

#BuildTheWall #MAGA
Politician Schumer
2009 #TBT 
Heard your speech on the news.  Evidently you forget about Dem amendments to code in 1986.  You are no more Jewish than the Pope. @POTUS

Snooze.....
#NoTaxReturnNoBudget #TheResistance
Thank you Sen Schumer, don't let the bots get you down!
No interest in wasting my time listening to your lies
You are the menace of our society 
@TrumpForVets @40Love6060 @TrumpToTriumph 
@LoveuLynn 
@MarcoGutierrez
If you read your tweets you'd realize the majority do not agree with you. I predict more losses for Dems in 2018
Just a note of heartfelt thanks to off-set the barrage of trolls. THANK YOU, Sir. We see what you're fighting against.
Term limits liar
Aren't you embarrased to be a democrat?  Should be!
Your party spent us to oblivion! The deficit created by dems nearly destroyed the country! All to bribe your low info constituents. #shame.
What listen to more Chuck Schumer twists to the truth?
What have the Democrats done in the last 100 days. Nothing but complain and obstruct. 2018 can't come soon enough.
Whey do taxpayers subsidize insurance companies when they have billions in profits. You're such a hypocrite.
@DNC @POTUS Snakeoil schumer trying to scam us again. Term limit this clown out. Term Limits now
Economics is about incentivizing money, when you incentivize the poor you create ghettos.
Look at any city that has been solely democratically run over the last 3 decades.
No thanks, don't want to hear your BS propoganda!

I'd rather brush my teeth with a toilet brush. It would leave me with better memories.
Why bother?  Dems won't pass anything no matter what's in it. 1st it was border wall now it's health care. You are looking like fools
Why would I join you.  You are driven by hate and resistance.  You do not represent the majority of American Citizens. more dem losses 2018
Why do you can bash that too. McCarthyisim. Such a snowflake
You forgot to mention the most important problem - North Korea - you need to #retire
No thanks Chucky boy
Why you hate America?
Let him crash the economy, disillusion his ignorant supporters.
U are Embarrassing 24x7 with your idiotic rhetoric #Resign 
#draintheswamp #Termlimits #fakenews #SchumerMakesAmericaSick
Russia intel hearings!  I care about that.
We need a raise that will let us survive not just exist in this economy it's torture
What the Dems want is continued 1-2% growth & to keep all those entitlements going for those who don't want to work.
I don't want to join with you at allon anything 
Why don't you bring up us on social security starving over due years of raises can't live on $10000 a year we choose between meds food roof
you are a wast of the working class tax money you need to go
Why? You wont say anything meaningful or helpful, you'll just bash and grandstand. I have a 5yr old I'd rather watch - thanks
I bet you and Nancy don't like it. Don't cry this time just obstruct like you usually do.
Do you even know what a budget is? Or do you just throw that word around to act like you are doing something?
only if you promise not to cry.
When!?  
