Liar
LIAR. Senate Dem voted NO because they are taking part of the money in kickbacks --- just like ACORN
How come we need about 80 programs with your Ocare.  Thought that was to care for all medical care!!
It's easy to spend taxpayer money just to put a feather in your cap. Do you ever think about balancing a budget or set priorities like we do

The first honest thing that ever came out of her mouth.Haha!

Lmao!!
War on Women.  You have a war on babies u baby killer hypocrit.  U have no room to talk bozo bany killer snowflake.  Schumor war on babies
Cut funding for Planned Parenthood.  Abortion kills innocent babies.  Are u a baby killer Chu kie.  May God have mercy on your soul.  Killer
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Good! you pay for it! You pro-abort hypocrite
You lie.  There are still income based facilities out there. They just don't do abortions.  They can still get treatment. Stop lying!!!!!!!!


CONTRACEPTIVE ACCESS IS VITAL TO WOMEN AND FAMILIES!!! STOP THIS BILL!!!!
Are u ababy killer.  5th commandment from God.  Do not kill.  May God have mercy n. Ur soul baby killer. Get on ur knees beg for forgiveness
All Demodummies want to make sure is abortion clinics are funded. You lost the Presidency the Senate & the House!!!
Stay strong and don't cave. Stand up to the Republican anti-everything agenda.
Actually thats a correct description of the Democrats!
Sure. If we colluded with the Russians Hillary would be President.
Exactly, that's the only way corrupt Hillary would have had a chance to be President! 
Also the only way dumb, unqualified Trump became president.
Are u bigger than God Schumer.  5th commandment Do not kill.  U are promoting the killing of babies.   A Baby killer is your legacy.  Loser
That's the best battle you can fight?
You sure know how to lose!
Like U care about Families.PLEASE! Chuck Schumer fires staffers right before the holidays http://nyp.st/2hcNles  via @nypost
@SenateDems are idiots. With comprehensive obamacare why spend millions to tell people "if you can't afford kids, don't have any"?
Thank you for standing strong against these ghastly laws coming from Hill Republicans.
What's cruel is you incompetent boobs attempting to convince gullible fools that government can solve their problems. You just want tax $$
blah blah nlah
Are you gonna cry?
Why not take resources away from Congress and give to Americans who need help!!! Would you vote Yes!!!
How would these GOP men feel about a group of women choosing their access to condoms and vasectomies? 
Actually, going to one payer system would be when women (and everyone else$ would have no choices! Smh
CLINICS available.
As a constituent, I appreciate the vote on #TitleX, and hope you'll be vocal every day about improving women's access to healthcare.
All women have access to health care!
Chuck give me a break you do not care. What is your true agenda?
CRUEL? CRUEL? What do you call what happens to the body of a baby during an abortion sir??
--or an RNC who have knowledge of who the Public is and what their job is.
We deeply appreciate you, but nothing about the RNC indicates politicians interested in public service
We're very thankful Senator
No sir it won't. Please stop saying the SKY IS FALLING
the Dems have turned America in to HELL, there is no reason why we can't be th e greatest country except for the dem
Of course, Sleezy Schumer votes no. This is one of Demwits sources of power! Too bad. They lost!
Obama care insurance for all, remember
thank you!!!
2010 Dems lost the House
2012 Dems lost the Senate
2016 Dems lost the White House
2017 Dems lost ability to reason
It's not Russia, it's YOU
BS - use private $$$
I think title X has helped a lot of women get into college and graduate. It needs to STAY!
Hahahaha. What have you been smoking?!?!
I am MOST concerned with your obstructionism! You are a dusgrace!!!
It doesn't matter, your party controls ZERO parts of government.
go join them

REMEMBER THAT WHEN YOU VOTE!
Thank you Sen. Schumer. STAY STRONG!!  Call them out.
& surely vote yes on killing babies and harvesting parts for resale. #PlannedParenthood #BabyParts #tcot #hypocrisy #CorruptPolitician
BANKRUPTING America IS WORSE! BBA NOW! Demand it, fight for it, save OUR Country! 80% agree!
But there are some unborn children who are digging it.
You guys said the same thing during slavery. Freedom? Who's gonna take care of them darkies?They can’t handle freedom. Just excusing murder!
Democrats turn around and prosecute right to life. Not how I want my tax dollars spent.
California AG mess
We give money to Planned Parenthood via the government, Planned Parenthood turns around gives it to Democrats.....
They r some COLD SOB #VOTETHEMOUT2018
#UNITEBLUE
it's amazing when someone researches the truth what they find !
no. Youre voting no because you are narrow minded partisan hacks. Tell the truth.
Trump on his way to destroying the evil democrat party identity politics.
You vote NO because that's what you do regardless of whether or not bill benefits America.
It would appr there r about 3 things Rs want $ 2 go 2. And they all rhyme w srich, swhite n smale.
because most of you are satanist
.@SenSchumer @SenateDems Hey Chuckie! Do you read any of your twitter comments? 90% of your own followers can't stand you. SAD! #MAGA
That's all you do Chuckie...vote no.
Be honest with your constituents. U need people to need U. U only want to stay in power. U don't like America!
you acting like a 2 year old and need to b replaced.. Trump is our president..Get on board or b replaced
geez. You do know you work for NY right!!! Then get your backside back to work!!!!  You are mentally breaking down
you are the cruel one to women chuck, yelling your head off at them,belittling them in public. You should step down!
What resources?  Have you seen the national debt that Obama and the DEMS accumulated?  Stop adding to it.
Yeah take away $$ and they may have to get off their fat asses and go to work!
if you notice he doesn't care about women look at his cabinet
thank you for the No vote and please keep fighting!!

go troll someone else
no I'm go right here. You could keep your mouth shut and move on though.
nah I'm good, you can take your own advice though troll
In Russia they Hate the Disabled too. Sad USA citizens have hired a guy who attack the disabled ! Says they are weak
mouth piece clueless.
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA - your personal attacks are clueless EGG ! Don't RUSSIA to respond ! 
It must be great being the @SenateDems because the moment Trump was inaugurated you've completely forgot 8yrs of failed policy 
Hang in there you guys. We're counting on it.
Thank you for your support!
