Yes, the Retired, the Disabled who can't work - including a LOT of American Vets who served and came back from the war missing parts/minds.
I'm glad you're whole enough to be able to.  There are even young soldiers who can't afford to house, clothe, feed their families on current
I work full time and have for 40 years. I don't get anything for free except your abuse. You don't understand the full impacts of what's
going on with legislation. It absolutely is about veterans and others - if not medical, food, assistance.
At least trump tells you the truth and not lying to their face. Remember, you will keep your plan...you will keep your doctor..memory loss
Had the INSURANCE companies not changed their plans, the statement was true. The Federal Government didn't force that on people.
So your boy did everything right and all these "things" just happened to him..Right. giving enemy Iran $$, who Did that to him?
President Obama didn't do *everything* right. And, as for Iran - check the Hague and international law. We were morally obligated to return
that money to them. But don't let me confuse you with the true facts - you want to believe it was a ransom, go right ahead and believe it.
The *only* part close to that is the timing allowed us to delay unfreezing their assets (get that - it was THEIR money, not ours) until we
got what we wanted first. "Facts are stubborn things." -J. Adams, VP1, POTUS2
How can we cap your BS - Obamacare stole mine and millions more insurance - #RepealACA ... it is GARBAGE
Please!  Fight on!  #TrumpinSaudi #Trump #trumpcareLeaks #lowenergytrump #RESISTANCE #ACA #Trumprussia
Please - NO EVIDENCE - @SenSchumer sucks -
Trump must be stopped ....
Trump must be able to do his job. Barack sucked.
Not if we can help it ... block trump at every move ... but maybe the special prosecutor will end it all ... yes ... we only hope
Not going to happen, but maybe in your dreams. Americans have a right to protected borders and more. Americans first
I can only say ... the education system really failed you ... am sorry about that ... but look to news sources other that Fox ...  it helps
Go take your meds.

You're right so move stupid.
@POTUS should take it out of all of you lazy do nothing Democrats when you retire! Seems kind of funny how you're worth millions on civil
It the Russians and Trump colluding to save tax payers money!!!! ( my top secret anonymous sources told me so)
Obama raped Medicare of 7 billion dollars to pay for Medicaid,  its all just a trick with the Far Lefties
And it's moral to have no cap right?  Stealing from one generation and giving to another. It's stealing.
And now the #TrumpBudget would cut their benefits. This needs to be stopped.
Your starting to get senile like Pelosi time to retire
I ask bc I watched the exchange between you and McCarthy yesterday and found it enlightening. But was left with this question.
Sen.,could you pls clarify is there going to be anotherHouse vote onTrumpcare bc CBO review was not submitted? Making previous vote invalid?
Why aren't they on Medicare ?
Chuckles. You're a Senior.  Retire.
It would be easier to believe you chuck if you and the other senators Insurance was on the Obamacare and not your own special deal
YOU ARE FULL OF CRAAAAAP!
Stop giving illegals our benefits then. It your job to negotiate this not whine to us Do your job negotiate
The political powers that be just want those seniors to go off and die. They are taking away too much money from the rich. How dare they.
#Trumpcare is a dodge. It's #Republicare. Make their party own it, not their fall guy.
Who would vote for these villains if they knew they we cutting Medicaid. Rich people I guess.
And you care....
Blah blah blah
half are illegals
Here's my thing! trump give a country $110 billion dollars, but is   cutting food stamps here in the U.S.A.! Whats wrong with this picture?
LOL, Trump negotiated a sale worth $110B-money coming to US Companies not going out to Saudi gov't
Your reports and facts are so misleading. Why do you do this Chucky?
Good
Seniors use Medicare not Medicaid Chuck sheesh
As Trump would say in one of his twitter rants, SAD!!
Sure do after putting money in Trust for family. New Yorker who will pay my way. Age 88.
Trump trying to save healthcare for AMERICA and democrats don't care about people.
Why do Repubs always want to punish the poor?  I will never understand those and why their voters are okay with this?
#RepealReagan'sTax on social security ! SS was taken out of every check we received & no interest to us. It should NOT be taxed.
Obamacare has already done this... thanks to you liberals dipping into the both Medicaid and Medicare to pay for the failing law
Keep fighting for us Chuck we need you!
Always 2 sides 2 ur nonsense. Medicaid never covered homecare for seniors 100%. Disabled or not. Wasnt covered 4 my grandma under Obamacare
That's state run...stop being so stupid
maybe a better solution would b for Medicare to be accepted as payment in full to hospitals, nursing homes, physicians then no need for caid

Trump wants to screw Americans that rely on Medicaid, but still wants 1.6B to build that damn wall!
It's not like you earn that paycheck anyway just sit back N obstruct.I can't wait for election so we can vote you and all obstructions out.
It's easy for you because middle class gets stuck paying the difference. How about we dock your pay and the corporate animals.
2/3 of New York city rely on Government Assistance, maybe help create jobs, bring back pride of pay checks Average senior gets $20 in stamps
Medicaid fraud investigations should help
Don't believe this lying traitor, he is insane with his hate for Trump, who is trying to help everyone including Dems.
Here you go again, trashing our President, lying to the American people with you Liberal hate message, traitor.
Nope these are people living off the government aid in NYC. NYS IS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. YOU SHOULD BE PROUD
Good thing it has to go through house and senate first Chucky! Getting nervous? Trumps doing pretty well on his trip ha! 
That's what I call a .... #DEATHPANEL
This is NOT RIGHT oh and NOT NORMAL!!!
And the 1 percent will get huge tax cuts. Impeach Trump.
They are capped RIGHT NOW!!
If Seniors are eligible for Medicare Part B, they LOSE Medicaid and Dental coverage.
Non Seniors get dental
How much is fraudulent?
Unwanted citizens but GOP and the orange clown don't care as long as they gets lower taxes.
That's the GOP's way of reducing the elderly low income population. Their elderly aren't affected so they don't care. Harsh way to eleminate
As a senior I would be outraged if only I could believe a single word that comes out if your mouth. No I have to do some research.
I'm a senior in California who relied on Medicaid! Don't let these schmucks get away with this! Ryan's responsible for this.
While under investigation, NO exec orders passed, no nominations (Gorsuch should be removed). Until complete, SCOTUS rule. #stopthismadness
ACA cut senior care took away necessary medication, doctors that they had for years.  So shove your BS concern we know your #hypocrisy
Would u stop with fear tactics and start working on a plan with both sides working on it Another Words DO YOUR JOB
It would great to see you get a real job.
Really? When do we get off this merry go round. Enough already. Let's get people back to work. Get a life already.
Please fight this it is criminal!
Must be shown the light..shit...just wake me when the coup starts
Then get ur shit together and stop this..now!!  4 the love of humanity stop this nightmare, it's insanity.  If repub want job security..they
GET OFF TRUMP
Get a F., ing job like us who have to pay our way
Time to get out of the way. #retire
And Hasidic Jews are biggest perpetrators of Medicaid fraud which you are well aware. What are you doing about it???? PHONY OLD FOOL

The sad irony is the States with the highest percentage of ppl on Disability, Medicaid, Food Stamps are RED states. NY isn't 1 of the worst!
This is so disheartening.
#Trump & GOP channeling Marie Antoinette and the aftermath
They should get out and get a job and get off Medicaid.  Trump is doing exactly what he should!!
Do you not know that the majority of non elderly Medicare recipients work full time?
At some point everything has to have a cap! Ur projects will have to wait 8 more yrs. In the mean time, go on a budget like the rest of us!!
How much longer before this cabal gets thrown out?
This can't happen.
Chuckie, are you confusing seniors with illegals.
So tweet some BS about it! Do your job and protect the American people or we will find someone that will! Wolf-PAC!
Their care is already capped by Obamacare and his death panels.
% of Federal budget covers Medicaid/Medicare/ACA vs. proposed tax breaks/AHCA? Seems Universal Health Care would be far more cost effective.
Srs esp women low SS work all lives hv Medicare only because Medicaid pays premiums deds pathetically cruel 2 fragile elderly
Are you insane? You could care less! Shut up! Retire!
How many of those are illegal immigrants?
fear mongering at its finest
Maybe a time to rethink who gets what in this state.
you mean Medicare?
Unconscionable
What number on year staff or anywhere in D.C. Have obamacare
Well chuck it is time to cut or go broke?
Sounds like NY better come up with plan B
There have to be caps on many things. A lil here, a lil there... STOP trying to scare ppl ya shyster!
State can pick up and help.
PLEASE take the cap off contribution to social security payroll taxes! It is ridiculous that ppl that make over $118,500 stop paying
You also should be on Medicaid. You're a phony.
You know this also effects us who are employed in the medical industry. If they cut funding it cuts care for our patients & our income.
And if you VOTED FOR OBAMA YOU GET WHAT YOU DESERVE. Democrats and people TRUSTED YOU. People believed the democrats & You're LYING RATS
YOU &Your FELLOW DEMOCRATS Supported Obama & saId nothing as He spent this country into Oblivion.U cared nothing 4 debt & defecit. HYPOCRITE
Besides Schumer you HYPOCRITE they always have that $2500.00 EACH FAMILY Will get back on direct Medical savings because of Obamacaee
What is wrong with them using Medicare?  Free lunch?
Bottomline GOP wants low income folks to just up and die. Ayn Rand strikes again in the form of Trump and Ryan. Yuck.
Simply outrageous.
You know this as a fact? Show us the documents so we can read it for ourselves. If the state of NY does it that's on you and dems
I assume it also caps their lives
Fox is for the most part propaganda. They will even parrot lies straight from the Kremlin, ignore real stories. Active measures...Fox...
Keep up the fight guys, we are on the side of right, battle into the night!!!
Excellent news Chuck! Tell @realDonaldTrump we appreciate his help.
GOP is going to fix health care and we will all have more choices.
Thsnds of seniors in NY relied on Delphi pensions. Schumer supported the theft of his constituents lively hood. WNY has lost $1B+ since
How about the people who get plastic surgery with Medicae
#obummercare would bankrupt Medicaid. @POTUS is rescuing a colossal failure of @TheDemocrats
Stop complaining and get involved. "RESIST" does nothing for us Americans.
#MAGA
Another Chuckie lie.  Not true.  U continue to insult informed Americans.  Retire and let someone with a brain take over.  Retire quit.
Mr Schumer. You now have the bill in the senate. If you don't like something then work with Reps to fix it. It's your job stop complaining
We can't allow this to happen
Why aren't you hailing the fact that he is trying to bring peace to Middle East?
We,in Jewish community, r watching you?
The more you speak the more we see how illiterate you are.  Get it will you!  Hillary lost and should be in jail
"Evangelical Christians" could care less about NY seniors, nor any other States seniors. Tax $$$ for their schools & colleges is #1.
Wrong
Here's an idea start drug testing the welfare recipients that should give N.Y.more than enough for seniors
Where were you when over 200,000 of them flat out lost their insurance due to Obamacare? http://menrec.com/obamacare-leaving-hundreds-of-cancer-patients-without-insurance/ …
liar!
Sort of.  Local government will take care of them. Not the federal government. How many are actually legal citizens?  Hmmm.
More fake news go figure
Well sir, time to defend. defend, defend. Wouldnt you say?
Something you never have to be concerned about thanks to the USA taxpayers - pay your own like the  rest of us taxpayers-
but You gave them a lie... the Obamacarelie. U lied to US.. U lied to the nation. Now U must pay politically.
#SteamingPileOfPelosi caused this mess along with the democrats.  Shame on you!!
#WipeYourSchumerAfterYouPelosi
Chucky your spreading Fake News again! You are so dishonest!
What an embarrassment you are to the USA and New York!
Ken, I don't know what you're talking about. I've been fully employed almost all of my adult life. Pay taxes, increasing % my healthcare.
#resist
Chuck Schumer- what did you do when you became aware of it ? Are you working with the Republicans to change it or are you just obstructing?
And what did the infamous Obamacare do for the seniors? Why are illegals getting coverage under Obamacare?
GOOD!
We need to do everything we can to stop Trump's theft of Medicaid!!!!!
Just a horror
What about illegals on Medicaid ?? How much is that costing the American taxpayer and do they add unnecessary strain on resources ??
Yes you may have to wait to get an operation or to see a specialist but there has to be a give and take not a take take take and take take
What is enough?? What about making the healthcare and a college education a non profit system? Other countries have done it for years
How many are legal citizens
http://washingtonfeed.com/leaked-documents-reveal-chuck-schumer-as-most-corrupt-politician-in-history-of-usa.html#.WR8hhhmnoQ8.twitter …
Ridiculous.  So those death panels Palin referred to were the people in her own party.
@SenToomey maybe you should look into how this will effect Pennsylvania seniors
need to save somewhere..Maybe those  rich left Hollywood stars should give half their riches to help.They seem to talk alot time they help
Schumer Lies Again!
Don't be too sure how this plays out until you find out how he plans to blame you and the rest of the Dem party
Here you go again talking Schumer 
Get a job Walmart greeter pays money.
And is ur job 2 make sure they don't!  Do ur job!!!!
Lol! Trump lies more than any human on Earth! He said he will not cut any social programs... His budget cuts more than $800 billion!
So sit down with the Reps and come up with an good alternative to cuts.  Earn your paycheck and pension.
Then that should be 644k votes you don't get. You lied to them over and over.
No you lied again he will have a states to handle the necessary arrangements
So in essence if Trump is willing to cap their care,  he is allowing some people in NY to get ill.
And this is generic. It was 16K a month for 30 pills
Cap=gov controls cost; but leaves individual subject to devastating costs as well as no coverage.
Seniors normally have Medicare..
You suck . An obvious bullshiter obstructionist. This is why you lost and will continue to lose in elections to come.Days of Obama are done.
Perhaps New York should pay for the Healthcare of its citizens.  Not the role of the Federal Government.
Step 1 understand the role of the Fed vs the State Gov't. Step 2 dont be a low info voter
Chuck, we're broke. Mr O spent us into oblivion. Why not support Trump's economic plans including health care and make us prosperous again?
We don't want socialism ,we  a free enterprise based system to assure fair competition forcing out the bad in leaving only the good.
You are so full of it chucky
Apparently that was your goal to to bring a fully government controlled single payer medical structure.
Chuckieeee you had eight years to get it right and as brilliant as you all cleaned it to be and you couldn't get it right.
How about you focus on economy and ppl on Medicaid expansion could get own health ins therefore leaving seniors safe?
My daughter works for Human Services  & if there's wasn't so many illegal immigrants on food stamps the system wouldn't be broken
but, hell, let's tax their Social Security.  #PHONEY
Get rid of Trump! Resist!
How many of them will leave Medicare once they get jobs! That is a very high # why so many?
He submits a budget and congress rearranged it , you agreed to it
and this would not happen if President Trump had Democrats he could work with!!!!
are you serious or is that sarcasm?
