WATCH: Republican Governors blast the Cassidy-Graham healthcare bill 
https://goo.gl/liKUTy  #transparency Je ne crois que çe dans quoi je peux enfoncer mon orteil.
Bipartisan?  Then listen to them Chuck!  They are right!!!  Don't burden taxpayers with anymore disastrous plans
Please support Sen. Sander's Medicare for All bill. Your grassroots groups are waiting and watching, to see what the party stands for.
Lol - sure you will
Support Bernie's Healthcare for All.
He lost. Don't want it
It's not possible in the states. It won't ever happen no matter what you guys say.
Forgot what I said. Lol!
I like Grahams healthcare. It brings it back to the states.
Please slow Senate business down in every possible way until Graham Cassidy can no longer be passed via reconciliation. Thank you.
Haa ha ha ha ha
Great! Why don't you start by co-sponsoring #MedicareForAll Act and fighting to get bipartisan support? Listen to your constituents.
Kasich is a narssisst
Please support Medicare for all!
We didn't vote Republican we voted Trump and to make America great again with those that want to push forward that agenda!
Support Sanders bill.
We don't need socialist run in this country it's bad enough of those dumb liberals
What a shame.  I liked you.  Recently learned you are in bed w lobbyists.  I want ppl that want to work for betterment of my country!
The morons on the other side of the aisle do not quit... they're persistent in their perversity to hurt the working class.
Bi partisan to you Chuck is your way.
Hard to trust u when u send out so much propaganda against GOP.
Get on board to co-sponsor #S1804 #MedicareforAll
Millions of us are standing up.
Believe us- we will win.
Don't be late to history.
They are Rino's and are only looking for the American people to bail out their failing states. Stop sending my tax dollars 2 other states
Thank you @CharlieBakerMA!!!   You are my favorite man from the GOP!!
Bipartisan to me means we all don't get what we want but it is the best we can do for everyone. No one should be left out on healthcare.
That doesn't mean pass everything Schumer.
Dems want gov controlled health care thus more no-fire lifetime gov jobs. GOP wants efficient, innovative, competitive private health care.
Here's an idea! You start supporting #MedicareforAll instead of your private health insurance and Wall Street donors.
Good job!
Can you believe this crap is creating jobs..... in China?
Kaish and baker are really democrats, don't they like you?
Well of course Kaischs not.  He's a dem in disguise.   DUH!
No chuck. You mean you want YOUR way
You shoveled this garbage into America, permanently screwing taxpaying Americans, with ZERO bipartisan effort. No, you had your vote.
Kasich is an opportunist.
The problem Chuck Schumer's you wanted your way or no way get over
Kasich is just a sore loser and a crybaby he will do anything to spite #POTUS.
this article from 1994 puts the entire healthcare fight into perspective. All supporters of reform should read this
Chucky saying to work together?  this idiot is the biggest obstructor in DC.
GOP just looking for a new way to screw over the American people.  All their bills equal the same thing-  the rich get richer, we get zero
If Kasich is against it then it must be good.
We citizens are not for the original bill either. Give up Senate/Congress exemption to ACA .(OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01) CC  @POTUS
You need to demand #Medicare4All not some triangulating bs that maintains health care as a commodity.
I would like to believe you, but there's something about making a deal with the Devil that makes me nervous
Pot meet kettle
Mr Schumer. You are right.  But it can't be for just the poor.  Middle class needs help. The rich need better incentives to hire.
Hey Chuck, where are you to cosponsor @SenSanders’s #MedicareForAll bill? As a constituent I demand you used to support this.
No you want your way or no way. You guys have had your way to long.
do you listen to the GOP or to the #AmericanPeople
Single payer please, please, please. Dems please get behind this as a unit.
Go Chuck!  That's the spirit.
Vote no on Graham Cassidy bill
Hey buddy, how about #MedicareForAll ? 
@SenGillibrand knows what's up.
Work together when its your agenda only? What happened to working together to repeal obamacare?? New plan could have been ready for 2018
agree but no DEAL tonight, do you hear us NO DEAL he is not Legit and needs to go down!
Democrats had the presidency, the house, and the Senate and passed Romneycare. Stop grandstanding
You & the rest of the Dems & Rep RINOS have all acted in obstructionist self-indulgence as if you're elite Americans w/no responsibility
Give us what you get free from us Start from there!
We're not ready for Govenor Kasich
Thanks Senator. @MassGovernor has deep experience in healthcare systems. We will do well to get hos input. Excellent Governor!

If u eliminate all deductions, how will we ever support these progressive industry proposals w/o tax-cut support? https://supratruth.newsvine.com/_tps/_author/profile …
Potus isn't the greatest but why is it so wrong to work together?
I guess you'd better hurry up and co-sponsor Bernie's healthcare bill or get primaried.
Nah Chuckie. You don't like bipartisanship you want it your way. That's over now
I can name plenty of GOP governors who don't care for your ACA
You named two losers...RINO's
Medicare for aal #MFA
KASICH is a disgrace......
They are #rinos ..they don't count
#medicareforall
You didn't when the Muslim was President
By Bipartisan do you mean whatever the Democrats want?
What this country needs is for strong leaders to lead us and liberate healthcare away from both government and greed driven corporations.
Time to join Bernie @SenSanders and put to rest this debate once and for all. Let's join the rest of the industrialized world.
ALL OF YOU!!! FOR THE SAKE OF AMERICA AND NOT YOUR OWN SELF INTEREST!FIGURE IT OUT!! YOU DAMN WHINING CRYBABIES!ACT LIKE LEADERS NOT WIMPS !
If you don't support Bernie, it's TIME FOR YOU TO RETIRE!
Did you ask why the Governors they don't like it or just throwing more partisan garbage against the wall.
No! U need.to turn health insurance back to the free market. Let people buy in groups across state lines.n
Chuck Boy youcannot worktogether with Republicans you're only a genda andthe other Dems are to bring our President down. Goodbye Chucky 2018
Did you totally miss that it it #MedicareForAll Day? Pro tip: ignoring it will not make it go away.
Everybody: We need clean water!
GOP: Drink Soda instead!
Chuck Schumer: Let's sell everyone Soda in a bipartisan way!
Give 'em hell by telling the truth. 
Oh now you're ready for bipartisanship huh?! Cry wolf ever?
Let's get government out of our health care.
No Chuck with all due respect...you need to stop kissing 45s butt..this is a game to him!He is sucking dems into his vortex for his gain
#NoCassidyGrahamBill #NoTrumpCare #NoSkinnyRepeal #NoRepeal #NoReplace #NoDeathSquadSenateBill #SaveACA #SaveAmericanLives
Chuck, I'm not for single payer until we know how it is funded, but the ACA does need some tweaking to speak to coverage issues. #Repair 1/
Why #Replace when only repair is required? You don't get a new car when you only need a fan belt.... right? 2/EOM
When are you going to start clown 
TAX REFORM NOW
They should be for what their constituents WANT... kasich saying he's not for it... who the hell is he? Elected to do the will of the people
Gee ya think!!
Glad we got that figured out!
Now maybe we can figure out how to 
HELP THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!

YOU KNOW THE NON ILLEGAL ALIENS!
You are NEVER GOING TO WORK BIPARTISAN!! You might lose your job!!!
We need Medicare for all NOW! Americans deserve healthcare and 60% are in favor of single payer. C'mon Chuck. Get on the bus
EVERY @GOP member that touts repeal & replace isa racist because they can't stand the fact that a black man done something to help Americans
Chuck - where is the bill they will support? Medicare for all? Bi-partisan? Let's get our ducks in a row here.
Who has ever given a crap what Kasich sez? He is as low on credibility and relevance as you are.
BEWARE The "Be Nice to Chuck & Nancy So That I Have Democrats To Blame When I Don't Fund the Govt in December For My Wall" Trump Play Book.
Why don't you put your money where your mouth is and list the substantive conservative ideas you would support as part of a bipartisan bill.
Publish the bill so we can see 4 ourselves.
Medicare for all
Kasich should be a Democrat!
Democrats are obstructionist they know no buyer partisan
Zzzzzzzz MY NYC HEALTH INSURANCE GOT CANCELED IN 2018 CHUCK. WHAT SHOULD I DO WHATS YOUR PLAN!!??
W/ all due respect, Senator, Republicans were never willing to work with you when they were in the minority.
But that's right.  You don't care about my vote upstate.  Only NYC, where the money is.  You've been bought Chuck, be a man and admit it.
ACA did not work why propose same thing with different name? @GOP
ACA increased ins covrge of about 20M folks. reduced dramatically unfunded hospital care costs to gov. must address cost & market issues
Great idea. Why didn't you 8 years ago? You still trying to be relevant? You are part of the problem Chuck....
How bout Medicare for all?
Forget them.  Support @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill.  Show your leadership, and endorse this bill, Chuck.
Chuck and Nancy better not sell out the democrats !
Too late. They're card carrying members of the communist antifa party now.
REPEAL OBAMACARE IN ITS ENTIRETY was better before govt helped.  With help like that you know who your enimies are.
We don't need bipartisan. You folks want a one payer medicare plan.
You can start by backing @SenSanders's single payer plan.
Wanders plan is assisted suicide plan for Democrats
Why don't you support Medicare for all?
Because it's not possible
Every other rich country on earth has it. Why is it impossible here?
Kasich what does he know his state sucks! Ohio is ranked 6th in the worst state to live in in the u.s  thanks for the laugh @JohnKasich
Chuck!!.....U must keep on this issue,time is running out on 47million usa citizens,..that need affordable Healthcare!!
Good for MA GOP GOV @CharlieBakerMA  #DoTheRightThing
#MedicareForAll
ummmmm... governors don't vote in the house or senate. Find some opinions that matter.
Their opinions matter because governors influence the senators from their states cause they kinda ya know represent the same population
They may have the same constituents. But that doesn't mean that they share the same priorities or agenda.
That's true. Nor does it mean SEN not influenced by governors perception in what benefits same
@GOP @Congress @SenSchumer @Senate @Ohio @Cleveland @GovernorBaker @GovernorKasich Ohio Governor Kasich ARE NOT For This New Bill!
Gov kasich lost big time on a national scene, his opinion is pretty weak and irrelevant
Of course they're against it.

No money in it for their owners... I meant "campaign contributors".
Work together in a bipartisan way to get rid of Obamacare and replace it with a freemarket system!
Cause it was so successful before? Good coverage and cost reduction? HC isn't discretionary purchase which free market addresses well
