Democrats are fighting tooth and nail to protect health care for thousands of miners from expiring: https://nyti.ms/2pBRF7y 
Schumer sleeps at night while the rest of Americans try to figure out how to pay the rent food basic needs we go hungry while they grow fat
While he supports open borders & more welfare sucking illegal aliens & refugee jihadis. U have to wonder who the real enemy to Americans is.



Hey Moe Hey Larry Hey Curly  Nyuk Nyuk Nyuk
Everything is free free healthcare with a $10,000 deductible tell the truth for once $1800 a month with a $10,000 deductible thanks a lot

wow, that's a bit racist, my friend
That's why demonrats supported Hellary who wanted to put coal miners out of work.
The Democratic messages of futility nihilism and out right hatred of anyone trying to make a living for themselves in the coal mines today
Heir Shumer the hatefully alt-left leader of daz sheepenze!
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/855795334169059328 …

Poor little snowflake you haven't seen anything yet our president Donald Trump will have a minimum three nominees on the Supreme Court ha ha 
I
When the truth no longer matters and we let an old man Bernie pervert into the senates American values no longer relevant in Vermont truth

Oh please! Stop with the hypocrisy!!! Shame on you! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @LouDobbs
Dems were going 2 put miners out of business & now worry about their healthcare? This is about saving a shred of BHO's legacy. Hypocrites!
But what about putting them out of business altogether? 
So take away their jobs and leave them with nothing
How about saving their Jobs and Industry ?
Yet, your party tried to shut the mines down. If you like your lie you can keep your lie.
Fake news- Fake Chuck
While you're not trying to destroy their livelihood and families, yes? I'm sure the healthcare will be great while they live under a bridge.
Ha! Good one. Nobody believes you.
@noamscheiber bullshit
Miners retrain. Move on.
Strange how silent u were when BHO vowed to bankrupt the coal industry....And nearly did!
U want to save their care, but put them out of work.  U only care to make them slaves to the govt.  #GarbagePolitics
No sir,you're not.
Hey don't give him so much respect. He doesn't deserve it.  
You don't give a damn about coal miners!!
You mean President trumps fighting for healthcare. Before Obamacare becoming more affordable

Fight to retrain them in 21st century jobs!
@Tommy8668 all the coal miners better go 2 their congressmen then 2 getvit stopped. .town halls or whatever IT WORKS as seen PRESSURE THEM
Dont knock yourself out. They'll thank you by continuing to vote Republican.
You could say the same about mammoth hunters but we don't need them any more.
Too freaking bad you were on such a mission to kill their jobs.
I vote in NY.  So are the republicans, you should not be so divisive, you don't have to be, it is democrats acting bad.
What a joke! As the Dems pass laws to put them out of business, they're now concerned about their healthcare. #hilarious
Dems have been destroying the jobs and lives of those in coal mining for years. Stop lying. You care about scamming votes not miners.
And fight any government legislation that hampers coal workers to put food on their tables! #MAGA
When is Congress going to impeach this madman, our President?  @NancyPelosi
They have to come up with a lame-ass excuse first.
I find it ironic that you Dems were fighting so hard to shut down the coal mining industry B4 the election, but now ur NOT?!?  What gives???
@nytimes this newfound interest in supporting coal miners is curious
After u did all u could 2 destroy their industry & jobs
They most certainly did!!And Obama took away every mining job he could! Dems stabbed them in the back for their hard work!Except for Manchin
That's not what Hillary said during her disastrous campaign.  She said quite the opposite.
They are saving the jobs Obama, the Democrats and Clinton tried to destroy.
We're behind you! Thank you!
They r such hypocrites. Only the mentally ill don't recognize it in themselves.
I don't know why. They'll only credit the Repiglicans. Fox New will tell them some damn fake story & they'll believe it. I wouldn't bother.
They've made their bed, let them sleep in it.
"For every blue-collar Dem we lose in western PA, we'll pick up 2 moderate Republicans in the suburbs of Philadelphia...." Remember, Chuck?
You and Obama placed these coal miner out of work for the fake global warming scam
...But not their jobs though right?
Nail head struck
Give me a break chuck. You Dems didn't even care that they had no job until Trump got elected. Then you woke up
What about their jobs Senator?
Save their health care, but if your policies won't save their jobs, they won't be able to afford their health care. ..
Chuckles this nay be your best one yet
Glad you see it that way thank God Trump saved their jobs
You AH you took their jobs!  DEMOCRAP LIAR AND HYPOCRITE
How about you fight to save their jobs too that u & Obama wanted to end 2 save environment! U breathing in and out creates more destruction!
Saying something is great, but then actually back up your words!
How does that work chuck. Save their healthcare but kill their job. Guess they can line up 4 welfare. u like having that control over people
Maybe they should've put their testosterone in check and NOT vote for trump.
Trying to appleal to more people as you hear up for a run. Nice. Save their jobs too. Create others. NYS a mess
Go rangers.
ironic this. since if Hillary would have one, they wouldn't have jobs and would be receiving unemployment and state aid. This is sucking up
Coal miners voted for Trump and the Republican party. They getting what they voted for. Trump followers are a cult
'Finally. I feel acknowledged and respected' - a coal miner doing his daily check of Democratic Twitter
That's how new jobs are created. Older miners dying
BOTH of my mother's grandfathers were Polish immigrant miners who moved away before their health turned bad.  Good job!
That's how new jobs are created. When the older miners die from lack of healthcare.
Hell with them, they support Trump
Your hilarious Chucky, you won't fight for them to keep their job in the coal industry so you claim you'll fight for their health care. Sad.
You really did your homework on the ahc. act . Not all you did was help pass something no one can afford & still made your fat paycheck
Medicare for all or you retire. @DraftBernie
Oh by the way we remember that you were there when it got passed
You mean the ones Clinton was going to put out of work?  Why didn't you step up then and denounce what she said?
You're against coal for climate change reasons. Right?  Or have you flip flopped? You never fought Obama on coal.  Interesting
How about saving their jobs!!!
What a hipocrite-a true politician whose party in lockstep put thousands of coal miners out of jobs. HIPOCRITE-just more BS-not for the USA
@lizpierce15 @SenateDems Pre existing too bad tRump care doesn't cover this. Had relatives who worked in mines, hard on lungs
Too bad @SenateDems didn't unite in the fight to save Delphi retirees healthcare & PENSIONS. Wait, what? U were united 2 save Delphi unions'
Is Schumer starting to listen to Trump?  Maybe he'll listen on health insurance
.@1choice dems " we are going to put alot of coal minners out of work" Don't be fooled by chuck the clown ! He hates
Save their healthcare after you killed their jobs?    #resignnow
U & UR fearless leader Obama killed off the coal industry!! @POTUS  rescued it from U Goons.
Wow your hypocrisy knows no limit
Yes they do work hard and the Dems tried to put them out of work. Now you're concerned because of healthcare, give me a break!
Hmm singing a different tune now you backed Hillary wanting to put coal miners out of business
How about their JOBS
You mean Obama Care failing someone else. Aren't you against the coal mining industry?
make sure they all know if is the D party saving their bacon.
POTUS would rather them die from black lung disease as long as the CEOs can get their money!
how bout save there jobs
Ahem, where were U last 8 years when BHO was shutting down coal, and U wanted Hillary as POTUS  who promised to shut down coal 2. HYPOCRITE
Wasn't it your party that said we will put coal miners out of work?  You talk out of both sides of your mouth Chuckles.
Coal is a dead. Thousands of potential jobs in clean, cheap, and renewable energies like wind and solar.
Like you REALLY care about the coal miners now!!
@HillaryClinton wanted to put them out of business her words
If you truly are looking out for the American coal Miners, then why would you have allowed OBAMACARE to even pass? 8 yrs of failure is proof
You care for coal miners? While in wash. you've been submitting and passing legislation putting coal miners out of work. You're a liar
...while you and @POTUS44 colluded to destroy their jobs, right, ChuckYou?

#GOP #COAL #MAGA #TCOT
you are horrible leader for our party
Fire Chamberlin!
Chucky you and Hillary didn't like coal miners now you like them you can't have it both ways. Both of you are idots
U r there to save there health care where were u to save there jobs. Nice job chuck.. dont wanna lose those votes again. Nice try!!!
Now this is the way to go.
Please explain there are 49K coal mining jobs total in the US. 69K Retail workers lost their jobs from Jan - April 2017. Coal is DOA.
Trump lied to miners and will continue to lie. Miners need to wake up and smell reality.
looking like the dairy farmers are ready for you to talk to the President! Attention,chuck to the Presidents office!
You were behind Hillary when she said she was shutting them down. Another flip flop. Pandering. You change your mind like youchange clothes
Chuck you are not trying to save anything the left is pathetic.  Dems want coal miners out of work
now you are displaying democratic american values!!  more on economics, jobs, healthcare and infrastructure. less identity politics
Dems forced this mess on all of us. Not one R voted for it. Why should Rs rescue Dems now? As Rev W said "ur chickens comin home to roost"
Funny, I thought you guys wanted to put "a lot of coal workers out of work." Remember?
Why didn't you and the Democrats fight to save their jobs?
The best preventative care for a coal miner is to get the hell out of mining coal. Also green energy is the future, coal is the distant past
That's funny! Didn't Hillary Clinton say she was going to put them out of business? You dems are a dying breed
Please save Obamacare.
Yet united in abolishing their industry? I'm confused.
Dems want to put coal miners on unemployment. Then hopefully they will need welfare and turn out to be new dem voting block. Pitiful schumer
But place such sanctions on them to close the mines and put them out of work. Funny thinking. Then they can use obamacare. #TERMLIMITS

When in the name of duck did you start caring about the miners you wanted to have permanently unemployed
So NOW your fighting FOR something
I'm confused. You and P44 did everything possible to make them unemployed.
Please keep up the fight for healthcare for all!
Now you want to be for the coal miners? You are a little late to the party!!!!
Ur Party was closing down coal mines before the election.Why the 180?U just say what ever U think people want to hear!We don't believe U!
Are you kidding Chucky Your old Boss & you had your feet on their throats, now The real man "Trump" helps them and now you want to be a hero
What a load of laughs after the war on coal miners jobs by Democrats
where is @Sen_JoeManchin on this?
Good thing Hildabeast isn't President. She wanted to put coal miners out of work.
Didn't the Democratic Party want to put coal miners out of work?
This will let them know who really cares about them.
The reason why Trump advocated his "clean coal" bullshit is so coal is traded with the Chinese. This will stop them buying coal from the NK.
Why would DEMS give a crap about coal miners passing regs to shut down the US coal industry. Hypocrites!
Those coal miners likely voted for Trump in overwhelming numbers. You wanted this guy...well you got 'em.
BS
But not their jobs, senate Dem's joined Obama in trying to kill coal jobs.  Can't have it both ways Chuck
LOLOL it's only because of @potus that coal mining still exists! You have done nothing for them you lying Democrat
We will save them. Then they will vote Republican and damn us.
Where were you when Obama and Hillary decided to shut down the coal mines?  You said nothing.   Chuck, this is rank hypocrisy.  Shame!
More Chuckles BS Hard Working coal miners many Union Members with good health insurance and Pensions lost their jobs because of Obama and>
Progressives shutting down the Coal Industry with your lies about Climate ChargeIt's all about control with Progressives
Haha...You do everything you can for the last 8 years to kill their jobs, but hey at least u try to save  their health insurance.
So Single payer universal healthcare like @SenSanders supports? Hire @Ronan4Progress for more info on what universal healthcare means.
Now you praise coal miner but last admin cut there jobs. Why didn't stick up for them instead of grandstanding now?
The Dems want to save their Health Care after they deliberately attempted to shut the industry down.  More lies from the Dems..
Time for #TermLimits chuckie!
If you're Obamacare fiasco is so great, why didn't you and the rest of our leaders vote it for themselves. Instead you excluded it for yall
while the only thing republicans know how to do is roll back regulations that protect the miners and the rest of us!
They saved the industry, fool
@realDonaldTrump Lying Dems supported Obama's destruction of coal industry & Hillary telling coal jobs must go away
Shut the he'll up Schumer. You are against the coal miners in all aspects. Don't come on like you care about us You should tarred& feathered
How funny is that you weren't fighting to save their jobs, stop trying to getting on the band wagon for votes. Too late
Good thing Hil liar y didn't win because the coal miners wouldn't have a job or healthcare.
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump The lying Democrats that ran on putting the coal industry out of business last 8 years
Do something besides being a traitor to the country and call for an independent investigation on Trump/Russia, you will be held accountable.
Why? A sick amount of Repubs didn't even vote for Sandy relief, because only blue states were affected. Miners' employer can't pay for it?
Good plan to start stealing Trump's platform.  Guess it's a case of "if you can't beat em - join em"? I suggest illegal immigration next 
Where were you trying to save the entire industry?
But you didn't help them when Then President Obama killed the industry AND fought against President Trump over it. #Sankeoilschumer
Come on Chuckie, this one is over the top even for you. Poser.
Screw'em
Great but why do senate dems want to get rid of coal miners?
Call out the Republican lie that my life and my health should be decided by profit margins is a good plan
Where were you when Clinton Obama vowed Too CLOSE THEM DOWN?
It's time for Medicare-for-all.  ACA premiums r out of control.  #MedicareForAll
Where were you when obama was decimating their jobs & industry?
UpChuck how about committing to saving the coal miners jobs??
Well at least you acknowledge we "have" coal miners.....it's a start
@nytimes #resist #TrumpColluded #trumprussia
