He doesn't decide Trumps future.
it means there are no Russia ties and that Obama is in trouble not Trump. How about Lukoil Chuckie?
Face the Nation sucks just like CNN MSNBC CBS ABC all of them you guys suck big league
Nobody in their right mind will want democrats in power of us Americans, they are obviously very dangerous, our lives matter!
Who cares what he says.Since when we pay attention to this obstructionist.He is just another Soros puppet. When r u ppl going to wake up 
They will wake up when its too late, which is scary
Today, Schumer and the rest of the Democrats needs to get back to work.. stop sitting around on yer butts doing nothing but complaining!
- go ahead and ask, just don't broadcast. Sick of his obstruction. Terrible for the country.
Might want to look at how it's going to affect @AGLynch 
It means one thing. You DEMOCRATS are LIARS LIARS LIARS. President Trump is INNOCENT
Schumer you mean the guy with the burner phone so he can call Soros and the rest of the Terrorists.
Trumps future is not contingent your ill-informed spat.
#wethepeople know your future and your shipping out 
Vote your #Criminalparty home #wethepeople
Yes fours career is over
It is time for Schumer to retire. He has become a whiny New York liberal who is against the common man.
It means Comey is a proven liar.   Did you miss that part?????
Pathetic, lying a-holes wasting our tax $$ on phony Russia scams !!
please resign now
This same guy who is bed with Soros
You should be upset about corruptions of dem party/HRC as revealed by WikiLeaks but focus instead on Russia. Someone exposed painful truth.
Time to come clean. May be Blackmailed by #DWS #DNC's #AwanBrothers #AwanGate is bigger than #Watergate #NotVeryCronkite #DNCFraudLawsuit
did U see that display of Putinism Trump'scabinet sucking exceptMattis stayed American #VOMIT
We already know..."I do not have confidence in him any longer," Schumer told Bloomberg on Nov. 2.  To reverse course in 8 months? Political!

INSANITY--DOING THE SAME THING OVER & OVER AGAIN EXPECTING DIFFERENT RESULTS! " ALBERT EINSTEIN!" VERY GOOD POINT!!
democrats have shown their true colors of hate, violence,bullies, & VERY corrupt! they have really hurt themselves 4 any kind of power
There is no future. Impeach that fool
it means that Comey is a leaker that leaked to the times.Obama and Lynch obstruction of justice on the email investigation.Future looks good

Its ludicrous how they have stepped way over the line with SERIOUS SERIOUS corruption and they want to hang on to sickening lies of Trump!
@SenSchumer plz don't be like Trump & cherry pick #ComeyTestimony. Lynch's actions separate issue from #Russia but still very important.
@SenSchumer Lynch's actions weren't acceptable & should also be looked at. Her actions also undermine credibility of system just like Trump.
Unacceptable response 2 Lynch ques @SenSchumer. At least @SenFeinstein acknowledged it bothered her. #doublestandards  why I left Dem party.
Dems get Sessions under oath and Trump Mueller didn't give Comey the ok to testify for no reason there's a big reason follow Mueller's lead
@SenSchumer, what kind of POS knows the President isn't under investigation and acts like he is? Corrupt to the core.
Ask Schumer About This!
Ask him to provide details about his ongoing meetings with Alex Soros.
GREAT PIC.....of the top losers in this nation. They care NOTHING about anything except their own self-important power & greed. #DCBehemoth
Yeah   can't imagine what the putz will say
Yet refuses to look into or call the democrats in ? Stop wasting money on a witch hunt. And  honor election results
The only crimes we have are leakers and unmasking ? Yet even after comey state trumo wasn't  under investigation you still hounding .
It's amazing how these individuals stole government properties read classified info,,arrested yet was able to flee the country . Amazing
Debbie wasserman Shultz threatening Capitol police over computers seized in a investigation ,house democrats hired hackers
Too bad chucky didn't invite Obama to testify , party before country ? Fast n furious obstruction report came out last week .
Plugs, as my senator, why don't you go on @seanhannity & @marklevinshow to reduce the ECHO CHAMBER of liberal news stations?
Schumer, Pelosi and Waters need to sit down, shut up, and do something for our country! From a former Dem. now an indep because of them
How about asking about his connection with George Soros.
Will u ask him why he chose to carry on this lie that @POTUS was under Federal Criminal investigation when HE KNEW CLEARLY that he was not!
This was harmful to America, demoralizing, embarrassing, and a sick FAKE STORY he STRONGLY helped spread!
Well, he has the questions and is rehearsing so my bet is he will not see anything wrong with @SenateDems REpublican Cowards will be silent
Great interview! Watched to see you! Too bad about the "sound problems" at the end of your message to McConnell. I hope he got the message.
How can Schumer be so unconcerned about Lynch's behavior? It's troubling. Wants Lynch interviews behind closed doors?
It's time to put the country 1st and stop trying to destroy @realDonaldTrump presidency. What have the @TheDemocrats done the 1st 200 days?

Only thing more frustrating than the GOP corruption and audacity, is the incompetent and impotent leadership of the Dems. Looking at you.
Why listen to what Chuck says. He will tell any lie to obstruct Republicans and advance Dems. No credability. Shameless

Schumer is a hack............PERIOD!!!!
Who cares, Chuck Schumer is a religious bigot, an thats the facts!
Wonder if the very naive R's that voted for the village idiot Trump will ever resort to documented, verifiable facts!
Whenever the naive democRATS resort to documented verefied facts of corruption among their leaders then we will talk
More than half of Americans have common sense; the rest are Democrats!
@FoxNews how about asking Chuck about his meeting with Soros son yesterday to get his narrative for your show
After months of propaganda we find out Trump was never under investigation. Well spent hysteria from fake news media and lying elites!
Yes! He had drinks with George Soros' son Friday to get his script for Sunday.
-@JamesComeyFBI responsible for finding leakers, leaked
-@AGLynch responsible for pursuing indictment, obstructed FBI
 #DNCFraudLawsuit
Why ask him? All he and his colleques do is talk about how superior they think they are.
Perhaps @DNC declined FBI request to examine DNC servers because logs would definitively show if an insider (with access) took data/leaked..
Normal for the AG to meet with the husband of a person under criminal investigation while pressuring FBI director, right?#DNCFraudLawsuit
Why don't you ever talk to republicans???
That's easy - Impeachment!
ASK AWAY. HE HATESTRUMP..SO WE R SURE
U WON'T GET A TRUE ANSWER.
Fire @SenSchumer
Tomorrow, Chuck, ask McConnell to not be involved in any decision-making bc wife is on Cabinet. GOP going to invoke 50-vote rule again-YELL
Ask him why, when he knew Trump wasn't under investigation, he continued to push the lies and false narrative. He doesn't respect the voters
You should be worried about your future. You are a fraud!
What a waste of time, you need to be done with this bs and get to work. Vote DEms out!
who the heck cares what he says!
Ask him about the negative impact his "north shore" route is having on North East Queens as he protects his "gold coast" constituency
Why does it have to relate to Trump's future? You've been harping on this  since election. Get on with life, @johndickerson. Jobs!
Why would Congress believe one word coming out of Jeff Sessions mouth, considering he has already lied to Congress about Russia meetings????
I can tell yo what he will say before watching,
Send in the clowns.
Ask him about his face to face with @georgesoros grandson where they plotted over through of a sitting @POTUS with foreign funds???
Well... I guess it was Soros who paid for all those private flights to TEB. UNBELIEVABLE! And Illegal. Investigate!@TheJusticeDept @tedlieu
Ask Chuck about Comey. FBI Dir Can't remember.dont know mayb he's too soft n his leak.r thse appropriate answers for some 1 in his position.
Hopefully it means he's fucked and we can all in the world sleep for onece since office
Why not ask him why he perpetuated the lie that Trump was under investigation when he knew he wasn't. Schemer is a damn liar and fraud.

Why? 
Aaahhh, can't wait for the sage wisdom of the ever objective Mr schumer. Babble and dribble fictional horse dumplings.
Save you the trouble. @SenSchumer will make up a new crackhead conspiracy & likely shed some tears and tell us how much the Dems r 4 the ppl
The biggest crybaby ever in congress was republican John Boehner. And he smartly quit because he couldn't stand his own party.
FAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWS@NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @cnnbrk @WhiteHouse @seanhannity
Why?
Ask him how comfy he is with going to jail. Bahaha SCHUMER killed the Dems
Pffft comey is sending MSM to hell. Bahaha u guys are losers and SCHUMER sold his soul to SOROS so... poop on him
I can tell you for certainty CHUCKY's response will be false propaganda & more false and misleading statements. If anyone is LYING it's DEMS
Well, I sure hope he has a fair answer.
Schumer doesn’t know. He knows less than Maxine Waters. Ugh. these people spew speculation… no facts.
ALSO SAY THEY ARE NO LONGER ALLOWED TO CLAIM THE FLAG!!! HAVE SOME GUTS FOX NEWS WOULD!!!!!  GET OFF YOUR ASS!!!
YOU NEED TO SAY OUR GOVERNMENT IS COMPROMISED AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL!!!! FOX NEWS WOULD! START CALLING THEM AMERICAN CONFEDERATES!!!
People's are disgusted with the Democratic Party! Pres Trump is getting things done that are important to the Amer Ppl who voted for him!
Ask Schumer why he was willing to risk his political career on a lie that he new was a lie about Russia!
Chuck, some say you talk too much. Tell them DT is also from NY, but the difference is in that you talk truth. He's just a hot-air buffoon.
You got it backwards. Chuck has been BS'ing NY'ers for years and days whatever is politically prudent. Trump is volunteering to fix our USA!
Mr. Skye, I am not even going to entertain your reply, inasmuch as you probably don't LIVE in New York and if you do, you'd know better.
40 years in this city and if you want to blind yourself to the obvious it is your call. Gillibrand is his puppet and NY is taxed beyond
Your a Thorn in the side of the American people you need to stop and stop now or your job is in jeopardy I have more fans than you
You're getting paid and you have accomplished nothing in as my tax dollars that I paying you along with the rest of America get back to work
Enough to know if you can't nullify the vote of the American people from one that's the end of it
Ask crying Chuck how long he knew Trump was Not under investigation?  He is the one lying!  Democrats suck!
Comey lied when Trump doesn't like what he said & he tells the truth when he does. Can't have it both ways!
Trump won the election you will loose your job if you keep up this crap
You need to get off the Presidents Back. Get to work making America great stop this BS enough is enough
Chuck, I will be right there watching it. DT is a f..g bully and he treated Comey like dirt. I hope DT gets sent out of Washington soon.
It means 4 MORE YEARS!
Schumer, McCain, Waters, Pelosi, and the rest of the wacko brigade need to retire...
Will you ask him about Comey's obvious lying. #ProbablyNot
Better to ask him when he's going to come out from behind the podium, roll up his sleeves, suck it up and get to work for NY and America.
Well chuckie boy will claim Pres. Trump is guilty of obstruction, just think the pot calling black. We now know the DEMS lied to America.
He'll be loving yr show. Remember never get between Schumer & a camera. He's the reincarnation of Sen McCarthy. His day will come, big time
Guess I won't be watching the fake news.
Face the Nation. How about Lying to the Nation. You pathetic biased, unAmerican traitors. You did your best to derail Trump. Never forget.
Schumer what the hell happened to the Russian collusion theory. You should return your pay for screwing & lying to your liberal base. WOW
Are u going to ask this creep about his role in the Gonzalez hearing & the amazing resemblance of Comey testimony from 1 hearing to other
BREAKING NEWS: Schumer having a sexual affair with Sen Maxine Walters. CORRECTION: Schumer not having an affair with Maxine. Sound familiar
Ask schumer why Obama & his administration failed to stop Russians or take any action.After all,Dems were in charge Not Donald Trump!
The simple answer is that Obama & co. Sought to create chaos and then make power grabs based upon it. They divided USA more than any other.
Fake the Nation might want to ask Trump supporters. We support Trump   % and you cannot believe Democrats. Collusion + Delusion = Democrat.
Ask him why he lied about DT being under investigation when he was briefed and knew he wasn't..Shameful Liar
It means you have this 
What does the Comey testimony mean to you and the future of the Democratic Party?
Our office pool has Trump out by Christmas.
Good grief Charlie brown.
Tell it like it is Schumer. I live in NYS and you have been excellent for our great state.
I lobr om NY too. Soaromg property taxes, higg cost of living, decaying infrastructure and horrible public schools. What is he doing for us?
Our school system is fine in my city.NYS Income Taxes and sales have remained the same for a lot of years. My property taxes are reasonable.
Why would you ask him anything.
WHY?  DEMOCRAP MEANS LIAR AND HYPOCRITE.
Why not interview the majority leader? Most of us have heard enough from chuck.
It will mean 8 great years of Trump's MAGA presidency.
Why waste your time bc it will be doom and gloom and the world is coming to an end
We dont care what he thinks. You know he thoughts are going be negative and disrespectful towards@POTUS and thats ridiculous.he needs 2 stop
Sen. Schumer I remember not long ago you trying to obstruct justice in Senate hearings, against fast and furious, Libya, irs.
Because Schumer knows? Please. Trump is so far ahead of the Dems, they can't begin to know what his future looks like. But I do, GREATNESS.
Let me help everyone. "It was awful, terrible, we need another witch hunt and we need to waste tax money..."
I'm washed up and out of touch with American but I think I'm still important and relevant--blah blah 
Ask my Senator why he misled his constituents regarding the #Russian investigation. He knew @POTUS was cleared
Because him and all the other democratic leaders are liars. Trump is exposing them for who they really are. They all need to go
Here is Chuck: disturbingconcerningneed further investigationindependent counselobstructiontapesRussia #careerpolitician #hack
Schumer will be negative for sure all he does is bitch and nothing for the people! Do nothing Schumer is how he is known in buffalo area
can't wait to hear what this moron has to say
Spare us the righteous Schumer
Your focus on this fabrication is EXACTLY WHY NO ONE WITH CRITICAL THINKING SKILLS would even consider tuning into your lapdog show.
Put him under oath first!
This should be boring he only cries and complains  & nothing gets done the great obstructor
Sen. Schumer, please be even more honest and much less politically astute.
Break out the fake reading glasses, makeup, ans tears
I'm sure he'll twist it around so that @realDonaldTrump is the epitome of evil and Comey is the hero doing his job
I'm sure he will give a unbiased view.  Why not ask him why multiple counties don't have one insurance provider due to OBC!?
Head clown on Fake News.   Setting my alarm clock

Don't care
What time will it be on? I would like to plan my day and this seems like a great time to pick up dog crap off the lawn.
Why ask him. He wants nothing to destroy Trump
Don't mention illegal immigrants,he might start crying
You should ask his obstructionist ass to resign! Comey is a criminal!!
Yawn... enjoy the NY, CA, & Chic.  tv markets...
Who gives a sh... what Chuck thinks! He is one of the biggest idiots in Washington! Also, FTN is a joke! No collusion and no obstr, move on
look out Schumer ,the action figure Warren is standing there ready to pounce on you ,if you say the wrong thing
Schumer is the perfect one to bash trump
LMFAO!!!    Like chucky will know.   too funny
