The connect to Russia right before our eyes! Who's the 1 SML who could allow chages to the platform? INVESTIGATE!!
Another Photo Op. Who votes for this guy
I agree just like Oregon's Governor their pukes in front of the camera

like a pipeline?
Don't forget @JonOssoff  in #GA06 #FlipThe6th #voteyourossoff
Hey Chucky..... PIPELINE!
Pipelines are infinitely safer than rail
.@1choice need to vote this empty suit out of office
Sending you to the nut farm would definitely make a safer
that's what pipelines are for. Like the one you voted against.
I was going to say something similar. I can't wait for this guy to be gone. Unfortunately he'll be around until his dying breath.
Stop using oil at all. We need an investment in the scale-up of renewable energy as if our lives depend on it. Because they do. #renewables
Can't stop using it until you have  enough available renewables to keep functioning. We are nowhere near that yet.
Build pipelines Chuckie.  Much safer than trains, but you block pipelines.  Not about safety,  just politics
Daa
Let's talk about your being investigated for your role on the attempted coup in Turkey last year!  Interesting stuff!
There needs to be a congressional investigation!
Absolutely!
So hurry up and come up with a bill and budget to solve the issue.
Sen. It's called pipelines.
How long have you been in govt?  Wth have you been doing?   (Rhetorical) obstructing.  #GarbagePolitics
Pipelines are safer than trains
We have to make the need for oil extinct. 
Keep up the great work, Sen. Schumer
please resign now
How about we stop using crude oil?
Democrats should stop all oil shipments & require New York residents 2 buy horse & buggys
no, you need more pipelines!!!
Chuck, take a look at a crude oil and finished product pipeline map of the USA. You will be amazed. Crude oil is 100% natural.
Oh and forget to allow new pipelines up be built stupid.
Or have a pipeline
Y think maybe the idiot liberals not allowing underground pipe lines, safer then by rail and cost 90% less to move
There is no money to fix rails because you Dems pissed all the money on welfare for illegals and corrupt buddies
Looks like trouble down the road:  Report: Sen. Schumer Under Investigation For Alleged Ties To 2016’s Failed Coup In Turkey
How many years have you been there? Probably plenty of time. Just a bunch of mouthing.
Pipelines dude!  They are safer.
Yes chuck, u need 2 make a new law 4 the thousands of oil spills in ny. Oh, that's right, there aren't thousands but I'm sure a Law's coming
also, these trains take over 5 mins to cross. What happens if you need an ambulance or fire truck.?
blah, blah, blah, you have been in DC a million years what have you done?  Talk is cheap.
It's called pipelines Chuckie. Much safer, but y'all don't support them either.
Why don't you try laying across rails, Chuck ???
The pimp does not lose an opportunity. We could safely carry oil & gas using pipelines, but he has stood in the way every time. Fraud
Best way to do that. Is without demoncrats.
Do it. No more lip service. #useless
Or simply install pipelines, I am sure Warren Buffet would agree.
Didn't you vote against #KeystoneXL everytime? #Consequences #WhosPayingYouOff?
Now you care about NYS. LOWER THE TAXES AND GET JOBS THERE. GET RID OF ALL THE CORRUPTION IN GOVERNMENT,
Pipelines?
We should have a pipeline it would be safer. Since Buffet own the RR carting the oil, it should be Buffet's responsibility
Could we ship the oil via pipeline? It's an off the wall idea, I know, but probably safer than rails or trucks...
Nice Chucky, What's your talking point for tomorrow or the next 20 minutes
#TermLimits are in order. Time to go. #draintheswamp Resist is not working. Do you have anything else from #soros?
Why is it that tragedy illuminates the obvious for politicians?
Or you could use a pipeline which, if done correctly, would be more economical and easier to maintain.
that's what pipelines are for,liberal Dems just don't understand how our world works,this isn't the Ameritopia you wish for
For the record, that guy behind you is daydreaming about you getting hit by a train.   
Why don't you Communist Democrats  step up and help get that done instead of standing around bitching about Trump. so immature & childish
Thanks for recognizing the danger that exists and is growing. Most train communities are not ready for derailment accidents.
Too bad Chuckie supported Buffet & blocked the pipeline. Chuckie only cares for Chuckie's pocket! Not the taxpayer
not we the govt, we the free market
LOL you must be looking for a lobbyist
Lets blame environmentalists & Cuomo for this problem for not allowing added pipelines.Wonder if Green Energy industry is donating $ to Dems
No we need pipelines Chuck U.  They are safer than rail or truck.
go chuck

#nyc
wish the picture showed the derailment rather than your face. We get it, your a busy guy around the state looking out for us. Another photo
Didn't BHO U & other Dem. senators promise to do that pst 8 years? Where did the $$ appropriated for such improvements go?
Or maybe build a pipeline that can handle transportation of crude oil safely? How long has NY known of unsafe rail systems?

Let me guess, you're going to start advocating for a pipeline now.
Why don't you jump in front of one of those trains. That will be the biggest help for America and New York



jump in

Pipelines are much safer. But that wouldn't play into your treehugger base would it?
Safer rails is your answer? Sad.
So your trigger for safe rails is crude oil, not passengers who have died or injured. Typical liberal socialist, concerns only political.
Want to make the rails safer? Keep Schmucky the hell away from them!!!
Hey Chuck...allow pipelines. .they are much safer. Kinda like the keystone.
Perhaps more pipelines are a great idea?
How's that #TrumpRussiaInvestigation going? #Trumpleaks
Yes, it's called pipelines!  Sorry about you and your buddies income loss from Soros/Buffett rails and trucks, but pipelines are happening!
Name ONE thing you are doing to "Help" that doesn't involve taking money from people who won't vote for you and giving it to people who will
ypu had 8 years Chuckie. Im sure if you cry it will get done.
why does my bill now inlcude a $4 subsidy for failing upstate nuclear plants? how much of your $4B green plan coming directly from my wallet
How about pipelines? Just stupid
This is the @SenSchumer I used to know who focused on issues we care about
Keep it up
Or we have to stop the dated process of using railways to transport oil #DAPL #KeystoneXL
So now you advocate for pipelines???
Pipeline!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Never trust a politician with hair plugs.
You realize that Trump's failed hair plug surgery led to his rape of Ivana, right?
what a cop out

How about pipe lines .  Duh
Partisan Chuckie, pipelines are MUCH safer, cheaper & environmentally make sense, your buddy Cuomo is not allowing new pipelines. Why?
Cuomo  needs to go to save ALL the people of Ny  just raise the tax's higher and spend every Dime trying to make himself look great!
Too busy funding Planned Parenthood, LGBT issues, entitlement programs for those who don't want to work. Wake up
Good work on that, Chuck.  Is the DNC going to support Rob Quist in Montana, or let the GOP have that seat too?
ChuckSCHUMER YOU WERE IN POWER FOR 8 YEARS! WHY DEMOCRATS DID NOT FIX THESE PROBLEMS?  WERE YOU UNCAPABLE? YES!
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
Safer rails, yes! But we need to look to the future and alternative energy sources.
Rail is already safe. Pipelines are safer, but you oppose them. But nobody's ever confused you with an intelligent person, so there's that.
Sounds like you're getting railroad lobbyists $$$ in your office.
Safer still, and renewable: Solar, Wind, Tidal, Geo-Thermal, Even Nuclear (done properly).
Nuclear is what we need to focus on with how they are built today with US regulatory standards they are perfectly safe.
Aw Chuckie, the little democrat that could.
Chuck, the answer is a pipeline. Now stop tweeting and do something constructive like cut the wasteful spending!
Yeah pipelines who spread more damage during construction and then when they break! Smart!
Lol what? Try writing that again using proper sentences. Pipelines are far safer then ALL other methods of transportation.
Hey Chuck, Where is #Soros and his fake supporters to cheer for you? #Tatiana
He forgot to send them... or maybe they were all in #Berkeley and needed some rest 
