HAAAAHAAA!! That is such an important thing to investigate! What a joke the obstructionist Lil Chuckie Lies a Lot is!
Correction.... #ChuckSchumer
Schumer shld investigate Y 62,000 people died frm opioid addiction?  Y drug indtry isn't responsible 4 distributing controlled substances?
Looks like Schumer wants more political contributions from the chemical industry.
Why cant tou put that kind of effort into healthcare you big bozo #bozos
Schumer wants the government to do the job of parents. Typical lib-dem position
There ya go, let's throw another ton of $$ on something to distract from the fact that you are useless!
Overdose deaths in U.S; 1999-4K, 2010-16K & 2016-62,000?  2016 numbers up 19% over 2015.  Drug Industry knew it & pushed it.  Punish 330B
I NOTICED THE DEMS ONLY PASS BILLS THAT EFFECT & CAUSE PAIN ON THE US CITIZEN NONE THAT HELP THE US CITIZEN. SOMEONE PLEASE GET RID OF HIM
#draintheswamp!
Like theres not more important issues, like halal meet letting a cow bleed out
Shouldn't have to worry about "halal " meat !!!
WHAT?No wonder I'm still suffering under OCare with my tripled premiums over last 3 years $6500 deductible!Clearly this is more important!
Change your insurer.
Aetna and Humana both pulled out of GA markets and canceled my policy!! You can't get insurance if there are no insurers left!
That sucks and it shows that these insurers don't care. dang sorry to hear. I hope things work out for you.
He is such a slimy ambulance chaser, vote out Chuck
Healthcare & Education Reconciliation Act, Schumer says, let's give Dr's their full fee? Student loans, let's give banks incentives 2 loan?
Punish Drug Industry for raking in obscene profits, while opioid epidemic soars.  They knew from sales spike, epidemic was reality.  PUNISH!
Oh cool, good old Chuck with the government expansion again.
????  people should eat and drink what they choose to.  What happened to democracy and freedom of choice????
Maybe it's better he's focused on this instead of helping destroy jobs , security, and health care market as he usually is
Will you include Fast And Furious?
All business can't stop just because of the idiot that was elected in November!
Schumer takes on fast food, while Drug Industry kills 62,000 Americans?  This is  diversion.  Drug Industry owns congress & Shumer is worst
Y doesn't FDA investigate Drug advertisements that run non-stop?  Drugs whose side effects are far worse than affliction!  Drug Co's $ rules
Chucky got another diversionary cause. Why doesn't he commit to MAGA & join OUR Pres. in doing what's best for America? Screw the packaging!
Yeah ignore drug pricing and approving generics and focus on fast food packaging! Chuckie is an idiot!
Why doesn't he put this much enthusiasm into the Obama care mess?
How about the Dems investigations?
Schumer get out of the way of progress&stop being an obstructionist.U are not 4 the people U are just against anything Republicans propose.
the containers are the least of the problem. This food is full of fat, soy, high fructose, sodium massive calories.
Finally something intelligent from you.  Need to have FDA stop all food companies from using cancer causing chemicals as preservatives
Just another attempt to screw over another company, Anything for a buck, huh Chuck. How much are you being paid to bend this industry over?
Thank you. We need our elected officials to focus more on ensuring basic needs are met, like safe food and drinking water.
OMG what rock did you just crawl out from under?
Instead, why don't you do something about crime?
Schumer will obstruct everything he can in congress, but thinks it is more important to investigate food packaging. Please retire goon
I can tell you what...a soda in a glass and burger with no wrapper just isn't gonna cut it
There must be a Russian connection here somewhere.
He thinks they are being used to transmit secret messages from Russia!
And fuck the children of those that have jobs and would like them to be productive members of a free society. What a fraud.
Chucky with the major issues facing our nation, really!!!!
How about an investigation as to why food processed 2000x is cheaper than actual real food.
Schumer probably took money from the fast food lobbyists and forgot ! And isn't Healthcare more important than what a burger is wrapped in ?
packaging of fast food has been the same for many years and NOW you feel it is important to have FDA investigate? R U running for something
More regulations to increase costs! Dems can't stop themselves from killing business that kills jobs
Man that burger looks good
Get rid of the FDA
Just reformat it. It's a necessary evil....just needs to be tweaked a bit! At the hand of #POTUS
We have bigger fish to fry.
Hey Chucky, what about those fancy restaurants using the same packages for take home? NYC lives on take home. Bring your own tupperware?
Spoiler Alert: The stuff inside the packaging is even worse.
What???
Don't you all just love when your plastic or styrofoam packaging melts because of the hot food?
THIS is what you want investigated?????!!!!!! Try the Awan brothers. Either you treat this seriously or you go down with them.
#MAGA
Fast food packaging?  Are you kidding me!?  The Pres is looking to start a war with NK and your worried about fast food packaging?!!!
Oh No the Russians did it.
To answer questions like: why is wax paper is healthier and more nutritious than a big mac?
Just another wasteful distraction
Thanks Senator.  Protecting BigMac munching Trump voters is still the right thing to do.
We want him investigated for collusion in helping Hillary cheat Bernie will we get it?
Are we surprised? What else do you clowns have to do?
When your done, how about investigating the whole FDA and the specialist from the meat and dairy industries that populate the entire agency
What does he want,holes in the bottom of the bag so he can tell kids to put the bag in their lap? Its the reason he is obsessed with muslims
Do something that actually matters Mr.Schumer! i.e. HEALTHCARE, TAX REFORM AND CONFIRM @realDonaldTrump NOMINEES!
STOP OBSTRUCTING CHUCK
Are you serious? #WTFChuck
Just keep causing trouble for everyone!This alone proves u are insane!If your eating fast food every day you deserve to have health problems
How abt we just stop eating this shit food, which wld certainly put a dent in lot of issues like poor health, obesity, plastic litter, etc..
What if kale was packaged using it?   It doesn't have to be just fast food
Good point, Jerry... just saw the fast food pic and went with my first reaction. Still would love to see ppl quit eating that shit food tho!
Absolutely.  Protecting Big Mac munching Trump voters from themselves is the noble thing to do. :)
Hmmmm... on second thought 

LOL, I kid! 
Unless McDonalds packages Big Macs in human skin, there are bigger issues in Washington these days that I'm worried about.
@SenSchumer Millions of people screwed by you & failure to fix Obamacare!Yet you demand this! Can't afford healthcare but do this

