Senator Schumer, this could not be said better. You will always have my vote.
Bullshit
Why are the @GOP & @realDonaldTrump deporting 800k because 4Million jobs are "lost"?
#ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #Resist
Did you speak up when Clinton did this?
Doesn't matter now, that is in the past. Come bacK to the present @HoustonSinner 
#TheResistance #Resist
That's what democrats want you to do! Forget their KKK creating,Jim Crow law making,Racist ass past!Wanted the Exact same thing under Bill!
DACA is nothing more than unconstitutional hypocrisy Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 denotes the enumerated powers legislative branch
How many are taking our resources and not contributing???
Who do u work for illegals or America citizens
About .1% serve in he military, what about the other 99.9% Chuckie?
2008-10 Dems controlled both houses & WH, promised immi law!, did nothing!
Now blame POTUS!
Usual swampy ways in DC!
And take our jobs. We need to make sure voters know that a 'Better Way' doesn't necessarily have anything to do with American citizens.
Please #savetps #Daca
Chuckie are with that stupid if you're in the military already and you're a dreamer Trump said already free pass so don't use the military
Chuck I'm telling you once more they are not Americans they are not our problem they don't belong here send them packing they not American
#BuildtheDamnWall #NoDACA #NoAmnesty #FastTrack #LegalImmigration #Assimilate
send message to ur representative/congressman, to pass the law & stop playing u for fools in their political games!
Good!
So the laws of our Country do not apply? I'm a legal immigrant.
You can't make people legal under an illegal law! Trump did the right thing. The ball's in your court. Get busy!
So work across the aisle to make a law to protect them dammit!
No, their future is to leave our country and apply legally to return should they so desire.
Agreed!! Democrats just want their votes to continue their corruption!
Ok Chuck, make them citizens!
no way in hell
Are they paying taxes like the rest of us?
Yes and dying in wars and saving people from floods in Texas.  they have been here the majority of their life this is their HOME
Then I hope all have applied for citizenship as well
- Senator would you care to comment on this video? Why the flip flop?

https://youtu.be/MOUGPqtxZSc 
Schumer is another lying Senator to the American people AND illegals.  #DACA
It was my understanding that the existing program is ending be replaced with a new program who is lying here ?
So!! They are here illegally/ abuse our entitlement programs paid by taxpayer dollars/ send them home
what about American kids they vote too
PLEASE GET A CLUE!
Worry about people in path of Irma sir
Get on it Chuck. That's your job.
ALL 800K WORK, GO TO SCHOOL, OR SERVE IN THE MILITARY.  LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES --- FAKE NEWS FROM FAKE THE FAKE HAIRLINE SENATOR
Sir are there any other laws of our country you are in favor of ignoring
Trump swore to uphold the law.  Go tht ought the process
Just cut the Obama bull shit Chuckie, Get the job done, Pres. gave you 6 mos. You should have done this yrs ago. DON'T BLAME THE PRES.
Those DREAMers' future was in doubt minute BHO used unconstitutional exec order to muck things up in the 1st place.
Democrats created this problem/. Obama said 2011 what he did was illegal & unconstitutional/ democrats had 8years to fix/ choose to do zip
Nancy & Chuck have been lawmakers 30/18 yrs. U could have called illegals out of the dark; helped w/$ to apply. Be creative/Trump will helpU
It would be really nice (as well as your JOB) to defend NY tax payers the way you do illegals .
Maybe they should have though of that BEFORE thney came her illegally!
It also throws our future as America into doubt.
Don't believe in the law? 44 had no authority for the executive order.  Would hate to play golf with you. Probably follow some rules not all
No one wants to deport anyone.  They want to fix it.  Join forces already stop the pettiness.

@realDonaldTrump lies n more lies! 800k dreamers had 100k+ babies! That's close to 1 mil on free stuff! Most protested! Working?
But @SenSchumer that's not what you thought at Georgetown. Click on link.
So here is your chance to fix it.  Shut up and get to work.
Ya think? Deporting children. to a country they know nothing about, would definitely qualify as an uncertain future. Don't repeal DACA


senator, what other laws do you think should be flagrantly broken? #TermLimits
So why didnt YOU AND YOUR COLLEAGUES make it a law?
Mr Shumer ,refer to 2009 immigration reform platform.then two more words elian Gonzalez.
Liar we have had then in the 8 year citizenship program that has been available for decades.
Explain the flip flop Chucky!!
Only in your mind and liberals
Why didn't the Dems pass immigration reform when you had a super majority under @BarackObama? No one to blame, but yourself.
If my father gave me money that he stole, can I keep it? After all, I was innocent like these 'dreamers.' 
BTW, how many live in your hse?
It's your fault if you don't get immigration laws passed and protect them!!!
Yup and now they need to go back to Mexico and work in their country and go to their schools. Get real Chucky.
Wake up
They work  for lower wages; they go to school free of charge paid by taxpayers; & who thinks its a good idea to admit illegals as soldiers?
Your comments are ludicrous! Do you job and fix it
Dreamers.  How about anerican citizens.  They pay your salary
and dont forget more opportunity for AMERICANS, or have you forgot who really elected you?
I guess you're going have to suck it up and get your butt to work buddy. You represent the people not vice versa.
They wanted benefits you don't even give vets, elderly. They worked all their life and are paying for the dreamers. Obama did this illegally
Finally you are sounding reasonable.
Not supposed to be...
Agreed but why weren't you doing your job when their parents laughed at us and our laws - Pathetic


It also throws r future into doubt. Not only morally but financially. The argument they cost us  is false they r contributors. Brainwashed
87% of immigrants living in CA are on welfare. You think they don't cost taxpayers? Do YOU pay taxes?
Why aren't you mad at Obama for his presidential overreach? He created this mess. Now it's up to you to fix it Chucky
Will they swear loyalty to USA? Then why when the protest I see all those Mexican flags
Old Chuckie boy you have 6 months to come up with a solution so get off your butts stop pointing fingers and do your job
800,000 people came from nowhere to be in companies, go to our schools with federal funds & serve in our military with security clearance?
If their parents respected US law, there'd be no issue.
Evidently our Congress doesn't respect US laws
A few do but lots commit lots of crimes and kill US boys and girls
Your tweet literally shows everything wrong with daca
1.And take those jobs from Americans and legal immigrants

2. Illegals mooching off taxpayer funded schools is BAD

This is why daca is bad
3. They do not serve in the military, that is a downright lie
Your party is so Evil and Vindictive! You knew That if the next President was Republican he would get stuck with this Heartbreaking decision
Illegals are still illegals with no respect for this country. You, Mr. Schumer, are overwhelmed with hate for our LEGAL President.
I agree but you, Pelosi should have thought about that when Obama went against the CONSTITUTION to feel like a "KING" remember!!

Many of these Dreamers also served valiantly in the USA Military and died protecting the freedoms of ALL AMERICANS. #DefendDACA 
And ours too. Someone's got to pay for the loss in tax,loans and job production Pres. didn't think it thru
Congress needs to fix the situation before DJT issues an executive order.
Illegals are illegal. You do your job Senator to provide that path for them to become Citizens.  Do your job, that's what YOU get paid 4
Then why didn't the Congress get off their collective Dead ASSES and enact the laws needed. You were too busy feathering Ur own pockets.
They r ILLEGAL u & obama broke the law to keep them here U care only 4 their vote U gave them my ss money w/o my approval U MUST GO w/them
Obama's illegal executive order threw thei future inti doubt.  The rule of law is very clear. They and their parents go home. No reward.
Then fix it Chuck. This is your opportunity to actually do something besides point fingers and obstruct.  You can actually be a hero-try it!
Well your future I'm the Senate is very doubtful too
Yeah yeah we know. Since you seem so concerned about this, why didn't you do something about it when Pres Obama was in office?
What about American people future they have dreams. Or don't you care
You make it sound like these are children but they are really working adults
Time to stop being subtle and measured and nice.  This is a bar fight for Democracy and millions of lives.  Time to stand up and #Impeach45
Right - IMPEACH CONGRESS.
how can they serve in the military if they are illegal immigrant - even w DACA  Did they lie about their status??
The military allows them to serve one term but have to become citizens to continue.
UR leadership, pass a bill!
So pass them out legal forms to become legal. Give them six months
Then do your job with Congress Chuck! 

It's time to put up or shut up Chuck!!
And they collect welfare
Breaking the law threw their future into doubt!
So create a path 2 citizenship for them. They are illegal residents. Make it easier. Stop focusing on fighting the other side all of the tim
Believe it will leave very no doubt for 2018 & 2020 electiond. Congress must represent or home they will be sent!
The ones that serve in our military should get citizenship all of the rest of them need to go and get in line and do it legally
How in hell were these people, with their citizenship in question, allowed in military? DACA did not guarantee US citizenship.
So why didn't you work on it long before Obama signed the EO? Suddenly you're unhinged with this rhetoric on concern. Deflecting blame. Sad.
Mr Schumer. Not even a talking point. Pass legislation that makes since for these individuals. Wow, quit talking and get it done.
So,  come up with a resolution that is legal. @realDonaldTrump , has given you 6 months,  you now have 178 days.  Do your freaking job.
I think your future in office is in doubt Schumer!!!!
Charlie, U keep harping on this subject. We don't want talk...we want action. Put up or shut up. Tired of the noise.
Works for me.
Doesn't that mean they're illegal aliens taking our jobs from citizens
They broke the law.
Don't believe you.

That's 800k too many! Those jobs are being taken away from hard working Americans! Some illegals are even teaching our children!?? Why!?
How are they teachers and engineers? They are illegal Aliens?our lawlessness and their parents are responsible.24 years and no reform.
Only ones who can throw Dreams future in doubt is your congress
But you said this https://twitter.com/DropThe_Mic/status/904861070690586624/video/1 …   It's on congress now to propose something reasonable .. take the emotion out of this !!
Their parents threw their futures into doubt when they broke our laws to come here illegally.
FAKE Compassion, If you had really cared, you would had done your job & passed a law to fix the problem. This is just more fake tears.
Stop tweeting and start legislating, dope
Yes I can feel their pain, now that Congress is responsible for their future. They too will now lose all hope due 2 legislative shortcomings
Also I remember YOU being against it. Have video proof of you discussing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j04JRICCYDA … The two faces of Schumer when it comes to undocumented residents.
How do they do this stuff they are not citizens. Crooked democrats only want the illegal votes from these deadbeats.
800k illegals are working illegally in our companies, going to our schools costing the tax payers millions per year.  42% are uneducated
Only if congress can't find a solution. He fate of the DACA dreamers is in your hands.
Their future should never be in doubt, they're here illegally. Enforce the law!
...how in the hell did an illegal immigrant join our military ?...or get a scholarship for school, or work without a SS card ?

#Chuckles agree 2funding 2 secure the border. Plug hole in boat b4 u start bailing water. No more illegal entries, nothing 2fight abt
Should be no doubt quit being here illegally, go home
Congress has 6 months to do something legally about it. Trump has said no action during those 6 months. Trump doesn't make law,Congress does
Funny how Sen Schumer doesn't acknowledge these simple facts. No respect for you @SenSchumer as you know this is the hands of Congress
How long do we have to support them? Stop the BS get it done. Let's get them on the road to citizenship Let's put a time limit to achieve it
Why hasn't a plan be made to get them on the path to citizenship? What are your plans for that? Instead of bashing trump work with him
Why haven't they made moves to become citizens??.
yes that was a mistake of your boss Obama -mitake cannot be contnd
They are here ILLEGALLY. Follow the law chuckie
You should be happy to speak for the people and get a bill passed, stop whining like a BIG BABY, do your job! It's called WORK!
It is Congress job to create such laws. Get busy Chucky
Your worried about the illegals future but don't give a dam about the American citizens that your supposed to represent.  your disgusting
It was as illegal 8 years ago as it is now . So why continue supporting illegals? Grow up and see what you and yours have done to the US! 
How did 15M Dreamers become 800K?  Dems R deceiving taxpayers about the magnitude of this problem.  Actually, 36M (known) illegals.  ENOUGH!
You need to tell the whole truth. Nothing will happen until congress gets it head out of its ass and works for America.
There are plenty of Americans poised to take those jobs.  How does Dem party survive when their only constitutes are illegal?  Voter fraud!
It all coming back, History repeats Germans tried to hide Jews from Hitler now Americans have to hide DACA recipients from Trump....
DACA IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL YOUR BUDDY OBAMA FAULT BLAME HIM, YOUR IN CONGRESS DO YOUR F JOB
@BarackObama was WAY out of line creating DACA without authority.  It's all his fault for setting false (and illegal) expectations.
Exit country and re-enter legally, passport etc, just like the countries they came from make US citizen do when we enter that country.
You just don't understand the situation here. They would have to wait 10 YEARS to do that. Many of these folks have families.
If they started the process in 2012 when DACA was launched they'd be closer, don't trust the government.
They can't apply for citizenship, because DACA doesn't allow for it. They don't have permanent legal status. That's part of the issue here.
Go back to your country and do it THE RIGHT WAY.
They put doubt in their future when they/parents crossed illegally
Then just follow the rules that are already on the books. What's so hard to understand?
What about the future of American kids.
Do something about it. Make it law. These people are depending on good people like you. Also, FDT and that ridiculous wall.
You forgot to mention F you too.
Make up your mind!!!  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) is either children, or adults.  Pick a meme, then make a REAL law of it!
Under DACA, they can get a work authorization that they have to re-apply for every 2 years, and pay a $500 fee. Very strict requirements.
Our companies that #Democrat & RINO #Republicans have let flee from the USA, like illegal aliens leaving their hm countries!!
And not to mention Canada has offered them an invitation they are welcoming Dreamers. Doesn't say much for the USA.
Would they welcome them if they had no papers as illegals?
Violating the law does have penalties. Or should we ignore that to prop up Dem vote tallies?
Without Doc's how are these people able to enter any US Schools, Military; obtain DL's, Social Security #'s; receive Federal subsidized Aid
Sue your brains for non support chuckie
Chuck, you're full of crap
You can count on @TheDemocrats to be loyal, to their own best interests! They're morally & ethically bankrupt! #DACA 
Chucky your state is a pile of ____
Then don't end #DACA. Get off your lazy ass and don't let that happen, pass a law. What the hell's a matter with you! Help #MAGA not resist
Taking jobs and desks from Americans and LEGAL immigrants who I'm sure have dreams too!
Nasty Rep. Steve King R-Iowa wants Dreamers to "hide in the shadows". His hatred is incredible.
just fix it, what up with all this bullshit tweet, you know & we know Congress fault stop talking & fix it, otherwise trump
The 800K Dreamers are victims of the parents choice to break the law. Not the POTUS who is just doing what he swore to do-Enforce the law!
Our legal citizens and Vets first
All you care about is their vote.  Stop with the sob story.
Their future belongs in their home country where they remain citizens and are desperately needed.  Their parents are guilty, not us.
What about the 800K #UScitizens that DON'T have those jobs?
Obamacare put a bigger cloud on our future and yet you do nothing about it. We will remember!
Please craft legislation NOW giving them a path to citizenship. That should be a priority.
Do you job! If they aren't legal they got to go! Put a legal in their place!!
They aren't taking the place of any "legales". They contribute to society & this is the only country most of them have ever known. You go!
Then how bout they become legal?
