Schmuck, Dreamers ARE ILLEGAL! Even Obama said it was illegal, but did DACA anyway. What other laws can we break without consequences?
Let's see... Emoluments clause, collusion with adversarial foreign powers, tax laws, trading with countries under US sanctions...
Laws against incitement of violence, laws against sexual harassment...
Wow, stop drinking the koolaid! You so far under you'll never realize the truth when you see it.

She gave you a list that I understood perfectly.  Laws broken.  Here's more:
Do u actually believe all that crap? If he breaks a law, not only Dems, but many GOP would be all over it. What happened w Russia collusion?
Russia Collusion investigation is still on. Before you start screaming that it's been 6 months...let me remind you that Watergate took years
When was the last thing they did anything that benefitted people?
Wow if only you & the rest of congress had a sense of urgency when it came to healthcare, taxes &anything else that will benefit US citizens
Aren't we all Dreamers? That's what bring an American means, doesn't it? That you dare to dream of opportunity and a better life?
Why don't you worry about those of us who can't afford healthcare and tax reform. Do your job and work with the President. Americans first
Yeah to PROTECT And SERVE who forgot -- CONGRESS.
#DREAMERS #SaveDACA #WeAreOne
If "immediately"makes it fail then don't do it. Talk to the Republicans, make sure they are on board.
Yes & free health care! Support Medicare for All!
DACA is another failed Democrat policy that is blaming Republicans now! Time to stand up and vote these Dems and their failed policies out!
Obligation? On a deferred deportation? Please explain.
Agree. What about Medicare for all proposal?
And yet, you stay remarkably silent on protecting US citizens.  
#MedicareForAll
Do your job get to work Congress
Exactly
we can't be a welfare program for the world some of us work for a living
I'd recommend voting on it ALA it requires verifying immigratn status of every Dreamer PARENT. Amnesties guarantee more lawbreaking.
Why not let us see what their hearts have to say
Please before the justice maga roundup!

Giving them a FREE education & FREE housing & FREE food & FREE money to spend aint good enough FFS send them home before they bleed us dry !
Congress has the ability & obligation to #ProtectAmericans not CRIMINAL ILLEGALS. If you support ILLEGALS you are an accessory to the fact.
Congress should not have immunity from prosecution for patently illegal and unconstitutional acts like DACA.
Mexico needs DACA program if it's so good !How come they don't have a DACA program in Mexico ? Their a drug rich country they can afford it
Congress has the obligation to its citizens first ! Chuck Schumer not to Mexico ! DACA is ripping America off ! Why don't Mexico have DACA !
That's it DACA ! is a new way to smuggle drugs in America no wonder that Moron Fox is upset ! He doesn't want to lose another drug pipe line
America has real problems Mexico can take care of its own ! DACA is just another program , to sell out America ! Is DACA drug smuggling ?
I would just require that we not spend a dime of American money on non-americans :-)
America has no obligations to anyone if DACA is so great how come Mexico doesn't adopt the program ? Why should America take in anyone !
Watch how they vote or they will be unemployed next election.  Send them back to their home country to help rebuild the world.

Typical of Dems. Splitting families apart instead of sending them back to their parents. Heartless!
@GOPLeader Thanks majesty for you're commitment to employ advocates for the voiceless people

CHUCK SCHUMER

Says ending #DACA is heartless…
Then draft a bill to become law and quit whinny. They are breaking law until law is changed. Make sense??
@GOPLeader Am crying to rescue me through employment as Secretary of Homeland Security
but I can't serve without a temporary mission reasons as why I thought serving Italy or UK
could serve and in return willl deliver remarkable
@JohnCornyn Am committed to protect law and order of citizens as the basis of our survival
through intelligence gathering,  grinding and dissemination , we can achieve alot
Don't let that man (djt) scam you and Pelosi. U know he renigs on deals all the time! #Scam
@SenSchumer was right in 2009 at Georgetown. Go back and listen to yourself.
bitch mcconnell & @SpeakerRyan do NOT have the GUTS to do it.
Deport Chuck Schumer and we'll let the dreamers stay.
How can I read the details of the Dream Act? Senate Bill number? House Bill number?
Actually You and the rest have an Obligation to look out for a legal Americans! When is that going to happen?
Thought you weak kneed libs didn't like Trump's DACA decision! What's going on cry baby schum?
Yes they do but the are incompetent fools on the wrong side of history.
Congress has a duty to protect and WORK for American Citizens. Dreamers=illegals have no rights in the US and no protection. Period.
Congress took an oath to uphold the constitution the constitution. They are violating it by not impeaching the corrupt president. Why?
Remember when you weren't sold out Check out @ms_erika74’s Tweet:
You can count on @TheDemocrats to be loyal, to their own best interests! They're morally & ethically bankrupt! #DACA 
Don't sell out cause @realDonaldTrump agreed with u 1 time that's s snake  bearing a gift (of venom)
Citizens will rid our Congress of Muslims and Satan worshipers. You think we are weak and don't know. Guess again!
No we don't!!!!!!!!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=505896853077916&id=227505360917068 …
https://twitter.com/rodstryker/status/905663456841408513 …
I agree, but they won't. Trump's personal identity rests with undoing anything and everything Obama, no matter the cost. Good luck anyways.

Vote them in! Give them Citizenship not Work Permits. Got to get Congress off their ass and make them Citizens. Citizenship NOT Work Permits
Yes you do...and yet you continue to do nothing
No we do not have an obligation. Their parents had an obligation not to break the law and put the burden on others. Send them out.
How about looking downfield, not playing into hands of Potus 2divide GOP, & returning to regular order to defeat Trump on this an all else?
Thank you #ChuckAndNancy for your leadership skills today in arriving at a quick and dramatic deal with @realDonaldTrump.#DemocratsUnite
You feckers have no obligation to none citizens. You're protecting your corporate kickbacks and bribes. 
@SenSchumer
Come on Democrats... make it so, make it happen, put your money where your mouths are... talk talk talk!
Yes! "Immediately" is essential.  Legion of issues about myriad detrimental moves by administration, this indefensibly is one of the worst.
If Trump didn't intervene, Courts wood have struck down DACA today & Dreamers wood have to leave now,got 6 months for Congress to pass law
Congress has no such obligation. Congresses obligation is to the American citizen.
And the AMERICAN MAJORITY WANT DACA ETC!!! Deal w/it!
Kind of like those polls showing Hillary in a blowout over @realDonaldTrump .....smh.
You didn't feel this way when YOUR Pres.Obama not Congress authorized the program.  Stop Pity Parties.
Remember when Chuck was sane, and not having his strings pulled ... disgusting how he and the rest of u sell out...https://youtu.be/MOUGPqtxZSc 
Hey chuck. Are you forgetting what you said in 2009?  https://www.facebook.com/mrctv/videos/1620022331354142/ …
So many Bots tonight...
CONGRESS has the DUTY to insure that Our Laws and CONSTITUTION Be RESPECTED!!
No stupid, they don't have an obligation to the dreamers. That was that loser obumma and you dems idea of dissing Americans.
Can we add the wall also. We have to protect our borders so no one like Obama can do this again.
Listen close Democrat peeps...this is The real Schumer https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=a8z2L42qedM …  @SenateGOP @GOP @realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP
Thanks Chuck, you always know what to say.  What an awesome Senator
Alert : Schumer has bad facts and beliefs  about how"dreamers" loitering , and sexual abudebhssccsusedjortinlepronlrd throughout the states!
Or send them to Chuck's city where he will surely house them in his garage.
Then why haven't you done something?
The fake illegal dreamers are here illegally, kids of legal immigrants and us citizens are the  real DREAMERS,dont you forget that!!!!
everytime a controversy comes out, DEMS like u are out howling like a wolf. All your talk benefit certain people only like the illegals.
I see so many mean Trumpites twitting. U all forgot Republicans blocked everything for 8 years of Obama's! #unfairness
u people are twisting the law in the name of US moral values to legitimize & reward people that broken the law. NOBODY IS ABOVE THE LAW.
what have u done for children of legal immigrants and us citizens. So busy with children of ppl that violate our immigration laws.
You are right Chuck in everything you are saying!
Maj. of Rs were promised wall, AHCA repeal & No Amnesty. @SpeakerRyan @NRSC @SenateMajLdr So, does Trump have to negotiate w/this D guy? 
And have @realDonaldTrump drug tested ASAP!!! #Daddy
We don't owe them anything
We don't owe Dreamers anything!
Do your jobs! Healthcare, Dreamers, etc. Interesting how Don the chicken had bigot, short man,Napoleon  Sessions announce decision on DACA.
and you have the obligation to LOWER ILLEGAL AND LEGAL IMMIGRATION. Pass E verify. End birthright citizenship. Many ways to SAVE #DACA
fight to not pass any tax reform nor raise the debt ceiling SHUT THE GOVERNMENT DOWN

Before you take care of illegals, you should take care of legal Americans. Tax Reform and Healthcare first. Elections 2018 coming.
You had eight years under Obama to get it done and didn't do it. Obama did it all by himself and now you have six months. Go Chuckie go!
Senator, weR paying ur salary2work4us not2serve illegals on our dime!The dying &forgotten middle class citizens need urgent help.Citizens1st
I dream what are you doing for me
Really dreamers first?   What about citizens healthcare, tax reform and economy    We are really going to start with illegals.  Deport
F^(k that
Do Not plan on having your seat much longer,can't do your job then git and git quick
Hey chicly. Didn't Obama say it was just temporary.  He did you and you are causing hysteria
As always just like Obama, putting Americans citizens at the bottom of the barrel!
Try supporting something legal.
Why don't you do something for USA citizens seems you have no empathy for us only illegals what a shame
This time.  Then you'll want a next time and next time. When does it end that we have laws? You break them for votes.
Congress has an obligation to American citizens.No one else.
Congress has the responsibility to get the lawbreakers out of our country and uphold the United States
Get off your ads and work for the Nation...Repubs and Dems. We're all tired of your BS and inaction.
Why didn't you do it already? Why did it take this inhumane edict to get action? AND will you along with MCConnel wait until MARCH?
Trump attempts to use DACA as leverage 2get his wishlist fulfilled. Impeach before we sell our souls to this pretender. #nowall #notrumpcare

What about what's good for American ppl-healthcare-tax reform-boarder security why won't you fight this hard for all not just the illegals
Bullshit. Your responsibility is to the tax paying citizens of this country.
No obligation to anyone but American kids who you should put first.
You have an obligation to represent American citizens.
We do not owe illegals anything there are immigration laws that need to be enforced what part of that don't you understand
This is not all of you have to do. Start working instead of the BS you all have been doing. Time to grow up and cooperate.
Don’t you have to write a bill first?
Yes, please do.  We are supposed to be a country.  Stop the kindergarten behavior.
why not talk to them face to face instead of tweeting? Fight for us all Dems.
Congress only has an ability & obligation to  America people not children of illegals

Well where were you the last 10 years. You are a lazy over paid Senator This is a problem that CONGRESS should have taken care of. move it
NO!
Illegals S/B Grateful 4 Free EDU - They Broke the Law and  Yet Have Audacity to Make Demands! No Obligations 2 Illegals Aliens!
Mr. Schumer, how about your obligation to American citizens first.  Your ploy to enable more Dem voters is transparent.
He should not expect votes most Latin countries don't have much voter turnout if they vote at all
DemocRATS are enemy of the America and American
It better go down  they should have gotten their citizenship start before now.They never want to be a citizens
#Congress has a responsibility to protect #American citizens.  

#BuildTheWall, #RaiseAct
We need to get rid of sen Schumer and Twisted Paul Ryan.
What obligation does Congress have to protect illegal aliens from deportation? Get real
As a Tributary Slave to the USA. What about 9 million of us that you have the IRS hunt #FATCA #screwdaca
Yeah, like they are doing crap. Wonder when Congress is going to do something on Cheeto or u ppl are waiting for a big revolt.
Please don't blame many people for the evil act of one person! To do that would be another act of evil.
Research shows that DACA beneficiaries will contribute $460.3 billion to U.S. gross domestic product over next decade! Should this stop?
The DREAM Act is a now rescinded EO. Stop being lazy.
Obama deported more than 2 million dreamers...
That's because they weren't Muslim.  He was trying to save space for the brethren
I wish you folks in congress and the senate cared as much about Americans as you do illegals...you make this country sick
I prefer you protect AMERICANS. Just a thought....
and whomever votes against these children we are watching.
Your #1 job chuckles is protecting the American people. End sanctuary cities and pass Kate's law. I don't think u care enough to do that.
As Obamacare turns...
Congress has ability & obligation to protect Americans from #Obamacare.
Obama care never hurt anyone. Before ACA insurance companies robbed Americans unchecked!

Not so fast Chuck. You need to give us our border security (the WALL), e-verify, and an agreement that addresses future immigration policy.
You demand Congress take care of illegal aliens but the hell with legal citizens who need Obamacare repealed because they can't afford it.
Can't you be as passionate about issues affecting AMERICANS first like...say...#TaxReform   #Healthcare ??
Wow if just had half the Enthusiasm for The American people as you do for Illegals!!!!
@joseiswriting @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr you're a real schmuck chuck! Still haven't figured what the people really want
I'm rooting for the Do Nothing Congress.
Do your job! If not retire. You do not support my views because I am an American not a communist like you! Dreamers are illegals you DOPE!
No @SenSchumer , you are committed to protecting future voters and passing a socialist agenda.
A friend said to me recently "where are the democrats in all this? Did they all die? " only one says something here and there.
Mitch, why didn't u get legislation on DACA done under Obama? Do u have the same heart for the vets, homeless, lower&middle class?
Also, attach the wall to it! We require border enforcement not! #BuilttheWall One for one!
Are democrats ever going to speak up with a platform or not? You don't seem to exist anymore. How do you expect to get votes?!?!
They stole Trumps platform for the most part.

For once, @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr, find the heart to do the right thing.  Show the people there is something to agree upon that is good.
Heart? They don't have it in them. They prefer to puff up with outrage at anything Trump.
#MAGA! Please keep exposing to America exactly why we the people elected Mr. Trump! Sen. Schumer you are disgraceful and need removed.
We all had dream of equality does not matter what color your are everyone is in as illegal.




Just gonna leave this right here.....
Ironically, President Obama deported 3 million Latinos, so don't tell me how good he was to Latinos, there is only 800k Dreamers!
schumers a phony just like pelosi, they havent done one thing for this country since Trump took office except fund antifa and their violence
So you are saying that congress is obligated to protect border jumpers?
Congresses responsibility is to uphold the law and defend the constitution. THAT MEANS YOU CHUCKIE

Put down the blackberry and do your job. The president wants congress to do it's job. Why is that a problem? Afraid of your incompetence?

BS we have no obligation Shumer I am tired of paying for their butts. Deport them all.
