I don't understand why you guys won't admit that you don't know how an economy works! Trump plainly does, as he's shown, and you resist!
Please elaborate on how Trump who has been officially bankrupt 6 times & bailed out a few extra times, who now has bankrupted the secret 1/2
2/2 service knows anything about successful trade or the economy?
P.S Solid trends take about a year to manifest so anything you see now except for fast trends is still Obama era >> like it or not!
You can repeat that twaddle all you want, but obama was an incompetent boob and a communist who ran the economy into the dirt via ineptitude
Unlike you it seems I have an education & know the basics of how this stuff works... But hey please enlighten me and give me facts 1/2
on how I am wrong laying on the carpet & having a tantrum like a 3 year old does not get you anywhere> elaborate please on trumps influence!
That's funny too, you're the one with the insults and slogans, not arguments. Plus its taken a lot of space for you to make your replies!
We need to be proud to be American first. Stand up for America again. And Americans will come .
This is a good thing, must be the swamp is lowering , and the water is rising.
Obama and the democrats destroyed our economy during the 8 years Obama was president, now you want to grab onto Trumps coat tails ...
Consistent economic growth during 8yrs of Obama AFTER he inherited the Great Recession from Bush.
Bush's great recession? Funny gas was under $2 when bush was in even during the war
Ok we under pressure  now
Don't let GOP continue to make us poorer while .1% gets richer with their tax plan. Trickle down my ass.
Another libtard who thinks he got his job from a poor person. Businesses must make money to give you a decent wage & healthcare! Economics!
Tax reform must b about income inequality reform.If @GOP doesn't address decimated middle class @DNC must own economic message and win
Like they've done for the last 8 years?
What do you know about business? Everything you do is to destroy business. Your party does not want anyone to succeed. If they do, you tax!
Is #ANTIFA and #BLM the militant Red Guard of the Democrat party?  It appears so, Senator.  We hold Democrats responsible for their actions.
Oh, boy! Maybe you can create even better ways to tax our state out of existence in the name of progress and job creation.
That's what there doing to california
You can't draw blood from those drained to the point of economic ememia. These politicians promise much at the expense of others.
It don't matter if you  sit down with economist . Dems tax the  working people at 70%  so they can give $'s to the people that don't work.
I think you have that backwards. R's want to take from middle class to give to rich.Look at new tax 'bill'
Ever got a job from a poor person you hypocrit leftist!
Why are you in Delaware? Aren't you a NY Senator?
Who cares what you do its irrelevant like your accomplishments
Hopefully you will learn something Chuck. Break away from the puppet strings and tag lines and you could learn.

The people need to rise together and be American and never forget our history. Our America is only as powerful as its people.
Help for Texas ????
Yes, Texas needs help but that doesn't mean everything else stops.
A few kind words wouldn't hurt though.....
So just because he didn't say anything here means he isn't kind? Why do we do this to people??
What are we doing? I asked a question- Have you read any of his posts? I want unity- working against the President hurts us.
BTW, I am conservative and not a huge fan @SenSchumer. Doesn't mean I have to nitpick every tweet he posts.
I'm a prior New Yorker- and honestly never thought much of him. I try not to be mean-cant help myself sometimes.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
You're not fooling anyone Chucky. You don't care about jobs and growth. You only care about votes. And your handler, Soros.
An American, became a politician, working for American people.
Chuck,
Have u ever held a full time job not on the public dime?
How does that help New York, or our families in Texas.  Time to retire Chuck!
What is the plan raise the minimum wage?
Why do you need it raised? Are you incapable of getting a higher paying job on your own?
Tax reform and cuts must be done for Americans. Please work w @realDonaldTrump to get a real better deal for the USA 
Thru pain, the swamp slowly drains. Both Americans need to have a forced sit down now.Balance the books stand by our laws and constitution
Unite like the flood, and finally bring smiles back to all Americans, then invite more knowing we can pay for it.
Country wide, not by city. If I can balance my checkbook, you should be able as working politicians balance our checkbook.
Lower our taxes!!
How about you cut NY taxes and property taxes
  Ny in unbearable
3rd Positionists seek separatists of ethnicities & races other than their own to achieve peaceful ethnic & racial coexistence? Segregation
Sounds like your following Donald Trump's lead! Good for you. Now if you can ask him for advice and work with him, shit might get done!!!
Hey Chuck are you against antifa? I didn't hear you say that
Thank you, Chuck! We appreciate all of your hard work.
Invite Pres Trump
You really want to get the economy going and create jobs?
Seriously, Chuck.  Unless you are talking about kickbacks of US tax dollars to you homies, talking to  dem senator is mental masturbation!
Good joke
Democrat party=broken. Your career is in peril. Better start pandering to the right people chucku.
.Doing nothing as you normally do will accomplish nothing.  Talking about doing something and than not doing it makes you Obama
Democrats growing business. OxyMoronic thought
Work with the President at his round table for the entire country. We are all a mess!!
Why not work to bring jobs back to America instead of a single county? I don't think you give a damn about anything other than reelection.
Why aren't you sitting down with the President and discuss problems and make new headways of working together
Follow @realDonaldTrump's lead & you might actually get something worthwhile done.
first ... get the fed out of small business pockets... secondly,, reduce regulation.

Chuck's terrified an investigation of Awan IT scandal will reveal Dems knowledge of nat'l security breach, espionage http://truepundit.com/fbi-investigation-of-espionage-blackmail-charges-in-awan-case-blocked-by-obama-doj-appointee-who-worked-for-holder-lynch/ … 
Chucky the only thing u ever created was confusion
Who can create more jobs the person on welfare or the millionaire with an established business. Democratic millionaire's in congress=?
You could help greatly by not being an obstructionist
Chucky and his pathetic acolytes have nothing else. We can't begrudge them obstruction!
Chuck - I voted for you, I love you but CAN YOU PLEASE BE A LITTLE MORE AGGRESSIVE? Thank you!
U have had 18 yrs to fix immigration. Ask voters if you can PASS TAX REFORM. Schumer don't care; Ur term good til 2022. No Drama/Pass Agenda
You mean your back pocket...term limits! For God sakes please go away!!!  Scum of earth will die in the burning of this earth  in time. 
No economic development under you Chuckie
False
President Trump is right there with the people in TX,,donating 1M of his OWN money,,,what r u doing???????
Democrats doing nothing except yapping & feeding rhetoric of hate & violence/ domestic racists
God help us !
Tax reform would be a good place to start.
Speak to Trump about tax cuts
That's what you do and all you do. Talk. No action Chuck.
Sure you are NOT it's for show an you to keep your seats will NOT WORK
You're too socialist thinking to do that. You're so smart which ideology is your boat anchor
That's pretty funny since you're nothing but an obstructionist unless there's money in it for you! #PovertyPimp
My one wish is for all Democrats to work with our President. And to set us free from your hate towards in other
Not going to happendemocrats are the obstructionist & feeding hate & violence
Tick tock..no time on the clock...Chucky !
Your out !
#donothingfornationschuma
Hey chuckles did you notice your approval rating it's worse than trumps good job there chuckles
Wake UP America @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi #Purge2018 will take care of U!!
Here's a Leg Up - Cut Taxes, Shrink Gov, Balance Budget, Pay Down Debt and... Get on #TrumpTrain
It's simple Chucky, lower taxes! Doesn't take a roundtable of morons to figure that out!
If you resigned jobs would increase.
Watch out! 

Chucky caused IndyMac Bank Failure, set off a Bank Panic that caused the 2008 economic collapse
STOP taxing everything to death and the economy will come back on its own!   Remember a little thing called "Reaganomics"??
What about sitting down with pimp Cuomo to fix the problem with traffic congestion f/ millions of New Yorkers? You are just a pimp & a fraud
You mean how to raise taxes
I guess you are on board the Trump train now.
Just don't over develop to create floods.
Your tweet reads: Human advancment bad,  $ for R&D,  energy,  bad.
Let's go back to horse & buggy and outhouse. 
I'm know u don't mean it
Delaware is famous for truck farming - something unique to the area. Pay attention to that!
Why don't you sit down with the republicans and work on health care or tax reform? Oh I forgot obstruct and resist . What a bunch of crap
Don't bother. Who cares
And what do you know about creating businesses and growing the economy.
Government doesn't create business, it helps businesses grow by cutting taxes and regulations.
Since when have you ever been concerned about jobs!!??  You've been the main antagonist hyping identity politics for the past 30 years!
Trump you need to stop the blame game,and get off of Obama he is great,U will be impeach and go down the worst what ever you are ,evil
Why such a small group get real
DREAMers More Like SCAMers !!WITH BOLSHEVIKS PELOSI & SCHUMER AT THE HELM
Americans want answers for Sec. of State H.R.Clinton's Email scandals& Wasserman Schultz DNC IT. Fraud Lawsuit  Scandals People are Dead,!,?
Don't you just love FAKE news?
HERE MARXIST CHUCKY SALUTE YOUR REAL FLAG
Why you are not going to help anyway
LOL
Why aren't you helping the fine folks in Texas?!?? The ZERO aid/concern of Dems for our southern neighbors will show in upcoming elections.
We are looking forward to you sitting down to retirement! You have no idea how to develop economy. What you do know how to do is cry-do that
Too late Chuckie. You're a failure.
When will Liberals stand to protect the history of this country?  Liberals have no national pride.  They back anarchists, watch destruction.
Good idea. Then, suggest you get off the donkey & start helping your friend & Israel's w/ America Tax Reform @POTUS @jaredkushner TAP..
Upstate Chuckles - must be getting close to election time ur not fooling anyone
Why bother Chuckie. How many years in office?  You've never helped anyone you clown.  KING OF OBSTRUCTIONISTS. #MAGA
You Democrats refuse to work with Republicans and our president and thatwill hurt big time again in 2018 and2020 you spread nothing but hate
Chucky boy keep doing nothing and spreading hate about our president that's what put them in the WH you mightwant to tell the media that too
Pathetic leadership.
2018 is comingup in 2020 and I hateto tell you but moreDems are going tobegone in 2018 andbecause of the hateyou Dems spread with the media
For American Citizens Right? Not for immigrants. Fed Up with the government giving illegals monies to start business in America. FACT.
Yup that is the democrats/ hell with American workers/ hell pelosi still thinks bush is president/ another ignorant liberal
That's all he does is talk, that's what they call working hard. Jackass
For the future of America as a free country,please, just sit down  Mr.Schumer.
How about lowering taxes? That would help create jobs by creating small businesses. Why are the dems only talking about this now? Detached??
Hope Scott Clarke is at that table!
You're good at talking
How about working on tax cuts and Obamacare ?? Schumer you were elected to do your job or retire !!
We need to change this corny tag line of "A Better Deal." We need a slogan that exudes unity, strength, and courage.
You wouldn't know what it takes to start a business. I bet you wouldn't know how to sell lemonade in the dessert. Resign!
finshed and old we r passing u by letts start to have new leaders who r intouch with us we cant take another loss like this last one PLEASE
reading ur timeline seems a lot of people think like i do we cant hear u anymore i blame u for the mess were in ur old politic speak is
Odds on it devolving into identity politics?
Please stay home!
Just like the last 8 years chuck
Do not trust anything you do or say. #draintheswamp
Would like to see more Dem Leaders supporting the ppl in TX.
Let them know how higher taxes and more regulation will grow middle class jobs and wages! Also Russia collusion and white supremiest.
Implement president Trumps tax reforms to grow business
You can't be for real. What about the rest of the country 
#Schumer. It's over. Too little too late.
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION AND GRANDSTANDING CHUCK

WE THE PEOPLE ARE TIRED OF YOUR SHENANIGANS!!

TIME TO #MAGA 
Dem leaders lacking vision.  Please give us something positive to energize us, make us hopeful, and give us reason to want to go to vote.
Preach!! I hate this slogan they came up with. It's corny and boring. Nothing exciting about it.
You'll have them in debt soon thereafter. Look at the debt you've put on all Americans. $20 trillion debt. Vote the-swamp-Schumer out.
True true true

How about declaring ANTIFA AS A Terror group stop there violence NOW
No way to create or grow business in NY with the politicians we have. Total incompetent Governor, Legislation as well as certain senators
Say it aint SO! Uncle Joe O'Biden didn't do ANYTHING for his HOME STATE???  Talk about Incompetency! Sit Down Chuckie and STAY DOWN.
The fog of #Trumpderangementsyndrome has hamstrung both Dems & Rep's. Every one of you immature, selfish, self-indigent deviants is 2 blame
What is your position on a Antifa?
@JoeNBC and @morningmika here's what DEMS are doing, quietly in the background for now.
too late mr 27% approval guy, if u cared about Americans you wouldn't be obstructing everything. All u have is M T words
Pay attention maybe you'll learn something . This is new ground for you.
Democrats don't realized that pandering for votes to uneducated & illegals promotes socially erosive progressivism  #Demfailure
@SenSchumer are you gonna impeach @bottDonaldTrump #Fakepresident 4REAL ALREADY???
Term limits Chuck. ....
..and Grasssley and McConnell and Graham and.. and... and...
Amen
They should talk to somebody who knows about the economy like Trump
Can't you also speak about impeachment?
Good!! Very depressed area.
It will be more depressed when he goes there. 
Maybe try living there first. 
Now that's s good comedy skit! You and Andrew have driven more business out of NY than brought in!
Getting things DONE!!!
Getting What done? 8 Years of Joe Biden being VP and they couldn't DO ANYTHING EVEN FOR HIS HOME STATE?  Complete Incompetency.
Democrats that need a tax break should look no further than this horrible man if dems vote against tax relief!
#Chuckles Y r u acting like this is a unique idea u came up with. You are just reiterating what .@realDonaldTrump has been doing since 11/8
I thought you hated business?
BOMBSHELL STORY:    #AndreTaggart speaks out about #DNC corruption - #DNCScandal #AwanBrothers #DebbieWassermanSchultz
Chuckie's  term limited has been over a long time ago, Pelosi, McConnell, McCain (I do pray for him) and Feinstein as well.
Look out Delaware!
TAX REFORM!  TAX CUTS FOR ALL!  SIMPLER FILING!!  WHY DO U HAVE TO MEET W/ANY1 TO GET IT- MORON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey Chuck, how about taxes, health care your sabotaging for America. Your going 2 take fall for it at voting booth.
Dems must be out there aggressively working for the common good and economic development in order to bring voters back to the fold.

You mean create local hate ..
Only thing u need to grow,,is some balls
Cut taxes, cancel Dodd-Frank, release American small business to thrive!! Pretty easy but you'll try to raise taxes as usual.
Why now Chuckles? It's never been on your agenda before!
Wants votes from illegals & BLM
A good place to start to offer this, close loop holes for big business, and stop funding business that don't need it.
Black-clad antifa members attack peaceful right-wing demonstrators in Berkeley. Hypocrite where’s the outrage!
Really CNN will ignore that fact/ corrupt news station/lies & fake news/ journalists not so much/ fools
Local biz needs low tax base. Limited regulations. And affordable funding to start up.
My husband told me last night you were going to ACCO today. He is currently working there.
Let the free market create it
Dont talk shit schumer what would u no bout jobs thatsca laugh
#DayOfGiving For ChuckyTell them about the lucrative visa programs you defend #ThursdayThoughts
You mean the kind Kushner has been trying to sell?
You are about 8 years too late #ChuckietheClownSchumer  It time for you to stay in New York and let someone else represent your state!
Don't replace him with a juvenile rube like you.
Growing with, or without DACA humans?
Growing business starts with a good foundation, help young people get technical skills and an education that doesn't cost 22K a semester.
If education costs a lot, wouldnt more people go into biz?
What? Did they offer you some money and sex
D's attempts to grow business by increasing regulations & taxes always fails. Most recent example, the 8 Years of Obama leading from behind.
The economy always tanks under republicans. Trickle down always fails.
None of the economic tanks under republicans have been caused by that administrations actions
Bullshit. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/trickle-down-economics-is-a-nightmare-kansas-proved-it/2017/06/12/c2d7aae0-4fa6-11e7-91eb-9611861a988f_story.html …
Really, tell me about a time it was?
Tell me about a time you completed an economics class?
You mean ECON 2120 and 1010 i took the last 2 years?
Post a scholarly article supporting trickle down.
Hey chuck why u stalling the new D.C. attorney general what are you afraid of. U know we will find out might as well start ur sentence early
Why are so many Trump voters illiterate?
I guessing that's a question just trying to degrade others. The question is why has government allowed people to become illiterate?
What happened to personal responsibility? It was your parents job to see you came up decent and sensible. They failed.
Like I would give one bit of credence to someone who doesn't want to follow laws of our country just a POS.
Are Democrats discovering small businesses are people too?
A chance to segue to the corp tax cuts you and republicans want to enact. The trillions sitting offshore part of the equation?
BOMBSHELL:  MARINE WHISTLEBLOWER INTERVIEW ABOUT #DNC #AWANBROTHERS SCANDAL:
Please consider Broome and Tioga too. The Binghamton area is in need of jobs.
You sound like @realDonaldTrump
Nah... Left out many, many great and also best ever, greatest, unbelievable
Ask President Trump for advice. He knows all about it.
You should also discuss how to rid the WH of parasites.
