BS Quit your F**king Lying
Education levels are much different overall. Improve education for disadvantaged by offering more charter school options.
So who was in charge of the whitehouse for the last 8 years?
I am so proud to have you as my Senator.
What kind of drugs are these ppl taking?????
Amen.
Why don't you make up the short fall out of your pocket Chucky?

Chuckles is trying to win the black vote.  I know of #ABetterDeal - Vote Chuckles out of office 2018!!!!!
Look at your whole Party, Hillary & Elizabeth Warren paid their female employees less than men.
The truth since our independence was won. White men still think they are entitled (see trump supporters)
Yes, You, I and all other white men are evil... why do you insist on Catogorizing Americans? Should you give your job to a woman or minority
Sin Schumer. (Not misspelled)
You are owned and controlled by The PHARMACEUTICAL Companies.
Without OBAMACARE they would loose MONEY
U lied.
Do they have equal capabilities?
Maybe we need a law or something... Equal Pay Act of 1963 ring a bell?
WOMEN PERIOD..ALL colors...STOP PANDERING FOR THE BLACK VOTE....TYPICAL DEM.
Guess the Dems failed Black Women past 8 yrs. Most voted for Hilliary anyway. Ur facts may help them see Dems won't help
How long have you been in office?  Doesn't look like you've helped anyone. Can you say term limits?
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT IMPEACHMENT AND A NEW ELECTION, FFS!
I was a democrat for god sake!!  I left the party!!  You're all a disgrace!!  I'm sure more will follow!!
I did I finally found a party that works for the people
AMERICAN PARTY
We don't need to resist, we need to BUILD
VOTE OUT POLLUTION
How about the pay inequality for shitbag senators that do nothing (you) compared to people who work for a living (us, Americans)
Chuckles SCHUMER, and Nasty PELOSI
Have been under the control of
PHARMACEUTICAL companies for a long time
They need OBAMACARE $ laundering
Playing the race card again!
Its election time.
He is owned by the PHARMACEUTICAL LOBBYIS
They need OBAMACARE to stay filthy rich.
We need Americans not Politicians
And your source?
He just makes up numbers. Who wouldn't believe such an honest man. 
Oh that tested sooo bad
We need Americans not Politicians
VOTE OUT liars
Your looney
Show us the statistics lying crying Schumer!!!
Women won't have economic equality without reproductive rights. Do you know of a party that still supports that?
BS! It's black and white women at the corp I work for! Thousands of us. We get paid the same. Talking all the BS
ha! what bush are you hiding behind chuckie
Is that a fact or just your opinion because I don't see any link about your claim.
Huh?  Back that up with details.  Dig!
Education and experience are needed to make money fool. It's not given away like u want it to be. It's earned by those two little things.
When Im sweating in a shop working metal, making decent money, I look around and see no females. They're in ac offices earning less sitting
Demagoguery just love it.
@TulsiGabbard Corrupt politicians love to talk about this issue so one will forget about their corporate and Saudi money 'pay' for service.
Chucky go home
Newsflash from the DEMS: BLAH BLAH BLAH, "Russians" Blah blah blah "WE ARE NOT CROOKS" Blah blah blah "Hellery is not a crook" Blah Russians
And here goes the race card. Black women are onto your scam for votes.
Oh Senator, your tweets are pathetic.  Blah blah blah @SenSchumer did term limits kick in yet ? Jesus
Chuck,u've been around 4ever..Y didn't U address this before.Youve had years2 address equal pay4 every1 but you've been2 busy with Global
Not in the Senate!!  WE have to pay ALL of you the same,  whether you work or NOT.
must think he will run for POTUS - his tune certainly changed this past week. I hope he does run so we can trash him like he has POTUS
I am confused. Hiw donwe advocate black women getting equal pay,and say nothing about black males, as if they're Separate issues
When you compare a fast food drive through worker to one of the top chefs in the world who owns many businesses & produces cooking shows.

Same education, qualification and experience?
And I want equal pay equivalent to my female counterparts!!  Fairness is Fairness regardless of male/female or female/female scenario.
Men tend to do the dirty work and  take higher paying jobs with higher risk factors.
What more BS numbers to put Black women down. Come on Chuck give some respect!....
What are your ties to fusion
Love how it's black women against white men...post your sources!
Say it isn't so....wasn't obama suppose to take care of that?  8 years in and there was no change...smh
only when they sway public opinion.
Earlier today i saw a video of a kid with downs syndrome blurting out a Whitney Houston song in a car. "Special treatment"
It's a function of education. Smarter people make more money
Black women in corporate America, the private sector and elsewhere r worthy of equal pay as there Caucasian counterparts r. Equal rights!!!!
Pander
I need to work 6 months just to pay my Obamacare premiums. Next year 7 months?  Please save Obamacare!
You just want Black Votes. You haven done anything to help the Black Community. You don't deserve their vote
So prior to 2017 black women were making great wages? What did the Dems and Obama do for black women the last 8 years?
So what are we going to do about it??
The only ppl keeping blk unequal are the Democrats by putting them on welfare and keeping them there.
Playing the black card again. Blk people have as much opportunity as wht men or women. If they dont succeed it is cuz they don't want it.
Chuck your a race baiting ideologue

What are the common statistical variables between blk women and white men to come up with your statistic? Education, experience, age, etc.

If this is true why isnt every company hiring black women if they are that cheap? Or are you lying?

Politicans, right?
Wow really, for the exact same job? With same seniority...experience...skill set? I'm outraged!
How can that be with Democrats in leadership the past 8 years with Obama?
apples vs oranges. You can not compare them.
Hie
This is the result of the Obama Democratic Administration #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheDeepState
I worked with black women. They made the same. Chuck tell the whole truth
May be they are to lazy to work hard.
You've been in charge for the last 8 years, so tell me how is this @POTUS fault? I fault you,and your elite #Dems #TheRebelUSA #TheRebellion
Libs and dems always you race statistics when they want to make it appear they give a shit.
Then why didn't obama change it! Didn't care that's why
can i see the proof mafe
YOUR SO FULL OF IT SCHUMER NO ONE BUYS WHAT YOUR SELLING
If  all have equal skills, education and experience, there would be very little difference. Schumer is trying to scam everyone, again !
You libs stick with the same old play book. If your under fire, you throw the race or gender card. Gotta keep us with fighting each other.
What has your senator done for you except just talk
Wow what a supprise @Senschumer the democrats did NOTHING about this for decades and now you think you can blame @POTUS  No one is fooled!
How about black males?????
I thought Obama fixed all that! Oh no, just for Moochelle?
Legislation has been your bag for a long time Senator.  What have U done to fix this throughout your career?  Nothing!  What did Obama do?
Sick of Dems dividing this country by every possible minority message.  Not American, U R anti American. Our country more diverse than any.
@SenSchumer  will never tell  you he is comparing minimum wage earners and part timers to regularly employed Office staff.  There is a diff
Imaginary problems can't be solved. That's why they are imaginary.

#BlackWomensEqualPay
Facts chuck
Your statement about equal pay. How long have you been a senator and what have you done to solve the problem. You are part of the problem

That's because they do different jobs!!
How about they get the same education? $21K diff says they don't have college degrees. Tell whole truth when u talk
First time in history, majority of elected officials in Washington, R millionaires.  50% of Amcan families can't afford a 5K emergency?
That's a lie.
The pay gap has been dis proven time and time again.
Are the ppl you're comparing in comparable situations? Same job, same experience, same training, same point in their careers?
Statistics? Median Amcan household net worth, decreased 0.94%.Members of Congress median net worth, increased 1.55%. Congress total inc 317B
Wow! We are even dividing what people make by color of their skin...? Do these Women live in predominately democrat controlled sectors??????
oh Chuckie, just stop! Your Bullshit meter is maxed out. What do You pay your female employees? Same as HC?
Your party has been in power long enough to have solve this and you're still asking the same question my my my
Want to race bait now that Russia isn't working You are full of crap and African Americans know it
Tell that to Oprah and Maxine and Michelle and Whoopi and Beyonnce and on and on and on.
It comes down to this. New law has not been created and passed to keep this from happening.
amazing, saw exactly the same verbage from kalama harris.  dems so good a reading the playbook.  without it your all speechless, zombies.
Move to Cuba , EVERYONE makes $40 a month. Except the political parasites
Hand over your fortunes
Tell the black women to get educated and stop laying up drawing checks...
all under the Schumer Watch; own it Chuck; your leadership is dismal and you need to remove yourself from Washington; we need real leaders
Release your staff salaries. Prove you aren't a hypocrite like Elizabeth Warren
Senator Schumer. You're my hero. New Yorkers are so lucky to have such a strong fighter representing them. Keep up the good work.
@realDonaldTrump   do you enjoy dividing our country? are you doing on purpose? or is just that you dont even realize you are doing it?

Ever think they are less skilled which leads to lower pay? Not every problem is racism democrats. But keep playing that card it's working..
Stop with ur race politics!!!!
Are you comparing apples and oranges?
Still pushing the identity politics ey Chuck? Keep it up! It's been working for you so far. We'll take the super majority.
Show your data
I don't see any advantage for been Hispanic, God knows where you get this "facts"
U might want to notify Elizabeth Warren & Hilary Clinton who do pay their women less.. just saying. But ur statistics are completely wrong
what about white women??This is why u lost
That is bullshit. Do you ever tell anybody the truth?
Man something is wrong with the Democratic Party especially Chuck Schumer!
That's it Chuckie keep dividing Americans with your political race profiling. You are a clown and hypocrite!
So much for Ivanka's "talk" about equal pay for all women! This WH is setting us back to the dark ages with regard to civil rights!
Pimping so early in the morning? Why don't you really fucking do something about it? I guess it would stop you from pimping it. What a fraud
That right there! Is the cause of racist in this country. Great job Chuck Schumer the clown! Keep spewing out lies! 
Give them some of your MILLIONS
A bunch of Crap, let me sell you the Brooklyn Bridge Chuck?
If you care about women, why don't you stand up to the betrayal that happened today. If you want my support, be an ally. Champion our voices
Facts please!  What job, education, hours did the black women work as compared to the men?
Obama----refused to nominate a black person for the Supreme court

He was totally USELESS to blacks

Example http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8061012/1/ …
Can you please show your stats that back your claim? I would love to see the apples to apples comparison. I am skeptical but facts win
Mr. Schumer why don't you give her some of your wealth, because I know how you got rich.
Keep up the identity politics! Guaranteed Trump gets another term!
You and your crooked cronies still make more then 80% of Americans and some it would take a million years to make what you made last month
And Chuckie @SenWarren does not pay her women no matter the color what men make. Just saying! #MAGA
Funny as long as you have been a politician maybe you would have fixed that by now if you really cared so much.  Liberal outrage...tiring
@PbSULAK I'M LEGAL, CAPABLE, QUALIFY TO RULE WORLD.  CAN DO YOUR JOB. GET TOUGH . IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED NOW!!
@PbSULAK CRAPOLA MILLONS  PEOPLE,  EXPLOITED. INCREASE , MINIMUM WAGE NATIONWIDE , NOW ! NO LESS !   $15 HR As boss Gladly pay.
Why you comparing salary gap between white men & black women?Whats with u libs pushing hatred towards white men?Keep up the #Racism Chuck 
That's in saine  , it's 2017 people wake up all ready !!
Great slogan, Senator. Makes me want a pizza. A Dem Congress? Not so much.
I would gladly take a low stress job for equal pay
You get paid by the job you do. No the McDonald's worker does not get paid as much as a business manager. Ww already know this
Where are your scientific, peer reviewed journal articles proving this theory?
Yes and how did our president of 8 years or Schumer change that?  Oh that's right, they didn't.
Democratics. That are voted in do 50% less than ones that don't get voted in
Every time Schmuck Schumer opens his mouth, he hurts US. DemocRATS are Liars, Cheats and NEVER to be trusted.  Defend America, DEFEAT a Dem
Welfare should pay more
it is you and your policies that has made all working Americans poorer you ought to be ashamed of what you have done to the middle class
Stay focused! IF SCHUMER IS SAYING IT? ITS A LIE!
"says the AAUW an group that once barred "State" College graduates from joining, their ranks, PS Chuckie how is son Anthony Weiner doing?
line of work:sales. You sell well you get paid well. The pay is = accross the board.
Where are these stats coming from?

Honestly.  Because it sounds like you are just pandering to the next vote.
Playing the race card again Schumer. I think you're the racist.
And how long have you been in government? Why isn't it done already? I know why cuz you're full of you 
Nobody gets a free education in this country like a black female. When at home, sipping your Four Loco and watching MSN, you know the truth
The one thing you're forgetting is they still only need the same amount of credits a white male needs to learn a trade or get a degree.
After a 1 1/2 years of Trump bashing and a lifetime of vote pandering, I thought you might come to your senses. Silly me 
Are you averaging in all the ones on welfare to distort the facts?  Tell the whole story Chucky
1776 our Forefathers volunteered to work as Reps, Senators.
Dems, are "we" courting a specific segment of the population? Blatant pandering? Does this party NOT represent ALL Americans? How we got Don
I do not appreciate you propagating this black and white nonsense.  It is ridiculous.  I'm disappointed in you.
Yeah, well, your "better deal" is going to take care of that, right?  Or are you just making an observation?
So do white women,  you dummy!
Why didn't you correct this when your party controlled the WH & Congress?  You blame others but never take responsibility for anything.
You're too smart to be this ignorant about economics, so I assume you're being disingenuous for political gain once again.
#ThanksObama
Martin Luther King's dream died with the ascendancy of modern day identity politics.
What percentage of the good Senators staff are black women and what do they make when compared to white men? What about transgender midgets?
Sir, why are u comparing women to men. Stop whining and present facts (not opinions) fairly!
Your probably correct! Nice job helping your past voters for the last 30?years!! Trump will help them and ALL OF US.  Not your party. Retire
Schumer is a NAZI! Minorities should be careful trusting him.
Once again skewing the facts. Friends in the job. I know plenty of black women where I am working 20 to 12
