"Climate change is a hoax created by China..."
Dumbest response yet, Dan.
Clamite control has messed up the weather no matter what people say its not helping us at all

To donald trump

Don't climb it sit on it
Never wished death upon anybody, except you.
And WHAT (if anything) have YOU done to help Texas???? The answer: NOTHING.
Praying for Texas especially Houston
Prayers for Texas
I wish everyone on here would learn to spell!!
There you are being negative at a time like this.
The world back in the dinasore age went through a deep freeze killing them all off, before we humans and the animals off today became in /
Get a grip!

Keep social security and Medicare programs  intact

Isn't the NWS one of the agencies you and the Trumper want to gut by defunding?
Praying that it all goes back to normal quickly
Keep our social security and Medicare programs in place
EverythingIsTemprell acceptEternity.WeR strangerstoThisLandJustPassing through. Love&Forgive EVERYONE! Don't let the sun go down on ur wrath
Everyone know Katrina was caused to kill off the blacks by the government
My God is in control of this! This is not our home! Heaven is, or at least should be for some!!!
Please..Please don't go there...God...I can go with climate change..Maybe even the Russians but not god...
So climate change is real and is no longer matter and it does egzist.
It's a hurricane!
That sounds pretty bad in Texas, I hope everyone living in that area will be ok!!
Only two reported dead at this time, one drove into water the other was in a fire!
God is the creator of all things! All this talk about global warming and climate change... Everything that happens in this world is bc God..
If God is resp. For all things he is one bad good.
Be still and know He is God!
Al Gore is all washed up the hot air is coming from him
The only way to tell when Senator Schumer is telling the truth is if his mouth is closed.
Senator Schumer is a very truthful man unlike our POTUS whose every other word is a lie!
I think Harvey is going to loop back into the Gulf and will briefly return into a Cat 1. before going straight into Houston
You'll give funds if u &Steve Anderson get2kill gay Americans. We kno it's what u want #traitor
https://americanbridgepac.org/pence-held-hurricane-katrina-relief-funds-hostage-to-push-his-political-agenda/ … via @American_Bridge
Quick. Cover your eyes! I see science!






Prayers for the people in Texas affected by the flooding
Wow Senator Chuck Schumer leaves the Senate to become the latest weather man. Being Senator is also very unpredictable
 Should do well.
... is allowing it to happen. For what reason, no one will ever know! Pray for these people in Texas & trust in God. That's all we can do...
History or the weather repeat itself:
I have heard in the talk of climate change that this is already beginning to happen and is up to us to protect our planet.
because it's losing slowly the protective layer that protects us from the sun's Ray's and it's heat. If we don't take climate change serious
Youre confusing the loss of ozone/holes w the collection of greenhouse gasses that act as blanket in our atmosphere.
Yes! Oh! It all deals with our planet Earth and if we don't stop puluting our own planet with greenhouse gases and not follow Climate change
Of what is  protecting us from the  sun's heat. That would tend to indicate that our planet Earth could be getting hotter in other places/
I don't mean to scare anyone here, but in the climate change there also has been talk about how the service of our planet is losing part /
you don't have to apologize for speaking truth-
part in doing what we can to save and protect our Earthly home.
egzistance today, so we all should pay attention to it, so there is an earth for our children and grandchildren to live on as well as our/
It if we don't one day we may all suffer because we aren't listening to the wornings about it now.
Wildlife that is why we should pay more attention to it like Vce Pesident Gore has said. We need to be more alert and pay more attention to
Climate change with the earth is real and Alaska and it's amount of snow are melting where Polor Bears live and breathe as well as any other
actually, you couldn't be more right but if folk don't want to see what's directly in front of their   no amount of won't change 'em-
#Harvey
As bad as it is now, #Harvey's destruction just beginning. DON'T DRIVE THROUGH FLOODED AREAS; cause of many deaths/difficult rescues
HELP!!! Friendswood, TX . Link Rd/528 near Clear Creek high water. Officers need "Air boats". First responders NEED FUEL for rescue boats.
US Coast Guard conducting rescues. If in IMMINENT DANGER and need rescue call 281-464-4851. Do not call unless help needed NOW #HoustonFlood
Let's all pray for Texas, Lord Jesus dry the land quickly, send help to those stranded! Heal their land, preserve your people! Thank You 
 Thank you kindly 
It means a lot to hear that others are sending Prayers & thoughts this way  Please keep them going up :-)
#GRABITSPUSSY
100% agencies of the government have to do the 'pick up ball' not movement instead of 'waiting for the ball'. Because the movement of
citizens is very limited, including to hold the phone that can be dangerous for them. Because, the phone may be struck by lightning
because the appeal of the phone to the network. Be wary when holding the phone when lightning comes. Beware holding the phone !. 
Yeas Beware holding your iPhones
Lightning can grab the electronic equipment that captures the network or broadcast, such a television, satellite, cell phone and radar.
Becaue when the phone / TV pull or capture the network then it could be the network will bring the flow of electricity from lightning. 
@vp Thanks for providing @fema  @GovAbbott @DHSgov @USCG @USNationalGuard the resources they need to best serve the people of TX..God bless!
Well what do you expect out of a storm like that mike pence and Donald Trump
In spite of that, some say Global Warming is a myth created by the Chinese. There is simultaneous flooding on every continent
You do know hurricanes have happened for all of recorded history.
Doesn't anyone Remember Katrina ?  What is wrong with these people!
At least the rain is showing more life and force unlike the Texan football Team!!
This is similar to 2001s Allison.
Will you be blaming @realDonaldTrump as usual?
Why not? He's responsible for everything else that has gone wrong since he took office!
Any way to save it for the 2018 drought?
