If you actually want to do the right thing by the American people I'm sure the Republicans will be more than happy to do a bipartisan bill
Chuck Schumer is a fraud
And will continue to double tax American families overseas at higher US tax rates that can and do exceed  %. #TaxReform17 #TaxFairness
https://twitter.com/kredmond_global/status/894498380696649728 …
the democrats had the Presidency for 8yrs and nothing was done.

Hopefully don't agree w/UR draconian, useless #FATCA DESTROYING 9M US citizens 4 ZERO return. http://bit.ly/2siXPwK  #taxreform 
.@RonWyden
Ok, Lets move on to #TaxReform
And that will help our taxes how? Did you complain that Obama wouldn't release any of his college transcripts?
Great Crowd, Pocahontas, Bernie the socialist and Blumenthal the war hero: PRINCILPES yea right! It sounds more like morons talking
I agree let's put them at 44% tax rate! Let's go... pass it! @realDonaldTrump
Not happening Chuck & as a result 2018 will be a bad year for http://Dems.You  have no message and what you do have you stole
Gee, I wish you had fought Obamacare this much.  It did all those things wrong.
https://twitter.com/dropthe_mic/status/888521988939055104 …
WE NEED TO INCREASE TAXES FOR THE 1% : SIMPLE AND A BETTER ECONOMY
How is cutting taxes for the top 1% progress for the USA or US workers?
And the capital that gets shared among the corporate investors. Very few new jobs are actually created due to tax cuts
Interpretation: Schumer is part of 1% ,Deficit puts $ in his pocket so keep same don't lower -Fair&Open-Obstruct+nothing gets done! TRAITOR!
Step aside and let people who understand lead us to prosperity and improved tax structure. You sir are an obstructionist.
Why do you want to criminalize free speech?  You co-sponsored a bill that would throw Americans in prison simply for criticism of Israel.
If that picture doesn't scream "party of old rich white people" I don't know what does?
Why can't the democrats create their own tax reform instead of waiting for Pres. Trump and the Republicans. You are the leaders.
Hey Schmuckie, you Democrats are going down that class warfare scheme while leading the US down the Venezuela path. #DrainTheSwamp of Chuck.
Let's get it done
So disingenuous, the past 8 years you let the deficit rise more than all other presidents combined! Obama's legacy = president Trump.
Oh that's great!!!!! Trump is Obama's legacy. Ain't that the truth. Lol.

How about one that doesn't give wealthy senators free insurance
UNEED 2 CUT TAXS 10%FLAT OK PEOPLE LIKE ME WHO SUFFER FROM BAD DRUGS,2 HELP WITH DRS & MEDS & DAMAGE DONE BECAUSE OF YOU, CONGRESS-FIX FDA !
Chuck you have been in Congress for decades and done NOTHING for tax reform. You have no right to birch when someone cares enough 2 help us!
Kinda like dems did with Obamacare#locked door
In this picture you look like a bunch of children just getting out of school. Because that's what you are.
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
Americans are tired of u taking our money, raising our taxes, & giving it away  to illegal criminals 4 their vote. U R fooling no one!
Don't insult or generalize an entire political party to make a point.  You just make the current situation worse.
Sen Schumer, Federal Taxes aren't used for Federal Spending. While the rich need to be taxed, that money is destroyed. Ask Stephanie Kelton.
Your tax reforms are copies of ours. You disingenuous old man
Just another way that Democrats are disrupting and destroying Trump and America. Think of the positive accomplishments that could have been
Chuck wants war with Russia doesn't give a f*** about America or American values just wants to make the  people  suffer bad dem politics
Democrats waste so much money made other countries rich while the American people suffered for it their priorities prove that.
These Democrats in government Steel the taxpayers money. They don't care about taxes they line their own pockets corruption in every way
Shut up Chuck this war you want with Russia is with you and the Deep state not what America wants. Sanctions on Russia is wrong in every way
Why don't you Govern instead of obstruction
Give a tax break to all of the people who pay taxes.
Keep the third promise and I'll become a Democrat myself; but there's no real danger of that, is there Chuck?
Stop with the deficit-phobia. The Federal Govt (who ISSUES THE US DOLLAR)'s "deficit" is everybody else's SURPLUS.
Really?  Then why did Dems vote in cuts to help pay for their Obamacare while everyone else has to pay?  Hypocrite.
You are the worst for our country. abd nred to be voted OUT.  We need to investigate you.
Quit stalling and start negotiating, if you are serious
I believe in Trump's tax reform....
Fake news
Have any of you even tried to work together yet or do we have to keep cutting each other down.  GROW UP!!
In other. Words let the Dems continue to obstruct you haven't been honest once in 6 mo why would we trust your stated desire do your job now
You set a poor example for bi-partisianship  during the Obama administration
This is the only deal you now how to make
Like you negotiated the ACA? Piss off.
@MSNBC  @SenatorCollins  @colbertlateshow 
This is STILL about UNFUNDING TAX MANDATE OBANA BUILT INTO ACA TO FUND ACA
DON'T CUT ACA TAX FUND
But really only the progressive wack jobs support you stand for america not just your socialist ideology.
Like how Obamacare was a fair & open process? No thanks #DrainTheWashingtonSwamp #TermLimits
Chuck, when you say "fair and open," Why did democrats not try 2 pass ObamaCare instead of the unconventional means dems used.
oh Chuckie, you don't care about Americans. You resist and we all see it. Just wait and see what's going to happen to you all.
But right now u r sticking it to 2-10%!  Those people are the upper middle class and drive the economy and are not rich!   Cut 4% off fed !
and how many balanced budgets did the Democraps pass during their reign of house and senate?..  answer: None
LGBT, Race, Religion,  Immigrant, Illegal entrants: must protect minorities... The 1%: must screw the minority.
#rightON
Sir--you and your DEMS have INCREASED THE DEFICIT yourselves year after year with SOCIAL WELFARE Programs.  TIME FOR TERM LIMITATIONS!
Liberals will never be logical.They are deep in their ideology to be reasonable Facts Evade Them STOP DEMS LIBERAL LEFT WING NUTS #MAGA
If you want to talk about fair to the American people, let's talk about cutting your ACA subsidies? #TaxReform #NewDeal
Ignore the 1% real people and small business' need help to survive.
YOU Dems. only care about yourselves NOT the VOTERS or PRINCIPLES !
please resign now chuck
The latest pic of Schumer
GOP doesn't care about America nor Americans! It show when they do not work with President Trump

Democrat tax reform means steal more from the works to pay the Democrat money takers bribes
Seems to me you now almost have @POTUS tax plan. Tax reform should be easy now... Right!
Y should Republican Party work with Obstructionists? 5-0 in special elections, Another Republican Governor. U will lose more seats in 2018
I think African Americans have caught on to your attempt to divide. Most people know that the successful expand and jobs become created.
A good entrepreneur will expand, hire more, become more successful, and maybe become a corporation. Yet Dems demonize successful. @RandPaul
Retire Chuckie! You're not thinking clear anymore.
You should be embarrassed posting a pic of all your crony's All we T- AM see is a group of corruption
We know the Democrats principles text the living daylights out of everyone
%TaxReform for the Average American, not the 1%.
Always negative!!!!
Congress is reminded your priority is NOT your re-election
Just like obamacare tax. What a sweetheart you are.
HEY LOOKIE??A 4TH REICH JEWISH DEPORTATION LEAD BY DA HEAD SMUCK>>
Sooo you're saying that as the 1% you're ok with no tax cuts?  I call bullshit
Like other forms of mental abuse it damages the mind and can create and does create the typical PTSD type symptond of standard PTSD traumas
Mankind's nature to be socialable . Propaganda is required to make war and genocide and hatred . Its mental abuse designed and planned
Propagandized support populations worldwide wrap themselves up in their superior ideology to justify cruelty maliciousness torture chambers
Ideology allows a propagandized brain damaged puppet to justify how they design their imperatives based upon standard propaganda smears
Tolerance and free speech why ? Ideology one of the 4 pillars of propaganda.  Ideology imprint stations must be protected at all costs .
Sponsored by fine tuning short sell propaganda amateur sociopath George Soros totally negating two core  principles of Liberals
Tolerance and freespeech are two pillars of Liberalism yet abandoned by George Soros your darling and Liberals who engaged in a $50,000 riot
Swamp Creature
You weren't worried when OBAMA almost double National Debt. Come on Chuck. Your not for ALL people. Your losing Governor now to REP party.
Dems continually increased the deficit...now u care? Remember ur party lost the senate.
4 40 yrs I was Dem. The special interests days are over  At this point you/yours have no choice but 2 humble yourselves instead of resisting
This will show democrats don't work for the people they work for themselves. Cut our taxes. The 1% own the companies the rest of u work for
It's going to cut taxes for everyone.  It's better for economy!
Make sure you keep your own taxes high!
Oh Chuck, you hate anyone that makes more $ than you. When is your party going to give up on this income redistrib fantasy? It always fails.
Isn't that counter to you guys being shills of the wealthy and corporations. You should've consulted the conspiracy theorists first.
Blah blah blah!  Save it Chuck!  Bunch of elitists acting like they care about the rest of us.  It's time to end this failed party in 2018.
Everything you liberals did for 8 years under obama This can't be denied So whats u got to say about that Chucky @SenSchumer
C'mon Senator Schumer, please speak to all of the American people. Get people to help spread your message. This is too important.
The day you tell the people who pay a large share of taxes to take a hike,we will become a third world nation.They will invest elsewhere
@SenSanders @SenSchumer @RepDebDingell @SenStabenow don't back down an inch on #1. If you do @gop will find a way to take it from US workers
... You can lead from Senate, no need for official titles within Party. Please start right now campaigning for 2018; GOP doing it already!
Democratic Party NEEDS a LEADER who can adapt to actual velues and needs; and who can cajole them into unity. That LEADER is you!!! /2....
Why go after those who create wealth?  Why do you believe tax cuts will increase the deficit. The deficit is symptom of over spending!
HYPOCRITES AND LIARS ALL DEMOCRAPS
I guess Obama should have read the one about not increasing the deficit. Past leadership is why we're in such a mess.
Chucky, O increased country's debt more than all presidents before him...COMBINED. How can you claim not increasing is ur principle? Lying!
This is weaksauce, Chuck. Tax the rich!  #TaxReform
Yes. What is your obsession with fleecing the rich? Do you not understand the simple idea that their wealth is their property?
Cut entitlements for able working Americans who refuse to work. and deficit will decrease.

WHO CARES! RETIRE! YOURE THE 1%! NPBODY BELIEVES YOU AND YOUR PARTY! SHOULDVE GOTTEN OUT OF THE WASHINGTON BUBBLE AND PAID ATTENTION!
Your clueless how the economy works! Further your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work! All talk no action! No tears Senator
Oh Crap, Trumps got hand on the lid of the Democrats SLUSH fund. Entiltlements Addiction Party, about to ween his constituents
Here's an idea Chuckie, you carry the same healthcare (you're supposed to be "of the ppl")  live beside your terrorist migrants & make $8 hr
LIES! Since Democrats do not support Tax Reform, just watch how many people leave your Party... it's already happening!!!
Even a little more money in the pockets of the so-called 1% helps our economy #CryinChuck you're Socialism is not wanted here. #GetAJob
So, if the 1% doesn't get a tax cut no one else does either ..... thanks Chuckie
We think you're lying out your ass. That's what we disagree with.
You never talked about tax reform until a Republican took office. Where was your reform the last 8 years?
So, Chuck, does open debate mean debating CNN, MSNBC, NPR every day in WH press room, then having to debate your dimm minions in Congress?
Since when are you so concerned about the deficit, Chuck?
The only reform your party ever wants high rates and it kills the economy... redistribution of wealth right Chuckles?
You let Obama increase our debt by 10T yet now u say this? Since when has a dem ever cared about our deficit?
Who care what you support . Obstutionist !!
You lost the election and don't have a say in anything. You had your shot for 8 years and failed. You are not smart enough to make law.
Time for you to go http://Schumer.You  have lost your way. Imagine if you were on team America.Imagine the possibilities ? Help or leave
There is no election and you lost a Democratic governor, that should tell you your Party is lost.
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS CHUCK-YOU'VE DEMONSTRATED YOU ONLY CARE ABOUT YOURSELF & YOUR DONORS!! FAKE SENATOR!!!
Chuckles...to think you're part of our government is embarrassing!!
1. Provides no actual benefits to the poor
2. Burdens businesses
3. Entraps the poor into their place forever
4. Expands the fed to a PONR
How about "power to people or power for the people " for the new DEN slogan??
Democratic slogan
No, it's the liberal principles of giveaways like its Christmas.
keep pushing this message Chuck--and get some good consultants for the D's running in 18!!
Bozo the clown!
Hope you belong in that one percent, but who the hell told you you could set the peramiterd for discussion, if u don't like tuff turkey
hypocrites! every last one of you! Obama added trillions to the debt , where were you with your principles then?
You do mot stand for nothing just resist and resist. Typical liberal democRATS.

