Dems are so corrupt it's unbelievable.
How anyone be a Dem now is insane. I suspect the only ones left are the crazys and crooks.
Go look at Cher's tweet
Let's get Gorsuch in there now!
Get a life Chuckie. You r trying to outdo Bernie. U have lost your place as a centrist. Shame that many of us will not b able to support u.
yes we do want a conservative on the bench! Enough Lefty loon dems who vote for dem votes n not constitution!

GET A GRIP ON REALITY. THE FANTASY WORLD YOU HAVE BEEN LIVING IN IS NUTS. Stop HATING President Trump & the American people. Join reality...
GET A GRIP ON REALITY. THE FANTASY WORLD YOU HAVE BEEN LIVING IN IS NUTS. Stop HATING President Trump & the American people. Join reality...
Lucky for us, it really does not matter what you think. He will be the next justice...thank God.
Why yes we do Mr. Shumer. Much better than a Judge that legislates from the bench. He actually read the constitution.
Yes, apparently he follows the laws regardless of his opions.
Going against a president is an act of treason when are we gonna  lock you up
blocking trolls, don't engage w/bullies trying to pick fights. I'm not on Twitter for this purpose. #warned #Blocktroll
GET A GRIP ON REALITY. THE FANTASY WORLD YOU HAVE BEEN LIVING IN IS NUTS. Stop HATING President Trump & the American people. Join reality.
yes
You can't  apply your (lack of) standards.  We look for a Judge to uphold the law.  Period.  It's just that simple.
Better then being picked by left-wing special  interest
He is replacing a conservative judge.  The balance is now the same as before.  Scalia was the most right wing ranked judge.
Cry me a river Chuck you and your party are nothing but HYPOCRITES you started the nuclear option now it's happening to you you're crying
Coming from a partisan hack, big govt socialist like yourself, that is golden.
Oh you are pulling out the gay card... that's an old one.  Regroup & Refrain saying everything you think!
We damned sure don't want a left leaning judge! Someone more centered.
Absolutely Chucky

Yes we do.   Your a hack and the reason for term limits.
or, schumer, we could have the left wing nutjob Ruth Bader who sleeps thru her hearings....what a bunch of a-holes you Dems are
How much longer b4 Trump can be impeached? PLEASE!!!!! Do it!
Better odds that Obama will be impeached
JAIL FOR OBAMA
This is not a stolen seat for scotus you guys started that with Bush called Biden rule again now it's happening to you you're crying
Better odds Obama will go to JAIL#espionage
What some going off the  Constitution and with Liberal special interest.  This guy has nothing showing that. What a ceybaby
Hillary wins she picks, Trump wins he picks.THE PEOPLE DECIDED! Get over it Schumer
The fact that we elected Trump Pres, says we want conservative leaning judges.
I myself a conservative would think that a sound argument can be made to support there rights.
Chucky, face facts- U are IMPOTENT & not IMPORTANT. Big difference little man. Videos of U stating W not nom SC nom in last 18 mths R great!
/Yes we do.
by all means let's us left wing special interest groups. That is just as bad as far right.
When will you get a real job?  Nobody except the 5 boroughs likes you.
Yes we do...elections have consequences
Yes
Yes we do Chuck u voted for him at his last position what changed
Yes, yes we do you unhinged, bat crazy lunatic.
you schumer @mfay1957
we sure don't.
Chuckie ... you and Reid have brought it on yourselves. Revenge is a dish served cold.  Do you like it chilly, Chuckie?
YES
More will be revealed.  #KeepTalking till circumstances force Gorsuch down -  such as an impeachment.
Find a way to swing additional votes to NO. Position to important to be given away
"Elections have consequences."
Guess who said that Chuckie
We SURE DO!
Stop this nonsense already and get back to work. You're beginning to sound like Chicken Little! Nonsense. Nonsense. Nonsense!
Neil Gorsuch is a mainstream nominee unlike Obama's radical nominees. 

It is common sense to approve his nomination. Do you have any left?
SCOTUS is not a partisan, super-legislative body. The question is whether Neil Gorsuch is qualified to serve. He is eminently qualified.
Actually 9 justices may vote on it or they may not You need to figure out how things work in the real world. Panicking are you loser? Resign
Moreover, do we want that person to possibly have ties to #racketeering and Russian interference in our election & polices. Let @FBI finish
so by right wing you mean the former Clinton IG?? This judge is more highly qualified than several already sitting
Absolutely!
We want the next SCOTUS to rule on the LAW according to the constitution. We do NOT want a justice to rule via public opinion.
And you picked Hillary with at least 2 seats at stake. Suffer with your choices
Stay the course! Vote no!
He plagiarized! Not a good candidate for the Supreme Court!
No! Stay the course!
Yes, because he will follow the law. Unlike the other political judges in the bench. Quit it and get to work.
Don't need anymore silly laws from snowflakes!
Yes, he will support, as you know, if it is constitutional. You have lied so long you can't find the truth in anything
Yes! Yes! Yes!
U voted for Gorsuch unanimously earlier! U didn't think he was against Ur political crap then! So, this is all about Pres.Trump! Hypocrites!
Gorsuch has an impeccable record and you are ensuring your party's extinction. So I say it is a worthy sacrifice to use Nuclear option. 
Get over it. Gorsuch will be the next Supreme Court Justice on Friday.
Yes. Much better than left wing activist judges pushing liberal agenda!
So our choice is either right-wing or left-wing special interest groups! Not the most qualified? Your politics reek!
Your to be talking u hypocrite
Oh remember a day when the committee and the Senate actually voted based on qualifications......
STAND OUR GROUND
KICK PUTINS REPUGS IN NUTS
NO BLACK MAIL
THEY ARE TRYING TO GET DEMS
TO BACK DOWN
AGAIN AND AGAIN
YES WE DO ... I WATCHED THE HEARINGS ... HE CAME ACROSS AS A VERY UPSTANDING HONEST PERSON ... UNLIKE YOU!
Yes! Until Dems become led by normal people like Bill Clinton & Ed Rendell rather than lunatics like Keith Ellison & screaming Liz Warren.
#Gorsuch was on candidate Trump's public short list of #SCOTUS choices. It was the AMERICAN PEOPLE who voted for Trump to get to Gorsuch.

Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Hell No
Filibuster Gorsuch- a right wing extremist dressed up like a 50's frat boy, oh my gosh
Gorsuch is NOT right wing; he is Constitutionalist - the only way to be on the SCOTUS.  How stupid/biased can you get?!
YES!
You previously voted for him.  What changed? Obstruction party strikes again.
That Argument can go both ways. You don't speak for everyone even though you would like that.
Me thinks you would be okay with a person picked by left-wing special interest groups...
Yes I do!
It will be Gorsuch no matter what you try to do
yep
SCOTUS should not b confirmed until investigation determines legitimacy of POTUS!
Chuck listen to yourself.  Your side lost lost lost yes we want it decided by Gorsuch. Duh
The clown is out fearmongering and ignoring the fact that this same court upheld gay marriage....
The right wing is much better than your lefty, start working for you country, anarchist with title n put your cheap philosophy inside drawer
Gorsuch is qualified & rules law as all judges should. Other than this scare tactic, you & Dems have no reason to vote no. #confirmgorsuch
you mean the the right wing 62 million Americans that think you and the democrats bullshit  has run its course
Crybaby, Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed thanks to Harry Reid.
"Right wing" ?!  Do you mean like the opposite of the Left Wing bias on SCOTUS now ? Your resistance will cost you in next election.
We want someone who understands and rules based upon the law...#NovelConcept #STOPpoliticizingEVERYTHING
No way. I don't want to go backwards
your idea of right wing is mainstream America,it's why you keep losing,conservatives don't hate LGBT, just get out of our face
You lost, Chuckie Boy.  You're a chump destroying a political party.
Getting a little desperate huh Schumer?
Yes
Stand firm on #GorsuchVote, @SenSchumer! @SenateMajLdr will not respect cowardice. Go down swinging and plant the seeds of victory instead!
@margaritarr8 @nytimes They will change the rules that have been in place for two hundred fifty years and blame it on Obama bet?
no you can hand that blame to harry Reid
you voted for this person and I'd rather it be gorsuch than someone in the pocket of soros
Where do you Repugnicons get your info?--Oh wait--Faux News and Bill O'liely-d-groper. Alt. Facts, alt Universe
RIGHT- WING SPECIAL INTEREST GRPS ARE FAR BETTER THAN LEFT.?????
Hey Chuckie. You know you guys lost   Right.
Great but what are you going to do? We're stuck with this because our lazy electorate believed a snake oil salesman and put him in office.
Whine whine whine Chuck.
Retire quit being an obstructionist
why does your face look like that?
YES! !
Yes judge by the law not your feelings
Yes because we have a republican potus y'all should have got killary elected if u wanted a libturds judge
... or left wing special interest groups. (To finish your statement) I'd rather the presumptive justice follow the law, rather than make it.
Don't worry Chuck. You'll still be protected. These games you & your pals play could only last so long..
To answer your question, ChuckYou, Yes, we do.
Oh Chucky.. you are such a dinosaur. I'm kind of laughing and embarrassed for you at the same time. Ever heard of picking your battles ? NO?
Confirm gorsuch you fool
Of course you don't Schumer! You are a socialist and want your left wing anti constitution judge on the Supreme Court! Dah--- no brainer!
Chuckie, @SenSchumer who really gives a crap bout dem vs repub anymore!!!! It's why you lost!  Grow the hell up, or get the "f" out!!!
I'm certain Merrick Garland never called any handicapped person a n*gger.
plagiarism..not only that..he adds in a supremely racist term to cover his tracks on copy and pasting.
what a nut job.  Who pulls mongolism out of their ass?
It's back to the days of eugenics!
Mongolism is short for Mongolian Idiocy
yes..it's super duper racist.
Yes
More bloviating and character assassination. Laws need to be in place to allow victims to sue you.
Yes. He will make unbiased unpolitical decision. How it's supposed to be
yes Chuck
Nooo
No, never, lets have them picked from left-wing alt-left special interest groups..
How about just pick a judge who follows the laws..
I certainly DON'T WANT someone you would pick!!
We want an originalist as they all should be. SCOTUS judges aren't supposed to be political.
Yeah sounds good to me
With this much pressure on the the Supreme Court wouldn't dare reverse anything that already exists on anything with the LGBT community
No, bring back Merrick Garland if possible. The SC needs a moderate respected by ppl in both parties & is respectable. NO on Gorsuch!
Oh God help us all!!!!
Left wingers like U do not have clue, Follow the CONSTITUTION Chucky U are a 
Have you actually looked at Gorsuch's past rulings or just the face that he was nominated by Trump and said no??
Hell ya. Hell of a lot more than the far left loons in DC
Alphonse Maddin was wrongly fired for trying to save his own life. Seven judges heard his case. Only one ruled against him: Judge #Gorsuch
Please start the process to remove the Irs
Welcome to the dark ages. Impeachment is our only answer to survival as a nation!
Yes! We do
We need you to know how difficult life is under our government rules
STOP ALL DEPORTATIONS ICE RAIDS ARRESTS EVEN IN PRISON DON'T DEPORT PUNISHMENT ENOUGH KIDS CAN SEE PARENTS
IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED TRAITORS THIEVES CORRUPT RIGGED FLIPPED HER HUGE LANDSLIDE WIN SHE WON.
Mr Schumer, when is your first community meeting and where please?
We don't want you picking the next Justice, that's National suicide
What's your special interest agenda?
Extreme right-wing
Good job! Keep up the good work! Don't make it easy for GOP when Garland should be on @SCOTUS!
Last I checked, Congress makes the laws, so change them if you don't like them.
Schumer: Of course we want a right wing justice ! U Democrap jerks are destroying our country. Thank GOD for someone like Pres. Trump !!
Not your choice. You are to advise & consent. Are you just a rookie or obstructionist? You are the Miniorty party leader. Act like it
What have you got to say about #susanricegate?? You think if you don't address it it doesn't exist? NOT!
