The GOP congress would not hear any Democratic bills. Where have you been since 2009?
I don't believe this. gOP has majority, and Dems still blocking. Quit making excuses.
you 

You can google a company name and ask how much was given to a person and it gives you the exact amount! The GOP only helps the rich!
Do you know how people get rich? They quit wasting their money on crap. Yea, GOP helps that.
The GOP waste money on giving to the rich people  not the mid/low class! Maybe a 5th grader can help you with facts, not fiction!
Keep sticking with Trump & Russia and the US wont be a free country anymore!
The GOP wants to privatize everything then they can give us raises when they want& how much they want! Dont let the GOP cut our Unions!
Thats why he's not hiring more state workers! GOP is the greediest & most dirtiest party out there! Why do poor people vote for them?
He is selling us to the Saudis this is a nightmare
Plus the Saudi's gave $100 million to Ivanka Trumps fund! What fund! She has done nothing to help women! She only lined her pocket! SAD
U realize our debt is $19 trillion bc of democratic policies. Should we not try something different to save $.
Rural areas don't want highways. We don't want roads across our crop land. Sir, you are suppose to represent all of us, start doing it.
Our potus is a mixture of Yosemite Sam and wile e coyote
Please/ stop your stupidity
I'm so sick of this president puffing out his chest about proposals that don't materialize into anything while spreading division and hate
he has been in office 5 1/2 months and because of the Dem agenda of restrict. He has not even placed his team
Sorry he hasn't even nominated over 50% of the positions you can't blame dems for what they don't have incrint of them - look it up
it's like this. If I'm in charge. I put people in place. Then they make recommendations on their employees
Chuckle, I hope all of the union tradespeople you are stuffing will take their anger out on you!
GOP is mortally wounded. Bye Bye!
As opposed to Dem nothingnesd.
Trump is patronizing his crooked pals in the construction business. Can't wait for repeal of Fed. Wage on Gov. Jobs.
Why
But it means more money for rich white guys.... you know, the ones that support his party?
lol. Beats the Obama highway to 20 Trillion in debt service.
People in rural areas should move for better opportunities.  Taxpayers need to stop propping ppl up who refuse to move.
there is not much Rural anymore. 15 miles from a city limit sign just means that's where you chose to be
Toll roads in CA sit essentially unused as public roads are packed. No one wants to pay tolls, particularly to private for profit companies
Average folks can't afford to use them every day. Toll roads are for tourists and elitists.
Here in TN our GOP governor could convinced our GOP-led majority legislature to approve a 6 cent gas tax to pay for road and bridge repair.
Are single mothers without husbands allowed to drive on these private roads?
Yet those rural workers will blame Pres. Obama when no jobs come to pass. Why not spend $ on retraining & education for jobs in renewables?
Maybe we can spend more millions on unlawful signs on highways like your NY state just did!
Not enough Legalized Weed to get over this can of nuts.
On private roads and bridges, how will the Betsy Devos students read the signs? Will it be pictures ONLY?
Privatize air traffic control and we would be unaware of where flights were from or going to.  Sounds less safe to me.
why would we not know  dumbest argument yet.  Private email ndustry does everything better and cheaper
So the private sector doesn't hire construction workers? I always heard they do
Yeah mostly illegals for low wages.
Yea but hopefully we are doing something about the illegals
that will not make America great again; Senator, wished you were at the Ryan CHC FQHC gala
Thank you
WE THE PEOPLE NEED YOUR HELP.  STOP THE PRIVATE BUSINESSES, THEY ARE NOT GOOD FOR US.
You would like to see this wouldn't you. NYS IS THE HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. NO JOBS AVAILABLE. JUST TAXES TAXED ON ALL.
Of course just another statement without one piece of proof.. Typical Schumer all air no substance!
Have u ever worked real job in your life? Stop being so negative & try to see the good in what he's trying do. Dig a ditch So u can see
More lies chuck
How did you come up with that
ONLY a democRAT would find a way out of work. GOOD GOD, Schumer you're a schmuck and fraud.
So streamlined work instead of bloated gov't construction that takes YEARS to complete and costs taxpayers extra $$$?  
No, what it really means is less control for power-hungry Democrats. That is the real objection. Ppl don't need DC to control
Kinda like the stimulus package you idiots did in 2009!! No shovel ready jobs and no economic growth!!!!!
#fakenews
Hey Chuck what exactly do we pay you and Pelosi to do?  You two complain about everything and do NOTHING!
Chucky baby! if @realDonaldTrump stopped creating jobs RIGHT NOW, he's still miles ahead of @BarackObama - the loser & you for that matter!
Are u out of your mind chuckie?? Infrastructure needs to be done and the government is broke. U know this is the right way to get it done
Anything you can do to be obstructionist, right Chuck? Damned shameful.
Really?! Do you drive around NY my fucking fillings nearly fell out the potholes are so bad.
How many jobs have you created. Have you ever signed the front of a paycheck? @SenSchumer
when will you start working for all the people not just a party
And explain how privatization works without an immigrant labor??
And at a higher cost.
& more $$$ for the Chaos
Let us know what  you and the Dems are going to do about it, Chuck? Thanks!
Why not give OUR Pres. a chance? U R despicable with ur negative party line whether right or wrong. 4 once help MAGA instead of same PC crap
Wrong!

Privatization encourages profits over requirements, prestige over needs. Companies benefit while citizens do not.
Wow you must be really good at Twister.
Too funny, you advocate being like Europe until someone actually does it... 
You couldn't be more wrong. RURAL jobs will take off and auxillary businesses, food,housing services will boom. CAPITALISM is great.
Your business sense sucks. UNION jobs use 4 workers by regulation that stink for the actually needed 2/More GOV waste,overruns,time
STOP this guy.  He is dangerous.
The GOP always push everything onto individual states so maybe we shouldn't pay any Federal taxes anymore
What is your PLAN .@SenSchumer? 
You DON'T Have any ideas except bashing the president.
It also means a lower cost for construction in many cases.
So you want to borrow our way to infrastructure? Your economics put us 20 trillion in debt stop lying to the American people. Hack!
It's also a 'cute" secretive way to create more tax cuts for the wealthy!
and will enrich  #pussygrabber bros who are in the prison biz, construction biz...etc #ImpeachTrump
I'M SEEING MORE JOBS NOW THEN I'VE SEEN IN ONE HELL 0V A LONG TIME!!!! WHERE ARE YOU COMING FROM!!!!
I question your subversive loyalty to a formeradministration Don't the oath you took mean anything to you and Pelosi The goal is to be great
Means more toll roads and less freeways.Means more money going to fewer people.
I think it sounds as though the GOP will have their hands in their own pockets
Privatization is rarely, if ever, the answer
They get what they voted for. F_ck em'.
Privatization of any critical services is NEVER a good idea. Private companies put profits above safety, people and results. EVERY TIME
Hey Chuck, how does it feel to be completely irrelevant?
All of this needs to be stopped dead before he does any more damage.
Well maybe if we eliminate pork barrel projects courtesy of corrupt politicians, we could better afford our infrastructure.
I know it's been somewhat common to support infrastructure by both parties; it's just you guys don't like privatizing it...1/2
I'm tired of seeing road construction that takes years to finish along with making traffic while they're at it. Not efficient at all.
Government construction is always WAY WAY WAY SLOWER
So does his blatant attempt to have AGSessions send more people to his private prison industrial complex. @SenSchumer what is your plan?
Selling the country off piecemeal to China Russia Saudi Arabia. Sickening. We will be owned by others subject to their desires whims profits
And his cronies rake in the money.
Chuck SOSDD. You need to retire!!
Such BS Chuck...but that's what your good at!
Let's not forget it will cost us all more money. We will all be paying tolls to the Saudi's
We are behind you all the way Sen. Schumer!
Blah blah blah
and profit-bearing opportunities for his cronies and foreign investors, to have control over access to our airspace.
no it means it will be done right and on budget Chuck
We the citizens are the private sector have you forgotten that? So when you criticize privatization you criticize us!
"Rural" to him is Cinci, Louisville, PIttsburg...has no idea or concern about impact of anything on *real* rural areas.
Privatization always means the "good old boy" network.Contracts for friends.Paying back favors.Nothing for working Americans/small business
No government  function should be privatized .  Just RONG.
Yo chuckles your a butt
As opposed to Obama shovel ready jobs after getting over one billion dollars? Where did the money go Chucky Gum Shoe?
Actually I think it's a great idea. Increase the businesses is the private sector, which will increase jobs. Was a time when gov didn't
How will turning air traffic control into a FOR PROFIT function improve air travel.  I only see more delays and confusion for sake of $$
Obama borrowed $9 trillion, and did nothing.
How can you be against progress? We need to get to the 21st century on the travel technology. #MAGA
And those "private" companies are ALL Trymp friends that he will award contracts!! Swamp! More Trump $$$ grab
Yeah but think of all the privately owned toll booths.  This crowd doesn't just want tax cuts, they want to collect taxes
And big bonuses for CEOs
Breaking:Schumer is out next election So far his own people see him as a puppet with a hated Harry Reid identity.He is'nt his own man
Will the contractors get screwed out of their money like the ones who built Trump Taj Mahal?
And higher prices & worse, even abusive, service to those spending the money they worked hard for
And lower wages too. They OWN it after all
You are ten times smarter then the maniac in office
We want you to play dirty like the R's do .stop being polite
you schumer. What have you done? #donothing
Sounds like he wants to turn OUR country into a series of TOLL ROADS .... if you have no toll money, you're screwed again!
Privatization of Air Traffic Control is not a good idea... One has to wonder what trump is getting out of it
Which private roads will have clearance for minorities to drive through? Will detours be available Mr. President? (threw up in the mouth)
On Private bridges, will we have to show our social media feeds at check points to make sure we pledge LOYALTY to Great Leader Giant Hands??
I fully expect every single 'private' road to become a toll road owned by someone living in another country, or a big corporation.
Like Saudi Arabia?
I, for one, would love for private roads and bridges have Gaza like checkpoints making sure 2 men women travelling are not holding hands.
@inresista1 @POTUS While you let @USDA destroy my SM bus rural development over the size of house self built from ground up
Maybe the new GPS's could show the LGBTQ community which Koch Brother roads and bridges to avoid. Just a suggestion.
You couldn't tell the truth standing on your mom ma's grave.
The Liar in Chief has a plan to make American anything but great!
Since when did you care about Rural Areas ?
what possible logic is there in doing this?  worried about terrorists my @$$
NO.
It means jobs to his NY mob construction buddies.
Privatization takes the burden off of taxpayers.  Not that you can understand something as complicated as that.
What it means is less waste and more value.Everyone hates big govt.! Jack of all trades masters of none. We have to start getting r $ worth.
Privatization built this nation @ lower prices.  It is called capitalism little socialist Democrat.  Best way to go, capitalism.
Sen Skeemer, no privatization means getting the Job Done Under Budget & On Time!
It's better than Schumers shit which you have been peddling for years!
Now how would you know Chuck? You have us $20 trillion in debt!
Right because everything the government does costs more than it should.
Can mean foreign "investment" which means we'll be paying tolls to Russia, China, and Saudi Arabia to use our own roads!
Chuckie, in the real world that's called maximizing your investment. Private investors don't have that unlimited pot of other people's money
Chucky people need to stop listening to you until you can talk positive. Never anything coming out of your idiot mouth is positive good god
Now why are we suprised. Said before, say it again. Trump only cares about self then maybe the Billionaire's Club. More so himself.
Just imagine how many construction jobs their will be when he builds the wall.  Wow.
Don't forget @SenSchumer you and @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters had 30yrs to sort USA out but you did nothing.
You now rely on people with no historic memory.
We do not need more government, to many like @SenSchumer who stands around telling those who work how wrong they are. #UseLess
no, it means government can't run anything.  take your terrible health care plan for example.
Private sector usually means greater efficiency and lower costs. That is if the govt stays out of the way.
Jobs job job God bless & protect Pres Trump. All legal immigrants continuesly praying for Pres Trump success  MABUHAY 
Saving money creating jobs that's great. #DemLie bad
you are clueless. Name one thing  the government does well or under budget ??? Just one..
WHAT WOULD YOUR RICH SELF KNOW ABOUT RURAL AREAS
And less pay for those doing the jobs.
Wonder what his and his family's kickbacks will be? Are the Koch brothers in line to benefit?
You're just a partisan embarrassment.Never anything constructive. Only criticism of Reps and their proposals. A disservice to the country.
Organized crime
and lower pay
Could you ever be positive about a Rep proposal? Must you always be partisan? What a disservice to your constituents and the country.
more then you Democrats ever did ..Loser Chuck
Make prison a place to fear, not a place to fatten up, to pay the balance for the crime
Criminalize treason
Remove all federal funding for private prisons
Of course he wants privatization it his buddy's who will get paid BILLIONS not the working class HELL WE CAN EVEN GET GOOD INS. @SenSchumer
You're absolutely stupid..the Private sector creates more jobs than the Govt ever will..
Privatization is good. It's not the government's job to employ ppl. Private sector can get the job done faster with fewer ppl and for less $
We have virtual full employment in Florida don't know what you have in New York
And most likely higher costs for the end user or consumer.
Ranking Membr Homeland Security comm says FEMA infrastructure cuts will leave country vulnerable to terrorist attacks and nat. disasters.
POTUS to cut proven FEMA & law enf. anti-terrorism grant programs that will leave high-risk surface transportation infrastructure vulnerable
And more money for his buddies.
Oh and your plan worked so well in 2008-9!  Shut up Chuck!
What gives.  I understand  POTUS will cut proven FEMA anti-terrorism grant programs and leave high-risk surface infrastructure vulnerable.
Isn't POTUS cutting 4667 million dollars in FEMA grants to states?  HUNDREDS OF IMPORTANT INFRASTRUCTURE jobs lost here!
You couldn't be more wrong.
#privatization is a good thing if promoted by #liberals. Liberals are hypocrites. Retire Chuck and take Nancy with you.
ALWAYS NEGATIVE! ALWAYS OBSTRUCT! @realDonaldTrump is #MAGA Support #TrumpAgenda #AmericaFirst @FoxNews @WashTimes 
Also, it creates a lot more "toll" roads.
Can't wait till the next election whatever you are trying to accomplish you will see what Americans think
You people are so lost
Chuck, fight for infrastructure where people live (Northeast) not bridges to nowhere in MT/ID/WY. Mass transit in the Northeast Corridor sux
And you know this because you know how business works? Or you want to continue being a obstructionist? Don't complain, instead help
Link to your facts, or are you just making stuff up?
Putin will pay for it!! Just like his campaign!!!
#45 is killing our country. Please, #SaveOurDemocracy #SaveOurPlanet #SaveOurHealthcare
And money making
Wow do u ever say something positive about one thing @realDonaldTrump does or compromise ?  U really care bout the peeps or yourself ?
