

No you didn't.

How can you think ANYONE would work with you, the way you flip flop and lie, etc!'
http://100percentfedup.com/wow-senator-grassley-outs-schumer-schifflied-media-even-though-knew-trump-wasnt-investigation-collusion-russians-video/ …
How stupid are you?  Trump is under investigation for obstruction of justice.  That is what special counsel is doing.
It's a Set Up, You need to do more research than just MSM
Call the DoJ at 202-514-2000 select option #4. We need an end to this madness they call an investigation.
You should go on Obamacare and let me know how it is. If it works for you then I'll chant right beside you and support Obamacare.


YOU REALLY DONT CARE! YOU(DEMS) PASSED OBAMA CRAP CARE! NOT REPS! B/C of OC(crap care)Ins,IT NEARLY COST MY OWN SONS LIFE!YOU'RE NOT FOR ALL
Please think about people, go work with Trump, dint put people under the bus just for politic, DO NOT SAY I CHALLANGE Trump
But Schummer just HAS to, he's NOT for the people. He even lied when he said he didn't know Comey said Pres had nothing to do w Russia!
You have no message, no plan, just #Obstruction America is tired of the @dems You are so #outoftouch just like #LiberalJoe @NancyPelosi
In your dreams. Why don't you get serious in participating in a solution. And without pre conditions. You lost the election.

omg
Do you hear yourself?  WE stopped THEM.  You're still making it adversarial. Instead, how about thanking  those who stood against?
HOW ABOUT TELLING THE PEOPLE THAT YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU VOTED TO EXEMPT YOURSELF FROM OBAMA CARE & HAVE TOP INSURANCE COVERAGE YOU PHONY
You probably don't have ACA insurance do you? Ask those that do w/o subsidies how it's working for them. Can't afford/can't use ACA ins.
Stop breathing
yep you stopped us from having healthcare yet again. proving one more time how abjectly evil you truly are. God help us.The aca is a killer
. Schumer has split personality! He says; Let's work together & Lets fight! Which is it?
"Save what care"? Obama care is "NO" care. Chucky stop making a fool of yourself.
U didn't stop a thing All ur false words did nothing The GOP has more responsible sen then any dem They actually care about America
Do your elected job! Save New York! Dont worry about what the President is doing! Are you capable? If not resign.
Schumer is not the problem.  Dems have answers.  GOP does not.
Where are these answers u say they have? Haven't brought them out in public. Maybe in Hillary's bathroom w/server.
I thought you said that you wanted to sit down with republicans to help work things out
Yes we do.  But McConnell won't work across the aisle.  He refuses to.  Epic GOP failure.
. No he doesn't refuse it's just that @SenSchumer sd let's work together BUT you agree to do EVERYTHING we want & very little of what u want

dream on loser
Dude, you tweet more than Trump and all his kids combined. Look, Trump tweets are successful because they r dramatic. U just tweet nonsense
Think of the ppl not yourself. Get off your pity pot and do your job you over grown baby. You probably didn't even read it. Just said no
Great idea, stop the only solutions being suggested while you watch Obamacare crash. Oh by the way the people are getting crushed. Premiums?
It's over happy 4th of July 
You want this country to go to it's destruction,with that Obama care. move to Iran,I'm sure they will like you
Do you work for Putin?
I don't work for putin,
Let's focus on Thurs & Fri. I won't be comfortable til they've all boarded their planes to go home and into hiding from their constituents.
It's all about resisting and nothing about improving. SMH
You fight for us and Trump dies not, u smart, he inhumaine, lier, crook
Schumer must be proud. Resist at all cost. Ignorant.
He CARES and is smart, Trump lies, uneducated , greedy crook
And when it collapses is all on you!
Do not put people under the bus, work with Teump, otherwise the same thing that happened in congress will happen in senat too
Don't flatter yourself you didn't stop anything and you know it!!!
Please do not say, I CHALLENGE, Trump, say please call us we will work with you, health insurance in crucial,
. So good to read a tweet with actual logic & NOT hateful rhetoric. Thank you!
Americans are going to suffer while Dems try to salvage pride from Obamacare while it comes crashing down Repubs will be there to fix things
No your not. U should work threw the summer like all the people who pay your salary.
Yourvan obstructionist and need to ve FIRED. The @GOP don't fix it and don't give any  $ to Ocare let it die, so U KNOW YOU HURT UR OWN PPL
And that is your only reason. Want to save it? Get your precious Schumer and rest, to sign up for it. Serve the ppl.
We, what do you have a mouse in your pocket Chuck. ACA has failed, like it or not. Don't blame someone else for trying to clean up your mess
Get lost!
Medicare for all
we're doomed then. Fix it. Work together and make it better
No you won't because you are not in charge of the Senate. Obamacare is a big failure and Republicans are trying to make Healthcare for all
No.  The ACA has succeeded in states that opted in to federal expansion of Medicaid. Trump care throws 22 million off of health care.
AND WE CAN'T AFFORD IT ANY MORE because of that. Expansion was wrong & killed ACA's effectiveness. Shouldn't have gotten into health ins.
Lol in your dreams chuckles 

Keep resisting as your keeping 300 million

 ppl with out healthcare 

For your stupid lies
That has to be the dumbest thing ever said. Stop them from making health insurance for all. F..king brilliant
Repubs plan kicks 22 million off of health care.  How is that making health care for all?  Do you live in Macedonia?
Half of who didn't want it but were forced to buy it. other half getting subsidies. Stinking expensive! Should never have done ACA at all.
