Covfefe alone can fix it.
Covfefe  (adj.) When something is both diabolical and unintelligent at the same time. As in "That travel ban is cofeve!"
Seems the Supreme Court doesn't hold your view and all of the Justices voted in Trumps favor today. Let's all take a bow for our POTUS.
Do you even know what you're talking about or just regurgitating Brietbart & InfoWars?
You are so ill educated it is scary. Must be fairly new out of college. IE: no common sense.
No, no, and no. But hey! Whatever gets you through the day.
You're absolutely correct
Didn't Obama bail out all those banks and car makers? Maybe that cash could have went to hc or the 400b to Iran or the 2T missing from IRS 
You are right on

#CelebratingA4ThOfYourLiesTrump: Next Stop Impeachment & Jail Time. Sincerely yours, one combat veteran. 
Ad naseum puke
.@SenSchumer's solution is fundamentally bailing out the insurance companies. No wonder he won't fix our hc problems!
He doesn't make enough money to do his job. He's all HOT AIR. ALL TALK NO ACTION. Obviously no brain either.
So tell me Chuckie what was Obama care then?
You need to come up with solutions to fix #ACA give to @SenateMajLdr let him reject and explain why they won't work. #publicoption
AHCA is simply not a health care bill at all - it is nothing but a tax break for the rich.
Prove it. Have you even read it or are you just saying what you hear from others??
You mean the Obumercare that the lying muslim Barack Hussein Obama said keep ur plan keep ur doctor and save money isn't working anymore?
Undo what Obama the idiot did to Healthcare.
so chuck how can my friend afford her epee pen when her deductible is $3000.00 and her obamacare went up 50%
You have been saying the same crap for 30 years
Same old narrative can't you liberal democrats come up with a better lie!
YOU ARE THE SAME AS CNN (CLINTON NEWS NETWORK) STOP YOUR HATRED OF TRUMP AND HIS TRAIN,MAYBE YOU CAN BE REDEEMED IN THE NEXT LIFE
And single payer wont work unless you force every worker to pay for it!
Actually it's about affordable insurance with the mandate removed
Well you SOB tour rich enough to have medical care. Obamacare took ours away. So your complaint falls on deaf ears.
American HC has to be fixed because the Dems broke it with Ocare.
Chuck your statements are false and lacking any original thought! Dems repeat the same nonsense over and over. No one believes you!!
oh, now we have a problem?   Thanks for O'bama care, that clearly is working. How bout solutions instead of the steady stream of hate.
You have been in the Senate for over two decades and still running the same old song... you r #useless #ineffective  need #TermLimits #MAGA
if you'd have done your job under obama shouldn't need fixed in order to get votes from public you lied about Obamacare
cry again for us
Dems created the mess we are in by passing huge tax increases disguised as health care.  Quit crying
You can make a difference or you can be like Schumer and make excuses.
Thank you for fighting for all Americans! It makes me sad Iowa doesn't have senators that will do the same. @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley
Wrong Chuckie.  Be intellectually honest.
AND OF COURSE YOU HAVE THE SOLUTION BUT YOU CANT TELL ANYBODY !!! Right? Or should I say LEFT!
You tried your way and it failed bad!!
What health care problems?  The ACA fixed them.
HINT:  Think something through first then say it before you give GOP an opening
@SenShumer 
HILLARY REDUX
http://sidestreetjournal.blogspot.com/2017/05/hillary-redux.html …
Absolutely
Thank you for the reply, Ms. Long.  Sincerely, Slim.
I need a tax cut. I get a bonus check and HAFT goes to taxes. My hard earned money for MY FAMILY and haft is gone. This is INSANE!!!!!!
Do people still buy this shit?
Tell us how it does this
Should we believe you because you'd never lie??? You don't have to answer anybody with a brain knows that's all you know how to do! Yep 
Please come up with a plan that cam work then
Obomacare is a healthcaregrab for the poor. Why can't we help people find jobs instead of having uncle Chuck give a hand out? Go to work CS.
Remember when Chuck was all about the travel ban? @Scotus ruled today in favor of the ban. He's on wrong side of whats Constitutional again
YEA.  And all justices agreed.
How odd!  YOU and your fellow Dumz passed a bill that destroyed the medical system in the USA to "insure" 7.5 million!  Your lies don't work
GOP broke it?  LOL!  Dumz created it as their first leg in the single payer Marxist stool and it collapsed on its own. Typical, blame others
#Democrats LIE!  Failed #Obamcare was NEVER #Health Insurance! It's a TAX!! #FreeShit For #Democrat Voters is NEVER Free! #Repeal #Democrats
You destroyed our healthcare jackass
ANTI ANTI ANTI. Where are your solutions?  That really does matter.  We are not ALL ignorant beggars looking for a handout. What's the plan?
It may be a tax cut TO ALL but IT ALSO TAKES AWAY MANDATE and PENALTY IF person choices not to pay GOV INS
Won't fix The deadbeats,users,unemployed lazyasses that want us workers take care of them n their offspring u  Chucky
Always the decisive man, playing on people's emotions. Wealthy people provide jobs, we don't need to act like they do nothing.
What HC problem? Obamacare was the fucking miracle that fixed it all right? /s
Huge tax breaks for you and #bankfraudBernie?
You had 7 years to amend Obama care and you did ZERO. The left's time came and went. All over but the cryin', Chuck.
Have your healtcare lobbyist contributions dwindled? Are you concerned.
You have such double standards you and the Democrats left-wing liberal
Obamacare was a DISASTER for people I know. Their deductib& premiums were so high, they couldNOT afford it anymore.Had to pull out
You don't know that and it's not true you're afraid you will lose your and obama kick backs
What are you and your party to help the American people
You worry more about the non working, then you do the working!
We know so put out a Medicare for all healthcare bill and trust "we the people" to fight for our Healthcare!
Why don't you explain to the American people how you came to that assumption senator without lying please?
Aren't the rich lucky u guys just don't get it we had enough of your garbage help with Obamacare that doesn't work
#MAGA
ACA taxed the middle working class 2 death, can't afford your health law. Guess middle class worthless to u. U took my affordable insurance
Trump is only thinking of the health of his bank accounts.   It is time to consider health care a right not a luxury.
Well the rich deserve it
It's time lawmakers had same plan they expect Americans to live with. If you felt our pain you would get off your obstructionist asses & fix
Oh Chucky have you seen Obamacare? Wait I don't know what to believe! It is all about Russia right! We do not believe a word you say
How sad for the Doomocrat Party that it can no longer come up with anything new.  The tired old, worn out century old lies don't work!
Hey chucky baby you've been lying all your life! U knew trump wasn't under investigation but u failed to tell the truth! U lied about Hcare
Shut up and do something than... make a better one
Step down @SenSchumer & let someone who cares about America take your seat. You're an obstructionist with only your own pocket book in mind!
We expect the dems to #Blockade and #Amendments the life out of this bill.  Nothing less is acceptable  #BLOCKTHEVOTE
Hey stupid it does fix the budget, healthcare cost down the road and gets deadbeats of SSI. What is Obamacare doing right now?
I am saddened by the greedy direction this healthcare debate is turning. immoral.  single payer now!
Schumer is lying as usual.
If that's what u truly believe then u shouldn't be in any position anywhere that controls a budget!  You scare me! #BullSchumer #badforusa
The bill has to be passed to know whats in it, Chuck...REMEMBER ??
Chuck, everything's a tax cut to the rich with you.  It gets old.  And unbelievable.  Why don't you guys move on to something new???
Broken record...the rich and everyone is gunna die. No plan that makes 1/2 pay the bills of the other 1/2 will ever work. Resist socialism!
Ok Chuck nice statement but when are you going to truly start getting upset and voice your real concerns about all the atrocities happening
Hang tough!  Send McConnell to the negotiating table.  That should make him sick enough to require medical care himself!
maybe you want get lobbyists money after it passes and we will get good healthcare
Mr Schumer,  Well @potus asked for your input and you refused to help and it's your mess
it was a mess to begin with because GOP stonewalled the 1st time; ALL need to work together to repeal/replace.
All you do is lie...just like your buddies @CNNPolitics
Your "fear mongering" playbook is tired and old...just like your "fake tears"....
No agenda
No message to help Americans
Just fear, hate, violence & we can't forget #Resist. btw..how's that working for ya chuckie?
0-4
Maybe government should stop trying to run everything, you suck at it. Especially since you think taxing people who still can't get is OK.
So what is your plan to fix it? You have none, except continue to tax the crap out of people to fund a plan that you know doesn't work.
Dear Chuck,America doesnt know anymore when u lie/when u don't.U knew Trump was NOT under investigation. R we supposed to trust u now?#clown
Well, they are the only ones paying taxes so any reduction will be a "tax break for the rich".  You sound like a broken record.
No Dem leader has the moral high ground to criticize the GO0 after how Dems went about ObamaCare and how bad it is for America.
Obama Care did not fix our health care problems; spend more time fixing real problems instead of imaginary ones like russian collusion
Wrong. Not perfect, but much better than "we'll know what's in it when we pass it." Stop the lies.
Common sense is to leave to open market to cut spending & more competition & less federal $ so less premiums @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump
Without tax cuts , it would be more federal funds means more tax payer $. OCare is already a trillion $ of budget .  @realDonaldTrump
Trump is doing exactly what the Bush admin did that led to the 2008 financial disaster. The same people who voted GWB voted DJT. $trumpets!
Congress members purchase health insurance through exchanges offered by ACA. However, federal gov subsidizes approx 72% of cost.Do U Care?
Shut up Chucky! You're a liar. Even if it's true no one believes you!
What is your solution Chuck??? You know Obamacare is bleeding money and the exchanges don't work!!!
Too bad you can't get your facts straight! Explain why you and your gang were exempt from ACA! Because it was not good enough for you.
What a shame the Dem Senate Leaders contribution to the American people is to continually repeat old partisan talking points. ZERO benefit!
Chuck we already know that now do something about it. Some leader.
Together with the current 29 million uninsured added with 22 million that will equal 51 million uninsured. Criminal. --Micheal Moore.   1)
Are you going to walk out when they vote?
You had eight years plus hillary's complete waste of millions researching and the outcome is more cost, less care and less choice.
You never addressed the high costs of prescription drugs, deductibles,out of pocket expenses.Losing doctors, or insurance.Why do u care now?
The GOP congress never had any intention of fixing our hc problems, that's why they came up with the HU&DA.
Chuckle, you're too far left me.
Explain #Schmuck, bottom #47+% of people pay no income tax. How can you give a tax break to someone that doesn't pay income taxes?
Fix our healthcare program? Ask WHO broke the program? God Bless.
And Obama Care has?
At least the rich benefit our society as opposed to illegals and sluts having illegitimate after illegitimate all on tax dollars
rotten in the center, u mean like you?
aren't you tired of your lies yet?
Be specific. How and what are the tax breaks for the rich?
Time to resign. 
Unfaithful to your oath and Americans. 
No longer trustworthy to be a leader.

@SenateGOP @SenateDems
Maybe Mr Schumer should look at retirement as a good political move. Being an obstructionist has got to be exhausting for someone your age.
Chucky...there's a huge sale on tissues ...just in case you need to spill this crocodile tears you're so famous for.
You lie lie lie!!! That's what Obamacare did!!
No Schumer it's a new healthcare bill to save the dead Obamacare. GOP is coming to the hateful, violent Democrats rescue!
I have a copy. Haven't finished reading it. Have you read it Chuck? Be honest! Have you?
These bills are just bandaides. Address tort reform. Lawsuits, liability insurance and big pharma. Work together and stop crying.
No one believes anything you say any more you lied to the press and got outed you've lost any credibility you had #DemFail
Take a timeout Chuck. Don't talk about rich when Congress has the best #Healthcare program. Reduce benefits & maybe we'll listen
Well if there were no massive health care then no so called huge tax breaks.
#ACA doesn't work, you say #AHCA won't work. When will you figure out that the Fed Govt shouldn't be in the health insurance business?
What "hc problems"? The ones YOU created?
#TrumpDon'tCare
By rich he means anyone who works for a living
Tax cut to the rich?  Really?  We Americans have become a little too savvy to continue to buy your simplistic "bad rich people" hysteria.
But you created the problem.#Obamacare

Chuck.. worry about NY state it's a freaking mess & property taxes are disgustingly high... oh & I used to have a lot more $ b 4 ObamaCare
Chuck, where is your solution, more federal money? I haven't seen one  Democratic plan yet, what are you waiting for?
@Liberalibrarian Didn't we learn that Mitt Romney pays less than 10% income Tax? The rich already get huge tax breaks! Greedy .
Chuck, talk about all the people that lost their jobs because employers can't afford cost of ACA and cut back on # of employees.
New narrative needed/Out 4 rich/Russia/resist/obstruct #TrumpTrain 5 months winning/ #DNC dying faster than O'Socialist'care/Good mesg moron
WOW - I just heard a conservative talk show host say exactly the same thing... while he was mocking liberals, almost verbatim..hilarious
Nonsense. Stale ungrounded argument. Gives choice back to the people not govt.
Unfortunately can't believe a word any of the politicians say. Waste of time
Aww crying chuck
We seen the bill schumer.   Now encourage others to create a revolution.  and force trump and the GOP to resign.  STOP CRYING.
6.5 million people pay 3.5 BILLION $ in PENALTIES now w Obamacare. Never had before. Will get worse. It guts regular citizens @foxandfriends

You are nothing but a Meatball.. Resign!!
Quit crying.  You voted for Barrie's affordable my ass care.
No longer the Republican Party ....the Immoral Party now
Our tax money is no longer going to give congress a better life than we can have. You r our servants not the other way around
Senator we the ppl demand you and congress all sign up NOW for the aca. You can't have Cadillac insurance while we have pedal car insurance
@GaryCam39584803   Hows Alexander Soros Doing.. Nice to back family that funds Riots. And paid for Protesters. Lying about Trump
Oh poor crybaby Chuckie pooh
Tell us about the illegal activity of the Obama administration. You are up to YOUR eyeballs in swamp water!
What cuts senator ? How much? When? Who's getting cut? Facts now senator stop the lies
But what about Obama knowing about Russia's interference  Let's don't change the subject now try to play look over here Forget over there
Obamacare is a massive health care fraud. If you think it is so great why don't you prove it to us and sign up. No? Didn't think you would
tell us when did you sell your soul. No one with a soul can spew such vile lies and look at himself in a mirror.
CBO said 23 million would lose under obama. They need to get the facts and the bill needs true fixing
BLAH BLAH BLAH Tax breaks for Rich, Killing Poor, Throwing elderly over the cliff, Any other #FakeCriticism oh ya #Racist #Sexist ALL BS!!
How much tax money did u use to prop up the failed ACA? How much for the disaster of a website? Stop obstructing, work WITH republicans.
Hey upchuck come up with some new material of ur own, Ted Kennedy used that, and ur no Ted Kennedy
The rich? You mean the taxpayers? Yes, we get a tax cut. If the Ds adopted fiscal sanity and had our back, you'd be in the White House.
Ur party has bigger issues now. Bunch of dirty lying cheats. Lock her up! LL n HRC.
Awesome Bob??? Murder Jews one way or another???
Can't we follow Australia? @POTUS is down.
End employer healthcare tax deduction / Lift Employer HSA contrib limit to Cadillac Tax level / Medicaid to full subsidy exchange autoenroll
Thank you for fighting for our healthcare
Contrast with the ObamaCare Frankenstein monster that taxed, penalized, and forced the Middle Class off their plans.
Same old crap with you guys! Seems strange there's more rich democrats than republicans here. No one is buying this bull anymore. Lies!
@SenSchumer being the jerk you are you only criticize and do nothing to help why it's because you don't care about us unless it's for you
