Yeah, impeach him for what? Please elaborate.
And you get your "facts" from where?
Why don't you get help for the victims of Sandy that are still without homes, repairs etc. #LiberalHypocrisy
Because they give free collage and protect illegals in a sanctuary city


Like Katrina???

I got no help in sandy chucky
No Sh*t Sherlock...I really don't think they need any "reminders" or prodding from you to do their job.  Guess you are just seeking credit.
Good luck with that
You make 4 million a year at least. Throw you overalls on and go earn it by helping your people. Crying at the podium doesn't do it.
I feel terrible for the flooding victims. upstate and everywhere. How the hell did chuck get elected again? All mouth, no substance.
Yep, everybody knows chucks not gonna get messy.
Who's head of FEMA? Get it ready to respond quickly!
Help me help me help me that is what all Americans been saying for years. You only want to help New York.
Does @fema  even have a properly appointed head?
Brock Long is the new FEMA Director. Has worked for FEMA in the early 2000s Has a lot of Emergency Management experience.
But he was FEMA's hurricane program manager during Katrina. So, I'm not doing cartwheels just yet.
Well he had to answer to someone right?
More government control
PICK YOUR ASS UP AND HELP DORK
@fema needs to save #America from the @DNC
Didn't see your liberal ass out there helping....where are those famous tears?
Chuckles after you obstruct call names now you want those same people to give you $? You have ZERO people skills. Plus a crooked politician
Start with the money MY set aside for free collage and illegals.   Americans TIRED of given sanctuary city money
this asshat can fix it 
Good luck. Trump hasn't even nominated anyone for that position.
No duh. That's what they are there for
Term limits now!
NY can't handle it!  Democrap leadership fed bail us out.
Who's  the head of FEMA??  Certainly not Humpty trumpty!
We still have FEMA????
Trump's FEMA will steal what little people have left and accuse them of being pathetic losers and mooches
"MUST" what are you saying "must be" means nothing without SOLID FACTS.
Guessing it must b N.Y., doesn't care about other states
Cry me a river...
Perhaps I'm getting synical but @realDonaldTrump budget cut funding 2 @fema  & #GlobalWarming a hoax Don't count on aide "It's only weather"
More money Chuck? That's your folks mantra... more more more
And a very likely tropical storm developing in the Atlantic in the next few days. Ironically it will be named "Don". We NEED a FEMA director
Do we even have FEMA?  President whack-a-doo defund them or forget to assign someone to be in charge?
Yes... that's what FEMA does-its their job
what happens without a FEMA director?
Did you discuss it in the Hamptons with ivanka & jared?  

See how that looks?  unseemly... NO NORMALIZING NAZIS.
What happened I didn't see any of this on the news only Trump trump Trump trump tweeted this. So sad the state of the media. Praying for all
We r in the battle of a generation over healthcare for all americans you r too quiet speak NOW loud and clear about ur aca fixes
Give Charlie Gard citizenship so he can travel here to get healthcare
Brock long was appointed and confirmed 2 weeks ago Chuck Schumer even voted for him now he continues to lie and stir the pot
Are you planning a disasters to your state so you can try to get more money to embezzle some of it
You mean he didn't De-Fund FEMA? He didnt hire anyone, so...I just figured, "FEMA meh", would be Donnys stance. Does he know what FEMA is?
Democrats won't approve anyone
Stop even pretending to give a dann. You blocked a bill on human trafficking, but its not your daughter just some poor folks. Very suspect
You disrupting unmasking and Russian hacking investigation. See folks he never really cared at all about hacking just the lie.
Worry about FEMA when we need it you should have alot more to worry about
Was this the topic of conversation at the Hamptons 4th of July party with the Kushners?
like they were with Katrina?
Whats your point!!!!
Doesn't qualify Chucky. Maybe state will help.
Chuckie only thinks of himselfn& votes
Do we still have a FEMA?
.FEMA barely exists under Trump. No director, sharply reduced staff, cut funding.
get yourself a shovel and head out there, set an example.
As a Village of Hoosick Falls Trustee, I thank you for your support and for acknowledging that we matter. Thank you, Senator.
Yes thank you! Wish we could say the same for @NYGovCuomo
There is no @fema head
Because Dems are obstructing Presidents nominees & appointments
Well your President doesn't believe government should help ppl. Trump has ignored FEMA & other agencies but tweets anytime
Thats BS and u know it
Get a shovel and get busy
@realDonaldTrump Treasonous Trump won't let FEMA help he's that sorry
No help for sanctuary cities and states.
Why were you at a GOP party with Soros and others?
Ok I see the need - has there been a request that was denied? Can you elaborate on what's keeping FEMA from being ready now with Long?
You still haven't straightened out the mess from Sandy.
NY can use welfare money. Or stick a sail up your a$$, U will enjoy it but you can be your own lil rescue boat. Now where is Capt Quasicuomo
You must be a genius. You come up with that yourself or did someone help you.
I hope the Trump Administration isn't planning on cold, uncaring, New Orleans type disaster responses to current & future natural disasters!
You know, George Bush/Katrina type Response!
U need to package ur ACA fixes in soundbites trumpfolk understand start selling them loudly ASAP before its too late keep ur eyes on the bal
ACA is dead how do you fix a corpse
If the ACA is dead, then why are more people signing up for it the last 12 months?
Because they're penalized if they don't seriously did you just say that
That's false . The penalty is less than your insurance payments if you really don't want insurance. Try again
You clearly don't know what you're talking about Tommy Boy oh and by the way the 25 million are people that don't want Obamacare
Are you sure you wouldn't rather obstruct here too my Crying Eyes?  
Chuck Schumer you need to be removed from office for this this is bullshit and you know it cannot wait for 2018
Is there even a FEMA director?
Brock Long is the FEMA Director.  Knows agency and worked for FEMA in early 2000s
