I lived in Erie county for 5 years..... this is the FIRST time I ever heard you say anything about Western NY. Oh wait... election time...
GET TO WORK
We get so tired of your crying!
What? He is being realistic and speaking truths
Check your facts. EPA only offers low interest loans for Niagara County Brownfields. The EPA does not physically clean.
Ok. I will. However, I highly respect Schumer and what he stands for
Schumer is  great Senator, I will admit. 
I dislike him because his “give them something for nothing” always costs me money.
I see.
Hello, I am here to ask for your vote for the Senate seat for @Californiaas we need better that @NancyPelosi I offer this and more
And what are you doing to fight the CPP rollback?
You are right, they do deserve better. Maybe they will elect somebody better next election!
"The residents deserve better."
Apparently not. They keep voting for you.
i thought prostitution was a profession, pretty sure he gave weinstein a bj for donations
Maybe we should clean up the radioactive waste in the oval office first
trump already did that!

rope a DOPE ali
Cut Pruitt off! Demand the travel money back!!! Send him home!!!
@SenSchumer and you must do something to ensure that happens other than post a tweet once in a while
EPA now exists to enable coal, oil company malfeasance. Surely you don't think corrupt people like Trump & Pruitt will actually help people.
Corrupt? And your Proof is  where ? Show the world .  Waiting. Still waiting


Send in Harvey Weinstein, he needs a job. Maybe you should return his donations so he has money to live on.
The voters need to clean up the WASTE IN CONGRESS,  namely Schumer & pelosi!

Good luck with that

We deserve a better Sen fm NY. NOBODY WANTS AN OBSTRUCTIONIST. HIPOCRITES. ALL OF YOU ON BOTH SIDES. SWAMP GAS
Than you, you mean, right.

Do you have any role in governing?  Any influence?
Yes they do. EPA does essential work and should be strengthened.
hey chuck harvey coming over for dinner? naybe he'll give you some doe for silence.
Thank you for looking out for Western NY.

How about you live up to your sworn duty and protect the constitution / U.S. Citizens... resist is a failure
Ur side has lost over 1100 seats in 1 yr-We want Illegals gone, We want the Wall, We want OC gone & We want Tax Reform. Do it or Lose. Again
And what exactly has taken so long under your watch? It’s your constituents and you’ve sat on your hands for decades. Now it’s an issue?
Thank you Chuck!
Dems need a progressive plan to show coal people a different way:solar, wind. That’s where the jobs are.
Yea they deserve a better senator to #CHUCKY
So Chucky what have you done about it over the past 8 years?
Jackass!
Absolutely deserve better so when can we expect ur retirement so they will get someone of honor integrity that will represent them
.Then get her done Schumer!
Chancy, isn't Niagara County in your state?  Taxes and the spending policies of NY politicians should not B the responsibility of all states

GOP are Russian stooges bent on undoing all Pres Obama laws, EOs, rules & refs! Dems need to organize a national revolt to change things!

Then do something
As you.must be live up to what ever it is you suppose

You've got bigger problems than Crying Chuck. Better start figuring out how to work with Trump. Patience has about run out on dem side.
We all deserve better. When will all this pain stop. When this administration has destroyed us all
Definitely agree that the people deserve better. You and dementia pelosi need to leave the building
Crying Chuck.  Who is responsible for the waste when one peels back the onion? Why not cleaned up during obama administration?
Why they cleaned up nothing under Obama but cleaned out the budget money
TRY CLEANING UP THE HUDSON RIVER. SINCE ALBANY & WESTCHESTER PUT RAW SEWAGE IN IT. NOT TO MENTION A CHEMICAL SPILL FROM THE NEW BRIDGE
Work with the other side of the isle
Then move somewhere else, Chucky!
EPA is deregulating Obama  coal factory emissions ruling These 2 punks want us to choke on the now unregulated pollution.Oath? TO PROTECT!
EPA missed the 10/1 deadline for declaring which parts of the US have the most dangerous pollution problems. Trump rescinded Opioid Decl.
Should they clean up Washington waste too?
Unless the radioactive wastes got there in the last 8 months I have to ask why Obama didn't get it cleaned up. Or didn't you mention it?
Do u love or care about us at all?
EPA is now defunct
What can I say? Chuckie accepted big check from rapist Harvey Weinstein.
Not pruitt and fatso. No money for them
Now here's some waste that needs to be cleaned up Chuck
Under Obama YOU allowed EPA 2 change mission from #AmericaFirst to #ClimateChange. Your constituents deserved better. #MAGA #Flint #GoldKing
Well don't ask @EPAScottPruitt to help... Trump Administration doesn't care and will do nothing but Mass Destruction to our Environment!
You do realize that Trump is POTUS for less than 10 months & dems have ruled over this county dems rule NY
good luck with that!
This EPA, what an abuser he is, in thought and deed.
Funny u say u care but u dont act like it cus u won't do ur job n get something done in wash. Do ur god dam job n stop holdn country hostage
The @EPA should be shutdown as unconstitutional, and so should many other Federal Agencies.
@TenthAmendment 
@TPPatriots
You allowed it to be placed there didn't you?
They can put the stuff In your bigass backyard ...
Well played phony...Chuck has sat on his ass for years failing taxpayers again..only now he's taking an interest. Hebrew Home is ready
if they deserve better let's start with your resignation ole chuckeee
The waste has been there since 1942. I agree Dept. of Energy, EPA and NY State need to clean it up. Is it a big issue today? Nope.
And this whole country deserves a hell of a lot better than you Chuckles. Lots on piss and wine short on results. That's what your about
What did you do about it for the last 10+ years? Let me guess, NOTHING
NY has created another mess and now wants all citizens to pay to clean it up for Democratic leadership
Where the hell were they the last 9 years, Chuckie?  Where was your outrage when Obama was in charge, Chuckie?  HYPOCRITE!   TERM LIMITS
What r u doing with Weinstein’s money Chuckles???? Bahahaha
Oh no, tell me it isn't so! You care about residents? I'm assuming they're legal, right? With you, one never knows.
What has the state done to help in this matter?
Sen. Schumer, keep calm and wear your pink hat.
Vote him out. Get rid of all the elites
How about flint water
And who said they would not? Never miss a opportunity to put yourself in the news. You are so predictable!
I don't see. Guck Schumer donning a class 1 hazmat suit. We all know he hates manual labor
You had 8 years Chuck. Give it a rest. Shut up Chuck u.
@SenGillibrand Help us #stopcpv next Environmental #sacrificezone in NYs! We need yr voices! Sue #trumpsFERC 4 state's rights 2 H2O permits
Why not use some if your ill gotten booty?
Ok Mr. Schumer, pruitt just announced repealing regs on coal. Hello ADK acid rain will be back. Do something. Coal isn't clean.
It's just a hand out for Chuck u.
you think upstate NY is the only place that needs cleanup?
You are the leader of the Democrats & have made it their mission to block this Presidents agenda but you expect him to move on your needs
We deserve better than you as a senator! #RESIGN
How long have you been the Senator??  You were so during the Obama terms correct?  No blame there, huh??
Residents can't live through another Love Canal!
Are you giving Weinstein contrubutions back?
What this wasn't fixed under Obama? Or the decades you have been in congress?
When can investigations for dereliction of duty begin? Do voters have no recourse against those who betray their oaths of office?
Better said than myself Thank You
I thank YOU!   
Keep 'em coming!
That will never happen with current administration.
That's not are problem Chuck! AMERICA FIRST dumass. Always wastein are tax dollars!  Your slogan should be screw America.
Yeah chuck. So we can PAY MORE  Worry about OUR  country thats what your job is. remember you clown
Hey you wanted Obama, and you got what you wanted so quite complaining on how his EPA preformed, YOUR FAULT CHUCKY
Let New Yorkers pay for the cleanup. Not our tax dollars
So do the people of St. Louis who are dealing with Manhattan project radioactive waste @Westlakelandfil
The Times of using epa as a court is over
well then why wasn't it done under 8 years of Dems.. now everything id Trumps fault
So do your constituents.
Looks like @EPAScottPruitt doesn’t know what “protection” means. Or “environment”, really.
.@SenSchumer is the first radioactive relic that needs to be cleaned out!
I don't think the trump supporters care if ppl are contaminated with nuclear waste, as long as it isn't them they have no problems
Oh really then they would have to get rid of you!!!
Dear @SenSchumer @EPA 
Citizens have put this Sign on our Country & Government better Respect It. 
How about cleaning up the radioactive waste in the White House!
Sounds like a NY State issue.
Trump does does not believe in climate change: Why would he believe in the EPA making the environment better?
Amazing! Did it just appear in the past 9 months. Democrats are finding all these things wrong all of a sudden.  It's your mess clean it!
Exactly/ democrats one hell of a corrupt party, vote them out
Get 'em Chuck! Don't let this administration undo all of the progress we've made on behalf of the environment. There's still much to be done
Pruitt will prob send more rad waste to Niagara.  He is the personification of environmental evil.  How did this happen?
"The residents deserve better."  So do the people of NYS.  #TermLimits #cuckschumer #cuckyschumer
yes. and what about this?
They do deserve better, but they’re going to get a glow-in-the-dark landscape instead.  Pruitt must go for the EPA to fulfill its charter.
Why isn't this cleaned up after 8 years? More proof libs don't think
More grandstanding.
Trumpkins want that. The sooner the cancer get them the better! #maga ! #winning !
Crying Chuck 
Let me get this right: Taxpayers are now paying #Trump appointees to prevent the precautions that keep citizens from environmental dangers?
You're expecting cleanup from @ScottPruittOK ? Boy are you gonna be disappointed. He'd bury nuclear waste in a high school football field.
And CHUCKEY, New York voters deserve BETTER than YOU!
So says Putin/Trumpbot...
Most of America (Dems Lost 1100 Seats in Last Year) want the Wall, Illegals Gone, OC Gone & Taxes cut. You're on the losing side.
Hell will freeze over before Pruitt cares about the planet
I believe all you do now is complain.. where was this for the past 8 years?
@EPAScottPruitt is 2 busy destroying the EPA to look at these radioactive nonsense
They are on the verge of repealing Obama's national carbon emission policy and you're being provincial about Niagara County????
The residents do deserve better, unfortunately it's not a LIAR like you. TELL THE TRUTH!
If we deserve better then you should resign! Get out of the way.. of making America great again.....
the USA deserves better than the faux EPA that have been put in charge of the EPA.
Hope they do better for the people of Niagara County then they did for the folks in Colorado.
We still have an EPA ?
Chuckster Congress must live up to its mission and serve the citizens of the USA.  The citizens of this country deserve better
Remember when "Nuclear power will be too cheap to meter"?   Remind  the executives responsible for Fukushima and Chernobyl. And the dead.
NY deserves better than you .... so
Congress must live up to its mission! Opioids 5K deaths/month, no action. 150 million citizens hacked due to Equifax, No action
Chucky.....had to change topic so he didn't have to answer real questions..look over here !
What does this even mean? What topic does he need to change the subject of?
When we get corrupt GOP out of office. It will take honest votes on both sides.
hey shuck,,,your a p o s.
Did you forget the idiot who's in the White House? You need to get rid of him first.
CHUCK, quit diverting monies from this project to your SLUSH FUNDS which you & your cronies benefit from. TELL THE TRUTH!
No new nuclear power plants should ever be built until the current mountain of nuclear waste can be recycled into something harmless.
They are under Trump control, they don't care what's best for citizen's safety, health and well-being.
Thats so STUPID!
Judging from your feed, you are having "feels" about my disdain for your leader. Too bad, go cry somewhere else.. like Fox news or something
It's you that are still crying like spoiled little kids because you losted. Just keep watching you FAKE NEWS Channel's to help u get over it
Losted? JFC Cletus, you went to school right?
Trump University, and he didn't get a refund
The EPA must also stay the course w/ Obamas clean energy act. Not roll it back. EPA head is corrupt and must go!
So, now Trump will order all US radioactive waste to be delivered to Niagara County. #amiright
NY deserves better, you should retire
Do you ever fix any problems or just complain  about them ? please for once do the right thing and stop crying about everything and work ‘
#Trump & his cabal longing for end of days. Should be reminded they can't take their gold or gold plated lives with them. Evil to a man.
Hanford, WA storage facility is a national embarrassment that needs modern technology to remove that mess.  Too close to the Columbia River.
ALT-LEFT WACKO DEMOCRAT
Good thing we have coal fired energy plants, they do not spew radioactive waste ! Thanks to POTUS
Pig for the good of Chuck
What the heck has taken you so long why hasn't it been done in last 8 years what was YOUR PARTY DOING GOLFING and wasting money on trips
Good idea, the EPA should be focused almost completely on nuclear waste & pollution cleanup at atom bomb factories in various states.
Niagara problem over 30+ years and you still didn't fix it. Now you reopen this just because.
They won’t!
Don't let us down Chuck!
Chuck has let you down all the years he's been in office. WAKE up!
We are awake.  Chuck can do better. We all can. You cannot believe this is good policy? Pls provide science that says burning coal is cool.
Newsflash Senator- the @EPA isn't living up to *any* of its missions!  It's literally destroying our environment!  SOS
No, Vlad the Russian operative is doing that himself. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #trumprussia
No, I think this is fake. But hay I'll play along. How?
