we didn't elect the ever delusional @realDonaldTrump a technicality did, he will foolishly spend taxpayer $$ & tilt at windmills, SAVE US!
Actually Ditzzee, you did elect Trump the same way the last 44 Presidents were elected!
no, I didn't the electoral college did @realDonaldTrump wanted to get rid of EC but you feel free to believe whatever ,seen the news lately?
Yes I have seen the news Market is up, jobs are  up. Immigration and refugees entering the US illegally are down.
again....wait for that other shoe to drop....hold da phone.....
please resign now
So you refuse to do your job & blackmailing the GOP holding me as hostage? #srewyouchuck
Way to be the obstructionist party Chuck! You are becoming the laughing stock of America!
Good Luck with that. 2018 is looking pretty sad for you nit wits! 
Sessions & Rosenstein need to testify under oath.
When Clinton does
Mr Schumer. There is no need. Comey did a bad job and the president can fire him. Be afraid of the new one. He may dig up Dems downfall.
Very important; keep the heat on.
Get To The Bottom of this! Pleeeeease!
Chuck lives in the bottom
Please! He is at the top of getting to the truth of this Hot Mess!
Sessions must be dismissed for good. He did not recuse himself, ever!!
Tissue time for u babies
Mr. Schumer ,You are a SENATOR,you know the Seriousness our Countrys in. INDependent INVestigators ASAP!  PPL NEED AND WANT ANSWERS !
There is NO proof
I understand that you Republicans like Trump and that is your right, but Why wouldn't you want to understand Trumps dealings with Russia?
Quit wasting tax payers money on your B.S. Get the hell out of D.C. Creep
Odd that McGahan this new acting director told Oriebus he had nothing to worry about; then they sack his boss and give him the job
And what if they have something on Rosenstein? They know they have him in their pocket
GOP must open an independent investigation of this administration Donald Trump must release his tax returns immediately
Trump+Russia=Treason
Too much sun for u
The only laughing stock of AMERICA is the one and the only    "DONNY BOY"  !!  EXCEPT HE REALY ISN'T FUNNY, HE'S PATHETIC!
That's PRESIDENT TRUMP
Get angry and get trump out of there
Blah blah blah
Shut em down Chuck!
Isn't it time you fing grew up and stop acting like a spoiled child. Boohoo I can't vote yes because I am so disappointed!
Get u r tissues Chucky
you dumb Dems just keep digging, just can't get enough pie in the face, with your stupidity!!! Caught with your paints down!!!!
cant wait to see sessions the keebler elf go.
Start putting your constituents ahead of yourself and your party!

He only thinks he's the top dem. Those people will lose their jobs & minds in 2018. Every Dem I know is Disgusted with Liberal tactics. 
Russia to Schumer is like Benghazi was to the Republicans.  The only difference is that our soldiers died at Benghazi. Benghazi was real
Read Dereliction of Duty by Patterson, continued under president Bush, Obama and the jury is out on President Trump, too early to tell.
Use every power that the Democrats have to obstruct further significant appointments or actions by Trump! His election tainted by Russia.
Haha no power at all
Agree but voted no? The American people voted Trump run stop squabbling over "he said she said" and get to business please. We are over this
Thank you Senator Schumer.
For nothing
Democrats need to agree on Special Prosecutor for Susan Rice - Loretta Lynch and HRC -they are the real criminals - we support @POTUS
Dems should halt the entire agenda of this Russian puppet. When this story is over, there will be craters in our government.
Solutions begin with open dialogue. Open dialogue does not happen when conditions are placed. Time for bipartisanship
Are you kidding me.  You are not participating in bettering the country because of spite?
Quit playing politics crying chuckie. Can't wait til you get voted out! Do is all a favor and get term limits voted for!
Blackmailing the public. Classy.

That's good Chuck, but out of spite u voted no. I remember when my child did something like that because she was mad. Time 2 grow up CS!

And the nonsense continues. Democrats still don't get it.
So you did not follow your convictions because Udisagree with something POTUS did &had the right to do &requested him to do? U r not well go
And who made you the President
You do not speak for me
American citizens are still waiting for one proof of evidence on Russian collusion. We hear crickets...Just your loud barks, empty rethoric.
Completely irrational.
, keep it up. No, no and NO. Special prosecutor, yes, and all else NO.
So, you voted against something you do agree with because something you don't like happened?  That's not in America's best interest.
The ppl voted for you to work for the ppl. This is just another BS excuse to obstruct.
You have no message and all you do is obstruction and hurt Americans!  Fake crying won't get you anywhere!
Shumer just admitted he voted no on a bill he agreed witj with just because of commy firing
@greggutfeld  Chucky The Next Time We Ask for Toilet Paper You Can Roll Out. Your Are PatheticRidiculous And Feebly Transparent Bad DNA SAD
You don't get to make demands Chuckie.  Drop dead!
Schumer is bad for this country.  Vote out of office
losers have no power,you're a loser,we just keep winning we're getting tired only 4mn in,MAGA can't be stopped
You're in no position to make demands Clown.
Ain't goin happen I bet
Chuck will not be back after this term .
You guys are destroying America for what your pride and ego
You are a partisan hack. The divide in the country will never close if you keep playing these games Chuck
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @STEPHENMILLERAL @4US_WORKERS CS-U SHOULD BE LOCKED UP JUST FOR IGNORING HUNDS OF THOUS AMERS TRAINING FOREIGN RPLMTS!!
Hey Libatartds did you see the How much money the Fed saved the month of April? Of course you didn't Clinton News Network didn't report it
You are simply an obstructionist.
Does that mean more obstruction?
Just another bullshit excuse to obstruct and delay. Once again much made about nothing by assholes still angry they lost.
Yes - steadfast Chuck!
So you vote no out of spite?  You are an impudent child. Your conference should be ashamed of you.
So ur not doing what is right for the ppl in order to make a political statement. Got it
So you voted no because you got ur feelings hurt?  That is ur excuse?   U should step down for admitting it.  #Pathetic.
#crybabyschumer
More hostages from the obstructionist party. Everything can't be a crisis. You are waving your arms so much that it is no longer effective
AETNA screw Obamacare
How does one relate to the other? So, don't get your way, pout and screw American workers
Work on the budget dude...
GOP doesn't have to do anything because the minority says so!
You should've instructed all Dems to do the same. Grind the Senate to a halt until we get an independent investigation
Yeah should have not spent 1.1 trillion just to keep government going till September. Your right shut it down healthcare too!
So you hurt Americans because you are upset the guy you wanted fired was fired?
Obstructionism at its finest. Way to not do your job Chucky.
So u agree but voted no bc the GOP has not bowed to your wishes. So party is more important than us. Why have an Intel Committee?
Wa wa wa. Stop your crying.
Thx this is the right approach. No biz as usual until this issue crucial to our nat'l security and democratic integrity is resolved.
Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie, your " I will hold my breath n stomp my feet til u do what I want" aint going to work.  Americans see u 4 what u r.
Statute of Limitations still apply. HILLARY GOING TO BE PROSECUTED, ALONG WITH CLINTON FOUNDATION. ALSO, HOLDER FOR F&F. ARE DEMOCRATS SAFE?
Am I reading this right?
You turned a YES to a NO out of spite? 

I must be reading that wrong.
That would be too too childish.
Your going to vote no on everything and you know that
Dems are corrupt obstructionists. American People continue to hold them accountable 2018 I guess losing 1000 seats not enough to teach them.
This Cover Up Involving Loretta Lynch Just Got More Serious http://www.americanpatriotdaily.com/latest/cover-up-loretta-lynch/ …
Shame on you Chucky, constantly inferring you DON'T trust your own democratic colleagues who sit on the Senate Intel committee!!
King Trump, U said our system is rigged and ur actions proves it on daily bases!! Go to Russia & keep our country clean.
That's mature
Disgusting
You democrats are the childish people.
You should not agree on something and vote know on the issue because of something else that happen we need to get your a** out of there too
How can anyone trust anything you say cause you change your opinion to suit your own agenda
You employed the same lame strategy on Supreme Court nominee. Be an adult,realize you don't always get your . Doesn't make other side evil.
Identify Even One person,you know,talked to,heard from,even heard about, that changed their vote due to russian influence?
#resisthecharade
And don't say Bernie Sanders Bernie changed his votes because the DNC cheated him.
Are you going to cry ?
Fillibuster everything the McConnell-Ryan-Trump cartel wants. Everything. At least thru the 2018 election!
Its official. Schumer put his bias of @realDonaldTrump before the best interests of the US @FoxNews @ABC @NBC @MSNBC @CNBC
Quit crying Schumer and change your diapers. You stink.
#Trumprussia #Impeactrump
The more you talk the more you expose yourself as a hypocrite .
Thank you!!
This is what's wrong when you let adolescents play in the Senate. Chuck take your toys and go home. Liberal snowflake baby!
What does one have to do with another?
.@SenSchumer "Agree w Nom Lighthizer on trade" Gross
You wanted him fired a week ago you dirtbag.
So, you're going to pout again?Even though you agree?Are you going to pout every time you don't get your way?Go stand in the corner.
But you agree with the Iran and Obama Russia deal
It was all OK until a man with balls took the office
So it was ok for HRC to coordinate meddling efforts in Russian elections in 2011?  Russians retaliated/ no evidence Trump campaign involved.
Democrats are now called 'The Corrupt Party' Wonder where she got the idea
BREAKING NEWS: Former Rep. Corrine Brown, D-Fla., found guilty of fraudulently taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from sham charity. 
Hopefully Maxine is next!
What you did Schumer just proves how much of a horrible senator you are can't wait to vote you out on the next election
Once again u have revealed to us why Washington is broken. u r acting like a brat who doesn't get his way. Shame on you!
He was confirmed without your vote. You lose yet again
Nothing but obstruction from you Dems. Never for the American people-always party 1st! We won't forget! This is why you keep losing!
Dems are not for us citizens!
YOU ARE THE NEXT ONE THAT NEEDS TO GO! Your a waste of taxpayers money!
Keep resisting and don't give in.
Crybaby Schumer does not call the shots, does he not realize he is not significant, he is the MINORITY leader.

Developing: FBI confirms agents are executing a search warrant at the office of GOP Fundraiser/Consulting firm in Annapolis
That's not a good reason not to vote for a good candidate.PLEASE!Stop your childish behavior.WHY did I ever vote for you?You're childish!
Obstruct obstruct obstruct until this mess is fully and independently addressed
The GOP doesn't have to listen to anything you say. So shut it.
Blackmail that is criminal.
Yes but there are 2 Republicans that are against his confirmation. You can't take the credit holding up his confirmation for your reasons
Fight!
To what end? These people do not answer to you. On behalf of the American people, do your job.
MINORITY leader
MINORITY leader
MINORITY leader
=
a very small non-influential voice 
SCREAMING INTO THE DARKNESS OF CHAOS 

oh well
When will you learn that the GOP doesn't have to do anything you say.  You are in the minority.  Just sit there and take it.
SHUT DOWN THE SENATE AND STOP GIVING EXPLANATIONS!!
"Must"
Thank you.
Chuck Schumer has no integrity & once criticized Comey's "integrity". Now he's playing the role of drama queen & inciter @realDonaldTrump
All because he is still crying because his lover Hillary lost and her dollar store is not getting the money for them to spend
so if something good you still don't vote for it because you want a meeting on something different? Why people don't trust politicians.
Thank you chuck
Stand our ground till independent investigation
Typical Democratic ahole.  Not only bitches about something he agrees with, but votes against it too!  I feel so sorry for New York.
What a Bunch of Democratic losers. You can run but you can not hide. 2018 and Then 2020. Then your gone.
Your approach is wrong. Bargain in good faith!
please keep this up! The more y'all do the more courruption comes out!Obama will be exposed!
NO
So you say you suffer from O.D.D.? Oppositional defiance disorder is now a mental illness. Used to be just called spoiled brat.
But he is misleading people. 2 Republicans senators are voting against his confirmation.
must they?
Exactly. We need @SenateDems to oppose, obstruct and refuse to cooperate until they agree to independent investigation.
I dependent investigation is illegal since 1999
Explain.
So you are playing take my ball and go home. U with that statement have admitted U have violated your oath as a US Senator. @SenateGOP
You are completely unprofessional. An embarrassment. Would be funny if it weren't so pathetic
What a bogus excuse!
So what you're saying is, again you did nothing to help the American people. Another day of pay with no results.
Schummer you are obstructing and trying to destroy America!  Step down!!
You are blocking progress and acting like a child throwing a temper tantrum!  Do your job or get out of our Congress.

Sessions is a HATEFUL OLD SYCOPHANT that is sticking gum in the works. How does someone recuse himself then get involved. UNLAWFUL ACTS!
And a special prosecutor! Repugs, how does it feel? Don't be hypocrits cuz u blocked Obama on EVERYTHING!  GOOSE/GANDER!
So "Fuckin' Chuck" Schumer says Lighthizer is best for the American people but sabotages US workers b/c his panties are in a wad

Treasonous
That pretty much sums it up.
They're in charge.  They don't have to agree to meet with anyone.  Dems. have no say.  Now -- PLEASE stop tweeting so much!


Only one "edit" to your tweet.  "must" should be "MUST." Thank you.
Ur divisive hate talk shows u to be a fool like hillary
Good! Republicans need to know there are much more serious things afoot then their agenda. Democracy at stake.
As your constituent, I'm sick&tired of watching you carry on while my family going broke on Obamacare DO YOUR JOB OR STEP ASIDE
agree!! But he doesn't care
We the people and constituents have to start making them care. Term limits would solve alot of problems
my district continues to vote for Louise Slaughter year after year. Mindless democratic voters that just vote party
Term limits puts an end to mindless voting . As  legal immigrant, I believe America deserves thoughtful voting.
