No escuches al idiota Schmucky Schumer. Él no se preocupa por ti, pero realmente quiere tu voto. Schmucky solo espera que limpies sus baños.
https://twitter.com/justicedems/status/859970857191571456 … #BernieCare #UnidosConBernie #HR676 #SB562
Fight against #AHCA. Fight for #MedicareForAll. 
Oh Chuck, eres realmente un maldito.
Y tus tambien. Tu  el jefe. Silencio pobrecito. Va a ir yVenezuela o Saudi Arabia y prepare 72 virgins por tu cassieo con los Chiquita?

Hey Chuck speak English it's our language here in America ass kissing and Democrat
Think a bit  and freak out when you realize that #GOP will probrably get 60 senate seats in the next election.
SHUT UP
Thus is AMERICA, English please.
Stop pandering Chuck!
No habla
Chuck let me remind you that this is America and we shold all understand ENGLISH.
And Damm go to MEXICO if you want to speak #spanish .
we are in America, English first please, America first please.
todos latinos no son DEMONcrats, menso
I don't think u said it like that
Hey Chunky taco Make America Great Again we speak English here

Voices of liberation,

can't be silenced,…
God is real.  Quran 19 mathematical miracle.  Google it.  God knows what you are thinking.
Schumer you're in the wrong country. English spoken here
If you can't read English,,your not a citizen , therefore you shouldn't be on our HEAlthcare system .
And in your particular case, if you can't write coherent English what will be your penance? LMAO
Idiots y Schumer
And they will not vote in a Dem next time all GOP as now will be able to afford insurance
Speak english chuckie
You are full of nonsense.  Stop lying to Latinos and Americans!  The demorats are seeing defeat-- sweet!!!
Esta votación fue 100% lo correcto. On the flip side, state legislatures will hold power and will be accountable to the people, #alwaysgood
God is real.  Quran 19 mathematical miracle.  Google it.  God knows what you are thinking.  Islam is the truth.  Ask God.
Just like the DNC continues to lose elections since ramming ACA thru. If you like your plan & Dr you can keep your plan & Dr #tcot
Ni a los demócratas que votaron con ellos
No dejes que los demócratas te mientan - hay muchas capas de protección para la cobertura pre existente #MAGA @latinos4Trump
Este es un dia triste para todas personas
El fallido experimento liberal de Obamacare está muerto. Viva el AHCA
Yes -- with this vote, Trump has just won the White House for 2020! I'm just say'n, Chuckles.  #MAGA

Senator Schumer just hates the average working man; we need to remove him from office as soon as possible; he is bad for NY; bad for USA
Hay que recordarle a cada persona, a cada votante, lo que hicieron los republicanos contra la salud y el cuido de millones de personas.
Wasaaaaa
Preparate para tomar el mando en 2018 en ambos, el senado y la casa de representsntes Senador!
yes we will vote to Keep them in office!!!! Vote Chuck Out! he cares more about Dems then Americans
healthcare exchanges are failing.
Wrong and nothing but lies.
I am sorry, but you got it all wrong. This is RACISM in its purer form. @GOP cannot stand that a black guy passed a popular protective law!
If U R a patriotic American why R U not doing whats best 4 the ppl Not Dems Or GOP but Americans. I haven't seen anything positive from YOU
You're going to get replaced Chuck you did nothing and  you've been doing nothing you and Pelosi both soon we can say goodbye to you
@LordBaelish643 I was just thinking the same thing... We Latinos see right through his bull crap... NOT NO MORE SCHUMER... RETIRE....
Grab em by the primary

Yes we the American People don't forget !!! 2018 lets get the Republicans out!!!
Unbelievable. Unfollowing.
Gracias
Experience from how the Dems were held accountable for Obamacare, LOST the House, Senate and Presidency. 
We're fixing that you lying dog
Speak English bitcchh
Great chucky moving to Mexico
This happened bc you dragged your feet on fixing Obamacare.. Don't blame others for your mistakes. Elections have consequences.. GTFOH..
He's going after those latino voters hard
You KNOW they're not going to read anything in Spanish ... we could use it as code.
Ohhh No! Se lo vamos a cobrar! 2018 is coming!
