Keep on rocking in the free world. #Trump   words music to my ears.
Cucks stick together, eh Schumey?
Scratch my back I scratch yours?
Get urs while u still can?
#MAGA 
Pull the Schumer plug/drain the swamp
@POTUS #JustSayNO to corrupt, elitists Hollywood DemocRATS!
Well, you should have quite a collection of music then after 8 YEARS of Trump Presidency, Chucky! Suck it up Snowflake!
Not interested!

LOL. I love you man!
I'm so glad you agreed to work with Trump if he comes around to your thinking.

the other side can come up with songs and such supporting Trump so whats the point other then fighting and we the people are in the middle
see this is what's wrong, all you care about is attacking Trump no matter what, this wasn't done with Obama he was given a chance
LOFL change your name to #PropagandaPoleSmoker or #PropagandaDeepInYourMouth how about #ChuckDontGiveAfuckAboutAmericans
Unhinged limousine libs that have nothing to do. Workers know the real story and how the libs have failed them!
Glad you have time to pick out music instead of doing your job.
Hey chuckie! Keep up the great work! Trump will have super majorities and IVANKA will get 8 after daddy's done with his eight! TY #whcd2017
time to resign  or retire
Nice use of tax payers dollars.
Shameful the way U disrespect President of the United States at every level, then turn around + say President is mean spirited! Hypocrite
Will @springsteen be donating the profits from "Born in the USA" to the illegal immigrant legal fund? Doubtful.
Sing with me ... Chuckie lay off the Botox, cuz pretty soon your head will be filled with rocks, more than it already is!
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/858742017521631232 …
all you do is show up on some TV news show..to say i will not work with Trump..resign..people of NY not bright enough to vote you out
screaming Schumer..everytime I hear his voice I have to turn off what he is on...all he does scream & attack US voters..
Love you @SenSchumer --balm for my soul. Love your taste in music.
lol.. very good :)   we survived 8yrs of Days like This.. ya'll will survive too.
it goes faster if you dont fight all the way there.
foolish... insuts all you're left with
Senator, you are also going down a dark path. You are also embarrassing to listen to.
---They are all dirt bags and not worth listening to.
By the way love those 2 .00 dollar reading glasses hanging off that big nose,makes you look so distinguished......NOT
Piss off Springsteen
One has to wonder if you would be such a schmuck if you weren't beat up everyday for your lunch money.
Cocaine!
Was disappointed to find out that @skyjelly is not on it
Hopefully next time....
Here's another one to add to your @spotify playlist by @SamiGrisafe : spotify:track:3oxlEcDAfHPqbVt5LPmDmF
Here's some more for your playlist
The Fool On The Hill - The Beatles 
Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before - The Smiths

Chuck Schumer is a disgusting hack; no slight is too small for this pathetic fool. http://fb.me/16yMuWSha 
It is a good idea. Humor and Music --Fool Me Once by B.B. King https://open.spotify.com/track/6hP2KcPW9McmjMbjZLVnxV … 
You promote Spotify since Cuomo gave them 12 million tax break and you do nothing for the people you represent! Let's see you ride the LIRR
You'll need this music for the next 8 years based on the PA rally last night. Enjoy living in the #lunaticleft bubble.

I guess Bruce forgot his fans are bluecollar, workingclass Trump supporters! Just like the DEMs did and lost!  GOOD LUCK MORONS! #trumprally
Music hasn't helped you, you should be focusing on real issues "Builders tge Wall""
Don't cry for me Argentina
Chuck do you remember the song Tears of a Clown?
Your a CRAZY SENILE OLD man. You need 2 retire now.
Your mind is TOTALLY GONE. 
Hear that schmucky?.. It's the Oscar music to commercial... They're playing you off the stage come next election... 
#YOUREDONESON
You not running for re-election would be music to MY ears.

hahahahahahah
USA, USA, USA,USA, USA, USA,USA, USA, USA,USA, USA, USA, USA, USA, USA,USA, USA, USA,USA, USA, USA,USA, USA, USA USA, USA,USA, USA, USA,USA,
when your state senator likes dope Erykah Badu tracks
Don't forget this one!
Here's one for the list!! Queen's We are the champions!!!!

great pics! We need to make a 100 days anti trump news story, and dramatic effects, same as his pro Trump
BACK HIM UP WHY? He has done more in 100 days then in 8 years and everyone is afraid to admit it that is why and I VOTED FOR HIM that too
one thing to GET RID OF TRUMP why? SHE LOST that is why they can't accept it and refuse to so you believe what you want to and I will still
this country They represent YOU the democrats what they do is a reflection of how you feel They don't care about you all they care about is
They don't care what Trump has achieved or what good he has done their main goal is to ruin him and get him out No matter what he does for
IT take 4 of the democrats to go after Trump CHUCKY Warren, Waters, and good ole Nancy these 4 have a plan so they think to destroy Trump
No you would rather play another one bits the dust But Trump will play WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS do play that in you playlist CHUCKY
Crying over you
Where is send in the clowns? In your honor


.@3voor12 RT @SenSchumer: Music has meant so much these #Trump100days. ; here’s my @Spotify #100days playlist:
Don't U dare use the songs I used to sing 4 Ur whine fest! Someone will get sued!
You forgot "Russian Hotel Aftermath" by Emmure & "Back In The U.S.S.R." by The Beatles.
You forgot they have no evidence of Trump/Russia collusulion, clown.
That's an awesome play list Senator . I had no idea you had such range and really great taste 
Your favorite song.... Big Boys Dont Cry!!!
Your point? You just feel the need to complain no matter what. Either retire or work with POTUS.
Great music!
Did you get send in the clowns for Babs 
Chuckles?


Crybaby Schumer, pathetic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-Wf993QFs4&feature=youtu.be …
Heres a good one
While your listening to music Chuckie, Trump is out there working !
Yes golfing, eating chocolate cake, lying every other word, blaming Obama and sucking Putin's dick - all very very hard work
GROW UP
Chuck we are grading you and Nancy's first 100 days with a new President.  Your both with a negative number right now! U have done 0 for USA
Those in the music industry DO NOT represent America's finest. Stop fixating on self-absorbed, Leftist celebrities. It's PATHETIC.
I give you and Nancy Pelosi an F- for doing nothing at all except block Trump at every turn by being obstructionists.
you should be listening to russian military music. you and the dems are not doing enough.
Welcome to the Jungle - Guns N' Roses
So Cruel - U2
Seriously, Chuck?
Maybe you should spend more time working for america and less time on play lists and complaining
You and Warren should have a whining contest
You are an obstructionist. POTUS can walk on water and you would say he can not swim! You are a fraud! if POTUS fails, then America fails!
@springsteen is nothing but an extreme left liberal washed up hippy. His interpretation of what America should be is shared by Tiny Tim...
Really, you call that garbage music? No wonder your party has become irrelevant!!!!!
"Mama as there'd b days lk this" but she never sd there would b 100+! Make it stop!!
Don't care about any of your thoughts
Yes the best Music was when Trump beat Hillary and Obama leftthe White House!!
Hey Chuck, instead of doing promo's for @Spotify shouldn't you be doing work for your constituents? You know tax payers dime and all.
Loved 2 c the clips from about 7 years ago Schumer RAILING about immigration reform, now he is silent. Show his character is a LIE. ISSUES
You have become quite an embarrassment Chuck.
Tears of a clown 
Blah blah blah
so at least we know what you've been doing for the past hundred days choosing your music collection
Be sure to include "Do you Believe in Magic?" (Lovin' Spoonful)  for @SpeakerRyan and the @HouseGOP.
Lmao
The dark evil knight!! Watch back!
 gayest playlist ever.
Get to work Clown!
Land of Confusion by Genesis
Doing anything to benefit them. Offer them a penny then charge them a dollar. I am going to do all I can to make sure u don't get reelected
THIS is GREAT!! Perfect choices!!!
WoW.. and I thought you couldn't look more desperate 
My a new York state resident living on long island. I still can't believe u and your party r able to fool these people into thinking u r
You need 2 search #trumps100daysongs
Never better stated
Chuck, you're a fucking Senator not a DJ. Get. To. Fucking. Work. Please! 
Music, wine, friends, supportive marching shoes & Grassroots Protestors #tool box
Music? that is not music is CA hate the world who dont kiss there butt, CA is the Venezuela of the US
From Russia with love?
Just keep playing "I'm A Loser" by The Beatles until it sinks in.

Maybe after ten more seats are gone in 2018, you'll stop pandering.
All garbage music
What no Black Flag?
Who cares about your Spotify?!
u and your party destroyed the country
