If a burger flipping no account adult wants $15/hr it's because liberals lower things to their level not bring the individual up #stupid
I'm a mom of 2 of those adults w/profound learning disabilities. They have the right to earn a living wage. Corporate America can afford it.
Not their job to carry people
Yes, it is. They employ folks, do they no??? That's about the #dumbest thing I've read in ages. They should be ashamed their employees ...
Ok you are exactly why kids are useless. My brother is ADHD Dyslexic and he runs a business and makes 60k per year. EARN MONEY NOT WHINE
Walk a mile in their shoes, then get off your high horse & learn empathy & compassion. My kids aren't useless. How dare you! #Fightfor15
And that's all I have to say about that. #byefelicia
THOSE JOBS ARE STARTER JOBS NOT PERMANENT JOBS.
Even $15 hour won't be enough for those.  High housing and food costs, high insurance costs, etc., that you do nothing about are the problem
chuck baby look what fast food & other company's are doing automating & laying off more then ever because of $15 hr wage
Have you ever been to McDonald's? Those morons can't even get one order right and they want a raise. Yea Right
Maybe taking less taxes out of the ppls paychecks will help them also, Chucky!
No, you mean "fewer" taxes.
He follows the tax laws Washington made. Don't like it? Change the laws. Same laws the billionaires in Congress use (if they pay/any taxes)
Living wage would change lives.
We can contribute to supporting a living wage for all. We can not control how one spends it.
One can only control spending of self. All have the right to a living wage in conjunction with cost of living.
Tho is going for average work force. IS NOT DESERVING FOR FAST FOOD COUNTER HELP. These jobs not ment 2support a family.
Says the old man who gained ALL of the benefits of society while shutting the door behind him to future generations. "Back in my day..."
Minimum wage was always meant to be a living wage, but you got yours, so eff everyone else, right?
No I went out and learned a job skill to earn a decent wage as can these PEOPLE
Yep, sure because nothing has changed in the last 30 years. Yep, jobs haven't disappeared at all, ed hasn't gone up 2000%, etc. Out of touch
It's about replacing working Americans with automation.
Who decided that it should be $15? Why stop there? Raise it to $20, $25. You have become more conservative in your old age Chuck.
An will crush small business who provides 57 million jobs so ur gain will create less job less small business. Come on senator
No it's not. It about losing jobs and putting more people in poverty.
Hey liar why do you then want to import more low skilled legal and illegasl immigration? You take people as chumps?You just want the votes!!
No it's about hard work and not putting people out of work by imposing mandates that result infiring and replacing people with mechanization
So r tax cuts for all jack hound cry baby schumer how much did the working class pay for that irrigation system !! Ur fake like the SS suit!
The dignity is promoting the work ethic not government nanny state that keeps people from pursuing higher goals.This is the new slavery.
It increases unemployment, increase is passed to consumers. Perhaps reading Milton Friedman may help you understand economics..
This isn't about dignity at all. This is about forcing companies to pay higher wages they can't afford, which just causes layoffs.
Oh but that cost won't be passed on to consumers. Though working at McDonald's is a high level skill.
Lower taxes so  Americans can keep more of their hard earned money is the better way. Forcing a higher wage will force companies to layoff.
Thankyou
Hope for subsidies or tax breaks for small biz or $15 wage doesn't work add employer health ins to that and many small business out of biz.
It's about putting small buisiness out of buisiness and making a fast food cheesebuger cost $8...the stupidity is just astonishing
A way for Federal and state gov't to get more tax dollars from citizens also as costs go up on products and services for everyone
Unfortunately, young workers with low skills will not qualify for those jobs. They need entry level experience the most.
Yeah two were a loaf of bread could cost five dollars and a gallon of milk cost us $10 you're an idiot
Higher wages can mean less employees.
First, minimum wage jobs were never meant to earn a living. They were meant for part time after school jobs. 2. It will only inflate prices
$15 minimum wages is about killing jobs.   Want that much go learn a trade or go to college. It's about more Liberal stupidity.
Start by reducing your salary to 15/ hour. Let's start with your dignity.
Will not help w/o attention to STRUCTURAL causes of inequality: higher effort-costs of productive work vs financial services
Until they'er replaced by robots.
....um......min wage was designed to be a starter wage......not a living wage.......where did we lose you, Chuck?
What happens when they get the wage hike and their employers go out of business?
Yes!  My sixteen year old needs more money for dates.
Minimum wage is to get into the workforce not a career.  We should reduce your wage to $15/hr.  You have not done your job.
We spend millions on training, re-education programs and for what. Just more waste by the government. Stop giving shit away and mandating
So you think the guy giving towels in the ritzy hotel bathroom should make enough ? working 40 hours to support a family. That's Socialism
If you think anyone working minimum wage jobs is a career to support their family then you are more out of touch than I thought. Insane
Its sickening that U Dems try 2 attack Trump & undermine him & try to tie everything negative to him and his businesses.U Triators Suck
A $15 minimum wage just like onerous taxes kills jobs.
Here we go again.  Acting as though Liberals give a damn about the poor!  How many votes will raising MW buy you?
Dignity! What do I know about dignity Why don't u take a pay cut Or buy obama care insurance Or pay into SS & not get fair return Hypocrite
You can pay for it ! Just agree to pay a higher tax bracket . Please agree
Good idea Chuck.  Help low end workers get more money but don't help Trump get more jobs .Duh!
Though not necessarily to compensate fucktards for nothing like AG Pam Bondi, Rep. Jayer Williamson, and Rep Matt Gaetz.  Their pay is crime
No it is just another democrat money grab. More taxes for your broken programs
And 15.00 per hour min wage is a socialist's wet dream and will put companies out of business then who will you blame ? POS lying hypocrite
Were was you voice when Obama was killing job growth ? Trump has already been doing good works to lay the foundation for job growth.
Trump is going to take care of that however we are still suffering from 8 years of OBAMA'S job & growth killing policies.
If this passes, I suggest we but stock in robotics companies
Good luck with that! Why don't you try improving the education in your state's public schools so the students can get a good job.
No it's about your reelection
Dems claim Obama saved the economy, if that is the case there should be plenty of jobs to choose from...
Really because the problem is all about income and has nothing to do with inflation exists which will just accelerate when the cost of
Goods goes up...
And small business will fail in droves. The backbone of America.
anything and everything to destroy the economy. Where's the daily plea by you for infrastructure you bypassed for 8 yrs Chuck
Build the wall.
If I want to make $15/hr, I won't work at McDonalds.
Absolutely! You're bought/paid for BLM protestors (ur buddy, Soros pays) make more than that!! Geezzz
What about small businesses? How many will close, as a result, especially if exempt salaries are impacted
Just curious, Senator...Do you own a business that employes Americans?
Push this through and there will be no jobs due to automation.
Minimum wage isn't about providing for your families. Would be helpful is that you understood business!
supply and demand sets wages not govt,you socialist liberal Dems just can't grasp what makes our country the greatest ever
@lainebee23 #trumprussia #noWARinNK #nobombs #independentcommission #specialprosecutor Priorities!
Don't replace ACA, fix it.  A 15% tax cut for corporations means a 15% tax increase for the middle class.
stupid plan, we already don't compete with other countries, so how do we increase our wages and complete on a global scale?????
Gee, if only the US protected it's industry & workers like other industrialized nations do...
@mccunecicki  Want the economy to move?  Increase minimum wage. Rich save theirs, poor can't. It gets spent immediately on needs
But to do that devalues the American worker who currently has the skills to actually earn $15 an hour.
Their pay will have to increase. If the min wage had been tied to inflation, it wld be $23 an hour NOW.
But it won't. Nobody above minimum wage will see their wage increase to match. Businesses won't be able to afford it.
Bullshit - in WA state we raised the minimum wage & everyone above that got a raise too. Nice try, but nope.
And how is that REALLY working for the economy? Don't lie...
Really well - no job loss & it's lessening the burden on taxpayers who have to subsidize low wage workers.
If you weren't busy being a "no we can't" type, you could really research this yourself instead of repeating RW talking points...
My opinions are absolutely my own
I agree Congress should be cut to $15 for the amount of work you do
You must be ignorant or arrogant to not address the other side of the argument.  Or you are a politician pandering.
Try earning it by getting an education, inflation is not the answer and your hate will not buy the votes you will need.
And there is B Sanders, who have never worked a day in his life. Wants all things to be free like in Venezuela. See what is happening there
TRUE! Tthen why wait till 2024 to raise min wage? Those workers have waited 20yrs for an increase
If all u did was make minimum wage your whole life u would b a LOSER 
that had already been proven to be a large pile of bullshit.
By the time a $15 min wage gets here, we'll need a $20 min wage.
$15 minimum wage is all about $12.99 Happy Meals, Schmucky!!  Who do you think is going to pay the difference? The franchise owner?
No it's about people losing jobs small businesses going under and increased inflation your creating more problems that you won't fix
RWNJ talking points.
So tired of you libs trying to force your socialistic views on USA. It's up to the biz/employee on what pay is acceptable...not the govt!!!
RWNJ talking points. We also clearly need free college to raise your critical thinking skills.
Wow, name calling and personal attacks. Way to articulate your views/defense of a minimum wage! 

Bye bye!
Flipping burgers is not a $15.00 an hour job. Those unskilled jobs were never meant to support a family they. #tcot #DemsOuttaTouch
Yes, it is. Minimum wage was always supposed to be a living wage - but keep repeating the RWNJ talking points like a good sheep. Good boy!
Min wage was never, ever intended to be something to raise a family on. #tcot
...money.  If people choose to stay in deadend jobs that is their problem.  Should not pay them more just for the sake of it.
after a certain time period.  Staff should be encouraged to better themselves to move into better paying jobs...more productivity, more ...
I bet you pay most of your staffers less than that.  There needs to be a low minimum "training wage" with required increase or dismissal...
dignity & making sure Americans can provide for their families? Spoken by a guy that supported the theft of 21k Delphi retirees pensions.
$15 ain't shit!
So proud of you Chuck for taking $15/hr! Finally politicians getting paid what they are worth! Chuck leading the way!
Keep trying. Many believe you really have their best interests in mind. I call it blind faith.
I call those people stupid sheep. LOL
Schumer you wouldn't know what working for a living means

 No it's not. It is about take jobs away for entry level people. Why do you hate the working people of America?
You try living on $15 per hour, before running around cheerleading it's possible success. New leadership please. Enough of the old clowns
Living wages cost to nation for health care, subsidized housing, SNAP, etc. Non-living wages are effectively a subsidy for businesses.
YES! Ppl keep saying $15/hr is too high, but it costs states & feds BILLIONS every year in subsidies while, ironically, corps get tax breaks
You are out of touch, your party is out of touch. That is why you are losers.
The minimum wage job is not meant to be a living wage. Under Obama 70,000 factories closed good job Democrats
No one should be attempting to support a family with a min. Wage job. Wrong thinking!
In CA people are being replaced by robots already so they have NO JOB!
Certainly not for small business owners Chuck!!! But who cares, right, there are more min wage workers than bus owners & its all about votes
Just stop. Minimum wage jobs were never intended to be careers!
chuckie, you need to just shut up. you are not credible to anyone
So they can go to swanky cafes that don't allow children under 5 like u...why don't u break down ur hourly wage chucky bouy

Bullshit RW talking point. Low wages cost taxpayers billions in social subsidies every year, while corps get billions in tax breaks.
A $15 min. wage for low skilled jobs will cause co. like McDonalds, BK to automate &layoff b/c fewer workers needed to say WANT FRIES W THAT
I'm for a MAXIMUM wage of $15/hour for Schmucky the Clown. Still far more than he's worth, but I'm feeling generous.
True dignity is suffering hospital, physicians, treatment team and patients compensate as these guys pictured! HMO'S needs to go!
equals fewer employed don't work
YAY! Thank you @SenSchumer... You're a stand up politician in a #GOPutin world!
Don't get between him and special interest donors either.
HELL NOOOOOOO!!! Let the fcking progressives fight for $15 fcking dollars an hour to pick their nose!!! Why does everyone go to extremes??
A minimum wage is not a living wage YFD STOP WITH UR INSANITY @SenSchumer 
A country threatening to NUKE US multiple times in past 3 yrs, has their man in your @WhiteHouse
NO OUTRAGE ?
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION !
for those of us who work with disabilities, you also need to make sure there's $$ to pay us more while providing services.
Starting MH clinician rate $22 p/h. With school rates high, why would someone get a grad degree if there's a $15 min wage #inflation
The problem with that is republicans want to keep the middle class in poverty they do not want americans to get ahead in life
Keep throwing scraps to the low income. Instead of teaching them responsibility and moving up the ladder.   Maybe they keep voting for you!
Say the old guy who benefited from high wages & low cost of living. "Got mine, eff you and the future." Another know-nothing living in past
Your ref to schumer; old guy knowing zip and living in past spot on! Clown & his acolytes(u) are clueless when it comes to business acumen!
Actually I was talking about you. Your comment was laughably out of touch.
Small business can't grow or survive with these requirements.
Chuck you gave away all the good paying jobs to other countries.  Now you want to raise wages? Time for you to go. #raisethewage
yes we must raise the minimum wage so that families can buy home send their kids to college and have a normal life
Increasing the minimum wage is a direct increase in the inflation rate because it drives the price of essentials like food up.
And when their jobs are replaced by existing technology you can stand up and proudly proclaim "I did that". #moron
Sen,in the time it takes from first conception to getting it done it's almost an obsolete figure. My rent alone goes up 55.00 every January.
I hear you! This should go into effect in 2018 - NOT 2024.
What anti-intellectual horseshit. Gosh, just up & move (it's sooo cheap) & get that awesome job available nowhere, PLUS what exactly
is a "cheaper area"? Your response is so unbelievably ignorant, I just 
What's your solution genius?
Epic twaddle. Corps would pay a dollar day. WTF is wrong with you? Oh, yet another RWNJ heard from.
No they won't. Corporations have been ALLOWED to outsource virtually everything b/c of ignorant voters like you.
Virtually all that is left are service industry jobs that pay as little as possible (not everyone is academic you know) & you propose
turning the US into a third world shit hole because RWNJs tell you that's the only way to go.
A $15 min wage puts those with little/no skills out of the workforce - resulting in more unable to provide for their families.
How many successful  businesses have you run Schmuck???.... None???? Yup... That's what I thought.... 
#maga
with the proposed tax cuts they should be able to pay $150/hour
Right? But the ignorant and proud of it crowd are wedded to a failed ideology that relies on the false "by your own bootstraps" twaddle.
Where is the small business owner going to get the money to pay for the increase???
No it will not Moron it will cost jobs and some people will closes doors because of it.
It's clear Schumer is out to destroy Trump and NOT help him succeed, by opposing EVERYTHING. How is that good for America???
Higher wages are good, but corps. get around it by giving workers only 20 hrs/week & prevent you from getting another job by not posting
schedules until the last minute etc... Anyone who's ever worked retail, knows exactly what I'm talking about. We need worker contracts
It's bizarre that corporations are allowed to be anti-American with impunity unless regulated. They cost us a fortune in subsidies too
Corporations number one goal by far, is making money for their shareholders, everything else, is a means to that end
Yes and the fact that our elected officials don't protect their own citizens against egregious exploitation is telling.
Chuck will say and do anything to get votes. No matter how much harm it does to the American people.
If min wage is raised to $15/hr nationally cost of living will substantially increase & then single woman making $16/hr will lose everything
Entry level jobs are for entry level employees. Not intended to support families. Provide tax/regulation relief = higher wages/more jobs.
Dignity for taxpayers, for employers, for those who save and raise themselves up, would be nice too.
Minimum wage is supposed to be a starting point for people to aspire to take on more hence get paid more.  Not to feed families.
Raising the minimum wage is great but not in 7-8 years, by that time nothing will have changed as the cost of living will have risen
Not going to help, not going to get them off welfare.
It's a states rights issue, not centralized gov't issue. We are a Republic in case you forgot. Stop playing games and do your job.
Now if workers can get to and from work that would be great @LIRR are you even paying attention Senator???
Idiot, minimum wage is for kids! Not to support a family!!
Chuckie a $15.00 Min. wage to flip burgers us ridiculous.
Cool picture of the same 20 people @NancyPelosi  tweeted about. Dont you guys have money for more paid protestors? Come on chucky... :-(
While us on social security have been long over due for many raises try living on $1200 a month can't even get credit we deserve our raises
Is this another one of those "I'm going to support this knowing it won't pass but it gives me progressive creds" things?
Maybe while you try to get min. wage increased, you & the rest of the @SenateDems can work on #Impeach45 and Treason, Traitors in Wht House.
Politicians do not go to jail or suffer many consequences other than getting voted out. They all suck.
Yeah, look at all the corrupt DimoCraps  still in office and/or awaiting Judgement Day!!
We don't want to hand outs, we want to opportunities!
By 2024 today's infants will be in first grade, how are min wage parents supposed to pay for daycare till then? 15 in 2018
Then get a real job! Get an education. Don't have kids when your in high school!!
It's about babysitting people who made wrong life choices and can't take personal responsibility
goblin
Live within your means and work towards the American Dream, 8yrs of Apathy and handouts is over! 

Dignity is earned not mandated by liberals
Liberals don't have any dignity look at waters and pelosi lol 
Huh?
GA Minimum Wage Is STILL $8.25, So When Will They Start Making States Raise Theirs??
When the states decide to.
Lol Or When The People Demand It?
Blame President Clinton for NAFTA and the loss of 70,000 jobs then ask for $15 an hour. You can't do it can you Chuck
Sure ML SCHUMER, this will get you some votes. How many union contracts are tied to minimum wage? Another old trick, just like you.
Why not since Trump"s Tax Cuts will give them the extra money to pay that and higher!
and sadly it also hurts the elderly on a fixed income.
you sound like @SenSanders ya know i realized something.. he woulda won. weird right?
No, just HORRIFYING!!
#MinWage is a State issue, not Federal Government. #Tatiana
There's a conservative case for it, too: It reduces dependence on public assistance.
How?
So a burger flipper should make more than an EMT, paramedic, Fireman? That is ignorance your spewing.... you just want people to like you
How would a burger flipper make more than an EMT, paramedic or fireman if the minimum wage was $15?
#Schumer: Under my guidance min was raised in multiple States by Governors both Republicans and Democrats. #Tatiana
chucky did you forget that your in America .supply and demand rules
