Don't be fooled. Targeting 62.4M women's access to birth-control coverage shows the Trump admin's disdain for women’s health & lives. 
I don’t need Birth Control so why should I pay for someone else’s?
This is all it takes to sabotage your precious ACA, wasn't written very well, was it? ACA = FAILURE
It was predominantly written by the GOPs Heritage Foundation & was 100% supported by GOP until a black president decided to pass it.
Apparently you did not read the entire article. According to this hatchet job, the Heritage Foundation was AGAINST it & NOT supported by GOP
over time. GOP took over Congress in 2010 & done everything possible to destroy it bc Obama passed it. Now Trump is sabotaging it. TYRANNY
YOUR uncontrolled ignorance is what cannot continue and come next November it'll end when you get thrown off of the "gravy train" BE 4warned
Stop lying Chuck you know that the ACA was created to fail so you all could blame it on the insurance companies and push single payer.
Timothy's got it exactly correct.
Democrats did all the sabotaging with the ACA.
.  My mon prem is $536. Deduct $6000 and out of pocket $16000. How is that affordable. Liar
Do you know women down 40% if not more on beauty and we have to pay for birth control!!!!? What up!
Noticed the pattern, Schumer is always being photographed standing with questionable men-Harvey Weinstein, Anthony Weiner, Alex Soros ?
Only FIVE of the NINETY-SEVEN clinics contacted actually provided prenatal services.  That’s 95% of the clinics contacted that do NOT offer
What are YOU doing? What are you saying? Have you forgotten we are all watching you, closely?B careful Chuck,he has God behind him &you dont
No Chuck.  You can’t.  Please retire so we as American’s can survive.  They should declare you insane
They should keep their knees together
Retire and take Pelosi with you!
Democratic sabotaged congress & senate with ignorance & emotion.  Stop resisting & create new laws & follow the legislative process

ACA was failing long before Trump came in.Obama misappropriated funds from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to shore up ACA because it was failing
BS Mr. Every one knows you are a phony.
Everyone is still free to buy birth contol. Everyone. Nobody has lost "access" to anything.
Seeing Jim’s comments it is easy to know that he is not intelligent. His comments are ridiculous!
Birth Control should be allowed over the counter so I don't need insurance for it. Maybe abortions would reduce in number too!
#MAGA
Oh Yeah Chucky, You and the rest of the Dems already sabotaged our Healthcare with the Unaffordable Care Act!
So your ignorance shines clearly. ACA is a train wreck. Big lie from the begining but you went along with it.
Honestly how do you sleep.
The only way to reign in healthcare costs is to cut out the BS stuff like HIV drugs, birth control, sex change surgery for starters.
But they still cover Viagra. That is pure bullshit. Trump is taking us back to the 40’s.
Um, so I should pay for others 2 have sex? Don't think so.
will you give back your illegal hc subsidy & purchase your obamacare like everyone else? our hc? you don't pay what most do. hypocrite #ACA
Sabotage! Such drama, Chuck.  You're the perfect caricature of manipulative politician.
Keep telling your lies.  I know you don't believe them.
Did he pull #BC off the shelves & said nobody could ever buy them again? No, he gave rights 2 religious institutions to decide. $8 @ walmart
BTW OBAMA ALREADY SABOTAGED our healthcare system.
ObamaCare is sick! No ER ever refuses treatment!
 head!
And if your employer providing BC was so great, why haven’t the number of abortions decreased? Grow up and take responsibility.
Why didn't you give back #HarveyWeinstein $$$ buddy all $16,200 of them?
Next time you talk about gun rights, how about the millions of babies killed by abortion, Mr Schumer ! Murdered
Sabotage?  How about fix!  Obamacare was a joke from the start!  If it’s so good for us...why aren’t you on it?
Give it up already U little beta male crybaby NO ONE BELIEVES YOU ANYMORE  Hey Schumer! TICK TOCK

No Chuck you 0bama and the Democrats did that when you passed 0 care and turned medical insurance into a nightmare for the middle class.
Of course it can continue.  Do you know 0 of the #HIVOutbreakIndiana under @VP Pence?  Because it is better to look holy than b holy dahling
@SenSchumer I think @BarackObama sabotaged our healthcare system. @realDonaldTrump is trying to save what’s left and #MAGA. Take your meds
The Dems are the ones that sabotage the system if you only focused on the HC industry and not insurance. Competitive pricing & publication
Hope your kickbacks were worth it, #ObamaCare is killing People who cant afford it!!!!
#Democrats sabotaged our HealthCare Sysyem, I was covered for years til Government got involved now cant afford it!!!
Education and self respect works wonders and buy your own birth control it’s not the gov or the people’s place to buy it for you.
It can't continue then remove trump from office. Stop complaining& take action. That is what u were elected 4. To protect us from trump.
What needs to be repealed is the HMO Act of 1973. Return to health care as a public service, not a profit venture.
Your going to have to work with Trump.  The same people who put him in office will keep him in office.
@SenSchumer You need to SHUT UP! So does @HillaryClinton and @NancyPelosi  we are sick of hearing your BS
#OBAMA sabotaged our health care system!  ...AND, many of you are getting rich from exploiting it. No wonder you're fighting so much.  #Chuck, we're not all stupid.
Contraception should be banned, and a massive environmental clean up undertaken to heal our country.
Women need to pay for their own ($9).  I (tax payer) should NOT have to pay for it. I don't demand taxpayers  pay for a pizza for me.
Trump supports the "right" to bear arms (guns/weapons) but the entire GOP thinks Healthcare, Medicare, Social Security are entitlements!
Chuck u
Obamacare is imploding. Guess you're gonna go down with the ship chuckles.
Don't let the "moron" hood wink the Dems on health care!
@CherokeeNative3 
Why is nothing being done about dt?
Sabatoge?  You need to try living in the real world. Dems shoved this crap down America’s throat and it’s awful. Increased costs !! #moron
We will not be treated like chattel! Their religion ends at ny uterus! Enough!
Shouldn’t you be concentrating on head count for your party?? I guess you Dems think AMERICAN CITIZENS will calm down!Keep poking the bear!!
Still waiting for Dem leadership to tell the public what the party stands for. What is its plan going forward besides the anti-Trump party.
Chucky why didn't you fix the ACA then? Providers leaving, premiums skyrocketing.  It's broke.  Where is your plan to fix?  Still waiting...
Obama and the stupid Democrats sabatoged our wonderful health care. Americans got screwed with large insurance premiums and we're fed up!

Hey Chucky. Why don't you try to be part of the solution. ACA is a bust. You know this. Fix it. Try living like the rest of us.
Were is your Better Deal??
Trump is on a suicide mission.
Sabotage? NOT ONE of my doctors accept Affordable Health Care as it is so bad. We have to pay ALL out of pocket.

You better be nice if you ever want to make a deal and you know, DO YOUR JOB, GET THINGS DONE. You just talk and talk, yet you accomplish 0!
@PPact Absolutely trump hates women and the gop I mean they're sticking it to us this is going to be horrible terrible for us
Were you the joker in the batman movies? You sure look like him, a little theatrical make up and were there!
Shithead obamas ACA is dead. The CBO is a fucking joke. You only want to pump a bunch of cash into a bottomless pit. REPEAL!! Govt stay out
#TRUMP HEART is black to make #america worse
Why should taxpayers pay for BC PILLS & ABORTIONS? They want to play then they can pay

Since when is MURDERING BABIES "health care?" Why don't you ask what all those MURDERED BABIES would say about abortion in heaven?
ONLY the GOP targets our HC. They are deplorable and despicable. The worst of the worst.
Why are you not stopping the crap about sex being taught to 6 yr olds?
Hurting women makes white @gop men feel powerful. This is all about showing male dominance — as it used to be in the “good old days.”
You nailed it! This is all about getting back to those “good old days.” And it sucks (not cussing out of respect) 
If dems can't fix it use your lawyers to file lawsuits against the perpetrators of injustice. It will continue until there are consequences.
Women's health traded for tax cuts to millionaires! How disgusting.
It wouldn’t surprise me if he cut off birth control because of the access Hollywood video playing outside WH over and over and over. Resist!
NO health care discussions with Trump unless he reverses birth control policy!
By making people pay $10 for their own birth control? How could they...
Chuckles,  you are a sorry congressional representative a TRAITOR to the American people.   Think of America,  not yourself for a change.
No Chucky, the Democrats and Obama sabotaged our healthcare the minute they installed Obamacare.  I freaking hate Democrats.
It is going to continue.  You and your cohorts are who is preventing the #American people from having good #healthcare.  You refuse to #RepealObamacare and put #healthcare back into the hands of the #state, where markets can be allowed to compete, and individuals can choose plan.
We the people will not be a pimp by paying for birth control of any type. Schumer, you wanna be a pimp, dig your own pockets
Check #SyntheticRepeal to learn more about what GOP "representatives" are doing behind the scenes. They answer to Koch etc. Evil people.
The sabotage to the health care system was made by you Pelossi and Obama
Are you on Obamacare yet?
So what are u going to DO about it,  @SenSchumer ? So far seems Dems have been meekly standing by while tRump & gop DESTROYS America!
That's why Trump likes his wives to be subservient
Yeah TRUMP its about time . All people should be able to follow their beliefs & not be forced to go against their moral compass.
WHAT do U think women did BEFORE Obama screwed up R healthcare system hmm? They PAID FOR THEIR OWN CONTRACEPTIVES or got free from a CLINIC!
So what's this about you meeting w/POTUS to craft a new #healthcare bill?
ACA by itself sabotaged our health care system. I don't even have ACA & my rates & deductibles went up. It's not even "insurance" anymore!
You can't just comment on it. You & Congress must stop him or prevent him from slashing pieces of it- endangering people's health and lives
DO not work with that beast on healthcare unless & until women are no longer relegated to 2nd class citizens and birth control is restored!
Why don't you and Nancy get on Obama care see how you like it .talk is cheap Obama care isn't. Non affordable crap
Cost a single person at least 225 a month with a 15,000 deductible. Then if you need a prescription there goes your month of eating money
Then if you drop it .the government penalize you 500 or 600 dollars at the end of the year what kind of bullshit is that
At least Trump is trying to fix what You  and the Obama admin  made to deliberately screw Americans 
 (which it has aka obamacare)#fakenews
Senator Schumer, thanks for protecting USA as much as possible

EVERY Dem interview -fact this increases abortion, so trump is pro abortion
Birth control is cheap! Costs less than a meal at McDonald's!
His decisions can't continue. Can you explain to his cabinet ammendment 25? Certainly this person should not be president! Stand up Wash.
Your a two faced idiot, retire the would would be a better place without you.
First of all it was a healthcare system before you guys klusterfuk that all up now it's going to have to be fixed and you all knew it.
So ur donating #Weinstein campaign contributions to Emily's list who will turn around and donate to the @DNC? Wash and rinse cycle #DNC
Yes he’s letting it die by sabotage and his supporters are dancing in the streets (that u don’t have paid rioters) we are so happy
Maybe Congress should make laws and not they executive branch.
Any discussion with trump, on healthcare, would need to start with him stopping all attempts to dismantle current ACA!
Don’t be a Schmuck, Chuck. 
If PP is so great, let some of these people fund it:
Please stop this run away insanity in DC! Every woman, every person of color, every LGBTQ is in danger!!!
thanks chuckie for continuing to divide our country.
Oh it can continue. And this is what the evangelicals want.
Call for impeachment. Daily.
Still looking, Chuck, for where in the constitution we are directed to pay for someone else's sex life. Total government over reach.
Your right, just don't complain about people having kids and then go on welfare. Rather pay for the pill and not have Un-wanted pregnancies.
Darn it George. If these "kids" are old & mature enough to have babies,then they also need to be adult enough to take care of their children
In a perfect delusional world, but only a few people believe that will happen.
And THAT is what's wrong with this country's line of thinking.It creates more irresponsible behavior!The more we have, the more it happens.
We're not fooled. Trump thinks of women as domestic animals at best. the Anti-Choice philosophy is just an extension of rape culture.
I swear to God above,if u work with the twit who’s taking away my BC,say goodbye to the senate.
We will vote u out
Nothing is banned, nothing is restricted, it's all still available, you freaking liar!
Funny. When I needed birth control insurance didn't pay for it. So ins. Charges you 2x the amount of BC in premiums.
Please stop this insanity. It makes me want to move to another country, because I am so ashamed of our mean government!

Yes sabotage healthcare and also to distract from gun control. Do you think it's a coincidence he brought all this attention to healthcare?
Trump and Schumer can work out a way to fix the ACA. 
Two tough New Yorkers can get that done!!!
We can get past the semantic battle by calling this the NEW Affordable Care Act. The Trump-Schumer bill.
@SenSchumer Thank you Senator Schumer for protecting our health care. And in general from the schemes of the Trump regime
ACA is imploding and you know it.  You just don’t want to admit it because it makes you look bad.
You cannot have a president who seeks to punish, damage, sicken, denigrate and demean one half of the country he "swore" to protect.
Mr. Schumer let them have it all!... they WANT a class war! I say we give them that as well!! Unfortunately that maybe our only pathforward
@POTUS is a thief, liar & grifter. Misogynistic white supremacist piece of dung. He would rather destroy our country with his agenda.
Stop the GOP and POTUS from underfunding the ACA!
This chart is spot on. Mother told me she had abortion as young woman and never got over the guilt her whole life.

Focus, one issue at a time. Pass Tax Reform!
Ending a life God has begun, can hardly be taken seriously as a healthcare system. Obamacare has failed by poor, rushed, partisan planning!
How about the way you and your Dem cronies have tried to destroy the Constitution??
Planned parenthood butchers 1,000's of innocent babies a day. What about those victims?  Enforce more gun laws though, that makes sense!
Just part of the payback to the religious right, who want to control everyone's reproductive decisions.
They should pay for their own BC! They can also keep their legs closed,  that's free
I just don't get it? Who comes up w ideas to forbid Abortion and cancel insurance for birth control. Oxymoron . I just roll my eyes
Since they cut maternity coverage, how will the poor pay?????
Why should I pay for the sexual activity of others? Did you have sex with these selfish women, Chuck? Isn't there better things for U to do?
DJT is playing with people's lives.Does he think sabotaging premiums,Children's Health Ins., & taking away women's HC are bargaining chips?
Chuck Schumer for president
