And we r supppose to believe u are willing to pull up a chair and help fix the terribleheathcare plan you created!  Oh please!!!
all talk just adding fuel to the violent libs but has no answers
Who has been violent? These are peaceful demonstrations about wanting to protect care and then IMPROVE it. http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-system-cost …
Can't polish a turd. Ocare was purposely designed to fail at the expense of Americans. All in an effort to have govt run single payer.
Actually, no. The GOP has been sabotaging ACA. The states that implemented Medicaid Expansion doing great. The ones that didn't failing.
Wrong. Ocare put millions of able bodied citizens on the Medicaid/Medicare rolls. Ocare forecasted to cover 23 mil & only reached 1/2 that.
Please make yourself get educated about this stuff. Truth does matter, half-truths are dangerous:
Please use proper grammar. Please tell me Ocare is not collapsing.
Chuckie ... you are losing, give it up, #Trump is literally drinking your tears  #Losing #NotWinning #MAGA
Tell me Les, what rights have you lost? I've lost none. 
My deductible went from 2,450 to 14,500 Amy premiums went up 315 percent under obomacare.  Plus my taxes went up
That's a problem, not a right. So I say again, what rights have you lost?
The right to not be invaded by illegals, the right to not have illegal sanctuary cities, the right to not have Terrorist
Those are PROBLEMS not rights.
Besides every person in this country are immigrants. There has been no reports of prehistoric human remains found here.
I did not immigrate here, I was born here.
We need to #SaveOurCare and then IMPROVE our care. The costs are too high and the industry too greedy. #SinglePayer http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-system-cost …
Just can't get @marcorubio to hold a town hall. One, there's no money in it and two, he's a .
Great day to #RESIST! Beautiful day in DC, thank you @SenSchumer
So glad the weather and crowds were with you on such a memorable, beautiful day, Shannon!
I stand with America, so I will never vote Democrat. Democrat = globalist.
Susan's bio  "Proud wife" "slayer of academic elitist" Bless her heart...short changed by the Lord. Go fix your hubby some grits & move on.
THERE'S some sage advice, Shannon! I hope she took it 
Ugh...
Agreed. We never give up. Never.
Get off your butts, go to work, pay for your own care so those of us who work don't have to.  #repealACA
chuck you appear a little to exuberant with your obstruction
What are you afraid of, Chuckie? We ALL know liberals have lied the past 8 years. http://rightalerts.com/schumers-slammed-for-blocking-senate-hearing-on-obama-unmasking/ …

Don't recall Harry Reid partying with Kochs in the Hamptons.
https://twitter.com/JacobCpl/status/884979401540067328 … Jewish vote?
1000 words. @jeffsessions 
Let me get this straight.  Your “fighting” a fight you already lost? Great idea.  Maybe having an agenda other than obstruct.
Yes I'm showing up to resist not at Lally's with Jared, Ivanka, Kellyanne & Charles Koch.
Needs to be said daily!! I am in CA and we are in this together
@SenSchumer Trump is trying to pass a bill TOMORROW that takes federal funding away from "Sanctuary Cities?!" This is ILLEGAL! Another abuse
Please explain how it is illegal
Please @realDonaldTrump defund NY! @AGSchneiderman will sue your ass! Then we'll take our toys & leave. Our 1st Law will be to tear down..
What are you fighting for @SenSchumer?  European socialist statism?  Be honest, you guys hate capitalism and love big government . #tyranny
Start working and stop complaining and obstructing
Et Tu, Schumer? We had hope....
You go girl
To end superdelegates
For goodness sake get a job and you won't have to be protesting any longer. Like the rest of us you will be working.
Just gonna leave this here without comment. -VJ
Whoa!!! Sen. Grassley outs Schumer and Schiff! Says they KNEW Trump wasn't under investigation yet STILL told MSM he WAS.  RETWEET! -VJ 
WTF?!?!
I hope someday there can be a bipartisan bill to rename and fix ACA. Call it USHA - U. S. Healthcare Act .
Once you understand this...you'll know who to call next...
Says the guy who doesn't have to pay for his healthcare.

CRUSH THE DEEP STATE GLOBAL ELITES!!! BURN IT ALL DOWN!!! Tic Toc Chucky boy!!! Muhahaha #PedoGate
Dont worry cryin chuck, i'll fight you anytime anywhere
Wish you would STOP SHOWING UP. Wish you, Pelosi, Waters, and other corrupt Dems would just GO AWAY. You care about party NOT COUNTRY!! SMH
U should stick to ur base ! Gays, Lessies, Transies, Islamic terrorist, ACLU, CAIR, Black Lies Matter & other subversive anti-MAGA groups !
How can you help to destroy country?
Democrats use the poor for agenda. We have awakened.
What care Chuckee. Obama care was one Hugh lie- absolutely useless and it is dieing quickly!!!   It was designed to FAIL!
Retire Chuckee!!


Yes vote your #criminalparty home or prison or institution they are all nut cases and we need ppl to work 4america
Nice shot of about 20 people there Croc!
you are my senator and I'm sick of this. Start working to fix things you work for "all" New Yorkers.
Your going lose more seats come 2018 what are you running on hate propaganda,more violence, more lies more BS you haven't done a damn thing
please resign now and stop the lies
Shouldn't it be save our Obamacare?  Or are you running away from the name?
@respectinc  IN ORDER FOR MORE PEOPLE TO BE CLEANED FROM ROLLS & CAN'T VOTE.
@respectinc  WHAT R U GOING TO DO ABOUT REQUESTS FOR VOTER ROLLS TO BE TURNED OVER TO FED. GOV.
We all need to call our state's Sect of State. Start here to find yours, then go to the Contact Us link:
Try co-authoring Senate bills with Republicans instead of playing politics Chuck!
OBAMA CARE IS IMPLODING AND IN A DEATH SPIRAL SCHUMER IS PART OF THE HEALTH CARE PROBLEM NOT SOLUTION VOTE SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT
Yes save Obamacare for all the Congressman and Senators. Who got a waiver because it SUCKED. Give the people real care not your agenda crap
U know I pay for Medicare then I pay for a second medical insurance that cost me money out of pocket an it not cheap
Okay I feel that this was running fine before why do we have to change it just because a new president that has millions or billions
Save our healthcare we r not rich we needed our government help
And for goodness sake remember to vote in 2018!
I call! I tweet, I facebook, I email. So, when is this regime going to be gone? I am horrified!
how do we get the House, Senate & Admin to all share our healthcare? Change everything  @SenSchumerGSPP what steps are needed?
I'll fight if the Dems will come out for #Healthcare4All. Currently have no healthcare access, why is it ok to leave ANY americans w/o care?
Will do! Starting with you, tomorrow. Single payer, baby! - A constituent.




"Chuck Schumer Admits Bernie Was Right" Train's leaving the station, Chuck @BernieSanders @ninaturner @TulsiGabbard https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QOU6e7M_jc …
So many working poor families that need healthcare. I know your hands are tied, but keep trying
Healthcare is so important.  No tax cuts for the wealthy...
If you don't believe healthcare is a right, you should not be a leader of the Democratic Party.   It's what Moms & Dads are marching for!
Chuck what is your plan. I know, I know resist, but now what is the plan?
The care of paying another mortgage payment a month for healthcare or being fined?
Fight??that's you problem pal. the word IS "WORK"  

why don'y you and your crony liberals try and work with the president
You make it WORST
HE'S RIGHT!! DONT STOP TIL GOP IN SHREDDER!!
We're doing all we can ... are you ??? You and your colleges have more power than  we do. Are you using it to your fullest potential ???
And you can be assured we'll (Republicans & Donald Trump) read our bill before we pass it!
This is what you get Sen Schumer when your party passes a bill before reading it! There is no fight! We're ending Obama Care ...
This is all this man does, make noise Never met a camera or mic he didn't want to perform in front of He is a charlatan, a joke
Lying Crying Chucky Does nothing but obstruct Doesn't offer solutions just rants & raves Do something constructive for a change

Mr Schumer. Save What?  Obamacare is failing. Failing!!!  Quit lying Mr Schumer.
You've got work to do and it is going to get done.
Over an immediately returned dead document? Dear god and don't forget that pathetic juvenile MLB garbage & that WAMU loan fraud scam. .
Premiums of doubled under Obamacare and deductibles have skyrocketed out of hand. How can you justify continuing this failed program
#Obstructionist
To think he represents our home state, he is such a loser and detriment to our country...... Embarrassment ....
If you support Schumer pl do your own research. He is purposely misleading.
Thank you for your courage n voice. We need our healthcare. Thank You
Will Resist
Keep leading! Thank u Senator!
You're either a liar or stupid. I AM the reg citizen who premiums  x3 with coverage reduced. We are who YOU'VE hurt with Ocare
Terrorist!
Fight for what? What is ur msg? What r ur goals? I will fight for america, not for a democratic party full of hate and only focus is Trump
That's because you have NOTHING ELSE TO DO! You ranting heads!
YOU REALLY DONT CARE! YOU(DEMS) PASSED OBAMA CRAP CARE! NOT REPS! B/C of OC(crap care)Ins,IT NEARLY COST MY OWN SONS LIFE!YOU'RE NOT FOR ALL
Stop resisting and do your job. Serve the people stop stifling them.
Time to move on, Chuck
Chuck, on behalf of we average Americans you claim to be fighting for, please stop. You are killing us, we can't take anymore!
Do your job. Come up w/fix for ACA or be quiet. U have not helped anyone by your leadership. U r contributing to divide.
More lies about how you were for the low income People on health care!If true give back the 3 Billion the Dems took from tax payers refunds!
Painting the picture black will not help Chucky, your going to lose again. Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.........
Really chuck Isighting violence may be you get shot next
So Chuckles..An investigation into Obama..and members of HIS administration scares you? AMERICA KNOWS that it SHOULD! He was CORRUPT..PERIOD
Thank you for your hard work.  I am confused about opposing the AHCA bill and the idea of working with Republicans now?
Stop talking about ACA. It's dead. The GOP has moved on to discussing new, better, free market ideas. Get with the program or be quiet.
Why did you block the briefing on the unmasking?! So much for transparency right clown Chucky
Un American
you are trying to save something that is killing us out here. Obama took away the healthcare of millions of us. WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING?
WHY WOULD YOU BLOCK THE UNMASKING HEARING? What do the Dems have to hide? Where is your Transparency? Vote Dems Out!2018
Hi I'm Chuck Schumer and I don't want to talk about trying to hide the truth about unmasking be using obscure Senate rules.
. @DNC CREATED HLTHCARE IN PLACE NOW! Why are you not willing to fix what yall got wrong?! Instead of playing politics w/Amer lives!
. Working together doesn't mean you demand what you want & not be willing to give & take! Same for @GOP
. See how you talk?! Keep fighting?! Why not; We are ALL WORKING for Amer Ppl?! This is what you shld be doing!
What "care"? O care is like beating a dead horse. It stinks and it ain't going nowhere.
So how about suggesting some kind of solution to the problem then instead of obstructing? I see ZERO help coming from Dems.
Stop them?  U Dems screwed us, did nothing, now ur resisting what, responsibility? Do ur jobs.
Little shocked you want to save current system -what about those with little or no coverage we are forced to buy! Rather have choice 
50 Libtards show up? You are guilty of lying and CRIMES AGAINST AMERICANS. Do America a favor. Shhhhh... just go away ahead of time,PLEASE
Obstruction!if u know as u say what the American people want then why over a thousand elec loses?mmm MAGA
Chuckie Don't you know, or don't you care, that Obamacare is swirling in the toilet? Never mind I know the answer U're just afraid of losing
When Medicaid started, it covered 4%.  It now covers 40%! That is unsustainable growth, or are you & Dems too stupid to understand that?!
Put it in your PIPE and smoke it Chuckles! It's TOO late to TRY your phony come together CRAP...YOU are MINORITY...you will soon see that!!
stop all that ridiculous protesting oh...Save it chucky.
What fight?Get in there and fix it thsn
We are sick of you.  Just go away permanently.
Senator publicly invite-demand Trump, McConnell, R Paul+3 to go w u to a poor nursing home where 65% depend on Medicaid
We have to pass the bill to know what's in the bill!! Remember that chuck. You never allowed the GOP to have any input on Obama . Hippocrate
Schumer wants to meet with Republicans to discuss a Bipartisan Health Bill bad thing is Schumer does not know how to spell BIPARTISAN
Keep up the fight to distroy America is ur purpose America Wake Up & vote these dem political hacks out in 2018 Save America before 2 late
Schumer the Republican Party has Resisted Your " Resist " Movement it's Over
Chuck fights over U & the Democratic Party LOST if u want to get ur info out Now on Healthcare u had Plenty time Obama in office did NOTHING
HELL NO
You are a useless asshole
A bunch of people who want a hand out!
Chuck spreading hate never learns no longer going to follow
The GOP is giving back the taxes taken by the Democratic Robin Hoods. It is not really a givesway, it is a give back. Get it right!
Give um Hell Chuck !
We deserve #Americare! Universal healthcare for ALL.
Call now!
I say we keep Obamacare and force all those politicians  who want to keep it to pay for it with their own money not tax payers money
Keep up the antagonizing and get nothing done. Good ole' Chuck.
Obamacare is dead!!
We will not stop fighting with you @Obama.
I hope ALL Democratic Senators are voting against GOP healthcare bill, even if it's revised or split in two. No underestimating Mitch!
Getting YOUR way, wrong as it is, is always more important than doing what's best-You're the worst kind of politician-corrupt & narcissistic
How will people die when Medicaid gets INCREASED 20% over 10 years in the bill? Why do you lie and say it gets cut? #clownchucky

Just Repeal Obamacare - work on a replacement later.
You need to voted out of office,Schumer DIVIDER and Start working with President Trump
Don't stop pandering or bribing either please
Use yiy voice more forcefully inside the WH. You're way too congenial. If UR really angry or frustrated or both- show it.
so whats your plan and don't say Obama care, that doesn't work, now if both sides would get together and cobble something togther
Ya and let Obamacare implode and call it a day Chucky
Get back to work and stop the "resistance" - it will backfire on the Dems - no longer relevant!
YOUR healthcare plan is tanking faster than the Titanic. Why keep up "this fight" for a FAILURE?
Progress in America is stronger public education, free college tuition, Fair Tax Act - Bill S.18 and Medicare for all - Bill HR 676!
obamacare is destroying "our care," so I guess you prefer the free market.  :-D ... #SmallGovernment
Schmuck
The only good republican is the one who is voted OUT of office.  Hope 2018 proves this.
