its because republicans make up the law as they go along.
Wait what is the law concerning crossing the border?  Enforcing law is NOT making up the law.
Obama enforced the law. Nazi traitor pedophiles lied.
Nazi traitor would mean he betrayed the Nazis. I am not sure where the pedophiles comes from beside falsely accusing childishly. Obama
and just because i dont use punctuation doesnt mean that you can create your own
Using untruthful words are the lefts way of arguing. Don't forget racist, hater of kittens, and throw in some lover of genocide.   CHILDISH.
just because you spread lies about kittens doesnt make what I said about nazi traitors any less true
Yeah they are all Nazis. Now go wait by the mailbox for your check I see your agenda
because he failed to follow the rules of DACA... Pay attention, please.
Focus Chucky, your hate is blinding you.
Hate?  I don't think that word means what you think it means.
I know exactly what hate is. The left pretends to love all, but look at their words and actions. Laughable actually.
It's true,  democrats do hate as well. They hate people who want to harm the vulnerable and people who are different from them.
So they hate diversity.
They hate people who refuse to help the vulnerable. They hate people who hate others only because they're different.
So ever time law is enforced now then they are racist. The definition of the word keeps getting broader and broader.
You're definately swimming in the swamp with the selfserving Libs. Looney Tunes can't believe they have to follow the law. Face it your fake
Because he got in trouble with the law he illegally went to  Mexico thinking he can illegally get back in the United States. #dumb
Goggle it Chucky.
Thank you Senator Schumer for looking at this. This is terrible for the DREAMer; the gov said they would not deport.
Did not deport get your facts right. He went there illegally and that made it illegal for him to come back.
Another dem that puts illegals before natural born citizens.
Deporting a dreamer was a small act of cruelty that Trump's base clamors for & can't  get enough of.
Exactly ... wonder how many of them are here with questionable legal status. The Trumpanzees that is
You have got to be kiddding me!  U know the answer!  Ur a joke!  Support the wall few yrs back but now against it!  Just a clown!
Um he didn't think he needed to follow the rules like the Dems. Follow rules or get the hell out!
Good luck getting that. This administration thinks they owe no explanations ever. All powerful.  Very scared for my country.
More scared than the fact that killers can walk across our borders with sacks of drugs that also kill people? The left continues to amaze!
Wrong. You guys make up problems as a hobby. What you describe is not happening. I do fear white nationalists. They are un-American.
Remember when your side said Obamacare would bring death panels? Where are they? Remember the boy who cried "wolf?" That's Republicanism.
a liberal talking about crying wolf while they scream about every single move @POTUS makes is laughable!
Did you demand answers when DREAMers were deported under Obama? Didn't think so.
Americans have DREAMS too! Let Mexico provide him with his dreams. We've had enough!
Why don't we just let in every dreamer who wants to come here. They can all stay at all the Liberal's  homes.
well I have already taken in two and have no problem taking in more children to do my part can't blame kids.
Don't forget to pick up their medical bills and put them on private school so my tax dollars don't have to pay for it.
sounds about right in an American "it is all about me" culture.
It's about Americans first. There are thousands of children in our inner cities that nobody cares about.
if you care so deeply about children in need please consider adoption instead of just tweeting about it.
He broke the law.  Now, can you concentrate on sending money for the bumpy highway (future 86)?
Because he is a known gang member and criminal, idiot. Blah blah blah
Trump says, "I know that these are good kids" publicly; then, he targets and deports them secretly. Very shady business indeed.
I agree with you
I think as payback we should DEPORT his WIFE 
LOL! Nice try. She came legally and became a citizen.
No, she worked here ILLEGALLY for two years.  That was in direct violation of her Visa.
Maybe you should check the facts. It's usually a good place to start
The dreamer tried to enter the US illegally and thus gave up his DACA status.
Because they were here ILLEGALLY.
Because he in not legal.But you leberal morons only inforce the laws you like
Because he is a known gang member and criminal. Idiot. Blah blah blah
Disappointed with @RepJuanVargas No town hall meeting, appearing on San Diego t v with @DarrellIssa
He broke the law. I know that hasn't mattered last 8 years but things are different now
wallet 3 hours later was dropped in Mexico,Kelly Claims Daca broke a rule with no explanation as to what rule  that DREAMer broke.
Illegal emigration down 70 % since our border patrol was allowed to do their job. GO Trump!
Oh the the racist word being played again. That song is getting old. The dude broke the conditions of his "dreamer" status.
Heard that Obama deported over 300 Dreamers tho
You heard wrong. That's the problem;  what you hear is a thread of truth wrapped in an alt-fact. He deported 300mm illegals, mostly felons.
Wtf...your wording is so blanketed.  Anyway, usa today reported the statistic that 300 DACA recipients were deported under obama
Because cops are taking matters into their own hands. WHY ARE THEY GETTING AWAY WITH IT
Huh?  By cops you mean boarder control and by own hands you mean arresting someone coming in illegally?
No. I'm talking about legal people being stopped and even taken in to be deported(mistakenly) because overzealous cops.
We need to take back some of the authority Trump has given to ICE.
Yes. ICE SHAME ON YOU FOR FOLLOWING THE LAW. BAD ICE NOT NICE.
@SenSchumer is a LYING, CRYING FOOL... he doesn't understand anything... time for him to retire
Because 'the brown people all need to go', apparently. These men are evil.
No the illegal people need  to go regardless of race.
When did your family come over, Mark? We're they legal. To my family, your people were once illegal immigrants.
We invaded and took spoils of land. People can come here legally I have so many friends that have. So go through the process or try conq.
Didn't live up to his agreement.
They are investigating. Quit acting like everyone but citizens are owed something. #schumerenemyno1
Selfserving Lib he was no longer DACA he left the country illegally and you know it. You're such a phony hypocrite part of the swamp.
Do u understand yet that u work 4 us and rep us & u shouldnt be tweeting if u don't know the facts. He went 2 Mexico, he broke his agreement
Preach it. Truth.
Because he ILLEGALLY entered again.
Numbers at food pantries here in #Kingston are WAY down because of ICE sweeps happening here now in our "sanctuary city".
Cry us a river.  Chuckie Pooh.  U are a phony.  Retire.  The dems are in vad shape.  Schumer. Pelosi, Warren, Waters.  Airheads.  Ha ha ha
What about due process. Trump is proving the word of US president is worthless and you can't trust this government.
Tomorrow will be 4 weeks since he assaulted a woman in a restaurant. No apology and media and supporters don't seem to care. #feminismmyass
Will the dreamer be allowed to return?
He broke the rules
He was here illegally. Crossed back to MX and crossed back and got caught is they way I heard it.
He broke the law when he tried to re-enter. It's illegal
Bc Trump Admin lying & racist. All they're missing r white robes. Maybe Ivanka will design?
He left the country and re entered with out notification.... Enforce our laws!!
No he is not a citizen he needs to explain why he broke the DACA rules
I can't believe you don't know. You just get dumber everyday. Time for retirement #dipshit & #MAGA
Why was that dreamer allowed to stay after he was arrested for theft ? Makes DACA VOID!! Get the facts !
He broke the rules of his agreement. Responsibilities and. Consiquences
He broke the law!
@SenSchumer He broke the law!!!!!! Why is that so damn hard for you Liberals to comprehend!
Because he broke the rules. But you knew that.
Under investigation by the Turkish government.  You are a weasel.
Thank you, Senator Schumer!
Google it Chuck
He Broke The LAW is that plain enough for you Crybaby
need the whole story first. Govt. said he left country on his own first. Get the whole story before condeming. Know it would be a first.
Good question, Senator. And how many inner city gang bangers, drug dealers, murderers and the ilk have been? #resistance
ICE IS DEPORTING BY COLOR.
Because he didn't follow the rules. Bye, bye.
i think chuckie because he went to mexico without notifying USA and then got caught sneaking back into USA.

does the word illegal have any meaning to you??
Interesting you think that the government has to answer to you

Why don't you do your job and let law enforcement do theirs
He was deported because agents have tasted the power.  They won't lessen it or give it up.
Deport them all
People at @ICEGOV are disgusting! they should be ashamed to be called themselves Americans.
If you don't have the documents you shouldn't be here. Short sweet and simple and you can't get common sense from college
Cause he left the country and tryed to  sneak back in. U know this 
Already has, dimwit.  He has a theft conviction against him.  Like it or not, it IS appropriate to hold dreamers to a high standard.
Because he came back into the country illegally!!
Already provided answers two days ago Chuckie
He broke the law.... not tough to figure out.
Because broke the you fool!!!
He didn't have a Schmucky Schumer Hall pass....oh...boo hoo......
#maga
that's an easy one Chuckie, they are still ILLEGAL.
Hate to break this to you, but you are not law enforcement.
Because he was convicted for theft. Obey the immigration laws.
Chuck you like stirring the pot, how sad...
You are going to wear out that big spoon that you keep stirring with!! Sooner rather than later hopefully!
1. He had a criminal background   2. He broke the #DACA terms   I'd stop LYING Chuck.  #LyinChuckSchumer .@POTUS .@DHSGOV
Because Trump is a liar!
he broke the law something democrats wouldn't know about the law is for all not just when it benefits you
the law isn't something one can pick and choose keep the ones you like and break the ones you don't like
Why is New York breaking federal immigration laws? When I break the law, I go to jail. How come you don't?
I'm disgusted with most of Congress. Sick if race card propaganda that your CFR media network programmers and propagandists deliver all day
Most of you have failed the American People playing your race, sex, and religion propaganda cards all for your own wealth and agendas.
Bush, Clinton & Obama proponents of One World Order Agenda, sad to see most high ranking politician's like you & McCain in bed for that
Maybe if congress litterally enforced 1903 and 1906 U.S. immigration laws, we would see less of these sad incidents. Open borders 4 votes!
And Immigration Laws go back to 1800's sad to see most of Dem/RINO Dems masquerading around as Republicans within the GOP don't care
How did members of MS-13 murder 4 teens on LI  & all we heard from you was crickets. Are they DREAMers too!   Your silence is sh*t politics
Time to provide real security for your constituents and leave politics out of it!
When will you supoort mandatory body cameras 4 all NYC Police Officers? They PROTECT all involved interacting with Police Officers in NYC.
Your talking about the one that left the country and was caught climbing  a wall to get back in that violated the rules of DACA?!
again if I did something (breaking the law) I would b n jail, on probation & have to pay fines. Why do these people get away with everything
He broke the law!
Tell the whole story not just works for you!
Stay on them Senator and keep asking questions for us. #Immigration
Chuckles', it's call American Law. Ya know, those pesky little things you guys pass.
Dreamers are illegal Chucky. Illegal is illegal. Deport. Prosecute
Because they are BOTH ILLEGAL.
these comments prove the russian trolls are still here. You need to kick them out of the party before democrats will win again.
Because they were following the Laws that Congress has passed into Law. Don't play us for fools! @realDonaldTrump is Schumer a mental case?
they love deporting
He left on his own
AGAIN, YOU STIRRED THE POT!   You've got everyone on both sides at each other's throats? WAKE UP, PEOPLE!  What's he distracting us from ?

THEY ALL HAVE TO GO BACK
Answer: Because he exited the country without permission then attempted to re-enter illegally and was caught by border patrol.
Because he was here illegally. Try to keep up.
Because he left the country and tried to sneak back in! R U really that thick??? Shut up Schumer or we'll deport U to Iraq!
@RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley Has the Oregon delegation put their weight behind this? No to mass deportation. No wall.
Simple answer #realdonaldlies
Repel DACA, there now problem solved, next issue please! MAGA
Get the record straight Chuck.  This kid left the country and then entered again illegally. Against the rules =CRIMINAL,
@SenSchumer you need to know the facts. If this guy stayed in the country and was not a bad actor he might not have this happen to him
U mean the one they caught attempting to sneak back into the US??? Maybe Mexico isn't so bad if he went back on his own free will
I vote in NY.  Even I know why, why don't you, you are a senator?
Because he didn't comply with the DACA agreement that said you must notify before leaving US. A shame U aren't that concerned about VETS.
Take time to review the facts Chuck.  Criminal who was caught crossing back into USA.  Spreading lies again Chuck.
Shut your mouth and do something for the country
Why are there so many "illegal" aliens in the U.S. Senator???
Careful Chuck, Trump may deport you back to Transylvania
Because he's brown that's why. The racism against Latinos is ridiculous!  Latinos r not the only undocumented, yet the only targets
Because he should have been to start with. Simple he is an illegal.
Remember Sessions doesn't work 4 the US He works for Trump who has prejudice feelings towards Muslims & Latinos Trump's a liar
#ImpeachTrump
Why is @DHSgov even a thing?
If you listed to FOX news perhaps you would know what really happened. The truth is out there.
Because he has mental challenges Same thing Nazi Hitler did first kill the inferiors in his one testicle mind
Well if that's the case you snowflake libs better watch out!
He wasn't deported. .
The only consistency in this administration is being criminal? Why isn't he impeached already? #ImpeachTrump
Senator please help me please help my family is in desperate need we have been wronged by bronx family court
Watching Rachel Maddow where AG and HS are trying to say he left of his own accord. How can they lie like that?
It's a good start!
There must be something someone can do before he gets us into war or turns US into a KLEPTOCRACY.  DEMS GET OFF YOUR HIGH HORSE AND FIGHT!!!
Oh yeah and he doesn't want the Russia headlines!! What I'd like to know is why congress is doing NOTHING. Dems the minority but ...
Oh I know🖑🖑🖑 trump is an asshat who is looking for a scapegoat so he can look strong and divert attention from wreaking gov from the inside?
He committed crimes.
He lied again!
maybe because he was in Mexico which is a violation of DACA and tried to come back in to U.S.,
U know the answer Senator, he violated DACA rules by leaving the country and then tried to come back in, shame on U..
@SenSchumer Please let us know when you receive an honest answer.
He a criminal
Because the administration is openly racist
@windmillcharger @DHSgov I'm gonna go with...Because he was Brown? Don't see any Icelanders being deported do you?
I guess not only law breakers, but rule breakers, don't bother you. Amazingly illegals get more protection than citizens, thanks to you.
Was he legal, just being a dreamer does not make him legal, if illegal, he is a criminal.
senator schemer I helped a dreamer obtain her status and her permission to go back to Mexico. Maybe you need to READrule
Watch something besides @CNN Chucky, you'll find out why. Stop letting them spoon feed ya. Better yet, you stop spoon feeding your audience.
Yes we demand answers!!!!!
Because DACA is liberal speak for ILLEGAL !
DACA is the law of the land...it's not illegal.
Why don't you have same level of zeal when it comes to US Citizens and our rights? Provide answers!
