Obama care sure didn't and hasn't. No where go but up we at bottom now.
I will continue to suffer with ACA and no insurance coverage. I will vote for those willing to assist American citizens.
We are 5 trillion dollars in debt! Who is paying for this? So shouldn't we all have the same insurance you have? Yes!
Are we waiting until AFTER the war w NK to start impeachment?  Just wondering how to plan the rest of my life.
Tell them to give up until you can do it right!

With the rep bill you could have had your single payer system you wanted. But remember NY WILL get less because NY and 3 other states (1)
Lies Chuck. Anyways NY is covering almost every person in the state, including NON citizens, refugees, and anyone you can bus in.
Blah blah blah
Scrap it all and stay the hell out of healthcare. It's not the government's place! Our leadership is not mentally or ethically equipped.
We need Universal Health care for all!
Medicaid was illegally expanded and needs to be stopped! This program was for the crippled,  deaf,  and severely injured, not for any others
Abbott refused to expand Medicaid and TX became the leader in infant and maternal mortality.
What are you using to formulate your premise? Sounds like horseshit to me.
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
I'M SURE YOUR GOING TO BACK THE "SINGLE PAYER" SYSTEM WHICH WILL TAKE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE OFF THE PLAN THEY LOVE. I BET YOUR KEEPING YOURS.
(2) NY and 3 others inc CA take up most of the allotted fed funds for medicaid and are only TWENTY % of the US population! Hows that fair?
Good.
Thank you for fighting for US!
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @SenSanders @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @amyklobuchar
Americans want a BIPARTISAN SOLUTION
Because of this debate from both sides, we all see the healthcare problem is still not solved. Far from it. Let Congress have more debate.
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck is back at it again trying to save the failed & disastrous NObamacare. #sad
Instead of complaining, go back to what it was like before Obamacare. Take the best parts, modify the worst & fix the problem
Somehow insurance companies need to be reigned in. All of this nonsense is about the dollar!
You, Pelosi and Dems ridicule daily. Collins at al a failure in Senate. Others not any better. Sad truth "people lose" and liberals mislead.
Those states are greedy pigs living beyond their means dependent on the expanded cash
#ChuckSchumerLovesHookers
Lies,lies,lies,lies do you Know how to tell the truth
Bottom line chuckles is what ever bullshit you pick. All you fucktards should have to have it as well. Bet we would get the caddie of hC
Americans are at a point we don't believe any of you any more.We r tired of a do-nothing self-serving congress ( both parties). Do your job!
Chuck, please support Medicare for all. Drop your donors and join the majority of Americans who support this. I voted for you.
This is what you have stooped too Schumer wining and sitting there figuring out what your next scheme is to do nothing butcomplainanddisrupt
As a person thats family greatly benefits from the Medicade expansion...Please #SaveACA
Are you currently using ObamaCare?
Chuck, we want #SinglePayer like other civilized countries. We also want access to the #Cannabis in every ZIP CODE. #Cannabis Sativa L #Hemp
New York State is one of the states which would be penalized.  Keep up the good fight!
Stop trying to socialize medicine. More government control is not the answer. Look at the #VAGov Healthcare. Wait for months. Rationed.#MAGA
@Ronan4Progress Hey Chuck, when your gonna support #MedicareForAll? Time to say goodbye to the donors and support the ppl.
People in Nebraska are denied care because of GOP Governor & GOP Senator's & GOP Congressmen.
Help Puerto Rico...
Millions in Puerto Rico are without power & aid after #Maria. Congress is back today - emergency help for PR should be 1st priority. https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/912319043016839169 …
Vote no!
KEEP CALLING I DON'T TRUST THE NO VOTERS 
Bravo Senator Chuck Schumer
Chuck you are a lier... quit crying and work with the republicans and fix this mess!!!
What crap!  Chuck represents NY.  NY is one of 3 states who abuse Medicare funds.  NY, Ca & Mass take 37% of Medicare$, 47 states share rest
Oh now you care for US citizens? Stop with the fake concern. You and your are quick to abandon us for your narrow interests - which is you.
Isn’t it spelled #ProtectOurTaxpayerSubsidizedCare? 
or
#ProtectCongressCare?
Expansion of #Medicaid was just one of #ObamaCare's failures. It was already unsustainable & Dems added to the problem. #RepealandDeregulate
When you say "Protect Our Care", you must mean what members of congress get, because obamacare doesn't provide a damn thing.
Why don't you talk about New York.... Schumer ?? Because like California you now get 40% of the Federal revenue in healthcare !!
#GrahamCassidyِ is a recipe for disaster. All Americans should have equal healthcare. Pls vote no and work to improve the ACA #bipartisan
Shut up you liar.
obama care is a disaster ,you wanted it chuckie,so hard to believe anything you say
What about AZ Chuckie? Take a good look at the coverage and premiums, then tell me how great your program is. TERM LIMITS!
You lied about your plan. Lie. Lie. Lie. Liar. You only support the protesters to get their votes. Then you ignore them. #demogogs
Trump's only pushing through b/c Donor is Demanding it & tax overhaul!  That's Extortion!! By Koch brothers! Light up their phones!!
This law puts control of the new entitlement u created in the hands of states Why should I pay for what a state other than mine opted to do?
https://twitter.com/LegalClaws/status/912416514166317057 …
Medicare is Bankrupt and failing senior citizens!! Tell the truth chuck!
Chuck what is Obamacare an expansion of what?  You need to be voted out
GESTAPO:
https://twitter.com/BanditRandom/status/912396043802644481 …
Why should some states get any more (proportionately) than any other state? You are whining because blue states lose and are GREEDY. Be fair

Stop trying to destroy America just because you are no longer in power! You keep losing at every turn!
you know damn good and well their are lot of people on #Medicaid that don't need to be @realDonaldTrump needs HHS go and look at everyone
So they want the American tax payer to pay for it.  Time to get back under budget Chuck. The money has run out.
Healthcare is really important! Puerto Rico needs help now!!! Can you get Congress to act!
In other words. They planned for medicaid expansion before it happened. Knowing full well they can't pay for it.
Why do u keep talking, u r the ones that slipped aca into our laps & now it is blowing up & nobody can afford it anyway! U R the theives!
Did @jimmykimmel tell you that?
You Democrats amazed me! You lie so much it doesn’t even bother you anymore. You'd life for free if somebody offered you $100 for the truth.
You Democrats amazed me! You lie so much it doesn’t even bother you anymore. You would not know the truth of it slapped you in the face.
You lie, Obama care is NOT insurance the cost & deductibles are too high. What good is a policy if you can afford the deductibles.
Sorry chuck but 40 % of Medicaid goes to 20% of population in 4 states....California gives it to everyone...even illegals
So @FLGovScott didn’t expand Medicaid so now he wants funds of the states that did. @GOP is organized crime. #Florida #GrahamCassidy

Mr.Schumer...you need to be thrown in a padded room-with your mouth taped shut-FOREVER!!!
Figure out how to get people, who could be, off Medicaid. This should be your focus, not hyping ACA with all its flaws. This is your problem
The @GOP is all about "States Rights" until they want to trample on their rights to suit their inhumane purposes...
Just say this chuck: if TRUMP wants it we're against it. Just say it to the American people.
Tell me Chuck, please site what page, paragraph or section of the bill says what you say.  I'd like to read it for myself as you should
Trying to fix obummer's  big fat mistake is an uphill climb!
#Liar
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL
What? You just found out needs fixing? You speculate what the new bill will or not do. Mean while we are living the attrocity of ACA.#repeal
That's a very pretty chart. You really think "the people" are stupid. U say no repeal, to fix it. Why haven't u been fixing it all these yrs

Fact: I just paid the hospital bill for many of those ppl who refused insurance but showed up in emergency anyway. I know them personally.
@GOP doesn't mind a transfer of wealth as long as it is from blue states to red states. Didn't @LindseyGrahamSC hate #louisianapurchase ?
Get your head out of the sand - Expansion was not called for, Dems had years to fix ACA. Did nothing while folks suffered financial chaos
Becue republicans were set on destroying obama's presidency. Get real. Learn the history and the facts.
Wow, Really? So Dems did nothing to correct ACA deficits since Reps were trying to regain WH? Must have learned tactic from Dems - re: Bush!
You are absurd.
AND, you sir, have not a clue! You need to be a bit more open-minded when you are debating an issue so you can come across as informed
Healthy people are happy and productive which translates to a stronger economy.  I thought GOP stood for fiscal responsibility.
Where's your proposal on health care chuckles?  All you dems do is bitch and complain but offer NOTHING.
Don t you mean it will cut off all those illegals getting Medicaid in N Y
It allocates each recipient the same dollars. Why is that a bad thing chuck?
Put a sock in it Schumer!
You mean the states that took the money from the Democrats?  You broke it now someone has to fix it.
How many are uninsured in Obamacare (joke) Rs want CARE..... and insurance doesn't mean care! Except for guys like you.
Stop America do not believe this self serving political hack he does not care 4 American citizens his only concern is 4 himself & illegals
That's BS! Obamacare is seriously hurting middle class Americans.
and the ACA penalizes anyone/everyone who doesn't want coverage or had coverage b4; ur only against because it isn't a @SenateDems plan
Keep talking to your GOP colleagues! Convince a few to vote NO.
Why. States can address it without gov dictating how it is spent. Is California cancer different than n. Dakota cancer?
15 states split 5.5B?  How is that a win for any of them?  AND people will lose their healthcare only to receive a paltry block credit??
People might not know who gave them healthcare but they will know who took it away #GrahamCassidy #SenateHearing
What do u mean by "our" care? U already have yours for free bitchling.
But it allows the multiple other states to help their people. Your right Obamacare was only set up for liberal states. That's all u care abo
Sen graham says we will be able to hold our state reps accountable is that before or after I die while waiting for coverage
Including @BillCassidy's home state, Louisiana.
Secondly, were you upset about citizens being penalized for not purchasing health insurance under the #ACA?
Why don't you just quit taking our money and telling us we need something. If I listened to the "health care pros" I would be dead. ForcedHC
Wait a minute sir, you're upset that citizens would be penalized under the #GrahamCassidyBill re: health insurance?
Liar!! You politicians need to live within your means!!!!! Stop raising my, and our, taxes!! ACA is UNAFFORDABLE!!!

Full repeal is what America demands

