Have a cry @senschumer
All you have is hate toward our Potus. No ideas, no leadership, just hate and bitterness. Not becoming.
Chuck I never agree with you at any point but in this case you might be correct Chinathe puppet mastr
Also get real on there actual impact on or election it's a bullshit talking point according to your president Obama let it go and govern
Too bad you speak with forked tongue. You hear what you want to hear not what was said.
 chuckie
obviously @SenSchumer has been eating dog shit for the whole week
Lies lies and More Lies you are told the president was under investigation yet you lied to the American people.
Why are looney liberals such drama queens
Nothing to miss sure someone wrote it for you and nothin of any intelligence to read. Back to sleep Chucky
Keep it up, Chuckie!  You're the best poster child for the New Republicans!  Maybe only 2nd to Pelosi, and Warren right behind you 
And Waters
Don't forget all the WAPO stats of $400billion/yr US cyber Espionage loss was compiled during the 8 yrs of the Obama Admin!?!
Why would we read more lies. You and Obama let the world take advantage of us
That's because he has the art of the brown nose down pat...
Keep mouth closed Chuck.  No word from you on what your liberal constituent from Nebraska on Scalise shooting
I saw that. It was despicable and not one liberal speaking out about it.
LAWYERS CORRUPTED SOUND FAMILIAR FOR ME
So now it's 'Trump - China collusion'??? Another vast waste of US taxpayer $$$millions to help Democrits create chaos, Mr.Schumer!?!
That's fitting...you write for the Washington Compost.
Wrong, he won't let u or anyone know what he's thinking or doing until job is done
Your brain is softer! I never heard you say anything about China before now! Obama was softer than Trump on everything and you loved him!
A match made on heaven. You and WaPo.
I'm sure he's used to "going soft" all the time
if you go back to the president rallies he did not rail against China more lies from Schumer
It's called diplomacy Chuck. Keep your friends close, and enemies closer. Vito Corleone
Maybe send him some chinese viagra.
Trump is making China accountable for N Korea. He is putting NATO in place. Thank goodness for intelligence in government not golf scores.
Well at least he's not Blowing the guy like out last President did.
Please focus away from trying to remove Trump & concentrate on tax&healthcare improvement FOR ALL the American people, not just the left.
If Trump is soft then Obama was liquid they could move him anyway they wanted. And you're  like noxious gas
LOL so true
If you can't support our president, you do NOT represent America.  YOU aren't president, Chuckles. You will be voted out next year! Promise!
They forget, Trump won so we could get rid of liberalism.
Always the obstructionist
Crying Chuck your hero OBama draws lines in the sand and when it gets steamed rolled nothing happens
He is rather flacid when it comes to actual confrontation.
HYPOCRITE
But he's has not LIED to the public like you have.
Any comment on the VA accountability EO the president has signed? 
Probably not, it would be hard for you to criticize this .
You supported the wall, now you don't.#Hypocrite
Like Clinton?
Read your op-ed & it's 90% BS only to continue yoir partisan politics against Trump. The condition you describe was caused by 8 yrs of Obama

China the new State Department oh wait he just tweeted China failed with North Korea Never mind
Approved trademarks can do that to you. SICK
@potus @greggutfeld  Chucky You can Lie all you want, you are desperate because your party is failing. The WAPO cant save you and your lies.
Schumer you knew that Trump wasn't under investigation and went out and told America he was you are disgusting man How do you sleep at night
he's ballin', trademarks and proprietary patents, hotel and real estate deals, etc.  Just using taxpayer money to build his wealth.
And you Chuckie never had to change your mind due to diplomacy.
We had 8 years of a president dividing our nation. You can be part of uniting us again. Stop the bashing and rhetoric.
seems like you prefer to be enemies with China, Russia etc. instead of working to bring peace and prosperity to the world! #MAGA #USA #PEACE
Ya well there's this country called North Korea that has Nuclear weapons, it would be easier to work with china over getting South Korea
Nuked because you would rather him stand up to China. Just like your daddy obama did
You're a pathetic pile of  you and your entire party is irrelevant now, and you can't handle not having power

America is DONE taking it up the ass by other countries.  Deal with WINNING Chuckles.
I will lead a campaign next year against Chuckles and Racist Maxine!
Ford will make Focus in China. @POTUS says nothing about it prob because Trump brand products are made there!  HE'S HYPOCRITE IN CHIEF!
Chuck. Everyday you are against something. Everyday you whine. Why are we paying you?  Let's see some ideas from the Democratic leader.
Gee let's think about that for a min. We need China to help stop N.K. what idiot would slap someone down we need? That's right a liberal.
Voters appreciate @POTUS speaks raw reality. As President he is working to REbuild world leader relationships which Voters also appreciate.
wow that'll ummm pretty much DK NOTHING to stop trumps WEALTHCARE bill from passing
Yeah, his you know what is soft, that's why Melonoma has a side guy...
#thatswhatshesaid
I'M SURE YOU'RE THE ONE WHO'S GONE SOFT! The @POTUS is now governing NOT campaigning! @TheDemocrats ARE OBSTRUCTING not helping to govern!
Cryin' Chuck don't get it!
They lose because they lie!
First priority now is killing Trumpcare. China can wait. #GOPDeathPanels #GOPDeathcareBill
Why not try and work w the guy....really, you have a chance to break new ground.  You know this fighting is stupid
During campaign Dems "he's going to start WW3 with China". Now he's changed his strategy "he's soft on China". Good Luck next November Dems
He's a big fat 2 faced A-Hole!!!!
Is there any Democrates or anyone who can stop Mr; Trump, and his Machiavellian posse? A High court maybe? Help!!
fake news!
Getting trademarks will do that. He never hurts his business interests.
Negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative, negative .............
Senator Schumer shorter: Trumps extremely naive, "Charm Offensive," failed with China.
In case u didn't notice North Korea is CRAZY, china has influence over them. It's smart to get along with China. Figure it out cryin chuck
Accusing Trump of having "gone soft" is even worse than pointing out that he has small hands.
Not soft! We need China to assist with North Korea. Use your head quit being so partisan. Quit obstructing try working with POTUS.
Trying to get along with someone is not going soft!
who cares? where is your commitment to filibuster the AHCA?
So much for accentuating the positive
Chuckle Chuck , keep talking while we keep winning !!!! By By. Libtard
Of course @realDonaldTrump has,he's getting trademarks he's tried 2 get for years & was unsuccessful until becoming POTUS,coincidence? NO
Then he was announcing the deal. Now we're seeing the terms of the deal they worked out. China understands. We need to, also.
yup, but he has BIGLY business dealings in China now...  the pattern has been established
WP IS A LIBERAL BIAS PAPER, I never believe nor respect there views
I think you are speaking too soon.  He gave them a chance.
The one that is soft is you chuck, right between your ears! You are a lier!
Schumer the biggest coward wuss in DC. If he had any guts he'd work with POTUS and help country. Just a parasite collecting taxpayer &!
You personally are a reason I left dem party and voted trump.
The bots are out in full attack mode since yesterday, don't engage, block, and move on
Can't read wapo without subscription & frankly, it isn't worth it. As for going soft..better deals have been made since election.
U just want us in a war with everybody for your own gains. USA getting along with china is a good thing. Why do u want USA to fail so badly?
Soft comment is just so inadequate here.Amoral,self-inflated "tiny,little man" blatantly misusing his position of power for himself.Insanity
Soft?? Hahahaha.. Lil Chuckie Lies a Lot
The only thing that is "soft" is ur head Get with the program Stop the obstruction Do something Good 4 America Do something right 4 a change
It's all those personal deals he and his clan are making.
Your the last person to be talking about waffling.  You've flipped so many times your nickname is pancake.
China sucking up to #trump. Only reference point he has. And his voters go along with whatever he says
No thanks.I prefer the truth.U lose each x u come up against @POTUS with ur Fake narratives.1st Nancy, then Schmucky Soros, finally Maxi W.!
yep. Follow the money. Trump money.
ur cohorts are railin against u and nancy,,,
And you would be lambasting our president if he took a hard line with china. You are just a pitiful little liberal.
Melania has a similar complaint.
#China grand champion of currency manipulation #AmericaFirst #BrokenPromise @AFLCIO @steelworkers @SecretaryRoss @USTradeRep @VP @USTreasury
Of course, they gave him is trademark liscenses. He got what he wanted so now they're best friends!
Just another Biased story to Slam Trump.  This is getting soooo old. Couldn't even finish the article is was so Biased. COMPLETE BULLSHIT !!

Tweets provide insight into your altzheimers progression
Keep calm and wear a pink hat.
@POTUS needs China to keep North Korea in check. Unless you want to send someone else's kids into another war.
Got a few trademarks for himself and Ivanka!  Gave control of southeast Asia to China!
Is it that or is he negotiating from a position of power?
Why would you post your wise article in a #propaganda paper? #FakeNewsMedia
Keep at it Senator. You're know your hitting them when GOP sends more and more Russian Trolls. American Patriots like you will outlast them.
How does a democrat crybaby like you call anyone soft?
Lol..shouldnt u be doing some REAL work instead of working 4 wapo..r u one of their un-named source too?
They gave him presents and the baby likes presents
OBSTRUCTIONIST!  Meeting with head of China and having conversations/negotiations doesn't mean "he has gone soft", it's called diplomacy!
You wouldn't say anything positive either way you PARTISAN HACK!!!
Well, for startees Ivanka has gotten many trademark deals in China...
So does everything you own
THEY BOUGHT TRUMPS.
Looks like u might be the clown!  TPP going ahead w China as lead instead of USA. Lost all those markets!
Is a communist country that is increasingly becoming more capitolistic when it comes to the economy!  Opting out = big mistake, IMHO!
*capitalistic
I'm not sure you understand either of those concepts judging by your statement
Tradmarks
Pretty sure he's been "soft" for a while. Ewww.
You've got a soft spot in your  chucky!!!
This is EXACTLY why you Dems are losing. Focus on one message everyone cares about. Evil #Trumpcare
And you embraced Hillary and her server; how did that turn out. Why attack the victor-look to thyself Senator
Perhaps it has to do w/ products that are made 4 some of his/family companies made there. Hum, can't hurt his cash inflow, hurt USA instead.
With companies fleeing the US over the years where did you expect people to go.
"At least he (Xi) tried," right? Trump got trumped by Russia & now China. Is Syria next? Lack of leadership, poor judgment, and arrogance.
No chuckles not soft a hard business man 
Not like your lies as a political smuck 

Go to your room and cry 

Vote your #criminal party home

EXCLUSIVE: Inside Obama’s secret struggle to punish Russia for Putin’s attack on American democracy http://wapo.st/2t1VhEY 
All hands on deck on healthcare.  Why Op-Ed on China and not healthcare?
DEM focus:
1. Laws 2 pass: We ALL do better when we ALL do better.
2 corporate $ influence /citizens u.
3 Gerrymandering
4 Voter suppression
hehehehehehe. Because the world changes on a dime. Proving Pres. can multi task and take care of what's best for the country!
The tears. Let them flow Chuck.
Maybe diplomacy works better. Put a little scary talk and they get in line. You bunch of 
At least he has not went am apology tour
Let me guess:  45 is not fulfilling a campaign promise.
#CryinChuck we don't care what you think You're obstructing the peoples' business as #TheResistance You're not in charge.
You libs need to stoping watching MSM ITS MAKING Y'all  CRAZY!! #MAGA
Soft? More like true to form
All that huff and puff and blow your house run action by trump was another scam
don the con has earned that name by scamming ppl
why are you talking about China for he's trying to gut Medicaid FFS chuck get a grip
How many trademarks did they award him?
Exactly my thoughts, word for word.
Yes because nobody else in the U.S. does business in China. Take a look around your houses.
#CryinChuck
