Get schumer out
I can't wait till the expulsion process gets started on you
Can't wait for Ted Cruz to be nominated next!!!! Gorsuch and Cruz on the same court!!!! GOP heaven...


My conservative tears mug is dirty and it leaks like hell.
Republicans are not the ones backpedaling that would be Schumer
Trump backpedals on what he ate for breakfast. He lies.
Speculation! The difference between Republicans and Democrats we go on Bonafide facts, you go on sheer speculation! And backpedal
It'll all come out in The End. How's it going with Mexico paying for that wall? No backward movement there.


Shut up
Stop talking and start working
keep up the good work Senator! We will remember it at election time. Vote you in&vote the @GOP who covered up #trumpRussia out!
Chuck poor excuse for a leader
Are you proud of your work now? You're actually upset that Republicans implemented the precedent you started! You should step down &  resign
Is there any other way to speak?
You have proven once again the Dems are really the JV TEAM. If you ever get back on power you will of course forget all of your failures.
There must be something mentally wrong with you!!
Such a piss poor strategic move.
Nuclear Option is a must. Your buddy Harry Reids rule. It will be used the democrats will lose again. Your excuses are just politics
Dont tell me you are still alive? Damn just as I was getting my hopes up
GOP obstructed judges, infrastructure fixes, everything 8 yrs, & media didn't demand they stop 4 the good of Democracy. They broke all rules
That ought to b boring & liefull
You, Chuckie, and a lying, cheating, complete assh*le - blah blah blah...it's all the same. Nothing but BS, doublespeak and LIES!
Poor chuckles. FYI the American people are going to win with Trump regardless of your constant crying like a baby. Dems have lost power, bye
NUKE YOU.
You are the ones who can stop the nuclear option. Just shut up!
You all started this nuclear option. And yet you all never learn from your mistakes! Idiots!
Im so glad you and you fellow liberals will not get a chance to use Supreme Court to impose your ways and destroy our country
Blah, blah,blah,blah. I'm sick of hearing democrats whine... All you do is whine. The Am. people need you all to work together with repubs.
Gorsuch works for Corporations not people
#Gorsuchfilibuster
Your behavior is outrageous
Guard rails keep EVERYONE safe. Nuclear option is cowardly, shameful & puts party, pride above people. #StopGorsuch #WeObject #StolenSeat
Democraps started this, now Republicans are finishing it. Want some cheese with your whine??
Obama got lower court judge approved. Omaha policewoman murdered with straw purchased gun. Judge gave probation. Repubs need 2 stop insanity
You caused this Schumer.  Your insatiable HATE for Trump shows and you really need to get a grip on reality.  You screwed the Senate up.
I'm thinking Putin assured McConnell a win, and that's why he blocked Garland. Too much of a conspiracy theory?
Gorsuch will turn out to be one of the all time greats on the Supreme Court. I can easily see Chief Justice in his future.
When the @SenateGOP go nuclear will @SenateDems finally grow a spine ? 
Are you tired of getting shat on @SenateDems ?
Rule of law "will" be political? lol that's rich. The ninth circus court is all political. We need a Judge to overturn them clowns "rulings"
Where is your handkerchief?
THREE branches of US Gov, Chuck....THREE.  There is no "mainstream" on the court.  They read the law not make it.
The North Korea of the Senate... you, Mr. Schumer, should be ashamed!
NoVoteForGorsuch!DJT Under FBI Investigation! For possible TREASON!!!!!!! No Vote!
If you would just vote for Gorsuch who is more than qualified then no nuclear option. You're making a huge mistake!
You change the rules and then cry foul when Republicans use it against you. Step down you are divisive and out of touch.
Lots of Russian Bots commenting on this tweet. Get over it, you will lose.
He is getting confirmed!
Judges do not make law.  But you already know that.
Move on and get to work on actual business that has not already been decided. Partisanship is not productive.
Who really cares?
You insult our intelligence.  Neil Gorsuch is a textbook judge of the US system.  Look for another job.
THE ENTIRE reason that Donald Trump was elected over Hillary was for this Supreme Court Seat. This was for All the marbles. Game over. Boom.
Speaking live?
More---------
BLAH
BLAH
BLAH
BLAH
BLAH
BLAH
BLAH
BLAH
BLAH
BLAH
WHO?
Why should Mitch mention Garland? He isn't  the nominee. Obama should of picked him in '09 & '10, when he had the chance. #NuclearOption
Embarrassment every day. At least your consistent. #draintheswamp #TermLimits are needed for hypocrites like you. #SchumerMakesAmericaSick
He is a worthy guy. Better than many democrats. Stop the harassment.
So glad you could finally make it, Ms. Feinstein!
Retire...you are a shameful obstructionist !
You are such a liar. Harry Reid changed the rules. Democrats own this. Nobody believes the lies that you spout.
Speaking live?
You're alive?
Thought they made u in the Democratic Mattel Factory. 
I know they got the bs meter in right.
It's the looks?
Chuck biggest crock of crap is that you want GOP to sit down with DEMS and let DEMS pick the candidate. And you said it with a straight face
Absolutely no way ALL Democrats except those facing a re-election fight are against Gorsuch...they all are licking your a@@ to vote no.
This falls on your shoulders! You can say in your speech it falls on Senator McConnell but you know it falls on you!
Actually it's going to fall on the entire republican criminal enterprise in @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan 
EpicFailure
Are you for real? What it must be like to live in that head of yours!!
god called scalia home so Obama could appoint garland. GOP working against will of God
YOU HAVE TO START TELLING THE PEOPLE WHAT THEY CAN DO!!
LEAD
STOP THE COMPLAINING AND GET OUT INFO LIKE PHONE NUMBERS TO CALL-DIRECTION !!
@SenSchumer 
May all your words be truth.
May any lies you utter today
Haunt you in days to come.
Thanks for all the fodder 4 right 2 use.
By the way..Clarence Thomas had 52 votes. All you have to do is stop the filibuster. You have a choice and you are making the wrong choice.
amazing that he can show his stupidity and not be ashamed of it . by the way good job on working the UN Israel vote.
Changing the nomination will just result in the same ending...doing the same thing again and again is insanity.
As Einstein said! But Schumer is no Einstein!
This is a one man comedy routine. 2003 Chuck started filibuster for judges. Dems created nuclear option. What part of this has he forgot? 
Love your comments on his conservative beings...glad you are coming around!
I cannot believe you would even have the nerve to get up and speak when you started this! You caused this division!!!! This falls on you
Schumer give it up ! Nobody cares what you think ! We just want you to retire
watch me not care...
Good luck with the filibuster!
Destroy something good today. Bring America down.
Did you mention he's a plagiarist?
Good for you. Remember do what bernie says
And Nobody cares
We have to pick our battles... If Trump gets another pick, THAT is the one we should fight, as it's FAR more critical than this one
This is the one that establishes whether or not the GOP can walk away with a stolen seat. Don't just dismiss how huge that is.
Not saying it's not important. I'm saying as far as the balance of the court goes, which is CRITICAL, the next pick IS more important
It doesn't have to be. Who knows who the next one will replace? Getting a moderate where Scalia was could change everything.
We won't get a moderate, and that's not how it should work. The POTUS should nominate based on their views. Just like our side has done
Then let's hold the seat open as long as we legally can, and have faith in RBG. I just can't agree to letting this slide.
I disagree with you here, respectfully. I'd take Gorsuch if we struck a deal to not use nuke next pick. This is a danger to our country
So is 40 years of Gorsuch, and I wouldn't trust this GOP to honor that deal for a second. There's not really any great outcome here.
