If you are pregnant & need maternity care, your plan may have decided it's too expensive under #ObamaCare
What? Maternity care is mandatory under the #ACA (that's #Obamacare in case you're one of those that didn't know they were the same thing)
Don't bother with @SandiRyan115 and her understanding of the ACA. It's not about truth and facts with these people. It's follow and OBEY.
Riiiiiiiiight.  That's why Schumer came out BEFORE reading the bill, with a planned statement..ABOUT the bill. #demsareclueless
Also Trump is serving shit sandwiches. Don't forget to get in line for your daily meal.
You're quite the rude lady, aren't you..
But she's not wrong. You, on the other hand, couldn't be more clueless.
Yup.. I'm just a clueless deplorable.. #winning #maga #sorelosers #outoftouchdems
GOP & their families should forfeit their tax-funded healthcare & be required to be on "trumpcare" since they claim it's better than ACA.
There is No ACA.. it has imploded
Only in your delusional right-wing brain-washed mind.
Name Calling... liberal response
I just speak the http://truth.You 're not right wing?U saying it's imploding is delusional & rhetoric.
At least it can be read in 5 days, unlike Ocare that was put together only by Dems, 2700 pages, Senate bill 146 pages
It's sad when we decide it's too expensive to even try to have children. Pay for our own birth control somehow & stop reproducing. Period.
It's called priorities. If you want kids maybe you give up the bigger house, the luxury car, the latest IPhone. Make the kid your priority.
You haven't tried to have kids lately then. The costs are so high w/o insurance that they won't even be an option except for the wealthy.
I've got an 8 and 9 year old and I never expected anyone to subsidize my life my choices. Not wealthy by any standard. Responsibility.
I can't believe I have to keep explaining this to people. I'm so happy for you that everything worked out perfectly. Not everyone is lucky.
I went through fertility testing, multiple miscarriages, etc. To have one child 28 years ago. Labor was induced, specialists to be sure...
Sorry to hear, I know that can be heartbreaking, but it's still not governments role to provide everything.
No, it's not. We're talking about health insurance. Yes, Medicaide helps even insured people sometimes with disabled kids, but I'm. . .
You haven't even read it
If your pregnant and need care why not plan it out and pay for it yourself! Why should my tax dollars pay for it?
Because my tax dollars pay for your viagra
Go away snowflake and find your safe space. Let the men have a grown up  conversation here.
Seems the only one in need of a safe space is you, since you're so threatened by a woman that you simply dismiss her.
Your party handed us wolf in sheeps clothing Obamacare, fed us lies & immobilized Americans long enuf. No credibility in our eyes. DNC=HATE
Not sure I understand hate thing. I'm open to persuasion. Your page / health posts look great so seem informed. Does gov have social respon?
Hate acts unacceptable no matter who. Riots, suppress conserv. spch at schools, kathygriffin,depp,no evidence investigation, Scalise, etc
It's the hate in general and focus to find it for justification. Schumer let's me down sometimes due to his parodies on political irony.
Chuck Schumer only cares about one thing and that is to deny the American people a fair shake.  He is being paid to reject everything
Pregnancy is now a luxury for the rich
No the choice to be pregnant or not is for the wealthy.The poor will have no choice, no birth control, no care (pre or post pregnancy).
Omg how much does birth control cost? If you can't afford the pill or a condom maybe you shouldn't procreate!
Ha Ha..the purpose of condoms and birth control pills is TO NOT PROCREATE.In others words to NOT have children at this time.
I know as a nurse I'm concerned about people with special needs
Yup I don't want to pay people to have their children.  It's their responsibility .  Not mine
Why should I subsidize maturity care? I'm 57 and beyond child bearing. If you "choose" to have a baby, add it to your plan, not mine
They have no soul. Keep the baby, but God-Damn we aren't going to help pay for it to get here. Pheckers.
With people like Schumer and Pelosi do they really wonder why they can't win shit
You mean if you're a 50 yr old man you no longer will be covered for pregnancy
you should just sit back and let the big boys take care of this.didnt you pass Obamacare?Is that whats failed?
Or the Health plan has already left Obamacare because the price is too high through Obamacare
Liar!
#Trumpcare considers pregnancy a pre-existing condition, or the state may allow the insurance company to opt out of coverage.
LIBATARD HYPOCRISY!!!!
Just send them to planned parenthood where they can put the fetus into a nutribullet. Don't pretend to care for babies. Lying Clown
Shut-up!!!  Crying little baby!!
The Amazing @SenSchumer has a prepared statement denouncing health plan less than 5 minutes after it was made available! Psychic?
@StevenMWolfe3 You just make up talking points. What a joke.
Obama care is unaffordable as it is
If you're an aging Dnc leader and you need Xanax don't worry you'll still be covered! #CryinChuck
It's OK. Dems tell us to have fewer kids and not overpopulate! AND they FIGHT for abortion rights. Guess they don't need more babies!
May?
Yawn
why are we always speculating on the out come of something when we cant tell the futer
All the pregnant women will be dieing in the streets.
Keep pandering to your people that can't think for them self  that follow you ! You forgot the famous dem line ."People are going to die"
Instead of being an obstructionist why doesn't your party work with the Republicans to hammer out a decent health care plan .
You know that's totally false and this is not the Trump plan this is the Republican plan which would leave it up to the states .
Please don't build a wall, because we will be going to Mexico to have and an abortion we can afford.
You can go just can't come back! How many abortions do you plan to have? Don't think it'll affect condom costs.
Sadly Abortion is encouraged by TRUMPCARE as a potentially responsible economical choice
Obamacare: If you have balls, we say your insurance must cover abortion or it's no good.
Look who's talking U gave us Obama Care, U crashed our economy, Corruption became common, Spying on Us!!! @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats
Under Obamacare you couldn't afford a plan
LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES
Democrats lie!!
If current law is so good why did members of congress exempt themselves and their families? Take your own medicine and pay the same taxes.
Under current law, I a PE with a good plan will spend an additional $3000 to have a child in August, more than my other 2 kids, thnx ACA
that would be #Obamacare chuckie
But I  bet it covers Viagra for all those old men with young wives!
And if you are pregnant due to rape or incest or other some such violation, you are royally screwed, in every posible way.
Conjecture.
If you can't afford the insurance maybe you should not be having kids!  DUH!!
What if you don't need it?  Pay for it anyway!!!!  Repeal Obumercare!!!!! NOW!
Fear mongering and just flat out lying Chuckie Boy at it again. Try compromising to help Americans rather than obstructionism. Jerk.
Lol now they want take care of the baby. Just kill it that's what democrats do
Key word is MAY but Obama care has a 5k plus deductible as so pregnancy care us unaffordable now
Again chuckle, may makes your statement a lie.  You're just spreading fear, but that's what All Democrats do. Play with words form lies.
Well, you know, since we women are born with eggs, it's practically a "pre-existing" condition. Since we get pregnant all by ourselves....
U Sir, is what is destroying America with all your   fake outrage & fear mongering. The American citizens are on to you. PS ur breath stinks
It is how the Republicans can enforce a birth control and genocide against the lower classes!
Liar
if you are ill in any way and need medical help you will not get it with Obama care
May, could.... What are the FACTS? You are using scare tactics here.... Why can't you people get it together?
Well Chuckie what's your plan. Obama care doesn't work. So what's your plan. Oh that's right you don't have one
bs as usual

My 11 yr old nephew w/type 1 diabetes...he's just SOL for the rest of his life re: healthcare needs? Insulin? Things he needs to stay alive?
So, he'll never work a day in his life?
Back to the dark ages we go!
We should force 20 somethings to pay for maternity care.  Obamacare at its core.  Forcing others to cover anything a liberal wants
Before obama care we had a choice: a plan with maternity care or one without. We were a small group and opted for one without. Much cheaper
Your a Liar Schumer
#trumpdoesntcare
How can GOP be against abortion & against maternity coverage at the same time? Oxymoron.
Because they were hatched, not born.....
What insurance company? 50% of counties have only 1 provider or NO providers. Sister is OBGY nurse practioner for state provider of service
THIS IS A LIE CHUCKIE & YOU KNEW IT. People can buy insurance based on their needs as maternity and don't have to buy what they don't want!
What about the millions of people that had good insurance that they loved before Obama care turned it upside down and destroyed the world
LIAR
NOT TRUE, WILL BE BETTER! GET RID OF YOUR DISASTROUS EXPENSIVE OBAMA CARE! ,
If you don't like it then you should of helped fix it but as usual you Dems don't know how to fix a damm thing you just break it!  J
Chuck you sound like chicken little!  "The sky is falling, the sky is falling"
Bullshit.
Again how do u know? U have not seen it.  Really
My word you haven't even seen the health care plan and you're commenting on it. Before you make a comment look at it first
Every Senator has private healthcare cover & will never have to sell their house. The rest will have to sell their house if seriously ill
How do you know? You didn't read it yet
I just read it and maternity care is cut!  This can result in poor newborn outcomes and increased maternal morbidities.
How would you know you didnt read the Sen. proposal! 
What a hypocrit!
No abortions and no prenatal care.... and certainly no help after the baby is born. That really sounds like it's making America great again!
Are you on Obamacare, @SenSchumer? Answer me that.
Well there is always the field you can squat and give birth in.....
#FakeNews
How do you know this?  You have not read the bill yet.
False , it prevents granny paying for you to have sex .
Complete lie. This is why you guys keep losing. Obamacare is broken but you're too busy playing politics. Sad, foolish old man. #Trumpcare
I don't know how you can look the people in the eye and all out lie to them what is wrong with your humanity. Seek help!
If you can't afford maternity care, then you should not get pregnant. How about personal responsibility!
What eighth grader writes speeches for this guy ?
Fake news ! Chucky read the bill it is only 142 pages ! Such ridiculous rhetoric !
You're scaring me... 
Ohio a state chuck? We don't even have Obamacare ..foolish ramblings of a dying party
And it may rain tomorrow so I should put my rain coat on today? Liberal logic is baffling.
11:30 -Senate GOP: "#HealthcareBill is out"

11:31 -Dems: "I HATE IT! We're all going to 

Keep it up we like winning, 5-0!!!
Other words Trump supporters don't know the meaning of:

Patriotism
Integrity
Honesty
Responsibility
Courage
Compassion
More like Snowflakes who don't know the meaning
Yes,Trump supporters are fragile, their fee-fees easily hurt even though they enjoy dishing it out, but I don't like calling them names.
Funniest fake news I've seen today 
Awww...you used "fake news" and three laughing emoticons in the same post.  So original and clever.  I'm so proud of you.
Then purchase a policy tht has tht coverage in there! Tht coverage isn't FREE! That's what you tried 2 do w/ Ocare Make healthy subsidize it
Unlike Obamacare which pays for all illegals babies
False
Whatever happened to GOP #familyvalues ?
They can't use it under obamacare because the deductibles are too high , so are the premiums.
Cryin' Chuck doing more cryin and obstructing. Same old same old
CRY-CRY-CRY !!!!
How on Earth do Republicans tie that in with their pro-life agenda?
My daughter has 3 children & they have Obamacare. It is useless to her! Costs $700. a month, with a $10,000 oop.
Great!! OBSTRUCTIONIST!
do your job and filibuster this shit
Obamacare has failed @DNC incompetence is clear, Americans needs Ins which is affordable. Obamacare and the Dems are #UseLess
Key word "may" stop trying to scare Americans
Man you are the #lyingleft
Still better than not having insurance when ACA implodes.
Fathers need to get pissed off! This is actually child abuse! The @SenateGOP are criminals.
Reject this bill - VOTE NO #NoAHCA
Try MORE.
Hey Trumpsters- wanted to have a baby soon? sorry DT says Maternity Care is not important- #BabyOnHoldThanksToDearLeader you voted for him
Obstructionists is Jackass Schumer and brain dead Pelosi.
Thank you for all u do! Health insurance reform, Such BS!!! Americans deserve so much better!!!Trump is a LOSER!!! SAD SITUATION
Glad they pro-life, pro-family.
Just think how bad if Rs were rich, venal, privileged, males, owned by same. Glad not happen. Eeviiill
Liar
Aca is to expencive and many dont even have access. Tell the truth. Put it back the way it was.
Sounds like you are not sure.. you keep using the word ( MAY) .. I  am a Dem. I just want GOP/DEM to be honest NO MORE PARTY'S B'S PEOPLE F.
ANOTHER LIE. OBAMACARE NEEDS TO GO ITS KILLING ME. STOP THE LIES DEMS.
I think U wanted to be an actor.If you have not read the bill then u are assuming every word you sayI don't want U involved with this bill
you're disingenuous corrupt unamerican & a liar U should be removed from office & investigated 4 corruption you're disgusting!
What will Dems do if 70% of NYC is on gov assistance? Ask for a bailout bankruptcy increased taxes increases fed funds? The well will b dry
Illegals come here to birth free. Then the baby is a citizen???  Sound stupid???

Typical Right Winger...I will still support Obamacare Even though  it's Failed the American People.Duh!

If you like your insurance & doctor you can keep it under #Trumpcare which you couldn't under #Obamacare . I won't have to buy mandated crap
Healthcare went to hell when gvmt got involved.
Yep
Anything to reduce the Medicaid babies being born. Win!
You used cancer as a guilt trip?Why
and somewhere in America there r millions of Americans laughing at u & r disgusted w/u 4 running up country's debt under Obama, jerk.
Give me a break we know you guys don't even read the bills that's how we ended up with this monstrosity OBUMER CARE !
TERMLEMITS COMING !
You have to pass the bill to find out what's in it.... remember Schmuckster ?
If need health insurance under ACA you can't afford it! Repeal it now!
Sir, U r "the wolf in sheep's clothing".
Under Obamacare a single 50 yr old man pays for obgyn pediatric care infant wellness Y?
Mitch just called you the majority leader - lol
Listening to more emotional grandstanding and hypocrisy where you apparently forget YOUR bill was passed in private with zero GOP votes
Senator Schumer,

I would respectfully remind you the ACA was literally forced down our throats.
After how many days of debate and Republican amendments?
if money went to other facilities instead of @PPFA, where they offer little to no maternity care, the problem would be solved. but nope!
Mr Schumer do you seriously think we are in a sustainable mode. Work for a solution and not a constant Nay Sayer.
Remember the only folks that appreciated Robin Hood where the poor
2nd place does not get to make demands! Elections have consequences!
And if you need health insurance, don't depend on DisasterCare - the Demoncrat's health care bill. We tried it your way, remember?
"May"? Sounds like your hate & fear mongering. U decided to be against any republican healthcare bill in 11/8.TERM LIMITS! Country b4 party!
Sen Schumer: The Dems performed in the same damn manner when it came to the ACA. Polosi "We must past the bill to see what's in it"#pathetic
Do two rights make a wrong? We don't need a tit-for-tat gov't. We need adults who care about not just their constituents, but ALL Americans.
I believe there were many hearings & they compromises with republicans imstead of going for single payor. And it took years to pass!
Chuck you treat the nation like it's a blank check.

It's NOT
"MAY"?? In '09 you told us to pass 2700 pages before we could know what's in it. What r u talking about on the floor now. Selective memory?
Where is the Democrat's plan??
Liar
