Tomorrow on #MTP: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, @SenSchumer & @LindseyGrahamSC join @chucktodd 
No one cares what you think Chuck. What have you done for NYS today? Nothing like always. HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION. Help
I'm embarrassed that your my senator, maybe someday we can actually have someone who cares about ALL New Yorkers!
James Comey became judge and jury when he exonerated Hillary Clinton on gross negligence.  Let's appoint a special counsel on email case.
Shut down the Senate. Trump's actions are being normalized by media & Republican's are complicit in covering up lawless behavior of this WH.
Just because you scream it enough doesn't make it true More and more understand you are Marxists Pigs We will vote the rest of you out in 18
Lots of trolls and bots replying here. There are maybe like, 3 real accounts making derogatory comments. Sorry @SenSchumer
I am not a bot. Schumer has lost his mind

I'll be blocking that show
Schumer! You enjoying all your stupid sheep in here?
IMPEACHMENT
For what?
You didn't pretend to cry again, did you?
No vote on FBI Dir until you get a Special Prosecutor.  Keep up the slowdown.
For what?
POTUS & the entire GOP are a danger to our national security
How? Obama cut our military & made a joke of cops. That did more damage than ever! Get it right!
How is sessions screening FBI candidates when he has recused himself from the Russian investigation? He is knee-deep in trump's treason.
What treason?
Blah blah blah
Sen. Schumer, when you Democrats say and do such vile things against the President, it only helps the Rep. party grow stronger!!
Time for something to happen! America is a joke all around the world. Americans above Party
We already know whats s head.  More liberal whining an obstruction an hate spewing
Just watched 10 full seconds of Trump bashing you as a leader, so I'm here to thank you, from all New York.
Do not thank Schumer for this New Yorker!
You know what's ahead?!?!??? Excellent b/c no one else does. We're free-falling....
Stock market is up. Home sales up. Employment up. What free fall?
@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @chucktodd if it's not impeachment, then America is doing it wrong
What has been done to warrant impeachment? Do u know the 3 criteria required? Apparently not
Looking forward to it
What has Trump done wrong?

@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @chucktodd My guess is involves obstructing, then more obstructing & some whining mixed in #liar
Will Tillerson be wearing his Friend Of Russia medal?
Prefer he be a friend of ISIS?
I'd rather watch paint dry
Crying hypocrite schumer Legal immigrants tired hearing from you about Rusia. You had corrupt, Pathologocal Serial Liar Pres candidate HRC
GOD BLESS TRUMP AND SAVE HIM FROM SCHUMER AND THE EVIL SNAKES IN DC
Who gives a ratsass! You're the biggest harm this country has faced!
I hope there will be discussions of Impeachment proceedings.
For what?
MTP just an platform for left wing disillusionment.   Millions are turning off your rhetoric.   You don't care about USA, only your party.
You nutty Dems will never win again!! You are the leader of destroying your corrupt party. 
Chuck. I'm sick of your anti American attitude. When I was a Dem we participated just to get our 2cents into bills. U do us a disservice. !!
Nah! Can't handle listening to your biased dribble
When will you STOP FOCUSING ON THE PROBLEMS and Start working towards solutions?!? Jesus man. You killing people every day
Hey Chucky, when you wanted Comey fired back in November but Trump waited until May to do it, why do you complain?
r u announcing your retirement please say its so
Why don't you guys try and work together? We are tired of you politicians bullshit.
Keep it up and we will elect all non politicians next.
MEET THE DEPRESSED. Suck it up buttercups Hillary and democrats lost BIGGLY!
you should say I'll be on MTP to see how many democrats I can manipulate! Lying scum bag schumer
Graham is so much smarter than you.  Lindsey Graham says you need a crime first to prosecute-let Mcabe, Senate , intell, CIA do their job
Ya!! Just what we need!!  More of your obstructive conversations that only make you your party look weak, Lost in the woods w/ Hillary
Schumer it is over move on don't you a job to do beside bashing Trump?
Talk is all our democrat officials are good for. They're letting the pussy/ball grabber get away with e everything.
IMPEACH THE CLOWN
No tks what lies you have to spread I won't be there
FAKE NEWS FROM A FAKE MAN
I'll be taking a dump and just prior to flushing it, I'll think of you
Like you have a clue - not.
Please just go away chuckles! You are bad for the democrats!
Do you really think anyone cares? What about doing the work of the people? I mean the work of good American working taxpayers. Fraud
The only thing we need  to" get to the bottom of" is the SWAMP.  Vote these swamp dwellers out in 2018. Unite the country, unite America.
Where's the investigation into Obama using IRS to persecute political enemies.  Obama never answered to any of his criminal acts; unmasking
Just stay home with your wife  to celebrate Mother's Day or you rather go out there and  more Russia yourstory is going to be debunked
What happened to investigation into the unmasking of Americans?  What about prosecuting Obama appointees who illegally spied on Trump camp
3 useless talking heads
Chuck - Each week is the same for you !!-Obstruct, obstruct,all about you getting re-elected ,not the country moving forward! All about you!
Obstructionist you are.
Planning more obstruction and lies chuckie, how to make your lobbyists more money just be quite and shut up
No thanks Chuckie ... you speak with forked tongue  .... lol
There is enough hate in the world without listening to your hate filled crap, you are not worth listening to.

Lyin Chuckles
Your opinion is worthless, Chuckles.
No credibility!!! When you come on the clickers will be active
Schumer should be constructive instead of showing anger;brings nothing good or new to the table  ever! Plus neglects people who elected him.


@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @chucktodd You should follow @LouiseMensch. You're welcome!
No Russian collusion democrats are liars should be fired!!!!!
The sacred duty of saving the American Republic has fallen on the  shoulders of the Democrats in Congress. Republicans have failed America!


Make us proud CHUCKTHESCHMUCK!
@SenSchumer huh! Well that's enough reason right there for me to not watch. Democrat is the new slang word for me. Disgraceful.
Talk about all the lies from Washington. Or why goverent stole Social Security money and now its broke.
You should tell the truth, how you and the rest of government steal taxpayer $ to fund pet projects.
What r u going to cry about?  Dufus
Vote schumer out, a hypocrite
Chuckie, you have nothing constructive or positive to say. For all you obstructionists there will be a day of reckoning. 2018
We don't need more talking about it we some doing something about it
Subpoena comey open testimony..before any nomination allowed
 Please save us! 
Looking forward to some no nonsense strategy.
@chucktodd make it count. Ask hard & unpopular questions. Our Democracy & Constitution are worth fighting for.  It's no longer politics.
Always nice to hear from the incompetent Chuck Schumer who is nothing more than a traitor to our country. Investigate Chuck, he is dirty
Great,now can U hook yourself up 2 a #Lie detector? #AmericanPeople R losing faith in R Leaders!
Clown don't forget to put ur red nose
#resist. good job. thanks sir.
When you say tune in Chuck does this mean you are retiring to the funny farm you had been hopeless under Obama for 8 yrs did nothing 4 NYers
Go get em Senator
Thanks for the warning I will not watch you. You are filled with hate and you're a hypocrite
Thanks for the Warning.
The DNC is a terrorist organization that must be stopped. Chuckles Schumer and Nutty Pelosi seem to be the head terrorist

Thanks for the warning.  I will not spoil my Mother's Day by listening to your obstructionism.
Resign, you are tied to Putin, investigate Schumer!
Did u bring ur box of tissues for when u start crying
Please let mr. Graham know that his constituents are not happy. #IndependentInvestigation
Never tune in to FAKE news and you @SenSchumer are #FakeRepresentation you dont represent PEOPLE you represent criminals  2018 vote him home
Schumer your a loser - only liberals listen
rather you take the mornin off and file an impeachment order to start removal of trump. last thing we need is more TALK on the situation
We are outraged that Dem leadership hasn't stopped GOP voter suppression machine STOP Kobach/Kochs Interstate Crosscheck
We Demand Open Senate Investigations 
And a Special Prosecutor 
NOW
Good pay for it
In the middle of investigation
Dear Senator why can't the Senate pass the law that. President can't fire FBI CIA etc.  We can vote those people. So we won't face this
Are going get on bottom of Trump Russia one
day? I can wait.  How we the people going to have Trump released his taxes?
You are definitely "will miss TV" Chuckie...  I would not watch if you paid me.  You have no credibility no one cares what you have to say.
I'll be there!
Seriously Rex Tillerson? Another puppet. I won't be watching. Can't listen to Trump's minions anymore.
Sorry Chuck I'm taking a shit that hour.....don't need to watch more bullshit on top
More lies from sch, can not wait 
Sorry Chuck! I have an opportunity to have teeth pulled without anesthetic.
How about you stick to taxes healthcare jobs immigration.  See if you can actually do something for the people instead of your self
Why? You have not said anything intelligent your whole life. Clinton scheduling another trip to pedofile island got your ticket?
Get um Chuck!

EXCLUSIVE: Sealed Indictment granted against Donald Trump https://patribotics.blog/2017/05/14/exclusive-sealed-indictment-granted-against-donald-trump/ … <--- by @TrueFactsStated and me.
Crying Chuckles
Thanks for the heads up Crying Chuck.  I'll be sure not to watch  I'm embarrassed to say you're my senator #HeadClown #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
What are we going to hear chuckie. More hate spewing anti American BS and a ton of liberal whining
It is sad and extremely difficult for most supporters to comprehend the lack of integrity and objectivity that you have embraced.
Graham and Tillerson? Seems one sided.
I can save you the trouble.... you were an a-hole last week... an a-hole this week and will continue to be an a - hole for forseeable future
#HeyChuckie
Well that is one I'll miss.
Get out
Get out of our office. Repay our money by selling off your assets
Mr schumer get out!
Schemer, you've spent us into a debt that we can not repay
Where is our money from the debt
We don't trust you
And I'll be sure to be out watching my grass grow #HYPOCRIT #DUMBOCRAT @peddoc63 @DrMartyFox
$100 tillerson doesn't show.
$100 million??
Please tell the truth this time Sen Schumer. The fate of the American people depends on your cooperation not continued obstruction, divisive
Congrats
Kick Butt!
Why would anyone want to listen more of your hate filled rhetoric, there is enough hate in the world without you?
Will you @SenSchumer discuss the LIRR issues that took place this week and the upcoming summer schedule?  Doubting you will
You are a liar!
Shut it down until we get an independent prosecutor.
No thanks will be watching Fox
Reading some of the tweets on this page you people are really blind

be angry and ready to resist the coup - call this for what it is - treason by Trump and complicit @GOP - match the people. #usa
@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @chucktodd This will be interesting.
More fake news
@SenSchumer we will work like hell to give the Dems control in the 2018 elections. It is imperative that partisan, racist, nutbags be rmoved
Look in the mirror DUMBOCRAT
Can you once be honest and remember little things like you wanted Comey fired?  Stop chasing unicorns(Russia) stop spending my $? 
So Sessions was the only one from DT admin to show themselves tomorrow. Interesting
Why would I want to listen to a hypocrite?
Just remember Chucky you are not President you are not in charge of this country you #Dems had that chance keep crying
Problem with u DADems its alway thinking in the past!
U unpopular DADem go do something positive for supporting the US
I will sleep in. Thanks for letting me know.
NO

What is ahead is  that the Democrats hypocrisy is being pointed out very clearly keep resisting and be voted out in 2018
Might as well go to a softball game with @chucktodd at the helm. He'll ask the tough questions like "Do you hate Trump or Really hate Trump"
Bring it, @SenSchumer. Please mention that AG Sessions has violated his recusal and must be sanctioned and disbarred.
And Hillary for treason! Death penalty
Senator, as an independent, I love my country, and we are in deep depression sir...please assist in making this great country value values..
@SenSchumer looks like he's on the @NBCNews payroll
And to DEMAND an impartial head of FBI AND NO to Cornyn!
#impeachtrump #Trumprussia
Yep and your just another sheep eating the sandwich and believing Schumer?  Damn.. he sold NYS down creek!
Ok if you say so have nice day 
Put your hypocrisy on full display chucky! Dig that DNC hole even deeper.
Nothing but dementia and BS from chucky can't watch.
No thanks.
You have to start kicking people's asses. Full stop.
Is this your news or really news Chucky 
Cant wait to hear your lieing b.s.
I hope you're going to tell us this treasonous nightmare is over!
Watch me! Watch me!  I'm great
@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @chucktodd Most pathetic group of Americans in history. You should be embarrassed for your party.
Isn't that your agenda chucky?
You don't need to. It's pretty predictable at this point..... anything trump does even if it's good for the American people u fight him!
Are you going to CRY ?
@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @chucktodd Please answer how its ok Trump under investigation by FBI 2pick new FBIChief b/cComey
Check your facts libtard. Trump isn't under investigation. Russian thing is made up by the DNC terrorists
