So it's the same as Obamacare....you people are terrible at your jobs
#notmysenator
Still pounding the same drum? Really? Have you not figured out this tactic doesn't work for you anymore?
Shouldn't we just take the Republicans word for it? Have they ever lied to us before.
Probably about the same as Democrates did when they lies about ACA to american people.
Ok. So why should we believe the republicans this time?
Im noy saying to beleive them. Im just making a statement about the tweet. U cant beleive any of them. Especially Schumer..
Ok. I haven't seen any politician on either side be able to hold a candle to DT when it comes to lying. He's ruined any credibility he had.
Hillery R Clinton is a pathologic lier. She probably lies in her sleep
I won't even go into the other grammatical errors. We'll go slow.
Special prosecutor for Hillary and her cronies
How about the 12 TAX CUTS? More money in middle class homes?  U Dems don't talk about that!  Vote out Dems!
If no real settled figures how do know. I'm not a Republican but a questioning Democrat.
please resign now the fool you are
Chuckie you know you are not telling the truth as you have not seen bill in any /final form. Quit childish scare tactics.
as expected!
No different than what the ACA did originally.
And there's still a mandate. It's just ins co collects fine not govt
All hardworking American Citizens will have better insurance.  Illegal aliens, drug dealers and the lazy, no insurance!!
Funny, Obamacare already did that when you Dems predicted the opposite. Now we're supposed to believe you?
liar
Boy, we hope this doesn't happen.
How will people afford it? Back to the ER those who can't afford it will go.  Free care at the expense of others.
that's the way obamacare worked too
Md preimums going up 58 percent next year
Nice scare tactics Chucky. Premiums under Obama care went way up, no lying about that, plus crazy thousands of $ in deductibles on top.
"you can keep your doctor if you like your doctor" lies lies lies!!! Obummer now sucking up $$ from Wall Street fat cats
Chuckie.If I was as crude as your buddy Colbert I'd say you pulled those numbers out of your a$$.But I'm not Country Over Party!
Why have you and DEMS allowed Obamacare fail? My premiums tripled & deductible is $11,000. You call that healthcare? Sick guy.
Why doesn't @SenSchumer and other politicans rely on #ObamaCare for their medical care...and why don't they pay premiums & have deductibles?
Obamacare Premiums are going up more than 40% this year. Does that means Trumpcare will go down 20% the first few years?
What the heck did Obamacare do to rates, deductibles, choices, etc. Insurers are almost non-existent leaving no choices.
Cry me a river chuck. You caused mine to go up $900. Under your precious Obama care
Sounds like a repeat of when the ACA came out.
House GOP passes #AHCA They should call it what it is, Tax Cut For The Rich #TCFTR
Ins. premiums would go up anyway, right. This was a D's argumnet for raising premiums. Obamacare was going to save families 2,500, nope.
Where are you getting these numbers.  Fake Data
Liar.
Well your plan was a disaster and now you're qualified critic I love clowns
There is no middle class. And I surrender when it comes to insurance 
Just read even employer-based plans R not safe. Provision in bill removes out-of-pocket limits 4 care. Devastating!
Obama Care premiums went up over 300% since it passed & deductibles increasd 2 $10, 000-$15,000 so Americans can't afford 2 use it. Disaster
When will you help or are you all talk no Action as usual all parties are getting tired of the obstruction . We the people remember ?
Why dont YOU back #UniversalHealthcare? You already dont care about our primary votes.. #PrepareToDefendYourSeat #Corporatist
Better the obummer care
Prove these figures
Hey @SenSchumer , tell me that premiums haven't skyrocketed under Obamacare and company choice hasn't been gutted.  Go ahead; tell us.
I'm still waiting for the $2000
savings Obama said we would get with the ACA,
If obamacare is so great why don't all you policitians have to have their medical insurance through the ACA?? good enough for minions not u?
No I don't think so Chuck, better check again.
But congress is exempt. If I had 2 have the same as u force on us maybe u would care.
So no different from Obamacare then?
Under Obamacare copay & deductibles are making American families welfare eligible & in some American counties there is no coverage available
OBAMACARE WENT UP 116% where was your outrage on that ??? #Jackass
@GOP This bill is a disaster. People will die. #VotenoAHCA
The bright minds in D C better start finding ways to actually impact #ACA & #ACAREPEAL Lipservice pols that act like kings & queens is pase'
YOU & @SenGillibrand have 0 credibility on healthcare! You KNEW plans would cancel & price would increase under Ocare! #liar
Ask them for the same standard of care that we provide to them. We the people. #ACA #healthcare #Trumpcare #Obamacare #repealandreplace
Really? Dod you say the same for Obamacare? NO! U let the bs pass and hurt middle class. U dnt care 4 them so stop the middleclass BS!!
You mean like Obamacare?
Why is government on different health care from the rest of us? I bet if we were all on the same they wouldn't be agreeing to their plan.

That's better than ACA they went up 25% and made a mess of our health care and 1500 would be less than ACA thanks for screwing it up 
blah blah, you got lower taxes dough, you R a Patriot???
what you advocate for is not any better. you should spend less time criticizing&perhaps get in a meeting&help fix this mess your party made
Agreed. Backtalkin while he wont contribute because he hates DT. He cares more about his ego than doing the right thing.
Not just him all in congress does this, the Reps. did it too when it was being written back in 2010 and ONLY 1'S AFFECTED IS WE THE PEOPLE
I can agree with that.
Now Chucky lies. Don't you have work to do try working with our president your tweeting much too much 107 days of doing nothing ,shame onyou
OKAY UNDERSTOOD, Not sure how true that is but I DO KNOW AZ COST WENT UP 125% & 5 states have only 1 insurer, yet you critique this while
At least prexisting is covered and PENALTY is gone! Dems penalized working class 4 no coverage as if that was lookin out for middle class.
SO TRUE! The thing they are all not doing is COST, throughout all of this THE INS. COMPANY ESCAPES CRITICISM because of the
Obamacare took away affordable care from millions hard working ppl, who actually pay the healthcare for others , but can't afford their own!
Please vote this down
You do realize some states saw premiums go up 100%+ in a year, right?
Obamacare = no one gets it.
LIES
The rich get richer with T rumpcare n the old sick n poor for. Despicable that Paul Ryan n GOP pushing this thru the meanest ppl in the USA
But on the flip side, @realDonaldTrump and @RepTomMacArthur will enjoy YUGE tax cuts.
Wow @maddow @RepCummings @ananavarro @CharlesMBlow @Lawrence @Bakari_Sellers @AC360 @latinorebels @LatinaLista @SpeakerRyan @BarackObama lol
I'll settle for the care Hillary is provided Im sure its good coverage My premiums are skyrocketing higher than my mortgage. All jokes aside
VP Pence stated last night the only important thing was that taxpayer $ would not pay for abortion. Shameful and sad.
Please refer to the new, and correct bill name:

GREEDCare®

Brought to you by #GREEDCare® Inc.
Wow shame on any who votes on this sham
Shame on him for lying to americans about obamacare!! You guys are hypocrites.
How is this constitutional?  What happened to LIFE, liberty and the pursuit of happiness?
Barak didnt care if his ACA was constitutional, so wht is the ? again??
.Who would trust anything that a lying flaming DemoRAT like you shouted.
But Chuck it's an awesome $1T tax cut for the rich #voteNO #Trumpcare
How is this making it better? Only better for ins companies and the rich. #Resist
How much has premiums gone up for ObamaCare? Is some states huge! The new plan will keep cost down, more coverages & choices.
Chuck U stop lying do your job. Stop parroting the poll tested points and do something in the Senate. It's your turn to put up or shut up.
Thank you for voting against this evil bill.
POUND the gop on this please.
What constitutes "middle class"?
keep up the fight against AHCA #resist #nevertrumpcare
Oh u woke up 2day? Where r the rest of the DEMS that need 2 have their tails up & speaking against the GOP bill 2day! Too damn lazy DEMS!
You lack truth chuckers. The people are on to you now
Are these calculations by the same people that said my premiums would decrease by 1500 a year under Obama care?
This in no way makes healthcare accessible to everyone.  The simplest choice would be to just fix the problem areas Obamacare has
Yup. Easy quick fix and cheaper, but it's associated with a black guy. Don't you know this countries history???  The saga continues.
Dumb AF thing to say. ACA was driving national debt 2 1.4 tril. Taxpayers pay for that! Premiums were high AF as well as copays..
They should just work with the healthcare companies to lower the premiums and copay
How much did they up under Obamacare?  Too much
More than 20%
#VoteNo #trumpnocare2
#TrumpDontCare will suck and be expensive. 7 years and this is all they've come up with. What a shit show!
I really don't think I can trust anything you tweet or say. You are much more of a danger to the US than North Korea.
Oh and don't forget, big bucks would be then transferred to the wealthy/corporations.
All while the wealthiest get a tax cut.  Total Bull Shit.

Difficult to say without a CBO score... https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/421398464472162304 …
