And it will add further chaos to the markets.  If the system deteriorates, make no mistake about it, the blame will fall squarely on @POTUS.
The corrupt @GOP was supposed to repeal ACA. Gov HC is not a right/not written in the constitution. @potus would have accepted a compromise.
Bs as usual from a con artist
With trumps health care millions will be with no health care what gets me about rump is he lies right to america face!!! We see u fool!!
WTF how do you guys in Congress let this happen get the WORD OUT THAT GOP IS WORKING TO HURT THE ELDERLY TO LINE CORPORATE POCKETS
This isn't true. The American people have been lied to by O and his crew. They have already lined their pockets. #MAGA
Keep standing up for the GOP who want to take from elderly children and poor and givevto the rich and themselves just look at bills passed
My brother on O-care can not take kids to hospital when fractured arm and broke nose.Not covered deducts to high wipe out 30% of his income.
So terrible! I am sorry. When I worked in urgent care, the number of illegals getting free care would make you sick!
I know my neighbor on Obamacare care needs knee replace.  OC will not cover the surgery but paid for replacement knee. So now in wheelchair
my aunt and uncle lost buss 2009 disaster had no ins anymore Both Repub wouldn’t sign up 4 OCare I did it 4 them preamiums only $236 a month
3) even knowing GOP will Repeal OCare &might die buss doing better but can’t afford healthcare premiums still VOTE REPUB FOXX news scares um
This, again, is far from what he promised.  Why hate seniors and ppl with preexisting conditions?
Keep talking your B.S schumer!
He. Doesn't. Care.
Just like you and your city don't care about me.  Stupid mayor of a stupid city.  Trump should takeover the racist cesspool that is #philly
Hey Chuck get on #obamacare yourself. Prices already skyrocketed under obamacare. Wake up!
Because of Trump. Insurance premiums are skyrocketing bc he's fucking around with the insurance market. Have you been living under a rock?
Stop calling him potus his real name is foolyo
Everything President Obama did positive for the people. Trump and majority of republicans want to destroy simply because he accomplished it.
We can't hear you. 
YOU don't listen. Dems to lose 2018
Because YOU DON'T LISTEN.
Schumer is a liar. How much $$$ has he made off the backs of seniors???
Trump is messing up health so he and his lieing friends can cheat american out of the real health care that they got now.
He also bypassed Congress & the will of the people. Is this the new norm? #Dictatorship #25thAmendment
Actually being able to buy across state lines has been turned down multiple times during Obama's administration.
All states have their own Dept. of Insurance and their own laws. It's simply not that easy, which is why it wasn't instituted earlier.
And mentally unfit to hold the office if president? WHAT IS CONGRESS WAITING FOR?
Midterms?  Let the Dems do it and be the bad guys to his base?
Great idea, but how much longer can we go on like this? The man is deranged and dangerous.
Stop with the propaganda. How much $$$ you going to lose? That is why you are 
Please also OPPOSE WH budget cuts,awful tax plan, hateful discrimination and the "deconstruction" of our government protections.
I hope it doesn't and u apologize later for trying to scare ppl.
Smoke and mirrors,  lipstick on a pig. He can't fool his base much longer, they are smarter than he thinks.
We still love u but instead of critique  come up with something 2 get us rid of the terible Obamacare
Lol
Start impeachment please. Save the US Of A
Chuckie, Chuckie, when are you gonna stop drinking Obama's Kool-aid? 
You are quite drunk on it. You &Pelosi are babbling.
Trump asked you to work together to solve the healthcare problem and you told him to get lost. It’s as much your fault as it is his
So what can be done about it? Nothing is usually the answer since it has now become apparent that the Exec branch holds all of the power.
Liberals are actually siding with Iran, a terrorist dictatorship that openly says "death to America" over our own President.
Schumer is  EVERYTHING that is wrong with our political system. SHAMEFUL!
So unfair to seniors who have worked their entitre lives while taxes to care for others.

RT @realDonaldTrump Change Federal/State Discrimination Laws making it illegal to discriminate against preexisting conditions & charge more.
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul Fix root problem: apply the same EEOC Discrimination Laws for Preexisting conditions to Healthcare Law. #ACA
RT Buying across State lines is big only if Federal/State laws are changed to prohibit discrimination of people with preexisting conditions.
RT @realDonaldTrump The corrupt/crooked Healthcare Insur Cos got rich by NOT covering people with preexisting conditions (Discrimination).
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul YOU need to apply the Price Gouging Laws to the big Healthcare Insur Cos Premiums & Deductibles. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU need to put an end to the big Healthcare Insur. Cos. Not Covering people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Congress
Why isthe moron inthe WH trying to dismantle allthe good prez Obama has done forthe pplDoes he hate ourblack prez orthe ppl that loveObama
What have you done to help, other than sit at yer desk playing paddle ball. You an @pelosi paddle ball together. Resign now . Yer to old.
You had 8 yrs to do something and screwed it up.  It was Ok for Obama to break laws and use exec orders. Now bad to undo Obama's illegal s*t
Chuck, when you enroll in ACA we'll listen. Until then, put a sock in it.
Stop this monster trump
Didn't a judge already rule the payments illegal? Doesn't govt. have to follow the law too?
It’s officially TrumpCare now
Well Trump doesn’t get money from Harvey.
You say but you say so much that is not true @
That's right #Dems speak up!
@SenSchumer shouldn't have the right to comment on anything about healthcare . Let's face it both Democrats & Republicans dropped the ball
He is a disgrace to the office and need to be impeached. NOW! #ImpeachTrumpNow
BS. Fed. judge already said that what Obama did is un constitutional Obamacare is illegal PERIOD So FUCK YOU
Your a very evil liar your party is just a resister party you have rob the American people all you & Nancy # disgusting.
FYI the elderly get Inexpensive Medicare. No mention of that.
There r millions unable to afford lofty premiums of so-called Affordable Care Act & get no cov thru Medicaid. Ever hear Dems address that?
Don't know how you sleep at night with the amount of lies you tell about health care. Do you and your fellow Dems have a conscience?
Instead of complaining about it do what you were putting office for best interest of Americans not personal gain for the Democratic Party
Of course it won't because Democrats refused to work with the president's for healthcare!work together do your job serve the American people
obamacare is a disaster, everyone knows it. Just like the Iran disaster among all the other disasters you people have created.
The numbers @AliVelshi presented terrifying! This will  increase our premiums we pay by almost 50% for most! Plus Feds pay 40Bill more, why?
#25thAmendmentNow
Well, we need to start somewhere.
#TrumpDontCare #RexWasRight  #TrumpIsAFuckingMoron
Chuck be a man and work with the President.

#fakenews
Your credibility is so questionable that I now believe that the truth is directly opposite from what you say.
STOP PRETENDING TO GET ALONG AND WORK WITH HIM!
Did you read the bill yet, Chuckie?
Ok so what is being done about it
How?
All bs lol the good old USA
good
And if you Sen Schumer were honest and not an elitest coward you would not try to block everything this Presodent does
Yep. #TrumpCare
TO HELL WITH TRUMP'S FALSE PROMISES. Schumer,  TELL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WHAT THE DEMOCRATS ARE FOR.  $15 dollar minimum wage, ACA fixes, etc
Let the Republucans own their TRUMPCARE. Trump wants to use it as leverage but don't allow that to happen.
Keep lying, Chucky Boy!! What are you going to do when Trump is re-elected in 2020? 
Then stop being gutless and actually do something about it!!!
Chuck stop lying.  The MOB didn’t teach you good
Don't forget the ones who will die b/c they can't afford their meds (some are friends of mine)-Dems keep fighting this man-he has no empathy
Stop tweeting and do your job to protect the American people. Aren't you smarter than @POTUS?
You may as well be talking to a brick wall, this President will do whatever he wants,like it or not. Dems need to get out the vote 2018!
You mean, for those that need it the most.
With @realDonaldTrump it's never been about Obamacare; it's about an absolute, unabiding, relentless, hatred of Barack Obama.
CHUCK CRYING, LYING SCHUMER. PUT THE RACIST ON UNEMPLOYMENT.
You folks need to stop him, it's a EO right now, not law yet.....
This is an abomination to all Americans but especially troubling to America's "Greatest Generation"!
I guess u consider $10k deductibles and 10x increases healthcare. O'care is crumbing, but by all means keep supporting it
Stop worrying about the optics and worry about us.  Lawsuit time!!!
Trump just lies all the time he is a fake president he must go now
Make sure you hold town hall meetings to explain what this President is doing
Democrats should not take it for granted that Americans will understand
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU need to put an end to the big #Healthcare Insur Cos. Not Covering people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Congress
You should take the smirk of you posting. It makes your statements even look like unbelievable.
That's probably why he tried to walk away without signing it. Right?
So what are YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?  Override the order! Work across the isle and stop this #AbuseOfPower #Congress is acting like they are on Vacation in the middle of a #ConstitutionalCrisis

We have a madman running the US bypassing Congress - This is not a republic any longer-evolving dictatorship TAKE ACTION TO STOP INSANITY
Sorry chuck the handouts are over
What are Dems going to do is my question?
Chuck, when POTUS tries to implement his promise you and your cronies are there to stop every move he makes.  Lend a hand & help.

What else will Trump need to do before the senate and congress says enough?
Just how long will it take for congress and the senate say enough to Trump? Trump is unfit and everyone knows it!
shimer more lies
If you think what 45 just did to healthcare is good, talk to me after you’ve gotten sick or injured and are in debt because of bad coverage

Do something about it, impeachment proceedings needs to be initiated. He does not care about us and has his own agenda!!!
DEMS. You need to make this issue front and center. NOW!
Do something about it, counter it with a plan. Stop whining n start fighting. This entire Fed Gov is a 3 ring circus with no balls
Right now it seems as though all dems in the house&senate have preexisting conditions/do nothing syndrome
What will Congress do to protect Americans from this hardship. "Checks & balances" are in place to prevent abuse of power from a "king."
Trump is like a dictator, get him out of office!
This is our unified problem, and we need to do something about it and do something about it today.
Then, fix it
Stop wringing your hands. What are you going to do about it?
"rather than being a commander-in-chief, he's like a hater-in-chief." NOT just Puerto Ricans! @potus only cares about the very rich +greedy!
How chuck how? How will that happen I'm curious because what the president did was a great thing and you Dems are trying to create a problem
it’s putting everyone at risk!

why doesn't anyone speak out loud and publicly about trump? what is everyone scared of? start article 25
per CBO: Trump ending subsidies increases premiums 20% by 2018 and 25% by 2020. Deficit goes up $6b by 2018 and $21b by 2020,
Ahhhhhhh, now I know why @DNC @DNC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems never blamed OVOMIT. They wanted to save OVOMIT's blame for @POTUS
Are you gonna support #MedicareForAll now? Or you're still accepting too much $ from #BigPharma to do that?
Wont up costs as much as the ACA has. Be honest, if you can. Should have fixed when you had the chance with Obama. Arrogance cost you
I exist so I am PRE.
We'd like to see you & your colleagues working on getting rid of him.
We need to share on FB and retweet everyday of open enrollment PLEASE our fellow Americans need our help #25thAmmendmentNow
Does this POS pres not realize that if there is one segment of the population that consistently votes in every election it is us seniors?
That's what he has been trying to do all along. Solution... start the impeachment process!
#Trumpcare call it what it is
He never had a healthcare plan.His only plan was to repeal Obamacare and kills 2 birds with one stone.Gets a tax break and revenge on Obama.
Please fight this, Chuck! We need to you be a voice of reason in DC.
You are a corrupt globalist and will be exposed
It already cost bozo wow ur ignorance is epic
You people in the Senate and the House need to be LOUDER- You need to Revolt, Resist and Be louder at doing it.
Obama care is costing people who are young and healthy way MORE. The aca is payment redistribution is unfair and must go
Chuck no one really believes u anymore. U r nothing but an extremist. Retire already.
45 hates @POTUS44 so he's dismantling all of Obama's legacies & policies that help USA. He's jealous of president Obama's accomplishments.
@CryPartisan looks like facts are indeed different from your truth. You know you're a Trump supporter if...
I'm not sure he was even aware of what he was signing. I don't think he was.
So you are saying, we are screwed.
Why are we allowing Trump to destroy our country? He is clearly insane. Get rid if him now
If this bothers you it must be good for us.
The sad part is that the majority of seniors voted for him is of his own race. This done because of being raised racist and stuck on stupid
Oh, that's what Obama and you & Polosi said would not happen with Obamacare and we could keep our doctors & prices would not go up! What?
WTF!!!!! Are you doing to change this course to help US Middle Class!!! GET OFF your Asshats and start rumbling LOUDER!! @NancyPelosi
Crying Chuck, Why can't u just admit Obamacare was a bust?
The saddest thing is his supporters who already know he's lying to them and just bend over for him. 45 is lying abt H/C and and tax plan!
My costs as a senior can't rise much higher. Battling cancer and already can't afford basics paying for care, copays, nutrition etc. screwed
Why are you allowing this moron to unilaterally destroy our health care?
The plan being worked out by Susan Collins will keep costs from going up for people in the exchanges.
Make sure to mention that many of them are republicans.
This is discrimination and unconstitutional -PERIOD> lets get the lawsuits started
What are you, Chuck Schumer, @NancyPelosi @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats going to do about this?
Current Obamacare drives up cost to all middle class families. Obamacare is not an option.
Don't you get tired of tweeting when nothing seems to change?
There goes any chance I had to get my TWO pre-existing, autoimmune thyroid diseases under control! Thanks for NOTHING, @POTUS!
He has no concept of cause and effect; just like any 5 year old.
Fight the Nazi " tooth and nail " !!
What r u doing? NOTHING
Why do some people, Republicans mostly cheer their own demise You can't get US without getting yourself
that is bull already killing us now
Time for Chucky to go, Put him in a museum
At least he is trying to help us out Chuck! Fuck You!
Call out each GOP who is for this! Publicly ask Scalise where would he be if this happened to him.
@POTUS new order is disgusting and disrespectful to American seniors.
Will you & Senate Leadership sue to require Exec. branch to comply with the ACA?
Sen Schumer your predictable "never Trump" rhetoric is indicative of sociapthy, because you don't care about the effect of your negativism.

Your favorability is lower than Mr Trump, perhaps because your comments are pointless negative drivel.
Eat shit Faucet Face
#ImpeachTrump#maga#aca
And pretty much everyone else
@DearAuntCrabby @POTUS THE GOP #45 DO NOT CARE ABOUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE JUST MONEY VOTE THE OUT IN 2018
Why is orange imbecile still not impeached?
