Too bad you look for fights instead of solutions. You and that entire leftist Dem Party have been fighting against Americans for too long!
Right.  Because Dems put their asses on the line to design an insurance system for everyone-to fight Americans. Use some sense.
You mean Obamacare? The same plan that every insider in the Dem party knew would self destruct and force a one payer system? Stop the con.
Hmmm--well, since you're all about freedom, why aren't we free to join Medicare if we do t want to deal with insurance companies?
It was created by LBJ in 1965 to provide medical insurance to folks 65 and over. If your 65 or permanently disabled join right up.
Um...duh. I don't need you to explain it. Why don't we have the choice? 
You're forcing me to buy insurance.
That's leftists policies crushing the working people. Taking their money and squandering it. Bottom line leftism steals, destroys and kills.
I'll tell you what is crushing the working class: stagnant wages and rising healthcare costs.  GOP isn't fixing that.  Nice try.
Mr. Schumer all Americans see is a failed healthcare bill that is all at the fault of Democrats and the previous POTUS.
NOT TRUE.  What most Americans see is one party trying to help Americans-and another trying to destroy them.  Why? MONEY
Most Americans see one party trying to help us while the other party attempts to cover up their collusion with Russia
Yes. We see the Russia collusion. Mueller was Hillary's delivery boy of uranium that paid off handsomely for Bill and Foundation.
Breitbart, prolly?
Nope. There's a wealth of info out there. Just gotta look for it. Try it.
Then why didn't you provide your source?
It's more interesting to poke people into doing their own research. You learn so much that way. Enjoy.
How do you sleep at night??? My family and I have been without ins for months. Just couldn't afford it anymore. Shame on you
GET OUT OF FLORIDA!  Find a state that takes the subsidies. Good grief.
Chuck, stop lying & fear mongering. Obamacare is dead.  Try working w/GOP.  Obamacare killing middle class.  Stop taking orders from Soros
Again pressure your governor to take subsidies and stop forcing your will on the 29 states who chose Obamacare and like it.
ACA is rotting from inside fix the f n problem
you can thank the Democrats for this. Now they won't lift a finger to fix the problems they created.
Yes I again let it rot because Dems didn't do one f n thing for the past years Reps can take it over I say after it implodes
That is a consideration however Trump decided he does not want that to happen to the American people.
I heard he say if he had his way he'd let it go when did he change his mind?
I've heard him say more than once he's not going to let that happen. Doing nothing would certainly be the easiest.
Humans react better when all seeing n witnessing the damage is causes right now it's not there yet   It won't stop the rising cost 4 medical
The American people deserve health care for all. We will keep fighting.
We deserve nothing but what we have earned.
There are many things we deserve but haven't earned: clean air & water, an honorable government, an education, etc. The list is long.
But subsidized health care ain't on your list.
John 13:34-35 All people deserve to be treated with respectful dignity & deserve health care & food & shelter & kindness.
That verse says nothing about what you state.  Also, why am I being stolen from to provide these things?
I pray no one you love ever has endless medical bills.
Still haven't given justification for why you want to steal the fruits of my labor.
Gives us more time to send you our amendments
 for 'filibuster by amendment' 
when it's needed after July 4th!
maybe Uncle Chuckie will pay your medical bills for you. I wouldn't count on anything from that snake. 2/2
u may wish to look at @kurteichenwald
@chrislhayes feed 
Hope it helps
Don't think u want to return to days when ins stops 1/2way thru chemo
You're going to cite 2 liberal loons & that's supposed to convince me? LOL!  That is exactly your problem.
@kurteichenwald is a Republican.
I wish you good health
yeah, so is John McCain. Eichenwald writes for Newsweek. End of story.
#Trumpcare is $oylent green cash, lower premiums payed for by the deaths of other people.Amounts to Cannibal-lies-nation of the poor..
#TRUMPCARE $OYLENT GREEN *The savings on your premiums your spending the dead, the elderly, the poor, medically disadvantaged ,&the disabled
*Disclaimer : Both sides have the opportunity in a bi-partisan fashion to show that everyone is important and democracy works #FixObamacare
#TY4ALLObamacare  cured me of life-threatening pre-existing condition &Today Colonoscopy,They say when you have your health you have it all.
#Obamacare * Access to healthcare, regular checkups,& following procedures directed by your physician like #Colonoscopy, Saves Lives-Saves $
YO Chucky, it's not about health care it's about Insurance!  America has free health care for those in need!
Stop lying to the American People!
But the fight to get rid of you and your lying, cheating, stealing ass is soon to be over.
American ppl was promised keep yr dr n savings of $2500 all of it was bs
Where is YOUR plan to fix Obamacare?!?! Please SHOW US!!
You are such a liar. This bill is not affordable for those who must pay. Only for those whose deductible is paid by the govt
Less expensive to pay the tax penalty than pay a $5000 deductible you don't have and insurance payments so stupid.
Which is exactly what I did for years! Monthly premiums/deductibles too high, refused it & did without! Democrat assholes STOP OBSTRUCTING!
Us too. Paid the IRS their $700 penalty couldn't afford insurance payment or deductible. Go to walk in clinic or ER
He never tweets back to these comments. Chuck is only out for chuck and doesn't care about who voted for him. Chuck sucks.
Chuckles wants: 0 insurance for the middle class. He can control the poor easier and more money for his own pocket. Distribution of Wealth.
How can you look at American people and knowingly lie. Shame on you!!
@potus does it everyday.!
Public officials have no sense of urgency to repair the horrendous Obamacare Bill because they don't have to pay into it or use the benefits
Thank you Senator!
You are killing millions of people that can't afford to pay for ObamaCare! Shame on you Schumer! You Democrats own this mess.
What do the DIMS care about fixing the ACA, they are 100% exempt from paying into it or having to try and use it
Let it crash
Of course it's not over. The Democrats will continue to resist & the GOP will make sure the American people have healthcare.

Thank you senator. The GOP doesn't care about healthcare they just want to cut taxes.
Bernie has the right answers. Be bold embrace our leftness. It's a winner this time if presented correctly.
Sure Bernie has the answers, coward backed down from Cankles.....Real tough guy, hope his wife survives the People's Bank FBI investigations
No one, in free society, should be forced to buy a good or service, then be fined for not doing so. No one, especially at the hands of govt
NOT IMPRESSED WITH YOU YESTERDAY!
AFTER 6 MONTHS YOU SHOULD WORK FOR THE GOOD OF THE COUNTRY!
RIGHT?
chuck YOU'RE the one who's out of touch. The average American wants to have a job and not have to be on welfare.
You don't have to worry about it your Healthcare is excellent and you don't even pay for it
Hear Chuck Schumer's fortune telling comedy show. Nothing he has ever stated about national issues has helped American citizens
They will make a comeback with cosmetic changes to pass just like what happened in the House.
What this scumbag is really saying is "hear more lies".
Do you have Obamacare?I think not,we want the insurance plan you have,at no cost.
Why ya calling it a FIGHT, Chuckie???  Because ya fight everything, good of the people be damned???
Term limits Chuck
Yeah Little Chucky we see how you're fighting against the repeal of Obama crap not for the people
But to spite the POTUS.
Iam so sick of the demorcats not doing their jobs and just complaining Health bill then come up with a better plan then Obama care.
You will loose
It's not a fight. You lost that already. You WILL listen to we the people and stop acting on your own ambition or you'll be looking 4 work.
Where's YOUR leadership? What are YOU going to do to fix Obamacare?  I'm going to DIE if you don't help me.  I'LL DIE! FIX OBAMACARE!

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
We're not paying for Planned Parenthood.  Our vote stands.   
Hey UpChuck Schumer, please keep blocking reform. When the obamafraud system melts down, you and your gf Pelosi own.
Go get'em Chuckie.... bahahaha
GET LIFE ALCOHOLIC
Enough with the ENTITLEMENTS !! People need to get off their asses and out to WORK. period. Tax payers suffered enough w/lib politics.
U can keep your Dr. LIE..Lower premiums LIE..$2500.00 yr savings LIE. & we're suppose to believe the crap our of UR mouth now? Yeah OK.
Where were you fighting for the middle class when Pelosi & Obama were creating Obamacare to destroy R health Ins behind closed doors. humm
Trump is right. You can't win by just being against something. Give us an alternative that works cuz O-care's premiums are too high. M4All
Schumer, Americans would be better off if you did nothing, spewing your hate helps no one,use it on Muslims,not Americans
Schumer, hate solves no problems, it only creates problems, when will you understand?
Thousands have died with Obamacare, tell the truth, Obamacare is killing people.
You will leave the poor and elderly with no health care, Obama care will fail, then there will be nothing, very stupid.
Dude, get over it. Noone wants obama care. Why in the hell do u think Trump won. Freaking clueless!
If NObamacare is so great why aren't all of you who voted for it actually on it? #MAGA
FAKE MAN - FAKE HAIR
All Dem Senators should gather during the July recess.Tell USA how @DNC will fix #ACA. 8 point plan. Dems: Be Part of Solution Revolution.
The fight is far from over because you and all of the Richie Rich in Washington got to opt out of Obama care you were too good for it L & R
But your career and legacy is!! You're beginning to sound like a clanging symbol! Retire
Chuck, the $50 Billion of Medicare/Medicaid fraud that happens EVERY year.  How many lives could we save with $50 Billion EVERY year? 
Oh pal the only fight is about how quick we can cut malignant ObamaCare off. You don't care because you're not a consumer #DUMPChuck
It's not the healthcare bill that has the rotten core, it's YOU.
Thank you for fighting for us...republicans like to forget that those they see as poor sick and old VOTE..hey hey hey GOODBYE to them soon
it was over when you and the dems ruined healthcare with your obamacare,you destroyed healthcare and you will be held accountable crybaby.
No thanks Chuck I hear way to much of you just flipping channels
GOP not like Dems. They are now pawns of party leaders like Dems following your ineptness.
Schummer would rather see USA fail than Trump success poor excuse for an American or even a human
chuck you are a multi-millionaire living off the govt dime. How can you possible justify your OWN healthcare that taxpayers pay for! omg!
How about cancel the federal exemption. See how u like paying 704 a month for one person.
You suck...
Get over it Senator! You know Obama care has failed GOP just trying to clean up the mess you made! How about U have the coverage we get!
Step up and help its about us the people not your personal issues
I'm a real person too. I lost my insurance coverage under Obamacare. What are you going to do for me and the thousands just like me.
It will get done even with your hinderance.
He's worthless.. non of them give a shit about us.If Dems get in we will for sure lose our country. they talk about jobs.. Don't believe you
Ok chuckie how many times have you got to say the same thing you said it again now move on
You people are useless!  We need to vote you all out!
If Trumpcare isn't better than Obamacare then back to drawing board.
Why is it a fight and not a cooperative effort to balance our effort to improve the health care program and not bankrupt our country .
trump tax reform/immigration law/cut excess bureaucracy by replace extensive guidelines lines to bring back reasonable cost of everything
You haven't got anything right in years. You are the phony leader of the obstructionist party with no platform. Maybe you & HRC need a walk.
Thank you senator schumer. I was listening to senator kasich he sounds like he wants to work with democrats
Im sure the obstruction without ideas will continue
senate/GOP/dnc care controlled by lobbyists influenced by foreign interest/big pharmacy. they grandstand or obstruct trump with Russia hoax
Heard enough. The message is clear: if the GOP gets it right, it will all be thanks to the Democrats.
dnc import illegals to add on obamacare by dapa/daca=medical mark up cost of goods/service by over 400%, but sell cheaper to other countries
What is you proposal?
Whose "rotten to the core" Crying Chuck, stop using DIMMs scare tactics! No cuts in Republican bill, only slowing increases!#TellTheTruth
If the comrades are so sure that Trump's solution is wrong, I would let Dems keep theirs & submit changes needed to make it work f/ review
Chuck ur disingenuous and only want to please the lobbyists who line your pockets. Not fooling us fake tears. No heart
No one is gonna die stupid lol listening to that nonsense is epic! Not one soul will die stupid ! Doctors treat everyone! Period!
It's okay that you are not in agreement but do you have to continue to show your teeth? I know how about working together to get it right?
Do you do anything but talk Negative & fear monger? Not one speech have you given solutions or ideas. Fight but fight with Solutions!
It's over for u, ur irrelevant & ofer no added value. U stand for failure
Saw Chuck at a powerful sit-in ... now that's dynamic leadership. Check your fit-bit Chuck, a few more steps would do you good!

Tell me this Chuck?  If Obamacare is so great how come millions of Americans don't have insurance?
U shld now take the 'bull by the horns' and come up with an amendment taking care of the shortcomings of Ocare. Put the GOP on the spot
.. would the United Nations  intervene in the "genacide" of 23 million people .. ?
Go to sleep Chuck. #americans don't believe what you have to say.#liberals are #hypocrites .
U have sat back knowing full well that obamacare would implode & u let it happen now GOP has a solution & u dont bother working together!
You are fighting against we Americans who elected Trump to dump Obamacare.  Stop standing in the way of progress, Chuck!  Help Trump!
So what's your answer Chuck Schumer you're so damn smart (LMAO) what's your answer to healthcare ? Tax the shit out of everybody?
His compassion is a farce he + his swamp dwellers r just trying to retain power and control of the healthcare system for the entire country
You passed shitty Obamacare which is failing
Chuck got caught today telling the truth He regretted it the minute the words left his mouth & Chuck tell America you took money 2 pass it
Be honest with the Americans, When are you going to tell us that Obama care needs a bail out?

Oh goody more lies

if you aren't lying you're crying get to work #mediawhore
You are part of a rotten party that will have nothing left in the end because of your hatred for God and America!
Honestly, the GOP is pretty crummy too.
Hey Chuck.......you would not be happy even if the perfect plan was made available.
Why aren't you in a boardroom working with the GOP on healthcare instead of putting your face in any camera you can find lying about it?
I say this to everyone who does not want ponzicare DROP OUT it will collapse on itself in a heartbeat Let Crying Lying.@SenSchumer pay 4 it
AMEN!!!!

Single payer. Now is the time to fight like hell for it.
For it to go away and never come back.  Arithmetic not your thing, eh?

Chuck Since 2013 till present day my wife & I have spent over $70,000 on ponzicare So before your pie hole know this we are dropping out
Your not even part of this Chucky just sit down and let the people in control take care of the country.
The problem is repubs refuse to work w/dems. Same as the last 8 years: block, obstruct, repeat. They have majority.
@foxnewspolitics @realDonaldTrump Chuck, so many lies, so much hypocrisy, so little time.  How do you do it with a straight face?
Keep up the fight Senator. Ignore these ignorant trolls.
Maybe if you cry some tears for us chucky. 
why aren't you telling Americans what the real issue is with healthcare?
you're right, it's not and you will lose
Gee Chuck, rumor has it that nearly 1 million people have died since ACA was passed.  Does that fall on you and your party. # reality check
Judging from the responses to your tweet, people aren't buying your fear mongering. Democrats need a new playbook and quarterback. LOSING!!!
Gee Chucky, too bad Repub Sen. are not as open as you and your Dems were w/obama care "we have to pass the bill so you can see what's in it"
What healthcare fight you've heard so many people with your evil plan Obama care the unaffordable don't care act
Keep the momentum going! #SaveACA #ResistTrumpcare #trumpcareIsDeadly
Youre just making up lies assuming that American People are stupid enough to believe you. That assumption is what's wrong with your party.
Are you going to cry some more chuckie
Far from over! Dems must demand to be a part of the team to make changes & write new plan.
You're an obstructionist and poison to The Republic. Shame on you.
LOSERS
Why don't you focus on russia
Please be sure to address the cuts to the Indian Health Service.  This isn't getting much press, but Trump's budget cuts will be a death
sentence to many Native Americans.  This is totally unethical, considering that their dependency is due to US military action/policies
Hey chuck, I need a pool filled could you cry over it for me?
Mr. Shifty, When all of the Dems frontmen are killed that will make room for younger possibly more humane & rational thinkers to replace you
 keep up the obstructing! BTW how's the unicorn chase? (Russia) looks like your man the Obama screwed the pooch on that one! 
Mr. Shifty, Since it's OK for crazy Dems & sick celebs to call for Pres' death-I call for you-Pelosi-Warren-Waters-HRC-BHO-& Soros' murders!
PRIORITIZE Economy, VA, Obamascare, SCOTUS, Term Limits. STEM Education. Immigration Control IS National Defense. #MAGA FOCUS! FOCUS!
These Machiavellian Republicans, don't care who dies, without  healthcare, as they have healthcare! "Let them eat cake!" Mentality!
@CheezyBorger @Trump45Michael @trumpy17 @alger_luana
In fact, it may only just have begun....
Schumer all u want to do is fight....U need to b replaced!
Hey chuck 8 years  and you did jack shit for health care
TY! You guys need to crash the little meeting the republicans are having at the WH. You need to bust all of their secrecy up. 
Oh you mean unlike Obama care which was passed in the dead of night with not one republican present AND has now failed?!
Oh and FYI they are writing the bill it will be presented to upchuck and the Dems when finished! Do U know how a bill is passed?
We can't believe both parties can't come up with a bipartisan bill. Disgraceful. You should all be thrown out
NOW is the perfect fine for you to run ads and stories talking about how the ACA could be fixed-if GOP were serious.
Mr. Shifty, You had a Freudian Slip today during the press conference, Huh? "...we want to hurt-I mean help American..."-Truth shines thru
Enjoy yourself on break.. well deserved.. well not really.. all you do is lie. Maybe do something constructive.. resign
You should be asking if republicans are willing to work with Democrats. Icymi, they have refused to for nearly 8 years.
What r u doing to help fix it Chuckie
Nothing just crying
I RATHER HAVE THEM GET IT RIGHT instead of shoving it through, UNLIKE OBAMA FAILED INS
Fight! Restist! DElay until Pelosi regains the speakership and can kill the bill once and for all!
What plan are you all getting? We want that
NO ONE WANTS TO LISTEN TO YOU!
You're a piece of work. When Obamacare gets replaced your quid pro quo will be worthless and the lobbyists who paid you will be so mad. HAHA
YOU already forgot passing Obamacare behind closed doors, Obama bribes,not one GOP vote, all kinds of shenanigans for "We Won"! QUIT CRYING!
Right. MONTHS of hearings, many amendments to include items repubs wanted. You need to look it up instead of believing obstructionist lies.
Yes we want the New Heath Care! U lie to the American People! We don't want Obamacare!
Mr schemer, get off your high horse, running your mouth and not doing anything shows is nothing. Get rid of OC or you get on it and see
Yourself. Better yet send me your address so you can pay my deductible. Time to shit or get off the pot.
Thanks for fighting the good fight
SMUCK CHUCK
Your party is now DEAD. You are OBSTRUCTIONISTS. 2018....
According to CBO, under 700,000 people per year will be priced out of health insur. The other 75+% want to drop it if there were no mandate.
No thanks!! Not interested in anything you have to say. All you do is obstruct and defend welfare & Medicaid abusers & illegals.
Funny how u don't fight 4all who had their insurance stolen by ACA. U won't even acknowledge us. Quit working 4 ur party, work for the ppl
Work 4 the ppl. Make comprises so all Americans have a chance not just those you target for votes. All ppl r important. Remember the middle
