Obama pardoned 100's that violently hurt citizens; some w/firearms. @POTUS pardons a LEO who enforced immigration laws #LiberalLogic
By violating civil and human rights of some who are legal immigrants based on skin tone. You cannot uphold one law by breaking another.
I don't have a problem with enforcing immigration laws, as long as it is not done by violating other laws. But it is a moot point, 1/
2/ considering that he was not convicted for "doing his job." He was convicted for violating the constitution and defying a judges orders to
3/ stop racially profiling & detaining suspects without charges. But you're okay with cops breaking the law, as long as they clear the
4/ streets of brown people. #RepubliKKKlanLogic
Hey Chucky baby...go to Juarez Mexico without a body guard and spew your lies. Better yet help convict those involved in "Fast and Furious"
Sheriff Joe, not charged with discrimination.  U should B more cautious of spewing ignorant, hateful and untrue remarks.  Contempt of court
YOU GOT SOME NERVE AFTER O'BAMA DID WHAT HE DID.
Thank you President Trump. You are doing a great job !!
Congress do something about this man!
Impeach!
The evil man does lives after them
STOP LYING ABOUT SHERIFF ARPAIO! You are a buffoon of the sorriest sort; you think you know what you're ranting. STOP the rhetoric(lookitup)
How many felons did Obama pardon? Do you even have a clue?
Maybe you should invest in new glasses and keep your head out of Pelosi's skirt
Courts have no business telling us how to do our jobs. Do you tell your mechanic, plumber & CPA how to do theirs?  I think not.
Wow. You've said some pretty dumb things, but this makes the top 5, son! It also proves you aren't a special agent, etc. Way to go champ!
To bad you didn't care that much when Obama pardoned convicted traitors and terrorists.
No comparison!
I have no idea what to say, how would you reply to that?
Live with it, ChuckYou. The President can pardon anyone - even an international thief like Mark Rich!

#MAGA #TTCOT
where were you when obama let murders out of gitmo?
This pardon seems to be a case of hater praising a hater
Hater compensating a hater, hoping to hold on to the haters he already has. What a way to live. Wow.
Why don't Democratic party members start touring vast country as preparations  to show the Republicans exit door in 2018 mid term elections
Dont worry very soon your President will loose elections
Screw you
You will make a nice President Pense.  SOON
why don't you encourage Latino's to come to America legally? Have you ever read the Constitution? Try it sometime! Lawbreaker!
You mean do his job! "unlike you" You mean Illegal people the rest of the country wants stopped? Retire so your not embarrassed
How long will it take to impeach this man what a sorry excuse this is  for a president
Against illegals
Obama released people who WERE GUILTY of SERIOUS CRIMES ! No comment from anyone. A man did his job, was jailed and released. Thank God.
It's worse than pardoning a person who violated national security and fellow servicemens lives in a felony?
We should put all of you Democrat's in jail for nor following the constitution and going rogue on Sanctuary States and cities

if POTUS can over rule Judiciary, there is no rule of law other than Trump Law. And that means autocracy. Is GOP okay with that?
Hillary, send all that charity money you got to texas

Obumer let MURDERS OUT of Guantanamo!

You are not President! Thank God! Bozo let real criminals out! When will you defend Americans First? Legal Americans!
#MAGA  chuck you discriminate against Americans in Democrats book illegals come before Americans and that's why you all will be outvoted
Imprison Trump & tame away his twitter box.  He wi go MADD!!!

...if he were on the Canadian border, I'm sure he'd question French accents the same way! Americans were being violated. Protecting them!
But pardoning drug dealers and a traitor is ok... yea, I see it... smh
But you were prbly ok with traitor Chelsea Manning & terrorist Lopez Rivera, right?
Chuck please look no further than your own party.
Quit crying.  Obama pardoned lots of criminals!
Our children are watching, listening and internalizing. By sitting silently, we are sending them a horrible message.
Unfortunately because of your parties beliefs a lot of " the children" never get a Chance to be born
You continue to prove how partisan you are what did you say to Obama when he pardoned a  terrorist. They were making bombs in your city.
Yup...next we need to send You and Hilary to jail for treason
baloney, you had nothing to say about the evil people Obama pardoned. where is your honor

Everybody at #Berkeley Need To Go home and Go To Bed and get a Life! #AntiFa #blm #WhiteNationalist  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bHHx4TFQbUtxUnpOeXhqb1l8MXlvSk1wQlpibHpHUXFn-J7E6piE-_xul4a9wwzSgMj921oWd7k94i2MOxbL …
Democrats violate the constitution, regularly. Checkmate,, Squidward.
Chuck the NAZI speaks. Never positive always negative. Pure NAZI!
The charge was *Contempt of Court* Misdemeanor. Couldn't make any other charge stick. So much for discrimination!
say goodbye to the idiotic Dems.
Then why are you discriminating against AMERICANS??
And he gets away with it, apparently the laws don't apply in Washington!
Obama pardoned a man who killed/bombed a NYCity restaurant, remember? I didn't hear you object to that. BHO released terrorists
And yet there were 5 terrorist released for one!!!  Where was the logic?
Your boy Obama violated court orders over & over again the past 8 years but that was A OK with you & your corrupt party right? Hypocrites!!!
Chelsea Manning who committed " TREASON "
BS. I am Latina & I am for JUSTICE! J.Arpaio did his job better than Obama and democRATS ever did when it comes to immigration

We know the courts are tools of the left. Look at the resistance of the "travel ban". Our eyes are open to the politics now!
Chuck please, you are a poster child for term limits. You just don't get it.
You talk a big one about sheriff Arpaio,  but what were you comments when  Obama Pardoned, Oscar Lopez Rivera& Trades a Terrorist for Votes
How about the Major's and Govs that disobey the law on Sanctuary cities? They are worst.
Wait till one of these immigrants harms a person in your family will see where you stand then get behind the president or retire
GET A LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!! Where was your outrage with Presidential pardons in the past!!!!
seems Trump learned that trick from Barry.
l
Trump is unworthy to be leader of this great country. PLEASE work to get him OUT!
Sheriff Joe was following the law, and arresting criminals. Crying chuck is a bigot, and a fool, vote him out.
A LEFT WING court appointed by your lying Afrikan, Judas Schumer?  It was political.  Sheriff Arpaio's duty is to PROTECT us.
Joe was actually doing HIS job, you should try loving America
Arpaio was a political prisoner. You Demonrats R a curse to our nation and detrimental to the well-being of the USA. Losers all!
Mr Schumer. Joe was following the law as written on the books. No discrimination, just what lawmakers voted in. Quit the crap.
BTW, if you remove Columbus' statue from Circle, Mark the end of the Demo Party in NY. No Italians will ever vote 4 U again.
You're a total hypocrite!  Below a list of Obama's pardons. Obama was fond of cocaine dealers & schiesters like you.
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Joe was enforcing the law. Trump is right again! If it was up to you Democrat boneheads we wouldn't even have a country!
What part of violent criminality don't you understand, Senator?
the only one who followed the immigration laws and the constitution some thing you have not read.No pardon on terrorist like Obama
No one is discriminating we want lawful immigration. The Law to do their job along with you doing yours! Nothing wrong with law enforcement
And you supported obama when he pardon who
Please keep it up, ypur one of the best things the GOP has, 2018! Lets consider this!
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Sheriff is a Patriot who followed our LAW & ORDER to execute and stop illegals, those turn our LAW up-side-down and blame on Joe

Thing is chuckie, we need more law enforcement to work like Sheriff Arpaio did. ALOT more. You forfeit your rights when you do the crime
With all due respect, you and the senate are just going to sit back and let him do it.  Complaining is good.  Now do something about it.
Another good call Mr. President!
what about pardons thAT OLE BILLIE AND BARRACK MADE TO SHADY FOLKS?
Release terrorists from Gitmo who some have attacked US again. Where is UR outrage over these? If U did ur job and talked as quickly on...2)
Pardon a traitor Songbird still a traitor. Pardon 1700+ prisoners, 1 which murdered 3 on release. Pardon Manning leaked classified info. 1)
Of course it was ok for Obama to pardon hundreds of hard drug dealers, dealers not users. You new-age Democrats make me sick.
where were you for the last 8 years when obama adm ingnored immigration laws and upheld sanctuary cities
Racist & WS @billclinton signed into law a RobertELee holiday on SAME DAY as MartinLKing holiday.
How come you never bitched, moaned, or whined when Obama released 9 gitmo terrorists who went back to terrorism. I guess Arpaio is worse.
Wow. Pardoned a misdemeanor! Hard to understand your moral outrage when Obama pardoned felons and you were silent.
what about obama  commuted the sentence of terrorist Rivera? dishonest
where was your outrage when obumbler emptied Gitmo of terrorists and paroled thousands of felons some who got out & committed murder ...F U
Obama pardoned much worse. Stop being a hypocrite and pass tax cuts or face more dem losses in 2018
.Obama violated many court orders, violated our constitution and did not enforce our laws! U and O Engaged in war against cops and race war
POTUS Pardoned a Good Man instead of 17 Felons, drug dealers & violent criminals
ANTIFA , the Democrats Doom!

Sad thing's I think McCain & Flake would before Pelosi,Schumer,or Schiff. PLEASE say I'm wrong @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff https://twitter.com/MichelleAKline/status/902015402854703104 …
Bahaha the Latinos are not stupid like you think bahaha
Your boy Obama pardoned murderers... No complaint from you about that, but an old Sheriff... snivels.
Whereas your buddy Obama pardoned and commuted the sentences of over 1700 FELONS, many of whom were VIOLENT.  #hypocrite
Trump has gone from ridiculous to shameful to disgraceful to dangerous. Where are constitutional protections from insanity? #throwthebumout
Let's not forget Obama pardoning Chelsea Manning.
Obama releases terrorists from Guantanamo and real criminals from prison and Democrats say nothing. Democratic party in imploding.
Since Democrats don't care about facts the facts won't shut them up.
Democrats are so pathetic. They care more about illegals than actual citizens, including terrorists.
It was Obama and Holder that set him up and you know it!  People are as stupid as you think we are.
Illegals
Section 8 - Powers of Congress. To establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization, Do your job.

Worry about #Houston right now
That action tells the world who he is.
Hmmmm. Obama pardoned a terrorist and then a traitor. Didnt hear a peep from you
Obama pardoned a spy that was leaking classified info? also rapists drug dealer your pedophile buddies and you complain about sheriff Joe?
you let Obama and Clinton get by with murder and theft how much was your payoff? shut your mouth and do your job you are no senator for USA
and then announce it on national TV and twitter.  LOL. You need to get behind the AMERICAN people.
Nice try, but he made his intentions known at a rally well before the storm hit
Hypocritical u did not object to Obama pardoning a man who helped to kill people in NYC
Obama pardoned seasoned criminals in his final years as prez. One of which famously was arrested weeks later @SenSchumer
Not the whole story is it.. You said nothing when a "pardoned" terrorist murderer was honored in a New York City parade. YOU SAID NOTHING
The courts where telling a law enforcement officer to violate his oath of office. Typical liberal judge that knows very little about the law
As far as I'm concerned, all our elected reps. are sitting, making a lot of noise and doing nothing! You all pardon Trump everyday!!!!
versus pardoning a terrorist......a leader of terroism Oscar Lopez. NO comparison. Stop the hate!
I guess he could have pardoned murderers and drug dealers like Obama did instead.
Political prisoner
But it was ok for Obama to pardon almost 2,000 federal felons?  You are a tired old hypocrite!
your boy BHO unleashed over 1,700 criminals....Stop whining & earn you YUGE govt salary! @POTUS is #MAGA
So why don't you prosecute Hillary for her treason crimes? Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Obama pardons terrorists and snowflakes dont say a word.
Remember when Jane Sanders did photo op with that creep? Gee them OUT of our party business.
The judge was wrong. Period.
Where were you when Bill Clinton pardoned his brothers Coke dealer?
Why not you and others have violated the United States Constitution every day, illegal immigrants. you can't talk
Upholding the law is is not a crime. Arizona has many Latino illegals
vs Obama pardoning drug dealers and rapists?
What did you say about Obama pardoning this man? #LiberalLunatic #hypocrite
Then DO SOMETHING about it.
he wasn't discriminating, he was doing his job & that was why he was arrested, your love affair with illegals is sick
LIES
And Obama pardoned hundreds including a man who committed treason and your ok with that or just double standard..  https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
I didn't know that enforcing the law is now discrimination under democrats dicctionary!
Take you lies elsewhere, Sheriff Joe is a good man, which I believe you are not Chuckie!
Please take your comments about MY Presiden Elsewhere, Thanks in advance!
Where were you when Obama pardoned drug dealers? At least this man kept his community safe. #HYPOCRITE
Maybe you would of been happier if he released 5 terrorists..or released that crack head who murdered g.f and her 2 kids like O did.
Once again chuckle' ur more worried about politics then the pl of Texas
Another move to disregard the Constitution and becoming a dictator.  #Resist.
He was charged for misdemeanors so prosecution could avoid grand jury, which would find him innocent! Pardoned for misdemeanors
It's called deporting illegals... protecting our borders.. look at who obama pardoned (criminals)before throwing stones Senator!!
But you had no problems with pardons of obama and Clinton / you are truly an unbelievable hypocrite
I guess you did not watch the rally, he said it then that the Sherry will be ok. You should listen to YOUR President.
LYING RACIST BIGOT TRUMPET
This PARDON Is Pure RACIST
But you didn't have any problem with #Obama pardoning Chelsea Manning - a person who leaked national secrets, did you?
You are lying again
Pardoning a man who cost 4 American their lives=Obama Pardon of Oscar Lopez Rivers=disgusting & pardoned a man who butchered children
Democrats have to wake up
Time to come up with specific programs and publicize them .
Start nominating candidates to defeat Republicans.
Go to court against them
In your face
Oh did you object when o@bama pardon real criminals,@a terrorist, a traitor-manning, a drug dealer then later killed 3 people hypocrite
Why did Arizonans keep voting him in ?  You are a complete #fraud.  Time for term limits
Ur party is unhinge mentally and all members in congress n senate of dems need mental eval.. U and pelosi,waters are poster children 4 it 
What about ur buddy pelosi calling 4 violence against a peace rally calling n for prayer n unity.Called them white supremacists n far fr it
60 years in law enforcement & you begrudge him a pardon for "a misdemeanor contempt charge"? He's 85 & you want a pound of flesh? Twisted!
U mean a law enforcer that refused to let ILLEGAL CRIMINALS go free
You know illegal?
How was he discriminating exactly? Wasn't he trying to deport illegal aliens
Illegal latinos!!! You should quit discriminating against legal americans.

You mean illegals right?
Love you chuck
You and your ilk are obstructing this president. You are among the global political class and only out for yourself.
@EricHolder violated a Congressional order. Can't find your tweets on that crime.
Glad ur in the job... doing NOTHING! Sux not seeing a forest in between the trees huh?
by pardoning 1 turkey today, will the turkeys on Thanksgiving be in jeopardy? he may need to throw them under the bus to 'pardon' himself
