And which climate change scam stocks did you profit from Chuck?
Sure chuckles.
Yea cause that's the most dangerous item to our world right now. Not the radicals looking to blow us up
Yeah. It is. Ask experts at the Pentagon!  Generations of forced migration and economic/political instability due to climate-related crises
Actually, it represents a complete failure on the part of Congress to address issues via legislation & not deference to executive authority
What do people,who don't believe in Global Warming,think is causing all the insane weather?Look at weather map of US,looks like Armageddon.
Yes lets all be concerned that Mother Nature might not balance things as she should, like she has been doing way before WE got here!
Let's have another special committee investigate! More wasted tax dollars!
DISCOVER
sea levels have risen only 5mm in the past 60 years
Remember morons 
#ActOnClimate =SCAM
#ClimateChange = HOAX = Religion=Fake News
Not clear Chuck. You aught to study paleo Climate records.
Yeah, or maybe its just springtime and warm enough to melt.   Natural Occurance.  Nothing here move along.
(a) it's the end of autumn in the Southern Hemisphere and (b) no, not seasonal, feel free to read. 
They're called "glaciers". They do that. Do you think the Titanic was lost because the US wasn't in the #ParisAgreement?
u r a joke
We need jobs and you are doing nothing and have done nothing to give US jobs. I know you don't care 0
A carbon tax would make a big impact in slowing/ stopping climate change.
There is no climate change which can be controlled!  It's naturally occurring always has always will
Wrong and unscientific.
You are a fraud.
Why don't you move to Antarctica!
Whine, whine, whine! That's all dems do. No help with jobs. No help with healthcare. No help at all!
Boooo! No! Pull out!
Miles of ice have been collapsing into the sea for thousands of years.  How is it still there you libtards?  #maga
Funny how these climate incidents always occur in remote places we cannot physically verify for ourselves. #Hmm
Like the entire middle of the country? They had 24 tornados in one day! Not normal!
Keep voting out Democrats that cry for American Patriots to bow to Globalist.
Keep voting Blue to cleanse the world of the lack of any moral fiber of these corrupt GOP "so called Leaders " !!
@realdonaldtrump
@SpeakerRyan
@SenateMajLdr 
@randpaul
@senJamesInhofe 
@JohnCornyn 
@SenJohnBarrasso 
@orrinhatch
@SenTedCruz 
@SenMikeLee
YOU are criminally insane.  #Hoax   We DEMAND the Senate RATIFY the Paris Agreement Fraud or it's OVER! @realDonaldTrump
Ice has been falling into the ocean for eons, get over it.  It wasn't too long ago a ship was ice bound and had to be rescued.
Oh, the horror. Who would have ever guessed the planet changes over time.
Because an agreement will end all the worlds environmental problems. #TermLimits #draintheswamp
Melting like your party #maga
Hey Sen. Schumer, please note the number of Russian Trolls replying to your tweet. You might want to have NSA/FBI investigate them all.
ROFL atyou
That probably just means we drink to much, you better stop drinking and driving and eating.
We need to withdraw from this bogus agreement
hahahaha oh u love to spread it on thick!!! How much did you get paid for this public service announcement
No we don't
Yeah because the oceans were going to rise 3meters and flood all the coasts of the world when it melted. Oh wait, that didn't happen. Liar
no idiot we need to solve problems like isis and n korea damn  snowflake
when dimosours roamed the earth they didnt have an artic untill a meteor hit earth that caused the ice age.
Chuck your perfectly possessed evil
Yet East Antarctica is amassing huge amts of Ice-------go figure
Fly to china and India and talk to them about global warming will never happen
Oh no!
BS the ice has grown . We are not sending money for ur ilk to line your pockets nice try
This is what I call MOTHER NATURE TAKING OVER if you can control it then you are GOD. but you can't so you aren't God.
Funny, they just had record cold temps since 50 years ago.....don't think they are sliding too far
WHAT EVER CHUCK. YOU WERE AT THE BEACH
When the ice melts in Antarctica the oceans will rise 180 ft. Bye Florida,most of east&west coast cities,Texas, Louisiana.That's just the US
Funny in the 70's they said ice age was coming, 80's hole in ozone, 90's global warming  all proven wrong!!!
ice sheets on Antarctica R melting!1 the size of Delaware is going 2fall in2 the ocean soon. when US cities R under water maybe youll get it
NASA says ice is growing in Antarctica!!!  And has been for years.
Did you find yourself in Antarctica.
Moron, it's called summer, it's been happening every year for billions of years.Stop fear mongering
With all attendees wasting fuel with jets and motorcades to get there?  Hypocrites...they know its a hoax.
f in lies by a cry me a river has been!
As they have been for centuries and centuries and then refreeze and grow again. Its a cycle you loon
Will it stop volcanic eruptions ...nope... than its worthless
Chuckie, you're lucky to have staff to let you know what's going on. The Paris agreement is a joke. We need countries to have strict laws.
Fake news, right #45?
Clear, really? There is more ice in Antarctica now then there was for hundreds of years.
Please produce evidence of this claim. Otherwise it's just bull shit

Did you read the article? They are not saying that Antarctica is not losing ice into the sea, which causes sea levels to rise...
Balbalababla ns Chuckie cheese
"It's clear"
What exactly is clear?
Only a fool don't recognize the earth climate changes on it's on time frame. But ya'll have made millions so why not.
That's been happening for centuries crocodile tears
Meanwhile in America dems are still wasting taxpayers money on made up bs
Antarctica ice has been collapsing in the sea for millions of years.  It is called icebergs and the change of seasons.  Your hot air maybe?
Degrading Americans is the old way of doing things. Get with it Chucky! America first, you didn't get the memo?
Let it Chuck.  There is stuff buried under that ice that will change the world and blow your mind.
Fake news and lies for the low infos.
Are you now a scientist?
Bs
Since when r u Mr Science?
FAKE SOLUTIONS
Fact: Chuckles blowing hot air has caused a panic in America. Result : Anderson Cooper gets more gas & splatters Don Lemons face,off air.
It's clear we need a new New York senator Who wants to focus on more important issues. Jobs, jobs, jobs.
Please go there and push that o. That community   we tired of hearing your BS
Probably from all your hot air
Wahhh!  Wahhh!  What e we gonna do???  
That study has many variables. Not credible to say we should have a 'need'
I agree, this is scarey. People need to wake up & start helping with fixing the problems that causing this.
Chuckie. Maybe you should fly there and stand on some ice and WAIT!
Antarctic ice hit record highs from 2012 to 2014 before returning to average levels in 2015. Nature is not static. It changes. Source: NASA
More scare tactics. Save me your bullshit.
What happened to the Russian Ruse??? Stay focused on very fake news and very fake Narratives.
Maybe you should say it with tears in your eyes
Drink drink drink the Koolaid of the NYT!
We need term limits Chuckie Lies A lot!
We can do only what we can do, We will not change Mother Nature's course. We do not need to piss away trillions on fake climate change.
Stop blowing so much hot air ......... frigin twerp
U have NO clue, Chuck,U drink the cool aide, the earth has wormed and cooled from the beginning of time. 
Hey schumer, if you're worried about "climate change" here's a tip, adjust your thermostat.
Freeze Big Oil Profits? Subsidies? Enviro-Mental Destruction?
Fake News, chuck!
This from guy who set record in Senate for most private plane flights as a Senator
Fu Chuck!!
I checked McMurdo, it's 4 degrees. So ice is melting?
Shut up Chuck, everyone alive today will die before global warming gets us... grow up!!!
You and your party melting not the ice.
Should pay more attention to what fools you are making of yourselves!
The sea ice is refreezing at a incredible rate causing a record extent of sea ice in Antarctica. #NASA #AllFacts
Wow , 3 ice cubes melting in my soda. Call the Times.
Ale and he ice in the world can't get through the thick Democrat skull of Chuck Schumer !!! Be clear and deny everything is the (D)emonRats!
No the earth is tilted from earthquakes water depletion fires (because trees are not cut in forests) china with their pollution and you
Manhattan should invest in canoes
U an all who stands to make $ off this.
Antarctica had record levels of gained sea ice in 2016.
They say there is same amount of ice now was there 30 years ago
America 1st Chuck.
Probably due to all the HOT AIR flowing from Washington.
If this guy is the best the democrats have as a leader this explains what a joke the Dems have become! Enjoy the next 8 years Chucky!
Chuck, if you and the Dems ever get to be in charge this country will collapse much sooner then Antarctica
Amen great tweet
Until everyone accepts fact 90+ Earthquakes and Tsunamis cause axis shifts,  no money can change the facts.  Truth wins always. Trust God.
Oh wait @FoxNews sources say that vists 2Antarctica .explosive materials were found in the ice shelf.No global warming. Wtf @foxandfriends
Meanwhile in Manchester......... funny how the Dems act like if they don't mention it it didn't happen!
MEANWHILE HERE IN AMERICA WE HAVE DEMOCRATS THAT OBSTRUCT TO MAKE THE PRESIDENT FAIL REGARDLESS OF HOW NEGATIVELY IT AFFECTS AMERICANS!
LOSER glaciers.
There's more ice than 10 years ago
So many lies American ppl should stop paying taxes since U guys can't get it right.
I believe now is the proper time to freak out
NOT A PRIORITY at this time, lets balance the budget and keep Americans safe. ISIS grows there will be no one to fix climate control!
Eek! The sky is falling!  We need to pay more taxes to "fix" it.
Every year that happens is nothing new and has been going on for millions of years, earth was at one time over 1000 deg no ice then????
Exactly and the Great Lakes were formed by Glaciers! Arizona was tropical, it's called nature!
Meanwhile, the World is on Fire!
Manchester it a terrorist cell what good is worrying about climate if your killed as a result of liberal logic
You must have stock in some company that profits off all this shit.
You all (DEMS) r copying this same tweet!  Be original!
2017 NASA record sea ice extent.
China & India need to become more serious about this. We don't have industry anymore, so we need to walk the walk & give up all of our cars.
The Paris climate change accord is the first climate agreement to include developing countries like China and India. It's a first step.
Nah
Another lie!  @CNN @cnnbrk @CNNnewsroom @CBSNews @MSNBC @NBCNews @nytimes @washingtonpost @ABC
Well Chucky then move to Paris
We didn't win the election to continue with irrational and embarrassing lefty policies..
No we don't need it if you get China to clean up they are worst polluter then world will better
Could it be a natural cycle happening for billions of years that humans haven't been around long enough to see in full?
A cult of Americans.
Why is it that it's that the liberals  are protesting free speech on campuses everywhere. Who's the Nazi party?
Don't forget Russian troops in Antarctica as ice melts. National security risk 
Yep, blame a few plastic bags for the ice naturally melting.  I'm sure the homeless and poor uneducated kids care about the ice melting.
It's okay to care about more than one thing at the same time. And those kids will be even worse off with extreme weather & rising seas!
Oh Chucky you have ingested too much koolaid. Try educating yourself instead of reading talking points. CC IS THE NEW RELIGION
Climate change science is not religion. Why don't you look into some of the research instead of dismissing it? https://www.skepticalscience.com/argument.php 
Oh cupcake believe me I have. And it is a state sponsored religion. Man made climate change is the biggest hoax ever.Its all about power....
Hey, @SenSchumer , are there any studies being done on increased temp. Affecting Human mammals?  Sure seems like a lot of violence
Scientists have linked extreme weather (hurricanes, droughts) around the world to warming waters. Plus rising seas!
Not real scientists in the weather field. In fact hurricanes have not changed nor have the droughts.
No you don't need the Paris accord , tillerson signed a climate pact with Canada  and Russia , you know let our money work for us .
Thank you for making this urgent!!
Time to make climate disaster contingency plans. The Titanic/climate won't turn on a dime. #Paris lks like rearranging the deck chairs.
Once upon a time, the Earth was covered in ice. Then, along came man ...
NYT?  LMAO!!!
No, we need borders, legal immigrant, HC repeal & replace, and tax reform. Democrats are out of touch; that's why you lost it ALL.
But what the opponents fail to talk about is all the jobs that clean energy initiatives have produced and the money they save us on energy
Not for Americans when your buying other people's technology. Obama signed nafta he was putting coal miner and electrical workers out ofwork
ice does that every year. you are a fraud, chuck.
Clear to all but the flat earth, ostrich vision, big oil / Koch dupes.
Climates aren't static, they constantly change @SenSchumer
