Does anything shock you anymore from The imbicile #Potus
Alice, you're incoherent tweets are devoid of punctuation and proper grammar. I see that you are one of Drumpf's proud "Poorly-Educated".
I love it when Dump worshippers get stumped so they start throwing out words like 'Soros' or 'Hillary'  #Impeach45 #Resist
Funny how these people hide behind a carton , such cowards ...
I love it how these repukes can't even spell common everyday words like "cartoon." No wonder you all love Dumb so much #Impeach45 #Resist
Absolutely! I am from Wisconsin and would like apologize in advance to the country. Clarke is evil.
How is denying an inmate water, causing death by dehydration American law?
Not a lie. Milwaukee isn't far from me...this was a pretty big story and happened under his watch.
Thank you for having an objective, open, mind.
Please reject Diablo Incarnate.
Dingbat from "All in The Family"? Is that you?
@SheriffClarke is a law man and won't be tolerating your "all illegals are dreamers" policy #FoxNewsSpecialists
Oh man that's just as sad as it is pathetic, do you really believe all that crazy nonsense that conservative media feeds you?
WE NEED SHERRIFF CLARKE....there's an open murder investigation into the execution of SETH RICH!  We need Clarke's expertise....now!
Can you believe what we hear?  That it wasn’t the RUSSIANS but that the DNC LEAKS ……CAME FROM INSIDE THE DNC!
Maybe the  real investigation into the bottom of the so call RUSSIA LEAKS should be into the MURDER of SETH RICH!!!!!
One might wonder if someone put the clamps on the investigation of the SETH RICH MURDER!
The American people deserve to know why Seth Rich was murdered!  Could he have been the so-called RUSSIAN LEAKER?
@SheriffClarke is a better man than you'll ever be. What kind of man are you to call out anyone?! You're corrupt as they come.
how about we find out what you know about the #AwanBrothers Chuck
Sheriff Clarke, a LOOSER! Ha
Democrats are just afraid he will put them in jail where they belong
Is it because he is black
The American people have really learned just how corrupt the #Democrats really are.
Look, Trump supporters say crazy bullshit all the time but this makes no sense, opposing a fascist = corruption? The hell are you smoking?
You really don't like blacks, do you?
Don't see you and the DNC weeding out all yours with disturbing history. Good grief your new head is a mess. Listen to his language?
can we reject you that would be a relief #impeachschumer
What about Sherriff Clarke don't you like Chuck Schumer?? Very disturbing statement from a Senator.
Schumer, you are disturbed by anyone who supports Trump. Actually, you are just disturbed! Seek out a mental health professional!
Only one reason for this......................Russians!
you gonna fake cry again? Your full of it Chuck
*You're
Many people type quickly. Between auto correct and wanting to get your message out, mistakes are made. If you want to correct people make
sure all of your posts are correct!
The fundamental concept of his post was flawed but pointing that out would have been to no avail. It's more fun to be dismissive of the fool
I think Clarke has delusions that he's white! It's going to shock him when he finds out he's not!
He is an absentee sheriff who only focuses on his own brand. He uses fake military insignia on his uniform, and he kills people in his jails
Bots everywhere....
He's definitely extreme for you since he wants to enforce the law.
Should we care what Chuck thinks. Puts party before country. Very willing to hurt USA to advance his party. Not truthful
This slam on Sherriff Clarke reflects antiTrump demwit politics! Sheriff Clarke is an excellent choice! Any appointee by Sec Kelly is tops!
You have contempt for the American People. Murdered DNC Staffer Seth Rich Shared 44,053 Democrat Emails with WikiLeaks. Russian my foot A-H!
This turned out to be journalistic malpractice NON-STORY BS. Of course didn't stop you from spreading the gossip
@SheriffClarke directing our #NationalSecurity is the best thingto happen since #Trump! If he was a #Liberal, you'd be called 'racist'.
Well I mean @SheriffClarke is a Fascist whose incompetence has cost lives. So yeah this would be highly disturbing
What are you even trying to say? That he's going to murder people? Like that's a good thing? Plus you seem to agree he's a fascist.
The fact you are re-elected is more disturbing. @SheriffClarke I can trust. You I can never trust.
Yes, Sheriff Clarke is. Chuck is the same type that helped close my family business And I don't trust anyone like him.
Your business closed in MA so you don't like a Senator from New York? 

My shoe laces became untied once so I curse Nike's name forevermore.
One store in Albany NY, One store in MA. 50 + people out of work.
Sorry mate.  I worked for a coffee shop when I was younger.  My reason for leaving was, Dunkin Donuts opened across the street, shop closed.
When your government fails to protect jobs in US, it fails, Members of that government take the blame
They are cut from the same cloth, sir.
All this administration needs is a gung ho whack job to add to the current dysfunction. If this guy is so tough ,send his ass to North Korea
send your communist ass to N Korea!
It is disturbing that you care more for your own self than the apAmerican people that elected you, traitor.
Schumer does not want to keep the American people safe,he wants more Muslims here and does want strong Homeland Security
What you so scared of??  need a safe space from the big bad Sherrif?? 
Ahhh...a racist Jew...who knew!!!!?
You sir need to do your job not spew the hate, or leave the senate
Yes. Extreme history of actually upholding the law. Something I know nothing about.UR a hypocrite and should be indicted 4aidingnabbetting
Radical Schumer calling the kettle black...is it a races thing Chuck
Just what America needs. If you disagree that means we are on the right track.
Chuck, don't you believe in the rule of law. Your party has no leadership and no agenda. Party of obscenity, violence and lies.
why? Might he get to the bottom of DNC corruption!
I said it before I'll say it again you are the poster child for term limits you need to go and retire
chuck you're so partisan it stinks When Obama used 300 million tax dollars to interfere with the Israel's election you said nothing
He has already been hired. Papers processed. UR the one we need to fire
He is a patriot, you are a clown.

'Sheriff' Clarke, unlike you, knows what he's doing & is perfect for the job.  Learn to spell, dim-wit !!!
But...but..but...he's got a cowboy hat and fake military uniform. Doesn't that count for anything?
actually chuck you living in congress for life sounds like an extreme history  you do nothing   except talk
Schumer what is his extreme history protecting law abiding citizens you sir are confused
Finally, someone that knows how to enforce law. Smart man with lots of insight iinto problems.
Excuse me @SenSchumer The only person being extreme is you by the way this is a pretty racist comment you just posted
I hope so many people have died under his watch
But Clark fits in so well with this Administration they need lackees. People who lack the knowledge of their assigned position.
America rejects you! #obstructionofjustice
its funny that you would ever point the finger at someone and say extreme Chucky. You have been radicalized by the far left's money machine.
Chuckie if it was up to you liberals everyone who gets out of prison would be handed a PHD . don't get it POWER to the middle class .
What you will really find Disturbing is the full disclosure of the democratic deceits and cover-ups. Chuck ur f***ed
Who knew @SenSchumer was a racist and didn't like black men?
When will Chuck Schumer resign. Every day he doesn't he damages the nation. He must resign for the good of the country, immediately!
Grow up, we reject you

he's a true American patriot not some politician that's all in for votes
Drive Schumer out with the rest of EVIL
...said NO ONE who supports Law & Order, Respect for Authority, and criminal Accountability for Fascist rioters EVER! #MAGA #RIYADHSUMMIT

He got something on You?
Very disturbing.
Here's what rejection looks like
The people in the red want To Make America Great Again.  The rest can keep crying and lieing all you want.
We need sherriff Clarke.  We want Sherriff Clarke.
He's another bad apple. Why do this President continue to drag himself in the mud..with these do boys administration and not real men.
Schumer the schmuck you going down BIT*H
We love sherif Clark. A true patriot. Not a phony and a hater of America like chuckie
And we need a lot more like Clarke lil chuckie. BTW, when you introducing #TermLimits for a vote. It's time! Term limits REQUIRED
If you are afraid of him Chucky then Sherriff Clarke IS the right guy!
Your giving us the playbook if we ever need it Chucky.
Just when it seems that Schumer can't go any lower...
President chooses
Sheriff Clarke best Police Officer America have. I  Sheriff Clarke.
There is always one Welfare Case in everyone Family. LMAO
LMAO: I have one Democrat in my family. My Dogs Is A Democrat. https://twitter.com/Allthatjewelry/status/866301469372416000 …
Chuck...what about Seth Rich??? Shouldn't we investigate the bizarre murder of a DNC staffer???
Chuck Schumer ...A Man of Principles?
Another Russian Agent?  

#russiatrump
Shut Up!
Chuck Schumer,You R beyond disturbing. You're Dangerous! Sheriff Clark has more Integridy in his pinky finger than your whole Decrepit being
The more you rant, the more pathetic you sound. #Trump is @POTUS now. Get over it. We suffered 8 yrs of #Obama @FLNJ312 #MAGA
You would hate Jesus Christ himself if Trump nominated him.

STFU @chuckschumer DO THE WORK OF THE PEOPLE!  Enough politicizing!
@kmf829
Why does Schumer hate strong black people?
He scares you doesn't he? I'm very happy that he's going to help make America great again. BTW all sources were cited.
True racist colors showing!

I am sure your opinion will carry a lot of weight you sad excuse for a public servant
Change as you know keeps us alive.
Chuck Schumer stop passing Judgement on other people being elected in our government, taxes are so high in New York State why don't you help
This administration is getting so ridiculous!!!
If I disagreed with Obama I was called racist because it must be because I am white. But YOU can do it because...well, Democrats just can...
Wait! What? You, a white male, disagree with a black it's his policy. If I disagree with Hillary then I am misogynistic? Socialist logic?
It's clear democrats want to destroy anyone with an AMERICA FIRST agenda. To them it's about a New World Order and a USA with no borders.
What a disgrace. Can anyone say with a straight face that this clown is the most qualified for that job?
EMERGENCY CALLS  DENY SHERIFF CLARK
202-224-3121
RT RT RT PLS 
#YouShallNotPasssss
@NRA: @SheriffClarke is Mother Teresa compared to ponzi scheming @SenSchumer's unaudited @federalreserve gunman to the taxpaying hogshead.
Mr. Schumer, people are driving cars on sidewalks killing-injuring pedestrians & in your constituency all you do is try to bring down Trump?
How many boxes of Cracker Jack did that clown have to buy to get all of those trinkets on his costume?
The only thing 'distrurbing' about Sheriff Clarke's nomination is he's 'all an American hero' 2 the ppl. 
@SenSchumer @DHSgov @USATODAY
The Sheriff will do a great job! Schumer....who won the election? You have short term memory issues.
Chuck don't support anyone that is not corrupt
Chuck retire please
U and @NancyPelosi hate @realDonaldTrump so much u have no issue destabilizing our country. You're both more dangerous than Isis
And New York should reject you as Senator!
You're scared of him. The truth stings huh Schmuck?
Waaaaa ,   My new name is crybaby Schumer
If he's smart he will reject him but not sure.  Too many of his type already there in positions
I'm sure you are a fine politician but Trump is our President. Let him be.
Why such negative feedback all the time? Democrats can't always have the last say. Trump is doing a great job.
@SenSchumer & any rational person left in gov, Sheriff Clarke PLEASE no. Fight. He was so awful during campaign. No.
@SenSchumer -you make promises you never intend to keep- like writing legislation to get the 74 USS  FRANK EVANS crew  on the wall-get on it
Fantastic choice and Schumer you are a clown
SHERIFF CLARKE IS THE PERFECT GUY FOR THE POSITION OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY IN THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  GET OVER IT SHUMER
the people should reject u
Are you scared Chuckles? Your sound paranoid these days
Wow - #donothingchuck doesn't even like the Sheriff.
And You!
America should reject you
Give him the sherif a break. It took a lot of Cracker Jack boxes to collect all that bling on his uniform! @DHSgov @SenSchumer #trumpfail
He should be on the Wrestling network... I really think he reminds Trump of his favorite wrestler Junk Yard Dog....oh yaaaa
What is disturbing is that you, Nutty Nancy, Wacky Waters still hold positions within our government.
Law and order and opposition to anarchists is now considered an "extreme history"?  Or is he part of  the Russian invasion?
Chuck, you have a lot of negative replies here. Either you don't read them which is most likely or no balls to enter the conversation.
I am outraged at Trumps appointments Recent death of an inmate denied water for a week Clarke should be jailed for crimes against humanity
Fine leadership always intimidating to weak men like Chuckles.
I just wish you would shut the heck up. All you do is cry  and belly ache. You need to resign.
Slim chance of Kelly rejecting him.
With all eyes on #trumprussia wtf would you appoint someone with more Russian ties
Spread the word, good Senator. I worked phones for your D'Amato run w/NE contractor.
This entire administration is a joke..if it weren't so friggin scary
Careful chuck, your racism is showing.
It's time for you to keep your mouth shut senator fake tears you and your party don't have the power anymore so keep your lips zipped sir.
Voters will be rejecting Democrats in 2018
How dare him wants to protect and serve view from the left keep men in the little girls bathroom but not protect Americans
Trump loves uniforms and dictators with no respect for law. Hence Clarke.
Why do you have such an issue with the man, Could it be race?
Why is this fine man not qualifyed for job?  What special requirements does Schumer have considering the zero work he's done in last 6 mo?
Please enlighten us as to this extreme history.
Why do u oppose "everything" Trump does? U Dems r covering up something. What is it. Ur an awful "leader".
Sen. Schumer,  I wonder what your real objection is???  Would it be race?  Just saying.......
The more that Chuckie is disturbed the more likely it is a good move.
You're the danger to this country!
You are disturbing. You don't care about the common man, you resist anything that helps lift us up, brings jobs. Truth will be kept so your
Children's children know the truth and hang their head in shame. Historical record of these days will be kept though you silence all dissent
Schumer the system has bought you-your solidarity is with the rapists of NYC-I wonder what your hobbies are outside of politics
Schumer you're corrupt puppet of your party spewing whatever they instruct you to say-can't wait to see skeletons out of the closet soon
He must be block @JudiciaryDems @SenateDems he is a homophobic and gender-phobic unfit mentally
I think is time he is force to step down with no pension after he force a woman to give birth in shackles is @hrw  violation
