
Same old playbook. Class warfare, racism, inequality blah blah blah. We’re sick of it. It’s all BS out of the Dems mouths! Tax reform NOW!
Corporations relay profit sharing to the public at the cost of money
The only tax breaks should be Child credit and charity donations,,, NO other tax breaks.
They keep it because it is an expense. It becomes a double taxation for an individual if we lose it as a deduction.
It is NOT double taxation. If standard deductions are raised, unless you are a high earner you DO NOT pay 1,000's in state or local tax
I should have more been specific.  If I can not deduct sales & property tax, I am paying federal tax on same dollars that went to the state.
Middle class gets screwed by Republicans/#Trump. What else is new?
Yes sch, it is all about protecting their money. A lot like you. #MAGA resign
Trump won’t show his taxes, any jobs, any wall, any health care, any tax reform or any humanity.
So what's your point? Are you watching too much mainstream media? You know it's bad for you, all those lies all the Fabrications!
Instead of saying the SAME LIBERAL TALKIN POINTS,GET SPECIFIC AN TELL US EXACTLY WHY U THINK THAT?
Bullshit
By the PEOPLE, Of the PEOPLE, FOR the PEOPLE.....  not corporations !!!
Schumer how come you never once mentioned how Obama robbed Medicare of 700 Billion to prop up failed Obamacare!
Millions of Americans have suffered under the extreme tax burden u & obama have subjected us too long GOP is tax RELIEF from dem oppression
what is wrong with Trump   Why he doesnt realize he is President of the USA not running the turmp family.   he is selfish and arrogant  a 0
.@SenSchumer is a #Liar #hypocrite try to bash tax reform for his own tax claim benefit http://dailycaller.com/2017/10/18/chuck-schumer-wrote-off-58000-last-year-using-tax-deduction-hes-trying-to-save/ … & wealthy will be hit hard
So what? If the first 24,000 isnt taxable anyway this really isnt a big deal stop it.. Corporations pay big $$'s of state and local taxes.
Tell me please, how much are @SenSchumer and his friends in NY offering Amazon to locate in NY?
I guess that you are unaware that NY and NJ are offering Amazon massive tax breaks, so they do not need the tax deduction.
Have you read the tax plan without seeing it
Have you read it without seeing it?
You lie. Chuck u.
"Millions of Americans would lose state&local tax break under Trump's revamp of tax code, but corporations would get to keep it."
Tax cuts are just one side of the equation.
Let's say you have $2,000  in deductibles. If T axes deductibles and give you a 1,500 tax cut you end up with a net loss of $500.
Why should well run State's subsidize NY??? Unconscionable and unacceptable! Stop wining and get your house in order
This is good, well almost.  It penalizes poorly operated states by incentivizing movement to better states.  Should be applied to corporate.
I know. Please please don't let it pass if possible.
Pass it for all the people, even stupid democrats that don't understand it.
Thus, it's the biggest tax increase ever.
Just the opposite first $24,000 tax free if married.
Fake news! Why do you keep wanting to spread fake news? Stop hating on America.
Was it cbs that  just get caught fake news? Checking
Post a copy of the bill
ALERT:  MISLEADING HEADLINE!  So, lose ability to claim state taxes. But, STANDARD DEDUCTION DOUBLES!!!  Individuals come out ahead.
Corporations always get OUR tax breaks. IMPEACH TRUMP NOW! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!
Didn’t a Representative get that ball rolling?  Maybe waiting to see how 2018 elections turn out?
Rich Schumer wants to write off his state taxes at the expense of everyone else losing $4k and child credit




Apparently you did not read it.  Lmao
millions of people already lost on obamacare paying 3,000-6,000 a month in premiums while you get it for free.Middle class gets tax break
Way out of context and twisted. #fakenews
I seem to have read otherwise? I don't see the double amount deduction in your statement #Liars !
Educate yourself, don't believe the lying democrats.
Of we will not get a tax break. The middle class doesn't count haven't counted in 40 years.
We get the tax break.
Just like they are keeping their windfalls from the stock market.  Nit giving raises to employees, not creating new jobs, just sucking up the cash!
Yep have millions in breaks and it has created a grand total of less than 100 jobs!!! Democrat policies just don’t work.
YA RIGHT, tRUMPS Revision to the Preamble...
Carlos, go back to Mexico, we have enough gardeners.
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!!!!
Not one shred of evidence just the retarded.left
Trump’s tax scam
No.  Democraps are the scams
How they no!
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/10/18/opinion/protect-alaskas-last-great-wilderness-from-oil-drilling.html?referer=https://www.google.com/ … ...and GOP will pay for revenue short fall by drilling in Arctic Refuge. Vile, UNCONSCIONABLE Swine. .@thehill
The plan is in a draft stage and as you clowns report "law makers are still filling in the blanks". So how do you come to this conclusion?
Good.  Federal government shouldn't be subsidizing those (like me in NJ) who live in high tax areas.
.@SenSchumer We The People want 2 know what U get https://conservativedailypost.com/breaking-fbi-discovers-russian-collusion-not-trump-hillary-spotlight/ …
@SenFranken @SenFeinstein @tedlieu @ChuckGrassley @SenSanders @GOP
Yeah, but you know those Koch brothers need this! And Trump! That’s what it’s all about. Not the middle class. Basic math people.
