Here is a good idea,why don't government get out of health care business
Because it doesn't work in the free market. It needs govt involvement-- we see this in literally every country.
No government makes it more expensive anytime government is involved prices go up.remember them 600 dollar hammers they were buying.
In a single payer system the government names its price. It can literally force prices lower. It's a monopoly of consumer.
Anytime government is involved everything is high.it would be cheaper to go buy it yourself
Start here, my man: http://www.pnhp.org/facts/singlepayer_myths_singlepayer_facts.php … 

There is so much to learn!
I know a few doctors that I have talked to and they don't like ACA.bit that's what makes the world go around
I don't know of anyone saying ACA is perfect. It needs to be fixed. But a full repeal is going backwards and the GOP alternative is...
@SenSchumer  What are YOU doing about it besides obstructing?!!!!
Obstructing? You mean opposing a bill he doesn't support? Isn't that what members of Congress should do?
No I mean he should work together to make it work
I think his contention is there isn't enough in the bill worth keeping. He'd probably support finding flaws in O-care and fixing them.
Dead? Like tens of thousands would be if Trumpcare leaves 20million+ more uninsured?
You know health insurance and health care are two different things, right? ACA doesn't even cover 15 million.
You do realize Trumpcare would leave many covered under private insurance now without it right?
I'm sure that is a left-wing outfit. @SenShumer said Obamacare was wonderful. Tell that to my wallet that you have been profiting off of.
To be clear: do you support the idea of those that can't afford insurance should suffer and die?
Democrats don't care about America citizens
I was uninsured until ACA. Rural, upstate, could only get catastrophic care at $2800/month. Thank you for taking this on for us New Yorkers.
What you pay under ACA
Schumer if that's true could only mean one thing NY run by Democrats must have no jobs bc if they did they would have moreInsurance Benefits
At least the GOP bill is not communism bill like Obamacare is! Where's our freedom of choice you bimbo?
Why don't you ever mention how thousands have already lost their only insurance provider they had
TRUE OR FALSE-THE REPUBLICANS ARE THE PARTY OF THE KKK- SEE ANSWER: Carol Swain interview with Dinesh https://youtu.be/E4_wqwbLeh4    via @YouTube
Oh well maybe some of the 30 million forced to buy health insurance (they can't use high deductable ) some relief
because it would NOT let NON citizens get free healthcare. GOOD!
You should be very proud that you have obstructed progress of the repeal and replace process.  You don't represent the American people.
Yes, far and away one of the least affected states.
Instead of spending most of their time addressing GOP healthcare issues, why don't democrats focus as nuch time on proposing FIXES to ACA
Why was if not done right in the first place ? You voted for the affordable care act and that's failing ? Why ? Please explain
Chuckie,, you would lose if a true analysis of all the facts was published. Your cherry picking. Do me a favor. Quit your unpatriotic stuff
Mr Schumer are you on Obama Care? How much do you pay? Zero!!!!!!!
Why is Cryin Chuck suddenly beggin repubs to help him save it?  LET IT FAIL!!!
Get rid of the ILLEGALS, welfare cheats, fraud & the costs would go down 196.9%. U r such a deciever & anti MAGA ! U should support OUR Pres
bs as usual, go look at Mississippi  your dna is dirty
How do you know when Chuck Schumer is lying? Answer, his lips are moving
Partisan review. Just wait to see how high is high when the ACA premiums hit your constituents. Start doing the business of the people.
@HouseGOP  The GOP have no interest in doing whats right for this country. That ship has sailed.
Why is it so hard for you to be intellectually honest enough to admit Ocare is a disaster.Which begs the question what did you do to save it

Why aren't healthcare experts, reps from insurance and healthcare, planning our healthcare instead of ignorant self serving politicians?
@realDonaldTrump @SecPriceMD Why aren't healthcare experts, planning our healthcare instead of uninformed self serving politicians?
Might Be a good time to deport illegals instead of straddling taxpayers with their healthcare, housing & food stamps.  Sanctuaries R worse
Senator you don't care. What healthcare insurance do you have. Obama Care doesn't work.  All you care is to keep Obama's legacy

You mean without a gun to their head to force them to buy outrageously expense insurance?
It's called freedom of choice from your Stalinist Obamacare plan that nobody wants
Using what data?
most healthy young people do not want health insurance forced on them.  Obamacare failing bad plan
NY all freeloaders?  This is BS.
That was the same chance Hillary had being elected President.
Hahahahaha.
That is a lot better than a 200% increase for Obamacare. Wish you would comment on things you know something about.What that is I don't know
good, NY is only 1 state. Repeal obamacare NOW ! it is 100% Illegal.






Europes BROKE over socialized medicine. Road Tax, TV TAX, CAR TAX GAS $24.00 A GALLON FOR GAS. YOU LIBTARDS,VOTED FOR THIS CRAP.
Schumer won't TELL YOU HOW MUCH POLITICIANS MAKE ON PENALTIES
What you dont tell People because you DIDN'T READ THE BILL IS THAT THE ONES NOT INSURED ARE THE ONES NOT FORCED TO BUY INSURANCE. FRAUD.
Welfare state run by a arrogant clown
What's being done to get the ACA more workable for Americans?   Is there something the public can do to help get things rolling?
Next year I'm dropping NY health care.  Waste of my money.
Has to be better than your ObamaFAIL!
That's because we are struggling from decades of asinine Democrat policies. We can't afford the ins you want to force us to buy.
Is that because 99% of that 96.9% do not want it?  Repeal the horrible ACA!!
THAT IS GREAT!  JUST GREAT!  CONGRATULATIONS!  Could not think of a better state except California more deserving of this
#fakenews
Reminder:  Medicaid is only for the poor and not the middle class.
Liar
227% increase in McConnell's state but he doesn't care
I'm wondering Cryin' Chuck. If you Dems really cared about ObamaCare why don't you work with the Reps to try and fix it?
You can only reply to this in the language of Democrats. That's just pure Bull Sxxx!
New York has a psycho mayor. That guy needs therapy
We the people from all over the country, thank you for standing up for all of us..We love you !!
How could it increase that much?  I thought everyone was insured under Obamacare???
That's a bunch of BS nothing is worse than the obama care u forced on America we wouldn't be in his mess if u hadn't shoved obama care on us
That's complete Bull Shit Chuck. NY has the biggest welfare and handout programs in country. No one will lose ins that wants it!!!
I want to ask how many people will stop getting insurance once the tax penalty stops? I know two people that can't wait.
That's most of the millions the left counts as uninsured or losing their ins. That's how they scare with skewed #'s.
Why are we planning to pay Russia for it's property when we kicked them out for spying? Why didn't we put them in jail?
Of course you would quote a biased liberal group
Shit Chuckles - that's just got to be true. Did you pass 4th grade math?
Exactly cuz they don't have to buy your bulshit insurance then get what kind of insurance they want ! #Jackass
Because they would choose not to have healthcare coverage, most not all.
We have uninsured in NYS???!!!  How can this be Chucky with the sooooo great Ocare for everyone???   rTF?
Thank you for your leadership.
Chuckie,  please don't tell us that without free healthcare all those NYC illegals might go home. What a tragedy.
Uninsured being illegals migrants unemployed single head household w/3+ kids addicts, short All irresponsible non contributors of society
A democratic Paradise, no work, government control  over the unwashed masses
So? Then we get dead beats / free loaders/ fraud abusers gone/ more care 4/ people who really need it! Because of liberal give aways the
People who really need can't get it because of liberals corruption/ bet people don't realize you are worth more money than republicans/
Because of your corrupt, incompetent ideas/people need 2 realize Uare making money off them/ destroying the American dream for middle class
stop chuckie with your scare tactics/ rhetoric, propaganda/ cause the reason poor health care is Dems passing Obamacare w/o reading it
At what point do you work together to fix this mess? Us vs Them! Wrong! You ALL work for US FIX IT
Just remember you all in Washington think preamble words "general welfare" means best of everything for us not AMERICANS
Wow it will match NY State unemployment rate
.I think that you are lying
Lets take a good look at that map. Made by the UI who's pres. is a progress. Put one up there that's non political. That one I could believe
Only worried about you & your ppl, not the country as a whole, & NY needs to carry part of burden too. Not just slid by in contributing
U have already messed up NYS healthcare. It's one of the worst and making all NY'rs bankrupt
As it stands this bill is Anti-healthcare.
I can't believe anything this obstructionist says.
Because they choose not to buy moron Schumer
We did a quick poll in Indiana and it shows that over 96% of our state doesn't give a shit about New York liberals or their senators.
That's better then the 145% increase under Obama care
neither is good, because they.re the same GOVERNMENT RUN TAX BILL! They both are so bad all you damned politicians won't participate in them
Don't let this happen
LIE AGAIN CHUCKY.

My God Chuckie when you going to quit crying and scaring people with lies . That's a shame .
I live in NY Finger Lakes and he is not lying. Why are you trying to pass off he is? #SaveMedicaid #SaveoutCare #HealthCareBill #Trumpcare
GO2 @OurFuture 2 read from @realDonaldTrump s MOUTH ON CAMPAIGN TRAIL 2what he's doing now! Oh how his"SAVING Medicare&USA1st" r no longer!
Another false narrative against GOP, want states to share costs. Programs have to have limits or eventually there won't be these programs.
Thats after 2022. Lots of assumptions there. You folks felt Hillary was a slam dunk too.
And you thought Trump would do anything except lining his pockets and playing golf.
Chuck do ur research in '15 NY insur premiums jumped by 7.8% while the us average  by 2.2%  so to put it plainly NY has always been higher
Schumer doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground! He would lie & say anything 2 get airtime! Most uninsured choose 2B! give a solution
How many of those people would simply opt out of coverage if it weren't mandated?
Most r underemployed.  Nyc is being run into the ground.  Rudy will have to comeback and fix it.
Is that the same people that said HilLIARy would dominate the presidential election??????
Yes Schumer Still Crying! Work With POTUS!
Solution: #CongressCare for all. What you all get, we get. Left, right and center happy. Who could argue against this? Thank you, sir!
Well blame the GOP for hurting Americans
I'll blame Dems thank you.
Trump deserves to be chased out of New York. Brings nothing but misery and shame to the ppl of New York. Always doubted his being NY'er
He eats NY-style pizza with a fork. No NYC-er would be caught dead doing so.
You said it. I left that out. Thanks for the picture. Ever since I doubted whether he is even an American bc he claims to have lived in NY
THEY ARE THAT HIGH NOW & IN SOME STATES 200% SO AGAIN YOU LIE, REPEAL REPEAL @GOP REPEAL @SenJohnMcCain REPEAL REPEAL
Yikes!
Time for @TheDemocrats states to collaborate on our own #bluestate #healthcare policy. Time to do it on our own @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Did you ever considered many people don't want to buy healthcare?
Just pick and choose these lies, sir. You are not someone with ethics to take a stand. We need you out of the seat, You are killing NYS
In other words, more people can choose not to be on it. Great #fakenews.
Thank you for standing up for us all, Senator Schumer!  We need more representatives like you!
He does not stand up for all of us.
Dude, that's because you're forcing people to be on it now. New bill won't penalize.
And with Trump, you'll get squat. Hope that goes well for you and your family
