And if @POTUS won’t disband the Election Integrity Commission, @SenateDems will try to do it on a must-pass bill in September.
Only those not willing to disclose the truth have something to hide. Barack Obama 2008. What are you democrats hiding?
Where we go is to Put Schumer's Crook Friend Menendez in Jail! Will Schumer be a Character Witness at his Sept Trial!
That's right. Build the wall!!
With your money - don't use my tax money for something that anyone can use a shovel or ladder to get over, waste of money
You will lose many votes when illegal voters are removed
STOP YOUR LYING. PRES TRUMP DISAVOWED KKK WAY BK IN 2000 and now!
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.
#Charlottesville 
douche bag Schumer
Christ follower 
How dare making people identify themselves when voting! What's next? Making people identify themselves when getting on an airplane?
Sounds reasonable until you realize it disadvantages the poor, certain voter ID laws.
Nonsense
Unless #papervoting is reinstated you will NEVER know if your vote even counted or was flipped so what's the point??? First things first
We don't have time for linear action. Have to fix both.
What's your solution?
Comprehensive Election Reform: Universal voting rights/registration. Paper ballots. Automatic auditing. Gerrymandering reform. (etc)
Media ownership reform. Campaign finance reform (Citizens United repeal). Abolish the Electoral College. Proportional Representation.
We're all AMERICANS. We all have the same interests. Get your head out of Fox News' ass telling you that "coastal elites" are different.
Trump has not lived up to his oath of office or of being a human!
Can you please post the oath of being human?
There are many who have tried to define being human. I think that they all would say reason is involved.  Thinking  !
Senator,seriously,give me ONE good reason not to have voter ID laws when an ID is needed to do practically everything else...???
It's the nature of the requirements- in some areas they FAR exceed that you'd be asked for to be issued a passport, etc.
If this is true that the poor are affected then how do they live? Public assistance you get if you have ID.
Yes, and the ID is considered more than sufficient for that and for voting in the past but somehow not enough to let them vote now.
...when did it get outlawed as proof enough to vote ?...we're still talking about state issued formal ID's right ?...
Yup. Still not good enough in some areas if you're, say, a woman who recently married and has a legal name change in process.
The issue has to be righted, it's not good as it is, so either we demand fair change or keep dealing with fraudulent elections...:(
If that's what you want then don't support the current laws but get rid of them and get better ones in place.  Can't deny right to vote.
STOP LYING: PRES TRUMP DISVOWED KKK WAY BK IN 2000
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. 
What's up Chuck? Cant win an election with legally registered voters?
Familiar with gerrymandering?  Suppression?
You need an I.D to,
-Buy Alcohol
-Travel abroad
-Enter clubs
-Drive
-Open a bank acct

But voting is the red line for @TheDemocrats? 
None of the things you listed are rights, protected by the Constitution.
John u missed the point!
No.....You did
There is no assault. If you're a US citizen you may vote. If you're not, you can't. That's very simple. What's the problem?

I read this article.Thx for sharing.My mom just passed away.She was 91. Hadn't driven in yrs.She had a govt issued ID.Don't need a DL.Most..
This is what ANTIFA did to a US VETERAN in Boston... COWARDS ON THE LEFT... I did not hear you CONDEMN THIS SENATOR....
Nice attempt to try and conflate Charlottesville with voting rights. I show ID when I use CC. Voting is even more important!
Careful what u demand. It might cost u ur paycheck and so called prestige
#putinbot

Sure, lets save #VotingRights and win you a gavel, but the neofascist threat to Americans of color is NOT over! Protect them! #Resist!
Watch him flip flop on the wall he voted for back when Trump wasn't President!! Oh yeah, I forgot that he cried on TV about it. Crying Chuck
No wonder the Democrat Party keeps losing: No message or direction other than hate, divisiveness and name calling. #RaceHustlers #tcot
STOP LYING PRES TRUMP DISVOWED KKK BK IN 2000 and now!
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. 
Yes, an attack upon upon voting rights is an attack upon our democracy. We cannot stand by idly & do nothing. Now is the time for change.
There is no assault on voting rights.  Keep peddling that garbage.  The Dems will lose again in 2018.
Schumer lies about #Trump once more. But he is Right, we need to End the Assault on Voting Rights. We need  PROOF of American ID to VOTE.
Chuck - your article did not denounce the hateful actions of antifa so I can only conclude that you support them and their actions
Let's see who funded the #UniteTheRight....the democrats!!!
We need someone to look into integrity of elections. What we need to stop is rioters who pretend to be protestors.
Thank you. In the wake of WH's never-ending stream of controversy, its hard not to get lost in anger and to make clear policy connections.
It is time to have American citizens show a photo ID in order to vote, just like cashing a  check. DUH DUMP CRYING CHUCK.
wow you are scared of losing your illegal voter base!
How about putting out a message that does not contribute to divisiveness that hurts this entire country?
Funny u mention voting. Dems voted 100% NOT to give blacks voting rights. Remember? Time to remove the dem name and their racist history
https://www.defense.gov/News/Special-Reports/0616_transgender-policy/ …   Get his crazy ass out of our white house! Please!  @ACLU Sue!!
Your crazy
The disgraced Scotus in ending voter rights legislation showed its true colors.
Citizens United. Bush V Gore.
You r talking abt 2 different things Chuck, but that's u, always democrat weaving something in2 anything.
What does Charlottesville have do with voting rights? You are running scared.
Tell Gov. Cuomo. You have his cell #. He'll take your call. Vote suppression in 16 NYS Dem Pri as bad as NC or TX. #complicity #badfaith
The #CHARLOTTESVILLE was a BIG SET-UP by the DNC
Archaic EC= #votersuppression Abolish the Archaic EC & Let #WeThePeople 's Votes Count > 1 person 1 vote
Oh. I see. NOW you don't like it. You figured out that metro SF and LA could control the nations leadership. Founders right. You are wrong.
So you are ok with voter fraud, it's ok for illegals and dead people to be on voter roles? Sounds like the D's have lots to worry about Putz
Only the Dems would be against voting integrity! Then they can't have all their illegals and dead keep voting!
ID needed  for food stamps!
Democrats were the party of Jim Crow. They now seek to allow voting by non-citizens and cover up any that is taking place.
Thank you, Chuck. This commission threatens to undermine a system already under attack. Stop it!
Assault on voting right? Wtf are you talking about.
Thank you - this is THE most important issue.
There you go. The statues shld come down, but this is infinitely more important. They r trying 2 disenfranchise POC and steal our democracy
There is no assault on voters rights.  It is a bogus issue dreamed up by you
It's time to move ahead to heal all this nonsense. Stop trying to stir things up. You should be working on the agenda with Prez, not crying
@SenSchumer , Do you Support Antifa violence? Protesting with violence should be called out by the Democratic leadership.
Voting rights are simple, you Must be a legal American Citizen to vote.  If you don't agree with that, you must be a Libtard!

An assault is on voter rights in this country. States turning a blind eye to voter fraud. Means for every illegal vote nullifies legal vote
Easily done, issue EVERY CITIZEN a voter card. Then nobody's left out. Must show to vote. Simple
Practice what you preach. Get states to do away w/voter suppressive Dem state caucuses.
Are you listening @SenSchumer?
Chuckles supports the voting rights of ALL. Even the dead.
Seriously, stick to sports. You don't know anymore about politics or social justice than the next person
Time for Congress to pull up your bootstraps and stop the insanity in the White House!

JW has warned California to clean up its messy voter registration lists - or else face a federal lawsuit: http://jwatch.us/yy1raN  
Still crickets on Antifa.Pretty sadu obviously condone them.Dems like H8 when it benefits them.Us people are tired of ALL the H8. #Hypocrite
Finally
Let's talk voter rights the democrats tried their best to block the equal right's act in the 60s! We know who the Nazi's are!
The partisan post office can no longer be trusted 2 deliver ballots since they helped Dems, 1 can quickly walk it in& make sure its counted.
Let's let all the illegals and dead vote!!!!
Evidence?
maybe we should first determine if obamas deep state home office had anything to do with inciting any violence in Charlottesville..
Chuck you want to end this then call off the paid goons that Soros pays for you Marxists. You just don't care about the kids in this country
Obama 5 days before election "Illegal citizens are citizens and should vote in the election". Voteing rolls not open to imigration review!
He denounced them way before he even thought of running for president.
Actually what it should be called is assault on democratic voter fraud , these judges are liberal frauds themselves
Hmm, didn't most of what you said existed under Obama. The Opposition Party antagonized the public with its attack of lies. WHOMS TO BLAME?
Yes it is!
No, it's time the democrats stop tainting the voting system with illegal votes, you will be found & prosecuted. No more voter fraud, got it?
Truth is there is little voter fraud, conservatives lie about it to get you to hate dems and the gvrnmnt. Ink fingers, problem solved
That's bs, seen it first hand, that's what youd like everyone to believe. Been happening for ever, time to clean it up now.
Really, here there were a handful that were caught, most voting for dead parents. The problem is not widespread it's a myth of conservatives
Still drinking the koolaid?
Well think about it for one minute do you really think millions of ppl run to the polls, stand in line more than once. Who's drinking what?
Don't have to go, to vote, and ballot stuffing is obvious, having a driver license is not proof of citizenship, neither is a credit card,duh
Your right, I vote by mail rather too, but I would be happy to go in person if it would prove to you that you are defending propaganda
There is no assault on voting rights, only your assault on our intelligence.
You need to condemn #Antifa and #BlackLivesMatter  Both are terrorist organizations
Why not protect our rights as voters? Oh Yes you need the corruption
Evidence?
the recent conviction was not enough for you?
The handful of elderly Republican men?
So silly
Wrong
Time to remove the democrat name from gov. It represents pro slavery, the KKK, not wanting to give blacks voting rights.
Its the democrats that continue to push this race war.
Now Chuck, you know you don't want to loose your most dedicated voters?
The assault is that my  legal vote is erased by illegal votes. FIX THAT SIR!
Time to denounce Soros funded left wing ANTIFA & BLM as domestic terrorists! They caused violence w/approval of DEM Gov. All staged.
you need id to get into any bldg in nyc,thats racist.id to vote is not.our sacred right.get an id.ou need it for everything

Did you even read the article before replying to my RT with this silly/meaningless meme?
Message to Chuck on voter id silly
Evidence?
Charlottesville driver yells "Jews will not replace us" Trump's Red Hats  marching with Nazis
This journalist was on the ground at Charlottesville – and everyone needs to hear her story 
What assault on voting rights? Please explain, Schmuckie Chuckie!
There are none!
In every denouncement including yours I don't see alt-right? Why? I think this is a very aggressive and powerful hate group.
Well done.
Amen.
If you are a citizen you vote if not a citizen you do not vote. With our technology all citizen's should be able to obtain proof to vote.
Mandatory ID.... it's pretty simple really, even for a democrat !
Is that what Charlottesville was about voting rights?
We also need paper trails for EVERY voting machine. Or even better, paper ballots. I'm not happy CA is going paperless!
Do you really believe all of this drivel you wrote or are you simply pandering to your base?
Ecclesiastes 8:10
Kids at the local high school need an ID to get into the classroom. Voter ID should be law of the land. Works great in WI.
What doesn't work great in WI is you isolating communities and throwing out their votes so GOP can dominate, that's what should worry you
VOTER FRAUD: STATE WORKERS used stolen driver lic to illgeals to get VOTER ID CARDS.
It's time to end the gross illegal voting in this country... Dumbocrats are not concerned with the other side of the issue...
Hey, Chuck.  You haven't condemned the Antifa or BLM for attacking conservatives and now you're against voter ID? Are you an American?
With you all the way Mike.I have  fix for corruption in D.C.TERM LIMITS!!!I'm starting a movement to put that on ballots in all 50 in 2018!!
I just found out my girlfriend voted for Trump, so I had to punch a Nazi.
You need to stop your retoric you have insisted violence George is behind that violence and you are linked to it
Resistance members are organizing to help people register to vote. YOU need to get Dems to make this biggest D midterm in history.
I heard you went to Comet Ping Pong to celebrate. Is this true?
you want to weaken voting requirements to allow illegals to vote
That riot had nothing to do with voting.  Chuck is pushing racism to push his entire agenda. Chuck can't pass his BS with the truth
@Noahpinion @Medium  Been screaming this since Nov 10th. Dems organize to stop it. We can't let NC happen again. #StolenElection
When was last time you denounced BLM? Their patron saint is escaped cop- killer Joanne Chesimard (Assata Shakur), who you know all about.
What assault on voting rights? Citizen you can vote
By "voting rights," you mean the "rights" of illegal immigrants and the deceased to vote, right? Or perhaps, "Vote early - vote often"?
And when are you going to take a stand on Gun Rights? Gun Control is racism, dates back to Jim Crow and fear of Slave Rebellions
@SenSchumer how many days like this is congress willing to allow before taking action?  #saveourcountry
Yes. I agree. Your snow needs to be crunched. Right after your shock treatments. Stupid is bad. Delusional raving may be treatable for you.
Voting rights, voter suppression, gerrymandering, citizens united, election system integrity/security. Get it done so 2018 is FAIR.
All American citizens have right to vote,not all the illegals that you let in.#traitor
Thats such a bs lie
No more dead, illegals, fraudulent voting for Democrats.   Stop trying to destroy our election integrity Schumer.
It's time to get to the bottom of democrats cheating on voting and make all voters show ID
There is no assault on voting rights. Just need to prevent voters fraud, b/c Dems are crooks
Hey schummer president did talk unity, open your ears listen.
I do not for the life of me understand why R govern as if they aren't capable of winning. They have zero faith in their party as a whole.
Nice start if Democrats remove all illegal aliens and dead people from their voter lists.  Get rid of your fascists.  Antifa for example.
Deflect from rising poverty over the last 8 years & higher levels of corruption
PROOF that the White ppl in the DNC have always been apart of the KKK. Trump disavowed since the 90's and now!
https://youtu.be/Y6GqNwD0rqM 
This is because your political party does not want to stop illegal voting. You can't steal elections if you can't rig the vote.
LOOK HOW THE MEDIA BOTCH PRES TRUMP WORDS. He has disavowed white supremacist from the 90's to now!
https://youtu.be/hoXThCb8EZA 
4.  No one cries racist when showing ID for alcohol, cigarettes, board planes, etc
Retire for the love of god.
Protecting the fake votes are you? About what we expect from dumbocraps...
You corporate democrats are all Verbal PR and nothing else. I doubt you give a crap about everyday Americans.
wHAT Does voting rights have to do with it. It has to do with RESIST, RESIST, RESIST. Isn't that what YOU wanted?
you are a lier and hater....
Oh so charlottesville is because of the voting commission. What an ads. REALLY????
#ImpeachTrump. He's a loser.
Chuck, it's always about votes with you. You don't give a shit about anyone but yourself. Wake up everyone and see this !

No more dead people voting.
To Venezuela. Another country that shares your values and fiscal ideology. Not working to great for them now is it #maga
Dimms should not be allowed to DISMISS the violence by Antifa members as well at Charlottsville. Regardless of what Trmp said
Everyday you cry is a great day. LOSER
slow day at the asylum?!... what will you say when California is audited and the people see just how many illegal votes?
Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless lifer.
How the hell do you bridge Charlottesville to voting rights...and I assume you're educated well enough to understand the def. of 'illegal'?
Voting rights is the new Jim Crow.  Attention must be paid.
Only the Dems and Putin don't want us to have voter id
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck 
Do u have an ID so u can vote?  Everyone should so illegals cannot vote.

U arseholes need to drop this & get on with the next attack on OUR Pres !  U R so anti-MAGA & only want to ensure ur survival, not Americas!
Democratic needs to go home and go to bed. And pull the cover over your heads.   As quick as possible.
No they don't. Look what the republicans are doing to this country! 
 Can't get anything done, they're to busy cleaning up Trumps messes 
make voting fair and equal but also make it responsible. It's not a hardship to prove who you are, there has to be a way.
Yes, there is a way to prove who you are, it's called voter I.D. & it was started by Democrats in Maryland if memory serves.
Good Thursday, Sen.Chuck Schumer of New York, Sen.Minority Leader
We impeach and remove 45 from office. It's the only solution for this divisiveness the he spews daily.
LOVE THIS SOOO MUCH!!! THANK YOU, Chuck Schumer!!! THANK YOU!!!!
Maybe you should brush up on the laws of this country. Only citizens are allowed to vote in federal elections. Are you afraid?
How are we a democracy when ALL ELECTED officials are unwilling to come together for their electorate? This is something, but it's not democ
People should show ID to vote.  Need it for lesser things like buying alcohol and cigarettes.
I'd check. Simple. And what @SenSchumer lacks commonsense #MAGA
I can hardly wait to see Chuck's face when Trump is reelected in landslide.
It's time to stop the assault on American freedom. Nazi, socialist, Antifa, white supremacist, are all less than 1% of America.
I agree totally Senator.  Voting rights should the number one issue when you return from recess.
Really? Not the poor excuse for health care reform that raised premiums & deductibles for the majority?
Anyone should be able to vote no matter who you are or where you're from! There's no need to verify because people should learn to trust
Hahahahahahahahaha.
Chuck wants to allow anyone to vote so he can get re-elected. Chuck needs to be impeached. Chuck needs a losers service dog. #stoptrumpenvy
Tell me, as a Senator, have you ever read the Constitution and the laws you have sworn 2 uphold when u took office? #DrainTheSwamp
#ChuckSchumerPromotesVoterFraud

Let's also see a binding "none-of-the-above" option, which offers us new candidates in 60 days, if it wins.
I thought you had to be a living US citizen to vote. How is proving it an assault on somebody's rights?
What assault on voting rights?? No ILLEGALS can vote. Everyone else can! What assault??
It's time to go back to the polls, no more mail in voting and a picture ID is a must. Voter fraud is REAL and must be stopped.
What happened to RUSSIA?!?!?!  Cryin Chuckie
You should have to show ID but then Democrats Lose even bigger than they do now. No more illegal voting no more Democrats
Are you afraid of losing illegal votes@SenSchumer?
Those on the GOP side who expressed outrage over Charlottesville still defend gerrymandering & voter suppression.  #votersuppression
It'd really suck for you losers if illegals were no longer able to vote.  Americans have seemed to found disdain for communism.
Only way you can win Chuckie
Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia!!!!!! WHAT HAPPEN
Thank you for finally taking a strong stand on this issue. It's what the DNC should have lead with - not economic issues
SO YOUR SAYING ITS OK FOR ILLEGAL ALIENS TO VOTE IN OUR ELECTIONS & WRONG FOR AMERICANS TO OBJECT TO THAT ? WRONG  WE NEED VOTER ID
