It's almost like the republicans have no idea what they're doing and are using ideology to shape their reform instead of evidence.
Kinda like the ACA?
Like what? Give an example where a provision in the ACA negatively effected citizens in order to be ideologically pure.
How about increased premiums, higher deductibles and collapsing market? Is that enough? Remember if you like your doc you can keep you doc?
Those first two have been happening forever. The collapsing market is largely a myth, but more could be done to keep insurers in the market.
You mean more gov subsidies? Who pays for for that? Middle class tax payers that who.............
The subsidies have been paid for by new taxes mostly on the rich. Those making more than $200k have to pay extra taxes.
Did you pay last year to the federal government? Do you want to pay for someone else's stuff?
You think Trumpettes can do that level of math? Most of them think he won the popular vote. #idiocracy
I can hardly believe that our country is functional. When did reality become a partisan issue?
Reality isn't a partisan issue, the intellectually challenged just gravitate to demagogues.
I disagree. When he lies and tells people believe me and that the truth is "fake news", then reality is a partisan issue.
LISTEN: democrats need to flog republicans out of congress in 2018. you HAVE to run on them using Obamacare repeal to kill Social Security
WTF are you dragging inSS?  Must be a DEM thinking it's yours to use!!
K. Just pisses me off ANYTIME politicians mess with SS.
Liar
I'm sorry but I really feel it has to be better than what is already in place. I'm sure some of your own constituents would say the same.
We really do expect all of our elected officials to do your level best to work together and get a plan that works the best for them most.
Chuck Schumer I would love to take u hunting
no. millions aren't 'losing' coverage. an ins card with deductible you can't afford is 'coverage' only in statistics class,not a Dr office
@gregnav is correct. i have "coverage" yet  my doctor does not accept it and deductible is 6k. Sons broken arm cost 4k out of pocket last yr
Nobody died due to lack of healthcare before b0care and nobody will after it's eradicated so stop trying to scare people already

We need more freedom to choose health insurance that fits our individual needs and doesn't break our banks! It is unaffordable and broken.
you and your obstructionists-all dems are liars and we americans see this.  stop your lies!!
What GOP plan? Misleading. If that, then this. U r not telling how this came about. U asked 4 them, guessing the plan.
Thanks @BarackObama   You passed this mandate KNOWING it would be repealed. This death spiral is because of you and your parties ego.
Schummy- WAIT A MINUTE! OCARE COVERS ONLY 10 Million of the 22 MILION U PROMISED! COULD IT B THAT AFFORDABILITY PREVENTS USAGE & ENROLLMENT?
What's your plan?
You do realize anything you support because you've spewed hate, disgust & chaos in office everyone else in this country is against, right?!



millions of Americans DONT WANT Insurance! It is cheaper for them to pay as they go. Also 20% goes down in a few years not up like Obamacare
You need to take a remedial math class.  Claiming more people would lose health care than is on the plans!
Resign
Can I keep my doctor ?
How many Americans lost the insurance they were told they could keep because of O care and 20 percent increase would be a bargain
Hey Chuck why are you exempt from Obamacare?
Interesting number when only 10 mil are enrolled in the failed Ocare. Keeping it will only raise our taxes that much.
Rerun
How many of those "millions" losing their insurance would b by their OWN choice & is the premium increase in addition 2 Obamacare's
I thought it was 20 million, so which is it?
20% ten years. That's 2% a year. I'm sold
Do those 16 mill. Include the ones who are forced to buy it?
What ever happened to "much better healthcare at a fraction of the price. And it's gonna be so easy".
Heck, premiums are going UP more than 20% under Obamacare so ONLY 20% would be an IMPROVEMENT
Under Obama care everyone will have no insurance. Need to completely repeal and start from scratch. Get rid of the entitlements you started.
Have I missed it Chucky? Have I missed your version of a bill that fixes the dem catastrophe ACA that you did vote for.
Hey clown 29% is a hell of a lot better than 115% as many have to pay now under ocare! @potus @TEN_GOP @SenateDems
How does this compare to the current premium rise today? I hear 50% - 130% increases with rising copays and deductibles giving higher costs
#Liar Liar #schumerfail
How many people cannot use their insurance under obamacare because of high deductibles and no doctors?

Premiums will soar under McConnell's SKINNY REPEAL! CALL DAILY TO SAY NO! 202-224-3121

https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/26/436740/senates-skinny-aca-repeal-shell-game/ …
They don't know this is true. Figures change every day.  They just try to get people to support them for power so then can ignore citizens
You do understand this is a form of genocide?
Scare tactics from the "do nothing" demised obstructionist Democrats !
They also say...
Why is lyin' cryin' Chuck the Schmuck cryin' about 20% when Blowbamacare premiums have gone up 150-200% in some places?
WE ARE LOSING, BEEN LOSING! You keep playing politics because you don't lose a thing! You have real insurance,  not Obamacare!  Why Chuck!
What the he'll are you talking about Chuck! We already have $5000 deductibles, doctors not taking Obamacare,  $1100 monthly premiums!
20% would be a respite compared you the ACA. Sign me up!
Democracies should not allow government to force us to buy a 3rd party product. Mandate = higher cost. PERIOD. + not our plan not our doctor
Well that's a lot better than the 40-50% more they are paying under Obamacare the bill you shoved down Americas throats. Hypocrite
Chuck, is it just rumor? More than 10mil of those folks are young people opting to pay the fine & not buy insurance! That's a joke.
Only 20%????  That's a lot lower than O-Care!!!!!!  Sign me up, @SenSchumer !!!!!!!
Wow good news! Went down in 1 week from 32 million to 16 million. Keep working on in guys. Pass and read later from Nancy= failed Obamacare!
And has the CBO ever been right with their estimations Obamacare is dead quit crying it's over move on contribute toward health care plan
Everyone knows u know Obama care is a failure and this is the only message u have again American people are not stupid 
U sure it's not 17 million again u are sending the wrong message
NO ONE KNOW THE NEW GOP HEALTH PLAN-YOU SAID IT CHUCK.????
5 lies-----that the Democrats told about their health care bill

VIDEOS http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
It is not a Health Care plan just a Tax cut plan that needs fixing... Trash cans out back!  Reach across isle & get real.
20% sounds like a bargain compared to 100 plus % like some Obama care plans! What do you pay Schumer? Are you on Obama care?

You know Obama'care' is a losing   Game of politics. Knock off the BS, and start working for Americans! This isn't about 'you'
Lose or just not get it because they aren't' forced to illegally. This is why we can;t trust you. You spin crap to us
Too bad you're lying again Senator.
Have you ever attended a class of fiscal responsibility? Who pays for all of this, John and Jane Doe, middle class.The ones you stiff always
ACA funding sources (2013-2022):

 - Medicare savings $741bn
 - Tax penalty: $55bn (workers), $106bn (employers) (1/3) #USPoli #Healthcare
Ooops sorry senator how can that be? Only  9mil are enrolled


OMG! This can't happen. We will bring the GOP down if that happens!
Chucky, The CBO is the most partisan office in Washington, of course only second to yours! And oh yeah not a good track record!! Go away!
Waaaaaa, the CBO doesn't agree with me!  Waaaaaa!

16 million wouldn't lose, they would be able to choose not to participate in your BS and not get mandated. Get it right
We know what your up too. We want government OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE. FACT.
NO ACA Repeal. It Works.
Time to remove Trump from off. Tried of the lies sabotage slander racism segregation law unto self.
Dumpy Trumpy
Obamacare I lost my plan now pay triple for less ...Screw you Schumer
So funny how you Dems care so much about healthcare but the districts you come from are a ghetto nightmare.
Dumblasio says 32 million. Cuomo says 23 million and you say 16 million! COMMON CORE MATH in the great state of NY! LMFAO
How can 16 million lose their insurance when there are only 8 million are insured.
down to 16 million  we are getting there. Most likely considering liberal spin we are probably at a net zero change
So what are you doing? Let me guess! NOTHING
Prob more like they would CHOOSE NOT TO PURCHASE INSURANCE.Its a choice.
Why don't you stop the BS and work with Repub to give us free choice. Open up the market and prices will go down thru competition. Wake up
Listen here chunky, WE THE PEOPLE DO NOT WANT A single payer system so just get it out of your head!
@tahino1 @USCBO STOP ALL.  MCCONNELL CHAO RYAN DE VOS CARSON PRICE ALL OTHERS PICKED BY PUTIN WORKING FOR HIM STEALING MCMUNCH
How does that work.. when only 10,000 mil are on Obummer care?
15mil won't be covered because the Government won't be forcing them to buy worthless insurance. Dems get their way we will be Socialists
why doesn't the cbo release how it reached its answers? That is not right. Asking us to trust govt. after 8 yrs. of obama is reaching.
Lies again Chuck. Fuzzy math and half made up BS. Old cucky party before american people.
Definitely shy of good.
Chuck that's already happening now. many are losing their insurance. many insurance companies are pulling out of states. don't lie
Obamacare is puke.
you are actually relying on the CBO to predict that when their numbers for ACA were way off!
    #GOP MUST be FORCED to use the healthcare plan they vote for. They're no better than the rest of USA people! #ProtectOurCare #Resist
Thought you don't know what is in the plan.
I don't believe it.  Anyway, Thanks to Obamadon'tcare, for starting this mess.
You better have more than just a better deal senator. I think you want to sit down and have a long talk with Bernie Sanders.#BERNIE2020
They said the same about yours too and it is happening.
Millions will chose no healthcare when kill Indiv &employer mandates.Medicaid should b tailored to force ppl to take care of self& get a job
Like they said your plan would save us reliably there
Quit lying to the American people Chuck
@SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @MSNBC Keep trying to work up that base! Dems got nothing else going for them!
They never get it right speculation!  30 million already lost healthcare
Please tell me how many of your voters don't and don't want to work? You know generational hangers on. The same that paid to protest
Bs their paid off just like you! Soros and his globalist socailist garbage!
@SenateGOP Don't do it or you will pay and pay forever.
How many will die Chuckles? Give us the number. I'm waiting and hoping your right
Why should anyone believe the COB after they were so wrong on Obamacare?
What about the 20 million working poor who are not covered by ACA? Plus the Seniors who can not afford the supplemental insurance now
Chuck why arnt u and dems on obama care since its so friggin wonderful
At least half that mumber comes from those that will not have to pay if they do not want insurance over that 10 year period.
well - those are the young ones who do NOT want insurance - and if 20% and true still less than the 150% your obommer care
Just think if you would have read what was in the ACA we wouldn't be in this mess. You and your party are responsible for this garbage bill.
Who are these magical 16 million people...20 mil were supposed to be covered by the ACA by now...actually around 10 mil...full of shit Chuck
#SinglePayer

Phoney story!
@ChuckGrassley is this part of secret plan... taking insurance, increasing costs, etc
Minus the 9000000 that will drop it the second mandate is off!
@realDonaldTrump  and the whole @GOP are the f*cking worst of the worst 
Keep fighting!
The only thing Dems are fighting for are higher insurance costs
Credibility - here is a link since you dint know what it means
You're such a liar Chuck it only means that we won't be forced on your crap Obamacare no individual mandate you socialist demo liar
hogwash @SenSchumer
Please@Please, Do Something
#Obamacare is a sinking ship @POTUS44 @BarackObama @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @TheDemocrats!!!!! Stop being #Obstructionists #CryBabies
https://mobile.twitter.com/ddiamond/status/890356189585956875/photo/1 …
He actually is your president
Here is an idea...put ALL senators & representatives on ACA..no taxpayer funded health care for them...see how they like it...
What about the millions more who have to pay more than a 20% increase in premiums under dumbo ears Obamacare?
Plus penalties up to $3000 per year.
Is this the same office that predicted 20 million on ACA when it come out at like 10? Rates would would go down keep your doc all that chuck
Smile!
LIAR on the possible upcoming health bill-Tell the truth why there would be those who "chose" to be uninsured. Why aren't you on O-Crap Care
https://twitter.com/RealJamesWoods/status/890342184184143873 …  ask these counties about Obama Care
To the #NotSoMagnificentSeven who scuttled the #ObamaCare flush, this is whom you pissed off... #GoodLuckIn2018 
LISTEN SCHUMER WE THE PEOPLE OF NEWYORK  DON'T WANT GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTH CARE WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT COME ELECTION TIME OBSTRUCTIONIST LIAR
is that the same people who told us all the lies about obama care
Hey @JohnCornyn @tedcruz  -- this is why you're #traitors #WeAreSickOfYou #VoteThemOut #OutIn2018
Because the 20% more in premiums would completely negate the $2,500 in savings we got from Obamacare care huh?
They will not give up until they hurt people, bringing the number down is not enough, no one should be hurt by the bill they come up with.
Same story, different day.
Dems don't like free choice and realize new plan gives ppl the choice. Poor Dems, can't win and don't like free choice.
@StevenMWolfe3 You should be embarrassed to call yourself a senator.
Liar
Like Obama care did. Chucky your plan failed. So you think we should listen to you. I don't think so. Deductible is so high Obama care chuck
Thank you Senator Schumer for fighting for average citizens.
Ha! Ha! You bet!
All I hear is savings of 2500, I can keep my dr and I can keep my current plan..
This is because trumpy doesn't could care less about health care, all he wants is to win. Hey stupid it will pass no matter what you say
My premiums have doubled since the democrats plan so there's that
Shout it from the Senate floor!
16 million young people that don't want to pay for healthcare they are forced to buy now.
Another big lie. Dems are dumb.
how about you what do lose nothing because you have no skin in the game, you sit in the bleachers and whine like a crybaby
Oh Chuckie, put on your big boy pants and stop lying. You know that # included those that don't want coverage. #hypocrite
Can anyone tell me why GOP needs to do this. Is it the name-Obamacare? Is it to save face. Nothing GOP has comeup with benefits the people
Yes exactly
WHAT ARE WE.DOING WORKING BACKWARDS !WE KNOW THE STATISTICS !THERE IS ONLY ONE PATH ONE ROAD !WORK TOGETHER ON A BILL!
Did you know Chuck Schumer has never held s job outside of politics in HIS ENTIRE LIFE?
What about the people who are paying more under current bill? Fuck them?
No worries I'll pay for it with my "tremendous" raise at work & "huge" tax cut promised by @POTUS.  Oh wait... That didn't happen! #SaveACA
Plus 93 million people will die off a day
Thank you
Those that r mandated now have no choice or b fined. When mandate is lifted yes many will leave. Not bc of new bill. B honest.#MAGA
#Trumpcare removes mandate. If ppl leave b/c of mandate removal...how is that not due to #Trumpcare passing? #USPolitics #healthcare
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck
How do you even look at McConnell? Truly an evil man.
Your such a meaningless DOPE & so is my former @TheDemocrats Party of over 45 years. 
I WILL NEVER VOTE DEM AGAIN!!!
@realDonaldTrump WINS
It really does not matter when millions of people cannot afford their incredibly high deductible premiums, thanks to Dems and Obama!
16 million will seem small enough for them.  They are gonna pass it.  Sad.

This is a very weak thread !
It show that nobody see it !
To much is like not enough !
Tssssnake !
Protect the CBO don't let GOP target them using the Holman Rule!
This is a lie.   Research again.
Perfect!
Still not cheaper, better or covering everybody like Trump promised over and over. I give it an F
So #HoldTheFloor
Get the freakin' government out of the healthcare business and let us have a free, competitive market for insurance.
.@SenDeanHeller: "I cannot support a piece of legislation that takes away insurance from tens of millions of Americans."
Fight fight for the right to have affordable health insurance. What ever we get is what the Senators and Congress get
The cost of their health insurance is more that any of us can pay.
16 mil will lose obamacare and will have access to something much better then rising premiums, #obstructionist
They don't pay for insurance, didn't have it before, and need to grow up
Disabled Americans like myself support @SenateDems #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA. Across 'the Aisle?' Reach out to right-wing Moderates. Please. 
Moderate @SenateGOP have no tractions with #gop leadership. #McConnell and co want people like you dead. #goplogic #maga #killamerica
@GOP doesn't care about working and poor Americans. They care about pride of repealing and tax breaks for wealthy. #2018
How much fucking more can my premiums rise???? They have gone from $305 to $852 in 3 years!!!
Why would premiums increase so much?
B/c healthy people would choose not 2 buy ins (why would they?), driving per-client costs up in a sicker risk pool.  #USPoli #healthcare 1/2
Why do you parrot what u know is not true; how about the millions who will die
.@nancypelosi There's only 11.4 million on it now, lying with stats just doesn't work for  you
You seem to be only counting full medicaid recipients. There are also millions who have reduced rates.
