
We had one for 8 years. Now we have a true patriot in the White House.
What is a recist?
The only thing I agree with you on is the pro-gun.  He is that thank God!
Who do you think you are fooling, Senator Fake Tears? You jokers stand in front of cameras & say "better deal" w/ a straight face! No shame!
Once a always a 
great- are you gonna BLAME women for their low wages too? the way you blame HRC for a Democratic loss instead of gerrymandering and Russia?
HOW do u get this message out when you BLAME ALL OF US instead of calling out GOP for STEALING this election and turning their backs on US?
We cant just blame everyone else. Our campaign was flawed. We lacked a clear economic message. This is a clear economic message.
uh no. we won. SHE won. by A LOT. we can DO BOTH. We did and we do.
Well, we won the most votes - but we didn't win the presidency. That's because we failed to appeal to voters in the Midwest.
No it's because of voter suppression and Russia's intelligence agencies disinformation campaign against HRC. Not complicated.
If Hilary won and trump supporters said that Saudi Arabia had an influence on our election, you would say that's a load of bullshit
It would most likely be true though, both Trump and Hillary have questionable ties to the Saudis.
Bernie Sanders is not a Democrat, Senator. Please give voice to the leaders of *our* hard-fought-for party: women and people of color. @DNC
Yes lets exclude ALL men ..oh and the white women too 
read plan here - it sounds like there are more policy proposals to come, but I think it's a good start!
Stop with hashtags & start by supporting @POTUS
Your not going to do anything you had the chance for 8 yrs but u let the liberals take over the Dem party thats why real Dems voted 4 trump
You are making us a laughing stock. STOP! 
We had plenty of good messages & policies, read them!
Who do you think we are? We ARE the working class, the POC, the poor. We ARE knocking on doors, making call, marching, calling Congress.
But you pander to a bunch of people who haven't done a damn thing and have some unrealistic fantasy about Socialism. 
NOT HOW TO WIN.
Talk is cheap.  #SinglePayerNow
Trump is the best man for the job of President of the United States!
You need therapy.
Therapy?  Like HRC's therapy of deleting govt emails, bleach byte, smashing cell phones, etc. I bet that was therapeutic for her staff & her
Come on. The same pathetic BS.Hillary has nothing to do with trump being a traitor liar corrupt misogynistic racist thug.
No,but she secretly had pay-for play,killed50+ people,destroyed gvt docs. Had a secret server. And on and on and on .....
You r my kind of person! Sorry, but I don't know if Berggo2 is m or f. Some people's kids! We should provide other people free stuff? Dumb!
OK Chuck! Now THIS is what I'm talking about. Taking the message directly to the people. It a FANTASTIC START. But we have to continue!
Why is the average senator with 9 million dollars when they only make 12k a year? Bernie owns 3 luxury houses.. working man?
I get it. Ppl demand authenticity from leaders who profess particularly strong convictions. And nothing tastes quite as bitter as hypocrisy.
You all can't do nothing to make it better for 2 years? How about working together with the independents and GOP to pass legislation now!
How about just keeping the costs down?
where were you cry me a river chucky during 8 yrs of muslim rule? All you dems did was party at Whitehouse on taxpayers $!
#Real People Real Problems, Real Fixes" Real consequences of repeal-no prenatal-no condoms, more Aids, unwanted babies -emergency visits
You gave us Obamacare you lying hypocrite....
Chuck Schumer tell my friend who is dying of cancer how great you are and how Obama care has failed him to his face
The poor guy is on experimental drugs for cancer because he cannot Obama care it is failing and you took away the only hope he had
Because, Chucky, your last name actually means "good for nothing."
You mean staff at DNC ? !
All true!   Americans are hurting and the Dems had 8 years to do something about, and you did nothing, hence we threw your asses out!

trump gave top secret information to the Russians (they're our enemy) they committed an act of war, hacking. If a Dem. did it jail by now
Stupid the president of United States can declassified any secret at any time. Stupid is what stupid says
Those of us who live on Social Security are suffering. Choosing between food and medicine. @GOP wants to make it even worse. We paid for it!
You may have, but just as many did not. Yet, the Democratic Party will take from you and others to support their new voting bloc
Any idiot can flip burgers. My job requires reading and critical thinking. If the idiot is suddenly worth $15/hr, what am I now worth?

8 years was enough..better deal for who?  Illegals? Your corporate buddies? Antifa your hired henchman? Other countries like Iran and NK?
Are you blackmailed?

Why are you trying to dismantle America?

Do you hate us all that much?

Which globalist owns your loyalty?
Every day get on the news you, Swalwell, or Wyden.  "Real People Real Problems" Get Pharm. $ down. campaign on this and more, every person!
What you really want is to control every aspect of our lives high taxes penaties for healthcare, higher wages to run small businesses out
Current form of healthcare funding will ruin this country on its own
No it is not. My 2 adult children working fulltime have insurance under ACA. They couldn't afford ins. with their wage. He is sabotaging it!
I work 3 jobs and cant afford the ACA. Could afford it before. Sick of hearing how goos it is
YOUR #illegals are driving down wages, ahole! Content of #ABetterDeal is stolen from #Trump agenda; the slogan is good for a cereal box!
Criminal illegals must get out now PERIOD but who will break their back picking vegetables 12 hours a day in California?
Maybe you've had cheap fruits and vegetables for long enough. If there's a demand for labor it will get filled at a price you subsidize too
False/stupid talking point! That's why we need to base immigration on MERIT. We have too much STUPID! Thank God for #Trump
You forgot quotation marks + attribution note, sir. That's just a poll-tested paraphrase of Trump's campaign. Something he knew in his gut.
DON'T YOU DARE BACK BERNIE SANDERS! WE NEED NEW LEADERS! OLD DEMS WILL LEAVE THE PARTY OVER THIS ISSUE. BELIEVE IT.   #WitchesResist
Bernie is the only one with a message. What message does the Democrats have for the poor and middle class? I'll wait
Ask you you shall receive 
The pot of gold at the end of the rainbow will pay for all of this. It's magic.
Typical response from someone with no facts. Cities that are paying higher wages are thriving. Please investigate to see for yourself.
Starting the tape with Bernie you slap all of us life long Democrats in the face. This is not how you lead.
exactly I made the same point.
Totally assine decision
.@chuckschumer &.@SenSanders want to make sure every comp leaves America Its cheaper in China & they know it but they need those donations
.@chuckschumer &.@SenSanders know ins comp R getting out They can't force them to stay The votes matter not the voters
.@SenSanders &.@chuckschumer Take donations from the 1% who make their products in China They take donations to shut down the competition
A career politician living well off my tax dollars who gives himself raises & is exempt from Ocare talking to me abt #abetterdeal Disconnect
Sen. Schumer, "A Better Deal",seriously?  How about better thought out platitudes? Like your quote here.  Just more platitude huh Chuck?
And they won't get that deal from Democrats.
So the dems created this economic disaster, now you think we'll believe that your intent is genuine... You don't give 2 shits!
Better deal?  Wasn't Obamacare the best thing in the world. Go out there and interview the ppl who can't afford anything but 1 roll of tp
There's no inflation, right? Why, nothing's gone up in price except for all of the things I need to buy.
Well if you ignorant politicians on both sides would do you jobs and work together like you're hired to do then things would be better,moron
Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work!!! All talk no action! Obamacare is a loser and unacceptable!


U had 8 years & failed American people. Too many lies & false promises from u & @DNC. Nobody believes Democrats will do anything. Wise up.
In 90-second vid, really rich NJ guy explains on Fox that rich guys like him get most benefit from #Trump #taxplan. Cutting the top rate and pass-through rate, killing alternative mimumum tax, and senseless cut to inheritance tax help only the rich. #MAGA
Why don't you waive your salary like Trump did? That would help some.
Yeah, what's 100k worth to Trump when he can make billion dollar deals with Russia & China by selling us all out 
Any evidence to support your wild theories? Hillary made the big deals with Russia, selling uranium for cash to her foundation.
I left the Dems after voting for 46 years. This pathetic slogan won't bring me back. Tired of settling.
Somehow I think we're going to be hearing from you again.  Singing a totally different tune.
Dream on.
Not a dream, a nightmare.

You can't question everyone else's conflicts of interest with money when we have first Pres. will not show tax returns. gave top secret to R
Sure we can surely question Obama's birth certificate for he has not produce it for the public. And he is trustworthy as a Democrat trustnot
You mean like the 12,000 billion dollars Obama just added to our debt? No thanks

.@chuckschumer knows about how Seth gave those emails to.@wikileaks No fake tears for Seth because he's the chink in their armor
.@chuckschumer just tell the Truth Obama tried to destroy the Russian banking system costing them billions & Putin did not retaliate
Americans already tired your Damm better deal and see where it got us. #WeThePeople are tired of your pandering about better deals. Disgrace
You had 8 years to give the American people a better deal!! What's so different now?
We already DID get a better deal Chuckie!!  We got a President who isn't a criminal fraud!!!
Why would Obama keep incriminating evidence that had possible ties to.@POTUS hidden away from the Director of the FBI?
Yo corporate Dems, the better deal for us would be you guys stop taking donor money ,strengthen unions , raise wages ASAP.
Stop stalling on the trump/Russia issue.  It is making you an accomplice to treason!  Impeach trump NOW!
Absolutely right Senator. How about cutting taxes? Americans keep more of what they earn, Government get less! Win-win.
We could get all that now if the Dem's would get involved in governing and stop this resist and obstruct.  They don't really want this.
Please stop Do not use this slogan. You want to connect with middle class?! We don't want to make "a deal" we want a fair system
Chuck is promoting Pres Trump's agenda . Don't have an original thought in their head. Pitiful
Wanda, this is NOT trump's agenda. Trump is acting just like George Bush atm. He lied to you.
Try to focus. Read what the dems are saying and what our great president Trump is doing. Dems use minorities to bind them. Do some research
Pretend Im an idiot, because the dem better deal and Trump's actions seem like polar oppoisites to me.
Bless your heart. Repeating the dems talking points doesn't change a thing. Do some research. Pres had  done more than bama in 8yrs
Tax Reform !!
BSanders is not a Democrat. It is insulting to all real Democrats to lead this video with first to use Russian propaganda against Hillary.
Bernie is the most popular politician why not include him?
Not popular with me. He disrespect Hillary supporters daily. He disrespects the Dem base daily. The original user of Russian propaganda.
HRC was a nightmare from day one. Ignorance doesn't change what she did, deleted emails, smashed cell phones, Ben Ghazi, lies and cover ups!
Bullshit lies and propaganda.
I lied by saying Bernie is the most popular politician? Mmmkay
Sorry. Hard to get a grasp of humor in a text if you don't know the person who's commenting. Sarcasm is the same way.
سكس
سكس سكس
#ABitterDeal
Chuck knows how workers are hurting but he still won't write a Bill to give us tax relief.   Pandering demagogue.   Cut taxes or shut up.
Instead of sounding like Trump, why dont you follow Bernie line. He also had a populous vision
Obamas last act to try and get us to go to war with Russia Blame them for.@HilaryClinton loosing Now we are sanctioning them Imagine that
One of your Democratic Governors defected to our party!
Only in the Blue states like NY, IL and CA.  Conservative states like TX are doing great.  Get #ABetterDeal vote Republican.
Only way to do that is to help Trump with his agenda.
Seriously? Where were you clowns with this message the last 8 years??
Your Obamacare is a big part of that:increases of+100% in premiums,+60% in deductibles,chilling effect on small business hiring& expansion.
I agree with you Chuck the Schmuck, that is why America voted for the Peoples President, Donald J Trump. God is good, all the time!!!
Trump: A better deal!
WTH Schumer...66 million votes
WTFH?
Now our Senate leader says HRC was "namby pamby." Really? WTF is that supposed to mean @SenSchumer? What's the code, bro?
So #resist and #Delay @POTUS nominees is your plan?  #Fakenews  Toss more Dems out in 2018 is PROGRESS @RedState  #MAGA @uaw @teamsters
Then vote to repeal
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL CHUCK-THE TRUTH IS U WATCHED AMERS TRAIN THEIR H1B RPLMTS & U NEVER EVEN MADE A STATEMENT
Everyday, Obamacare premiums keep climbing higher and higher, but wages seem to cover less and less. #ABetterDeal
You know how to know that the info Seth gave to.@wikileaks was so incriminating?.@chuckschumer won't even mention his name What's that say?
Stop shoving Bernie at us. You are personally losing the real base of the party.
Better Skills. Better Jobs. Better Wages. PAPA JOHNS!! Thank you for writing the punchline to this joke. and TYIA for your resignation
Pervasive sense that Rothschild Bankers sucked up quite a bit of our money into their Trilliion, with a "T" banking family.
Oh and my mom (God rest her soul) thanks you for not returning her letter (return receipt) Bishop did she didn't vote for you you don't care
Chuck your #SaulAlinsky socialist healthcare will not be tolerated in America.
Maybe if the national debt didn't DOUBLE under Obama and Dem leadership, prices might be lower.
We (working class men and women) get a better deal when people such as yourself let us deal with one another freely and on our own terms.
Build a wall, stop most of the Federal government's give away programs and watch how things improve. It'll never happen cuz u have no balls
Do you have any idea how much Americans hate you yet? Your a joke and I can't wait for the vote to get you out. Please leave the USA
just to let the dems know yall have hurt us deeply . the people who luvs trump and his family. yall will lose at the polls from now on
.@chuckschumer we don't get to take donations We have to work for a living & your socialist ideas will cost millions more jobs
Get rid of Obamacare and lower our taxes.....
Wages can't grow for Americans w u wanting illegals here who work cheap so Americans can't get wage increase
This guy Schumer is a dried up prune with not an ounce of integrity.

He and McCain are probably Fukbuddies.
That's not what u had on the agenda the last time.
lol " a better deal" are you and nancy p resigning so @realDonaldTrump can #MAGA
Wow, the #Dems sound like the GOP, perhaps they should work together, novel idea!
This is a product of Liberalism
Funny to see a bunch of Democrats saying people need more economic power but won't give up one penny of taxes
Crying Chuck, your total obstructionism on all President Trumps agenda, despite the will of the people, makes one think your colluding with?
Chuck, do you know nothing about economics?
What a joke! It would take 80 tweets to say what needs to really be said about you worthless senators and congress men and women.
Resign; that would be a good place to start.
Where were you the last 8 years? The Dems created this economic mess. We have a President that will get us out of it. Don't need your deal.

As long as there is big money in politics, nothing will change. Repeal Citizens United. Clever and deceptive name!
https://youtu.be/lAVaK5cdUxE 
What we need is to vote you ALL out of office!!
You already gave us your #BetterDeal that's why we're in the mess we are in. #Schumer & #Obama your stupid jingle won't allow us to forget
Way to go senator Schumer. Are you celebrating this?
Your better deal? No thanks!
How come politics are rich and WE THE PEOPLE are poor?
Seriously????  It just doesn't ring true . I don't think for a minute you are worried about a better deal for me.
And yet you do nothing to fix it !
Yes Trump is doing a great job fixing our economy. 8 yrs too late. Thanks, but we got this.

It was Obama and the DemOcurs that made the 30-hour work week
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Cute slogan, borrowing f/Trump? U don't get it Chuck, we know DEMS are the mafia & will say anything f/a VOTE. Sad.
Love U but I don't like the slogan. It's lame. 

The term you are looking for is"Butthurt."It's when you lose and do not like it, also look up"sour grapes,"as in The Sour Grape Courts of Ca
LOL. You paraded all of your liberals out to promote basically Trump's MAGA. This is hilarious.
working man and woman? you we're so outspoken for the repeal of glass-steagall?..##WAZUPCHUCH.

You suck Chuck. I saw you rejoicing when McCain punked out on the healthcare vote. You realize that more of the same with Ocare harms Dems?
Elizabeth Warren has lost my support NEVER BERNIE
Maybe new Trumputin    
#CommunicationsDirectorTonyDaMooch   can solve the #inequality  ABYSS all in 
Gangstagarb

#ABetterDeal? How but A Great Deal? A Wondeful Deal? The Best Deal Ever? Dems need to be bolder, fast.
2/2... HRC left the Democratic message and joined Trump in the insulting and degradation of her opponent. YOU MUST STICK WITH YOUR MESSAGE
Then you need better jobs, not free handouts that crush the middle class bc it's them that pay for them
Here is what President Trump has done, now if we can get tax reform done wages will increase. To bad you're agenda is to stop progress.
Gosh I thought #Obama fixed that @POTUS
Oh, yeah! Get on the Train! No Better Deal than this! Welcome aboard,Chuck!
#MAGA
#TrumpTrain 
Jobs,skills,wages, we got all that!
Dems, are tax and spend, and all the middle class gets is more taxes.
@NancyPelosi if the plan doesn't include the following, it's not a better deal; #better deal
-Universal healthcare.
(3 of 5)
You and your Opposition and Resistance party voted no to discuss Health Care today? Unconscionable and unacceptable!
Stop before you a re laughed out of town, You all sound , with your little sign, like Used car Dealers. open today come on in better deal on
Stop LIES that nobody believes, thank God Americans still have critical thinking & see thru UR deceitful statist agenda govt run healthcare
Dems held the WH last eight years why wasn't it fixed
a better deal huh chucky lol with that one you dems are such a joke haha and liars you people will say anything
Expenses are rising due to big government, not big business. 
$80 for new dvd player at Walmart. 
Healthcare costs TRIPPLED due to Govt HC.

CAUSED BY OBAMA BUT WE ARE RECOVERING THANKS TO TRUMP.  TRY SOME FACTS INSTEAD DEMOCRAP HYPOCRISY.
And your obamacare is a #bigfatlie
Please introduce Medicare at 50 or 55, it makes sense, will have strong public support.
What does A Better Deal mean?? Does it include a balanced budget, welfare, crime, immigration & taxes, education, Medicare & environment.
Well you can save some $ by stopping these ridiculous Russian investigations. Quit hiding behind Hillary group collusion and more!

Why some fucking more that's what Democrats do you have lied to the American people constantly every word out of your mouth is a lie
What the hell do you know about 'wages'. You never worked a day in your life..lol
Thank you so much for coming on the President Trump bandwagon Mr. Schumer it's finally dawning on you that this is the way America WORKS-
Great timing from the guy who knows why we lost; Timing like this is why!

Leave it to Democrats the hire terrorist supporters to run their IT systems. Democrats are a bigger threat than Isis. 
#AwanBrothers https://twitter.com/housecracka/status/891796485863612416 …
You will work together with REPUBLICANS if DEMOCRATS get their way: FED GOV SINGLE PAYER! Did U forget DEMOCRATS lied to Americans?

I am sure our forefathers didnt want our government to make a monoply out of Healthcare resulting bailing out ins companies tht Dems fkd up
You bought it you own it! Eat your heart out Schumer #Obamacare  will implode and it's all your fault! #DNCOwnsIt
@NancyPelosi if plan doesnt include the following its not a better deal; 
-Programs/support for peoples jobs impacted by technology (1 of 5)
They are climbing higher because you are financing the insurance agency and not letting a free market approach work.
That's basically the message @realDonaldTrump ran on.
You are all liers, have done nothing for 8 yrs. you are just repeating what Trump is already doing if it were not for Dems distraction.
Schumer and the Democrats had years to give America #ABetterDeal and they failed
Dems R responsible for loss of our homes, our retirement accounts, our jobs & healthcare.  Now they have a better deal?  COULDN'T BE WORSE!
.@SenWarren .@chuckschumer There wouldn't be a need to create jobs if you didn't over regulate & over tax business in the first place
Best deal you can give us as to just step down
All you are doing is HURTING AMERICA! You don't care about the people...you only care about going against Trump & Republicans!
GFY Lil Chuckie Lies a Lot!
.@SenWarren says America is rich & therefore can afford more regulations & more taxes She believes that small business can afford her ideas
Chuck, enjoy your very last year in the senate your gone between Pocahontas and that "IMPEACH 45" monster you three have some voting issues!
