All this while he molly coddles China, which has done much more harm. What gives? 2/2
The damage to Health Care, my state California is taking care of, the damage to the environment I think my state will take care of too.
Your state is an enviromental nightmare, you have no money to fix anything but 1 billion dollars to build a train? go figure,
California or New York?
I live in 3 states during the 4 seasons , N.Y., Florida and California , none of the,la are worth a crap imo in at least these 3 states
?
You asked me where I lived, California or MY, or did I read that wrong?
You live in 3 states and do not like any of them?
I like the state's just fine, some of the reps are idiot sticks though , they should try harder to get along better, don't you think?
He pulled out because we were the only ones paying#read the accord moron
BS. Maybe you should take a cue from him Chuck and work for your constituents not the global Elite
Those of us who are not in the party of the blind leading the stupid, we remember proven facts & were rewarded with  @POTUS .
Climate agreement was a con to extract money from USA .
10% drop in our Carbon Footprint WE did that!!! Not that,yet another illegal thing Obama promised 1 billion dollars to
Yeah Chuck!  POTUS pulling out damages your pocket. You aren't capable of caring .... first, of New Yorkers ..... second, for this country.
Nature matters to God; and it should matter to us–despite that fact that too many Christians resist calls for ecological care.
Christians? What? We have reduced our own carbon footprint by a lot in just the last few years, us , alone with no help from anyone
And the anti-Christ trump will undo it all, all by himself
Finally, goodbye Paris Climate Agreement!

Love the snowflakes, what gets me about the what I am calling #blindleadingthestupidparty is that they think we don't read or remember
Schumer and waters put the U in uuuuglyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Aww your pockets going get empty
Nature matters to God; & it should matter to us–despite that fact that too many Christians resist calls for ecological care.This is our home
Nature yes god yes. Giving more of my tax $$ to this crap no freaking way grow up try reading
It's about NATURE AND GOD, trump water boy
It's about other countries wanting us to bail them out
US: 1 billion dollars. Everyone else: Zero dollars
Lying bot!
and what about that treason #ImpeachTrump
Who's treason? Comely ? Lynch? Clinton? you pick, it is obvious after those hearing that impeach trump is a crock of crap NO PROOF
Why do Trumpers believe that the loss of clean energy industry that's growing exponentially in US can in any way result in more jobs here?
why don't Democrats KNOW that our carbon footprint is down 10% already thanks to US and not a Bilion dollar deal in other Countries
Believe POTUS said he would work with you to fix a terrible deal. Won't happen - but the whining will persist. #donothingchuck
#ParisAgreeement was set to create jobs. Green energy actually creates a LOT more jobs than coal, oil, etc. when people are on board with it
If you read the Paris agreement you would know that each country sets its own goals, and that being in the agreement had $$ benifits.
Which is countered by the MANY economic and job benefits that we would get from the Paris agreement
And green energy is automatically safer for workers both in short term and long term health benefits
There is no reason for us not to continue on our own. We can reinvest the money that we would send to other countries in our manufacturing
And we have we along by ourselves have dropped our carbon footprint by a lot on our own already , we don't need to be handing out funds
How so? Those Americans are already working. We have energy to sustain the US & all of a sudden the #DNC cries like babies. Then you expect
And a 10% drop in our carbon footprint, we don't need to pay someone a billion dollars we did that own our own
I want to see Reps & Sens start to raise hell in Congress to stop this crap. If you don't act soon you won't have a country left to govern.
If the GOP is worried they won't be reelected if they buck Trump they'd better look around & see how pissed off people are. There are more
He will win 2020. bet.
Real jobs growth in renewables NOT COAL he & repubics must have large portfolio in coal industry
Keep Buying these hat and people continue to want to buy them from me ? I wonder why ? LMAO this is my embroidered model
Oh I love this hat. Seriously laughed out loud at that. Those Democrats #blindleadingthestupid
He's a cuck & a traitor. Share this with him please.  https://www.lovebscott.com/news/oh-really-melania-trump-reportedly-affair-head-security-tiffany-co-trump-tower-lobby-years …
So you're only a real estate agent for liberals
Better hope so after that trash he posted.
I'm actually a Republican(even though it doesn't matter). I don't support treasonist bigots like the compulsive liar you support.
So you actually wouldn't sell a property to a Trump supporter?
#parisagreement doesnt need to be the driving force here.  How about simple economics?
Pulling out of the "Parisclimateagreement", is perfect for America!!!!!
Let's hear the rest of the story and not your political talking points. Just the facts please!
Jobs based on a HOAX are not legitimate jobs. 
Can’t you retire yet?
The only thing he damaged were the politicians deep pockets!
Bullshit chucky  its upsetting for you because you can't rob any of THAT money nor pass it around like it's yours  anymore .
After finding out there was a cut of 38% to American steel. I am a steel worker. I will never vote Democrat ever again.
When ISIS is gone then let's look at climate

Your a waste of space sir
Green jobs? Your organizer tried this BS. They are all broke. How about retiring. Your family is missing you. Go home Chucky
How does this hurt America when we are sending $3 billion to the cause and there are worse country's that don't follow rules or contribute $
Does anyone know if this agreement actually helps or is money stolen by politicians like in US ?
Dems are too weak of character and conviction to do anything to dislodge Trump. They're still looking for facts. Gimme a f brk!
America will do what's right for the planet. Chuck is simply surfing for votes. He couldn't care less about you, America, or the planet.
How many private jets do you ride in? How much electricity do you use in your mansion, Chuckles?
Your career is over. You won't win the next election!
Chuckles, shut up!
Cuck Schumer.
Get your facts before you speak please, don't turn into the next Nancy Pelosi You guys should have her mental health checked
Thank you Mr. Schumer for standing strong on the Paris Climate Agreement. Proud to live in a state that will stand against Donny's mistakes.
I can't believe u believe the bullshit u espouse but communists are professional liars and lib Dems are that
It is sad if you really think this but we all know you are just spreading fear. You are not fooling anyone by all your scare tactics.
Paris Agreement all about redistibrution of US $$$ to 3rd World Economies & Asia...read the fine print!!
Nobody cares what a snowflake like you gas to say  you had 8 years to work and did nothing
Meanwhile NY generates less than 5% of it's energy from renewable energy. Shameful.
Fake news from Chuck Schumer ! President Trump saved the American taxpayer billions of dollars ! Stop being obstructionist Chuck or retire !
This is wealth distribution plain and simple.  The New World Order... Punish the US and give money to poor nations.  Obama=BAD DEALS
Why do you agree to let China increase pollution while American taxpayers pay??
lol
Bill Clinton pulled out of a White House blowjob! Blowjobs didn't end
Wrong Chuck!  There you go again!
If you had read the #ParisClimateAgreement and were smart enough to understand it. You would be for pulling out also. You are pathetic!
Too bad Fred Trump didn't pull out
And the sky is falling too, Chuckie!  Resign already, LOSER!
Prove it in writing. Prove where the 
Global Order funds went over past 
5 years. And, USA jobs exist from above audit. 
@newtgingrich
I signed Cuomo's petition but my elected voices don't educate us on ANY detail yet we berate @POTUS loudly & centripetally. I'm dizzy
6 million jobs would have been lost. US would have had to give 100 billion to countries like India who pollute far worse. #trumpwasright
Unless your stupid, deep down you know where and when the great damage occurred. We're trying to RIGHT that now. Damn Obama f_____ things up
We are a democratic republic not an authoritarian regime. you should ha e demanded a vote when it first came up.
Keep Buying these hat and people continue to want to buy them from me ? I wonder why ? LMAO
Keep Buying these hat and people continue to want to buy them from me ? I wonder why ? LMAO
More fear mongering. Please stop. BTW, what is your position on Congressional term limits?
CHUCK! U r an embarrassment to this country! RESIGN!
Pelosi, Gore,other DNC have personal money invested in green energy. Negotiate w GOP on health care and tax reform - energy investments?
It's called free enterprise Chucky. We don't need government to tell us how to develop new products or ideas. The US will remain competitive
Why would Trumps actions damage green jobs? More money is now available to promote new green technologies. Naysayers SUCK!
Chuck Puhleeze get off that wagon. The #ParisClimateAgreement was nothing but a global transfer of wealth out of the USofA.
Totally naive about this. It's effect would be the exact opposite on US you Dems and MSM need to educate yourselves
So if making America great again is not in your agenda it's probably time for you to retire don't you think Chucky's boy.
#IAlwaysHaveAnOpinion
Those jobs aren't going anywhere...just not using government funding.  It should have been privately funded to begin with.
Yeah Chuckles and saving us 4 trillion dollars youre nuts.
Too bad the rest of my country will suffer.  I also work hard every day for fear of SS being lost. At 73 I can't make mistakes.
#DemLie #DemCrook #DemCheat #DemWrong
That's a lie. Nefarious intellectual nonsense. You're a bad man
Chucky boy, tell us why the government has to force companies to create "green jobs".
If you really believe that, you are incompetent to be in congress and should resign.  You have no practical or common sense!
If the people of America ignore him, maybe he'll go away
do you read before you speak i would say no i guess oh i know you just do not care about america you should be locked up for stealing money
Did you even read the agreement? US def got short end of the stick. If was so great why not approved thru senate.
Obamas green jobs debacle is another sink hole of money and bankrupt green companies who took the money and ran
U.S. spend more on green technology and clean energy than any other country, u fool!  Always looking to disparage U.S.
Your comments mean nothing. You will never support any Republican success for America. You are cryin, lyin political Chuck.
another cry baby democrat never has anything good to say about Trump another soar looser time for term limits to many crooks ....
Chuck he wants those workers to take the low paying jobs that the Mexicans we're doing before they were deported.  #Resistance
How about some examples of jobs lost vs gained
Oh BS chuck
Yes, green jobs.  Subsidized, financial disasters.
Don't worry. We still have Covfefe: When the Republicans control the house, the senate, the supreme court and the presidency!
How did giving billions of $ help US? Are you using common core math Chuck???
Just think, 20% of the voters put this moron in office. #getouttovote
Pulling out helps the US economically, Schumer knows this, yet he wants us to stay in, he is a traitor to America.
Schumer is a traitor, doesn't want to help Americans, only Muslims and other countries, not even Israel.
One of the best things that Trump has done, this insane Accord helped every country by hurting the US, it was stupid.
More hate from one of the most dishonest political hacks in our countries history, as bad or worse than Harry Reid.
#LYINGSCHMUCK
#fakenews
Pease outline the positives and Negatives. Show us the benefits! Would all your colleagues agree with you?

He does not care about his children or their future.  What kind of planet will they inherit?
How did Solyndra work out?
Resist
Omg stuff it chucky
I'm not worried about global warming but I'm terrified about global government.
Blah blah blah
French President Emmanuel Macron responds to Trump:"Make our planet great again”He spoke to all Americans.California will take the lead!
Don't think so. And what do u know about creating jobs???
We must support and push Mayor de Blasio and Governor Cuomo.  New York must be a US leader in exceeding the targets set in Paris agreement
The US should never have been in that deal in the first place. Good move
@SenSchumer is a disgrace to the Democratic Party of Kennedy and to the nation. Your a puppet on a string.
We will find the puppeteer and u
Bull chucky
Chucky what do you know. You haven't done a dam thing since trump been president your elected by the for the people. Man up chucky
Thank G-d for Trump. You and your Crew of George Soros following Nazis would be selling out our jobs and our wealth
Blah blah blah
Thank you President Trump for putting America first!
Not as I see it. Non binding agreement...tons of money. Glad he pulled out and he's open to renegotiate. Superb!!!
Green jobs? You mean the jobs created in China where all the real manufacturing of  alternative energy products is made!
Chuck ur done go fishing
thank God we have a president who will stand up for America
I wish Trumps dad would have pulled out 
How does this prevent green, or any other color, jobs?
Stop with the over dramatic crap!!! We lead the world in green jobs!
All it was was a transfer of our wealth and jobs to other countries.
The US leads the world in green energy development. We don't need an illegally signed Obama agreement to continue. #Fearmonger.
We have enough don't need al Gore to get richer!
If Paris Agreement so Damn good why wasn't it a treaty what happens to the millions of people who don't have green jobs
Chuck America spoke the problem is Democrat's aren't listening if you were you would know that's one of the reasons we voted Trump #MAGA
Oh that's right, the federal govt has a Job program responsibility.... NOT
If his father would have pulled out 70 years ago we wouldn't be in this mess.
The Paris Climate Agreement is a bunch of b.s.
There is no green jobs being canceled! You're the boy who cried wolf  oh no the sky is falling!!! 
This from Wall Street's official Senator. People of NY, wake-up, especially if you work for a living, are an American citizen & pay taxes!
