GOP controlled Congress & WH & not ONE piece of legislation passed in first 100 days! Spending too much time stalling Russian investigation!
Signing executive orders is an accomplishment? Firm legislation is needed to revamp the VA! Believe Fox News riddled with scandals!
Sorry you are very mistaken.  No legislation passed -check all media reports!  Very Sad!
It's so showing the Republicans voted to not have their health care affected! It's disgusting they think they deserve better health coverage
You don't believe dems have been on O care these last 7 years do you??? 
Ridiculous... And they still get to keep with they have now...
Oh so that makes it acceptable to you? Don't U &Ur family/friends deserve as good coverage as they do dems or rep!that Pic is disrespectful
And make no mistake...the pic is awesome and what most americans wish would happen..
We are all PPL not political party. disrespecting each other adds fuel. What if that where a pic of say your little girl with ball gag added
So, im the problem and someone like Pocahontas is deserving of respect? Do you even pay attention to what is being said by whom, and when???
Use your voice!

Demand an Independent Prosecutor
#TrumpRussia

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#StayFocused
This is not normal!

Ma'am.  You are what's wrong with America.  America was great before trump and will be after he's removed from WH.
Quit your crap chuckle
You guys caused the problem, where are you helping trying to fix it? MAGA
Stop Mr. SCHUMER this President is trying 2 fulfill his promised 2 the ppl is more than Pres BHO did in 8 years
Why don't the democrats try and work with the President instead of being party of no. Oh tell that idiot stop holding pic of cops as pigs
How is he supposed to get his insurance bill passed but you stupid Democrats keep coming up with BS good luck on the election Chuck
Chuckie cheesecake head up his ass again provide answers with actions vs bitching about everything do some good for once!
Off the wall premiums and unaffordable deductibles is not health care. It's robbery!
Obamas campaign promises: close Gitmo, post congressional bills online 5 days before voting, and sit down and TALK with Al Qaeda.
24 Mil Americans were forced to get overpriced/hi deductible insurance through sucky NYS exchanges. You failed Chuckie Cheese!!
Problem is democrats aren't working for better insurance either only their elitist interests while inhibiting progress for Americans
GOT NEWS FOR YOU CHUCK, THANKS TO OBCARE THAT MANY ARE LOSING THEIR INS. COVERAGE BECAUSE OF OBCARE  AND ITS CRIPPLING PREMIUMS  !
And how many lost their health insurance with the ACA - and then taxed because they couldn't afford the 'affordable' care?
I believe the President would have handled everything perfectly if it wasn't for democrats like you!
Shut down the govt- there are trillions of reasons in red ink why. Or keep fiddling your instrument Chuck
Better than that piece of crap you jammed down our throats Senator and @NancyPelosi !!!
New one is worse...they have a waiver for Congress...#pathetic
Schumer you are so full of sh;! Your eyes must be brown VOTE FOR TERM LIMIT RESTART AMERICA
And I bet that same 24 million are on welfare and ain't paying shit 56 year old WORKING MALE 3 dep. 1368.00 a month WORTHLESS TRASH ACA
Blah blah blah
Chuck you used to look out for the working people. Now you put Party above people. I'm embarrassed you are my Senator
with all the collusion reports WHY WHITE HOUSE administration still walks the halls - with more destruction towards this nation
The GOP wanna KEEP their Healthcare while giving America a pile of stinking shyte!

I now pay for them and cant afford it for my own family... You sir are out of touch with the working class! That why the dems lost
WHY NO WHITE HOUSE SUSPENSION OF DUTIES DURING FBI INVESTIGATIONS - BEFORE MORE DESTRUCTION TO THIS NATION !!
The Constitution does not guarantee healthcare. Too big a country for gov't healthcare.
THE NEW PLAN HAS NOT COME OUT YET CHUCK? STOP WITH THE SLANT.[BS].?????
And why isn't Congress and all federal employees on #Obamacare? Good enough for the taxpayer not good enough for you?
Right and the Schumer Pelosi plan took away my dr and healthcare plan I was happy with 
@JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL SMOOTH CHUCK - AS YOU GAVE MILLIONS OF JOBS TO INDIA THINKING NO ONE WAS LOOKING -WE'RE LOOKING!
U shameless, racist, bigot This President will do more 4 the American people this Ur then u & ur beloved obama didn't do in 8 Go away
. And charging more for pre-existing conditions like asthma etc. Horrible bill.
Broken promises should be what Obamacare is called but Democrats don't want to own the BS they pushed either
Be patient, you're going to get to see another one very soon. Bye, bye NObamacare.
Trump is a con artist - He told voters what they needed to hear to get them to vote for them -Now cuts healthcare & gives tax breaks to Rich
Senator, there are over 300 million legal Americans in this country. You are referring to a small and frankly acceptable number.
When will you start helping Americans! NO plan! You just resist! YOU LOST!
what do you mean, 24 million according to Obamacare now one is going without insurance, not so sure you are right! Morons
So we are still waiting on "bigger and better"?
SHOVE IT CHUCKIE BOY. You cannot criticize anyone being the OBSTRUCTIONIST you are. Just what did you do for your country?????
You decided to give all out savings away.  Get two jobs and get your own coverage.
Please keep fighting for us!
But GOP took care of themselves, didn't they?
You keep saying you are ready to listen...yet all you do is yap!  Yap yap yap yap yap...little Democrat lapdog you are.  Accomplish nothing.
We know you don't read your twitter because you would know we can't wait till your gone
You will fight anything the POTUS has to offer you need voted out I see that coming soon
Wrong - that is what the ACA did. People who had insurance lost it because it was to expensive and then they were taxed. Shame on you & BHO
GOP "improved" plan exempts MoCs from losing cvg for pre-x cndtns, imposing on rest of America hlth cvg that not good enuf for them.
There is NO TRUMPCARE. You fools are prohibiting Americans from having usable insurance.
Hey I have a great idea Chuckie the crybaby. You pay for their HC.
My installation "Pretty Sad" for the #RESIST show @navegallery, Somerville, MA "Very, very sad misogynist, racist, narcissist, lying cheeto"
How can democrats expect ppl afford ins. Under UN-ACA, when they have to pay more than $5000 out pocket first? If it's greatU use it too!
You're funnier than your niece. It's been 100 days, not eight years. Already ISIS, Syria weakened. Illegal border crossings down #USASafe
Well put
It's all I can do to keep up with house an vehicle insurance, ...and there robbers too !
One thing I have learned about democrats, they lie, cheat, try to get people fired, say & do anything to regain power. More lies America
I don't have any health insurance .Never have , probably never will. plus I will not be forced to buy Oboma's bullshit ...Fine me ? lol  ok
I don't want any government insurance (Obamacare). You should have fought against Obamacare. Please, go away. #termlimits #idiots
Love you, Mr. President! First 100 have been beautiful. Looking forward to the next 7+ years!
Hey Chuckie, 38 years of ur extreme liberal practices has brought this country to anarchy.  I think Pres. Trump deserves a little more time
It's clear Schumer is out to destroy Trump and NOT help him succeed, by opposing EVERYTHING. How is that good for America???
We're do u get ur numbers from, Chucky? According to the Obamacare website numbers range from 10M to 21M. Is it to ask that you be truthful?
Cry Baby Chuck quit your complaining and obstructing. Do the peoples work and knock off the bullshit.
You need to keep still on healthcare.  Millions cannot afford to use the insurance that they pay dearly for.... thanks to you dems!
But your plan significantly raised rates on 93 mill Americans...how is that fair? Also, what plan are you on?
how bout this chucky did u really do this to us ??
This amendment was actually proposed by Tom MacArthur R-NJ.
stand strong no wall waste of money spent money on health care an infrastructure no tax breaks for top 2%
You want citizens to have bama swamp care plan..while you have a premium Cadillac care plan paid for by us taxpayers

Guve us a break chuckie. Keep spewing your lies and liberal BS
Term Limits!!!!!
You supported the wall in 2013now fight Trump you supported deporting illegal immigrants in 2012 calling them dangerous, now you fight Trump
Your right the Trump Care will make American sick again.... Sad @washingtonpost @NancyPelosi

Con artist and shameless liar!
One would think a healthy America is the best America. Affordable and those who can't afford it assistance in getting coverage. ACA yes!!!
@SenSchumer is a #communist #drainhim
Your big gob was shut when 13 million got thrown off.  Even after the lies "if u like your doctor". U r still lying to America #Liars

You want to protect ObamaCare which will have no insurances next year so you can explain to the people how they can find help with the plan
Don't give in to his attempt to distract from #TrumpRussia by creating a fake war w/ N. Korea. He MUST #showhistaxes!
Hey Chuckles how many still have no costly Obamacare and how many millions lost their coverage and doctors?  Pls explain your coverage
What's up with your tweets about the stupid 100 days? Nobody cares about 100 days except you and your friends. It's a bogus reference point.
I like how you mislead and you are democratic base. It's fun to read their comments and see how gullible they are
You Knuckleheads keep on quoting the 24m people off Obamacare. That's true but they will have another care option. 
It's all welfare
Chuck, you missed the central point, as always. We the people voted for Trump, we trust him, we the people don't trust Democrats!
Keep repeating so that you can convince yourself its true.Funny how you never mention his successes-More in 97 days than Obama in 2,920 days
Independent investigation into Trump & Co collusion with Russia is paramount NOW before war/military coup or worse.  Please demand!
REMOVE TREASONOUS POLITITIONS. SHUMER. PELOSI. WARREN.
Crybaby chuck forcing people to buy healthcare,ACA aka ObamaCare is communist socialism!Sorry #Trump and myself live in a democracy, do you?
Sen Schumer It Was Not POTUS Trumps Health Care Plan It Was Paul Ryan's Plan You Dems Deliberately Stop POTUS No Matter What
Did u try to help come up with a better plan than Obamacare? No u didn't, so just shut up about this. Sick and tired of u do nothing Dems.
Campaign is over Shumer do your job or resign. Tired of your stalling and making excuses
No policy Schumer: no viable purpose as minority leader,  obstrcutionist, whiner, and brainless opposition gamer.
@HouseGOP so you think you are above your constituents + need a separate healthcare plan #voteout all who vote yes Trumpcare @watchyourReps
is that really true @SenSchumer or are you spreading false information again.
Why don't u allow me to have same healthcare as you
FACTS Support with FACTS
How about tweeting something about what YOU'RE doing, or about some of YOUR plans. Stop constantly whining about @POTUS , it's getting old.
Chucks On The View! Not Working!
This Death Plan 3.0 is even worse! #SavetheACA
You should know Chuck, look how good your plan was.....lol
Except for this being an outright LIE!
please #ProtectOurCare #NoToTrumpcare . #trumpcare  plan is bad for America.  @clairecmc @RoyBlunt @LuetkemeyerB
If you knew so much Schumer why didn't you fix Obamacare you are just a crazy dramacrat
The really need 2 impeach u and your tribe 4 working against everyday Americans. Sanctuary City = MS-13. You don't care 4 your constituents
What about that little section where it states this doesn't apply to congress ?
no it is one that takes illegals off that is a citizen benefit not for illegals
DONT Forget   after you get your insurance card   1/3 of america cant afford Obama care
that is a total net lie chucky
What's going to happen when Obamacare implodes? You're not telling anyone how many will lose coverage when that happens. Fear Monger
#DeathByGOP
Congress & Senate health insurance should be the Same as ACA or it's replacement
And many many millions that could afford it no one in this country is refused healthcare more of your fake news 
Chuck Build the wall. Stop obstruction
Stay strong Senator. Shut it all down if you have too, but stay strong.
regulations -deceit collusion-THE FACTS NOT FAKE NEWS !! on goings on & are hiding /cover ups by BRIBES - HUSH MONIEs !! INCLUDING RUSSIA
SHUT UP
Vote no
Wait I know. To get more control and more money for your cronies through medical sales. Can anyone say big pharm?
GEE CHUCK.... ya dont suppose all that DEMOCRATIC OBSTRUCTION had anything to do with that do you???
Coverage. You national socialists really think you're pulling the wool over everybody's eyes
Sorry Senator under Obama care people can't use their coverage now. Stop the lying. The Trump plan will at least let people use their
Still don't understand why the Dems changed a system that served the many, only to help the few.
You are a tool of the left  You will  only oppose  Get on board  Your party lost The party is over!
Hey schumershit, keep your mouth closed because more shit keeps coming out
You pay
Are those the 24 million who were FORCED to accept Obamacare and can't afford the deductibles to use it? Democrat three card monte plan.
What's your plan about MS-13 murdering your constituents. You won't even mention a thing about it! Sh*t politics before constuents' safety
Ban Congressional donations accepted from ANYTHING to do with Health Care. Guarantee that would change many views on a plan.  And #NOWar
Fake news.


Thanks Chuck for making a mess out of healthcare
About that wall: Your boy El Chapo is going to pay for it. Cry some more #faketears. #winning #termlimits #draintheswamp #MAGA 
Why can't I have the same health care you have?
Because you and I are not special. We are just American and don't matter. If we were refugees we would get whatever we want. Rt Shumer
Maybe the rest of us who work are sick of paying for handouts!  At 60 yrs old, I do not need pregnancy coverage!

Ok let's hear it.. babies, seniors handicapped and the poor will die! Same montra as Hillary. Don't forget Russia your. Very predictable
Work together! Do your job stop dividing country
How many billions would be saved in gov't subsidies to the insurance companies?
Tax rebates for his and his kids pockets and the 1 pecent is all that is important
Not for the 1% at all. God you people really are something
Schumer completely set in his hatred and bias  will oppose anything and everything Trump tries to do FOR America. 
Schumer= anti American
Kinda like you can keep your own Dr, and a reduction of 2400 yearly in premiums??
You forgot to add that those already sick are just plain out of luck.
State and show me your facts. You are an blithering fool. Have you read the bill? No, and you spout Democratic lies. Just as bad as Schumer
This would be Potus 44's health care plan and don't you forget it. Why don't you stop acting like a child and do your job. Help fix it.
Let's not forget that it will crash & burn if you do not pay the insurance companies the money promised. Which you do not have.
Chucky numbers are about 12 to 20 million ACA. Will you ever tell the truth?
Hang tough on healthcare! Appreciate your efforts.
Pace yourself clown Chucky or it's going to be a long 8 years! Seriously though, it's time for this snake oil salesman to retire! #DTS 
Are you sure this is true, Chucky?
"Trump sucks!  We're not Trump!" is not going to be enough.  It didn't win in 2016.  It won't win in 2018.  It won't win in 2020.  LEARN!
And ACA is doomed, one way or another.  Wise up.  Single Payer.
FAKE! Schemer is a liar & a clown
Obamacare resulted in 46 million people uninsured higher premiums and co-pays. Most ever people in poverty,most ever on social services
