EPA JUST ANOTHER WAY FOR DEMS TO STEAL MONEY.
THATS A PICTURE OF CHINA.
Back in January of 2003. And stopped driving after September of 2003. Cause i don't like FOSSIL fuels and
In some countries that have no regulations the POLLUTION is so bad the middle class and higher have to buy oxygen mask and the poor well,
He won with 90% of the vote last election.
Birmingham, Alabama would still look like this:
I live right next to Birmingham alabama and I'm 45  The air looks clean because Clinton sold Steele industry to fucking Chinese. NAFTA sux
Do understand past tense? The air has been clean since the 80s bc EPA made them clean it up. Way to work a lie abt Clinton into convo though
As far as the environment the EPA has been over funded for almost no effect. Look at the trash left behind at pipeline rally. 22 thousand lb
Facts not fiction!!! That's a cloudy foggy day
More expensive overwrought bureaucracy typical ignorant liberal apparatchik
Even if you don't believe in GlobalWarming & Science WHAT is so wrong with clean air & water? WHY wouldn't you want to reduce pollution?
Thank you for showing people the truth about pollution.  @SenSchumer
@GOP CorpLuvas,GreedyCEOs & FosselFuel Cos want to get rid of EPA regs for mo'$$$ #WeThePeople want clean air & water #notmypresident
@ScottPruittOK #WhatAreYOUR_interests_Pruitt??????????
#EPA_Gate @EPA #PesticidePresident #PesticidePruitt
Most au courant politicos 2-day R 2 young (or stupid) 2 know/remember R durty air!
The party of science. .thats not a heartbeat until it makes it home from the hospital
FOGGY DAY WAS IT ? WHO BELIEVES YOU DEMS. AND YOUR FAKE NEWS !!!
Scientists have compromised themselves by changing facts to fit their results.
Get moving on the trump Russia investigation!
Thank you @SenSchumer for this visual!  It really drives home the importance of science and EPA!
True!!! This is why we need to fire Scott Pruitt Immediately!!!
@SenSchumer scream about treason,  health care, impeachment and getting the scum u work with that sold out our country into prison
@data_random @EPA Well, to be fair, without science there wouldn't be any smog either.
LOOKS LIKE
TACOMA
WASHINGTON
4
THEYSHUT
DOWNTHE
POLLUTINGFACTORYS
NOONE WANTEDDRIVE

THROUGH

UNTILTHE AIRCLEARED

But @VP and Mother feel that smog is Jesus's will. You can't argue with Mother. If you do Pence will call for a photo shoot
Blah blah blah
The @GOP needs to be reminded Nixon created the EPA with Congress, and people were excited about it. Sad that GOP now want to destroy it.
Obummer stole 500mil for solar energy. Where were u libtards for that
Epa like ssa just a pot of money that scum politicians steal from and keep sheep libtards in line
Boy, was that terrifying to drive over; couldn't see a thing.
w̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶s̶t̶i̶l̶l̶ will.
Ahh the bad ol days!
Here is a reality check. In 1980s NH, I suffered itchy burns from exposure to acid rain, especially my face, left me blotchy for my wedding!
Out of ALL your lame ass post, this is probably the closest will ever get to you & Democrats klan on UNITING this Country. Plz RETIRE
Our grandchildren's future, given what I see going on in Washington these days. I'm glad I will have died by then.
A picture of all the smoke you blow no doubt. Trump needs to drain the EPA swamp #EarthDay20147
It will look foggy?
@neeratanden @EPA Calif during 60s school kids couldn't go play outside bc their chests would ache. Now they play outside.
Iam going to mow the yard twice today just for the earth  to look pretty chuckles 
You say it, as usual, but you know it's not true.
It still looks like that when it's foggy
What? With fog?
I grew-up with yellow muddy sky, ash falling from incinerators like black snow & filthy coal shoveled down basement shoots #notmypresident
What is NYS responsibility?
Remember when the EPA released toxic mine waste into the Animas River? I remember.
Using a foggy day photo to cloud the judgement of the viewer? Really sir.. You couldn't be more obvious.
As it did this morning fog
And this is what our incompetent president wants us to return to.  Unbelievable
Yes, but there would be more yachts sailing in Hudson bay.

You should remember this every time you take private jet. HYPOCRITE

What a load of manipulative crap.
don't worry about that. Chinese are producing scientist and engineers in good numbers that US won't have to worry.
it still does that's called fog.  It's naturally occurring. It's actually good for the environment
U have to block trump ,investigate trump Ivanka Jared serious problem here

And now Pure Michigan looks like this???? Only $35 billion more required in MI to reach 40% wind. And then repeat again in 20 years. #absurd
Just remember it is science that created that haze as well.
Show me more. I want to know where NOT to live! DAYMN!
THIS has to change!
and in case you're keeping score, here is Comrade Trump's environmental record...so far...
How much more they can accomplish now without so much waste and bureaucracy!!
So w/o EPA  N.Y. is incapable of taking care of its own? NY: u need to vote in some capable state leaders @POTUS
if one state has rules vs. pollution and the next state upstream or upwind doesn't how can that work?
#Nobodycares
You're a hypocrite! Support a ban on fracking!
It's going to look like that again shortly..
And babies would still be just a clump of cells....
The Air is still bad and people are dying because of it.  Get out of bed with corporate interests and support #BernieCare.  #HR676 #NotMeUs
Cpv is worst idea to date. Energy from fracked gas. WTH? Where are you? Cuomo? Gillabrand? Anyone? !!F!! I'm sell my house. F!!
Conservatives want the EPA to enforce law and protect the environment, not right new unconstitutional laws.
That's very true Schumer. And you didn't even shed a tear about it.
Living in SF, I remember when it hurt to breathe some days. We take clean air for granted now. We can't go back! #EarthDay
It looks worse in China now run for the Senate over there
I remember when Los Angeles looked the same.
What does the view of The Colorado river look like with the help of the @EPA?
Yes but if ISIS starts causing havoc in our land your point won't matter!! #100days #libsstopwhining
You are rite on. Always. Wish you could be our next president
And the Cuyahoga would still be burning
get bent
Take a long look at this picture @potus.
If the Dems in Congress, Senate & Gubernatorial positions don't GROW A PAIR & stop being afraid of that BRAINDEAD CON we'll all die b4 2018.
Thank you for being you! We The People will vote out everyone who touches Obama care and votes for the wall! WE RISE!
And unfortunately the way things are going, it might look this way again.
Clean Air Act for the WIN
This is our future. This is what ignorance of reality and science manifests.
Here’s what Earth will look like if all the ice melts #EarthDay 
STOP GORSUCH, DEPORTATIONS ICE , CUTS, IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL. GET TOUGH. DON'T ALLOW HIM PENCE, GOP, REP . TRAITORS
I prefer being able to see driving into New York City. The traffic is horrendous.
Yes...And I lived through L.A. like that too. I don't want to go back.
Oh now you are showing concerns only when it matters to you figures who thinks of no one but themselves to work to their advantage? Democrat

Tshirt lies! You did NOT win. We all lose with 45 in WH. But go ahead & live in your ignorant bubble.

Resign already  sore loser
And acid rain will become a thing again...

A kayak adventure is the perfect complement to a day of marine science. Paddle the Hudson for free with @dtbh during #SubmergeNYC! 

Beautiful wknd for #freekayaking at Pier 26 in @HudsonRiverPark! We're open Sat-Sun 9a-5p, last boat out at 4:30. 
Nice retouched photo Chuck
NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital The Vivian and Seymour Milstein Family Heart Center - Thornton Tomasetti
http://archinect.com/firms/project/3360816/vivian-and-seymour-milstein-family-heart-center-newyork-presbyterian-hospital-columbia-university-medical-center/120647420#.WNW1ElI0ANI.twitter …
Clean and Green in NY.  Meet Battery Park City. https://youtu.be/Y4qAwBQJPoo  via @YouTube
TRiangleBElowCAnal (Tribeca, stream used to run on Canal Street) facing Battery Park City
Love you Chuck! Always the Best! Photo I took:
Oh BS, he EPA is a money pit run by loons
A dust storm? Sure dude! Or exhaust? We don't look like China! Work on them!
I'm betting that @realDonaldTrump would love to make smog great again if it means jobs (@ our breathing air expense).
In the 1970's it often did look like this! I think the auto industry will not stop with pollution controls, 1 day, the EPA will be back.
That smoke is from the Governor burning his trash lol
I know that Trump is old enough to remember this view. How can he be comfortable rolling back regulations?
Enough with the melodrama, Chuck. Science in America and the EPA aren't going anywhere. However, REAL FACTS are now expected. #MAGA
You know the first thing your orange god did was to alllow coal to pollute streams again- is that maga to you?? SAD
@realDonaldTrump your little son would not be growing up with clean air and water in NYC without the EPA.
Thanks the Shale gas boom the air is cleaner.  Fracking 
Your smelly mouth stinks. Every time you open that mouth it smells of lies chucky keep that mouth closed please is there anything good ofusa
Without the @EPA we are going back to polluted air and more people sick. Thanks @GOP , people need to speak up before it is too late
Dust storm from the Saraha? Or actual pollution from another source?
While I agree that we have come a long way. Today we have 100 X more regulations since the Hudson got cleaner. @epa time has past. Time togo
Regulations must stay in place so we have clean air and water
I agree, but when we go war far as to regulate cow farts it's gone too far. Without common sense regulations we would not have. Got this far
Remember without science we wouldn't have the bridge, the buildings, or the pollution.  Of course science didn't save the dinosaur either
@GOP without @EPA regulations this is what we'd have. Reasons exist for each one.
the ONLY good thing about these views is that we won't be able to see gaudy Trump Tower signs.
Thank you Senator!  Long live the EPA!!!
That is what the inside of @realDonaldTrump's head looks like! #TrumpisUNFIT
That's funny!
Let us please remove this Idiot from the WH before this is existing again very soon
& w/o Dem interference in the AutoBailOut, WNY would be over $1B richer. We found out that POUTS illegally seized 21k Delphi pensions. $1B+!
@CBS news interviews Heartland Institute deny climate change. Now sending books to schools saying climate is fake news.
Dismantle 90 percent of EPA
It's up to us to demand science!
That's just "enhanced air" don'tcha know.
#EarthDay2017 is being used as an excuse to fleece us  #EPA overreach is biggest environmental  threat now
Very well said, Senator Schumer! :) Thanks! Regards..
Why should we in California by electric vehicles? An asinine  Democrat Governor named Jerry Brown is changing a special tax  for who knows.
Isn't this a photo of dust that blows in from the Sahara periodically?
Los Angeles didn't look so good in the 'old days', either.  Not only could you see the air, but taste and smell it, too.
I will never understand how @realDonaldTrump did a lot of business w/NY MOB & Russian MOB & never ended up in the East River.
#fakenews
Senator it is the States that musty enforce air, water and habitat quality not the Federal government...hell you can't get peoples work done
Clean your camera lens Chuck
I was telling my kids this today. Smog reports!  Remember the PSA with the native Smerican and the trash?
I remember those days where you couldn't tell if it was an overcast or smog! #ProgressNotRegress
EPA Definitely Has An Important Part To Play So There Must Be A Middle Ground Instead Of Either The All Or Nothing Extremes!
I think Chuck should give a reference. Was that fog? I lived there and never saw smog like that? Maybe hyperbole, but EPA did good work then
No, not true. The people got tired of coughing. Stop demonizing... # chickenlittle
So Chuck Schumer why don't you be the hero and invoke the 25th Amendment section 4 and get this psychopath out of the White House

EPA! Just another tool used by liberals to control us.
Chuckie, so the earth and science are now the province of the left? You're a supercilious and pompous shill.
Won't be long if Trump has his way. We'll all be wearing protective masks and drinking contaminated water.
Leave it to Chucky faketears Schumer for fake news. EPA needs to be disbanded, fire all Obama lackeys get new folks without fake facts
National clown day
The science says life is formed at conception. Yet u abort
No it doesn't
I remember all of Al Gore's warnings of doom and how many millions of dollars he's made since
I always suspected @realDonaldTrump 's hair had an "air of old New York" about it.
Chuck, try earning your salary
He's doing just that. What are you talking about?
You are clueless
@SenGillibrand Remember #earthday1970 ? By 2000 earth would be COLDER by 11 degrees and out of oil #earthday2017 #EarthDay
Have you read the @ValuesandVoices letter @fjctalk sent you today about the environment & religious commitment?
Just remember without critical thinking of science, people would think the earth is flat
Sad they all can't afford their healthcare since u & ur party Ol' Schu screwed up system.
Im not that old and I remember smog like that in NY and LA.  I dont want that for my kids.
I remember the bad air quality in Chicago.  We need the EPA!
Schumer u truily are lost its wicked  sad I'm praying that god opens ur eyes sir to his truth
Only thing good about seeing NYC like this,Trump Tower wud live in this World of Swamper Dark..yeehaw
Bloated government offices like the EPA an IRS need to learn to do more with less the same as "We The People" have had to. Get over it.
More chuck scare propaganda
Using photos without the original explanation to explain the photo is the same as just lying.It's the sin of omission.But that's ok with you
Oh please!
That's right but what have YOU done about anything.        #failure #resignnow

Why wasn't these problems solved with the $10 Trillion of debt Ran Up by @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats & @POTUS44 last 8 Years???
POINT WELL TAKEN
#LosAngeles #SanFrancisco
#NewYork #Orlando #Dallas
#SanBernardino
This #EarthDay2017 remember that without science & the @EPA, the view of NY's George Washington Bridge would still look like this: 
Rents would be a helluva lot cheaper.
Thank goodness after decades of neglect by the Democrats, a Republican created EPA. As usual though, Dems corrupted it
Chucky did you pass gas?
This #EarthDay2017 remember that Sen Schumer's view never changes
