How millions you got it  invested in that project moving in secret you black agenda   Schumer is a shame have politics like you in W.H.
Dems keep losing, vote them out.
You are a tool!
U have wasted more time, energy and taxpayera dollars on a witch hunt ita like reruns of the brady bunch russia russia russia
Does that mean your going to stop with this blatant obstructionist behavior and do the job we pay you to do? Tell people the truth!
Amen my sister! These people are pawns of the evil one and they are so blind to that truth.

Tell the DOD to stop taxing items on base.  The Coast Guard Base in Buffalo has lost aro\nd $80,000 in sales a month. Because of greed.
And you and your party are spending too much on trying to take down the Republic.

Under Obama maybe not Trump
Schumer the tumor.
Schumer, you have helped decimate our military. You are one sorry individual.
H ha! Isn't that the Pot calling the Kettle black...democrats have enslaved all minorities in the U.S. And done nothing to help them! #POS
Spoken like a true liberal snowflake
Are u kidding me??? U have spent more time harming Americans in your quest to undermine trump! U need to be booted out of office already!
And you waste more time and energy posting bs on twitter than doing your fing job!  Get to work on healthcare, since you claim you want to.

Blah blah blah
Democrats have used more time and energy trying to FIND some sliver of evidence of Trump wrong doing, than it has doing for the tax payors.
Kinda like you've wasted more time & energy to circumvent lies and conspiracy theories about Trump than you have honoring your oath?!
The only thing failing is Republicans failing healthcare for all Americans you guys suck big time! Cooperate or be voted out of office now!!
Trumps agenda is nothing but contradictory to the poor middle-class and all that are not with his agenda! Vote no to all Trump legislation!!
How is that even a true statement? Can the DoD sue you for liable? #MAGA @POTUS @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @NewYorkGOP @OrangeNYGOP @GoshenNYGOP
Where are all the FBI agents that should be crawling all over Kushner's office & every residence he's ever had? This, beyond absurd. Demand
Hypocridiot 
When is the next NY senate election?  I can't wait to vote this  out
This loser will not be re elected . It was better when he spoke less . Now that we NZyers see and hear him we are embarrassed.Has gone nada!
Like you wasting our money and doing nothing Why Do we have to pay you
Chucky boy they're rounding up pedofiles. What was on weiners laptop? I think you're in big trouble mister. You nervous? Pepe knows
Schumer is an obstructionist piece of human waste.
There was never a tax that Schumer didn't like or a tax he didn't waste, he should have nothing to do with money.
What you trying to whine about now?
Shame on you Chuck.  You might be a good buddy to ISIS, or their criminal activity, just like you and the boys!
Lockport is flooding.
Will we have enough rope for all these Washington traitors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxKdSnyWmds …
@jaketapper Let's hope Anderson Cooper takes a big dump on your desk so you have more crap to report on.
Your life is a waste of time...
You have no room to talk. Have done nothing to improve anyone's life but yours? Accomplished nothing since Jan except cry and impede!!
hahaha your 20 trillion in debit most of it obamas! You are the reason for this. I'm surprised you can tie your shoes! Inept
Trump has done more in 5 months than you have ever done. Well almost, you're better than Trump at lying and misleading the American citizens
Wow, sounds just like U. Circumvent liability by not honoring ur responsibility to ur constituents. Delphi pension loss = $1B+ w/0 tax $
Are u talking since January or the past 8 years? We elected politicians NOT babies! Get to work and stop the crying & lying.

Responsibility to taxpayers,you're funny Chuck!So do I see u about my refund if no Russia evid found?Special investigators don't sound cheap



I'd have to say at least they're doing SOMETHING. I've seen you do nothing for YOUR taxpayers since the election. Well except cry & whine
Ever occur to you or any Dems to attempt actual work? I mean ethically & legally. Ya'll circumvent legitimate work pretty well.
Department of Democrats?
YOU have wasted more time, tax money and fake tears in your party attempt to defame this Pres you are afraid of showing your incompetence.
Can't wait until sundown when you disappear for a while until Sunday stand ups
If you're so worried about wasteful spending perhaps you should step down!!! Give your crooked salary back to the people ya thieving 

That's your fault for the stupid requirements you have placed on them.  Wake up.
Gianforte's Montana win tells you all you need to know about Dem party.  Deranged left have killed their own party!!
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU... OH HELL NO!!!!!!!
Democrats have a hard time telling the truth.
Chuckie,please. Pathetic individual.

What about YOUR responsibility to tax payers schumer. Congress only wants more and more to line their pockets.
Kind of like u. Get to work
chuckholes wnouy
if only they used their bullshit for good.. Thank you Sen.Schumer...
when it did become a "thing" to screw the Taxpayers who cut the checks.
You have lost all credibility Chuck. It is very sad the partisan you have become...
You have been in power for the last 8 years and all of a sudden you give a shit?I don't think so. Stop the show and get your ass to work!
No @SenSchumer you waste people's time and money on this bogus Russian conspiracy. #corruptleft
Please replace DOD with Democratic Party in you tweet,it would make much more sense.
Look how much Money they wasted on your Sorry Ass!!!
Chuck, if you want to see what America wants read our tweets you twit!
Your heart's bleeding a wee bit much on this one Chuck.
TLK ABOUT CALLING THE KETTLE BLACK @SenSchumer
BLA-BLA-BLA-BLA, for God's sake chuckie boy speak English. Every time you talk shit come out of your mouth.
cc @FloorCharts
The man does love his outdoor charts.
The last 8 years have been tough
You're a failed Senator. Your radical leftist ideology is why you lost. This will be your last term. #DumpTheDems2018
Without the military YOU WOULDNT BE FREE to enjoy your millions Chuckie
Chuck you don't give a flying F about tax payers! Nice try though.
What do you know about responsibility to innocent families, you fake-tears phony?
Chuck,don't you mean "taypaying, innocent families"?
Ok Chuckie why do we have a 20 trillion debt
What about all the tax $ waisted by u and all other Dems on this Russia bullshit??
chuckie, you are living off the government dime. how dare you talk about tax payers and innocent families. you take our money!
AND CA.  Taxpayers Pay $25K Monthly for Eric Holder's Anti-Trump Strategy Meetings while Gary Brown begs Trump for emergency funds
But  t you and your demseantors  are the problem
Please cry for us again, that was cute.

don't even try to talk about wasting time and money you hypocrite!!! Dems have set new records on that
U have used more time and energy advocating and supporting non U.S Citizens than for the constituents who u represent the point is the same
Chuckie you really shouldn't be commenting on wasting things in Washington
I thought I was the only person who saw things like this
Crook
You and your party are wasting tax payer dollars in obstructing progress.
