En #MayDay2017 las comunidades en EEUU se unen contra los ataques del Pdte. y el GOP a los inmigrantes, trabajadores y musulmanes.
I'm impressed, you can lie bilingually.
Your part of the problem Chuck. Not the solution!
*you're
Better a grammar nazi than an actual nazi. 
Glad you agree.
*sarcasm
Gracias, señor Schumer!
Im really glad we have a kind compassionate man representing Democrats like you
Nice move Schmucky  do you have this in Yiddish too ?
Tell the whole story Mr Schumer
Coma mierda pendejo.

Not the people that came to the USA legally, only those with criminal entry.  You passed the legal entry law. You have a problem with laws?
This clown is claiming we Americans are attacking those that immigrate here. What a fraud and big pimp
I believe it is time we start questioning who is he really representing? Is he another traitor like Obama that for a vote will betray us?
Taco taco taco, burrito burrito.
Breaking: Schumer dies not know 95% of immigrants do not use Twitter , Facebook etc they can  not read , write and have no internet skills
Si,somos Los mas vulnerables y ya nos agarraron de sus pendejos! Pero antes nos hablaron melosamente del  amor al  projimo!
what poor loser
ENGLISH AS A FIRST LANGUAGE CHUCK. FORGET WHERE YOU LIVE?
What?
Tienen que entrar de forma legal como mi familia.
Y el primero de tu familia como entro? DE seguro tambien por el monte!
Why dont u try speaking english. After all this is America not Mexico Mr. Treason
America is from Alaska to Argentina! All the comtinent is America! Mr Nam.
Really when did this happen. In your dreams
Speak English, Cawlisse!!!
No comprende El Chuckles
How about coming here legally? Sch #Ulesless.
English please I can't understand you!!
What?
Speak English this is the USA
Chuckie, English please.
Solamente los que están aquí illegalmente y los que han cometido crimen. Porqueé miente Senador Schumer?
Why no Italian tweets Mr Democrat "Leader" . . . oh right my family came LEGALLY AND LEARNED ENGLISH
Idiot
fake sissy you know you cannot speak spanish
May be it's about time the US stop invading other countries. Hopefully they might begin to have better lives in their own countries.
I know right? What the hell is the fool saying? We're in America dummy
Pathetic
Write in English jackass.
Sell out Senator. Your staff has run amuck.
Not true if they come legally problem is you and Obama chose to ignore laws instead of enforce them
Pathetic 
Los millones de inmigrantes legales no son atacados.....
What is this third world pandering bullshit.
You scare me, you and all of your friends sound like hate groups.
llegaron ilegalmente, que es un crimen . pero para leftists, como schumer , el facto que van a votar liberal is el unico facto importante
Blah blah bla bla bla!! (Italians don't know)what your saying.(Chinese don't know ) Only your voter base know's the free stuff, they know!
They come here legally! Why are you so bent on destroying our laws? If they break the laws and illegal thy have to go. Stop the manipulates
No Es verdad, están atacados los inmigrantes que dentran a EEUU sin papeles legales y son culpables de #Crímenes #integridad
Eso es una carga de mierda. Los inmigrantes siempre han sido bienvenidos - Legalmente. Y los inmigrantes no son sólo latinos
No te dejen de estos cobardes Reúnase en grupos Lucha por tus derechos como seres humanos Protesta deja que tus voces sean escuchadas
ILLEGAL is ILLEGAL.. Who did you get to translate for you.  Stirring the pot without facts!
Mentiras
???????????????????????????
Advocating open borders is why you lost the election
The point is millions of immigrants come illegally to the US leaving a lot of other people on the other side of the Border unable to do so
They come here to suck off the government,wake up Chuck
Why don't you use english language? Oh, guess you're just a smart ass
¡No ellos no son! ¡Hay una represión contra los extranjeros ILLEGALES!
Immigration is so out of control, the senator's constituents can't understand english.
Los inmigrantes son bienvenidos. Traidor. Tú lo sabes. Los invasores no lo son. Ellos no son los mismos. Traidor.
Come here legally and they will b excepted

we lost a soldier today. you are a mess chuckie. don't even mention this
Continued lies Chuck?

It's not against Immigrants and you and your cronies know it, it's Illegal Aliens, BIG DIFFERENCE yet y'all still lie
speak English, chuck.


Great picture of the stooges

Gonna need that in Russian so @realDonaldTrump understands what you are saying.


