get big government out of my Healthcare. I can't afford the fines unless I make my fellow citizens pay for it.Thats un-American.
Channeling Avril Lavigne to mock Trump/GOP being shocked that "(Health Care's) Complicated" -
@BLew1401 great work Sen. Schumer. Now let's get the real work done. Impeach this fool
@MitchMcConell Force insurance and drug companies to reform. Their profit is at expense of Americans! They should do their part!
being in politics I shouldn't have to explain this to you. The @realDonaldTrump didn't write the bill. #useless
why don't you and your pals give up your cushy insurance for VA Healthcare?  You have had years to fix it. #SundayMorning
You're a liar and a cheat!!
thank you for working for the American people!
Why do we even have Socialistic healthcare!  Oh yeah!  You and Obama!  This is America!!  Cut the crap you self serving creep!
Thank you for fighting for our medically fragile children's #Medicaid. #AHCA #protectNCfragilekids #MedicaidMatters
THAT DOESN"T SOUND HARD RIGHT.  Make up ur mind!
really #chucky #obamacare is making my family go into poverty
This AHCA was not a healthcare bill.  It was a no heathcare bill, just tax breaks for the wealthy.
Time for #singlepayer and #UniversalHealthCare in the US. Data shows it will be cheaper in the long run. #resist
Single payer is not the answer. It adds to the deficit increases wait times & leads to rationing of health care.
Wrong....single payer SAVES us $$608,000,000,000........Stop watching Faux.....
Diane start watching other countries with socialized medicine. Not good.
actually, Canadians are doing great. Two friends of mine moved there to treat spine deterioration
All Canadians I know love their healthcare.
@davidfrum makes a conservative case for universal healthcare https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/520833/ …
There's no conservatve case fr universal govt paid health care. We believe in free mkt
Forget What Delusional Don says Senator & just follow the Russian money trail.  The rat pack has been busy w their secrets- sad.
It Ryancare cup cake.
@realDonaldTrump  how is schumer able to tell such lies! He's filled with so much hatred. 
if you're such an expert why is Obamacare failing
trump hasn't a clue how to help the poor, elderly,  vets. Just himself.
CBO also said that ACA would lower our plan costs by 1200 per family. CBO has no clue. You are disgraceful.
please press the GOP to work with the democrats & fix the ACA
Why the hell do we need Socialized Medicine!  Oh yeah.. That's what the Cradle to grave Communists want!!
Not Trumpcare.  That was RYANCARE.  Get it right.  #jackass
There's three different phases that depended on growth & economic factor if market competition was opened. U don't consider that
I lost 3 different insurance plans because of Obama care Try 845.00 for 1 person. per month You make me sick. Term limits for senators.
This is what Obama care is doing 4 normal working Americans. Its good for those who don't pay,on welfare, illegals,anchor babies
keep ur insurance and answer to us
Let Obamacare collaps under the weight of its of unsustainability, then we all sit down, while the Democrats disapear at midterm
For 2 years because of your exchanges. Sick of your lies, obfuscations and hyperbole. Tell the truth!
thank you for giving strength and the voice of reason to us!  You will not be forgotten for saving the lives of the working poor
#Trump needs held accountable for his wish to see people's healthcare "explode". Time to grow up, work together and improve the #ACA.
You know this is BS & yet you continue on. Congress needs to do its job & give America the same HC benefits congress enjoys!
Chuckie are ypu on Obama care? Hell I want the same insurance as you senate and congressional bozos.
It can't be any worse than ACA.  $20,000 in premiums and deductibles for Middle Class, before insurance pays anything.
All you know how to do is critisize CHUCKY- go home
FIRST STOP calling it TRUMPCARE its not an insurance it's a legislative BILL! #AmericanHealthCareAct
now it's time to regulate insurance companies from spiking costs as well as medical providers from milking insurance companies
Hey schumer...when my rates increase, I'll send YOU the bill to pay, since you love failing obamacare
YOU PARTY COULD NOT DO IT=HEALTHCARE COST LESS.????
You have the chance to do it now Chuck.  Dems need to show us FDR MOXY.  FIX IT, then WE WIN in the eyes of ALL AMERICANS. #2018
Don't forget how tired of winning we'd all be!
info is coming out real soon about Chuck shummer pedophile activities. Then we will hang him by his balls
Keep him accountable please.  We can't be stuck with Pence and/Ryan if/and when someone gets impeached
Chuck Scammer...display hyper-partisanship  at its fullest!
U must be talking about the horrendous Obamacare. keep the crap up and we can get you out of the senate.UR in trouble in NY
Trump should have kept his promises & set expectations for a healthcare bill.Dems can propose improvements so ACA works for all.
Your mistaken touvare describing Obamacare as it begins to now rob the public.
and as a leader what did you personally do to make it better or suggest changes? Nothing as usual except whining
all you do is run your jaw piece all day
watch obama care collapse
You're a bigger fool than I ever thought
You and the ACA screwed me long ago. Thanks for nothing. You tweet more than @realDonaldTrump .Too much time on your hands?
you screwed the people and Democrats will pay.  Enjoy your comfortable Special health care from tax payers
appreciate the hard work Senator
That's why it didn't pass Schumer, it had nothing to do with healthcare! Trump will come back to healthcare!
idiot
then come up with a plan to help him instead of just running your mouth take action to help
, thank you for protecting us.  It's time to repeal and replace Donald Trump!
@jail_trump trump care is going to cost more !!! for the middle class and low income that is the rich will make out trump sux
Did you #Read this one before you showed up to vote on it? Oh, that's good.
Where's Schumer care? da.
not true and you know it.  Do you ever feel badly lying the way you do?  #BullSchumer
@POTUS TRUMP & @SpeakerRyan WOULD SABOTAGE ACA TO WIN IS WHAT HE SAID! DEMS OWN MILLIONS COVERED NOW & TRUMP/RYAN IF THEY TANK!
the only people thanking you for your help, are the people who pay nothing for their healthcare and live off the working people
What? He lied?
dude where were you for Obamacare? Americans couldn't even afford it. Get it together dude
yours only works for illegals and deadbeats while the working pay 4 theirs and get nothing insurance
Push for single payer system, #Obamacare still has to be fixed!
#TermLimits chuckie, Dems have not worked with administration for the American people
The first true thing I've seen u tweet. Try not to make it a habit. Seriously out of character.
@POTUS So where's your plan to fix Obamacare Chuck? U seem 2 have all the answers. Why haven't you put something forward?
Folks need 2 go 2 Dr. & get their health in order. Shumer & Trump would be wise to shed 10-15 pounds each and lead by example.
if it does the opposite of what mine did under the ACA , I will get a $1300.00 refund each month. So I'm all in for trump
Why not just expand Medicare for all
you keep saying lies you and all dems are the party of the devil who is the FATHER OF LIES
another sane rational conservative, ladies and gentlemen!
That is not even possible, as rates would have to be over $15,000/yr .We want the same insurance you have.
Ironic you gloat when the #ACA you stuffed down our throats is costing us more & more. Great work! Both parties are a joke
@SPECNewsROC
Schumer get your head out of the sand
we really can't cherry pick, I don't believe a thing he says
Sir,you and your Party are obstructionists to the prosperity and success for my family & all Americans. 'Awaiting your solution.
YOU know that's what the Republicans told him. Stop playing dumb. Too bad the Dems didn't contribute to find solutions for all!
we stand with you mr. Schumer.
lets keep Ocare!!  Put congress on ocare too. See how great its not
You r so full of it. There is no doubt Obamacare is going to fail. You & Pelosi own it now.  I just can't wait!!
I don't know if you got the memo but the bill is dead. You don't have to keep campaigning against it.
Thank you for standing up for the public, even those too partisan to know they're being attacked by their own party.
so it was just like Obamacare
Says the habitual #liar
~ Liar! Dems. are to be blamed for healthcare. Goes to show you guys are Dictators. Gov. has no business in our healthcare.
take the Fining clause out if Obama care Now retro to 1/1/17
Ok Chuck Now the Democrats completely own the Healthcare situation . Let's see you fix it . Grand daughter being Fined $55 a mt
GOP in crisis mode as a fractured party with runaway fringe elements incontrol. GOP spiraling in death fall.
Trumpcare? After 8 years both Republicans & Democrats have done nothing? Perhaps politicians should work out a deal for all!
It's time to push single payer  balls in your court Schumer
go Chuck:ur my man
...and not covered alot of essential things like maternity and medications. How does that make any sense???
Watched you on CNN with Wolf and you sounded like the fighter we need. Way to go Chuck!!
somebody went after them "like a bitch", I guess trump just learned what it's like to be grabbed by the pu*sy #trump
Facts not fiction!!! Do your job and govern. Obamacare is your baby!!!
you are the rising rock star and voice of reason and dissent.  Make us proud!
I doubt that now it's all on u the dems
are you serious Schumer.  You've never been willing to work with the Rebulicans. You think Americans are really stupid.
Nothing but a #Ubstructionist whiner
We as Trump supporters were going to be able to choose our own insurance now we have been imprisoned in Obamacare!!
once again BOZO u do nothing to help Americans
Thank you Senator Schumer. Comrade Trump has been proven to be a liar. Trump lied, Flynn lied, Sessions lied.
Impeach Trump.
you still own the imploding Obama care Chucky. Why are you so happy? Perhaps to too dumb to know better.
yes thats why it had to be rejected. We need affordable care for all not just the rich.
Trump said the Republican healthcare bill would have passed if it wasn't for the 3-5 million illegal voters! SAD! #Obamacare TrumpLies 
so now is the time to fix it.
as a proud (if displaced) NYer your statement today on AHCA was awesome. Thank you!
so chuck what are you and the DMs going to do to fix the mess you all created? Or are you all just going to block everything.
u mean ryancare
You and the Democrats need to make it very clear you're not going to help them dismantle it, just fix it
We need single payer....ask Bernie!
thank you!  Next up-  #impeachtrump and #singlepayer
Why didn't you do your job and help with the task of making it right for All Americans? I thought you were in DC to MAGA
Schumer Thank you for standing up for Americans health care.
. @SenSchumer let's not gloat. Take time to draft #singlepayer legislation . @RepJohnYarmuth has a good plan
Or his promise was kept and we still have that with the A.CA.
can you tell me what's so affordable with Obamacare? I can nothing and it's failing you think you've won wrong.  MOVE ON
more lies from the leader of the party of hate, Schumer is just an evil politician, nothing for Americans.
Trump must accept responsibility for ACA @HouseDemocrats @DNC @SenateDems @TomPerez @IndivisibleTeam @NancyPelosi @TheDemocrats

#TrumpALZHEMIERSSecret: Trump Mental Issues. 
You, Nancy Pelosi and the rest of the leadership should call Pres bluff. Go to WH on Monday and look him in the eye, #LetsDoThis
@SPECNewsROC RYANCARE, Chuck.
I can't wait to you fail chuck. You will fail and quickly
Thank you for all you've done.  We need someone that has our back.
it will be as soon as the dummies get out of the way..dummies like u chuck
You disgust me, but today republican ineptitude takes the cake. I wish we really could get rid of all of you. #startallover
@realDonaldTrump LIES
kinda like Obama saying we get to keep our doctors, our plans and will save $2500 per yr Chuckie? Frigging no concept of TRUTH
 thanks!

Today is Victory for all 

#RyanCare #AHCA is pulled!

#ReformObamacare by working to #FixTheACA

#FridayFeeling
Meanwhile, cud we seniors pls have some relief on tax deduction rules preventing us from deducting many medical/dental expenses?
When Obama care implodes you'll blame everybody but yourself. Many will be insurance less. Hope your happy with great insurance
@loricane2 What your goi g to have is a lot of  new Senator's come next election. Rep or Dems. If you voted against it your gone
and With Obamacare we were suppose to keep our doctor and insurance. Lying POS.
it's a WIN for America! Now let's get RID of Trump & REALLY score!!!!
Hanging with the madman🖒
you block anything Trump proposes.look how big your nose is growing Chuckie!
You sir are a very good man...Sincerely,  Canada.
Obamacare is unaffordable there for there is no insurance for the working class.Its free for the Obama class non workers
There is no Trumpcare and its rich that you are saying Obamacare is great but aren't enrolled 
you're right, Trump doesn't care about anything.  That's the problem.
Please please meet with Trump with offer to improve ACA. Let him refuse to compromise.
now improve ACA.  Thank you
Time for Dems to propose specific ACA fixes and more.
Good now we can watch Obamacare and it's recipients suffer and fade slowly instead of agreeing on a fix.
you're the rookie rookie rookie rookie fool you're going down the whole Democratic Party Obama care is done
Do the dems have a bill going that can help fix some of the issues with ACA? Would be great to have that soon! Let's keep ACA!

#TheCloser: Investigation, health plan, Russia connection, laundering, slander, manipulating, investigation obstruction, traitor, treason. 
please impeach trump!!! Trump and his cronies are working for Russia. #trumpputincollusionimpeach
when when people are dying waiting to see a doctor you can ask @SenateGOP  nicely to repeal Obamacare and I'm sure they will.
haha, what u saw today was an old fashion business smack down. Good luck Chuck u r gonna need it. Lol
apparently you don't know or care about choice and cost
he lies too much to even listen to what he’s saying.
He LIES
Let's celebrate today. Then let's fix it healthcare costs tomorrow. Single payer?
yeah, got some people getting for free and you got some working 60/70 hrs/wk. craziest thing I ever saw. Bill C saw it clearly!
why done you do something useful? Work side by side with Republicans to make this country heal, instead of salting the wounds.
Not true. My obamacare quote says different, Chuck but hey, y'all wanted it.
Ouch, this is what you are proud of @SenSchumer
Well Chucky looks like Obama care stays until R @randpaul replaces it. Enjoy UR Obama care disaster until then.U Dem's wear it!
Do you actually think Obamacare is working? If you do Senator its time you stopped taking the mind altering drugs! 
Do you have a solution?
"access" was their amended promise. -Like my access to a Ferrari! They were peddling bullshit.
Please fix ACA!  Don't let GOP and insurance companies let it die!  PLEASE FIX IT!
Thank you Se. Schumer!!
you should have been so critical when shoving obamacare down the throats of Americans. You're an embarrassment to all of us.
I was opposed to Obamacare from the get go. If it's so great why not have ALL government sign up for it? IMPLODE COMING
