Bye, bye NObamacare. You lose again.
Can't even get cough syrup with Obama care
Using cancer victims as a stage prop for yr attack --vintage Schumer -- shameless!!

JUST IN: ObamaCare repeal bill contains exemption for members of Congress and their staffs http://hill.cm/nPH6pef  
Such a shame, a bunch of idiots 
"#robitussin cures everythang" -GOP, shocked they agree with a black man.
You mean like you did with ACA
The house repubs didn't even read the bill before voting! It is just a political ploy to say they took care of "Obamacare". Disgusting!
PASSED UNANIMOUS! "H.R. 2192, removes those exemptions so that Members of Congress face the same health care options as other Americans."
The American people do NOT want the ACA repealed. Stop endangering our lives. We will hold you accountable. Vote NO to Trumpcare.

absolutely.  silver bullet, wooden stake or sunlight are the only remaining choices to end zombie Trumpcare repeal/replace ... time to fix
time to fix failing Obamacare....long overdue!
@SenateDems @RepFredUpton Schimer is such a clown   Nothing but crap comes out of his mouth
GOP disapproves of $600 annual fine to us govt but approves 30% monthly fine paid to insurance co. So $500 policy + 150 fine=$1800. Better?
Please...just retire
Chuck Schumer is a PUNK
Hey , when it gats to the Senate maybe you could try help fix the F•cking bill instead of bitching about it. You know actual work.
Never seen so many idiots in one place at the same time.
@NewsOfMideast @RepFredUpton we don't need #ObamaCare especially the rich  , government and celebrities
Just like saying everyone has healthcare. But cant pay the deductible. So in fact dont have Healthcare.
Oh ,! Now your s doctor !
Trump supporters r to dumb 2 realize this
I love you Chuck keep fighting for us
High risk pools = seat cushion flotation device. Symbolic & unusable when you have bigger problems.

As amendment doesn't require $8b be spent on sick, more like treating stage 4 cancer w/ cough meds, but pharma sold to someone w/ sniffles.
PLEASE DON'T LET ME DIE!  hit by SUV in crosswalk left me w/constant Migraines, need bi-level discs, neck & back!
You look dry but have a great sense of humour.
Wit only occurs with facts. Why ridicule the House. The Senate can make changes. The door is open for liberals. Now that is satire.
Yes, he better watch out when it comes for reelection in Michigan
Everyone focus on healthcare so we can pass Christocracy EOs.
Hahahahahaha jackoff
Contact your Representatives and Senators. http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/ …
Trump sneers at the people who elected him.  Republicans will pay for this in 2008.
Guess he's planning on a new job in 2018-hell hath no fury ... Like the fury of his constituents. Whatever Donny promised him - not enough
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS TRY WORRYING ABOUT AMERICANS TRAINING THEIR FOREIGN REPLACEMENTS FIRST !!!!!
#VoteNO
Face it. Our entire government is corrupt and only interested in their religious fantasies and growing their fortunes. Americans deserve it
they just want the poor to die and are proofing it if they vote yes. Dems will get more seats in 2018
Mr schumer are u a doctor?
so after the disaster the of Obamacare we're suppose to trust what you say? You sir have no credibility
I think that was a spoiler, Senator.
What we know is the Country ran by republicans sucks!
Cut the BULLSHIT Fred you will be Voted out Trust me !!! America is woke thanx to #Trump
If Upton votes yes he deserves to be #1 on our list in 2018. WE WILL REMEMBER Upton
@Lawrence @RepFredUpton #TrumpCare should be mandatory for all #GOP voters.
You are trying to lower our salaries & standard of living with desperate illegal immigrants. Like I said, you are a fraud
You lose again... 
Perhaps they should try Marijuana, it has amazing cancer fighting abilities!
Sooner or later, everyone's gonna have a pre-exisisting condition
Every American should have health Care coverage where ever they go. The American people are tired of listening to the retoric. Get ins. Out
Yes why is it so hard for good Christian like people to realize healthcare is a humanitarian right. Enough, is enough already.
But.. But.. Did you read it to pass it??? @NancyPelosi
Or putting a used bandaid on a severed limb
If it was cheap enough the Rs would probably okay it!
What's the count at this point. For the vote.
#Trumpcare is a tax cut for billionaires and unaffordable healthcare for millions of working class and poor.
What's your solution? Right, you don't have one. Just being your old negative self. #draintheswamp.
Chuck, stop trying to force your horrible obummer care socialized medicine on America. All it does is enslave the people to the Govt

Twist Republican senators arms to vote No if it gets to senate.
We need Medicare for all Americans!!
why is it that while in Germany I paid pennies on the dollar for my prescriptions, same maker....
to pay bonuses to any employee.  Who's money are they using for that?  3.  A Single Payer system would solve it all
health care is so expensive.  What is driving up the cost of procedures and meds? 2.  Make it illegal for Medical Insurance companies ......
I can not even begin to comprehend the stupidity of Republicans when it comes to health care.  1.  We should be looking at WHY....
It's a Budget Bill labeled "health care" that is a prescription to kill by States indifference w/ future Federal budget cuts guaranteed
Be part of the solution for the sake of the country.  Just think of the good you would be known for, not obstruction
 exactly
Thank you. Fred is a greedy, heartless, easily bought Republican, who won't even come home for town halls and won't answer his phones.
ACA is such a success Chuckie.
Exactly!!
Called Mo Rep Billy sellout Long to tell him we will work to unseat him. His Joplin office #4177811041 #weknowhispricetag #dishonorableman
Exactly what have YOU done to help with our Health Care???  Nothing!!  Just obstruct and speak vindictively.
just like Obama care cough medicine makes coverage for middle-class impossible either premiums or deductible stop all coverage
But in the long run any health care plan done by the government is doomed. Easiest way to ruin something is to get government involved
It's time to quit demonizing and lying. Trump is a NY R. Which is basically an Ohio D. plan is same as the ACA cept it won't die as soon...
What does ODEATH CARE offer? You hav out lived your brain. Time to step down. Useless
We the people are tired of your lack of service. Stop the whining and do your job.
Chuck do you have a void between your ears?
Rep Upton, what does your religion say about the poor and needy? I am curious. Screw them, they don't deserve to live.
Can't believe the idiots writing on this and apparently they don't have an idea what obama care doesn't do for retirees!
Oh another smart ass statement! If you have a better idea open your mouth! Oh yea you are do nothing Schumer!
You are a lot funnier than your Niece. That was a good zinger. #zing
Out of the abundance of the heart,  the mouth speaks!  Your lack of unity speaks volumes. And more Ins. Co.  Drop out! Foolishness
the Russian attack on Americas democracy is an #ActOfWar Legitimize it by naming it. NAME THE WAR #NameTheWar
only if the maker of the cough medicine is a lobbyist to the republicans
But why the Dems threw away the only leverage by agreeing on the spending bill, w/o getting concessions from the R's on AHCA?
Obamacare if you have not noticed is in stage 4 currently.  Obamacare needs to be repealed! #MAGA #retirechuck
Chuck must have someone else handle his twitter or he don't read the replies or he would see we're sick of him and the rest of the bull
Where is CBO review of REPs latest BS
I am glad the Mr Schumer finally came around and calling Obamacare what it really is - cancer. Needs full repeal and Govmt to get out of it
Hyperbole and a half.
True should just be repealed and done
Chucky your not a doctor
We couldnt cure Your Oboma Care with a Nucular Blast calm down Your Pal Cuomo will fix it. Just Raise all tax's 75% that will buy some votes
and you dems gave all of america that cancer with Obama, government run health care..just look at the VA, and you solely did that to all USA
The whole thing is a mess. Turn it over to free market. Get gov out of my health care.
Both parties are useless, time for new blood! #TermLimits
As long as it's not Republican blood. Those people are effing spineless, clueless and just plain whacked out. #VoteDems
#RESISTANCE  call your representative and warm them that if they vote for this...they are out.
obstruction!!  Surprise. Surprise...
What are you saying Chucky?  One of your special interest groups sells cough medicine???
Now is the time to champion universal healthcare that would resolve all of this back-and-forth nonsense.People are hurting and need coverage
Why the hell is the government involved in our health care anyway?Leave us alone! You all have done enough damage 2 America & we the people!
That's just for senate minority leaders only!
which is probably their solution to pre-existing.
Is it similar to UR plan 4 Indy Mac Bank?????
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Trump and Republicans are desperate for any kind of win because they are looking so very incompetent right now, and they certainly are.
OK then. Your team created Obamacare knowing it was flawed. Your team couldn't fix it.  You lost your opportunity to have any say.
Like you care
Where are your criminal GOP thugs sweetie?  Yea, no where and they'll be voting to fuc* us all over tomorrow. Go away
Chuck U R cancer to this State and this country, please find a new job, in some other countryU 
Under Trumpcare that would be a pre-existing condition and you'd just have to suck it up.
#ACA , #SavetheACA ,
I want a response please
How's your free health coverage doing Mr. Schumer
Wait! That doesn't work? But it's so cheap.
A friend can not afford health coverage therefore was penalized by your tax code for the sum of $345.00
There are several options. If the state opted to ignore needing low or no cost options expanded then the state screwed people over.
Cancer is funny to you?
Single payer Chuck. @DraftBernie
So disgusted with Upton, I'm shaking.  Rest assured I'll be working in SW Michigan to spread the word, you were never going to vote no ever!
When will Chucky demand that he and the rest of Congress be covered by Obamacrap if he thinks it's great. Live by the laws you pass, Chucky!
If Obamacare is so great, why isn't Congress forced to be covered by it?
The GOP has start making up rules as they go ,so the Dems are not obligated to follow the rules previously set out either.
ALL government should be required to have the exact same health insurance as the American citizen or  totally repeal AHCA.
The GOP many have taken money from big insurance, and now have to pay the piper. You guys need to do your own investigations.
Obamacare was a fraud intentionally passed by Schumer and Obama to get singlepayer #JonathanGruber
Having emptied the cookie jar, they keep lying and saying that are still cookies in it.  The GOP really thinks that the voters are stupid.
And u wanting us to believe u Schumer is like a cancer that needs 2 B gone!  U r only an obstructionist. Keep it up u will be out of a job.
Fred Upton, another embarrassment to Michigan from Michigan.
Like Democrats with the ACA trying to get blood out of a turnip.
The #AHCA is still a DEATH TRAP for Americans.  #NoTrumpCare
and Obamacare isn't
not even close. Enjoy the #deathpools. #youregonnadie @HouseGOP
Very satisfactory.
You mean that does not work?
What good is a ACA if you can't afford to deductible
They can fix it with the 8 billion dollars they are offering to pass this travesty ACHA
Nope!
hahaha Schumer calls Obamacare stage 4 cancer
From the Dollar store. Not even the Duane Reade version.
Can't be any worse than having a plan John Gruber stated "the success of the ACA depends on the stupidity of the American people"
Just rub some tussin on it.
If yoy run out...add some water...Shake it up...more tussin!
It also encourages free-riders, since it pays their shortfalls. Thus further destabilizing insurance markets. Evil evil BAD BAD mojo...
#schemer are you still here?
He's an embarrassment to Michigan.
We have to stop this horrible healthcare from Republicans
@RepErikPaulsen member,but he won't admit it, of the #GOPDeathPanel . Don't worry he and his family are exempt from the  #TrumpCare bill.
Agree with premise that Congress should live with laws it passes. Did you raise this issue when they exempted themselves from Obama"care"?
Thanks for fighting for us all, Senator Schumer. Rep. Upton, choose your legacy wisely.
Why are you not working on the behalf of the American people you are just an obstructionist and you should be relieved of duty as a senator!
Unfotunately there is nothing to cure us from fascist DemocRats.
guessing fascist isn't a word you actually know the meaning of
Chuckie made a joke
Pathetic and ignorant of problems people with medical conditions face and the bottom line is we all have or will have these conditions.
Like Chris Rock said, just pour some tussin on it!
The AHCA still severely cuts Medicaid for tax cuts for the rich, and it will still make millions lose coverage! Underfunded hi-risk pools!?
Of course that's what WH cares about now
Having the ACA for preexisting is like feeding lung cancer with cigarettes! Can't afford/use creates more preexisting think use ur bulb 
Chuck, you know this health care issue is trying to distract from the Russia hearings this week.
When are you going to show some leadership?
Lol. Maybe you should ask him how much $ he takes from Big Pharma & why all of Congress is exempt from Obamacare if it"s so great.
Members of Congress, and their staffers, have to buy their health insurance on the exchanges along with millions of other Americans.
Not under the new Trumpcare. Guess you've not been paying attention. Figurea
thank you Shmuck Schumer.  Now scurry back under your rock.
Continuing to fight lives depend on it
Stop with the drama queen stuff get to work you losers
Yesterday I thought Upton understood the perils of Trumpcare 2.0 & the devastating effect on ppl. Today, just he's just another Republican.
So Obama care is stage 4 cancer. ??
Upton and Scalise deals are an unfunny joke.

Let's stop deadly disastrous #trumpcare before @SenSchumer has to stop it. #AHCA #saveourcare
Proposed @RepFredUpton amendment to #AHCA is like trying to cure stage 4 cancer with cough medicine.
Flip the 6th Dist of MI!
What did @realDonaldTrump promise them a weekend at mar a lago?
Give the intern who came up with that line a raise chuck.
Very tacky comment @SenSchumer
Yesterday Upton's constituents were thanking him for being a "no." Betting they want to take those "thank yous" back today.
Change the logo of #AHCA to skull and crossbones. Be honest about what you're doing @HouseGOP If this is a great plan why will you be exempt
Why is Congress not enrolled in Obamacare?
Congress is protected by OCare provisions and will ensure said protections remain after they pass them#AHCA.
Trying to make sense out of you is like trying to understand what bubbles in a bathtub are trying to say to us.
Wrong. ACA Already like that. Deductibles are insane. What a joke. I bought ins from a ins co. $0. ded, $80. per mo. Morons.
You are about to LOSE the big one!! Bye bye ruinous Obamacare.
At least with the #AHCA people will be able to afford cough medicine

Send a message! It's easy with
Good grief! You are a Muppet Chuck. How much of an inroad has Obamacare made in the cure for cancer?
$8 billion (peanuts for this item) what happens in year 6?
