Chuck Schmucker
I am ashamed to be an American.
Flights leave daily 
No thanks I'll stay here and watch things get fixed.
Your both pathological lures who like to hear themselves talk! What a combo  bring in Nancy and it's the 3 stooges
I call on Americans to stand up take back USA from corrupt politicians like chuck under the constitution in any means necessary
I am stunned that Comey is a leaker. I almost fell out of my chair.
You can't leak something that is not classified
What are you afraid of?
LMAO
Chuck Schumer 10/16 - Comey has big burden of proof on such an appalling act. Comey who I thought had some degree of integrity would do this
Thanks Chuck.  Here are 9 of the BIG Statements from today...
This is a national emergency in my opinion....
The National Emergency should be getting rid of you pieces of crap soon there won't be any Dems left thank God
U A holes going 2 have a very long 8 yrs u will suffer every day waking up in the morning Trump ur pres going 2 bed @ ngt Trump ur pres
#AllOfYOu #WITCHES #LIARS #EVIL #PoofBeGone #YouHave #NoMorePower
GOOD LUCK w that! LOL! #MAGA #WINNING
Maybe u should step down? we now know from Comey testimony you knew Trump was not being investigated yet suppressed info for political gain.
So when are you going to press for impeachment, Senator?
Blah blah blah
I listened to hearing and saw your statement afterwards. Pssst...Your slip is showing.
Make sure you tell people how long you have been lying since you knew Trump was not under investigation.
It's over chucky !!
I'd rather chew on glass!
The cloud just got darker, what movie were you watching? Comey flat out vindicated the president and pulled the plug on the Swamp Drain!
Comey testimony == Big Nothing Burger
Enough is enough move on and make America first
Thank you Sen Schumer! Keep up the fight!
@SenSchumer 
Quite telling Trump didn't care about Russian meddling in our election only in trying to protect Flynn.
Not true. He urged Comey to discover if any people in his campaign were involved with the Russians.
Didn't come put like you hoped,you clown!
Regroup and find a new angle to go after POTUS.
You and the rest of your crying party look like fools
Big ole Nuthinburger
Why can't we know now
What did Comey do with his notes on Hillary Clinton? You guys just want to forget about all that huh..
You need a life old man..wake me when you find something that the POTUS did to obstruct justice...what a waste you and the Dems are!!
U mean to come up with backup plan to twist words and create another bs story
Someone need to turn over some rocks and see what Schumer is hiding?
What did we learn Chuckie? More about AG Lynch guilty of suppressing Comey investigation of @HillaryClinton 
The dems are going to pay for this shit show in votes
,
What will you say about #Comey confirming that @realDonaldTrump is NOT being investigated for Russia collusion and did not obstruct justice?
Comey colluded with  Loretto Lynch in obstructing justice with Hillary Clinton "Matter" rather than investigation
Hopefully to prosecute him for leaking information to the press regarding executive privilege conversation with POTUS
Want to see Trump under oath so I could see him squirm!
No thanks. The sound of your voice is nauseating
You senator have nothing to say about the testimony. You and all the Dems need to sit down and let the adults do their work
I missed it, was this to apologize for bilking taxpayers out of the money it's costing to wage the war on a PRESIDENT, & a promise to WORK??
Get it right, Comey was a problem not Trump.
So your heading to the floor to discuss Comey today we don't care Chucky where your going plus you don't like tweeting. You sure tweet alot
Make sure U recount his statements that contradict themselves!!! And that he's a Leaker of Gov Docs! And how he told on Lynch!!! 
Good luck Chuck  Thank you 
Don't waste you freaking breath. The working class won today.
Bet you'll love strutting your stuff. Any chance you'll be impartial?
Don't pick and choose parts of Comey's stmts. you want to hear. Consider all or different ind. statements can support many pts. of view.
Your a hack chuckles
Discuss Lynch obstruction and what I will do in the name of justice.  Dare u. U won't of course because u are driven by spite and hate
Going to try to find more shi't to try and get the tax payers to pay for
Dont trip on all tour fallen Globalist dreams on the way to the floor Schmucky!!!
#COMEYISMYHOMEY
How you going to spin this dickface Schumer? #ComeyTestimony #ComeyHearing
You may want to discuss Lynch and her obstruction case coming up.
Hey show my shameful make sure you talk to truth remember you're on the road if you can be impeached and removed just like everybody else
Please just get to work, I voted for you to work, do not care about Comey or Russians...healthcare, meds, taxes are imp. stop obstructing
One thing became clear...start spending our tax payer money on investigating politicians that actually broke the law
@HouseGOP Schumer your hot air has been cut off. Now we know where all the leaks are coming from. Can't trust government.
Hahaha. National emergency??!!! Really. You all have nothing to support your PATHETIC IMPEACHMENT RANT!!!
@realDonaldTrump continues to prove everyone wrong and continues to be OUR PRESIDENT!!!
Give it up. For the sake of your party. You heard it from Comey. Sworn under oath that you Dems have been defeated over and over.
Am I the only person in the world that knew this is what Trump wanted. You've opened the door.
Are you getting calls from Clintons yet. Won't be long. May be to late to back off. lol
Careful you don't trip and fall on your own hate!
If u have any care 4 r country u will bring this to a close & get with what's really important to Americans Taxes Health Care Security Jobs
Intel officials "Have six ways from Sunday at getting back at you" Especially if you fire one. Chuck, you can tell everyone I told you so!
How exactly is this going to help the ppl of NYS?? Get to work Chuckles or we'll fire you @Dublinboki
So now ur interested.  When obama was in u took a nap
Face it we all did we figured we were good now going to see here. Now we Democrats have to get up off of her asses and work
No doubt to make an ass out of yourself and the rest of the blockade known as the Democrats
Thanks for inviting Preet Bharar. Good to see him there.
Enjoy the shit show #sirshitschumer
Fat-T hasn't tweeted at all today. That must have hurt. Or he grabbed a container and shook out some serenity that is unmatched anywhere.
Waist more time and money DA
Make sure you bring up the obstruction from #Lynch prob ordered by #Obama in #CrookedHillary #Investigation #NotAMatter #Corrupt #Collusion
Good. so you'll finally admit that this Trump/Russia scandal was complete BS from the beginning.  Thanks Chuck.
Hope you'll be talking about Loretta Lynch!
Feeling sorry 4trump fans when they figure out Comey is honest & tRump is the liar. NOT
#FreeAmerica from #russiancolonization
We watched.  So, we know what he said.  Do you not have anything better to do while you are collecting taxpayer money?
why discuss? Why not act?
He was very credible! Worried about McCaintho! Is he ok?
There is nothing here. All hear say and feelings. Comey did not damage to himself then he did to trump. Even Obama and Clinton in this.
Has anybody considered that director Comey having been fired by Donald Trump would not be trying to get some kind of payback
Thank you sir. Your points were reasonable, so I will be expecting the Executive to answer them under oath soon. 
During the entire testimony, Comey did not cite a single LIE by Trump, yet based all of his actions upon the assumption Trump was a liar.
Please impeach #45 before he does even more damage than he already has
#wethepeople watched you are a liar you don't represent citizens you are #Fakerepresenative #fakeAmerican you represent criminals not ppl
Nicely done.  Nice to have a voice of reason.
I hope to discuss prosecuting the leakers and obstructionists in the previous administration.
Please do better than u usually do. Dee's don't message well. Y didn't Dem sens on comm answer GOP's Clinton did this and that bullshit?

Your statement on the floor of Senate proves that the swap is deep and Comey was a big part of it.
You are a joke!
You are a true AMERICAN patriot!
Lynch told Comey to change the wording of a doc to protect Hillary, he did.
"Just call it a matter instead of a investigation" Unethical x2
i would not miss this for the world.. the egg on your face will be priceless.
How about you head to the floor and start working for the people all the people
He is doing just that.  Trying to rid our country of an incompetent president.  That's what we expect of him.  Your mileage may vary.
Really? Because Schumer's state is a mess! If that's working for us, we are IN TROUBLE!
When will the impeachment start?
Hope you can knock some sense into the GOP.
You are done
Isn't it a federal offenc to leak the information he did.  And being the fbi director.  Should be be charged?
Can you grow a pair and ask them to finally end the BS? This is costing taxpayers a lot of $$ with absolutely nothing to show for it
Be sure to discuss how #JamesComey LIED UNDER OATH! #ComeyHearings #ComeyDay
 Whoa. Kasowitz is correct. 
#JamesComey LIED UNDER OATH!

5/11/17 @nytimes…
Can you explain McCain's mess? I'm still confused
He handed over government documents and where is investigation on lynch
#UghThisGuy @SenSchumer
Chucky you just love getting in front of cameras.
Instead of heading for the "floor," head for the door! We do not want to hear anything a Schmuck has to say. #DrainTheDemons
save you breathe Chuck
Trump not guilty! So what now Chuckles back to bull global warming. How do you sleep at night? Durbin sing to you
Must you?
Lol lets review:
Trump wasnt being investigated for colluding
Trump asked Comey to find satellites that may have been
Comey leaked to media
Think I'll skip that, but thank you for the head's up.
Why don't you just say that Trump's lawyer lied about Comey leaking prior to anything that was so called classified. Not true. Trump 5/12,
Don't forget to let everyone know how much he perjured himself today!
10:15: "No votes were altered"
11:35: "Russia hacked our election"
Trump needs to release the tapes of Comey meetings. He claims he's not a liar, that will clear it up quickly.
Discuss the fact your theory was proven wrong all along?
What discussion. all the crap you spewed about trump during Gorsuch hearings were lies. You lied and made things up. You should apologize.
go get 'em
watch live would love to but watching you its hard to tell
Figures. Trump and his lawyer trying to slaughter Comey now
Press conference from a Trump Golf property?
Nothing big is happening there. Why bother with it?
Please fight for us.
Who is us?  What is he fighting for?
One good thing about this hearing is that the Democrats will be to ashamed to show their face at happy hour today.
if that is case, it applies to both parties
