The Republican Party is a death cult propagated by vampires and sustained by the blood of the poor.
So ur against hrd  wrk and giving hard earnend money to illegals cotcha
No, I'm against evil politicians, evil corporate welfare recipients, and against a corrupt, evil, ignorant, incompetent, treasonous @POTUS
So that being said you're against liberals more?
Im against socialism. We have a great country that used to take care of its own an the world. Now we liberals who want socialism an global
Liberalism is socialism!
Any time you want the masses to feed off the gov that socialism
GOP is robbing the entire populace of health care, laws that protect us from financial predators, etc. Socialism isn't the enemy, they are.
To hit middle class with unfair taxes hurts them and the economy. Lowering taxes on the rich doesn't create growth. This is short-sighted
Seriously we are getting tired of your crying. Unemployment down, gdp up, growth up. Will u attribute that to Obama?  
The Obama budget is still in full force and effect. Trump has not been able to pass his evil budget yet.
Somehow I knew u would try that. Stock market up... Barry too?
Everyone wanted Trump to succeed, but he has been his worst enemy. Do you really think people want this chaos?
Dems are causing this chaos by not accepting the election results & msm is putting out fake news on trump/Russia collusion. Nothing there.
'The leaks are real, the news is fake': key quotes from Trump's press conference – video
Ru trying to say I'm just regurgitating POTUS press conf? See my other post.
What would you know about a budget? Under your watch the national debt has increased 5 fold. How much is too much?
20 TRILLION is way beyond the threshold! Nice present from Obama the terrorist!
So who is going to pay back the 22 trillion dollar debt Chucky?  Your children....or mine?
All them dems that got Rich AF after putting our SS $ into the general fund & then stealing it. Give us your millions chucky or quit whining
The Democrats reckless spending with no budget hurts the future of all of our children.
Look up statistics about budgets while Democrats vs Republicans in office last 100 years. R's always lower the economy, D's always boost it.
Setting up our country to regress in every possible way rather than move forward!  Only deranged, lunatic individuals would do such a thing!
This tells me nothing,You guys are just made because the Republicans are making you liberal loons look bad. Obama destroyed the middle class
Hey  what class are you in - RICH MILLIONAIRE=what do you know about middle class?
DEMS and LIBS are just whining because they won't get MORE of our money to spend on CRAP we don't need or want...........
Says the chief Drama Queen that his share of MY taxes an gives it lazy snowflakes and millions of ILLEGALS

no one hurts the middle class more than Hussain and his stooges including you.
Trumps budget totally guts America and gives it all over the military and the ultra wealthy. It is the most dangerous budget ever witnessed.
Stooges
you sir will be exposed for all of you collusion with the Russians etc that you are going to wish you never ran for public office. Pandora
YOU LEFTIES HAVE HURT U.S. FOR DECADES....BUTTHEAD !!!
2018 President Budget Message to Congress, Link to 2018 fiscal year government budget
Read Here:
http://www.nopinionews.com/2017/05/2018-president-budget-message-to.html …
ALL LIARS, FOLKS! This BS IS COMING FROM A MAN WHO WILL ALLOW A TERRORIST TO LEAD A PARADE!
#fullofshit
BS
TrumpBudget# better than what you & Corrupt Democrats passed#Never read#Billions spent# U R one of most corrupt#Lying#Disgrace  Senator name
Hey Chuck relying on your Colleagues to help you explain your bullshit is a very bad idea they have their own bullshit they can't explain!
This #TrumpBudget doesn't put #AmericaFirst @realDonaldTrump #dotherightthing @POTUS 
yes because Democrats prefer people on govt sustinence rather than jobs...
Bushes war is what put Americans there to begin with.
how so?
We'll keep electing Trumps until something sticks in Washington and real change from the ineffectual status quo.
You still don't know why Trump was elected and you're making the same mistakes. Obstruction will get more Trumps elected.
But you're a liberal and we don't trust anything you say.
Colleagues? You mean paid spokespersons. Schumer you are a disgrace to all hard working American Citizens
lol
Satisfactory
you required help? Hmmm that's scary since you're a senator. #votehimout #idiot #shutupandsitdown

Bull S___! This man is deranged. He thinks State Voters are Stupid & he may be correct...
I used to assume NYorkers were savy but allowing Schumer represent them shocks me.  NYers have no clue what real Americans want
Hurting MIDDLE class wje my President do is fixing all the mess you   make along with democrats.don't understand you have the face to talk
The most hurting people's are you   and democrats who have 8 years of depression companies fly out countries and you said my President
You and Obama tripled our Debt in 8 years buying votes and stealing from working Americans .
When is enough enough u rich sleazebag. Scamming the taxpayers always caring about the "poor" what about who pays the bills u scheming fraud
Well, 3-1/2 trillion collected each yr in taxes, u can't live within ur means? Raising budget 10% every yr? Nobody gets a 10% a yr raise
YEP.
Cut spending
You and your policies and incompetence have hurt middle class New Yorkers for decades. You have always pandered to the rich!
Save SSDI!!!!!
Fight back
Oh.
If your party would have had positive economic growth for the last 9 years you wouldn't be writing this.
what yoy talking about when democrats having hurt in people's for 8 full years and derrogate de economy's soo what you talking about  
Jerk
once again take a few morsels in the bill add to it and make it what you say it is.. typical political hypocrisy... you can keep your doctor
Would love you to work for our benefit. Instead of only pushing against everything. 
Sen. Schumer, we want you to support full repeal of ObamaCare.
Lies lies lies lies lies lies lies and more lies more lies. I'll bet you've never even cracked the binder on a budget proposal.
Lying again Chucky Schumer. The budget cuts do not hurt middle class or Medicare for the elderly, it hurts your illegal immigrants voters!
This will answer all the peoples questions
Another lie!  Term limits so we can stop this corruption.
The budget must be good if Democrats oppose it. Trumps success is their worst nightmare.
Or support welfare for those driving around in brand new cars wearing gold.Or for illegal immigrates to kill people and you hide them
You and your colleagues are snakes scammers..You and Pelosi are the ones hurting middle class
@USWomenVeterans @AIIAmericanGirI Chucky has no empathy for those who actually pay medical premiums; Chucky wants your premiums to go up!
Stop the feebies
You are such a dam liar. You Democrats have not given a thought to us in over 8 years. You make me sick!!!!
No Chuckle free unaffordable free stuff hurts this country. Even your idol slick Willy C adopted work fare and balanced a budget.
How much of your staff's healthcare cost come out of YOUR office budget?
Keep it up crying clown!!! RIP Democrats!
#FakeNews!! Middle Class was creamed under Democrats for 8 years!
You're the only comic book character I see Chuck.
Gob so bloated the we should be able to reduce the base and still meet needs it just take good mngt on you part so do your job
Hysteria
Who do you sleep with? U are all on the same sinking ship,
Democrats are a bunch of loosers. I will never have confidence in them again
Hurts the middle class? That's exactly what u & ur team did when U stole 21k Delphi pensions & now want 2 ignore that fact. & u say?
Deep cuts 2 everything non military, all so the military can get 10% more?
We need 2 re-think the whole system when this much is going 2 war
Haven't seen this kind of propaganda since the Nazi's Chuck.
You hurt the middle class just by being in Congress. Go home please.
Tell people the facts - budget focus on cutting unnecessary costs.  Dems are lying again - fraud!
#riseup with yr #protest voice 4 a #PeoplesBudget NOW
Total fantasy Chuck!!! You are full of it !!!'n
And listening to the party that loss, really
Of course...for the Christian party they sure don't give a shit @ children, elderly, poor, middle class, women.  God is ashamed of them
Only the less intelligent Left believes this. Oops, they are the majority! Therefor, the Left has a superior number of fools.
Specific to those who still love him-Listen!
Remember the job of the left is to destroy the middle class, don't let them fool you.
Stop the Dramatic BS!! Hypocrite!! Need a coloring book old man?
Chuckie is lying his head off again.  How did Obama reign of terror help the middle class, name one thing.
More lies from the democraps. Have you ever told the truth.
Before any cuts in SSDI benefits, (people earned money) Fed Gov has to repay the 3.5 Trillion owed to Social Security, spent it, pay back
When Social Security was created by Pres. Roosevelt in 1935  the fund was  to be untouchable. Johnson changed that to finance Stupid Wars
Enough. SS is people's $, Trump wants cuts to benefits while giving billionaire friends big tax breaks, BULLSHIT. It will kill poor people.
For once we have a budget made for those who actually fund it - the tax payers. Of course you hate it. Hurts the middle class he says. 
Thats because you weren't alive for the first hundred plus years when government wasn't giving away other people's money
Thank you Senator Schumer for keeping the well earned evil face of the GOP on legislation destroying America's middle class.
let me explain  why you are rich you don't worry about middle class people  you probably don't  even know any stop the bullshit
The liberal agenda is what has been hurting the middle class and poor the last 8 years! More liberals need to be voted out. You first!
know what hurts the middle class Chuckie? Homocide bombers at concerts, you know, your Muslim buddies.
False narrative as usual from the dimwits
@amjoyshow @Lawrence @MaddowBlog why didn't Spicy get to see the Pope .. He's the only catholic there .Trump did him wrong
It kills career technical education which hurts all Americans
Thanks, Senator Schumer. Stand tall and strong. We need you now, more than ever.  Thank you soooo much for your consistency and integrity.
Bull
First time I see a budget takes me that TAX PAYER into consideration!!! the budget always gets bigger work smarter and reduce the waste!!
That's a LIE! It gives power back to the STATES-The PEOPLE-WHERE IT BELONGS! It HELPS MIDDLE CLASS keep more of THEIR MONEY!
if I lived in New York I would make it my mission in life 2 make sure u were never reelected to any office, even DOGCATCHER!
We love the #trumpbudget!  For the first time we have a budget that is friendly to #taxpayers.   #Obamacare was a complete disaster!
the Trump budget is great! Love it! Food stamps  & Medicaid spending and benefits r out of control! You r a total POS!
U R FULL.OF LIES.  U ARE A CLOWN
SICK.OF YOU DEMS AND.YOUR FAKE CRAP
you don't understand it ?
shut up is it killing you Potus is slaying it #loser
I thought Trump's whole campaign was to say he wanted to cut taxes more on middle class families... one again, he is a liar
#FunnierThenAmy
The democrats have lost their minds. The time has come to cut back on all this spending that is hurting the middle class. Support @POTUS
I know why!!  It's because it's the first Budget you have seen in eight years
What upsets most is that the  budget doesn't set up Americans for social welfare dependency once on welfare and food stamps u can't leave
lmfao eat a D. What? no tears this time u cuck
Please don't cry Chuck.  Oh, BTW, did you shed a tear on the Manchester terror attack killing children? No? Cuz Dem's kill babies w/abortion
We don't have a middle class anymore Chuck. You politicians ruined it
Chuck Instead of tweeting,call Trump and propose a compromise. maybe you forgot you work for all the people?
Well if your colleagues say so it must be true 
Here's an idea stop giving illegals foodstamps & welfare. How much does that save? Build the wall save more. Stop investigation false Russia
opaganda more tax $ saved. Seth Rich was a DNC staffer he was murdered . The evidence is out 44k emails to Wikileaks. DNC server in ? never
turned over to FBI. Hillary a civilian has no access to 17 intels EX DNI Clapper said in March NO RUssian ties from those 17intels #SethRich
I wish everyone I know could see and hear this. Thank you!
Chuckie Boy, it is your scare rhetoric that hurts Americans. Dems never said a word while Obama doubled our national debt. Time to balance.
Wish this could be posted on Facebook.
I think it may be time for a uprising. Maybe we the people need to take back our government and I would hope our military would help us!!!
You haven't read it Chuckie. Now have you
Gee I wonder how the national debt grew 10 trillion under Obama??? Maybe ur colleagues could help explain that as well since u r clueless
Simple !! Congressional Republicans Obviously represent their Own interests NOT the People's! No excuses..No magic words!!! They don't Care!
we don't believe you or your colleagues or fake news!
Dems have not helped the hard working middle class who are going broke with Obamacare so we spoke with our votes
What's the Schumer budget alternative? Oh there isn't one
Now middle class out the way next is bottom of barrel (poor & poorest)! Get the damn wolves out b4 only rich is left!
Come on Clucky, where's the crocodile tears??? What's the matter, no more free s___ on Taxpayer dime!! #its about time
The democratic party is the biggest crime syndication in America. Schumer is just a performing clown. His antics are a complete embarrisment
Stop whining, your parties policies have failed miserably. It cost you the presidency, the house, the Senate and majority of governorships
Makes more private sector middle class jobs youbout of touch jackass
td;lr libfags cry about hurting the poor because they aren't the ones doing it anymore
Try working with the republicans and POTUS and compromise on a budget.       No wait your to busy playing politics
Get a play pen and you and Waters,Pelosi, Warren get in it and stay don't get out don't pass GO just sit there. oh wait you do that already
Then you don't have to worry because I know you're not middle class more like high class
That is bullshit. Hi taxes to fund socialism will push us into an abysm like Venezuela
Enough!
THIS is immoral! And after Obama, it's more like $60k. DISGUSTING! Why should my kids pay for YOUR reckless spending? $6b lost at state? SMH
GOP's Trumpcare would result in the death of many children in order to generate a tax cut for billionaires. What happened to Jesus GOP?
That's not true, it takes away freebies to lazy people. U owe 20 trillion, it helps generations of the future.
ACA increasing coverage is not an achievement when u FORCE people to buy insurance. Why don't u ever mention triple digit premium increases?
Colleague"? Another useless Democrap loser trying to destroy progress instead of MAGA! U areseholes lost! Humble ur selves & do what's right
LIAR
Look at all the clowns. I didn't know clowns were allowed to lie.  Nothing is sacred anymore in Demland.
the middle class needs to help themselves. like quit taking handouts!
That's probably because Obama never passed one. Trust me your reckless spending killed the middle class.
You are clueless. You and ur asinine party only know how to make everything more expensive more uncompetitive and watch jobs leave
Present an alternative progressive budget that doesn't screw everyone except billionaires and the military industrial complex
And Chuckie seen every budget there is to see over the last 250 years. What a liar
Vote Democrat tomorrow May 25th in Montana for Our ONLY Congressional Representative. Another Democrat in House to Stop stuff like this.
There is another option! We appreciate every single vote and consideration for the #Libertarian alternative.

