It's not good enough Chuck.  Say it.  Say "Antifa".  Condemn them by name.  You can start by saying "many sides".  Disgrace you are.
Of course you condemn them now what about BLM such a crock.
We need to do something. This nation cannot continue down this path. #ImpeachTrumpNow Blood is on his hands. GOP is vile! #racists #corrupt
Have you condemned violence from #antifa in Berkley and other cities?  How about violence from #BLM ?  Have you condemned it?  #jackass
Chuckie! You are a disgraceful human being! Blaming our POTUS for these hateful murdering protesters! Look at the left hate groups!
ANY hate group needs to be condemned! Antifa and BLM the damn left should condemn these disgusting groups! ALL of them are hate groups! 

Your friend and Senate Colleague Robert Byrd was a KKK member who allegedly lynched young black men. Will you denounce him?
Still waiting for you to condem the alt left, violent Antifa thugs, wearing masks.
Antifa is a hate group also! When will you condemn them @SenSchumer ?
And I guess you ARE chuckie boy ?
@Warx2TheMovie @POTUS Schumer you are the hate. You and you're bottom feeders steal from Americans.
Bye Bye
You forget to mention the alt-left
u need to grow a pair and become an American or leave. u have to condemn ANTIFA, i know hard ur friend mccains son is head of it,
Unless it comes from your progressive party .. then it's good politics! @SenDemocrats
You are pathetic
People Arrested for Vandalizing Confederate Statue All Have This One Shocking Thing in Common http://ijr.com/the-declaration/2017/08/949832-people-arrested-vandalizing-confederate-statue-one-shocking-thing-common/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social …
Was Byrd a mentor of yours too CHUCK?! The Dems are the party of racism. Condemn the violent LEFT you hypocrite!
Preach
Best he could do was call it sad.  Disgusting
We don't hear Democrats denounce the Antifa/ BLM movement. Hypocrisy at its highest !
He should. And you should condemn BLM and Antifa.
I must have missed both you and Obama condemning Black Lives Matter violence. When did that happen, Chuck?
We were probably in the bathroom and missed it!!
Or under a rock.
Oh yeah let's compare Nazism to BLM. BLM is asking to be treated the same, Nazism believe they are superior. For fuks sakes. The ignorance
Sorry, did you miss the part where #BlackLivesMatter chanted for dead cops? Take the blinders off, dude. #Antifa
And we had five dead police officers here in Dallas,sad
And what you're doing is defending Nazis.
Just don't have the time to argue with you today, have a wonderful evening!

Stop calling it alt-right. That's a term they invented to hide the reality of what they are. They are neo-Nazis. White supremacists.
U HAVNT DONE UR JOB
He needs to do more than condemning. He needs to stop talking and acting like an alt-right fellow & stop shielding their leaders in the WH!
He hasn't done it for the last 7 months why start now?
You condem alt-left first Chuck. Do your damn job.
They are NAZIS, not alt right.
They both stand for the same hateful Agenda.
Incorrect. "Alt right" is the PC media friendly way. Nazi is the real name for them. There's power in names, let's not give it to them.
Abortions are Hateful Murder.
It goes both ways Crying Schumer.
Really chuck? Last I checked it was ur lefties in antifa that showed up 2stop a peaceful rally with violence. Plans are all over their pages
What is this? ChuckSchumer Reports?
This is the shit that keeps shit going chuck! Just stand together.
and until you specifically condemn the violence from #Antifa & #BlackLivesMatter , you havent done your job .@SenSchumer #Charlottesville
Amen bro! i hope @SenSchumer sees this. @POTUS said "ALL" because it comes from the left to.  #Antifa 
#Charlottesville #saturdaymorning
Antifa is not Left; they're anarchists.
specifically, they identify as #anarchoCommunists
Whatever; they're not "the Left".
we will agree to disagree... not wasting time...
He has done his job.  He is the leader of the group that rioted, he supports them, he now must be arrested for murder.
Sen Schumer, why are you calling it "alt-right" action? "Alt-right" is a sanitized euphemism for white supremacy. Please call it what it is
Shut up Chuck.
Thank you but this is not good enough. You MUST put pressure on @realDonaldTrump to #firebannon #firegorka #firemiller. Period. 
Exactly!!! None of them has specified if the condemnation if for the white supremacist of for the counter protesters
#Antifa is equally if not more responsible for the violence in #Charlotesville today
wrong.
No, right.
the white devils deserved to be beat. they're white supremecists. antifa never hung anyone. they fight nazis and racists.
Where were you when ANTIFA leftists were burning DC attacking women during inaugural week? 
Black Lives Matter called for killing cops?
Nazis, Senator. They are nazis.
But not your alt-left Chucky??
U blame OUR @POTUS for the hate in this country? HOW DARE YOU, u pathetic fool!  

U, @chuckschumer. are an EXTREMELY DISTURBED individual,
Holy fuck. Talk about living in the past. Cons own the KKK now. Your attempt at deflection is adorable and lame.
Think they forgot about the party flip? 
No they like to pretend that there is nothing wrong with their crazy mentally ill idol Cheetolini
Blinders on at all times. 
You are a slightly silly person.
Not a person
OMG, half these problems are from Obama & your rhetoric. Earn ur pay & help or we don't need more than a President. NK bigger prob @ moment
When did you condemn BLM and their violence? Please tell us? You're a disgrace to this country.
What did the "Alt Right" do in Charlottesville other than peacefully assemble? The antifa were the violent ones.
Here you go:
Actually you condemn hate when it doesn't fit you political agenda
Go blow you're nose! You sound like a snotty nose kid!! 
Damn, @chuckschumer, grow some balls and quit pussyfooting around... Call this shit what it is: Racist Hate!
Say Nazi not alt right. That's being kind/
The @POTUS does not support David Duke. Real news ...
David Duke always shows up to cause chaos. He was a pain in our sides in LA & it always seems to be the left that pushes him to cause chaos
he's done the job #putin has paid him to do.  Create chaos, divide our country, render government useless.
#Divided are country? are country has been divided for over 8 yrs now that's y Trump got voted in. Dems, libs, REPS are not about the people
We hate #ComradeBoneSpurs because he is racist. You hate President Obama because you are racist.

Get it?
#first of all not a racist, I'm military, o don't hve time for it. And as for Obama I supported the president!
Everyone needs to  speak out against the racism on display today in #Charlottesville and around our country.  To be silent = to condone,
#but do it in a way w/o violence, I agree! Just now someone drove into the crowd and hit alot of people. Some seriously injured.
yes, into a crowd protesting the neo-nazis and KKK.  multiple injuries.
Typical whataboutism in these replies.  Be original for once, Trumpies.
Miller and Gorka must go!
When I hear YOU condemn Sen Maria Chappelle-Nadal calling for violence and death of the POTUS, I might believe your BS.
Chuck is a mean,hateful,ignorant,uneducate individual he still  cant get over that his party is sinking fast Still thinks Hillary will win.
As far as hate is concerned, you have certainly done your job, I have never seen anyone filled with so much hate as you.
And he uses the language you like, and there's no reason to bring it up again to dump on him and if he dare mention freedom of speech...
Seriously Mr Schumer ...
Shumer, do you specifically condemn #TerroristAntifia? Until you do, stop your hypocritical request of others.
Trump response was WEAK. A true president would say: "I abhor the kkk, the alt-right, Nazis, and white supremacy. No place in America!"
and besides. my commenst specific to these nutjobs, wehat does one have to do with other? NOTHING
Has everything if you have brain
Please don't call it "alt right." It's white supremacy at best & more correctly #WhiteSupremacistTerrorism, which is trending. Words matter
Then please call the Democratic Party what it is, after all, they started and supported the KKK.
Chuck just like BHO n his DOJ did w BLM?This is big part of problem, u say u care but u revel in the hatred so u could push ur agend
You haven't done your job either!
Chuck, stop using fake term "alt right". Stop using white supremacist & white nationalist. All fall under one umbrella: Nazi. Just say Nazi.

did Obama called out the people that shot cops in LA, TX, did not condemn any single group or person, chuck we will conquer your divide
The way you specifically condemn Islamic terrorism?
You do understand the Nazi party was Leftist, right?! Does the "National Socialist German Workers' Party" ring a bell? Same with your KKK!
Trump did his job you lousy TRAITOR!  Will you ever keep your mouth shut!
What do you have to say about all the violence caused by the left?
He has done his job ..It's the democrats that have'nt done a damn thing for the past few decades.
Impeach this jackass already! If not, the GOP is complicit in today's violence!
Schumer U are such a phony...rioters destroyed cities & could have easily resulted in deaths u Obama & Hillary sat silence no charges filed
And when have you ever condemned any of the despicable actions taken by Lib agitators against Trump supporters?
Chuck, that's blatantly fu€ked up. Your party STANDS for "Violence then Silence". It's what Dems routinely do. Incite it or condone it.
Something is standing in his way. Similar to his refusal to call down Putin. #DirtySecrets #ImpeachTrump
Like when obama praised BLM for their good work Chucky? Or when he called out Islamic terrorists?
Mr. Schemer you just need to do your job and be loyal to the POUSA the one in office NOW please and thank you
All of you on The Left want to go down so you can get paid in your pockets !! All cults on our soil R bad shut em all down not just 1!!
Calling #ChristianTerrorists the "Alt-right" normalizes them & is like calling pedophiles 
"kid enthusiasts"
Trump is WEAK. Period. Sad!
Even if he came out and condemned it YOU would turn it around as he was one of them
scoured yr timeline & can't find a single instance of you denouncing ANTIFA or BLM, they are your supporters
Chucky just don't cry again please and condemn your hateful  dems' vile demonstrations against Trump
Until YOU specifically condemn #domesticterrorists #Antifa you haven't done your job Chuckie.

When Former AG Loretta Lynch & Democrat Senate Called For Violent Revolution..   #Charlottesville 
You should talk a
He's too afraid to offend his base of ignorant fascists, do your job sir & impeach his sorry ass NOW!
You are just a horrible, horrible man.
Of course you will, unless it's a black racist or Muslim group.
all you do is obstruct cry & obstruct Again. Where's your outrage at BLM, ANTIFA?ALL LIVES MATTER AND RACISM IS WRONG NO MATTER THE COLOR
Nothing would have happened if the Antifa anarchists were not in Charlottesville waiting in the park where the statue was removed.
Schumer until yo condemn Black Lives Matter and Antifia you have not done your job but you never do your damn job just screw America.
U are the leader of the propoganda and hate. Wake up
He won't -maybe afraid of DDuke - who brags that they are fulfilling DT's promises during the campaign & tweeted that he remember their vote
Can't condemn his base...
Condemning violence isn't good enough?  Guess that is why you don't condemn violence of ANTIFA groups. Violence is wrong - PERIOD.
you & your cowardly politics have killed too many people I demand the Left stop this wicked action now You promote murder
Nazi s destroyed history. ISIS destroys history. What a twisted mindset. Gen Robert E Lee did not even own slaves.
It wouldn't make a difference what he said!  It would never be enough for you.
And when did @BarackObama ever condemn anything?  He never once condemned BLM. In fact, he praised it!
Is trump golfing? God forbid he deal w/ America! But hey Ivankas got this?? Good god
Head 
.@SenSchumer When will you condemn violent #blm and #antifa ? #Waiting @POTUS
Alt- right hate should be condemned. Just as the left hate and destruction should have been but wasn't.
Before you @SenSchumer ask @POTUS to do his job you need to do your job first ! You are a POS crying baby
He just doesn't have as much hot air to devote to race baiting and thuggery as you do, Chuckles.  He is busy using his brains for good.
THEN CONDEMN THIS TOO CHUCK , SPECIFICALLY CONDEMN BLACK RACISM CHUCK , SAY IT
Also stands to reason that Chuckie and Bernie Sanders need to condemn the Antifa group they  had a hand in creating.
The KKK fought in court and won the right to peacefully protest but you and your demoncrat friends wont allow it.
you dont condemn you ENCOURAGE  it all the time w/ your hate speech.
Don't you have a Sequel to make???
Shame on you Chuckie!! Tweeting during shabos!Then to forget you were silent for so long.
Ur an idiot
No, elitist politics are the problem.  None of your decry wealth shift, subjugation and control of the majority, because you benefiit.
Really? I never heard the hypocritical socialist left decry the violence & destruction committed by the blacks in Ferguson or Baltimore!!!
I condemn the ALT LEFT NAZI's.
Has he ever done his job?
as Obama did when BLM killed 5 officers in texas. Them he proceeded to lecture the officers at funeral. Noone mentions antifa and BLM there.
Here's proof that he was paid by crowds on demand to participate in the counter protest
Oh look! Hypocrisy of the left makes an appearance! Shocking.  Where was OBAMA's condemnation of Antifa & #BLM?? Oh right, didn't happen! 
Antifa is not Left. 
They're anarchists.
I agree & should of been denounced.
*have been
I prefer of. Thx
Well, it's wrong.
I'm not too worried about it. 
Obviously.
When will you condemn specifically #BLM and #antifa rather then just lumping all white nationals into one racist white SUPREMACIST category
“It” will never condemn them. “It” wants their vote & support.  “It” agrees with them. Instead, please work to get “it” removed from office
Where was your condemnation of Trump supporters being beaten by the alt left and Black Lies Matter?
Obama really did his job, it was to divide the country & drop it in some one elses lap while he & Soros sit back & laugh!#BLM & #MBH!
See, @SenShumer? See those ads from Soros org? Soros is "your daddy". Your boss. Dems are self destructing & it's a sight to behold.
And what about all the hate  from the left the last nine months give me a break Schumer condemn it for all
You intentionally ignore antifa, your insurgent force used to wreak havoc on free speech. They were the actual cause of the violence.
It was Antifa and BLM that were causing the violence, Unite the Right had a permit & were peaceful. @GovernorVA told the cops to stand down
Another poverty pimp who has selective thinking/memory. This here has been condemned. You are so weak Chucky.
An anti-Muslim YouTube video is to blame...
This statement is the absolute #Truth!
NOT TO YOU CHUCK CONDEMNS THE ALT-LEFT.????
You've never condemned the blm terroristic racists though, what about that?
Denounce #45 as the White Supremacist he is. Look at those who has his ears: S. Bannon and S. Gorca, pushing both a White Supremacist agenda
The Democrats hate and vitriol has nauseated a nation. You will continue to lose elections, you just don't get it
Like @BarackObama condemned the #BlackLivesMatter thugs? #didn'thappen
Like you condemn the blm hate crimes? That's what I thought!
Trump DID condemn all hate groups. Funnyt NO Democrat has come out against BLM / Antifa violence even when cities burn.
Hmm.  Years ago you seemed to agree with Nazi politics and I have seen no changes out of you.
Chuck he is incapable of doing his job, that's why he hasn't done anything now!
Thank you Senator for your comments, I was not expecting less than that, keep the good work and the right Focus to help our Country
Clueless Chuck. #ResignInDisgrace
Hypocrite you have never condemned alt left Antifa No wonder there is no respect for your Fake Tears POS
Mr. Senator. Please address them as: Neo-Confederate Nazi-Loving White Supremacists. Enough with the kid-glovey "alt-right" label. Thanks.
Terrorist mother told USA, at least 62% of us, incld. the 3M+ popular voters, "I thought he was going to a Trump rally!"
Until alt right is out of the White House he hasn't done his job.
Senator Schumer, they are nazis, KKK and white supremacists. Call them what they are.
NEW YORK Report this terrorist group & crime to WH & Schumer who HASN'T condemned them for the most horrendous crimes! 
Fax, call him now!
Btw New York, you pay for  @SenSchumer to have 11 offices but you won't get an answer from any of them but DC office 
Sad
When will you condemn the #Antifa & #BLM domestic terrorists by name?
Your a lousy HYPOCRITE you have sat back and been fine with Blm murdering our police officers.SHAME ON YOU AND ALL YOU DEMS.
What a wacko Charles is, he cannot even understand the word all.  He'd blame POTUS Trump if he cured cancer, Chucky would say he caused it.
Those far right people are just as bad you far left people. Doesn't matter what POTUS says, you would take offense to something #MoronChuck
Chuck Americans think you're a "BIG part of the SWAMP. Personally, I'm sick of signing your paycheck!!!
He has done so on many occasions
antiFA ??? Condemn this as well ?
What a poser.
Please stop using the misleading "alt-right" & I.d. them as what they r: Neo-Nazis&white supremacists. Nothing gained by using euphemisms
You Obama Hillary Maxine fomented ignited a race war on purpose to try to win politically by lying & whipping up division & hate to enrich U
YOU haven't done YOUR job for the American people.  You're a liar who is trying to destroy our Country.  We'll never trust YOU!
Stand up for our morals and values not Trump's.  He is destroying America!
Hasn't done his job since the get go. Blustering fool that he is. Thks WH is a dump and Obama a disaster etc.father was arrested @kkk rally
I hope President doesnt change his stance. I think President did an excellent job in calling for unity.He doesnt have to listen to failures
All people have a right to speak their mind regardless of what you think.  Stop telling POTUS what to do, say or how to respond.
