US born with health issue First of yr Parent lost health ins 9yr old child Now unable to get ins due to pre existing. PR? fix US medical 1st

How disingenuous!  You supported taking Delphi salaried healthcare away while allowing union members to keep theirs. Political Bullshit!

He might cry again
Chuck the schmuck makes me upchuck.
The question is.. What are you  going to do about it??
Since when are they a state?
Soon there won't b anyone left 4 DT 2 insult.4over 200years the Nation has become a better 1 & DT wrecks it in 100 days.Fault the GOP for it
Puerto Rico is a welfare state like most of the states democrats are running. If you can't take the heat get out if the kitchen!
@realDonaldTrump thinks Puerto Rico is a foreign country.
Considering that historically the US destroyed the wealth of PR on purpose when they occupied it: read all about it
Want to be taken seriously become a state
Hahaha... Chuckie doesn't care! He just wants to obstruct!  Could cross aisle but blocks everything good! @POTUS @FoxNews @SpeakerRyan #MAGA
Sound like the republicans the last 7 years... Oh what a tangaled web we weave
He did NOT insult them. What gives you that idea?
Puerto Rico has to put their act together DONT  B so hypocrite Mr. SCHUMER
Then help us out! Support bill 676 with @SenSanders. I know @RepJenniffer will because she is invested in the well being and health of PR.
Not the same thing at all! Puerto Rico is a welfare state like most of the states dems won in last election.
Schumer LEGAL LAW abiding Immigrants supports Pres Trump, you radical democRATS cannot twist our Smsrt mind.MABUHAY Pres Trump
No. Like Obamacare, they built the problem, they can fix it. Your limited management and leadership skills Throw money not results
Love you, Chuck! Run for President, PLEASE!!
Eye on the ball Sen.  Impeach Trump, now.
The Democrats-----and the Republicans are nothing more than the BLOODS and the CRIPS

The similarities http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5272090/1/ …
Dems want to bailout Puerto Rico but didn't bail out states during the "Grear Recession"....
Democrats voted for #PROMESA  - Obama never lifted a finger you sold us out to fucking Paul Ryan during election

We need to free Puerto Rico. U can go be king
No it's not, and neither are their financial  problems.
Respectfully what's new? Are we going to get him out quickly or are we going to allow a traitor to run this country into the ground?
No more bailouts. We had enough of those in 2009.
It is the democrats using it as a political maneuver...introduce proper legislation to fix it on its own instead of an unrelated emerg. bill
Hey Chuck - what's your health care plan?  True that it's 72% subsidized by the Fed Govt - read "taxpayers?"  #termlimits
Then fix the problem, instead of using it as a political ploy to keep the govt. running.  This bill is not the place to do it.
trump is equal opportunity as far as insulting people but We The People will be giving him the final INSULTS!!!
Still mad over the election. Haha. Just wait
We need you out. Term limits!
Maybe they should have voted to become a state a long time ago. They've been playing it both ways for 2 long.
Unfortunately PR's economy has been destroyed by liberal run corrupt gov't. US working on getting them on track - like a 3rd world country
Do they pay taxes to us gov?
thanks senator!

,
Chuck u are a fool! Can't wait until we vote u out!!
Let's solve USA's health care disaster first.
You do realize that Puerto Rico is part of the USA, right?
Puerto Rico should finally become a US state, that would resolve the issue, time to bring it up again
Blah blah blah
Agree, and can you also support getting health coverage to US Virgins? If it's such a right, be aware that we can't even buy coverage here.
we don't need to fix the world America First Chuckie
Let's talk about what Puerto Ricans can do about their own healthcare first! Then we talk about what others could help!
Please speak up against the proposed FCC repeal of net neutrality.
Not American citizens why pay for them?
They are American citizens.
Nope
Your joking right? Puerto Rican's are US citizens.
Puerto Rico pays over 4 billion in federal tax what's the problem. The corporate tax is only 4 percent relocate businesses
If you took some time to think about it they got themselves into the mess let them get themselves out...Bailouts are not long-term Solutions
Maybe Puerto Rico should do a better job w/ their finances. Looks like some elected officials in good ol PR flunked economics in Highschool
Schumer, go take ur pills
Is there anyone in the Senate more evil than you Chucky?
He is not most evil, but a leader of evils , who want turn America into a 3rd world country.
On my way to fix all this corruption.
Your a fake, fraud, and a phony. Just like all the political hacks. U all need to go. Drain the swamp. Term limits for Congress.
Then they shouldn't have signed up for HusseinCare!  Is it imploding over there @SenSchumer ?
We 2nd class US citizens in the territories are not eligible for OBAMACare. Had to pick between Marketplace or extra Medicaid + we're poor.
u r a trader don't hold up America funding for Puerto Rico
I'm going to say that health care for all mankind is essential and important I know people keep your on it's a strong stance to take
That's just me handing out healthcare for all will nilly
Good job chuck
If they are USA Citizens.  If not, they don't deserve crap.
Any gvt. healthcare in Puerto Rico must come from San Juan, not Washington.
