@cnnbrk @SenSchumer @CNN  Picky, Picky, Picky!
Too hateful & full of jealousy (works of the demons) wasted tax payers money MABUHAY PRES TRUMP.GOD is at your side legal immigrants w/you
Schumer is spot on trump is corrupt everybody knows it is going to take a Zillion dollars and years to uncover all these lies
Who the hell cares?
He doesn't need to effin apologize to anyone.  Lets face it, Comey hasn't been that trustworthy. Nothing wrong with making him wonder
Yea right. TRUMP is the devil he's never sorry even when he NO'S he WRONG
You wanna go here , you clown?! GAME ON, BOZO!!! HRC Going to jail!
Turn them over to whom An for what reason
What is said to the President in confidence is none of your business. Furthermore, if leaked, you should be very concerned. Get to work.
Does this piece of s**t even have a job! Screw more is lucky his base has no commonsense. Nothing more than a bad pimp.
If Trump is not being a DISTRACTION himself, he is creating one! The world snickers relentlessly at the mention of the name "Trump"!    SAD!
Why didnt you call for a special investigation with Hillary? At least there was actual evidence there.
We the people voted Trump into office. Your candidate was the true criminal with Russian ties.
If you were a true American, you would spend your time finding ways to improve this country. Get over the Hillary loss and move on.
Like he should turn in tax returns, right? Keep waiting ...
Striking Spectrum workers # media blackout #why?
Just look at those pair of clowns. What's even worse is people actually believe them.
Chuck you should love comey for being corrupt like u and not locking up CRIMINALS like u and clintons (URANIUM 1 deal)
Clinton News Network and @ Chuck Schumer is all fake news and lies. Get over it the Dems lost suck it up like a big boy not a cry baby
Do you lawmakers not hear your words when you speak. There has never been accountability on him by any of you law makers. Plenty of good rea

the Tapes would have been the NSA. tapes
Aww poor Comey. Poor guy was just being loyal to Hillary and Obama and big bad Trump fired him.
You've got a strange concept of loyalty compadre.
CNN fake news and Senator Schumer should apologize to the American people for the ridiculous partisan treatment and lack of Truth
Schumer speaks the truth  and Trump is a proven pathological liar - straight from Trump's mouth and tweets.
If you think Schumer speaks the truth look at what he said six months ago about James Comey and what he says today end of story
Trump stated "3 times you told me I was not being investigated " proves that Trump did this to block Russia/Trump investigation. Schumer mad
How does that statement prove anything to do with the investigation don't you think if there was anything there in 9 months we would know it
Have fun watching this all play out especially as the day after Trump fired Comey Trump had 3 Russians visit the WH + allowed no US media.
Just can't stand not being able to control president Trump can you get used to it and we'll watch it play out when done whole new USA
The US citizens employ a President and he works for all of us. He will go down in history, not in a good way either. We are A Democracy!
The Democratic Party and the news media are guilty of colluding with the deep state to try to overthrow our government.
Really??  You guys are nuts!!  Stir the pot...keep stirring it up and making it up for the sake of "news"..
Trump is trolling you so hard.
Hahahhaa Schumer looks and sounds like he walked right out of a Simpsons episode.
Lol.  Phahahaha hahahaha
@cnnbrk @SenSchumer @CNN fake news interviewing fake senator.
Crybaby & Crap-head.   Father and son?
@cnnbrk @SenSchumer @CNN neither will happen. Zero accountability = zero credibility. Zero credibility ultimately = zero power
Please Schumer, quick the belly aching and get to work on infrastructure, immigration reform, tax cut and fixing health crisis  ENOUGH
@SenSchumer you missed the part where there were leaks about Comey firing and that's why @POTUS said that about tapes, didnt say he taped
@cnnbrk @SenSchumer @CNN he could bleach clean them. No law against that   Per Comney
Obama recorded all in Oval Office. Not against law. Subject to FOIA which Schumer can request at appropriate time when he leaves office
No you should resign schumer
Says someone who walks around All Day With His ASS On His Shoulders!!
Why should he apologize, Comey should apologize to the American People for not pursuing what was a crime , Hilly's erased emails
You democrats have been against Trump from the "get-go". I don't blame him for recording conversations now. He is doing CYA.
Schumer is a political hack and a weasel! And CNN is the fake and the extremely biased news network. What a pair!
tapes or no tapes WE NEED A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR who is independent of congress and the WH to get to the truth.
Sorry, Chuck. I only watch @FoxNews. Everyone else is #FakeNews, ESPECIALLY the #ClintonNewsNetwork
Shut up Schumer. Enough with the torches and pitchforks
Boo hoo Schumer
trump is playing these fools and letting americans see the insanity.go trump
Attribution isn't admissible inany criminal case, so those making the claim don’t have 2abide by rules of evidence http://www.zeroh
Oh please... you people owe Americans an apology for failing to do your jobs ethically.

Apologize to Comey...you think Trump is going to apologize to Comey??? Please he apologizes to no one!!
Trump never apologizes. He's proud of that fact.
NO!! Schumer... HE SHOULD BE IMPEACHED & PROSECUTED.
GET TO WORK on THAT!! NOW. You and ALL your Chimpanzee Colleagues
#NoMoreGames
Democrats have never apologized for anything. Wake Up America this guy is nuts!!!!

We're still waiting for the apologies to all the others he has insulted, assaulted, swindled.
CNN you are a soap opera to politics
Schumer you are an ant in tbe web of deception that we call Washington.
My people died for what. My cousins died for Korea and here we are again
If there are no tapes he should be hauled out of the presidency by the men (or women, for political correctness) in white coats.
i am not voting and calling for a baby's bottle for Chucky  and #fakenews @POTUS
Schumer your story keeps changing, you just like hearing yourself talk. I hope I'm no going to make you cry
American interests should be prioritized above electoral concerns next year.  The House must do right for USA.
Let's find out.
Schumer is insane he has lost consciousnesses.
idiots  Russia Russia  sick of hearing about fake news
Dt apologize he would never
Democrats squirm over the thought of tapes. This should be fun; THERE ARE HIDDEN CAMERAS IN CONGRESS. Keep watching Dems really squirm now.
@cnnbrk @SenSchumer radical dems dont realize their crazy behavior is turning people into republicans. Keep going way-lefts!!
Head Clown needs to work on resurrecting his party and @CNN needs to stop passing #FakeNews!
What's wrong Chuck you afraid there just might be and you'd be proven for the fool you are?
DT never apologizes to anyone!
We'll wait until Hillary hands over her deleted emails and the unmasking of names is dealt with first. Along with exactly who Obama spied on
Real world comments like we saw, push point you expect man to be honest, Washington get Schumer, 1st should resign now apologize, what next!
Time the media and Democrats to put up or shut up, come on CNN where's your evidence , what kinda of reporter's are U ? Can't find anything
Chucky should stop talking and produce evidence, proof of collusion or hacking but to hey can't , Nazi Tactics can't beat him smear him.
He is envious because he will never come close to the level of success Trump enjoys.
For what.  You should resign.
He never apologizes to anyone!  Poor Melania - never to get an apology!  So sad!
Should POTUS be subservant to SenShu?
He will do neither, of course.
After Obama went on that pathetic apology tour, bending over so all other leaders could bone his ass,Trump shouldn't apologize for anything.
1st PRESIDENT OBAMA !
Notice it has shut up all the unnamed sources from putting out information. Trump did good here.
If @SenShumer has no biz dictating thresholds of needed apologies. He is a bad offender and should #leadbyexample to fix #brokenamerica
That'll never happen. This administration is to arrogant to admit any thing they've said or did that's false, exaggerated, or wrong.
I think president trumps supporters would be totally in favour of telling Schumer to F...OFF
While he is at it, he can apologize to President Obama.
Grow up all you Democrats the would doesn't revolve around you always getting your way.
I need Prozac because of Democrats can't make up their mind and they're making me confused and causing mental distress!!!
Why is our government spying on us American people? Why did Obama spy on American people?
Investigate SCHUMER foreign influence from Rothschilds and SOROS
SCHUMER SHOULD APOLOGIAE for the lying snake he is
You chicken sh-t congressman and senators  what dose the Russians have on you too?
Why?
I don't remember hearing you ask Obama to apologize for recording everything said in the WH. Get the log out of your own eye!
We have tapes of you & Tapper calling for Comey's head & then balling your eyes out when he's fired. Hypocrisy at its finest
Someone,  ANYONE, with a shred of credibility ask @SenShumer why HE called for the firing of Comey so vociferously #PressHacks
No, Trump should keep it to himself so that Comey doesn't make stuff up
Why?
Trump, our narcissistic @potus aplolgize? A better chance that Satan asks to be baptized
Trump never said he had tapes. he said there better be no tape.

When will all u Liberal idiots start apologizing for all ur lies! U wanted Comey gone a few months ago now Ure defending him! Ure a JOKER
Shut up schumer. You spew idiocy out of both sides of your mouth.
@cnnbrk @SenSchumer @CNN and chuckie you should retire your a has been
Can we believe "Anything" Trumps says# lier lier
Can't you actually find out?
like the illegal wire tapes. Have they been handed over to our @Potus yet. No so worried about Russia you can't worry about a real crime.
That's exactly the message Trump wants. "I'm alpha, I never apologize." Instead they shld demand obstruction of justice charges.
Trying to intimidate a witness is legal since when?
Schemer needs to apologize to Comey for demanding he be fired by Obama!  Hypocrites!!
When this is completed the Democrats & cnn and the rest of the liberals must apologize to the president!  NO EVIDENCE ! LAUGHABLE!
Schumer is a threat to national security
Hahahahahahahahaha.  Like that will happen.
What happened last week proved that the Democrats need to keep an army of psychiatrists on staff to treat their dulusions.
Rightly so. However, I bet he won't do either.
O bama mama should apologize to Trump 4 funding instagators to start riots. Muslem invasions. Buying judges. Trashing AMERICA
Trump does not know the word 'apology' he only knows the word 'dictator'.....
Sounds like Comey has something to hide.....
WHY apologize ? Five months he was calling for resignation. The last eight years needs apology
I'm sorry chuckie. I don't suppose you can show us where there is a mandate to ur demands?
Independent investigation on everything. Meantime paying the electorate to do nothing. Waste.
..YESSSS trump NEEDS TO BE MADE ACCOUNTABLE 
If there are tapes Trump will erase them with the help of Jeff Goober Sessions. The fix would be in.
Crying chuck
does anyone remember Nixon???
CNN has 137 people tracking down the tapes. Obviously the Russians have copies
President should be silent & drive Schumer to the nut house
Like he apologized to Obama.  All he does is make stuff up in his little brain. POS
Just like you should apologize for running your fake Trump/Russia story.
Exactly.
I still can't understand why he ran for president? He knew his past. It is hard to get to his level without playing in the gray areas!
Like our politicians getting rich being politicians. They created the gray area!
Kinda like Schumer should show all the evidence of Russian collusion?
What is the possibility of Fmr Dir Comey going to have dinner with Trump without some form of undetectable recorder?
#ShutUpSchumer
What happens when you Turn Over Tapes! Do they play upside down and backwards? IMWTK! Chill!!!
Kiss off he are a statement, he didn't call him a name
Agee, put up or shut up. Subpoena 'any existing tapes that could be material to your investigations same as Watergate.
Trump does not know how to apologize. That would require character.
Hasn't apologised for a thing in his entire life. Too arrogant @realDonaldTrump
If there were tapes that did not support Drumpf they would be gone.
 you're hypocrisy is disgusting! GFY CNN along with parasite Schumer
Should should should. They shouldn't do anything the Dems say! Too full of conspiracy and hate. #resist #TheResistance
Why should #Trump turn over tapes?
the will these morons understand that @realDonaldTrump will never apologize! he is mentally incapable of being a human being!
This guy never shuts up and does absolutely no work for the people of America. He has to go!!
Not going to get either.
Speaking of apologies, Schumer owes the nation a big one for his incompetence
@cnnbrk @SenSchumer @CNN doesn't say "except #Democrats "
What if it's Dir. Comey who has the tapes?
@cnnbrk @SenSchumer @CNN you automatically are under a disclaimer that You Will Be video and recorded while in or on property.
@SenToomey @SenBobCasey We need an #IndependentProsecutor now. All records need to be subpoenaed before they can be destroyed by @WhiteHouse
And u should shut the hell up... total obstructionist !! Pathetic
