I think we need a ban on all weapons manufactured with post-1789 technology. No, I ain't kidding.
Thank you! Founding fathers made the constitution talking about musket's, which I have no issue w/ppl having. N even then ppl had right to
No, they didn't. SCOTUS ruled. It's over. @ndn_liane @gamongold @SenSchumer @POTUS
Hate to tell ya even NRA is FOR new laws on bump stocks..
I know. :). I agree with them. Bump stocks ain't bullets, sweetie.  @ndn_liane @gamongold @SenSchumer @POTUS
Framers intentions for 2A are clear. If they'd meant muskets, they'd have written muskets. @ndn_liane @gamongold @SenSchumer @POTUS
You lied about the Founders. I set you straight.  @ndn_liane @gamongold @SenSchumer @POTUS
???
How about reinstatement of the assault weapon ban?
I know what! Let's make MURDER illegal. That'll stop this shit once and for all! 
Moron. How about let's just make it more difficult AT LEAST to get weapons that can kill 100's in minutes.
I am not a member of Antifa or any other group. I am a mother of 3 two if which r military, 1 spec ops, 1 sharp shooter n a college student
And your sons in the service thought Obama treated the military well? 
As a matter of fact YES. 45 is trying to CHARGE our incoming military for their GI bill! The recruiters have said w/o that they have nothing
Imagine millions babies in heaven, killed by Planned Parenthood an organization beholden 2 Democrats Saying “Save the babies Chuck, save us”
WTF has that got to do w/gun laws? Just like a 45 supporter, when you got no intelligent argument, change subject entirely! Lmao so stupid
The part U R missing is that I wrote a parody of Chuck U Schumer. Replace PP with NRA and he said the dead R in heaven saying act now on GC
So sorry didn't realize we were on a funny subject n making jokes after over 500 were hurt n 59 killed
Was making fun of Chuck U Schumer’s lame attempt at trying to be relevant.
45 sure seem's see's his relevance. 
I guess a black guy with a long criminal history using an illegally obtained gun doesn’t help your liberal agenda.
Prince was apprehended a short time ago in Delaware by ATF and allied law enforcement agencies. 
bump stocks do we know for sure he used one how do you aim with any accuracy DEM CONSPIRACY timelines off no info FEMA
Chuck- please reply - do you own a gun??  Do your bodyguards carry guns?  Is your life more important than mine?  I can’t protect myself?
You need a bumpstock to protect yourself?
You betcha!  I am a pretty important dude!
Are you handicapped maybe?
Or your aim might not be good I guess.
But the bump stock did not kill a single person.  The crazy dude did.
So you agree with this then?
That was you on the shooting range with a machine pistol ! You don't care about the goyim, though in Israel Jews can carry machine pistols.
@SenSchumer come out & Support
BanningAbortion @ 20wks Defy PlannedParenthood shun ThePoliticalContrib ManyBabiesInHeaven wld ThankYou #MAGA
Wrong conversation
Weird, this looks like politicizing a tragedy... Hard to do in this case when he used your policy and no gun to make it happen.
Hey Chuck, Don’t you have the authority to propose laws that represent our interests and protect us?  So what are your actions?  None I see.
The right points to gun violence in places like Chicago but has done nothing to limit the availability of guns.
Guns don't kill people, people kill people. Crazies can get guns and kill. Can't stop that. Black market is alive and well.
Keep quoting the NRA pitch line.  A person with a gun is exponentially more likely to injure someone (or self) than one without a gun.
So you're willing to throw your hands in the air and say that nothing can be done.  I refuse to believe that.  Other places have done it.
#democRATS

And #murder
They're all Democrats! None of them are members of the NRA! 

#WednesdayWisdom
http://atlantablackstar.com/2017/10/03/country-white-domestic-terrorist-nra-wants-make-sure-not-labeled/ … via @atlblackstar
Yeah so continue to punish law abiding citizens but allow our government and law enforcement to have fully automatic weapons to be able to KILL AMERICANS for oh say speeding.
We at least need a FBI report on the matter (since they're doing the investigation) before making laws based on the tragedy.
@realDonaldTrump is much too weak to make such a move.
Hey Bump Stocks aren't the problem - guns can be modified without them or didn't u know that stupid.
If 'bump stocks' become the ONLY change to our gun laws, it will be much like throwing paper towels to hurricane victims: not nearly enough.
Train constantly but still don't get these weapon's unless they are on the battlefield yet these moron's think it's their "right" to have
The "morons" who wrote and signed our constitution made it our right to own and bear arms. Not the NRA.  God bless America!
They weren't the " morons " the morons are the ones that believe they were talking about guns that shoot 600 bullets in less than 10 min
There hasn't been a legal gun that could do that since 1968 in this country.
Wow dude. You got it sooo wrong. Maybe you shouldn’t discuss this issue since you’re so ill-informed.
2 things are known for certain- he was a gun nut and a country music fan. Neither of which tend to vote dem.
Profile much??? Racist
HE COULDN'T DO THAT, HOW WOULD THEY LINE THEIR POCKETS WITH ALL THOSE DONATIONS FROM THE GUN LOBBYIST
Gun lobbyists give to DEMS and GOP! We need to get rid of the lobbyists.
Respectfully I would encourage proactively positive stances. We respect genuine care. Bringing up bump stocks a year ago for example.
But it was ok when Obama ATF allowed bump stocks?? Lmao. Pick a side. Flip flopper.
We grieve for the lost and wounded in this horrible tragedy.  However no law would have prevented it. Removing God from society is the cause
Come out @SenSchumer and support lowering tax cuts for middleclass American citizens, stop making middleclass pay for your dem illegals
Stay on subject sweetie. We're talking about banning a $50 piece that make a semiautomatic gun into a fin machine gun!
Sweetie?
Yes, it's a southern way of trying to be nice when you feel a need to correct someone. 
Ok, I understand,I love politeness and thank you for http://that.You  sound like a very nice person.Paddock would improvise&find way
Guess it’s not too soon to politicize a tragedy. #NYCTerroristAttack
Bump stocks were made for people with disabilities. U wish to punish the disabled?
Bump stocks and guns didn't kill those people the gunman did
But you supported Obamas ATF allowing them??? So confused. You dems need to pick a side & stick to it.
When someone gets hurt because of a piece of equipment, they sue the manufacturer. These guns kill. The victims must sue gun makers and NRA.
how about banning abortion.   time to channel some babies from heaven.  when will dem party stand up to planned parent hood lobby
Why can't you 45 supporters stay on subject? Maybe BC you have NO ARGUMENT so you just start talking about something else completely?
And no silencers!
Inform yourself Silencers do make noise. You can't stop crazies from killing anyone. Dems support killing of millions of babies each year.
I say to you to come out with the solution to Chicago. There's as many people killed there every month as was killed in Vegas. Act do someth
The problem in Chicago is everyone crosses the border to Indiana, which has pretty much no gun laws, to buy their guns.
Thetes a border between countries there??? Hmmm. Get a map. #BuildTheWall
But did Obama approve their legality? Sort of, but approved is probably the wrong word.
I say ban all automatic weapons and their accoutrements except for use by the military and/or psychologically profiled law enforcement!
Schumer, your beholden to plan parent hood. They kill a million babies a year. Why don't you man up!
@realDonaldTrump What about is Donald. Do you support banning Bump Stocks?
Obama and his ATF approved Bump Stock. You can't stop crazies from killing. We have a mental health issue in this country.
It is my right to bear arms but I don’t  I need a Military grade weapon to do so
Exactly! The real fight here is they want war weapons they say it's for protection when a rifle & hand gun in home invasions would suffice.
Right !! Might as well make it legal to own a tank and rocket launchers
Got a new rocket launcher, saving up for a new tank, getting a lot of miles on my old one!
Prime example of how we are going overboard
And that will make you feel better Chuck?  Until a criminal does what criminals do, ignore your law.  Change hearts not laws. Be real
Law is a way state the values of a society . We have laws against murder. Murder continues to happen,but the law still exsu
This is an almost ridiculously low bar, senator. It's not even gun control.  Can you try to get SOMETHING else as well?
Given this history of "gun control" is US, achieving a bump stock ban would be a near miracle
Did you know bump stock was approved under Obama and the ATF??? Dems support the killing of millions of babies each year! Hypocrites.
Товарищ «SCSOCAL», как вещи в вашем кабинете у Кремля? 46 градусов и легкий дождь в Москве
This country has gone down the rabbit hole when it comes to guns.  How did we get to a point of debating devices that turn assault style 1/
rifles into rapid fire weapons.  What is this insanity?
Someone tell this guy @CKaramatic
Trigger being depressed every time a shot is fired, legally semi auto. Don’t know what to tell you honey  
Haha what’s automatic then? Pulling the trigger each time, honey... Smh respond to that lady and do the interview!  I can’t wait 2 read it
Bump stock makes it automatic. Keep ignoring facts. PLEASE do the interview and respond. Dying to hear it
Automatic is one trigger puller for unlimited shots you just proved yourself wrong with your last comment
That’s what I’ve been saying! Bump stock makes it fully automatic, way to walk yourself back w/o admitting being wrong & do the intvw
You kept talking semi automatic & saying the bump stock doesn’t make it F/A, glad you’re coming around to the facts
What aren’t you understanding about this
We should remind Trump of what he said after Sandy Hook:
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
Yes. And CONFISCATE those already sold to customers. Why do middle aged white men need to purchase these? Perhaps worried about virility?
We have a Constitutional right to protect our selves and own guns. Did you miss that in school?? We are not a police state!
Tax the shit out of companies making profits out of these type of equipment.
Won't work because those intent on killing can go through black market. Guns don't kill people, people kill people, Suicide is 60% of deaths
psst.. it's legislation, donny. the trump vegas act. big winner. fame glory adoration.
Dems kill millions of babies each year by supporting planned parenthood! 60% of killings are suicides. Get the facts!
Feinstein carries a gun too! All Dems are such hypocrites! Yet they support PP and the killing of millions of babies each year!
Chuck, a Law to Ban Bump Stocks, by itself is not enough. No sales to criminals or mentally incapacitated people. Cntrl of how many weapons!
We already have those kinds of laws on the books. Who knows when people might go crazy and use their gun to kill. Can't stop that!
You certainly can make it much more difficult for people to kill others, with appropriate changes to the current law!
2/For example, making Bump Stocks illegal. By limiting the number of guns one can own. By not allowing people W/Mental problems to own one!
What about illegally obtained gun permits by many of your supporters
It did not make his weapon automatic Chucky.  Inform yourself please.
You and your security detail, turn in your weapons!
BTW,  ALL OF THE MASS SHOOTINGS were committed by DEMOCRATS!  New Law-  NO GUNS FOR DEMOCRATS, they are too EVIL to own guns!
I say, "why didn't YOU protest when Obama ALLOWED BUMP STOCKS?" #HYPOCRITE
Yeah, cause so many criminals are using these.  Holy shit, they are everywhere.
Schmuck, your transparent hypocrisy is glaring. IF Ucared, when dems had congress& presidency all 2 themselves, why didnt U do gun control?
No Chuck
Look swamp rat, it didn't make the guns automatic. Let's not BAN  anything with another  stupid law. Have the  ATF evaluate & make a ruling.
I say to @SenSchumer come out & support a law to ban abortion, the procedure loved by Democrats to slaughter 3,500+ innocent lives everyday.
I will turn in all my guns if they pass that law!! Well not all of them.  Lol  500,000 babies killed every year. Where you at Chuck?
How did these even become legal? Someone sleeping?
Obama made them legal. Look it up
I say to Chuck, come out N support a law that re evaluates mind alternating medications and prescriptions.
Hmm, congress looked at this in past, WHAT SIDE WAS YOU ON, THEN?
Seriously you are looking foolish, this weapon enhanced device was passed by Obama.
Let me get this straight.. There are laws against murder, terrorism, rape,  and robbery.... People who commit crimes DON'T CARE ABout LAWS
A voice for innocent babies? 2013 37.4% of all pregnancies ended by abortions in NY ALONE. 2014  926,240 babies murdered by abortion.
It's not surprising you use a tratagy for political purposes, but since you mentioned it I'm sure you have a connection w/dead dem voters.
He is not going to do that...he would rather take birth control away from women
What and destroy Obama's legacy
Don't be a stupid democrat be a man of America. Never watch CNN, MSNBC,ABC
"PLEASE GREW UP"
No gun laws prevents culprits. They always find a way
MR. SCHUMER DO U BELIVE THAT WILL STOP SHOOTINS
Instead they are too busy changing the laws put in place by the Obama administration#birth control coverage under employer#
Junior approved it when he was President
I say the #Democrats stop being a bunch of sneaky ass criminals. #Benghazi #Emails #Ukraine #IRS #DWS #AwanBrothers #MenendezTrial etc., etc
To all those who oppose bump-stocks, I dare you to go starling hunting without one. #bumpstock
You need to be talking about end the electoral college!!!!!!!
Please tell the POTUS to stop sales of all automatic rifles!
#
Criminals always obey laws, great plan!!
Look at Chicago!! Same number of African Americans die each month as did that horrible day in Vegas! Dems say nothing!!!
I SAY GROW SOME MADE IN THE USA BALLS AND BAN ALL GUNS EXCEPT SINGLE SHOT LONG GUNS

Hey Chucky! Your Boy Coward approved it!
ok chick if you resign
Why'd they become legal under @POTUS44 you had the votes and the pen. I say to YOU @SenSchumer you owe the American people a sincere apology
I say to YOU come out and say you will NEVER push for more gun control!  Not that you "can't" you "WON'T"!
Everyone with half a brain knows bump stocks do not increase rate of fire so ur pandering to the people who don't know the facts. A special kind of low life fools the people to get their way instead of educating them.
I say to you sir PLEASE...open your eyes. Stop the action by any device or means. Or next month it'll be some name other than bump stock...
I believe/agree w/a right 2 own
pistol/shotgun/rifle
4 Security & Hunting
But
6of10 households w/guns suffer accidental injury/death by gun
OK, ban a piece of molded plastic. Of course everyone's on board. Takes the pressure and focus off the REAL problem. Guns.
Translating 2cnd literally
means @ time written
Right 2 own a musket
IF
Ur part of a WELL REGULATED militia!
We need
#CommonSenseGunControl
"Arms" defined by law as contemporary military grade/design carried by the average army foot soldier. 1788 it was the Musket. Not so in 2017, 3017, 4017...
Yes guns evolved over 200yrs
will cont to
Our military has evolved
Highest funded in world

Exactly why "well regulated" needs evolving 2
2cnd has LIMITS!
NO right 2 a
machine gun/flame thrower/grenade, rocket launcher/etc
Public needs NO weapons of War
Billions/yr 2 military
You can make a bump stock from 3D printer and a leather belt. Feel good legislation once again
Weak Sauce!
Cars regulated, required
tests/license/insurance
No common sense regs w/Guns
made 2 kill
No test/license/insurance 
No ID? NP!

No you won't stop at just this device.  THE PROBLEM IS THE CRIMINALS. Non criminals don't break laws.
Better yet ban democrats from owning weapons.
BUMP STOCKS APPROVED UNDER OBAMA ADMINISTRATION JUST LIKE OBAMA CARE
He doesn’t have the guts because he is a coward
Ban ANYTHING that facilites conversion to automatic fire. You a..hole idiots will probably specifically name ONLY bump stocks.
Bump stocks legalized by Obama Admin. They do not turn weapons to Automatic, but do increase speed of fire. Anyone with 3D printer can make.
With you on the bump stocks, they never should have been legal,but let's not be distracted from the real issues of gun control.
And I say to the media, stop presenting how to lessons on bump stocks.
OK, so killing singles per shot is ok bt in bunch of 50s shd be declared unlawful  why not #bantheguns all2gthr? Or scared of the gun-libby
Hey Chuck, are you going to ban rubber bands, too?
You would have to be a democrat to not know how stupid and useless this actually is.........
Cry-Baby Chuck that's the first thing you've said that makes any sense, I think we can all agree on that
@SenSchumer because you are a Democrat he will oppose it. The people be damned, this is America’s governance. #SteveBannon #StevenMiller
I support that if done correctly. But none of the other bs dems want to water down the 2nd amendment!
I say, bring back the Brady bill.

Don't hold your breath Chuck, he is not a leader.  He follows the scum of society.
Bump stocks were approved by the ATF under Obama administration. No one heard ur opposition then.
Bump stocks do not make any gun automatic.  Proves you don't know enough about the subject to make any statement.
Weapons don't kill THE PEOPLE that use them KILL
They make automatic weapons with out bump stops  you need to control the black market if you really wanna change things
Chuck, do something. There is so much chaos and destabilization. Something is bound to go very wrong with NK, Iran or God knows what else.
I say to you not enough ! ban assault style rifles not require on a range or for hunting
We also need background checks!
Limiting the issue to bump stocks is ridiculous. You need to be talking about reinstating the assault weapons ban

Any accessory to increase rate of fire of a semi-auto weapon should be banned. Bumper Stocks or trigger cranks.
Funny you voted for them when Barry was POTUS. We are watching you Chuckie
I say to Chucky. Come out and support a law banning abortion of innocent children since you are so worried about innocent people dying 
Gotta go with Chucky on this one.....ban the bump.
You can thank the Obama Administration for giving the green light on the bump stocks. No real thought process there
I say to @realDonaldTrump  come out and support Kurdish people. Save us from monsters Iran -turkey -Iraq
Defend the Constitution genius not politicize it
You are so pro-active Chuck. Nothing gets past you puppet man.
And, Senator Schumer, I say it's time for Dems in Congress to rise up as one voice and denounce the hell out of this so-called president.
I'm not able to retwert this. Happens a lot...very suspect.
My comment?  Weird. What does that mean?
Yes! It's like some of our comments are sensored be4 they can grow. Be interested to know if any 1 else can retwert this one.
Thanks! This is the first time someone has said this about my tweets.
While banning bump stocks would be good, it's a mere pebble in the middle of an ocean. BAN ASSAULT RIFLES. PERIOD.
It's pointless Chuck. You can 3D Print these. You have to make owning them a Felony!
It’s pretty low hanging fruit on the tree of death. But I think that’s asking a lot from a trump.
keeping calling out Trump.
Yea, Chuck, you're really putting your butt on the line here.
Senator next time you tweet, please use @FPOTUS. F stands for FAKE.
You should be pushing to ban the sale of these guns. No one needs this type of weapon except the military.
Really? Just the "bump stocks"? Won't make a damn bit of difference. Need to get rid of semi auto guns period.
NRA.  $46 million..to trumps campaign..he's not going to change 0. Owned by russia..
Owned by nra..disgrace
NOT ENOUGH!

Mr.@SenSchumer please stop trying  @realDonaldTrump  he does not want to work with u http://anymore.You  have served your purpose
JOBS!
@SenSanders @SenFranken @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris @SenBooker @SenateDems @NancyPelosi  @HouseDemocrats 
25th AMENDMENT / IMPEACH =!
A lunatic will always find something worse to use, instead you look for an easy answer.
I say DEMS need to get serious about real change. BAN ALL ASSAULT WEAPONS...stop with the pretending!!
I don't care if he does or not. Let's do this.
#bumpstock is an end run around the law.
Liability on gun owners and manufacturers. Tighten up the registry. Charge anyone who lets kids get their hands on guns.
Let's go for bigger game than a $100 accessory, Chuck.
Simple. Auto weapons illegal. Any device making auto or simulating auto should be illegal. 2nd amend. doesn't cover accessories.
It covers muskets!
They didn't make the weapons automatic, but otherwise agree.
Good luck with that one.
Reminds me of our CA almond growers promising 25% water savings. Useless when using 80% of Potable CA water.
Wow don't you know your man Obama approved this law? And you are against it? I am amazed.
Chucky Boy READ the CONSTITUTION 2nd Amendment was written to protect Americans from people like YOU
Chuck should learn more about firearms before he passes laws! Ask Jimmy Kimmel
I say to @POTUS come out & ban dumb senators, the mod. used by the democrat gunman to make idiots believe it's a gun issue. #termlimits
Damn Chuck your twitter comments have been taken over by Russian bots. Or Rethuglicans. Same difference these days.
Not enough #senschumer. Push for more!!!!
Nope. He's too busy rolling back birth control.
My Q schumer is are u only banning the legal bump stocks ? Or both legal & illegal bump stocks ! I'm betting just legal because ur lame
Ban guns from Democrats Chuck.  We are keeping ours. Thanks
Chuck we have worse trouble than even guns today! An unstable Russian Experiment is running amuck in the White House! Help us protect us!


Even if you ban guns totaly the bad guys will still have them.
I say to all of you, not enough, NOT NEARLY ENOUGH.  #GunControlNow
I’m still waiting for a comment against Russia isn’t going to happen the base will not allow it
Example of fake news. Bump stock doesn't make weapon automatic.
TRUMPS  FIRST ACT AS PRES. MADE IT EASIER FOR MENTALLY ILL TO GET GUNS SO BAN BUMP STOCKS  TO KEEP AMERICA SAFE FROM THIS VIOLENCE AGAIN?
Push harder Senator. We need an assault weapon's ban.
Bumpstocks are a tiny part of problem. Reinstitute ban on assault weapons. Be courageous Senator. Do the right thing.
Sure. Doesn’t matter tho. You’re using this as political brownie points while ignoring the issue
Him and the other @gop won’t cause they get paid big bucks by @NRA
Wow going out on a limb on that one chuck. Even Trump supporters agree to get rid of whatever a bump stock is.
It's not the stocks @SenSchumer  you can get the same effect by hooking a finger in belt loop and pulling trigger it's the guns!
Congress needs to do a lot more than just ban bump stops!
You dems are trying to mislead the whole nation. you are a deceiver and a lair. you need to go. term limits are needed
Bump stocks are the tip of the iceberg. Ban all assault weapons NOW!
Only a start. Responsible gun legislation is what Americans need and want.
STAY ON THIS!!!!
