find it frightening you stand with baby killers. if everyone is going to have healthcare pp will be obsolete unless for abortion
with universal health care we won't need PP, until then low income women depend on it for health care
and what healthcare do they depend on that PP provides? If there was no PP where would they go? they'd find a doc
sorry, but planned parenthood offers free health care for low income women, a doctor charges, duh
clinics do the same, per PP "Some" health centers are able to charge according to income. Most accept health insurance & Medicaid
you obviously don't live in very rural areas. Yes, clinics will charge based on income but PP is free for all help
wrong,  if uninsured Fees are determined on a sliding scale, based on your household income and family size
Obviously you don't live in a rural area, clinics charge based on all that but PP is free. I lived in rural area, these are facts.
ppl who think it is all about abortions are uneducated! PP saved my life when I didn't have insurance and had precancerous cells
LIAR!
Nikky -- you know dealing with a nut when they use all caps like Trump.
Too stupid to understand EMPHASIS! TRY A DICTIONARY.
I have a masters degree, so I think I know more about dictionaries than you Sir.
I believe you mean existence. I have to wonder what happened in life to make you so hateful.
you Democrats are happiest when you are killing babies
What are you talking about??
How many children have to die to satisfy you? Is PP not killing them fast enough for you?
it appears, Brother J, we have been blocked by @CathleenHolt15. 
"Reality is harsh to the feet of Shadows" ~ CS Lewis
She must be busy preventing "unwanted pregnancies" or she is doing the math on my question of how many dead is "too much"
You are too old to be so misinformed.sad!
What's sad is you support murdering babies but not serial killers. Typical pathetic liberal.
Baby killers and sellers of baby body parts???  Stand with them?  Not sure what your personal values are, but we certainly don't share them!
Brainwashed right wing troll.
I DO NOT STAND WITH PLANNED PARENTHOOD .........GOD !
Would you have stood with the SS in Nazi German?  Does PP support you with $$ they get from Feds?
take two baby parts and call me inntge morning. Stand with killers. Providing no other services but death
Oh malarkey Research your tweet Ppl with prostates and no compassion don't getta vote Instead hand out condoms
Referring to me like that Darling is exactly what demeans Trump voters Don't let Vulgarity make you seem ignorant
no sorry only being descriptive. Keep trying. Hate is owned by the liberals\democrats, Lying since they held slaves
Was married to a man w a trump personality Con Liar Narcissist Coward Cheat User Abuser Thief and he wasnt a Dem
so by your argument if one is, all are. I see more liberals beating up Trump supporters, rioting. Your argument lacks
Ok so where are you seeing this? Lacking Ted Bundy was a psychopath Same as all psychopaths Right doesn't need snark
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
@PPact We need an election for women ONLY to vote on Planned Parenthood. The supporters for PP will win. Let the women speak!
U kidding, chuck? Don't think I support terminating babies' lives before they have chance to be born. Do you? Curious now
yes send your grand daughter  for free  abortion there, they  may give you money for the body parts.
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @senategop @HouseGOP No. I do not support tax dollars being given to organization that murders unborn children.
Really?  Senator Schumer, being human, felt compelled to, and spoke to what probab felt evil
Margaret Sanger - RACIST
Are they the one who selling fetus organs?
I don't stand with people who kill more black baies than any other means. Racist Eugenics
I DON'T stand with the baby killers. PP is immoral and disgusting.
The Repooplicans should just stay out of & far away from @PPact, period! They need to leave it the hell alone!
MURDERER!
I'm right there with you.
it's simple stop using my tax payer dollars for planned parenthood abortions!
No federal money is used for abortions.  Try reading the Hyde Amendment.  Don't you people read anything?
Seriously? tax dollars for capX releases money they set aside for CapX to fund abortions! It's all under one roof!!!
Establishment Clause of 1st Amend disallows Congress from favoring one religion over another-CANNOT IMPOSE their belief system
Bless you -- I stand with Planned Parenthood.
Nope, sorry. We value LIFE LIBERTY and the Pursuit of Happiness for all. LIFE IS NON PARTISAN, it IS PRECIOUS
See there. You're still ALLOWED to have an opinion about that. Until they decided women shouldn't have an opinion.
Judgement isn't left to US Love the sinners Hate what you perceive as sin Shoving religion is not a solution
yu are correct, i dont believe in religion, i do believe in the Word of YAH above all else.
beep bop boop bipidity bop.
dont be and #AngryBird now. Choice is a gift, with consequence .
I am amazed at the stupid comments against PP from people who know nothing about PP. low income women depend on PP
You're the ignorant one in this thread. You only "know" what they tell you.
really and you know bull, I worked with PP to help girls get birth control
Most repooplicans REDUNDANTLY preach they don't want government to control healthcare. HOWEVER they have their claws out for PP!
How about a RT for #MedicareForAll? Better yet: co-sponsor HR 676!
Call your R senator, tell them to vote NO today on HJ Res 43-Title X rule protecting access to family care
Baby killer you will pay
Margaret Sanger hated blacks. FACT. Democrats founded KKK. Fact! Cuck Schumer serves himself! FACT! #GBA God Bless America
Ur a murderer of innocent babies.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/03/29/flashback-in-2013-chuck-schumer-argued-against-obstruction-of-nominees-no-matter-whos-in-power/ …
you stand with Corporate Greed as well
and the beat goes on Expose them every day !!!
you might but those aborted kids never will
we can tell how much money do you get to sell baby parts
NYC Langone has free services for women. They do not cell baby body parts. PP will perform late term abortions = murder.
U stand for the murder of unborn humans and think the American taxpayer should be contributing to the organization that does it
should feel grateful to stand. Abortion not legal when you were born. Millions with no voice. Schumer..tsk,tsk Of all people.
It's like the persecution in Nazi Germany without the physical evidence. Sold or discarded. I'm disgusted. You are disgusting.
You stand with those who murder babies, nothing to be proud of..
Your lack of compassion for unborn infants slaughtered by abortion is a shame you will carry for eternity.
Oh lobbyist; there's a lobbyist; oh wait Trump bad Dems good; there's another lobbyist yippee
PP can keep killing babies But do not make America pay for them.
Evelyn Farkas
We LOVE you Chuck!
Simple is something you are very familiar with CHUCKY-go home
.....As we all should!
Chuck stands with abortion but not with women. He assaults them in public and refuses to apologize. Maybe drinking problem?
You stand with the killing of over 51,000,000 babies. That's equal to 20% of the population of the US. Disgraceful!
It's simple:  today and everyday I stand with LIFE of babies over DEATH of babies. RT if you do, too.
Not here - if they stuck to providing for women's health fine - abortions no - seems to be their moneymaker!
So you condone & endorse murder but encourage law breaking by your sympathizers & respect for the US taxpayers?
you stand with satan you Edomite
Planned Parenthood oxymoron Abortion is only service they consistently provide
Not! No more than I would stand with The devil!!!
Nice stand
your tricks are getting old. Pp is done.
I don't. Time for this private company to stop leeching of the federal govt.
I stand with God and the lives of unborn babies.
Chuck, I'm curious.R U one of the persons on "the hill" that Loretta Lynch was referring to, besides Hillary of course??
It is time to stop the murder of new born babies and selling their  parts
did the Russians make you say this
when U agree with RIPPING BABIES out of the womb, pulling the babies apart, when alive + crying, selling parts, God will punish


you stand with just about everything that is wrong.
Retweet if you side with people who dismember babies so they die in womb?? ARe you kidding me? You are one sick person
Thank you, Senator!  Planned Parenthood does so much to prevent cancer!
- Too bad your mother chose life in your case.
How many MURDERED babies will be on your hands on judgement day?
you would sell your own grandkids for a lousy vote!
OBGYN doctors. Fanned fangled phone.
We have medical clinics all over the country. Planned parenthood funding could be used to hire more female on gun doctors.
Come on man. Chuckie you're pathetic
NOPE, NOT, NO WAY!
Why would Any decent human being agree with murder and funding from our tax dollars.
.. wrong Chuck ... they will lose because they are wrong
perfect! Produce a new deduction 4 abortions only-those that wish to contribute-contribute, those that don't-don't WHC-separate
Schmucko berated woman at restaurant, so quick push PP propaganda. Loves him some #abortion -excellent diversion. #UncivilRights
you who pretend to love the truth refuse to look at what really goes on at PP & don't even try to tell me, my bf works there!
Then by your logic, your best friend should be burning for eternity in hell, no?  And you for being her friend?
absolutely not.  It is a money-maker for its leaders and ethically and morally objectionable to the rest of us.
career politician standing against unborn children. Sad sad sad.

http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/planned-parenthoods-swanky-20-million-office-space-proves-they-dont-need-taxpayer-money/article/2618789 …
I stand with @SenSanders U have 521K followers #bernie has 6 mil-what does that tell you-and that's just one of his accts #2020

planned parenthood prevent and terminates the reproduction of welfare bastards!  I'm for that!!
#TermLimits  chuckie #Maga
It serves a very big need in our country.
Hey boys ideology based on myth is not what Tom George John Ben based Our Constitution on You gentlemen don't get to dick-tate
Celebrating MURDERERS and BLOOD-SUCKING VAMPIRES...
Clumps of cells aren't babies You guys should pool your resources and travel OUR country handing out condoms That's a solution
Please Chuck run for President against Trump. I would just suggest not crying during the debates.
of course you would...it involves children
You like to stand with killers, PP the largest killers in America. You stand with Illegals and Muslims. #SenSchumerIsAPOS
Chuckles The UpChucker...Always remember this...." Neil Gorsuch WILL be confirmed to The SCOTUS...WILL BE....don't forget that!
what if your Mom had an abortion?  The PP founder was a Hitler sympathiser who advocated eugenics
for welfare recipients of NYS.Have you looked at their programs. Abortion and birth control.  No prenatal care. You are a fool.
kick backs must be amazing
You Rock!!!
Yeah, everyone knows you stand with baby butchers.
- founder of PP was an elitist racist. Sanger wanted genocide of blacks & other "undesirables" who were a drag on society.
#BloodOnYourHands
cry baby 
Thank your for your support of PP.
oh hell no! #IStandWithLife today & everyday! No sacrificing to #Moloch here! #PPSellsBabyParts
yet more proof that you're not a nice man, in addition to you berating a Voter at a swanky restaurant! #Democrat #FakeNews
Killing babies is what you stand for????
You support murder!
- So......basically you're saying you support population control. Ultimately, isn't this why abortion is legal.
  Go  in your hat.
hope you get a big check from ss oberfurer george soros for that one - chucky
yes. And your mother should have used it....

wish your mother would of went there before you were born
TodayYOU stand with the largest government subsidized program that engages in genocide of millions of American black babies!Sick
you would stand with them Robbie to your liberal base. I thought harry Reid was worse person on earth...u top him
Kill them babies!  Wonder how many are Black?  Since that is why PP was created-eliminate unfit: minorities, handicapped etc.
u kill baby's . U will get what's comeing to u when u meet GOD !
You're a Salami.
I don't support the murder of children!
baby killers
you are off the rails. Selling baby parts? Bye bye all respect for you. Schmuck.
So you are into killing Baby's? Shame on you !!
nothing good comes from child killing. All the euphemisms can't change that. Govt has no biz paying for child killing.
POWERLESS YOU ARE #INYESHUASNAME! Here comes Judgement. Did you stand on the wrong side of HIS STORY?
can you some how relate this to cancer screening?
Cancer is abortion, so is sin causing death. Life always wins in the End
you need to be voted out of office
#DefundPP
Awesome 
not me!! What do the pay u 2 Say that
