All I heard was, “this new budget would move us closer to not being in debt”
Why don't we use our tax money on good things, instead of squandering it on military and corp. welfare. All about the money right?
We don’t have the money to do this. We’re borrowing money to run these programs. This is creating a big problem. D’s and R’s keep spending
Then tax appropriately most everyone will need it before the end of their lives
that would mean lowering taxes across the board which dems don’t want to do because being rich is bad.
Being rich isn't bad, but along with our lax laws that allow them to be rich, should be a sense of rspnsblty to American, in paying fair tax
All Americans should pay taxes in my mind. But the top 20% pay almost all govt taxes and govt revenue. Top 20% isn’t multi billionaires.
They have 80 percent of wealth we need to even that out
Medicare isn’t even part of the budget for Christ’s sake! Thieves, all of them!
Kinda wondering what the heck they are putting $$ into, since it clearly isn't hurricane relief, healthcare or gun control...
Their own fucking pockets, making themselves more richer, and they don't give a dam who they kill for it.
How many people in ny scam Medicare? Countless
@SenateMajLdr @RepDennyHeck  The Repub's Tax Plan is unacceptable!!
Exactly!!!
No it just destroys planned parenthood! No more free abortions!
They love free stuff.
And who are you to determine the ppl loves free shit. You're probably the first in line for free shit.
No free shit here. I'm not a Democrat.  Never been on any kind of welfare.
So you need to be thanking god you can live comfortable, because your ass can get in that same position that these poor people are in.
More control of us!!!
Good. About time we adhere to the Constitution and let the fee market prevail.
This is not ok, now or ever!
Why? Why do they always go for this? No friends/relatives impacted? Do they even care?
No they don't care as long as they can line their pockets to make them more richer, and they do not care who has to die to get it.
But $10 billion for a wall
CRIMINAL TURTLE
Of course it would, everything the GOP does is to get rid of any/all humane services for nonrich Americans.
@ErnestBrewerJr2 this is why  I need to leave this country
That's sad.
Yes it is. It makes me angry that I'm the one who has to leave and not djt and his cronies
Are you from this country?
You negative tweeters, if you are in the 50% that pay Federal income tax, PLEASE feel free to send all you want to your Uncle Sam.
Good. Fed govt isn't supposed to be in health care.
gee u mean the free-be takers would have to work for once!
#medicare #Medicaid #TheResistance
this is nothing but a lie.The voters see this and know you don't care about the people or this country.Your hatred to the president is bad
Nice non partisan site.
How many seniors do they want to die per day? Do they have a unit price on each one ? Money money money
Progressives = Communists! !
In god we trust all else send data?
The Family Values Party, just as long it's a family they really value. Mostly just their own.
A joke that is very SAD !
Good time to get rid of Medicaid all together!
Look at the bright side. The contribution the wealthy make with their tax breaks.
Considering this slobbering old man, no one should be surprised. He's lived off the public dollar for years. He's despicable.
Because the @GOP would rather you fix ur health issues with more guns & bullets so you can shoot dem germs dead. #NRATerrorism
Current estimated outlays to just Medicare for next 5 years: $3.6T; national defense for next 5 years: $3.4T
I REST MY CASE. Repubs decimating the ACA piece by piece, starting w M-caid & M-care.I knew it.So help me, I'm beginning to read their minds
Outlays for Medicare over 10 years are what, $8 Trillion? So a $473 Billion reduction over the same time frame is 6%. Hardly a decimation
Where exactly is health care in the Constitution again?
Do you know the definition of decimate Chuckie? Look it up. Stop the DEMagoguery.
And God Bless them for that effort.
Lies. Not allowing a budget to increase 10 fold over the next 5yrs is far from decimate. It's called fiscally responsible.
This has been on the top of their wish list for decades. Why is anyone surprised?
If that's true, why does CMS show INCREASED SPENDING? https://www.hhs.gov/about/budget/fy2018/budget-in-brief/cms/medicare/index.html …
It seems as if, since the GOPers don't read they think the Democrats don't either
Because of course it would.
It's a start in decimating Obamacare, every bit of it should be thrown out... A ragged piece of legislation of rationed healthcare.
Well, yeah, they are going to have to pay for those tax cuts for millionaires somehow.
False- Lies NOT True! FAKE NEWS!
You poor dear...
The vilest of the vile hold seats in Congress. They will keep trying. They will keep working against the interests of Americans.
I guess sick or dead victims can't vote so "what? me worry"..GOP mantra
Those billionaires are the priority, not poor people. Not the hungry, not American  children. Excuse me while I barf.
The wealthy always energize the economy, you must be on drugs if you think anyone on food stamps can energize the economy..
You said Obamacare would save us money yet it is bottomless money pit with no benefit for working only helps illegals
Thanks #POTUS everyday for proving how UNHINGED the left is #cnn
False what u & obama did to the American debt for 8 yrs has decimated Medicare & Medicaid all ur giveaways 2 daca & illegals decimated us

I don't believe you.  You are a DRAMA QUEEN & SCARE MONGER
This is because the Wealthy Republicans need the Medicare and Medicaid funds to pay for their top of the line private Health-care Plans
No. This article is Dems and Washington swamp trying to keep their redistribution of wealth, and pay their healthcare cronies.
This says it all ... nothing to add
Show me in the Constitution where this is true and I am on your side. Untill then. Lies and partison politics. And nothing more.
Who needs healthcare? Apparently not children, the elderly, or the poor.
Trump promised no cuts to medicare, medicaid or Social security; one of his major campaign promises. Also promised Mexico would pay for wall
Or maybe it would make others work harder to catch the massive fraud that occurs. Bit you being a politician couldn't care less about fraud
They don't care.
Hey but as long as they have their healthcare who cares about anyone else?
Rich Republicans don't need health insurance.. They pay for concierge care.. Kind of a secret
@gop @leadermcconnell THROW THE BUMS OUT!!!!!!!!!!
It never stops with them. Voters wake up and stop voting Repub!!
There will be more outcry from the people!!! Fuck the GOP!!!
Vote them out!
Who needs citizens....young or old?
decimating Medicare and Medicaid is the government equivalent of climbing a tower with a rifle and shooting people.  Government terrorism.
