I welcome Pres Trump’s effort to join our fight to crack down on unfair Chinese trade practices that hurt American aluminum producers.
Your fight?  Democrats had years to crack down all you did was kiss up to China.
If that's the case why didn't the Obama administration enforce it for the past 8 years.
Haha. Stealing @POTUS agenda as you attempt to undermine him?
Please put wind trees in Floyd Bennet Field. ConEd is killing us with excessive bills.
Chuck your sounding like the potus, are you turning into a republican?
That would be a great point if it wasn't EXACTLY what Trump is doing.  I'm pretty good about not letting the cooter coalition get to me.....
It's just politics after all. But this reliance upon the ignorance of the public to score political points is getting very old.
WOW what a flip from past positions
All of a sudden u care about things made in the USA. What a crock of shit. Where were u when our jobs were vanishing thnx to Clintons  phony
F/U schumer don`t take ANY responsibility 4 What Trump is trying 2accomplish for OUR USA..Not UR USA what U & B/O tried to do to us. Last 8y
THANKS for the info. Please let's speak out more Trump is planning to mine r federal lands and sell it to Russia & China
WOW! Where do you get your fake news???  that's funnier then most of CNN stories!
I know..! Lol.. that is a funny one..!! Donkey dems.. #NEVERAGAINALEFTPOTUS
Who woke you up? Oh, I know. #MAGA
Why don't you join the @potus's efforts to make America Great Again for a change?  Your policies were a failure!  Give him a chance!
Gee shortage due to high taxes. Lower taxes , bring back businesses, problem solved
Quit trying to ride #TrumpsAmerica coattails Chuck. You've had years to fight for American aluminum and hadn't done so. #resignschumer
Youve never cared before. Dont pretend to care now. Hack
You don't give a crap about the American people !!
Over 100 tweets, zero followers, no picture...and railing on a Democrat.

Hello comrade, what sort of bot are you?
Get bent !
Haha...ok Bot.
I LEARNED ALONG TIME AGO THAT THERE IS NO DEBATING WITH EVIL !!
Did you learn about caps lock around the same time?
You got nothing dork, your vain and pathetic, but I know you think your o-so bright . Tell me this, who is God ?
You're* 

Were you educated by DeVos with grammar like that?
You're late to the party, Chuck.
.
You need to stop spending so much time with Anthony Molester Weiner.
Becoming a trumpeter.  Catch up to the rest of us.
Of course.  Isn't that Trump's idea? Glad to see you on-board with Trump
Where've you been Chuck? How many years have you been in office and not cared about this again?
When did you ever care about what was made in the USA? Don't believe a word out of your mouth. You've lost all credibility chuckie.
Why didn't you do more for the aluminium companies over the past 8 years and stop the bleeding before it became catastrophic?
Chuck you need to grow up and smell the coffee.  A nation divided will not and can not stand.  It's not about politics, it's about people
And you didn't do a damn thing during your umpteen years in Congress. Now that someone is trying to address it, you're on the bandwagon. SAD
So,you have been a member of Congress since 1980. What tangible steps,please offer examples,have you initiated to support this?
Duh!!!
You never cared before?? Whazup with this?
You support Trump
it will do when tax is 15% and allow companies to grow and compete in USA and across the world
NO SHIT  LOL
We need for all of you to put your differences aside and work together for the good of our nation!
You were all elected to represent us! America doesn't care about political affiliations! We care about how it is for us everyday!
Mr. SCHUMER if you care about our country be constructive instead of combative! It's time for unity!
Glad you agree with at least 1 thing trump is doing! But see how even when you're trying to do something good it gets twisted?
But you tax the businesses out of NY you clown. Pull your head out
Omg!!!you are batheticresign already!!! X democrat
Blah blah blah
Don't normalize him. We need an investigation of #Trumprussia
Whoa That's what Trump said. Where you been the past 8 year's
Wow you finally said something worth a dam.
Finally you are at least standing in line for a ticket to board the Trump Train. #RightDirection
Now you are echoing Trump language. It's about time Chuck. That didn't hurt to bad. Now get busy and work with POTUS for America not against
The bigger picture Chuck is made in America.
So you are now on Trumps team?  Good for you Chucky.
omg are you agreeing with trump on something?!
"That's what he said" aka Trump
You didn't think this when you suck buddy obama was in there
Smartest thing you've ever said.
If you think should be made in USA then why did you and Obama let GM move to China? You are all talk with no action the norm for Dems
Does that mean we get to tear down Trump Tower which was made with said materials?
Sounds like you would like to Make America Great Again Senator. Welcome aboard!  Knew you'd come around!
Thanks if that is really the case. All I know these crazies chanting ppl don't represent the Dems. They can't even put a sentence together!
umm, but global warming Chuck.  Ya ain't gonna make aluminum out of sunshine and wind.
How about ALL goods from Trump grifter clan
How nice of you to wake up Chuckie. How come you are just talking about it now?
To bad it took the POTUS to make you realize that! Without him you would be clueless.
I hope New York is specifically excluded from any agreements.
Where the hell have you been?? NON STARTER Chuck, you have been the problem. Shut up and get out of the way!
Don't you want globalization? Does this mean you are now for protectionism
Novelis is an awesome company.  Pays a good wage and is on leading edge of technology development
Does that mean your for using non recycled metals to cost
Agree
Just like they did with Obama. Chuckie what a hypocrite you are.
but only if the price is comparable to overseas material. If not, the costs of goods will rise, affecting the middle class
Chuckles!!
What are you doing your supposed to be pounding the 100 day narrative
Sen. See we can agree on some things.
That sounds nationalist, Schumer. Democrats don't love America. There's no fvcking way you posted this. You're a globalist, not an American.
Wow a democrat actually promoting "made in the USA"? Who hacked your account, Schumer? I don't believe this was posted by you.
Chuck, stop crying for foreigners, start working for American people!
You and your corrupt party sold this country down the river at every chance and now you pretend to care ?
Thanks but already being worked on
Sounds like Alcoa and Novelist just made a contribution to ol Chuck. Would explain this out of character statement.
Term limits
Every now and then you do good. But less trump hating and more solutions
Tell that to HYPOCRITE @realDonaldTrump
so why have you not said this for the past 8 years chuckie???
Looks like your campaign donations from Alcoa and Novelis are going to #Trump2020
Day late and a dollar short. #POTUS already took care of that. Where were you when our Aluminum companies needed you? In the pocket of $$$
Schumer could care less about #MadeInUSA He's a globalist, not an American. Democrats hate America and patriotism.
Why though? Americans should get cheap materials and use money saved to build more infrastructure.
Yeah Schumer:MAGA! *+^
why weren't you concerned about this under Obama all you wanted to do then was send it all out
Lol
Texas has aluminum smelters,
In fact, not many companies left in ny now are there! 
MS13 headed your way though,
Fence is still leaking
What a novel idea, use American products first.  I worked in the Al industry in the 70s & 80s.  A great experience.
Where have you been for the past 8 years.  DID YOU JUST WAKE UP?  President Trump  is MAGA.
There are other companies that made this product; you were in congress you should have done something. This country is bigger than NY
Tell @realDonaldTrump. He loves Chinese steel.
It's one of the only things you've ever said that's made sense , congratulations
Ha!!!! It's made primarily from bauxite. How do you make bauxite?
A lot of steel used in buildings in NYC come from UAE, Italy and other parts of the world.
Term limits chuck.
Now you are coming around. Get behind the tax plan. You have NO plan!
Yea now that Trump has lifted the choking regulations Obama enacted!
How about we just NASCAR the Congress, with logo'd hats & jump suites so everyone knows who our reps are really working for.
Too bad more and more business are driven out of NY by absurd leftist policies.
@POTUS
@SecretaryRoss
@jennybethm
@cvpayne
@LouDobbs
@GOP
Then why did you do something about it during the last 8 years? Come on, tell us!
Sen. Schumer is nailing the message today. Dems need more of this.
He's just trying to grab onto ACTIONS already taken by President Trump today. Dems have no job message...
Ты не очень хороший тролль, русская лягушка.
Your late Chucky, Trump already did it!
That's the things @POTUS Is trying to do but you smucks keep getting in the way! #demsdoyourjob #timetoretirechucky #gojoinHarry #earyourpay
What is it exactly that you do? Besides just “calling for” stuff? Are you in charge of “calling for?” #blowhard
Trump admin would prefer we just get it from Abramovich
Thanks Chuck - good idea!
You definitely prove that the elderly, although slow, and dangerous behind the wheel, can serve a purpose
Hilarious you are! You have made every effort to help companies outsource these jobs!
OMG did a ufo land & switch bodies w commi terrorists Schumer?
free market,  competition, government is trying to control??? this is london???
Ask @realDonaldTrump about all of the steel he brought in from RUSSIA recently ... WHY? What about #MAGA? And Made in the USA? He is a LIAR!
Trump is coming up with every distraction in the book away from Russia scandal. Time to start making progress. Indict.
HAHA Like you care. You care about one thing.... OPPOSE
Which by the way is killing your chances for 2020 and beyond
Glad to see you are finally with the #MadeinUSA program!
We should be limiting our use of aluminum which has been linked to possible Alzheimers &other disabilities of the aged
If @realDonaldTrump didn't buy Chinese products we would have more business for American companies.
This is just stupid. I hope the rest of the world will start playing the same protectionist game.
Why would you want that? Look at balance of payments. In 2016 we had $11 billion deficit with Canada alone. Seem fair to you?
In 2016, U.S. trade with foreign countries was $4.9 trillion: $2.2 trillion in exports and $2.7 trillion in imports of goods and services.
Pander pander pander. Pander pander? Pander pander pander pander please re-elect me pander pander.
We also need to return to being a nation of CREATORS and not just consumers.
We are a nation of creators! US Industrial output and agricultural output are at record levels.
I live in NYC our number one export is paper garbage. We use to manufacture
Nation of creators, not NYC of creators.
Finally something we agree on! American steel should be used to build the wall at our southern border.
Since when are you a made in America guy Chucky
hey, I agree with you there :-)
Agreed get on it.  Did you mention this to Obama the last 8 years
We should also employ H2B workers instead of allowing seasonal employers to hire undocumented workers. #Saveh2B
Agreed.
