Former Director Mueller is exactly the right kind of individual to serve as special counsel in the Russia investigation.
I now have significantly greater confidence that the investigation will follow the facts wherever they lead.
You lie to Americans with your false accusations with absolutely no proof! You underestimate how much we love our POTUS and we will fight
A special counsel is very much needed to investigate the clintons and John podesta
You need to leave and get a real job. Try waitering. You wasted your law degree working in politics.
#BEING ANTI EVERYTHING REPUBLICANS DO HURTS US CHUCK! YOUR WAY DOES NOT WORK LEARN FROM RIGHT AND HELP OUR PARTY DIVISION WILL HURT US MORE!
To bad Dems would NOT do same about HRC.
.Let's not sugar coat this, call it what it really is...SPECIAL PROSECUTOR, calling it "counsel" makes it sound warm and fuzzy.THIS IS A BFD
That's not what the office is called from a legal standpoint
Where was this call for justice when Hillary and Barack ran wild? You're a despicable hypocrite!
You are blind to keep supporting Trump the con artist...
You are wrong to assume.  Pointing out facts related to Democrats does not make for blind support of admin. Pointing out hypocrisy!
In the minds of some you can't be objective, you have to be a partisan and pick a side because that's what they do
#WHEN WILL OUR PARTY REALIZE THAT IT IS BEST TO WORK WITH THE OTHER SIDE WHEN WHAT THEY DO WORKS! JOIN DON'T BREAK LEARN FROM IT AND GROW! STOP HATE IT HURTS US!
#Tucker A special counsel is needed to determine if Chuckles the Clown Schumer is mentally fit to run for the next election.
@SenSchumer just shut up already. What piece of legislation have you pushed? What have you done for this country besides bitch about @POTUS
Chuck you're an idiot
I think you mean "the right's hate", fixed it for you
*Both Sides

Now it's truly fixed
Special Prosecutor.Special Prosecutor.Special Prosecutor.
Counseler
If it were it would be spelled COUNSELOR but let's call it what it is Prosecutor
You're going to be revealed for the hack you really are..you and Pelosi made up this whole Russia story and it's going to be revealed.
Too bad you never do....the right thing.  You don't care about America only $ & power making you, and your like, despicable.  
Counsel or prosecutor?? What will he be doing?
Same thing. Special Prosecutor is just a colloquial term for Special Counsel.
Not even, big difference he is called Counsel because there isnt a crime to prosecute.
Look it up.
I did, did you? Special prosecutor is for crimes and cannot use FBI totally independent

Can u advocate for a special prosecutor to handle the death of  #sethrich or is that not in your agenda. Mind u I live in New York and I'm
A registered voter. Or is that a conflict of interests.  #sethrich
I just need to know who's interest u have sir. Mine as a new Yorker or the DNC cover-up #sethrich so next election I know who not to vote 4
U do know that's questionable right. Let me ask u a question without cursing. A robbery means u lose a watch or a wallet. Nothing was stolen
You're insane

Chuck Schumer is friends with Anthony Weiner, Putin and other shady characters 
Leaked Documents Reveal Chuck Schumer As Most Corrupt Politician in History of USA – The Washington ...WORSE THAN BOSS TWEED?
how much $ for special counsel ? could go towards laptops for inner city children ! ! !  just saying !
Shutthefuckupchuck
Absolutely did the right thing!! Great news for President Trump today. Glad you support
Hey dumass..Rosenstein makes it clear. He knew before the memo Comey was going to be fired. Puts that to rest!
The right thing would be to have a special council issued 4 u chuckie & the rest of ur bigot racist party America wake up & vote them OUT
Ya right Chuck!  Who cares about unaffordable healthcare, jobs, security, keep wasting taxpayer dollars on dems conspiracy HELLO!  WAKE UP!
There is nothing Charlie, you damn fool.

U have been against POTUS since he won u did nothing to find the truth about HRC no one is above the law when nothing is found big I'm sorry
No one and I mean no cares what upchuck schumer has to say. Watch his new show called "The Witchhunt" with other starring demos
Blah blah blah! And if nothing comes of it? Then what?
and the media and democrat hates facts
Dems double standard. Hil liar y will need more than A million to make us trust a democrat. Instagators have made Dems the laughing stock
Schumer for impeachment. Wasting tax $$ when he knows the leak was the DNC and they plugged him with bullets in Washington
You are a great follower. Putin will pat you on the head. He may even buy you a donut. He will add the cost to your next check.
When we have one for the Dems and don't forget Hillary
Really? Why? Where was the special counsel for Hillary when lives were lost???
ANYONE IN THE AREA. COME TO 120 E 23 ST NY NY!! Union workers fighting GREED OF Spectrum/ TWC.. We fight for AMERICA! STAND WITH US!
Now Chuck Schumer is demanding no replacement for Comey be confirmed until an independent counsel is appointed. IT BACKFIRED, SHMUCK!
Job well done Chuck ! Bring all Dems on board...
where's that special council for irs, corruption, lying Hillary bengazi,video, lorretta lynch and slick willy on airplane!  B.s.
Based on what evidence? ...WaPo and NYT articles from anonymous deepstate sources?...sad what liberal leaders are doing to our to government
#SpecialCounsel #SpecialProsecutor #LockHerUp 
@jeffsessions #IndictHillaryClinton #Justice #LorettaLynch #Tarmac #ComeyCoverUp
Where was this counsel for all the laws Hilary broke?
When can we expect an investigation into Seth Rich?  Susan Rice - Lorettta Lynch?  Can't wait to see your face when nothing is found -
impeach Schumer
Keep the pressure on these guys. Don't let them get away this anything.
The right thing? Interesting, Mueller is going to spend 4 weeks investigation a MSM & Democrat pipe dream.  Thanks for burning my tax $$$
Call Trump to forego marketing his properties on his three day weekends, we pay  bigly-That's 12Mil. Get Melania in WH & save $15Mil!
Idiot
And so what do you do when it turns out to be absolutely nothing & yet another Democrats waste of tax-payer $'s? Shrug shoulders? Walk away?
Well feeling better about Rosenstein as DAG, hopefully Sessions will resign/fired for failure to recuse.
I'm glad we have a Special Council but fear he could be fired too!! I don't believe or trust anything Pres Trump says or those close to him.
special prosecutor needs to investigate you, Trump was so weak not to ask for this at the beginning.
Schumer you are going to be very disappointed when you find out the only thing crooked about the election was the Democrats.
it will be the nail in HRC's coffin and the end of the DNC socialist movent paid for by Russian money all these years .Your finnished CHUCK
And when they find "NOTHING" what is your next complaint? The color of his underwear!! You type are what needs to be drained from politics
What are you and the Dems doing to lower taxes, protect our country nothing just a anti trump twit
Chuck your a shameless grubby self interested pol. You are squandering a chance to work with President to pursue your own self interest
Maybe now you can do your job for America not just the leftists.
You won Senator; "filibustered Washington"; great job "stopping" Health Care, Tax Reform, Immigration reform; you really look out for us;
I can't wait until we get you out of office.
Making a mockery of USA..WhiteHouse.. President Trump and the FBI. Trump should get FBI on you for your green card scam
Democrats are destroying America by how they treating Trump. Disgusting..rude.. ignorant..and wasting time and money.
Won't CHANGE THAT YOU ARE A DISHONEST DEM CROOK SMUCK CHUCK
Americans want a special investigation into Loretta Lynch/Bill Clinton meeting on tarmac that happened during FBI investigation of her!
Investigate Lynch/Clinton #sethrichards
Proves again Trump is wanting the right thing Schumer!
If only Obama had the integrity to appoint special counsel's for Benghazi, HRC's email scandal, IRS targeting...
Keep fighting for us!!
If Mr. Rosenstein does something you don't like , he can't be trusted.If he does something you like he is A - OK with you.Mmm!  Hypocrite!
More than "the right thing." The DOJ regulations required this.
@Enrico056 Don't forget when Flynn told Trump Transition Team, Um Pence was head of transition team! Pence lied too!
Good, now shut up and get back to work.....................
No special counsel needed except to force your liberal agenda on us. The was NO collusion! NONE! STOP!
#TermLimits you're on your way out chuckie. Help yourself and go ahead and vote for it!!!
Americans would be more inclined to support this if your double standards and hypocrisy weren't so obvious.
Thank you for all your efforts to get an independent investigation
Yep! Trump is a rogue president! Mentally unhinged and a LIAR!
the right thing is to act on  evidence!!!! I believe it's time to do an investigation on Chuck????
nothing will be found everything you suggest a waste of tax dollars it's time that we investigate your chickie Hillary you know he will now
Be careful what you wish for because now you got Hillary in jeopardy and also by the way we already know she committed felonies go trump
Rosenstein was in his authority 2 do the work he did. 2 b uncovered is the enormous corruption of the DNC
Ur deflection null
@SenSchumer
Where is the evidence of a crime?
This maybe the best move, but I like many want to  know is this the right person?
Wasteful spending of my hard earned money
Okay so this is the 5th investigation that would come up empty and you're still bitching complain
Aren't you supposed to be in bed Chuckie?? It is way past your bedtime! Dream of some more big boy lies..

U sir are slimey. Where were you during the Obama years?  Oh yeah covering his ass and all the scandals - irs, fast & furious, Benghazi, etc
I agree so then maybe all who are opposing and keep crap going will stop and let the President be a President . best President ever Agree?:)
Time to shut up chuck
What we DON'T need is an investigation without a time constraint.  Give him 90 days if he can't come up with evidence then shut it down.
Why didn't you want special counsel on all of Muslim Obama's scandals? You hypocrites...HRC & Muslim Obama are murderers to boot!

We need you to shut up now and let the special counsel prove you and the DNC are nothing but political hacks.  You will kill DNC, YES!
will uncover Clinton foundation  Russian uranium deal, be careful what you wish for
Thank you, Senator, for fighting for that!
Are you and your minions going to call for one every time Trump farts?
One thing I agree with you on. Just hope when Trump is clear you guys will stop crying
It was needed with last administration.  Learn to work together.  For the people instead of lining your own pockets.
Will this finally shut you up about this? So in 18 months when they find nothing, will you accept it?
Now that circus is over, you all need to get to work for your constituents. Stop wasting time&money of taxpayers
Thank you--and everyone, all of us, who spoke.
When this is over and nothing is found are you and ur fellow dems going to foot the bill? Bunch of money wasting fools
Time to investigate collusion between Dems and media and verify who leaked at the DNC.
Ha ha,  Don is setting you up again.
I agree. Now, he can uncover everything including Hiliary, Loretta Lynch, Susan Rice, and #SethRichMurder
Hypocrites
Schumer as evil as they come!
I'll give it 2 hours before you find a way to discredit this move.
@SenateDems Urge Mueller to hire Bharara as his deputy.
WE HOPE THEY DISCLOSE THE COMEY MEMOS ON YOU SNAKE OIL SALESMAN SCHUMER
Satisfactory. How do we know he will not also be fired if he is not insync with Trump
The elites on both sides are working together to discredit him. Media in the bag
  We the people need to stop this .
Better hope they got no tapes on you Chuckles
Be careful what you wish for.  Mueller will follow the evidence where it leads him, unlike Comey who protected the Clintons and Obama.
Even if they find nothing, U all will just keep on pushing!! Well buddy, maybe it's time for us to picket Ur front yard & push back! Geez!
And now we also need an independent commission. No business should proceed in the Senate until one is created.
You will not like what is found.
Chuck...exactly when did you lose your soul?
Soros bought it, heard it went pretty cheap
TELL AMERICA WHAT IS WRONG DONE OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP YOU AND REST OF IDIOTS RINO REPUBLICAN WANTS IMPECHING TRUMP ?
BS BS BS
Bet you $1 when the report comes back unfounded YOU WILL FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO SAY!
LOOK AMERICA ALL CRIMINALS THUGS LIARS LIBERALS WAITING WHO IS GOING IMPEACH TRUMP ,DREAM ON SUCKERS
When are you going to do the right thing for the people? #2018.
Did u see the article in the @washingtonpost re McCarthy/Ryan taped saying Trump was paid by Putin?
He was laughing ; it was a joke. Reality is that Russians paid Slick Willy
Bama 86 u know the diff btw Libs & RWNJs like u? I can tell the diff btw reality & lies. & I don't believe EVERYTHING those I vote for say
Impeach schumer
Yes.  We've been waiting.
Your going to end up eating Shit sandwiches! Enjoy
Funny you didn't demand a special investigator for the Iranian nuclear deal, fast&furious, IRS, Lynch/Clinton. Hypocritical hack!
Yes Senator, special prosecutor has been named, now will u all shut up about Russia and work for the people. Do u know how?
Ok, so now what are u going to complain about? Ur constituents only wish that u would represent them & do ur job. Stop the politics. Delphi
Is it just me or are dems too easy to please
We have a right to a secure future including physical safety as well as financial. Not to mention drama free. U just love hating. Sad :(
I look forward to a detailed, fact-based history of the conception and spread of the Russian Hoax by HRC camp.
@SenateDems - beware of what you wish for #demandallcomeymemos !
You mean he's going to investigate Obama's relationship with Russia and the sale of uranium?  WooHoo.
Your beloved Hillary is going to jail fake tears you turned a blind eye to what she was doing hypothetical fool no shame what so ever.
p.s. has "reluctantly" done the right thing.
Will you accept the findings either way?
Wait..  That feeling.  Hope.  I didn't think I had it left.
You may be surprised to find out POTUS IS INNOCENT OF ALL THE DEMS CHARGES. When he is exonerated. You, Nancy And Cummings must retire.
.. in your job with a pension healthcare etc. D.C. is disconnected from reality. U all are pathetic. Do some work please
Until he finds nothing then you'll be all upset and crying
You will be very sorry since your friends Susan Rice and "Fat Cat" Obama's lawlessness
Hope Mueller goes 1st to financials-10yrs+ of $ laundering 4 Oligarchs, loans=leverage. (Trump got himself in w/them & Ivanka grew the biz!)
I'll bet all you senators are all wet in your panties. @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi will be trying to get the special counsel in there closet.
U R excited I don't care. Busy working paying 4 healthcare saving for retirement kids college etc! Must be nice to feel secure..
Better late then never!
Take a nap, Chuckie!
I demand a special counsel to investigate the special counsel to find nothing but false accusations on @realDonaldTrump #keeptrying
2010 Democrats Lost The House

2014 Democrats Lost The Senate

2016 Dems Lost The White House

2017 Democrats Blame Everything On Trump! 
#cryinschumer
#sessionsmemo #SessionsMustResign #sessionstrump
