
We stand with LEGAL immigrants!
.@1choice DNC DOOMED. DOOMED I TELL YOU. CHANGE OR BE DOOMED. LEEDING YOUR PARTY TO DOOM !!!!
Rephrase your words Chuckie...you should stand with American citizens.
It is a shame you never stand with the hard working men and woman who are actually citizens of this country; only the illegals, real shame
I welcome legal immigrants. 
I want illegal immigrants deported.
We stand with legal immigrants against injustice & Discrimination against lawlessness. #Useless
So you would starve Americans so immigrants can come in to our country illegally and uncontrolled. I am all for "controlled" immigration.

I stand with LEGAL Immigrants... they did the work to get here.
Propaganda and lawlessness against the rule of law
Please sir. Trump is mentally unstable. He's tweeting about the Civil War??  Why??  I don't want to see our country destroyed. Help!!!
Millions of Americans need help. The day we get relief is the day Trump is no longer Pres. and/or we have a Democratic controlled Congress.
Remember there is a major difference between LEGAL and ILLEGAL Immigrants!!!! No rights for ILLEGAL
I believe they are the ones perpetuating violence. Never saw crap like this at Tea Party events.
I stand for Legal Citizen's Rights Day. Do you care you are bankrupting our country, Social Security and Medicare all to support illegals
Think real hard about how u & your party r ruining an entire generation promoting disrespect 4 authority, fear & anarchy. #chewonthat
Do you support illegal immigration? All of us welcome legal immigration.
If you support illegal immigration then you should step down now!

Oh my God I just wash my eyes so ferric acid
I stand against corrupt government officials, like you that doesn't hold to our countries laws,constitution.SHAME ON YOU illegal criminals
Attacks continue everyday
Does that mean you stand with criminals or legal aliens who come to this country to assimilate. Illegal aliens are not immigrants
Everyone should stand with "legal" immigrants but not "llegals". They need to follow the law to become American citizens.
But you will fraud the retirement pensions of NYS employees by half! You are a schmuck
We all stand with immigrants, but should never stand with ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION.
You didn't stand up for my grandparents who came here legally, but you will do this for publicity, Can't remove this hack fast enough.
KEEP CELEBRATING MAKING BAD DECISIONS ON BEHALF OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! MAYBE WE NEED TO LOOK INTO HOW TO GET YOU OUT!
WHILE TRUMP STANDS WITH AMERICAN CITIZENS! DONT WORRY! WE HAVE BEEN PAYING ATTENTION! WE WILL HIT BACK WHEN ITS TIME TO VOTE!
Pander much Senator?
No one is against immigration, it's illegal immigration you fool
How about standing with American citizens, including honest,legal immigrants who did it right while you protect & cry for illegals.Hypocrite
And you don't stand for us who you give away our tax dollars too. And we come from fathers who actually fought for this country
I stand for the constitution and enforcing our laws. Enforcing the law and now discrimination - you're a joke
Get out of Trump's way!! Get out of America's way!! Traitor.
.@1choice if people wear blackmasks and do violence , don't care if it's May 1st or Xmas day it's DNC left wing RESPOSEABLE DOOM
We pay U! USA! Where's The Grand Old Flag! Loving the USA? This is serious! Peps sick ! I'd have gotten fired doing what U do! GT 2 Work NOW
Ya thanks to you Democrats the USA is a mess. No control about illegals for 8 yrs under you & Obama.
I didn't know @POTUS  indicted @speakerRyan !!!!! ????
If the blacks would start listening to orders by police there wouldn't be any trouble. Think they can do what they want because there black.
by the way immigrants have rights and very welcome not criminal immigrants get it right how many Americans have to suffer
no one has issues with immigrants, ITS ILLEGAL immigrants, WHO USE UP THE WELFARE SYSTEM, WHO ARE CRIMINALS. come in the right way
Schumer..Waters..Pelosi......are the Larry..Curley..and Moe of the 21st Century!  And WAY funnier!
@potus Then stop promoting hate and be proactive in working together with Reps for a legal immigration reform and Respect Our President.
Illegals dont have rights
Why can't you understand?only against illegal immigrants, you want into the US do it correctly. Love the US and the rules or don't  come
@StevenMWolfe3 nothing wrong with immigrants but there is a lot wrong with illegal immigrants. Support the laws on the books.
I stand with LEGAL immigrants and all Americans every day. This isn't about legal immigrants and you know it. Never has been
Charged as an accessory
Senator tey a really not immigrants they are people here illegally. As you stand with then you aiding and abetting criminals and should be
American citizens come first Chuckie stop looking for votes from poor immigrants
They broke the law. Please exit the country
Thank you @SenSchumer
How about your stand with #lirr riders
You mean illegal immigrants
Chuck- Why does your constituents do hateful attacks,injustice and discriminate against immigrants and as a NY SENATOR you do nothing?SO SAD
So, immigrants have more rights than American citizens? You and the globalists are destroying our country and you just don't give a damn.
Hey Tomlin, maybe you should hear from Timmothy a US Navy veteran
.@1choice DOOMED HEADING TOWARDS DOOM FOR THE DNC. YOU ARE A BAD LEADER. UNLESS DOOM IS YOUR GOAL
I trust that you stand with American citizens & immigrants trying to enter "legally" any other way is criminal & you can't support it
I don't see legal Americans being attacked
Will you stand with most Americans against illegal immigrants?
When did the definition of illegal change?
Too bad u stick up and support non-citizens before you do citizens.  #VetsBeforeRefugees
So the fact that they are here illegally, is ok. Illegal you know against the law??
Facts not fiction!!! Be truthful and do your job
immigration isn't a right it's a privilege
CHUCK DO YOU KNOW THE DIFFERENCE OR DO YOU PUT THEM TOGETHER FOR A PURPOSE=IMMIGRANTS VS ILLIGAL IMMIGRANTS.?????
Are you gonna cry again? # CRYBABY
Chuck Schumer is anti-American and sounds like a broken record and is a talking head socialist.
There is a big difference between immigrants and illegals, illegals broke the law, why do you support criminals?
You are delusional and a hypocrite. How do you look at yourself in the mirror each morning?  Get to work!
Yeah Chuckie you would stand with those who DO NOT follow our laws! #MAGA #retirechuck
LEGAL immigrants you clown
And we stand against you and the criminal parasites you love so much.
How about saving these bromides + instead demanding that intelligence and collusion investigations proceed? That would be good.
Democrats were silent-----while Obama deported almost 3 million illegal immigrants

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8039313/1/#new …
I also stand with immigrants, if they are legal.
How did you ever get to where you are?? 8 years under Obama and you guys got nothing DONE!!! YOU ARE A CLOWN
i had to stop reading all of the replies... do you not read them? People don't like you. Try reading before tweeting again!
that's aiding and abatitng a criminal.
Breaking: Schumer digging his own grave by not following what his NY voters want and need. He won't be re elected. BC won't stand up for NY
I wish you would tweet about supporting free speech at Berkely. But you only support speech you agree with. DNC>USA.
Legal. Say it.
Start supporting the impeachment of Donald Hitler Trump, or be considered one of his confidence!!! You can be voted out too!! On legislation
wow just got told that I was being censored! Upchuck can't handle it
As long as it's legal with Fed Law. There's no hate. Just the Law. Sanctuary cities are NOT legal and you know it..Shame on you...
you r 1 of the most hateful human beings! Only thing u care about is money, being in government so u can screw others & money!
How about you stand for Americans!!!  We are sick of your non-patriotism!  We will donate to run you out of Washington!!
not a human being! Libtards are FAKE HUMANS!
I am on your side. Are you watching what Trump is doing?? He is out of control & not defending 70% of American citizens!
We all do, including @POTUS and you know that. It's the illegals where we differ
You'll probably end up found floating in the Hudson River also.
The proper word is ADMINISTRATION...NOT Regime....THAT show's your TOTAL Disrespect for America..and Americans like me. YOU are a LOSER.
What is #immigrantsday ?  Do I have to pick my own fruit?
Does that include the illegal immigrants?
Thanks for nothing. You DON'T stand with Americans.
Glad to see you stand with illegals before American citizens your priorities are all about yourself not the American ppl
Democrats were silent-----while Obama deported almost 3 million illegal immigrants

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8039313/1/#new …
@FoxNews Can we get the directions to you home printed up? We can distribute to all illegals! You can show them "who" we are as Americans!
bo boo cry baby
Illegal Arrested in Rape and Hammer Slaying of Veteran
http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/illegal-immigration-rape-murder/2015/08 …
Chuck Schumer is a sorry piece of crap!!
So you don't work on the behalf of hardworking Americans who pay taxes that in turn fund your paycheck...
So does this mean you stand with MS 13? I stand for legal immigration only not illegal aliens.. Period. Get your facts straight Chucky!!
lawful immigrants or unlawful immigrants?
You mean Illegal Immigrant day, as you like to say undocumented Immigrant, right? Be truthful or is it a wooden stake in the heart for you?
???????
Typical Democrat playing the race card.  Admit it Chuck all you care about is their votes!
You're as anti-American as Reid was. You & Pelosi come across as a total phonies. Bad acting. U2 lie more than the New York Times.
So do we, LEGAL ONES not law breaking illegal border crossers taking benefits away from R inner city residents &children with special needs
You stand with immigrate instead of Americans. You're putting politics in front of people. As a New Yorker will never talk to you again.
Stop lying to citizens & legal residents. They are afforded full rights. It's ILLEGAL immigrants that you're pandering to.
He's with the Nazi globalists.
What the hell is "immigrat rights day"? 
Sounds like a new fandango liberal socialist made up day.
I stand with legal American citizens & residents against hateful attacks, injustice & discrimination. Guess I stand against you.
Today is LABOR RIGHTS DAY!! 1889 Chicago Haymarket?! Every other country celebrates workers. Why not you and why not here??
TRANSLATION: Chuckles stands w/ Illegal aliens - NOT our American Citizens.  

MEMO TO ALL VOTERS: When Chuckles' term is up - FIRE HIS ASS!
So u prefer hateful attacks against Legal Americans and Vets. Gotcha gotcha
You mean u stand with illegal criminals.....
U want 2 stand with immigrants? Fight 4 immigrants rights 2 work. Any immigrant who wants 2 work must b allowed work. Giv them right 2 work.
Get a visa.
u know difference between legal & illegal? NO fake tears upchuck? care more about illegals than taxpayers & law abiding citizens
you r the worst, creepy, lying, fake tears clown , joke! You can't even cry & demonstrate any level of caring! Fake Upchuck!!!
why don't you stand up for MS-13 also while you're at it
If they are here illegally he does stand with them
if he believes in all immigrants. he should let the10s of thousands of people that are held in immigration jails
LIAR
How ironic you use the word "injustice" when illegals are breaking the law and you are against justice against law breakers.
Illegal immigrants they are breaking the law why can't you get that through your head
@SenSchumer Immigrants & their families should be granted citizenship when fighting for this country
Stand with them in Mexico
How do you feel about your actual constituents? Still trying to figure why Hillary lost? Dems have no integrity. Ex-Life Long Dem here...
You are washed up like all the other old baggage, Pelosi, Warren, and Bernie.
It's about ILLEGALS not legals. Quit with the false redirect narrative.
Legal immigrants have rights. U only want to distract fr POTUS naming today Loyalty Day. U oppose celebrating patriotism.
If they were to get into your home and victimize your family would you feel the same? No then quit lying now
I think you have ores with Russia because all you do is try your best to hurt Americans!
Some tears pleaaaaaaase
Typical...stand with illegals instead of americans...way to show your colors schmucky...they sure as hell aint red white and blue!!!!
He's STILL got his nose up his Muslim POTUS' Ass! He is a DISGRACE to his Jewish Heritage. Just like his buddy SOROS! May they burn in hell!
When do you stand for citizens?
Blah blah blah
You mean your(&your ilks')hateful attacks,injustice,and discrimination against conservatives(incl conservative immigs-they do exist u know).
I would too, but have not heard of any of that going on to immigrants. It do u mean ILLEGAL immigrants. The ones who have broken our laws.
You mean you stand with illegal aliens chuckie the clown.
Why don't you stand with the law you swore to uphold. Illegal should mean illegal. And criminal illegals are further guilty. do your job.
Protests do nothing but irritate people. Since when is it right for criminal illegal immigrants to have more rights than American citizens.
Bravo brother
you are breaking the law if you are standing with illegal immigrants Senator...it is plain and simple...
I too support #ImmigrantRights .  I would like to know how you feel about #criminalillegalimmigrants ? What kind of rights do they have?
Legal or illegal Chuck? I don't think anyone has a problem with legal immigrants. If you don't have a problem w illegal you're a problem!
you stand with Russia


I approve of our Great President Trump. He is just trying to help American people
You're absolutely correct. Therein lies the problem. He is not 4 our Country but for lining his pockets with SOROS money. Big Oscuma fan!!
Why the racial slur? @Jack @POTUS @nytimes @marklevinshow @seanhannity @nypost @KaityTong @PoliticalKathy @NYDailyNews @FOXLA @Zohreen @CNN
Leave with them and then get a citizenship
"Hateful attacks"Umean protecting kids from Muslim rape women from Muslim subjugation gays from getting thrown off a roofs by Muslims right?
That's it chuckie, go all in with the terrorist. Dems r the party of the terrorist
What can you expect from 
INFOWARS' PooperScooper?
Trump: InfoWars' PooperScooper!
But do you stand next to ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS Chuck? You are supposed to defend Americans against ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. #termlimits
You do realize that immigrants are not the only humans that are victims of hateful attacks, injustice or discrimination...right?
I stand with the President.
Ok but who are you both standing on? 

And how forceful the kick that brought them down?
Your rambling makes no sense.
