This Admin is doing that, Chuck, and it's called dictatorship. Thank you for resisting.
Obama was the dictator. Trump isnt doing anything he is not allowed to do by the constitution and law. Learn how things work
Right... Its called being a boss.
Can we please move on and focus on improving America. Congress has to stop being distracted and go to work
You didn't elect a BOSS. He's supposed to lead, not dictate. It's not the US of Trump Inc.
You were singing a diff tune a few months back. Too bad he can't remove you & your crocodile tears. #notmysenator
If only it were within their scope to remove you...well...there's always the 2018 mid terms to look forward too..there's yet hope
Sadly Chuck will never lose because of NYC. We need term limits more now than ever. #termlimits
With NYC being the case...even if you had term limits  they would just replace him with a like minded version or worse.
Possibly, but a lot of these people get re-elected every time simply by name alone. A newer person might not have to power to corrupt others
Yep he was heard loud and clear, now it only take a majority in the Republican control senate to get things passed. Thank u Harry!!!
Sally Yates disobeyed direct order to enforce legal E.O. Comey either leaked or authorized leak of felony classified INTEL 2 damage @POTUS.
Ind Prosecutor ?  What Federal Statute has been broken by POTUS that requires a an Ind Prosecutor be apointed ???  Please Enlighten us ?
Even Republicans not in office are saying the Republicans in Congress are traitors for doing nothing.
Nothing about what???
Exactly Chuck, POTUS should replace you with somebody that cares about something other that blocking progress!
Do your job.  Stop being lazy Chuck. Do something .. instead of complaining. @SenSchumer
The  and his entire WH Circus are so incompetent and clueless. How did this happen??? 
Because Obama divided and destroyed this country and Hillary. Is a liar and criminal and Bernie was just nuts. Trump won deal with it!
Help remove 45 & minions and save our democracy!
why are you senators behaving like toddlers? if you introduce a #TermLimits bill, i will support that.
We all would expect that would cost lazy politicians their do nothing jobs. Term limits is the only thing that will save us.
Like Obama fired the Inspector General?
I am a constituent...this is insane and something must be done. Your GOP colleagues have shown they do not care for this country.
I'm a constituent also and I say stop wasting $ and time on a non issue. Hillary lost. The DNC leaked emails were all FACTS. Liars and cheat
Are you senile, Senator?  You called for his removal shortly after the Election.  Your credibility is seriously lacking!!
That's a famous Schumer move he supports something if a liberal does it but opposes the exact same thing if a Republican supports it. Shame
President Donald J Trump is a real leader and he's not a career crooked politician. Love My President Donald J Trump.
You sound just like the Communists that I had to escape from.
Why would u escape communism? I that it was better than capitalism?

Tech has improved since Nixon. Digital recordings can be edited. This scares me most re: Trump 'tapes'.
You schumer is so critic of Pres Trump, look back of what Obama have done to US 8T to 20T debt, Gave Iran 1.7B, who wants American dead etc
Ignore the haters. We know it's the timing & tactic of how this happened that raises red flags. Thanks for standing up against this monster!
Schumer is the monster. He lies and flip flops like a dying fish on most issues.  He's only there for the cameras.

Mr Schumer. Only when they are not doing their job. Sounds kinda like the Dems right now. Get to work or the American people will fire you.
Did Obama ever remove prosecutors or LEO's?
Must act. Where are our checks and balances? The Dems need to get LOUDER. Stand up to this Treason.
Act about what they r still wasting time in the Russia investigation. Trump can and did fire the FBI director. It will have no effect on inv
Are Ryan and McConnell corrupt?? Because they Do NOT want to do anything about treason/lies/deranged incompetence/hacking, etc..
Yes, both are absolutely compromised. O. Hatch will be next President until a new election called.
U don't understand the constitution very well.
POTUS & co.'s explanations clearly state they were trying to stop/slow down investigations of themselves. #obstructionofjustice
U don't understand what obstruction of the law is. Comey did a shitty job period he was fired period. It will not effect inv period. Grow up
@realdonaldtrump #DANGEROUS PERSON in a DANGEROUS WORLD #trump talks  #PUTIN #HENCHMEN #ovaloffice  NOT 1 WORD PUTIN STOP supplying #TALIBAN
Not even sure what that rambling means

You're not even worth responding to any more check go away you have no power here
Dismissing people is obvious that there is something to hide.
Sir, please explain Why GOP leaders are silent on this? The truth must come out  and the people need to be informed!
Silent about what?!?!  All the $$ the Clinton foundation stole from Haiti?  There is NOTHING to be vocal about. Waste of time and $$
Sounds just like what the Clintons do.
Well since the FBI director serves at the whim of the president and he can fire the director I do t really see an issue
If they're doing something they are not supposed to do. The AG makes the decision on prosecuting not FBI.
Get over yourself and work WITH president, that is your job, we don't care about your opinion
It's called being President
Everything trump is doing,fucking Obama did first but very discreet.
What a wonderful thing  to clean the swamps.  Hahahahahahaa
You think there loyalty to Obama it's nothing compared to what people will do for the Clintons! Even Obama
You didn't like Comey and we're critical of him yourself
Hey @SenSchumer , Obama and other prior Presidents did it too; he's just emulating them!  Or don't you want to admit that????
I don't have a problem with that at all
He's draining the swamp....and still you have no message for the American ppl just, HATE, so sad...
Our president is a liar & prob I bed with Russia. Why is this ok?
Bro.. You called for his dismissal.. Come on Chucky it's different now huh?
Your delusional! Does anyone believe anything that comes out of your mouth anymore? Your just like the boy who cried wolf!
Is this all you do all day! No wonder nothing gets done!
Because they're covering up Trump's treason. I know you can't come out and claim that, but we'll get there (by next week at this rate).
Cite via U.S.M.J.C. How THE P.O.T.U.S. has committed treason.. I'll wait
Pack your bags hot shot..he's draining the swamp and you're standing right in the middle.  Bye bye Chuckie!
So Chuck, the word of the day is IMPEACHMENT. Can we have a serious convo about this now?! Where's the hard line then?!
Well Chuck when you're the boss that's what you do
You r # 1 who called 4 his firing when he talked hillary emails But u r now singing another tune chuckie ur r consistent U LIE  Hypocrite
Dear Senator Schumer - all administrations are the same  and you know it. Why, instead of inciting dislikes, start working with WH?
You wanted him removed when he leaked about Hillary. But now it's wrong.
If you don't like it you can run for president maybe get six votes and then you can do it your way
not long ago you wanted comey gone, firing comey doesn't stop the investagation you moron it goes forward with someone else is all
so as long as a dem can exchange money for secrets on a private server your ok if you have any evidence about russia collusion let's see it
stop this man before he destroys America.
Chuckie you are such a hypocrite.  Prove the Democratic Party knows what it's doing, work on a policy that helps Americans.
That's right!
You said you didn't want him and lost faith in him!!
CRYING CHUCK SHUT UP
POTUS hasn't done that and they'd be replaced anyway.
AH comment!  Hypocrites
Trump doesn't like Schumer either. Maybe he should put his boot  up Schumer's ass!
You have no shame.
IKR !! Kinda like when you're at work and you do something the boss doesn't like.
Impeachment under the charge of Obstruction of Justice....That Soviet Puppet must go!...
Lmao
And? You are doing what? Clinton impeached for lying about a bj. By those standards, why aren't Trump, family & assocs behind bars? #impeach
sounds like Dems R scared from the great 2016 spanking might be even worse in the mid terms? Delusional democrats
2faced crying Schumer. Explain yourself when on 10/31/16 You didn't support  Comey! SHAME ON YOU
Just like Slick Willy Clinton & Barak the Muslim Obama did during their corrupted tenure in the WH @SenSchumer ? 
You sure like talking out of both sides of your butt. 8 months ago you were shrieking about Comey. Now you do the opposite. Ridiculous.
Boo hoo where's your tears.  Can't cry through the lies
Schumer has lost his marbles
Now Comey is competent?  You know there is video in 2017.   Obama should have canned him.  He overstepped his authority.
hey chuck everyone is laughing at you including the Russians get over the spanking from the election do something constructive
Carter Page  also visited Moscow and claimed that sanctions had been more detrimental to the West rather than Russia.
Pravda.Ru
It should have been done long ago. We finally have a President!  Wish the Dems would stop trying to destroy the USA.
And the demos run like rats when it came to the IRS, emails double standards
You should be removed ASAP!! Watch it chuck!
It is obvious to us the American voters of the independent party that you do not care about anybody but yourself
So.....what's congress going to do about it? We want some resolutions.
When are you guys to IMPEACH him??  What on earth are you WAITING FOR?
Time to remove you from your post
Where were you when Obama was President?  Oh right.... He was a Democrat.
You should hire Comey as a consultant. He'll help bust Donny tiny  .
It's something us Americans don't like also..
There goes CRYIN Chucky whining again!  Waa! Waa! Hope they're working on some way to fire U & Wicked Witch Pelousy ! Sooner the better !
Every president removes people who is not doing their job the way the president wants them too! That's a duh Schumer!
please resign now
Leave president Trump and the administration alone and please shut up and just do your job
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy
@RealDonaldTrump thinks he is above the law. He attacks law enforcement officials as well as judges. He must be removed from office!
Schumer you're a back stabbing sh#thead your political days are numbed Trumps to smart for you. You're trapped and Don't even know it
That's not why you cry baby. You're showing your ignorance to your base. Nobody believes your base is that stupid
Dictatorship 
Your Fired  lmao
@realDonaldTrump As a retired 32 LEO Captain Sheriff. It's our job to identify officers/Supervisors not doing their job. If given...
Opportunity to do better & still not getting job done, dismissal, YES unfortunately. You know @POTUS was right but say otherwise, Hypocrit!
It's called being a WINNER not like you LOSER
This Cover Up Involving Loretta Lynch Just Got More Serious http://www.americanpatriotdaily.com/latest/cover-up-loretta-lynch/ … lol Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie
Like maybe their job??

We wish it was that easy to remove you!
#obstruction. Stay on them, Senator.
You Dems sure aren't shy about trying to IMPEACH a president because you don't like him and your candidate lost. 
All the corrupt has to go!
If that was true YOU WOULD BE FIRED
SCHUMER YOU AND PARTY ARE HYPOCRITES!
Like obama right?
Can the fire u?  I hope so !!!
Constitution getting too burdensome for you? Don't like multiple political parties? Plenty of lovely dictatorships for you to move to!
Fear mongering again. Why don't u do some actual work. My tax dollars r paying you for this crap. Really
#impeachTrumpnow
Chuckles please
Right on Mr Schumer!
@potus, Mr Schumer you have done nothing but belittle and defame this president since the election. YOUR PARTY LOST. ACCEPT IT and GROW UP!
A month ago you were crying for Comey's resignation. What has you changing your mind?
Yep and you had no problems when Clinton and Obama did senator
which is responsibly doing their job.
That's the job of any administration? Especially this one which promised to drain the swamp.
Exactly, that's called being a leader. You should try it some time.
And we all know that #45 is omnificent and God-like, after all . . .
So what are the Dems going to do about it!  Looks pretty helpless and hopeless
Thank you for fighting for us. I am so appreciative of my Democratic Senators.
It's called a dictator not democracy
Like the firing of 93 US Attorneys under Slick Willy?
Like Bill Clinton did right before Vince Foster died ha!
And Obama kept those that went against him?  Stupid. Look at his firing records.
As any other POTUS does.
the outsider is we the people ! Your fighting the American people! They all served at the pleasure of the president! Cuck you!
Man i wish the POTUS could remove you Schmucky...like removing a dingleberry from the anus of government...one wipe and DONE!
#MAGA
I think you would have more fun if you moved to North Korea. You know, since you hate democracy...just a suggestion.
Says the guy who wants to get rid of the separation of powers. Just remember: speak your mind to Kim Jung Un, get sent to labor camp. GL!
drain the swamp! Why would we keep Dems in place to continue reporting to fake news! Elites can't stand outsider taken over!
Stop the fear mongering, hypocrite
Hillary would have fired him the minute after she was sworn in if she had won.
You have a short memory, a week ago you wanted Comey out of there and were blaming him for your epic 2016 election catastrophe. What a phony
Comey lied to Congress = perjury = felony, he was compromised & could be blackmailed by Russians. The poor need bipartisan support of POTUS!
Fired for cause, and you know that, hypocrite.
Insubordination, poor performance, not following procedures...ect

Didn't u want Comey removed cuz u "Didn't LIKE"him reopening Hillary's inves.  .Wonder no more why dems lost.
#chuckschumer #Comey #Hannity
Funny. That seems like a dictatorship and not a democracy. I didn't like Comey but @realDonaldTrump is the real threat to America. #traitor
Obama removed Generals!
How long do you think comey would have been there if hill had won?
&nominating DeVos-evangelical nominees&not divesting & nepotism&payback to unqualified to dismantle agency purposes&public funds for bus+2WH
Hey Chuck get to work on the peoples business. Stop funding your own goals and work for us for a change
Wow, you are a liar!! Resign!! What ind prosecutors did he let go??
Connect the dots. They are very close together. STOP all Senate business until a SP is appointed. Represent US and #resist.
