Chuck the Democrats need a savior your party is on the downward spiral
I support Trump 100%! After 8 years of Democrats... we need president Trump! He cares about helping the American people!
Yes.  I support POTUS too!
You guys are for illegals and the violent left.  You guys had a hissy fit when Trump said the all left was wrong.  No deals.  No seats.
Good for u for admitting that u agree with Trump to renegotiate NAFTA.  Don't try to make it sound like it was ur idea though. Bootleg!
Amazing to think #flipflop schumer wanting credit for @realDonaldTrump ideas. #disgracedDNC #Loser
They also didn't like Roosevelt. Congress fought him relentlessly. He ran his first term w/o VP. Ur job is to PASS THE AGENDA
you and Nancy Pelosi want a better deal...Trump wants the BEST deal! That's why he was elected @POTUS
NAFTA was republican written legislation that they duped PresClinton into signing - we must not be tricked by this republican fool in WH !
Punishment for firms that ship jobs overseas?? Seriously? That is Putin's strategy. Does Schumer understand how the global economy works?
So NOW you admit NAFTA is not good for America? And you support renegotiation? Just like Trump. Where have you been?  Panderer. Hypocrite.
Never More! Thank you Senator Schumer. The President and The Vice President have drawn the line in the #RacistInChief
These people in the riots are the result of NAFTA.  If they had real good paying jobs they would have better things to do!
Now taht Pres Trump has made renegotiating NAFTA, Dems want to make trade part of "their" better deal?  Beats the raw deal of 8 yrs past!
Chuck You Serious? Follow The Democrats that Obstruct and Don't Forget #Resist ?
Let's have Chuck airbnb a bedroom out in his home for these folks.
NAFTA was done by crooked Bill Clinton that send all our jobs overseas. We don't forget Schumer.
chunky no one cares what you think.
Thanks, Senator! I failed to comprehend the personal impact of NAFTA before. My bad. Now I'm All About It! Thanks for proper priorities.
Where was he when Bill Clinton put it in if it's such a horrible deal why didn't he fix it when you have the chance to instead of now
Fair question; maybe not enough citizen input? Now I badger Mr Lighthizer, esp on foreign corps suing U.S. with taxpayers paying damages!
#ABetterDeal is hardly a rallying cry. We can't afford to lose in 2018. We need to come up with a better slogan.
That ship already sailed .
Trump is way ahead of you Dems, chuck your out of your league.

More stolen ideas from the side that #won. #ABetterDeal is #FakeNews
These rioters and extremist are the result of NAFTA.  If they had real good paying jobs they would have better things to do! Need Tax Reform
Hey chucky the clown, u and your party are DEAD. No one believes your phony Bulls**t
Finally -- A President who is renegotiating NAFTA to make it fair to the USA!  Thank you, President Trump!  America First!
Renogiate? As a Canadian I'm good with that. We 're going to charge the US market rate for Hydro,Water and Soft wood Lumber.#TakeItOrLeaveIt
Your too late.  Democratic all old news and failed policies
Is chuck gonna cry if he doesnt get his way ?

#ThursdayThoughts

 @SenSchumer
Are you still saying Sens SHOULDN'T TAKE ACTIONS which may end…
Hey u do know what Trump has been tweeting right ? Who cares about NAFTA ?
We can see in our streets what the better deal is.
chuck no one is interested in your statements of the last 57 years
Mr Potus plagiarism is a sign of flattery. Dems no original ideas so looking to steal yours @realDonaldTrump @rushlimbaugh @marklevinshow
Sit down you've done enough to screw America with your trade deals let the adults handle it now #MAGA
No Thanks!!!
Weren't the morons who started nafta to start with?
#Dumb F..K !
Your better way to continue enslaving this country with tax payers money
The big deal maker is failing as China quickly become the super economic power in the world. Unfit, incompetent & destructive = impeachment!
Chuck your words are meaningless. You say anything and do nothing.
You had your chance Chucky. You blew it chasing liberal dreams. Don't waste our time Chucky
Need to renegotiate you. My POTUS will walk away. Haha haha you swamp 
Solidly weak and politicized guidance. For once act like a damn adult instead of a politician.
Why would anyone take advice from you when your party negotiated & passed the current NAFTA agreement? #zerocredibility
Why has it took 8 years to come up with #ABetterDeal
Keep pushing your @abetterdeal Chuck it's just more of the tired Dem political sales pitch to us poor folk who you really don't care about
Whatever Schumer says, vote the other way. Paraphrase Gutfeld. Keep Schumer around to remind us what failure looks like. Good advice!
Not a better deal for Americans...
NO #DOTHERIGHTTHING
What happened to russia,russia,russia? Guess it was just a made up Dem lie...like everything that comes out of your mouth @SenateGOP
Chuckle's...do you have a job?  You work for the America PEOPLE!!  NOT the Democrat People!!  Get to work!

We had your #BETTERDEAL with Pres. Obama's deals and they weren't better. Time to renegotiate.
The "Better Deal" sounds just like the "New Deal" that the dems tried to push on Americans! Just different players this time but same old BS
You guys had 8 years to fix - did nothing but make bad deals.  Why do we want more?
Lots of baby putinbots posting. Keep up the good work Chuck!!
Chuck do the work we pay you Democrats to do
Yeah RIGHT.....
What a joke! You've been making bad deals the last 25 years!
Thank you for repeating Our President's message! We have a better deal with a non-politician, support our President Senator Shumer!
your deal is bad and you should feel bad
U have NEVER negotiated a trade deal that betters USA You negotiate 4 ur self to fill ur pockets $ from ur lobbyists buds Do not believe him
Trump is the greatest president since Regan.  Dems stand for #Resist  Trump stands for #MAGA
He wants to be reelected. He doesn't care about the middle class or jobs. He doesn't worry about soc sec or Obamacare because he's a Senator
What do you know about economics? You're a liberal. All you do is tax and spend...
What do you know about business dealings anyway, genius.
It's time to rip up your #WorseDeal and chunk in in the garbage. Next to your integrity.
Time for you to retire!

Very nice, but will YOU condemn TRUMP?
I do not want to read ur statement and certainly don't want to be a part of ur better deal
#IMPEACHMENTNOW
Schumer is such a disgrace to the nation, he is trying to milk political points out of this tragedy? He should resign immediately.
All you Democrats are clueless  on how to negotiate an equitable deal for our country especially if no kick back for all criminal democrats
BWAHAHAHAHAHHAHA trying to run with the #betterdeal bumper sticker again!
Sorry Chuck. Trumps got this one.
If you support something I can assume it's a bad thing and I am a registered democrat in New York State
Haven't read it.
But let me guess, you hate everything Trump said, along with some vague statement about doing better.
Clintons and democrats again screwed the American worker with NAFTA.the lies and corruption go's back that far back little did we know
Your better deal only creates more govt agency's to tell us how to live. Get big govt out of our lives.
You are so out of touch with the American people and all your pundits just hurt the demos more.
Ur not in charge. U Dems, especially u, r an embarrassment to this country.
Don't hold your breat, Chucky!
You are too late with your better deal. As long as you are in charge, the republicans will always win.
What a retread (yes, re-tread).  You should retire and make room for a young woman or minority.  Maybe Amy can take your seat?
Sounds like you stole that from Trump. We know you can't fool us.
You had your chance 8 yrs and now make no effort to work with POTUS! Time to shut up or put up:(
Why is trump still in office???
Catchy slogans only work for sleazy car salesman #SleazyChuckSchumer
#putinbot
Since when do you care about the people. DNC is only focused on bring down Trump. Your party is a disgrace
No not follow democrats there the one's that gave us NAFTA, work with democrats who want a fair deal for america.
We have a better deal. It's called President Trump!!

Instead of suggesting people go to another website, outline them here. In simple language everyone can understand. Dems need to MESSAGE
You are a sorry excuse and I'm ashamed as a New Yorker that you represent my state. You only care about what the #MSM says.
go spread for blm chucky.
Hey chuckles do you ever get good responses

.@1choice hi chuck broke when elected a hundred years ago dump Schumer. He shits on America every day. Vote NO CHUCKIE THAT'S U
Chuck; Your better deal? The Democrats have controlled the Nation for the last 8 years, Doubling the National debt, and killing the Economy.
And the ppl. With fast an furiest. Guns for his friends. Drugs with pharmaceutical lobbiest. He thinks we are STUPID. But we know who's dumb
Don't for a second forget this!
You mean you jumped into the Trump train? 
You are the problem, but we can see that!
No thank you. realDonaldTrump is handling this. #maga
Where are you guys on this #Charlotteville situation?!! Stop tweeting. Get out here and take a stand Jesus.
If you only had a brain
There is only ONE THING you should be talking about.  Where is Dem leadership?
This is the first time I have ever agreed with you, Chuckie.
Wow, write down Trumps agenda, ask Trump to join in fighting for said agenda..Take credit for Trumps agenda..Ohhh very Clever Chuck!
way to FOLLOW the Presidents lead chuck
Your better deal is what we have now. And chuckie, it's a failure for America. But, then again, democrats want the failure.
Now that Pres Trump has saved us from another bad deal in NAFTA, Dems want to include NAFTA in their better deal?  Who falls 4 this crap?
Don't worry, we can always count on Trump!

... to demonstrate his jaw-dropping ignorance, incompetence, narcissism, greed, and spite.
Nice Chuck! Way to take Trump's ideas and claim them for yourself. Meanwhile you been in Congress forever and never cared before why?
@POTUS @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @CNNPolitics @MSNBC YAWN! #OutOfTouch
Try an Ambien and a Xanax.
Terrible slogan and platform.
Really Chuck!  Where are the Dems on condemning our white supremacists prez.  Can you imagine if a democrat said those things? Get tough!
I did. It sucks as bad as the Iran deal Crap, ACA, and multitude of other poorly thought out deal made by past admin. You've no clue at all
Chuck #Americafirst!
Strange dozens of posts condemning Dems effort to level playing field, penalize off shoring ?? GOP or Russian Bot Attack??
Trump IS the Better Deal,forget it chuckie
Better for who?The global community you care more for then the American citizens who pay your http://salary.You  sold us out long ago
You haven't done anything in years for middle class and poor wht&blk communities. You are empty promises.
Invasion of the body snatchers 2017, Progressive Pod People replacing Corporate Democrats, I can work with that!
NO DEAL FOR YOU SCHMUCKELS. TRUMP WILL HANDLE IT WITHOUT YOUR INPUT.GOOD LUCK CHUCK.
Alert:Fed officials are struggling to make sense of a new econ reality in which low inflation & low unemployment are persisting side by side
It was the Presidents idea to renegotiate Nafta Senate Democrats should follow his lead and support him for once!
Key provision by DT to allow every business to import $800 of merch tax & duty free for every person in US = yet more factory jobs overseas
President Trump is a very intelligent person. He will get the best deal for Americans.
You should get behind the president. Objectively consider his accomplishments since taking office! That is better than a better deal!
Can we please get rid of trump. This is not my America
Thats funny Chucky. NAFTA caused us to lose jobs and corps made money. Now you sound like Trump in wanting changes. What better deal?

Sounds good Senator Schumer!  More of this please!
I keep telling you your better deal died in 1963
No one listens to you Chucky!
Why?
Your joking! Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans! As a matter of fact it's never worked in anywhere
Lie. Lie. Lie. Rip-off deal. Dems never make a good deal, let alone a better deal. #draintheswamp
Oh yeah... let's really work on those currency manipulation provisions "for the working people." Don't vote for this stooge, anymore.
How does it feel to be a Trump Mini Me?? 
I just threw up in my mouth.
Delusional democrat ,communist, socialist, globalist propaganda  detrimental to all liberty loving Freeman of the Republic
Nothing that we are interested in go trump make America great again
Democrats have notoriously sold the American worker down the river so many times why would I really want to look at anything you had to say
Chucky, keep your stupid statements to yourself.  You where part of the first screwed up agreement that destroyed our economy. #americafirst

Seriously hysterical pessimism doom gloom end of the world because Trump CAN & DOES MAGA
After 8 years of #Obama, now you support renegotiating #NAFTA? This would be funny if it weren't so pathetic. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
lolol..your "statement" is President Trump's agenda!  Glad you are on board!  #MAGA
Dems need a better slogan.
You're creating a dark history for future Americans to look back on and they will see you for what you are
Your a waste of tax payers money!!!!
So Mr Lying Schumer why are you just bringing this up when GOP is in control?  Should have done when your lover Obama was in office
Where were proposals when "Slick Willie"heaped this disaster on A workers? U had 15 yrs. Time 2 shut up & yield to POTUS that can negotiate.
Sorry #ABetterSteal is useless garbage! It will cause more unemployment and high cost of living! Abolish nafta! It only benefit smugglers!
Dems are already responsible for the mess our trades are. I highly doubt your "better deal" will do much to improve them.
