Where we need to go from here is the immediate protest and DEMAND for the removal of trumps puppet regime.
Didn't you hear? The real russian connection is with the democrats
The fact that there is ANY connection should scare the hell out of every one of us. We cannot permit it to continue. Rise up in protest
Fusion GPS is a Russian propaganda group hired by the DNC to put out the russia collusion BS about Trump stop watching CNN and get informed
And you are entitled to that opinion. You should follow his Twitter feed. You could witness the asshatery firsthand. Without CNN or Faux
And maybe you might want to pay attention to congress they just voted to investigate killary and Obamass crimes during the election lmfao
Considering everything going on, I think it would be wise to investigate EVERY government official. We no longer know who is corrupt.
President Trump is absolutely correct to call you a clown, can't wait for 2018 to drop few more of your seats.
Simply remember this: "tolerance" is a "civic" responsibility. It divides the democratic party when used to forceably compromise morality.
How old is Schumer?... he looks like he is about 90-92??
HYPOCRITES AND LIARS

They will never be reelected.   Goodbye RINO'S.
A better deal will suceed if.... if.... far left abandons  goals of forcefeeding immorality onto/into the American people. Read the Bible !
Move preexisting pools to early Medicare plan where costs/premiums can b controlled which makes it easier to move to single payer n future.
It's grand that ur toutingMcCain as a hero for his vote. BUT MURKOWSKI & COLLINS SHOULD BE RECOGNIZED FOR THEIR SHEROISM as well!  Tout them

How sbout singlepayer/medicare for all
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5gLbo4KtaY …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKUrJ5Jug7I …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7MU2UDFhhM …
I TOOK DRUGS THAT DESTROY THE MANY HEART AORTA--- HOW MANY NEED HEALTHCARE BECAUSE OF THIS !!! FIX --FDA-- I STILL SUFFER B CAUSE OF  YOU !!
U want to win? Acknowledge what's wrong and take responsibility, we teach that to our children, lessons dems never learned
Make the bias news stop - that will get u points and the biggest bang for your buck
R u going to tak about Debbie Wasserman Schultz? Denounce groups supporting MS-13? Talk about how u r going to work with GOP?
The only reason you have any success is because Republicans are ineffective.  The country doesn't want you either.
We the People thank you for your tireless work on our behalf with your peers in both chambers! America over Trump!
You all working in august?
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck

Vote 2018!!
Clean House and Senate!!
Out with obstructionist both dems and Rhinos!!
Trumptraitors
Work together to fix the ACA. Be the bigger party and extend your hand some will work with you.
How bout you bite the bullet and retire liar!!!
You mean the same Schumer who's still taking private HCare loot and who's anti-#SinglePayer?  THAT duplicitous Corporate sellout? Can't wait
Please move forward as quickly as possible on funding CSRs & reinsurance: ACA must stop being held hostage to WH/HHS sabotage.
 butt!...ACA isn't being held hostage!it's the middle class who r being held hostage!so sick of the lefts ingenious concerns!! #MISINFORMED
Just a great day for Obamacare Welfare recipients,  never mind the rest of the Country!
Where do you go after we #Draintheswamp? Probably some cushy island that Soros buys you.
Bravo, Senator Schumer! God Bless America & Senators McCain, Murkowski & Collins
Thx @SenSchumer 
Remember we are ALL looking on u now
 to bring ppl to McCain's table to work
fairly, compromising w Collins&Murkowski
All Obamacare (ACA)  represents is a stupid plastic card that says you have "insurance" but can't afford to use it.
2018 - no more Democrats!
Resist resist resist!
So now you want to work with the @GOP after 7 years? The Democrats created this mess but want GOP to fix it while keeping "ACA" name. FU!
The Dem senators NEED TO STOP obstructing and start working with the GOP for a healthcare bill that works! Repeal & Replace Ocare now!!
On whose terms?  Democrats aren't going to vote for a bill that the aren't included in the process of making.
Then they need to start getting involved in the process.
Since we can't get rid of this horrible thing called Obamacare. Everyone of you in the Senate and House should have to enroll in it
Thank you for finally doing what is right
Thank you, Senator!  I can breathe again!  Thank you all!
Democrats do not do shit but sit on their asses and collect $$ from the rich interests and tax payers - they all should go to hell
Chuck Scammer is a piece of shit.  The leader of the obstructionist - he care about $$$! The people want HIM OUT! He needs to resign!
Down, down, down.
Nobody cares what this a$$h**le thinks!
Wrong Twitter feed. That kind of remark is better suited to that greedy, self-serving oaf in the White House.
I've got an idea!
Peoples' well-being is not a commodity for profit and campaign coffers.
Obviously not to the @SenateDems @SenateGOP ,money is all they care about!  #WHORES !!!
Say good by 2018 elections are coming! Your approval ratings is less than 50%! MAGA REVOLUTION
How about getting back to the Constitution, and bill of rights. Get big gov out of my every day Life. Power back to the states.
FOLLOW BERNIE'S LEADERSHIP!
ONLY #BERNIE2020! #DRAFTBERNIE!
Screw Bernie once shame on Dems ...
@BernieSanders
It's time to put party aside and work w/ @SenateGOP The #WH is dysfunctional & an embarrassment! I'm disgusted w/ the fighting
The crazed will repeatedly do the same. Only old ideas except keeping their jobs while leading the sheep to slaughter. RECLAIMING MY TIME!
Go back to 2009 and tell me how you worked with the GOP to force the Obamacare lie down our throats.
We watch as Obamacare fails the country as Democrats passes a program that can not sustain itself 
During the last year of the Obama Administration, 83 insurers pulled out of the collapsing #Obamacare exchanges. 
The ball is in your court...
let's see some GD #singlepayer. I want health insurance companies removed from the decision making of my well being. Profits not = health
Fk you dems
well, mitch says it's your move...the minority now appears to be in charge.
No thanks, I like my news without the lies and spin your party is known for. While Mainstream media is fake news, You are a fake senator.
Do you disagree that the only way forward, the only way to a functioning gov't, is for both sides to work together?
Thank you @chuckschumer and @SenateDems
Everyone of these people who think Obama care is so great should have to enroll in it. This is a bunch of BS and they know it
Time for a victory lap!
Victory? We're still right where we were 8 years ago. To celebrate this is like being grateful for only a lil bit of abuse. #SinglePayerNow
#MoveForwardTogether will be the only way to get out of this governance morass
We still have obummercare.... thank you for doing nothing dems...
So the solution is to make Obamacare work better for all, not to scrap it and leave many more uninsured.
Obamacare is TERRIBLE and it was built on these LIES

So you can't make it work better

Videos  http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
Poor people-----CAN'T AFFORD Obamacare

CNN News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8079919/1/ …
Well then they certainly wouldn't be able to afford Trump care. Save lives and save the ACA
