This #MayDay2017 communities across the US are coming together to fight back against POTUS’ & GOP's attacks on immigrants, workers, Muslims.
I want to help arrange a party too. One that celebrates your being removed from office.
Your in fantasy land we just want a safe country and for people to follow our laws  unlike the dems
Enforce the laws
Immigrants built USA ... making it great #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
I pray that none of your loved ones end up to be a victim of an illegal. You will sing a different tune.
Thank you Cheryl! My thoughts exactly!
Bad enough being a victim of one of our own thugs, let alone an illegal thug who snuck over here like a rat. How can anyone defend them?
FN liberals can and will, even this monster
Illegal,deported 4 times, rapes a 2 year old girl who will need reconstructive surgery. Dear Jesus we've had enough! 
Important to balance how often tragedies like this occur with the good things immigrants bring & impact upon economy without them
We must be able to distinguish between legal & illegal. Those who will assimilate & won't. Also, the argument is to deport the "criminals".
I agree illegals who commit crimes should be promptly deported. Take a deep look at how this admin is defining this - they are lying to us
They are here illegally thanks to the blind eyes of Dumocrats like you
Because they come here illegally. There is a legal process.
The legal process is difficult and long, and not doable for many.

By excluding thel, you're excluding them simply for being unfortunate.
That's an excuse!
I suppose it is, but a pretty good one. It convinced me.
paying bills is difficult. I think that is a good reason not to pay.
Paying bills is not imposable. For some people, it IS impossible to do the time-costing legal process.
Remember, many of these people are coming across the border because of the immediate threat of death. They don't have the time!
Good! Send them a message they're not welcome here.  Go home Charlie you drank all the cool-aid. You're a disappointment, a baboon and tr8r
Such a lie
No immigration laws are being attacked Jackie it's amazing how the Democrats are so anti-law or lawless
They came legally and without malice. Your only interest is with your political party. Phony, lying politicians spewing hate.
Yes legal immigrants everyone should go and find your family papers when they came into America
So why not pass a comprehensive sane, and compassionate immigration bill?  The US needs immigrants.
Because they don't want to become legal!
Not so. Most undocumented aliens in the US would jump at the chance to become legal. Give them a simple path and they will become citizens!
I agree with simplifying but unfortunately right now it doesn't exist. Then you have to prioritize what is important
Senator, the immigrants MUST be LEGAL, otherwise they are criminals. U R a lawyer -- if U enter without passport control,U break the LAW!
But most come legally.
Whoever came legal is fine. Whoever did not go through passport control is a criminal. Those "most" R welcome, the others criminals.
Unfortunately there is an atmosphere of hostility toward all, legal or not.
Not the legal, they R welcome. I am a LEGAL immigrant, and have NEVER felt hostility. I went through ALL THE HOOPS. The others are criminals
If you look white, then you are fine, legal or not.
Few Canadians are attacked, legal or not.
U R avoiding the key point - enter without passport processing or overstaying visa, U R a criminal & subject to charges and deportation...
They come illegally! America welcomes LEGAL Immigration! Not unfettered border crossings which you encourage! #Outnumbered
And your source is?
Immigration and Customs Enforcement Records, DOJ reports. Shall o go on?
Bring them in legally bucko
I can't help but wonder what wld happen if I went to Mexico illegally and protested/demand the same rights as their citizens?
You would be jailed and deported.
Exactly my point! 
STOP IT NOW, as the grandson of immigrants, they should come here AS MINE DID. LEGALLY!! You are intentionally putting us at risk!
You are correct. But legally. And become American Citizens.
That is the only way.
There is legal ways, and illegal ways 2 come here. Once u understand the difference, we can move forward with improvement.
Sadly too many people assume that all immigrants are illegal.
No they are assuming that all illegals are legal immigrants.
No Chuck legal immigrants are no problem. Illegal Aliens are. You have NO RIGHT TO COME ILLEGALLY!! AND NO RIGHTS ONCE YOUR HERE.
No taxes everyone! Illegal is the new legal!
Why don't you help LEGALIZE them! No one has a problem with legal immigrants
Give me a break! You are an evil person for making up such lies. HE IS going AfTER the illegal criminals you jack asd
Yeah, let's bring in some more muslims. Just what we need to go along with the illegal aliens that you'll fight for, but not for us.
You're an oathbreaker Schumer and should resign.
Nov 2018 we will be saying bye to this lazy senator
By who , antifa?
Your lie again !
With obstructionist like you Chuckie & Pelose we should be kicking your ass out.
#Inflammatory
If I could just walk into a Fortune 100 company and get a pay raise for doing so, then I would. However, an application process is required.
If they come in legally there are no issues. Come in illegally they are law breakers! There is a distinct difference Chuckles! No tears
Just the illegal ones idiot. People of NY have to b the most ignorant 2 keep  u in office. Oh, that's right the city is full of illegals.
Illegal Immigrants. #lawmatters
All immigrants are welcome as long as they come to contribute to our America.  They better not come to participate in entitlement programs
The Democrats will destroy America that was the Obamas agenda past and present.The Dems are his minions you are the leader of the minions
America is going down hill because of people like you and Pelosi....crooked...crooked Democrats
....and before u come into our country u need to prove u r not a drain on our society...a lot like our career politicians. #draintheswamp
They came here the ILLEGAL way...how come they are allowed to break law but not Americans????
There is a correct way to come into our country. Illegals are just that...ILLEGAL chuckie. One has to come into our country legally......
Trumps #immigrationban is nothing more than #racism in disguise!
Illegals are not immigrants
ONLY THE ILLIGAL ONES AND ONES THAT BREAK THE LAW.?????
Why don't you publicly decry tbe violence. By protestors?
More bullshit speak from chuck u...nobody has a right to come here
illegals
You said immigrants, we as Americans are concerned about "illegal immigrants" you old fart!!
58% of undocumented immigrants removed during FY2016 were previously convicted of a crime
3,118,927 = the number of illegal aliens deported by ICE during FY 2008-2016
Open welcome arms for legal entry,but illegal aliens are breaking the law
Nonsense!  Why were you silent when Obama was deporting them?  Stop playing politics!
which federal laws can I break with your protection from prosecution? What if I do it looking for a better life, is that valid?
Feeling really bad for MS13, are we? #liberal Derangement #immagrantrights
You are on drugs
Then step up Senator and work with POTUS, and make matters less inflammatory.
If they come in lawfully, then welcome.

Stop itv

:
Are you referring to Legal or illegal immigrants, or are you conflating them..
This is total crap. People that come here lawfully are treated well and made to experience the privileges that come with being an American.
How bout a better life for Americans living in poverty. We need to take care of our own. What other country let in more immigrants than USA?
What part of illegal don't you liberals understand ?
Please continue to stand up against Trump's hateful policies!
I want a better life for my family too Chuck. Ok with you if I rob a bank to make that happen? Illegal is illegal!
No they aren't if the come legally and follow our laws which obviously mean nothing to you Chuck ... you SUCK
Please distingish between a legal immigrant and an illegal immigrant!
You are a fraud and liar. There's a process and you are encouraging people to risk their lives in hands of coyotes and drug cartels.
Come legal that's all we want
Illegal Chuck Illegal! You keep forgetting that part, just like you keep forgetting that it's your duty to uphold the law & constitution!
Illegal immigrants will be targeted and rightfully so you lawless, no leadership cuck.
We want immigrants who want to be here Chuckie - not the unvetted terrorists you and your ilk will pollute our society with.
very unamerican.
only the ones that come from countries that don't have a good vetting system or come here illegally. Before Trump you were for cracking down
Yeah Chuck MS-13 responsible for over 30 murders in NY what are you and phony Gillibrand doing about that?
Blah blah blah
NICE FAKE NARRATIVE YOU SNAKES PUTTING ON THINGS TO CREATE RIOTS! GREAT LEADER! WHAT A JOKE!
Even though you don't represent Illinois you and phony Gillibrand are U.S.  Senators and should pressure the Democratic Mayor of Chicago.
WOW YOU DONT CATCH ON VERY QUICK DO YOU? THE PROBLEM ISNT IMMIGRANTS! THE PROBLEM IS "ILLEGAL" IMMIGRANTS!
Schumer stop with the lies. Residents in the city of Chicago are targeted, attacked and murdered daily. Over 700 homicides last yr.
The immigrants of today are totally different then the immigrants of yesterday! If you can't see that get out of gov'nt!
For the last time, if they are here LEGALLY, great.  If not, they are ILLEGAL & will be dealt with under the law. Do u still not understand?
It's extremely scary when there's a U.S. Senator who apparently does not know the difference between legal & illegal entry into our Country.
Chuck! Time for the Immigrant to come in the Legal way, through the Door in the Wall and not over the Wall illegally!
Crawl back in your hole
You are promoting illegal immigration &the breaking of US laws. You are no better than the criminals coming into our country!  Shame on you!
Maybe the Jews get targeted by the Muslims u have, other than that what immigrants get targeted? Illegals aren't immigrants
Not one republican is against LEGAL immigration!  It is the ILLEGAL boarder crossers that everyone is against!  Stop lying & making up lies!
We are $20T in DEBT-See 44th St Debt clock $165K per taxpayer & Venz.socialist meltdown. Still want unlimited Illegal Aliens? #buildthewall
Open Ellis island dummy.
Bunch come here illegally to kill our great way of life, too. Wake up.
They need to come legally they do not have the right to be hear illegally. You should be enforcing the law. You embarrass us all
What are you tweeting about? No one is attacking LEGAL immigrants. #MAGA #BuildtheWall
There are hundreds of thousands of AMERICANS needing a better life. TAKE CARE OF YOUR OWN FIRST!!!!
Yeah and while they find a better life Americans get shit on and have to support the immigrants an get called racist when we say no more
Then that should tell them to stay the Hell out we don't want to support them with Obamaphones, Obamacare, education, welfare, food stamps

Because #CrookedDonald is a KKK guy.
Mr Schumer. Be cause they are coming illegally. Illegal is the key word. I appreciate that they want to be here but do it right.
Are they legal? That's all people ask and what about the persecuted Christians?
Misleading again.  Legal immigrants are welcome.  Illegal aliens are not.  They abuse the US and we are not taking it anymore :)
They are being portrayed as rapists and killers by Trump. Huge injustice even if we agree to limit the number.
Just make sure they come here legally
No they are not.  Only illegals that are criminals are being targeted.  Stop the lies
Please remember there is a difference between legal and illegal immigration.  People who do illegal acts get targeted, deal with it.
Oh my
Only illegal immigrants... follow the law
Legal immigrants that don't want to kill us are not "targeted". Those entering illegally and those wanting us dead need to go.
You need to wake up . America is being attacked and targeted. They must have something on you because you want them here.
Millions of Americans are looking for a better life for their family. They're being targeted & attacked in unprecedented ways.
Support nation
More proof that you just don't get it. People support LEGAL immigration. Why don't you take note of that?
Not if there hear LEGALLY.  YA FOOL
Hey you and the rest of the Dems!! All live in Protection.. come down to the real world! You and Crooked Hillary. All of you!!
WE OBJECT TO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS! We don't target or attack LEGAL IMMIGRANTS! Can't you LIBTARDS get this concept through your heads?!!
because they are ILLEGAL!
NO MORE ILLEGALS.
Tell that to the victims of the MS-13 gang.oh, never mind...they're all dead.
Tell them to get in line and come here legally.
Are these legal or illegal immigrants you clown there is a difference #buildthewall #MAGA
You let so many in Senator/especially the illegal immigrants/Round them up like during WWII  TheJapanese,Germans&Italians put in Camps eh?
They shouldn't B here at all! Dems have no right 2 make MC Taxpayers support these people & not have enough 4 our own family! Send them back
Hey Libertard, legal or illegal immigrants?
Persist
Tell the whole story Mr. Schumer
Just the ones that come ILLEGALLY!  Now we know which immigrants you support.   Legal immigrants stand with POTUS!
Only the ones coming illegally. Don't be a demagogue Chuck, it's unseemly!
These people you talk about are illegal aliens not immigrants. Immigrants wait in line and get vetted before being admitted to the USA 
millions of immigrants come to commit crimes; we need to get tough with them by ending sanctuary cities; every crime they commit is on u
legal immigrants are not being targeted or attacked. What are you talking about?
And wants to become part of the fabric of our society. Not change and destroy it.
U forgot the word ILLEGAL!!!!!! The legal ones r more than welcome. Actually I have one working for me. He is great.
Your a liar !!!!! Don't confuse illegal immigrants & legal immigrants your being dishonest in your message!
The ppl POTUS is targeting are drug cartell, MS13 gang members that terrorize our cities . All U care about is illegal votes!
Fine, then you should support & defend only legal ways for them to enter our sovereign country.  Just try to be honest.
Illegal ones commited a crime..
Wrong illegals are illegals you democrap fool.VOTER FRAUD IS DEMOCRAP VOTING.
Yes. Sad really. Millions and millions and millions. Over and on and on. All here soon.
Untrue and you know it!  #BullSchumer
LIES. STOP SPREADING LIES.  Illegal immigrants & they have no rights.  Come here like the rest of us legally
We support legal immigration, is it too much to ask for foreigners to follow our laws?????
It's ILLEGALS not all immigrants... LEGALS are as welcome as ever!  No attacks!!! Only current laws being enforced!!! Omission is lies!
Your full of sh*t Chucky! You neglected the "came here illegally part" and that's what happens to you when you break the law, duh.....
And to force us to become the country they've come from!They attack us! Obviously U only watchCNN orMSNBC!Open Ur eyes before it's too late!
Chuck....finish your sentence ....."because they are here illegally."  They are breaking the law.  Aren't we a country of laws?
No it's the ones who attack us and have warrants who are being targeted
Little children sit in school worrying if Mommy & Dad will B there when they get home #AmericaIsCruel #Trumprussia #IndependentInvestigation
But applaud the president on syria while forgetting that he still blocks their refugees in the travel ban.  We need new leadership.
Why you would applaud bombing anywhere people can't escape is beyond me.
Do you have your excuses written up for your losses in 2018?
They need to come legally.We citizens want a better life too but we subsidize the undocumented which drains our economy. Less funds to help!
The millions of legal immigrants are not getting attacked....just saying...
Millions of Americans voted for a wall
only the one's who come here and stay illegally. #DemocratsLiesMatter #smdh
Yeah, the sprinkler guys don had two tickets which he went down to pay; ice was there deported him 3 kids
Great news,  Americans are tired of illegals coming into our country. Don't understand Democrats wanting to give our county away.
Chucky, that's a great talking point! We the People want all immigrants here in America! Just not the ones that don't register!  (LEGAL)
No, just the illegals , all all welcome but there had to be procedures, #legalDocumentation
not true "illegal immigrants" being targeted. Why is it you dems can't distinguish between the two?
Americans are immigrants, 1st generation, 9th generation, we are all immigrants!
No one is targeting immigrants, Chuck. It's the ILLEGAL Immigrants that must be dealt with and processed LEGALLY!
It true and it's so sad
But legally is the part you leave out. Leading the reader to the conclusion you desire. Legals only!
FALSE.  Only illegal aliens -- Keep acting like a CHILD chuck.  It's not working and Americans disagree with your open borders policies.
you come here legally you follow the law! I have a green card and follow the law Nothing for illegals! You idiot! Retire please
Put illegal in front of the word numb nuts.
I also believe the facts show that the same number have been deported that work reported under the Obama administration
