He hasn't done one damn thing.  Not unexpected but still a major failure.
Apparently your head has been up your wazoo
Not even close.  Tell me what he's done besides sign a bunch of executive orders. Not one piece of legislation, no wall, no healthcare.
Yeah because of the Fn Schummer lead obstructionists
Not valid.  Republicans have the majority in both the House and Senate.  Want to try another excuse?
Why did it take so long to get his cabinet? #obstructionist.
Because the people nominated were grossly unqualified, i.e. Betsy DeVos, Rick Perry, Jeff Sessions (racist), etc.
Our PRESIDENT Donald Trump has done an amazing job! Why don't you demi support him? Let's work together!
What specifically has he done that's amazing?
...AND... Trump is not a politician nor are many of his cabinet (Board of Directors). He's doing pretty well despite Dems brutal opposition
Hahahahaha! That's rich... GOP controls everything... and Trump has filled the swamp with corrupt elitists
Working quickly to stuff their pockets with hard-working taxpayers' dollars. You think he actually cares one bit about you?! 
Dori, you're acting like Nancy Pelosi! All you want to do is be argumentative! #dumidrama #bitching #blahblahblah
Pardon me, but you're the troll who keeps chiming in here lovie 
Obviously I have a life.., only now I noticed your negative remarks! As always another #demifuck! Lol!!! #bitchbye
We wish the new President and his Cabinet and US Supreme Court selection the best for his administration and for Americans/global citizens.
Coming from crooked NYT?  I feel GREAT about first 100!
Schumer, you are a sleazy, sneaky, big mouth snake. Your downfall will be a pleasure to watch.
Trump has Schmuck Schumer to blame for getting the administration stuck in the mud - http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Stuck%20in%20the%20mud …
Not.
Every politician including you, makes promises that they don't keep. That's what the people know and believe about politicians.
We will wait and see if he gets Anything done!!@
He is not measuring up. Worst president ever!!
????  You must be talking about the bho administration- Trump has done very well, in spite of your tactics.
My business is now doing fantastic. Thank you @POTUS No thanks to Dimms. This was all DJT!!!! #MAGA
I am so happy with Trumps first 100 days, the only thing that could make it better is if there were less Democrats in Congress to block him.
How about is own people blocking him.
Best 100 days ever or at least better than ur beloved obama the racist bigot he is did nothing 4 the American worker Largest deficit EVER
NY Times: headed for toilet ville

best ever!!! that is why u cannot stand it!
Let me add to what most everybody else has been telling you...He has done great! He gets a A+. You, Senator, need to stop obstructing.
lol better then you promising everything to non Americans.Boy your my new pile of traitor http://shit.You  make me sick
So much more could be done if @SenSchumer stops mafia politics. If you cared about , you would start trying to work with @realDonaldTrump
Mr Schumer.. President Trump has done superbly well consdiering  the hatred coming from the left. SHAME on you for disrespecting the POTUS
Trump has done FABULOUS! We love all he's done. You dems just don't want to admit it, or MSM because your all still butthurt at losing.
measures up GREATLY! WE THE PEOPLE R ecstatic..POTUS Trump WILL b known as the BEST US President in history!  you DEMONcrats will go byebye!
Excuse me, but IMO the 1st dys 4 the 'Do-Nothing-Dems' =worst on record
Y'all satDown-satOut-hidNthe
[If DJT wants it-y'all don't]!SAD4
I'm disappointed with Chucky he only wants to destroy America &not worked together. He is elite liberal never cared about Middle America
NYT....   Now there's an objective source of editorial broadcast!
It has to be 100% amazing just to see how your Fascist anti- American party are at a great meltdown keep crying & making fool of yourselves
The best 1st 100 days in history!
@realDonaldTrump is doing great! He's doing everything within his power to move USA forward
And most honorable Senator Schumer, please name one thing you and the Democrats have done to support our President.
He is Awesome. A real leader that will stop the failure of America. You need to resign Chuck.
His first 100 days have done more than your entire career obstructionist Chuckie.
Between you, Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters, I can't tell which one is dumber. You really need to go.
Love how you are now threatening POTUS. Careful Chucky
#cryingchuck you've been in office for a hell a lot longer and have done less than @realDonaldTrump has in #100days #maga
lol @ broken promises. Your disgraceful Chuck. Ashamed that I used to call myself a democrat. Get your facts straight.
You don't like Trump because he's not wasteful with taxpayer money,  like you career politicians.
#BrokenPromises exist becuz of lazy ass Senators like you who pontificate while crying #FakeTears. U'r part of the prob vs part of solutions
He's doing a great job!
It would have been a whole lot better if you would have helped a bit instead of being and obstructionist.
Chuck, you need to start governing and stop campaigning.  We, the voters, are gettin pissed off.  So stop acting like a sore loser
Build the wall already! You just don't want it, because Trump is the one who finally wants to build it!
In what universe do u live? POTUS has done only great things 4 US.
A+...jealous BotoxChuckie?
Pres. Trump measures up just fine. The leftists have been playing games that they will regret in future elections and the near future.
thank God 4 Trump! My way or hi way was 8yrs of Bigeared Baboon lying corrupt anti-American commi Bama! Spygate jail!
An old has-been NY SEN who is not & never will be President is still talking BS about the Greatest American President since Ronald Reagan.
You would know about broken promises, lies and hypocrisy!
A+++
President Trump has done more for America than Obama did in 8 years. Get ready to see the next 8 years of a Real President at work...
I think he's done pretty well considering all the opposition that's against him. Be a leader please and stop trying to be a crybaby
has been a president for the people not politics thank you president trump
You liberals are fools and are damaging our country - I hate you
Yup, FANTASTIC job, the ppl have wises up 2 you & your croonies evil destruction. Why we voted TRUMP

Hes actually doing a hell of a lor more than you and isnt taking a salary for it.When is the last time that you did anything for nothing?
The best in a long time. Chucky how would your career get rated?FFF and a F please resign.that will help make America great
100 days of Trump is far better than 8 years of Obummer or one more day of Schumer
Great job to the president. Things are actually being down. Dems and Mr Schumer must get to work for the American people.
Done not down
He is worse than expected impeach him as soon as possible
Terrible! This isn't America what Americans deserve! This ahole is taking everything away from us and getting away with it!
Trump is doing great, Schumer is destroying the dysfunctional Democratic Party, for this job Schumber gets an A+.
Pay attention this time to the massive crowds that Trump brings in at his rallies, the more you obstruct, the more our support for him grows
President Trump has created more jobs for Americans in his first 100 days than Obama did during his entire term of 8 years
What a surprise! The NYT didn't like the first #100Days. The voters of PA disagreed last night. The Dems are doomed with reps like you.

Never get tired of make'in an ass of yourself do ya @SenSchumer
Thank God he is president!
Schmuck Schumer   Millions think you are awful.  Show us your taxes
President Trump as done more than any other President in America history. Great job President Trump.
He's an embarrassment and a disgrace to the office of presidency and America.
Compared to the last 3,000 days of bankrupt Socialist Agenda, I'd say pretty good! That's EXACTLY why you guys lost so many seats!
Schumer is an idiot there is no leadership in the Democratic Party running rudderless same old story nothing to offer you're not diverted
Give it a rest!  I agree with the President's assessment of you last night in PA
The sad thing is he is not sharp enough to come out of his Wonderland & realize he has 1:Gorsuch. Ok Trump go back & play on the mood swings
He's better than 8 years of obama and you democrat obstructionists
Democrats delayed his cabinet and he's not biz as usual. He's purposely going to change work flow and amend or do-over agreements.
You can go on home because you are not doing anything for the country and wait to get voted out of office cry alittle more
Consider the source-nyTimes...  Trash newspaper with zero credibility!
Thank you for sharing. Music has certainly helped me since the imbecile entered the White House #resist #whinylittlebitch #notmypresident
What a brainwashed person you are
We love trump, he's doing an  amazing job, would be even better if dems would work kell at all!!
All you dimwits can do is LIE
Best President ever (after Reagan). He was set for life and didn't have to do this but sacrificed to serve his country. What a great man!
The worst Presidency I have ever witnessed in 50 yrs. a disgrace. Did you hear his God awful speech tonight slamming Dems & WHCD?
Is that what you play as you have a good cry, Chuckie?
He did a lot considering all you did was say "no"
Trump is the BEST POTUS EVER. He's HONEST and is doing a FANTASTIC job. 
And he will be reelected so get use 2 it.
NYT is a rag. Trump could have cured the world's diseases and they would still be negative. Doing a great job in spite of Dem obstruction.
We cannot endure another 100. If Congress won't impeach who else can we turn to. #ImpeachTrump before his stupidity kills us all
You crying again Schumer?
LOVE YOU TRUMP THANK YOU FROM ALL THE MILITARY.  THANK YOU FOR NOT LETTING OUR FRIENDS BURN ALIVE!
Really want to know watch Fox News
A+!
Too bad it has to be this way. But #45 doesn't have a clue and doesn't (or isn't able to) learn.

Obama is the worst president ever you commie a hole
Kicked the hell out of Big-O's first 8 years. Punk #Backtoworksenator.
During @POTUS' first #100Days he has fulfilled promise after promise & we're already seeing results. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wasnt for obstruction from the snowflake party more would get done
A plus!
How did u & #Obama do his 1st 100 days???????
Dishonest and wrong!
@realDonaldTrump has had 100 days. You've had years and you're still a loser. #termlimits #fakesenator
Trump's first 100 days has meant more than your last 8 years in. Congress!
Crushed it! Especially compared to the little bit Congress and Senate accomplished
Chucky time to stop smoking that stuff and wake up time to make america great again
Train has left without you
Great!! It would have been even better if Congress would stop opposing him on EVERY issue.
HIS 100 DAY'S IS AWESOME WE HAD 8 YEAR'S OF FAILURE AND EVEN MORE IF YOU COUNT BUSH
Historians say "worst 100 days ever." Record low approval ratings. So much winning (or was that whining?). #Trumpocrite
This President has done more 4 the American people in 100 days then u & obama did in 8 years
@CNN @GOP @DNC @seanhannity One thing President Trump has done is show the ineptitude of the Democratic Party and a few republicans! Sad!

It doesn't measure, doesn't even reach the bar!  He's a resounding F!  @POTUS has completed 1 item with his contract with America!  Sad.
Wonderful that's how
Really?  U need to ask?  Please. #LyingPOTUS. #MostCorruptPOTUS
Doing a great job
For giggles Chuckles, what have you done in private business for anybody but yourself?  You,Nancy, Maxine and the rest do it for yourselves
Ok so if the Rep were obstructionist like the Dems with Obama, they would be called racist. What do you call the violent Libs obstructing?
Better than Obama did in his 8 years.
We are living the nightmare.
Who is WE?  I certainly am not!
So do you think you can take credit for being an #Obstructionist?
#100DaysOfTrump has be amazingly spectacular! From glory to glory
Better than your last 100 days
On a scale of 0 to 10 Trump gets a 9 and the Democrats get a 1! as a school grade. @realDonaldTrump gets A- and Democrats Obstruction a  D
Mr. Schumer..Who Is Actually Leading @TheDemocrats Today?
Like a knife in a gun fight
Let's compare it with Obamas first 100 days of distraction of Constitutional laws & starting his wholesale sale of USA 2Iran & Islamic Pals!
A lot better than your last 20 years of doing nothing
He has worked harder and done more than most Presidents and way more than Congress ever has!  Would have been better without Dem obstruction
He's taken more days off than any prez He's lazy
He is the best. He is forging ahead even with the resistance from the Democrats. Dems join in making America Great or get voted out
YOU are personally working hard to obstruct & ridicule every move @POTUS makes, no worries he has 2820 more days to #MAGA! What have u done?
To sum up: Trumps first 100 days. Bad
I'd give him a B+. You get an F-. Snake Oil Schumer lying again.
