And when we see our leaders stand up for us, we want to support them.  Thank you @SenSchumer!
They aren't standing up they are sitting down and criticizing ... ask them to show you solutions
Or you could just look them up yourself:
Yawn!!!

Trump wants ACA to become unsustainable. Pls tell me Dems plan to introduce bill to fix ACA. Shows we are working for the ppl.
He can't tell you that, because if he did he would be telling you a lie.  Just like Obama's administration has done.
It added 47 likes
Call out president trump for attacking Joe and Mika on MSNBC.  His attacks on women are in a word.... "deplorable"
Remove the FREE healthcare now given to ILLEGALS & welfare cheats! The Democraps constituents! Then there'll be plenty of $ for citizens!

Funny how you don't hear Chuckie talk about how the Dems put us in this spot in the first place and have no repair in mind
Because that's a lie.
Then put it fourth
Toot toot beep beep How's that Koch addiction going?
That crowd is the dems paid protestors
@foxandfriends @POTUS   See chuck like this ? this is not helpful  so which fight or talk u cant have it both ways mr career politician
Ur healthcare will be safe don't worry Congress.
So how long before ObamaCare bankrupts this country? This was not a right before. How many millions died before?? Scare tactics won't work
This is sick!
It starts with that one voice and then it gathers more
I support your resistance to this "health" or rather deathcare bill 100%.
If they want Obamacare ask them to show us the solutions
Chucks compassion is a farce he and his swamp dwellers just want to retain power and control over the healthcare of the entire country.
WE WANT SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE! NOW!!! #SinglePayerNow #hr676 #MedicareForAll
Typical right wing talking points. Screw you and your family it's the survival of the fittest, right?
Why is not the Senate or Congress on ObamaCare?. Some are receiving better treatmemt than others today. Are YOU among them? Double standards


take to the streets wherever you are
When are Democrats going to get #BigInsurance and #BigPharma out and work for #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthcare? #GetMoneyOut #DemExit
you and obama ruined this country.  sic!
The GOP has no other choice!  Obamacare is gone! Insurance companies are pulling out left and right!  So shut up Schumer
You misinform the public.  It's called obstructionism.
let's do it
Is this all you know how to do? Where is YOUR plan Chuck?!?! Show us!
Hair plugs are also a human right.
so glad the weather is cooler than normal for all this!
stop misleading those foolish kids doing your dirty work. Five special elections were an omen. Listen up and #WiseUp
The average income in the us is 52000 a year. Bringing home 35000. Insurance rates tripled under the ACA. Repeal and don't replace the ACA.
All democrats do is blame eveyone else for what they did themselves. Healthcare is power over the people thats why they want control
Lol you got no shot Mr. Scumer
Get back to work Chuck! What do we pay u for again?! This isn't about u. You are neither the solution nor are u providing 1. #novacation4u!
Have your followers read, "Useful Idiots"  It will give them a clear and precise understanding of your intentions w healthcare. #BigPix
Obamacaid is killing our healthcare system. You and your party are liars. All you want is for Americans to be dependant on the government.
How are you going to explain to your constituents when Obamacare collapses due to no insurance companies in the marketplace?
Obamacare is broken. Go back to work, cross the isle and get healthcare back on track. Stop playing politics and being part of the problem.
Is that when you're out with your gay friend
u better stop all that ridiculous protesting chucky.
What have the Democrats done this year. Protest. That's it not productive.
Chuck believes Obamacare is good enough for the stupid little people but certainly not good enough for him.
Chuck, if Obamacare is so great, why aren't you on it?
Crawl back in the hole you came from Chubky.
Hello do u hear the other side or just your side Obama care isn't working HELLO
Yup..and a THIRD of the angels JOINED lucifer's coup..just like YOU (Revelation 12:7-12)Get USED to the LOSING team, chuckieBoy
If you Dems really care then go help the Republicans on this! Stop the scare tactics and get to work!
Hey, how about combining Congress' health care with the citizens?  Your HC is government sponsored. Americans surly are equal to Cngress?


Of course nobody wants to give up what is free (to them)
country voted for getting rid of Obamacare
U care about one person Senator, yourself! The theatrics & fake tears!Nonsense Obamacare hurts America.We want it gone!We will prevail! MAGA
There is a lot of people without adiquite healthcare. My friend payed almost 2000.00 to see her OBGYN. She saw him 1 in 8 months due to  $$$
Stop lying. We don't want government healthcare. We like to make our own choices. Less Government where has big government got us? Lier

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
It's called Obama Care and if you want it please keep it...
Not me I wanna tell you a thing or 2. Not nice things either
Why don't the democrats work with the GOP on healthcare? They don't care about Americans? They should help fix the O care mess they made
Gosh, millions of ppl in this county U get roughly 15k likes! Get off the stairs of the capital & get inside & work to make things better.
#repealobamacare #nosocialism Schumer lies
What's your solution to our healthcare problem? Or are you so blind to believe the current system is working? Which is it?
"Cry" it from the rooftops, Chuck! Remember, both parties have people of good conscience and those who'd sell their soul for a penny.
Do you, Pelosi, Winters & Waters ever hear your  Constituents? American Citizens want you to stop hurting everyone with your lies!
@NancyPelosi @LouDobbs @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump Why aren't all Democrats on Obamacare if it is so good? They bailed out from the start!
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
Hear Hear

What a joke your do nothing party gave us Obama Care an over priced plan designed to fail to bring about socialized medicine destroying us.

If your going to do it do it the right way
When Obamacare fails, GOP help it as much as the Democrats helped Republicans with their bill, not one vote.
SCHIMER IS A FAKE MAN WITH FAKE HAIR
Please don't do pass the bill, Obamacare will fail completely and the democrats will be responsible.
Thank you, Senator, for your steadfast leadership!
Please read.
Short and to the point. 
Feeling Worse http://nyer.cm/viK88UX  via @newyorker
Oh please rotten to the core is Obama care..why don't you get off ur ass and work with the GOP and get healthcare done instead of resisting!
I spoke out for America, parties have nothing to do with it.
@SenBennetCO This doesn't sound like participating but sabotage. @POTUS
HYPOCRITES
#MAGA KILL OBAMACARE
Single working Fatehr, My Insurance more than doubled after the 1st year of Obama Care.Oh,I never exceeded my deductable. Thanks Dems!!!!!!
Chuck, why not show some leadership and get rid of the $50 Billion of Medicare/Medicaid fraud that happens EVERY year.  Don't you care?
Try being honest. No one is trying to kill ppl. Too many ppl have lost coverage under O'care & many more about to. What about their lives?
How much did you have pay
As he swept down to view the peasants, and he wept. Quit it!
When I see you out there I want puke

You can keep your healthcare if you want you can also keep your doctor just like Obama promised. Wait why did I lose all of them???
Work together for a terrific healthcare bill.  For once in a longgggg time, work together for the American people!
Term limits !!!
Looks like a pretty small crowd Chuck.  Better get on the horn to Soros.
How much did you pay these people?  Don't they have jobs?
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting for us. We need you!
Obamacare is dead, what are YOU doing other than "speaking out" you useless hack?
You need to break the Republican alliance now. They are fractured. Pull the more moderate members in with bills they care about.
Chuck is rotten at the core. Liar, obfuscater, architect of destructive politics.
Based on the laws you've already enacted, family health care insurance is more expensive than the mortgage.
And by pay, I don't mean the super rich.  I mean those that really pay the taxes. U seem seem to despise us and act like we are evil
LOSERS!
You seem to ONLY represent people who demand something for free. Ur failure is that you never speak from the side of those who pay
Can I keep my doctor and plan you big fat liar ????
DON'T ENCOURAGE RIOTS! THAT IS NOT FOR A SIVILIZED COUNTRY! DO NOT SHARE YOUR HATE FOR THE USA WITH OTHERS! BAD
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
Not me...
Very theatrical, we believe the force is very strong with this one. He is asking for people to join because others have? #woke #TheRebelUSA
Wonder why the Dems leave the part of CBO report out that says the Deficit will be reduced substantially over 10 years. They hate that part
2018 WILL be when the DEMS feel the wrath of America for ONE LAST time! Rammed O care up our *** and it's ANOTHER Dem failure U R TO BLAME!!
Let Obama care IMPLODE! Then there WILL BE NOTHING and You & yours will be exposed for the do NOTHING failures u are! Why don't U have Ocare
The elitist Dems saddled Americans with the disgusting O care failure while YOU dem elitist politicians have Cadillac ins that WE PAY FOR!!
Drain the swamp means get rid of the failure that is the democrats!! Just LOOK at Illinois! Another example of libtard FAILURE!!!RIPdems2018
keep your doctors, the ACA will lower premiums by $2500 per family!  ALL lies! Let's see a CBO report on the ACA as it is currently!
Chuck Schumer - There are millions and millions of people without Healthcare today. Why didn't talk to them if Obamacare is so good?
Walk across the isle, converse, negotiate, resolve, complete. Simple and done stop running your mouth work for America
Passed obamacare led your constituents to believe it was awesome.  All a lie
Lol if GOP does nothing at all ,than what?? Obamacare is a total failure
That's a first you have to show up more than 1 time when it suits your narrative. People protest and haven't read it
Know one wants Dems Pelosi and Schumer!  U R the past WE THE PEOPLE Want CHANGE! INDEPENDENT PARTY to Drain All of U Out
Schumer the liar!
They are speaking out against obamacare it is KILLING us
What Have you done to make it better
if u were doing ur job u would working with others rather than just speaking out against
The ACA is not working premiums sky high and good luck finding a doc. No single payer! No more entitlements!
That only works for followers Chuck

not leaders
GET ANGRY CHUCK! @SENMAJLDR MITCH McCONNEL & HIS BEHIND CLOSED DOORS @GOP DESERVE A HARSH REBUKE FOR THEIR HEARTLESS CORRUPTION!
Corruption , the swamp is draining.  Thank God
Can you see the printed banners?  Another SOROS rally you are hosting Senator
@SenateGOP discriminate against @DNC , Democrat voters. Evil
have U told these poor people the Democrats have been lying + Obamacare will soon be dead! Have U told them Democrats want socialized care?
Is to push it back to the free market where it belongs.
Just like your tweet. This is not about your concern for Americans. It's about u trying to keep power. The only way to decrease healthcare
Hey Chuck is Soros funding your "impromptu" demonstrations?
Seems strange that professional signs show up at a so called "impromptu" demonstrations - more like a pre-planned Soros paid event.
We have the rest of the week and all #HOLIDAY 
#WEEKEND to get out there and #MAKE OUR #VOICES #HEARD
#TAKE IT TO #WASHINGTON D.C
I think you are a prime example of why we need term limits! You have gone way over yours!
NOW MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW MEDICAR...
How do I get these people out there on a work day? That's right, they work for u, so they don't work. This pic is a joke.
This protest is ridiculous&infantile and doesn't help your hard working constituents who are going broke paying 4 Obamacare they can't use.
Dems created this MESS . Protests won't get us out of it.
So keep coming. Pls get those silent senators out as well.  Bill Nelson you listening?
What a mess, sch misleading everyone he can. #UseLessSch
"Beyond the political noise, there are families across the nation suffering under Obamacare." @GOP #UseLessShc
We carried the same signs when Obama and Dems were forcing ObamaCare down our throat.. What did Dems say ' Elections have consequences '..
Thank you @SenSchumer
It's a shame Mitch the bitch won't include the democrats to work on this. Trump will buy those holding out & turn them to yes men. #Screwed
Our deductible went up 130% & premium is up 118% under ObamaCare.. My wife a cancer patient lost her Doctor.. I'm speaking against Dem law!
Crooks. As soon as dems lose power the floodgates of corruption, collusion, wrong doing open up and we finally see what you have been up to.
Schumer u misinterpret misrepresent take license with vocabulary to incite mistrust and hate toward US government "cuts exclude die"as if
Oh look another Trump troll/bot.
Let it fail on it on
Sen. Coons just said an insurer told him premium increases due 2 "market uncertainty" - future profits. Won't change until Medicare for all!
I DON'T WANT THE GOVERNMENT IN HEALTHCARE PERIOD!!!
I do. Give me the choice and you stay with Insurance Companies.
Thank You @SenSchumer #Allin4America needs our leaders in the street with us fighting the #TrumpCare disastrous bill 
Yeah ok, then leave ACA in place and then no one has coverage when it implodes, great plan!!
100s of thousands dying on Obamacare cant afford deductibles, premiums or no coverage in their area
What Healthcare? Did I miss something? Obama care is dead so what healthcare Chucky?
How about bi-partisan support to disband the @AmerMedicalAssn/RUC in order to regulate the healthcare costs-1200% increase since 1991
Value of $ decreased 45%, inflation grew 2.3%, and middle class shrunk to 50% since 1991, yet taxpayers are funding healthcare millionaires
Entitlements must be reduced or Medicare/Cade and SS will be gone in your lifetime Chuck!
Chuck, better start moving.. Not just the GOP is being graded.
Get working!!! 2018 is coming and all of Congress is at the Voter's mercy 
Have a bill ready to fix ACA next week. Then work w Sen GOP to make it work. We'll made calls to FIX ACA
What healthcare do they have asshole. Tell them the truth about Obamacare....or perhaps the Repubs should give them what they want.
Call Trump and ask him to send the bus for you and tell him what we want.remind him what he promised on the trail, the dem's deserve a voice
2nd then he can't deny we won't work with them
Democrats voice is fake 
