COLUMN: I'm moving from a box seat to the bleachers of politics http://poststar.com/opinion/columnists/column-i-m-moving-from-a-box-seat-to-the/article_c99fbce5-71ba-5826-bb0d-7c2262e767f3.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=user-share … via @poststar
I will miss you so much!

please resign now chuck impeach chuckled to long in office
Schumer,  You sent armed gangs into our streets to destroy and physically attack AMERICANS! we won't forget
Schumer,  we are still waiting for you to denounce antifa!!!  Is it because YOU encouraged them?
I don't love Maury, but obviously you're entitled to your own interests.  Much better than Trump's love of white supremacy & sexual assault.

Ha!  The only thing Trump has accomplished is showcasing just how excellent a leader Obama was and still is...that, and support Nazis.
U can't be serious.
You take political images like this at face value, don't you?  I guess that's easier than questioning what one angry, racist man tells you.
Racist. Have u Deen watching CNN and MLSD again. Stop.drinking the coolaid, and come out from the fog.
A hilarious recommendation coming from someone that gets his info from Fox News and Trump's ass.
Not even close. Since there is no proof of racist.
I don't love Maury! Speaking of retirement, when is your old and out dated ass going to retire? We'll all rejoice on that day!
I'll bet no one misses you!
Schmuck Schumer
Thus far chucky's ERA is cashing a taxpayer paycheck.
You'd think all these people angrily replying to this might actually, I don't know, read the link you tweeted with it.
You should consider following his lead.

Awan Council of Pakistan
maybe you should follow that path!
Chuckie cheese why don't u follow him n retire dickweed
You should follow his lead immediately
email is legal. fox lied. democrats dont watch fox. go back to russia
GOOD MORNING COMRADE SCHUMER
Resign you freakingloser
Schummer 
Don't you have any work to do for the American people?
Well schumer is the 2nd most despicable person in all of congress!
And your the one that cleans up the wale shit if you support this admin
Who is Maury?
Alert Chuck Schumer loser extravagant
Thanks President Trump for your generous personal donation to Harvey Relief. @POTUS
He owes it as  much as that shithead spends on the secret service.... my tax dollars let him defund secret service and we will all be saved
Did you donate to the hurricane disaster relief? Our President who donates his paycheck, donated 1mill. What are you donating?
Ruining of American TV...
Not Maury Povich...Maury Thompson the writer. I thought that too initially lol
Here is the truth why the Democrats all over Trump with the FAKE news.
What are you doing for Texas ? Busy bad mouthing trump? That's real helpful
Why don't you do Americans a favor and retire Schumer...
We can all complain what you don't like.The question is can you help resolve the issues. It's easy to complain.A true leader attempts to fix
Who?
Who gives a shit about Maury, get the goddam healthcare fixed, and cut taxes you vampire 
Hey chuck where is your donation to help Texas 
LEADER OF THE PARTY KKK DEMOCRATS CREATED IN THE MID 1800'S

That's really rude.

You must live on on other planet.

Not from New York, my initial thought was of another Maury.
Chuck,  you should retire.
illegals don't mind the country they pretend to flee from,never improve itself even with all those outsourced jobs from USA. example Mexico
Who cares ,Americans would love you to retire but we will remove you nice and peacefully before long!
You just don't want to hear you are the father
Does Maury pander to illegals for VOTES like you do Chuck?

President Trump puts 
AMERICA AND AMERICANS 1st!!

THANK YOU @POTUS ! 
How about you follow suit crybaby?
Will you cosponsor @SenSanders bill enabling Medicare for all when it is introduced in 2 weeks?
Medicare for all is a terrible idea. You need the gov to tell you which health insurance to buy or just broke and want free stuff?
where was protest against enforce immigration law during 1990s?deport majority of illegals=foreign countries can't interfere in usa election
Maybe he'll stop sucking air now.
illegals import more illegals by daca/dapa=not normal inflation=cost of things like medical/rebuilding Houston/sustain benefits unreasonable

Who's daddy(s) baby is that
globalist love Mexico to never improve by toss illegals on USA/be cheap  for outsourcing.dems use illegals to increase their own gov pension
