the dems may want to help, @GOP doesn't want to make this better for we the people.  good luck Senator, I stand w/you on this.
Why would they want to help when they took our original healthcare and destroyed it?
the difference between dems and repubs:
repubs want laws to make their lives better. dems want laws to make everyones lives better
Actually Repubs want less law, more individual reliance.  2 things you can never have at the sametime is more freedom and less government.
Um, no one wants less law. We want law and order. We also want less govt intrusion into our lives.
Um, 926 new laws in Ca alone, but to you that's not govt intrusion?  If you are going to be sarcastic at least be good at it.
Dems are totally responsible for a failed system you had 8 yrs to fix!
What? Do you realize how wrong that is? Lol. Dems had 2 years in power. Republicans have had 7+. Wow.
And how many EOs did O use trying to fix a failing system, which didn't work.  Remember he had a pen and phone so circumvented Congress.
You obviously don't understand law. It's ok. But maybe do some research? And use credible sources for your own bene.
these are also the same people that screamed "dictator!" every time obama signed an EO. You cant reason with or fix stupid.
Copy that Jim.
No one believes for a minute Dems are sincere in honestly wanting to work with Repubs. Ever heard of boy who cried wolf? Dims want to stall
GOP tried to dismantle ACA. Let's make it better and show them what Dems can do. Let's go!
We have seen what Dems can do! They ruined the BEST healthcare IN THE WORLD and replaced it with Obamacare! They are MORONS!
Chuck, Chuck, Chuck. They want higher premiums, an unstable market and less coverage. I don't think they will work you.
That has already happened when Obama was president and ruined the best healthcare in the world!
It was not the best HC in the world.
No it is not. But the GOP want to roll it back so fewer are insured or repeal and hope to have a plan in 2yrs. HC needs to be improved.
Let's work together to get this treasonous criminal administration out of the White House. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Chuck sure wish you had BALLS TO LEAD!
What no good are you up to Chukie? You'll become a leaker you can't be trusted
You will work with the Repubs as long as you get your own way!  Waaaaaaaaa!
Quite the "Joker" ALWAYS LIE to AMERICA!!! Confirmations & ALL @realDonaldTrump AGENDA OBSTRUCTED!!! @Scaramucci @FoxNews @WashTimes @AP
You just keep pushing the buttons, you love to divide the people.

Where were you when you crammed down that peice of crap ACA?  You took working Americans doctors and insurance from us.
You weren't eager to work with the GOP when you passed Obamacare without one GOP vote! This mess is yours Chuckie!
If it wasn't for the conservatives and Republicans you would've kept it the way it was
No you dont youve been obstructing every step of the way.
LIAR! If you really meant it then you would have done it years ago. FU!
Stop trying to make yourself look good. You don't! Obstructionist!

Eager? Wow. What a sham. You see the writing on the wall. Suddenly "for" creating "jobs"  and infrastructure? Like Trump you mean? We see.
Your so full of it. Is all you do is resist trump.
The Government should have NEVER stuck their hands in the HC system in the first place! Now ppl think that the government owes them! WRONG!
#Teapublican obstructionism prevented anything constructive from taking place, remember? We do.
Two words; Bull+
The rich ones
Really?  Prove it.  So far, nothing good from the Dems.
You really want permission from your base to work with the President because it's in your political best interest. Old dogs need new tricks.
Democrats have not lowered the cost of ANYTHING in my lifetime. You can't build your reputation on the future; the past speaks for itself.
You sir, are a proven liar. Zero credibility. Resign. #StartNew
....working with the GOP to improve our country, is like working with Russia to improve our cyber security....oh wait....
Certainly sir...
REPEAL OBAMACARE IS THE ONLY WAY!
How will that put money in the pocket of the Rich? It won't. Don't expect the greedy #GOP to do something to help Americans.
Oh the Russia obsession. So great. Democrats charge you an arm and a leg while their healthcare is wonderful & you worry about Russia?
stock market is up on speculation of repealing regs like dodd frank that would make the rich richer. Youre a fool.
dopey socialist answer. EVERYONES RETIREMENT PLAN IS TIED TO THE STOCK MARKET.
... i never said it wasnt ans that has no bearing on why the market has moved up. Before you call my statements dopey, grow a brain.
so its not just the rich getting richer is it.
No insurance company subsidies.  No Single Payer and punish drug industry for creating opioid epidemic. They knew problem from obscene sales
If this Better Deal does not include Medicare For All or at least a Public Option, you have totally missed the best idea to win in #2018
what a crock! you haven't work with gop at all! Quit obstructing Trump and do you jobs!

You said it best: 
"Go to regular order. Have committee meetings.  Allow amendments..." THAT'S what it takes to craft a bill.
if true. what's are your ideas chuckie? you created the mess: fix it! or state how you would!
then tell them to stop sabotaging the ACA , missusing ACA funds to derail it.
Sure u r. U guys only work well together when screwing over the commoners.
Trump cares?
#SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer. It's what the people want and it will win elections
Schumer should recuse himself from health insurance talks, since he was a big factor in destroying it
You are eager to work w/GOP only if they follow your agenda! Not happening! We voted you out & don't need your input! #MyPresident is #MAGA
Why do you lie so freaking much? Stop Obstructing. YOU know you are, WE know you are & that is why you lose
Cry and lie....
Lier!
Yea, right, you're just there to obstruct! LIES, as usual, why haven't you done anything?
I will feel good about my health care when you and congress have the same plan that I have
Liar
Help.Obamacare became law in 2010. Did we get medical care before? Never saw ppl dieing in street in 60's 70's 80's or 90's. What changed?
& the people on each Coast, tons of people R suffering on ur failing plan, u should be ashamed & beg the GOP 2 help. #suckitschumer #MAGA
You won't do that because you're too much of a coward. Think about the majority of the Democrats in this country not just the Liberals...
forget Obamacare there's so many rules and regulations that cannot be repealed so let it implode and start from fresh.
Ocare has failed. Let it implode and come together with the GOP and show the American people that you give a shit about them....
with the GOP to help come up with a good plan. Your words "if 'repeal' is in the language of the bill we refuse to work with them"....
about the citizens of the United States. All they care about is getting reelected. If you cared about your constituents you would work....
Senator, you guys need to be running ads on TV nationwide on what the dems want to do regarding HC. Let them know DJT is breaking promises
Bullshit! U created Obamacare fiasco! Worst piece of legislation ever passed by & legislative body anywhere at any time. Doomed from start
Since GOP is not forthcoming w/ their actions, are the Senate DEMS developing ideas of their own to improve ACA, ideas about budget, etc?
And yet they weren't during obamacare. How about dems and repubs have to actually live under both plans?

You don't want to work with them you snake. First chance you get you'll throw the GOP under the bus no matter what
Except the British Government are slowly destroying it
The British NHS is the best, look @ that for inspiration. L.sue
No your not, your a liar. All you want is to stop the success if the administration, OBSTRUCTIONIST.
Finally! Is the GOP getting it together and working for the people?
So when are you actually going to work?
What will take  to get  impeachment going? Before trump ruins our country,
YOU should ....the DEMS. put our H/C systems in the MESS that its in !!!!!!
#fakenews propose a plan, IF you have one... "eager" ? Hah ! Who are you trying to fool ?? #fakenews #obstructionist #draintheswamp
So you are going to try n improve ACA, NOT repeal it?
Then why are you complaining & trying to sabotage every effort to do that?
Who believes that BS. You have obstructed President Trump at every opportunity and haven't given him one bit of support. Phony.
Yah right I don't believe a word you say
I'm a Dumbocrat and I support chuck Schumer
dems party of no and repubs party of no way TERM LIMITS for all the asshole congress and senate
why dont we just worry about russia and never get anything ever done
your not eager to work......
The new slogan is horrible. Too wordy. Doesn't flow.  Please reconsider this slogan. Beating Republicans is the goal.
I can't wait to see Obamacare implode! Then everyone will see how moronic politicians are when they think they no more than doctors!







You created this mess Schumer. The 23 million are the ones not forced to buy insurance. You lie &fear monger when U allowed obamas spending
Please get together and tell the public what you will do!!!!'
Tell us what's in the bill
Too bad you weren't eager to do that when you passed Obamacare.
Yeah, after you help collapse it, now you want to work.
GOP narcissistic Government not for the people.
I believe Dems will win this fight!

It's good to be a Democrat. Pass a failing law 7 1/2 years ago and then blame the guy that got here 6 months ago
Liar. FAKE MAN FAKE HAIR FAKE POL
Dems eager to work w/GOP? OMG, your sense of humor needs a little work. Your team has voted against everything in the last 6 months!
All we want is the same insurance that Congress gets. . Same benefits for all..same as congress,  that's fair ,.. right? Fairness
I think that fairness is exactly what Americans deserve.

Yes Mr Schumer.  Bipartisan.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey @RepMcSally @RepTrentFranks @RepGosar
The way things are going, you might be negotiating with a @MikePence24 team before '24
You had 7 years to do that why didn't you ?
Pretty sure your only "work" is to spend more taxpayer money on each of these.  How about doing something to REDUCE total costs?
You lined the pockets of ins companies fully knowing that we couldn't use the insurance.
Y didn't U fix it for 7 years? You sat back and watched as 8M people paid penalty and you forced others to buy a something they couldn't use
Maybe you should use your Cadillac insurance to see if there is a cure for being such a jerk.
BUT only as long as the GOP does it YOUR WAY, otherwise You are blowing it out your ass-AGAIN!
so where were you for the past 8 years?? where were you?? fess up chuckie why talk now??
Sen. Chuck why I pay thousands of dollar in dental care in Mexico only hundreds, fix the ACA
Mr. Schumer, I think you are a narcissistic anti American obstructionist and no one believes anything you say! Sorry if truth hurts.
Now that truly is Fake News!
Yeah but only if it is to improve Obamacare. No go.

When are the democrats going to start working with the GOP?
Oh yes as long as they do what we want we will work with them
Too bad you were not a Senator during Obama's Presidency. Your strong leadership was needed to fix the ACA.
U had 7 years to do that-what were you doing then?
You didn't even engage in discussion on the last bill, why the hell would anyone ever believe that nonsense?
You should of ran for President , you  more real from the few we can trust in this government.we appreciate you here in NY so thank you
While you work to take away our right as Americans to boycott #Israel This is shameful!
Well that is good Finally U R going to work with the GOP one thing no 1 needs your help Find a new country to work 4
Trump is destroying America, one department at a time. He needs to be removed. Meanwhile, thanks for working on healthcare.
Good luck Repulsivcan's agenda only includes more $ for rich, no compassion for US citizens & protecting DT & his merry band of thieves.
Eager only now bcuz you don't want to own OBAMACARE more self than the ppl motive.
HOW ?
Repeal Obamacare bring back competition of course insurance companies don't want this THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT THIS
All Americans - time for single payer!
don't spend all the money. I can't afford to pay. Taxes already to high.
Oh yeah chuck!New poll out today your rating in NY has dropped 10% ,,keep up good work maybe NY will elect a real man!!#MAGA
Remain eager????Youll have did nothing but have a 6 month Vacation on our tax Money!!Do something or step down!!
Make cancer treatment free..call it research..expand VA to accommodate patients..lets providers like @Aetna control costs & premiums
CAN CHUCK KEEP THE OVER ALL COST DOWN OR WILL HE GET CARRIED AWAY.????
LOL~ Mr. Schumer You Lie~
As long as we do it your way!  What a farce - you all enacted this crap and now will not let it die!  Lies anout how great it has been!
Remind me again why the DemocRATs passed Obamacare and then exempted themselves from it??
Cryin' Chuck Lyin' about Healthcare again. Why do you need to work with the GOP if the disastrous NObamacare is so great? #zerocredibility
Pharma transparency. Follow the money. American taxpayers paying the bills, individually and collectively. Profits, yes; Exploitation, no!
Repeal Obamacare. The government has no business being involved in health care.
PUT UP OR SHUT UP. LET'S SEE YOU ACTUALLY DO IT
Not going to happen.
Liar. You guys just want to complain about what's in it. Just do what you're good at and pass it to see what's in it.
They have to, Obama Care is the law and they can't let fail on purpose.
Why don't you do your job and get 200 appointees approved and let the big boys clean up the mess you and the other Dems made for America.
Please make heroic, diplomatic efforts to work with Repubs on healthcare. Thank you.
Yeah we know, just put everyone on Medicaid & Medicare. Fast track to financial collapse. No thanks.
My question, why didn't you make it a good bill 8 years ago, so we wouldn't be in this mess?
They are not interested stop playing GOP games call them out please
Yeah you guy's are pros at this healthcare shit!!!
But the GOP has no interest in working with the Dems.  And they still fail.  Hating on Americans not working.
Yeah I bet you would!



 yeah,right chucky. You've done a bang up job so far! Take your ill gotten gains and RETIRE already.
Let the GOP take a hike unless they want #SinglePayer or a #publicoption
Willing to cut budget & out of control deficit with that offer? Thought not, just out to bankrupt whole country.
 No thanks.

You are if repeal word is removed. So petty from someone like you. We need both term and age limits for D.C.

You aren't trying to work with anyone, no is fooled.
That will be a cold in LOL they don't want to work on it only more money for the rich
Should have got together with Rep when you. Crafted the shitty ACA. Then we could be just focused on jobs and terrorism. #swamp
I really hope y'all mean it.
Hahahahaha
Democrats lie about being eager to fix healthcare. They only want no budget,  more tax payer money and more borrowed money to spend
