For Melba daily activities are possible thanks to #Medicaid. She has a health aid who helps w/ meals, getting to work, even getting dressed.
During Superstorm Sandy, when the power went out, Melba's aid walked into Manhattan to be w/ her when she couldn't leave her 8th fl apt.
That wasn't by the grace of god. It was because of #Medicaid. Period.
My colleagues & I have been fighting for months for Americans like Melba. We won't stop any time soon.
If you have a story to tell, this is the time. Don't wait. Share it using #AmericaSpeaksOut
Yes, tell us your story Senator Schumer @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @VP @POTUS @WhiteHouse @LouDobbs
Bless her heart.
Maybe some of those who SUPPORT the Senate Healthcare bill can introduce us to their consitutents and tell us how it will help them.
EXACTLY
Sen Schumer, I'll apologize for the haters and Negative Nannies on here, who really don't have a clue what they are talking about. Resist!
THE MORE YOU RESIST THE MORE ELECTIONS REPUBLICANS WIN! RECENT EXAMPLE GEORGIA N S CAROLINA ELECTIONS LOL
Yes, your party has been very good at gerrymandering & voter suppression, but YOU will be crying by 2020. WE WILL PERSIST!! NEVER SURRENDER!
Using people in wheelchairs to push your partisan agenda.. Classy! 
Help your constituent by helping  PRES TRUMP'S AGENDA WITH HEALTH CARE N TAXES!THAT'S THE BEST way to help her! YOU DONT GET PD TO OBSTRUCT!
Still not paying for her healthcare.
You already are paying for her healthcare and you will continue to do so.
HAHA. Countinue to do so? People like me are tired of being taken advantage of by taxes. Sooner or later you will lose your single-payer.
If you fight for socialism you aren't fighting for me. I don't want high taxes, rationed healthcare, and long wait times.
If I'm forced to pay for someone else's stuff against my will then I don't have freedom. What you're saying is lords and knights would say.
If I don't want to be taxed for services I don't use I shouldn't have to be taxed.
And she would never lose Medicaid. Stop the drama and work with republicans
She would not. People will choose not to take it because they aren't penalized. She is disabled and will always qualify. Read the bill
Did you get authorization from her to disclose publicly her medical condition?!
Is this really what you care about? OMG of course he did; also hope YOU don't have to deal w/losing your HC insurance like 15mm will in 2018
What insurance do you have ... she will not lose her coverage unless Obamacare stops and there is no option for her to turn to
My grandmother was actually almost a victim of the Nazi Eugenics program.. You're a moron to draw that comparison here.
Bless Melba. I am senior citizen in better health, but anxious about our current republican govt. Love you Chuck. Hang in there.
And I am happy to pay taxes into SS/Medicare/Medicaid so ppl like Melba have a safety net. It doesn't entitle everyone though
You democrats had your chance and lied to the American public.
TRUTH BE TOLD SCHUMER COULD CARE LESS FOR MELBA JUST USING HER TO SCARE OTHERS WITH HIS LIES ABOUT THE GOP HEALTH PLAN
NOTHING WILL CHANGE FOR MELBA WITH THE NEW HEALTHCARE PLAN BY THE GOP SO STOP USING ONE PERSON WHEN THERE ARE 30 MILLION WHO NEED HEALTHCARE
God bless her!!
Why are you exploiting her.
Pretty shitty Chuck
Stop using unfortunate people as props. If you cared as much for them as you do getting votes the problem would have been solved long ago
And you know like we do; people eligible BE4 Ocare will be eligible after Ocare so stop taking advantage of these people #RepealAndReplace
should've supported single payer if you gave a shit about Melba #AmericaSpeaksOut
She probably has Obamacare that's useless.ANYTHING will B better. Pres Trump will take care of Amer ppl.He has more heart thenU dame crooks.
Your alternative is what? #MedicareForAll  #Medicare4All
Keep up the fire sen schumer...
What's your point Upchuck?
God bless Melba, but what about all of your constituents who pay more than there fair share? What do I tell my kids who are shortchanged CS?
MY cousin had cerebral palsy.Myself...a 5 time cancer survivor by the grace of God definitely not Obama care.
She's so cute!
Hi Melba...
Nice photo op, Chuckie
@angelakissesu Well @KellyannePolls wants to know how come she is not working. Conway is as her boss is SENSELESS, COLD, LESS
And she's beautiful.
Yeah and Obamacare won't take care of her! DO YOUR JOB CHUCK AND CUT THE CHARADES!
That's is all great but you need to also think of the lower to mid income people that don't get Medicaid. What about us??
Despicable fearmonger #politicalhack #careerpolitician
My brother..a productive worker for a legal bonded courier service..hit by drunk driver..can now hardly remeber his name..medicaid dependent
Come on Clucky, where's the crocodile tears,
Why don't u go on Obama care & takeaway exemptions from Dimms?? I thought so-  
#Bullshitter
Keep the faith Melba
You should be ashamed...... knowing you are lying every time you talk
what about my kids who can't afford xmas because they are fined for not having Obama care???U ok with elderly but kill unborn babies??
Using the disabled to peddle your agenda! Classy, Chuckles!
Keep parading the sick. Pathetic. We see right through you
Nice of you to capitalize on "your constituency". What about the people who did not vote for you?  Phony
@JoeTalkShow Sen. Schummer using people as usual
she has more brains than Schumer.
Schumer sells dependency by getting re-elected
I care kind sir #AmericaSpeaksOut   I hope there are others that vote for the people.
Yea throw granny out right ? Your Obamacare is death it cost a middle class family of 5 almost 3k per month who can help pay for that?
Medicaid was instituted for people like Melba. What are you doing about fraud in the syatem?
It's Obama care that's failing...Eight Years of Obama care and it still doesn't work. Let it fail! I was healthier without Health Ins.
You Schumer are a liar!!!! You have NOT helped the WORKING CLASS with your HEALTHCARE...it has HURT THE WORKING CLASS SINCE IT STARTED!!
You should be ashamed to use fear mongering to support a failed healthcare system
What kind of Country have we become? Children, elderly, disabled, Vets,& working poor R almost begging 4 healthcare. Wrong on so many levels
I care regardless! With my mental breakdown "I'm thankful" bc my physc meds are so expensive! Thanks to Disability I survive. Thank you!
SO AM I SMUCK, WORK W/ @GOP. BE THE SOLUTION. NOT THE PROBLEM
How solvent is your state?
Why are u happily dancing in the street and carrying on,,when thousands r gonna die?
Democrat  propaganda dung!
I hope other Senators will post pictures of people in their states that will be hurt by this health care bill.  Thank you Senator Schumer.
Hi Melba.  Stay strong.  Chuck has a lot of good people in his corner and we're fighting for you!
They will always be taken care of regardless..might not have everything they want, but who the heck does?
What about the HC that was taken from others that paid their own way and given to others for free. That was mean.
Hey cryin Chuck what med care did she have prior to 0 care.
@SenatorBurr Plenty of North Carolinians is this same situation. GOP #healthcarebill is awful! You will not win in 2020 with this death bill
She'll have to go before McConnell's death panel. Or Kellyanne can find her a job.
It says she has a job so you mean Kellyanne will tell her to get a better job.
She will still have healthcare. Stop the BS
#Schumer is a proven LIAR!
I couldn't afford NYC Lower East side how does she do it? Kudos 2her but don't b duped w/hysterical Schumer.Melba is will b cared 4 GOTrump
Some of the replies to your tweet reflect the mean, selfish IGMFY sentiments of the trumpsters. It's just breathtaking.
Most are children. Numbers are children of military personnel exposed to gases. Rampant in San Diego where I worked. Organs missing or eyes.
If the democrats didn't give away the bank, maybe there would be enough money to care for them
I did respite for 10 years. People don't realize how many aren't due to an accident after birth. They depend on Medicaid and other programs.
Chuck you stoop to such lows you can care less about this lady other than how she can benefit you politically
We are not entitled. You libertards never get that.
Not only will Melba lose but her aid won't have a job with the cuts.
Great Chuck, perhaps there's a Charity we can donate to. Oh Government is now the Charity, is that how it's supposed to work?
Hey @SenSchumer should we tell her no healthcare bc U won't get 2 work 

You are #fakeamerican #fakeRepresentive you don't work 4america ppl
so, i got 9 for yea???
Drop her off at @AnnCoulter house.  She's taking in anyone w/o a job or benefits.
