How can you be proud of stealing food/shelter/money from working people just to fatten insurance & your pockets as you steal freedom as well
Providing healthcare is stealing freedom?  It's providing the freedom of peace of mind.
It's costing jobs, it costs people too much money and it makes ppl too dependent on govt. How can you not see this? It's bad for us
We want healthcare for all, not a stupid wall or another war.
Healthcare for illegals too.  Yep no wall just let them come and we can all pay for them.  Why don't you get a job.
It's called capitalism, and what USA was built on. #Immigrants.
We were built on a nation of immigrants that is true. Not illegal immigrants. We are a nation with laws and a border.
Ahhh. The Indians didn't vet our founding fathers.
Susan, come meet my friends who have lost their life savings because of the ACA.  One is a cancer survivor who can't afford deductibles.
It is absolutely sickening to me that they were forced to change or pay a fine.  It sickens me that they were lied to and I am NOT happy
May I ask why she was forced to change?  What did she have to change?
Go ask Obama why he took the choice away.  And ask him if he made Christian Scientists who don't believe in medicine buy it too.
I asked because I wondered if she was using ACA..Not for some sarcastic response. It was out of concern!
The consent of the consumer, then it is laying the groundwork for other things to be changed without consent.  It is a dangerous place to be
Still say lower the age of Medicare to 55. Bring in more $$ to it. Getting 55 n older out of reg insurance will take away some cost.
Aaaand who pays for all that extra Medicaid? Nothing is ever "free".
I won't bother ..another bot
Haha, you people are so funny. You probably support Socialism too, without knowing what it really, truly is. I won't bother...another lib
why..You don't know the difference between Medicaid or Medicare ..Go educate yourself..Have a nice life..bye bye
you truly define  a con artist, liar and hypocrite.

you are dispicable! obamacare needs to go! our doctors are dropping our health insurance like flies over here!
They have let America down.
They promised to get rid of obamacare and lied. Voting them OUT will b fun
yes, they have let all of us down! it is disgraceful!
You put me and millions of other Americans in the poor house. Idiots! I have a serious illness before Obamacare it was much less. Now $$$$$
Obamacare put me and millions of Americans in poor house. Idiots! I have a serious illness. Obamacare is horrible. $$$$$$@realDonaldTrump
Well that just proves how incompetent the left is! The people should be ashamed  of this unholy resistance!
IF YOU DON'T FIX THE FDA & BAD DRUGS ON MARKET-MAYBE  I'LL RUN FOR PRESIDENT - YOU'LL ALL WISH TRUMP WAS BACK IN 8 MORE YRS! I PROMISE THAT!
I DON'T call RESISTANCE and OBSTRUCTION working together....must be another definition of UNITY in the dictionary !!!
I am pacemaker dependent and lead a normal life otherwise. Please don't let the Republicans pick party over my life.
We will repeal you all in 2018.  Hell Cometh.
#RESISTYOURASS Chuckie

Proud of this?
Start the dialog with gop please
How dare you be proud of the catastrophe that was the health care system that was Obamacare?  Ludicrous and shameful!
TO RAISE THE PRICES. I AM PAYING LOW PRICES!
tmcevoy122@yahoo.com
FIGHT, BUT PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES WANT THE BILL PASS! WE NEED TO KEEP ON FIGHTING! I AM ON MEDICARE& I GET PART D WHERE THEY WANT
Dems resisted as usual. If the GOP grows some bal** the fight isn't over.
IN STATE OF NEW JERSEY, THEY SAY THAT OVER 700,00 PEOPLE WILL BE KICK OFF MEDICAID & OVER 3 MILLION WILL HAVE NO INSURANCE! WE WON THIS
You, @NancyPelosi @RepAdamSchiff @MaxineWaters etc only care to obstruct

Your petulance, bitterness and inability to connect is laughable
I don't think so, Chuckie.
Go to any small claim court. Minorities paying big $ for ACA crap care are being sued by HCO due to non payment of high deductibles. Liars!
We'll just have to get more you people out office
I love being preached by idiots that's not on Obamacare how good it is Hippocrates When are you and your staff going on Crap Obamacare
Fake news; Left Wing hate; McCarthyism. 
Proud of lining your pockets while stealing from Americans good job.
WRONG YOU GUYS CREATED THIS MESS.  YOU HYPOCRITES CARRY THE CAN.


U do realize that the country is stuck with obummercare, right?  Great job, Chucky
Proud of Failing health care system. Is this the "Better Deal" you idiots are pushing ?
Up yours lying loser!!
Thank you!
Millions of Americans didn't vote. You guys as usual voted. Try it with public. Obamacare would be gone. U know it so do the American people
Hey Chucky, Obamacare is NOT Healthcare, it is a TAX. Never was intended to be Healthcare. Everyone in Congress & staff needs to this TAX
Why not you on Obamacare if it's so good Hello 
So you are telling us that you are PROUD of the FAILING OBAMACARE??? I hope the @POTUS puts All of You on Obamacare! You should be ashamed!
What the hell are you even talking about. You're accomplishing nothing at the expense of American Citizens and we will remember come 2018.
Against the votes of the people?  GOP won to repeal Obamacare & build the wall/stop illegal immigration.  You fucked us $$$$
Are you still proud they hired Awans to be their IT guys? What do they have on you?Didn't turn out so well we are finding out #AwanScandal
You're proud of destroying the best health system in the world!?  Sick! #youchosearrogance
If your so proud of the ACA that has screwed the majority of Americans why did you purposely exclude yourself
Nonsense
Chuck if you keep screwing with the American people we WILL take arms, let that be a warning
You're an embarrassment to the United States
Youre all Anti American, not one of you works for the people, you all work for your daddy's Soros and Obama
What amazes me with dems is the amount of them that will sell their freedom4health care,phones and a few shiny things-I'll take freedom
And Americans are sure proud of you all too, totally ruining healthcare then blaming everyone but yourselves. What a bunch of winners.
Still incredibly infuriated by your traitorous resistance to the will of the people and staunch dedication to the destruction of America.
Getting bi*ch slapped is not a fight 
Make those well to do Senators our Healthcare.
However it won't make a difference they can afford to pay out of pocket.
We KNOW who you ARE, and WHY you Fight Americans...
Thank you for continually screwing us over with  ACA, soaring costs and more corruption from you and the other swamp dwellers. #DCsucks!
"You've been living in a dream world Neo" Morpheus
IF IT WAS SO GREAT HOW COME U ARENT ON IT CHUCK?


As a NY'r I want to see less arguing & more cooperation of passing Bills in the Senate chamber! Move forward Sen Schumer.
Chuck, if O-care is so great, why don't you and your cronies use it? Good enough for me but not for thee?
Good for the dems but we need loud clear message and messengers for next year! Get moving! We are waiting!
Nothing to be proud of when ACA is robbing those Americans with penalties and high deductibles.  Your party created a monster.
My premiums continue to go up while coverage continues to go down. Some great job you dolts are doing in DC. Why don't YOU try my plan?

I guess your lobbyists and special interests are happy huh Chuck. The hell with Americans who can't afford this Crap Obamacare.
Obamacare SUCKS Chuck. HOW do you sleep at night? We are suffering and YOU are doing a victory dance? CLUELESS
are you insured through employer or thru ACA exchange?
That also includes the traitor @SenJohnMcCain
You actually make me want to vomit! U are the biggest crook along with all ur Dems that created this fiasco in the first place!
Yes you are a Proud Dumacrat!Keep doing what you are doing and we will keep taking seats away from you!
As 10s of millions of Americans keep getting crushed by Obamacare you've done NOTHING to help. You should be proud!
Yes please continue on this course. It solidifies you losing till the wnd of time #VotersRwatching
Maybe he will get a tumor...
We can always hope....
Yeah thank you for making America Healthcare a continuous disaster. Don't fix the system, just stand behind Humana and others. Elder abuse!
Why doesn't Congress and their staff have the same health insurance coverage under Obamacare as others? 
Please, spare us. Democrats did the same with ACA. You folks created a giant mess that is adversely effecting millions of us, negatively.
Great good work @SenateDems and @SenateGOP we know you have a lot to be proud of! @SenSchumer is, so should we all, NOT! #DrainTheSwamp
On election day next year you will realize how wrong you fools were.
Are u proud of this Cheeky Chucky???
Still wondering what the fuck you think you're doing using politics to make a fortune for yourself when you're supposed to be working for US
Good for you... I hope the president gives you all the gift of Obamacare soon.... such a win win isn't it
Hey Chuckles, We the People will win this battle along with our Great President Trump!
Now this is disgraceful! Shame on you bastards!! https://youtu.be/emTFd78uoNA  http://cnb.cx/2vl8SbJ  https://youtu.be/S1K7TSIuqIA  #TrumpStrong
Schumer is full of shit he's a Socialist in likes of Bernie, he's part of a failing State that has stolen billions of federal $$$'s out him
I really hope that President Trump gives you the chance to use Obamacare.  Then tell America how proud you are of this insurance.
We'll find out where Americans stand in 2018.

Full of it! Americans HATE Obamacare and now we are starting to hate you and your Democratic friends too!
CHUCK YOU NEED 2 BE PUT ON OBAMACARE & THEN BRAG HOW MUCH YOU LIKE IT , UR JUST ANOTHER HYPOCRITE WE WILL REMOVE FROM D.C. #MAGA  @POTUS @VP
Cryin' Chuck you are nothing but a snake in human skin. Since when do you care about us?
YOU TOTALLY SUCK...SCHMUCKEY CHUCKIE 
There is no honor among thieves.
Lol!Chuck did you slip the writer a Finn to write that for you!
Disgrace
Anonymous source says Schumer is a NAZI!
U and @ senjohnmccain
Bla, Schumer your a puke
So ur proud that u stopped a bill that had an R next 2 it but idiots u stopped a photo copy of ur o-care scam bill ! U just got hung by u !
#Schumer: Republicans have been in touch about #healthcare
http://politi.co/2vga8Mi 
#Obamacare #ACA
Thank you
Schumer, the only people who like you are the Dumbocrats in congress , we the people hate your guts
So.......nobody's going to get a better deal.  Flip flop, flop flip.

Please show us your plan!
Chuck, I'm proud of everyone. How do we proceed? Trump won't etc it go. Trump can't be allowed to bully & threaten the Congress and Senate
It's Not over yet keep standing & working on solutions that's needed
I'm a lifelong contributing Democrat and I am Furious with your irresponsible treatment of Women in Our Country!  #neverbernie
Don't break your arm patting yourself on the back, hero.
Yes as Congress gets 75% of their coverage paid for because they can't afford it That's one example of why we elected Trump! Drain the swamp
You talk big, but you are not trying to work with the republicans. your actions speak so loud we can't hear a word your saying.
Kind of looks like Chucky reading his obituary.
Your the problem, you voted yes on OBama Care, why didn't you care!!!! Uslept... Now... what you do, speaks louder than your words as 2 help
If Obamacare is so great for the public, members of US Senate and House should be purchasing their insurance on their state exchanges!
Chuck Schumee your an enemy of the state and should  go lay down somewhere. Get ou of Americas way.
Are you one of the 8 Trump says is in charge?  GOOD JOB!
why does it have to be a fight, why not just get along or do you have something to hide
The truth about your Obamacare!
Senator Schumer, thank you for your hard work. Is there anything that can be done to stop ins companies from dropping people and & rate ^
Where is the no violence pep talk?
Give me a break
screw yo chuck
Except the part where ur willing to trade women's bodies for more stuff. Apparently that's okay. U don't represent me; you don't get my vote
I do it again in a New York minute.
We see the corruption of the DNC coming out. They were against Bernie in his own party. FBI should investigate strong. Justice is coming.
Schumer held DemocRATS together for money laundering lies and crimes they belong in prison
Millions brainwashed by DemocRATS fight against President Trump they even don't know for what. Tell about Clintons Wasserman n Muslim ties
Temporary. You won a battle, you will lose the war. Stop hurting America.
Sen Schumer Jihadist Obama you Pelosi Hillary and your criminal DemocRATS party destroyed America n you stand on front cameras and lie n lie
YOU MEAN THE FIGHT AGAINST YOUR POTUS??SHAME ON http://YOU.YOU  SUPPOSE TO WORK IN THE GOVERNMENT AND HELP POTUS.
Article 2 sec 3 "he shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed". ACA is law. Article 2sec 1#8. Oath. VIOLATED! MILLIONS PPL HURT!
@Jaime4ou @cadigirl13 @AAPsyc 
@PATRICIAMEEHA17 @washingtonpost
fight for what? to obstruct health care for all of us AMericans because you DEMS are still mad at losing an election and being corrupt??
I hope all of u are forced off gov. Subsidized health care & b made 2 use O'care. If good enough 4 plebiscites then's good enough for u.
Chuck takes massive donations from rich people who want 2 destroy small business here to increase profit from foreign importers out of China
Take away Congress' GOLDEN TICKET of bailout for #Obamacare 
Start w/ Schumer who thought it was great coverage
With your massive tax increases & regulations in addition to OC is wiping small business who can not afford to stay open
When was the last time you went to bed hungry so your children can eat Companies won't let workers work longer than 39 hours because of OC
.@chuckschumer is not one of us he is one of them We are the 99% Ins companies are getting out There will be none left Chucky knows it
How many million people are without health insurance now Chuck?  You are proud?

Very proud of Senators Collins and Murkowski.Reach out to them & work collaboratively on  behalf of American people.
Ok, ok. Now follow Bernie's lead. Idea: trade the mortgage interest deduct for some with a full medical deduct for all. It's a start.
Under your leadership our country is screwed. When will America wake up and get real. Politicians need term limits. These fat cats roost
Medicare for all.
Nancy Pelosi said that we were just gonna have to quit being freeloaders and pay our health penalty/tax? U agree?
Loser, loafers...liars. THATS the Senate Democrats today Chuckie.
Trump & minions are leaving out the states who's GOP gov.refused Medicaid expansion ,are adding to the #'s.
If you trust #senschumer , look  to @jimmy_dore and find out the truth about him. #banpolicaldonations #MondayBlues
could this nightmare finally be over & all the other crooks go w/him
Once this girl's testimony is heard, you will be left with no supporters at all... http://ir.net/news/politics/126409/report-12-year-old-trump-rape-victim-maria-alive-talking/ …
Thank you for your leadership!! Well done by all!! @SenateDems 
And of course #ViveLaResistance!!
Well that just makes you want to puke right @SenateMajLdr

From your lips to God's ears!
