For starters @KrisKobach1787 doubled down on lies about fraud in NH elections which were struck down by the NH SOS.
Also, an email surfaced yesterday from @Heritage to the Administration demanding the #ShamVotingCommission exclude Dems & mainstream Reps
When asked by a reporter, commission mbr @HvonSpakovsky, who works for @Heritage, denied any knowledge of the email:
In the meantime, here's the recording. You can listen to von Spakovsky deny he knew anything about this email. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1QbrqhaX0wwN244allhUk93ODg/view?usp=sharing …
That's interesting considering that @Heritage released a statement saying @HvonSpakovsky wrote the email LESS THAN TWO HOURS LATER!
If members of the #ShamVotingCommission can’t tell the truth on the record, how can they be trusted to "bring integrity" to elections?
It's clear that this commission is nothing more than a thinly veiled attempt to advance the voter suppression agenda. It must be disbanded!
Schumer, and you certainly know a phony.
KMA your the one that's wants illegals to vote democratic free stuff. For votes were are not stupid schumer
Is Pence and Trump's commission obtaining their information legally?
In 2016, Trump did say the election was "rigged."
A few of his supporters were arrested for voter fraud.
A few of his staff were registered in more than 1 state.
Your are a real problem and there's only 1 solution that will save America from you
Keep up the pressure.
you will never be because he actually earned his millions through hard work unlike u and you buds. stealing it from the  American people .
The only people upset by this commission are Blue state Democrats, why is that? #VoterFraud
Because it is an attempt to suppress the votes of minorities and economically disenfranchised voters. Read about it.
Voter suppression is a ruse used by liberals to defend illegal immigrants voting when they have no right to,
a) Be here
&
b) Vote
"Illegal" immigrants aren't voting. Voter suppression is not a ruse. Gerrymandering is real. Do some real research. Don't quote pundits.
2- Voter suppression is a RUSE, you either vote or you don't! No groups of people are held against their will to vote, this is a #FACT
Voter suppression refers to people who want to vote but can't. https://www.splcenter.org/news/2017/02/01/systematic-voter-suppression- …—-not-voter-fraud-—-real-cause-concern
Nobody is being suppressed, YOU EITHER VOTE OR YOU DON'T! The choice of doing so is down the individual.
Lying Chuck - American embarrassment

THANKS for visiting the 2nd city, Senator! please address DACA for Chicago teens and small businesses and neighbors. THANKS!
The only thing that's a sham is your political career
Actually you're wrong. There is voter fraud and it is significant. Maryland just made it worse. You wantnillegals to vote so you can steal
You sure that isn't the Russia sham???!!
Just like the Russian collusion fauxvestigation?
Another bot?
If logical thinking makes me a bot, then so be it.
Yesterday also exposed you for being a defender of THIS, in return for campaign contributions continuing to flow your way. #MedicareForAll
This is so sad. The rich get richer and the poorer get poorer.
You're sorely misinformed. @SenSchumer won by a significant majority. It'll be a long time before NY puts GOP into a senate seat.
Yep,  they're in search alright...in search of ways to cover-up the voter SUPPRESSION that they committed on all of us in 2016.
Like your Russia investigation is a phony investigation in search of a nonexistent conspiracy!
Hey, that sounds just like the whole Trump-Russia thing. phoneys in search of a problem, going as far as trying to make one up.
... So the usual Republican commission, then?
How would you know when so many states are hiding the truth?
Like the Russian collusion story?
Just like Mueller and his Russia investigation is a scam. Or you all earning $190k for working 89 days a year to NOT make America great
YOu got it right th is time.     it is all about racial profiling to prevent others than white from votinmg   KOBACK is the villian
There was and is voter fraud. DNC biggest culprit. I have seen it. Stop lying

Schummy, good evidence that your concerned that your illegal Dem Voters will be exorcised from the Voting Rolls!
Senator, worse it is a right-wing attempt to damage our democracy
They are finding voter corruption in every state. What's wrong with laws?
Public outcry needed to get rid of #KrisKobach & phony #ElectionIntegrityCommission. Demand #PaperBallots #HandCountedAudit
#russiacollusion #russianemails
Kind of like the Russian probe. Right Chuck?
Not what I heard. Guess you're still interested in your own gain in government. Keep campaigning against Trump. It's what you know.
This Commission is almost as Pathetic, and a Sham as Devon Nunes is.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Maybe you could help Texas out after the SCOTUS sided w/the @GOP  VoterSuppression efforts-after 2decades of 1party control.We're dying here
Chuckie what about the illegal votes for @HillaryClinton in NH? Dems don't want to talk about that. #MAGA #NYdeservesbetter
The only problem with voting is the lyin g, stealing democrats
You sir are a LIAR.
your opposition to #singlepayer is a phony solution in search of a problem
Can you say Russia and Mueller? You're such a hypocrite.
Senator support Sanders Medicare for all.. We are hurting here in our own country. Access does not mean u can afford care
Just like The Mueller investigation into Russian collusion. Total waste of taxpayer dollars. Also we all know that voting fraud exists.
Don't sell us Democrats out with Trump! Scary...
Voter fraud is real, even if it's just your millions of illegals voting. You want to legitimize them so they vote democrat forever and ever
So what will you & colleagues do to end this commission & stop it from wasting more taxpayer $? We're getting a little irritated w/waiting..
I hope you discussed this tonight during the soup course.
CHUCKIE, YOU ARE THE MOST UN-AMERICAN IN HISTORY LIVING OFF THE GOVT DIME.
Demographics do not favor the GOP. They MUST cheat if they want to win - and they know it.
Simple solution. National Voter ID.
It seems to me Chuck that a residing senator would want to make sure the voting is fair and legal. Unless he already has something to hide?
The only problem this country has are democrats and most http://republicans.new  republicans run against the old you will win
Kind of like #RussiaGate
If everyone hasn't learned yet. Looters are Democrats. Republicans are the ones that work have jobs. Looters steal from the working class!
#DEMS like @SenSchumer don't care about #DREAMERS They care about votes! No worries though! A majority of Americans see it! More of us!
And the fact that the #DEMS r so concerned about #DACA tells all of us that there is a very BIG problem! Amnesty = #DEM VOTES!
@realDonaldTrump # Chuck Schumer is a lying hypocrite liberal who only cares about retaining his self serving power !!! What an A-Hole !!!!
I feel sorry for Men who think this crap really works on WOMEN!  Maybe Nieve WOMEN?
The only sham investigation is Russia & Trump.  We all know there's election fraud.  Especially in (D) strongholds.
It's also a phony problem.
The whole commission is phony.  Heck, the whole admin is phony.
Nonsense, Chuck.  NH had over 5,000 same day registrations to vote, and only about 1000 ever registered as residents.  NH was stolen by dims
That's something you Dems know all about.  Phony problems and fake solutions
Sounds like the Mueller Commission no?
No they're a problem--a BIG problem--in search of a phony solution.
That's right!! And how much did this WITCH HUNT cost us taxpayers?
do what you must to dis-band them
Wow, and you think Mueller is doing a good job. Voter fraud is the Dems favorite tool to get elected. Russia is a fraud. #DrainTheSwamp
Integrity needs to removed from the committes name- they have none- anti democrat and independent
That was never in doubt. The real question is. What to do about it.
All the crooked voters are liberals

Kobach is a fraud he's been sued by the ACLU four times for what he did in Kansas as secofstate he lost all the suits EVERYONE NEEDS to know
cooperate with this voluntary request THEY DO NOT NOR SHOULD they be providing confidential personal voter histories!
Cut the funding!
this commission was created to provide info on voters they don't want voting at all ever again! I can't believe these secofstates that
Thank you Senator Schumer! Kobach is a disgraceful excuse for public service Voter fraud is rare in this country we all know why this
What's the problem Chuck?  Finding too many fraudulent voters?  Most voting for your party... no wonder you're against this...
Much like the Dems phony Russian Probe!!!!
Sham b/c people like you thrive on illegal votes.
Or apologists in search of validation
Kind of like the Russian probes on Trump. That's a waste of taxpayer dollars.
You and Pelosi
You are a crook
Funny sounds just like the Russia Trump investigation.
Chucky lived in south for 55 years. No one bell rings and steals elections like the dnc.
You go girl!
Russia ?
#Resist
so you want to put them in with the Russian Investigation?
No shit Sherlock! Get back to work! From a very angry constituent.
only to you.
Yes and what are you doing about it?
Gives fake conspiracies a way to appear "legit." Think: Al Capone running ATF,  Big Oil at head of EPA. Deplorable Swamp Rat Administration
Do something about it
More like a wolf dressed in sheep's clothing. Less restrictive voting is what is needed, not more hurdles.
@sonneyjo #ShamVotingCommission
Too bad the Congress can't pass a law against clearly fraudulent committees.
Hmm, sounds like you're referring to the phoney russian probe.
Kinda like the Muller investigation...
What are you going to do to STOP voter suppression?
At dinner, please ask Trump when this garbage is going to end. It's a waste of money, which could much better be spent on Harvey and Irma.
You are a loser
Illegals voting is not a sham.  
Only citizens vote
Kinda like Mueller and Russia 
How about you get behind Bernies bill and work for us instead of pretending to be for real change.
It is a phony just like rump
look at NH!  Corrupt Democrats want illegals n felons to vote !  What r u afraid of ? What are u hiding?
It is a dangerous body out to prove that Trump won the popular vote.
Well let's just go ahead and confirm every state is as you say. Judicial watch hasn't been wrong yet. Scared?
Like Mueller
Boy that sounds like the special prosecutor right now!
When you have states like Maryland let non-citizens allowed to vote makes you think!
Indeed!
tell DJT at supper tonight we all think it is bs including us R's
Truth hurts doesn't it?
No doubt about it!!  Shame voting commission to suppress liberal vote!
Look long enough you can find someone to say anything you want to hear. Remember; 110%-120% voter turnout in Philly & Detroit! Republicans?
Yeah well voter fraud exists.  Since it benefits liberals, you don't care.
Please protect voter rights. This commission is out to suppress more votes and is scary for Democracy.
Is this your job, a reporter? You tweet as much as president. Get to work people. Cmon.
In case anyone doesn't know, the Heritage Foundation was created by the Koch Brothers.
Why are you fighting this. You should want this to happen.
What are you doing about it? This must be stopped.
It is an attempt at voter suppression.      This must stop
Thanks for trying to put on the brakes, of a total melt down of our Nation.
How much is this stupidity costing tax payers? Of course, this does not include trump, his family or friends.
It's a problem in CA. I have witnessed it many times. Democrats signing up people to register with absolutely no verification.
Don't you think that the #ShamVotingCommission is a phony solution in search of a rationale? They know there isn't a problem.
What are you afraid of Schmucky?
Just like the special counsel investigating russian collusion!!
Strange that you have yet to question the level of voters in some states that exceed the base eligible to vote.
So this commission took a page from the Dems handbook.
You'll spend 2+ years and millions hoping Trump collided with Russia and you call this a sham investigation??  Awesome.
Yeah, because dead people and illegal immigrants voting isn't an a problem.
So was the Russian investigation but that didn't seem to bother you
Then shut up and solve the problem. Go biometric. Free Id for poor. Make it impossible to vote more than once and not be a citizen.
Phony solution in search of a problem?Just like Russia special council? Where are your tweets on that? Crickets.No evidence. You're a fraud
Do you ever have anything positive to say or contribute for the people of America?
Kind of like the Russian investigation.
No problem? http://www.investors.com/politics/editorials/u-s-has-3-5-million-more-registered-voters-than-live-adults-a-red-flag-for-electoral-fraud/ …
Dems have lost their American voter base.  They depend on illegal votes & illegals depend on Dems 2 protect them.  Trade citizenship 4 votes
What are you afraid of?  You know exactly how much fraud was committed by your Demorat party!  Vote these crooks out.  Unite us!
Watch dog group, Public Interest Legal Foundation reports 5K non citizen votes in VA.  Tx Gov G Abbott, reports voter fraud in nursing homes
Just like the phony Russia investigation
Hey upChuck, here many dead people and illegal aliens voted for you????
11 Calif counties report more votes cast than there are eligible voters?  LA county, 143% turnout.  Chicago~14K illegal votes 938 convicted.
Oh, like Russia, Russia, Russia?? You sir are the BIGGEST SHAM in town.
The real issue remains unattended. FSB subverted our social conversation, breached our voting rolls and voting machines, stole our election.
Swamp Dweller!  How many reports of voter fraud would it take to convince a Swamp Dweller that Hillary never won popular vote?
There is always voter fraud!
You are the problem.
Thank you, like I trust your judgement!!
Like the Russia collusion people. I'm used to it.
If only some ppl in gov't, like Senators, could shut this thing down...
Sounds a lot like the Mueller / Russia issue.  Same same to me.
Preach it brother Chuck... Preach it
no Chuck, they're CREATING the problem. If something doesn't change soon, we're doomed.
Dreamers have donated money to leftist PACs, which is illegal.
No it's beyond that! They want control over all voters so they can aim Russia at them more deviously! Think Chuck, think!!
You mean like the Russian investigation. 
You must be afraid of them finding out that your party has been letting illegals to vote
Are you kidding me? R U going 2 do your job here? There Rmany illegal votes in NYState alone n u shld be concerned w/integrity of voting.
Voter fraud is occurring in your state your county & your city & you refuse to acknowledge. Tells you what group is doing the cheating
The can you explain why 14,000 more votes were cast in that Illinois town than people?
Then PLEASE do something about it
Phony?  That would be you!
They are looking for a problem to fit their narrative
Wish you & Nancy, DJT's newest BFF's, could convince him that to let it go... he didn't win the popular vote but he does have a loving base.
Helping striking Spectrum workers would be helpful.
Hmmm? Yep, just a few dead people voting for the democrats. No problem. #MAGA @SenSchumer Resign
is it just me or does that not sound just like the Russian collusion investigation?
Why are you so against voting honesty? Are Democrats affraid that can't win legally? Sponsor a bill for National voter ID like Mexico.
Why are my tax dollars paying for this??? This should be stopped.
It's the result of a paranoid narcissist who can't accept 3M people more want the other candidate.
