All this infighting over the Monumental lie of climate change Trump  seen the scheme for what it is a redistribution of wealth  nothing more
Thank goodness someone had the sense to say bye-bye to this anti-economic growth agreement.
, your a disgrace this nation and the world and should be locked up!!! You and all the democrats are a security threat to this n
Congratulations, I hear that Kathy Griffin hired you, as her acting coach.
It eliminates the US's underwriting of a UN slush fund distributed globally.  Now THAT was a bad deal for America.
Taxpayers want a full accounting on where the Green Fund  money went !
don't agree. What a shame u hit on POTUSA each time he acts. U would not agree with any action he takes. Bug out Bozo.
Also, this deal put 0 restrictions on China and India and allowed Russia to increase emissions by 50%. WTF?
He's going down in history as the worst president ever.  Sickening!
No most of American think he is the best
Hardly.  Lowest approval rating in history and falling.  His days are numbered.
Sad you follow the fake news polls, remember they are the same polls who had Hillary winning by a landslide
Maybe take the $3 billion and clean up the drinking water in Newburgh and the Hudson River.
You have no credibility!!! Why have an voluntary agreement with countries who don't pay their bills? NATO obligations have not been honored
The Paris agreement was neither enforceable, nor approved by congress. U don't get to obey some rules, and ignore others. (1)
No it's not. It's dead on the right move. Take gas Chuckie

Paris Accord is nothing but a slush fund. I stand with my President  Withdraw from the Paris Accord   Thank goodness someone cares about US
Once Mar-a-Lago and his golf course is underwater, Trump will start believing in climate change.
Or use facts and realized climate change is not man made and is naturally occurring
Honestly, climate change is a threat to us, but not as immediate as all kinds of pollution.  That is not naturally occurring.
When will Trump be announcing his lead pipe initiative, to put lead pipes back into our water systems? And how about an asbestos revival?
Yes and we have past the day the earth would end according to Kerry? Just the US paying again for other countries. NO MORE
America is back 
If by "back," you mean back to the days of darkness and willful ignorance, then yes.
No, America is leaving behind liberal stupidity and shams such as the Paris accords. America is resisting Schumer and the depraved left!
Thankfully not the majority of us.
It's sorry to see you are so dependant on the lies of the liberal machine, and cannot see past your nose.
IMPEACH  PRISON  FOR  HIM, KIDS,  JARED,  PENCE,  ADMINISTRATION  REPUBLICANS,  ELECTORAL COLLEGE  ALL I MENTIONED.
Don't you ever get tired of putting out bs like this, only to be proven wrong within a week?  Work with Trump, not against him.
#romance #writer Agreed! What about Democratic legislation
to train coal miners in solar technology for free!!! Goodies change minds!
I'm proud that my Senators, at least, are on the right side of history.
Yeah, be proud of the MORONIC LIBTURD mentality! Way to go snowflake!!!
This ignorant man and his puppet Pence need to go -- #DumpTrump !!!
20 trillion in debt, what's your plan, Senator?
Chuck wants our money to forward the globalist agenda. Trump did the right thing. we are not the welfare system for the world. #sosadAlGore
YOU first Schumer were sick of your corruption!
You just like to hear yourself talk. The US is still going to be environmentally conscious, but not going to foot the bill for others Dunbar
Bullshit Chuckie! Pure Grade A Bullshit!
Oh it must really hurt to continue losing. Suck it up buttercup! Paris agreement gone! Bahahaha!
You are delusional.  We do just fine policing our own emissions. Why dump trillions overseas you liberal doofus?
Show me the evidence that renegotiating this agreement would be bad for the planet and the American economy.
the American people are more concerned about Jobs,the Economy, putting us first instead of refugees, illegals  making tax payers pay for it
Trump’s decision to withdraw from the #ParisClimateAgreement is a devastating failure of historic proportions; so was electing him.
No that's you, chuckie
The only historic devastation is what u & scamming globalists have done & r doing to this country!! #deplorable taxpayer
are you serious?  Save $T's! We are way ahead of the rest on climate. China does nothing!  US Tax payers tired of footing bills!
You are a pathic person to want to waste taxpayers money for one sided agreement. Shame on you for stealing the American people confidence
say you, a freak slideshow.
It's the core! We are removing the protection of oil and gas between us and the core this is where the heat is coming from.
Just like your career!
There are a lot of average people like me who are really getting tired of your hatred, grow up and start acting like a Senator, not a child.
#ParisAgreement is voluntary. It must go thru SENATE approval.
California is showing signs of climate change perhaps due to North Pole ice melting, noticeably colder coastal temperatures this spring.
Great job, #potus45 !   Saved the US billions of unnecessary spending!
@SenSchumer how about this become a treaty, do it via Senate approval, funding approved by congress and has good intentions for USA & all
was an agreement ONLY nothing binding, never ratified by Senate, spending never approved by congress,  burdening the taxpayer.
Can a President make that decision without it going through Congress and the Senate??  What happened to "checks and balances"????
@SenSchumer this was nothing more than Agenda21 world regulations biting America, also another Obama income re-distribution on global level.
America First.. dirtbag
You drank to much Kool-Aid Chucky Boy !
You hyper politicize everything. U know it's a terrible deal. China, India, Russia, Brazil, where r they, third if the world? Obama sell out
Nonsense! He corrected yet another Obama mistake. Paris Agreement is more about economics than climate and damaging to the US.
Oh my. Another secret obama anti American deal.If it's so great why didn't you lead it thru congress?It's non binding,except 4 us of course
Chuck is fake news of fake news
Go home
Mr Trump is hell bent on being remembered as the most backward thinking, science adverse, corrupt president ever. Well done Donald!
Bullshit
Why do you hate America so much Chuckie?
Why are DemocRats in favor of destroying our economy while polluting nations get a pass? They are Communist & believe in redistribution 
You have so much negative energy. Time to retire.
The globalist are crying.....while us Americans here in flyover country are cheering...finally...a president of the people for the people!
Yeah, go cry.
You and your pals have been a devastating mistake and failure for the country! Be productive & stop acting like babies!
A historic proportion is that you are having a melt down. Are there good mental health doctors in Washington DC to help you.
So was reelecting you & your ancient way of doing things. NY'rs need to wise up & STOP ELECTING you, @HillaryClinton, @NYGovCuomo, etc.
Chuck Schomer is a devastating failure to our country. He should be removed from office. He does not care about America.
Yeah? What exactly is it hurting other than your feelings?
Then why didn't you put in thru the Senate in 2009-10 as a treaty? Because you knew it would fail. The people don't want it.
and guess what Schmuck. All the blue areas? Elitists and/or heavily populated with immigrants. You. Do. Not. Represent our nation. We read.
Chuck if you understood anything but pandering for votes you would see how wrong you are.
The world should now start imposing sanctions, and boycotting American companies.
Is this a surprise to ppl? I mean he plans to gut the EPA & get rid of regs, sort of a tip off that he was walking from the Paris deal...
Really sending money to countries that arent held to the same standards. Just retire chucky your whats bad for USA your part of the swamp
Omg this the worst decision yet. When are you guys going to stop this president from destroying the USA
No my friend you are the failure & out of touch with America
Telling more lies to your evil hateful base. So they'll attack for the #DemocRATic lawmakers. Jump lil sheep, jump 
This is why the Dems will continue to lose elections!
Meanwhile we lose jobs here! We put more of a strain on the middle class and our economy! Americans sick of struggling!
I praise Donald Trump for ending the wasted $ spent on Paris accord..If you are upset, please lead a tell Americans where to send their $$ ?
Not for middle class America! Why r we spending billions to help other countries when we r capable of regulating ourselves?
As are you...
The Democratic Party is a devastating failure of historic proportions.  You continue to blame him for your own failures.
No you are
Hardly devastating, the Paris accord was always a plan with no teeth
There are no solar panels on your apartment building Senator Schumer ... any reason? After all you have a share!
SCHUMER IS A DEVASTATING FAILURE NEVER MIND PARIS FIX NEW YORK YOU LOON
So is the Senate.  You guys can't grab your butt with both hands.
Blah blah blah
#Liar #Traitor You are the real failure #GetOverIt
"You Have To Read It To See What's In It"
'@NancyPelosi'
No it isnt.  It's not binding on any country.  China and India do not have to reduce carbon emissions for 20 yrs.  Get a grip Schumer.
Schumer is an expert on devastating Failures.
As usual you are dead wrong. Americans want no part of this PCA con job. Have you even read the PCA? Of course not.
You are a BAD JOKE Schumer.
you're a real devastating failure of historic proportions.
GREAT JOB #TRUMP #ParisClimateAgreement
Countries need to pull their own weight on climate change... Why should we pay.. bc Liberals TAX
Ok-lets go-get ur colleagues to start impeachment proceedings for the good of the world when u uncover his obstruction of justice actions!
Couldn't be prouder of @realDonaldTrump's decision. The #Parisclimateaccord is a farce & a complete waste of time & resources.
No chuckie... your a devastating failure as a Senator !!
All the more important that D's ignore their petty differences, organize better than ever, and expel R's from Congress and the White House.
"Devastating failure" in your globalization process for one world government. Sorry cuck we're not all buying the b.s. your feeding. #MAGA
Time for youto get loud and verbal and go after this ass. You are theleader of the popular voters who want him impeached or locked up.
No it's not. .02% temperature changes nothing we've reduced our commissions drastically in the last 15 years you guys are scammers
It was illegal Chuckie. @BarackObama overstepped his authority signing it and none of u had the stones to stand for the Constitution. #Hack
Actually the devastating failure would have been for us to remain a part of that globalist slush fund pretending to be something it's not.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Anything to line the pockets of his pals in the House
Will you work for your tax payers money
Not
@POTUS WINS. The failed rigging of the 2016. Election, by #Clinton, is a historical fact. #SethRichMurder cover-up raising temps across #DNC
You must have copied @HillaryClinton statement.  Democratic talking points are all lies.
Who cares. We've seen how expensive it is with little change to the environment. We are already leaders in the world. No need to spend .
You are such a drama queen.
YOU don't know what you're talking about YET you're willing to steal our hard earned money and redistribute it! You SOB! STEP DOWN! USELESS!
you are a devastating failure,we the people spoke.
Wrong
I can guarantee one thing: More New Yorkers will die at the hands of MS-13 than from global Warming & you will still be silent.  POLITICS!
Good ,  Democrat's  have  Less  they  can embezzle + less spending [ in a bill ] to appease special interest .  Climate change = weather !
Get on camera, Chuck. All of you guys, pls get on news shows. Shout from rooftops.
No thats u getting made the Minority leader thats a failure of epic consequence
Trump loves leaving "devastation " of America in his wake. (While lining his pockets with the spoil
No it's very good. How can China have till 2030 before they have to cut back on carbon emissions. Are you serious chuckie.
@SenatorSchumer Can't recognize a bad deal for the AMERICAN PEOPLE.
dump all of the treasonous trump family and friends GOP and all repugnant repubs and maybe we have a chance I ALMOST don't care!
Chuck this is simply not true. The Paris deal was bad for American workers and the economic future of the USA. Many Experts agree.
