Please enforce the 25th Amendment before we have a nuclear war!
Yea, Right. We know what the Dems better deal means: more taxes & wasteful spending, illegal immigration, bad HC, to name a few
Trump start a war rich get no taxes and the have our Medicare and medicade for there next ponsey scheme. GOP  kkk backing Kkk. Impeach
Don't forget Nafta created millions of American Jobs -- Don't be Morons
Jobs in the supported by trade with  (in thousands by state). Almost 5 million jobs rely on #NAFTA @TheWilsonCenter 
We don't want "LETS MAKE A DEAL " w/ AMERICAN LIVES
A better deal? Good Lord, you had the presidency for 8 years and did nothing but send jobs overseas. No thank you, democrats can't govern.
Whoaaaa slow down there, would hate for you to actually get something accomplished.
Don't waste your time..Smart people know better. DJT is trying to MAGA..Stop Resisting everything and work With him or Dems will lose badly!
Nothing positive at all on you page Chuck. Nothing. How is that good for America?
Get with the program Chuck. You DEMS don't want a better deal. #MAGA

please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
If a #ABetterDeal exists for Americans, then why do we only now hear of it? We could've used it anytime in the past 8 years.
Chuck, maybe you should start passing the legislation through that is sitting in limbo and getting Trumps people approved before this!
NAFTA IS A BAD DEAL AND I FOR ONE TRUST THE PRESIDENT TO MAKE IT BETTER FOR THE US.  SOMETHING YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT TO BUSY WITH ILLEGALS
it seem there will be no Nafta for the US, it looks like it will be Mexico Canada and Britan
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME NAFTA WAS NOT GOOD FOR THE US
That's OK Chuck...never mind...the adults will take it from here.
What you should do is help the President instead of fighting with him. Work together.  Get things done. Be positive.
You would be wise to back away from NAFTA. Point out that it was a republican plan originally. All Clinton did was sign it

better come to Michigan & I don't mean merely the down state urban areas. Come up to the U.P on Canadian border and see real poverty of jobs
This is so stupid it defies comment! Tax&Spend is NOT a better deal.
Democrats coming up with a better deal. Another one like Obamacare! Oh Lord, we're going to bee in trouble again. That's what you want!
The Senate democrats seem quite busy. You know like proposing legislation that seeks to save lives, by preventing them.
Chuck you and your senate dems have nothing. You should retire
9 YEARS TOO LATE
Alert: And you can bet he won’t be at any of them !
CHUCK, running scared you will lose your SLUSH FUNDS? Appears that Dems are good talkers and NOT doers. FEAR MONGERS!!!!
What are SEIU and ANTIFA brown shirts ready to attack Americans again.
Garbage should've never outsourced our manufacturing capability & jobs for a World agenda ! All it did was put all site on the illuminated
All you do is talk, Chuckie. TERM LIMITS
Show me the details. Sounds like you took a page out of Donald’s play book. But you will do anything to make yourself look good & him bad.
Townhalls are not going well ask Nancy
You promoted and passed NAFTA a couple of decades ago, and now you see a problem with it. Way to stay on top of things Chuckles 
Great idea!
More globalist crap..
Yo schmucki. You're not fooling anyone your deal sucks take it and use it for toilet paper. No one wants you or your lobbyists
U dems have been ACTIVELY pushing hate & gridlock bcause of UR Trump derangement syndrome. UR hurting THE PEOPLE, not him. We will not 4get.
Dems we already see your better deal. Kind of sucks. You are ripping America apart and care more about dreamers than Americans.
Let's have "town halls" where we convince America to pass TERM LIMITS on fossils like you who HURT Americans W/ your "resistance" BULLCRAP.
NAFTA Sux
You are responsible for ACA, NAFTA, N Korea and Iran nukes, GDP stagnation and highest corporate tax of any major country. You have failed
Why renegotiate? You Dems negotiated this version which screwed unions and USA. Why would anyone want to hear your opinion?
Sure you want to give our jobs other people but you take them away from our people
A democratic better deal means sending more companies out of the country.
A better deal would be for You and the rest of the Morons in Congress to Resign.

You lost the election. You don't get a say. Sorry. @realDonaldTrump
I’m sorry I believe we the American people missed the town hall meetings the Democratic’s had on the health care policies. There weren’t any
Holy shit Crying Chuck that’s hilarious 
Stop wasting time, why do you need a meeting? Because you need to learn you have no idea do you
Why didn't you have these fabulous ideas when you owned both houses and obama????
U have displaced American worker and good jobs! U have brought in cheap illegal labor to keep profits high n wages low! U r enemy of US wrkr
Your better deal is same old same old, till just a bunch of crap as is your norm.
Liar
Silence Chuck, let's let Trump do his job. Hypocrites of dem party don't make good negotiators.
Dems already screwed up enough!  Let the adults take care of fixing it chuck
Stick your townhalls where the sun never shines, no ones care what dem. Traitors have to say.
Here's Bernie Madoff's pal @SenSchumer with rapist Harvey Weinstein.
This guy got caught and wait for next one.
Ooh, a TOWN HALL (which few can attend) to TALK ABOUT (not do something) a trade feal your previous nominee for President endorsed. "Love"it
Just LOWER taxes on small business and middle class ...THATS a better deal
Since when?
Again you & your crony's screwed the AMERICAN PEOPLE for 8 yrs!
You're track record proves it! OBAMA care, Iran deal, Dodd Frank, BLAH BLAH!
No!
Let me know how that goes lol, I will trust those billionaires to get us a great deal instead of getting my input
NAFTA was a terrible sell-out of American workers
Town Halls? Really? If the outcome is not listening to us, the voters, then have 1,000 or 10,000... #tonedeaf #neoliberal
Because of the 2018 Election.
Your opinion isn't needed. The people working on this problem are WAY smarter than you. Try repairing your party instead of destroying it.
Democrats are bad for American jobs.
Great idea!
We had 8 lost years of democrat ideas. 401ks died. Unemployment skyrocketing. We can't afford any more of your better deals!!!
Schumer we DONT believe ANYTHING that comes out of your mouth. YOUR SCARE TACTICS DON'T WORK ANYMORE.  YOU'VE CRIED WOLF WAY TO MANY TIMES!
What are you on about? Keep fighting lower taxes for the middle class and spending too much money. It's what Dems are really good at.
Chuck! We had enough of your stupid deals!
U had a chance to get NAFTA right the first time Chuck. Stay away
Senate dems have copied Trumps economic plan and plagiarized Papa Johns to market it
ok but what about impeachment
They will let the country bleed to death before they #Impeach45.  They want Trump as a poster child for campaigning
They don't have the votes, various dems have been discussing impeachment for a while, what's blocking it is GoP cowardice as per Corker.
Your "Deal" kills jobs and the economy.  Not what we need. We need dinosaurs like you out of office. You are killing the USA. As usual.
Roy Moore is not much better.  He could vote to raise minimum wage
Nobody trusts the Democrats
You been blowing smoke out your ass for 4 decades and let American Jobs go overseas
"What's a town hall?"

- Senate Republicans
