it's Ryan-Care. Can't you see that? The people know. Why don't you?
Yes your "useful idiots" are blind and marching in step!  If they only knew!  You will have your day of reckoning!
All the people making decisions on our healthcare are the ones who have excellent health care so, why should they carego figure!
sir i wish i had five minutes to convince you to drop the hate rhetoric
People on Medicaid so NOT be considered a success! Gov't should NOT be involved in health care!
You may have the "Useful Idiots" fooled but I see what u r and what your true motives are!  You will pay!  Karma!
Why are you so afraid to introduce Single Payer?  You guys wouldn't get as much income but it is what the people want.
@realDonaldTrump . Donald. Get out of bed with insurance  companies.  Universal Health Care for all. A right not a privilege.
can we not put forward some good repair options instead of sitting still and constantly bashing other folks
god bless you for saving the working poor and standing up to an evil regime
So now Americans wait for ACA to crash & burn while Congress enjoys a decent HC plan (not ACA). You work for America?!?!?!  NOT!
Take away Federal Health Care from the politicians.  Force them to use Obamacare and see if the Dems continue to be cockey rich!
Finally! The truth. Class system must be abolished. Govt. "Employees," like Schumer, should use same plan.
We need ACA fixed, Chuck.
Yes!  The Socialists(soon to be Communists) need the Goverment to take care of them from cradle to grave!
The Dems should have their own plan ready soon. Premiums are still too high. People are suffering. Let's be the ones to fix!
Didn't you know that when the Fat Cat is fat.  All are fat!!  Your Day is coming Sir!  And when it does....don't be surprised!
We agree. Now work together to fix what's wrong with ACA
Liar
Socialism is a short transition to Communism! You sir are a Communist! I am not!  And I will fight you and your ilk unto death!
Seniors premiums are already doubled thanks to your Obama Garbage Care....what a clown you are!
It's not my responsibility to pay for another's health care.
Just because I have money, doesn't mean I should donate it.
May we ask what ur plan would be? Because we know what the #ACA (which u voted for) did. Ur throwing rocks in a glass house.
Have you seen my premium I got under OBAMACARE sir??  It's unaffordable and a disaster with poor quality drs and 6800 ded
not Trump care. Senate and House Reps responsible to provide a path for fix. To bad u didn't read ACA before buying it. Bad move
A note on Obamacare, I missed my 1st payment and they disenrolled me from obtaining any insurance.  I have no ins now until Nov!
I'm 65 yrs. young, live on SSDI, and need my Medicare. I'm thrilled this didn't go Trump's way.
Wrong again, Mr. Schumer. You and Nancy Pelosi own Obamacare and DEMS better fix it by end of 2017.
that's your obama care
what solutions are you offering besides whining like a 3 year old. You are all incompetent. Just a bunch of charlatans...
Pls propose thoughtful, sensible fixes and strengthen ACA.
and pray the Republicans don't block them all while you are at it. Make sure is Bipartisan & actually works
that is a lie, you make shit up every time I flush I say maybe that liar schumer is finally gone
Senator, wouldn't now be a good time for you to put the heat on the Russia WH campaign potential treason questions.
Stop w the senior lie, they're on Medicare., not Obamacare
To resembling someone who is 90. Pre Obamacare an MRI would have been done immediately. ObamaCare is killing her. Get out of your bubble.
Finally did do the MRI they discovered this.  She has severe heart issues now and can no longer work. She went from a healthy 50 year old...
Couldn't do an MRI for 6-8 weeks. Gave her a boot to wear. In this time she had a blood clot because she had a fracture.  When they....
A coworker of mine on ObamaCare plan as well. Her ankle began hurting.  Went to doc and X-ray showed nothing. Said due to insurance they....
Lol.  I read the bill. Saw many benefits for me, a low income earner.
What about the millions of Middle Class paying huge premiums and deductibles to subsidize others?  Cash grab by the Dems.
OBAMA CARE IS YOUR'S NOW=LIVE WITH IT NOT 100%.????
chucky, it's over, u won but now it will go bankrupt and u will lose bigly! Hahaha!!!
Thank you @SenSchumer for all your hard work
Schumer is just another Democrat liar, make this his last term, he does nothing for Americans, he is senile.
Sir,your statements are misleading the public,you should be ashamed of yourself.
this is why Dems lost. You dont represent all Americans just a hand full
when will democrats come up with a proposal to fix a program that is still broken?
@IndivisWstchr thank you Senator Schumer for resisting Washington's wrong decisions.
I'm sure your donors wouldn't have minded it getting passed
please don't act like you care about anyone but yourself. This is just a revenge scheme by you n pelosi
I know people who would benefit but would never be able to do so at the cost of anyone's suffering
Obama care is going to collapse and then you will still try to blame that on Trump also
#trumpcare would have created 8.2 million jobs, lower premiums by 43% and saved the failed Obamacare. You will be beg 4 new plan
your hands must be pretty dirty as you keep pulling these $figures and comments out of your ass!!!
sir you are missing one of the greatest political opportunities this country has seen in decades.
I also think it is time to offer a public option. Maybe a public health trust. Nationwide.
So you r going 2 sit n your senate chair and say ACA premiums will go down for the American people in the coming months? #MAGA
Keep it up! Yes there are problems, but the best thing congress can do for health care is allow medicine from Canada!
you know that's not right. What did you do to contribute to make it better? Answer nothing bcause you are a gridlock bureaucrat
So where do you fit in, Chuckie ??? You're untouched...
those are Obama numbers you're looking at...look again stink balls
just more Schumer lies, Democrats and Schumer are more comfortable lying than telling the truth, like Obama.
it's so insane it takes your breath away. And lets not forget the wall at over 15billion that WE will pay
They took it off the table sch. Lets move on. Sure you Dems can find something else to cry about while setting on your hands. #UseLess
How dare you not know what is going on in your state. MTA rates have skyrocketed. Do you pay 350 a month for transportation?
If you tax me any more and give to illegals, I'm not paying my taxes. Then you can pay out of your pocket!
you do realize that people that work in NY make $ on paper but the amount of money we pay out kills us! YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT!
thank you for your reasonable remarks. Removing "essential health benefits" removes them from Medicare too, not mentioned.
, Thank you!  It's time to repeal and replace Donald Trump!
rhetoric wil not fix ACHA, you own this mess Chuck
yea but those premiums are going to continue to climb. But as long as Trump doesn't try to fix it is all that matters. #liblogic
you are so full of it.  Liar!
A person who criticizes this effort without a solution is a Whiner.  Fits you perfectly.
Okay GOOD JOBDon't stop get us a single payer systemWork with them to protect us from Dr PRICE  @ HHS he's dangerous
Shumer knows Trump was hacked so does Shiff
how much you make a year what do you pay for health care .............. yep crickets
chuck do you have any idea what middle class working families are paying now?  No you do not.

newsflash! Low Income workers PAY NO FED INCOME TAX! How do u cut that?
BS you clearly dont understand how small business is organized and taxed
..so very out of touch with no understanding if tax
then give seniors the same coverage you have and pay for it. Quit asking us to accept coverage you don't even use.
We need #TermLimits  chuck
And now Obamacare is on you fool.
sameold Dem. Rhetoric over the past 60 yrs. The group that never pasted a budget prevent anyone from know where the money goes!!
u mean RyanCare. U dopes only see what's immediately in front of u. Trump sees 5 miles down the road. This was part of the plan.
how much did you make before you join the country club in DC
how much do you make a year
In six months you will be shown to be wrong and terribly so.
Thank you, Senator, for your strength and determination to protect the American people!
now isn't that special 
#fakenews
I thought it was 8.4k? Make up ur minds!
Glad that Obama Care is not Failing.  Have U & UR family switched to It??? When U do come talk 2 US.
Great dodge
I am so glad this didn't pass.
more fear and intimidation tactics. So old school.
#Obamacare is broken sir, what's your plan?
Chuckles if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor. DUHH.
. Now we will see how good "Obama Care" is and how long before to explodes.
Time to push #MedicareForAll
insurance company are highway robbery and the Government allow that to happen they making themselves richest from little people

now we need to make the insurance company lower premiums so Obama care succed maybe if they do get tax break like Ryan offer
You still talking out your ass, give it up, next time you run, YOU will lose big time, hear Obama or Hillary well run against U
do you have obamacare
That's a bold face lie and you know it. You just screwed America today..That's what you did.  Pure politics..We're all tired of.
you can bet he's working on something else to make americans miserable.
True @SenSchumer but lets be mindful of history also, red tin or blue for 40 years has = the same economic soup. @Lglwry
Congrats to all Dems and all people who rely on ACA!
thank you for fighting against #Trumpcare!
Chuck u need to get real.  Join the Clintons deserve each other
Dems created this animal called Obamacare, you fix it.
yay
The winners there the few wealthy and of course the insurance companies.
our deductibles are already that high under Obamacare moron
AHhh. America sleeps more soundly.
When arrogance fails. Lovely
oh the sad millionaires
now let's work in making Obamacare better.  For everyone even >$250k
Can't believe they would do that to seniors. But can believe they put tax cut in #WealthCare
All BS, you know dam well.
Punish the poor and reward the rich!  How dare he!!!
@Sam38G @SenSchumer fuck trump
Obamacare was a boom for you commies. How much more did you get that last 7 years.America got screwed,you got rich.

new one coming. Great job Republicans don't vote for something along party line like the party who created this crap.
Sen Schumer how about you take the lead and see if healthcare can be perfected for us ppl?Work does Need to be done.
If Dems can come up with their own common sense and humanity-friendly tweeps to AHA, they will win by doing something positive.
Thank you for standing up for the American people and the #ACA
you libtards OWN odumbass care it's your fault you passed it without reading it it's failing and imploding you know it so FIX it
Im finding more people are so ignorant of what is actually going on and just bitching because they dont live it
fixing healthcare shouldn't be about paying the bill but rather how it is delivered, cost of care is 10k per head in US YEARLY.
you nothing about low income people
@ShebaRiddle5 thank you
Hurray for us, little guys, for a change!
Democrats can not work with NotMyPresident until Russia is Adjudicated!!!!!
Glad your happy, it's yours now.
So ok seniors, you have to go on the one plan available to you! Have fun finding a dr. Maybe Chuck will help.
I hope Congress continues to streamline the ACA
How much will your premiums go up?  Guessing you don't pay  for your taxpayer funded insurance. Yea obstruct ... Russia Russia
THANKS CHUCKLES,YOU SAY THAT AFTER MOST PREMIUMS WENT UP 100% UNDER OBAMACARE,YOU ARE A LYING COWARD!
You saved aca, all citizens will benefit, you accomplished the objective, let's move on to tax & reg  reform. $20 Trillion. Debt
unfortunately now @realDonaldTrump and @GOP are going to try to pass pure tax cuts for wealthy
Lies, lies &more lies
Americans are elated that we dodged a huge bullet but let's stay vigilant and not Glee
Sen Schumer, it is time to stick it to the insurance companies. Believe it or not, that was said on Fox (Fake) News 25 mins ago.
We need to fix it before they destroy it.
so the premium that is going to sky rocket and you are happy with that?
How much fun are you having watching Trump try to blame the dems?? I. CAN'T. STOP. LAUGHING!!! 
Who are you kidding? We have been on an increase every year since Obama Care began. There was never a tax break for the middle class! SCAM
so, we dodged a bullet, but now what can be done to fix ACA? In Ariz, Kentucky, any place with a provider issue?
great hob let it explode I at 64 pay 1375.00 mo for INS Let those welfare sponges lose theirs I pay for mine take food stamps to
no Chucky.  You are incorrect as usual.  That's ok.  We will watch Obamacare fail.
ACA saved my life and many of our clients. We offered health ins before ACA people over bottom line.
Dems need to b ready w/backup so insurers don't drop out & raise costs even more. WH has given them permission 2 do so. B ready
Please make sure that Marco Rubio is not in charge of making the payments to the insurance Co's.  He stopped the payments 2015.
not today trumpie not today
Instead of repeal ACA democrats should say we will REPAIR the ACA with the republicans if they want our input.
Time to govern, its a matter of time before Obamacare fails. What is your solution?
its unconchanable
No such thing as Trumpcare  What we currently have is #Obamacare which YOU voted for & which is a blight on Americans. #OwnIt
#thank G-D . Thank you mr Schumer for all your great work for the people. Bless you.
You're such a damn hypocrite...You're right where you belong as the minority in lib wracked NY...
PLEASE do more to educate public on what leg. actions GOP has taken to reduce effectiveness of ACA - xRisk corridors xReIns. etc
thank you for your diligence! The American people won today. But you have much work to do, persist to impeach for #Trumprussia
time for the Dems to offer real solutions to those parts of ACA that need to be better. Fix rising premiums and drug costs.
By all means!  Make drugs free!  Your constituents are begging!
thank you for looking out for us!!! 45 is not!!!  Tax Bill next. We need you more on that!!
Get'em Chuck!!!
isn't obamacare just a tax on middle-class?
where do you come up with this shit Chucky?
thank you for your hard work, integrity and courage.
you and pochontas are at fault for ObamaCare disaster

U do nothing but make it harder 4 hardworking to make it.no help just divisiveness.Repulsed by politicians!
simple solution. 1) private interstate competition, 2) public Medicare option for any age purchase, 3) Medicaid for poor.
Also removal of mandates w/restricted State funds antithetical to construct of this bill 2 gv States more flexibility.
