Locked in $950M for HOME funds & $3B for CDBG funds, to help communities provide safe, affordable homes & cont. neighborhood revitalization.
We prioritized funding for opioid & heroin addiction prevention & treatment, securing $3.8B for new & existing innovative prgms thru SAMHSA.
Protecting #GreatLakes is vital to NYers' health & the NY economy. Funding Great Lake Restoration Initiative will boost fishing & tourism.
NY has some of the oldest sewer & water systems in the US; Clean Water& Drinking Water Funds will keep funneling fed dollars to repair them.
I’ve fought my whole career to bring more federal resources to our vol & career fire depts - it was essential we lock in $690M for grants.
Time & again we hear the PTC could make tragic train derailments a thing of the past. Secured $200M to help implement soon.
Spending agreement ignores Pres Trump's proposed cut & fully funds TIGER Grants, allocating $500M for infrastructure in Upstate communities.
$3B will help fixed-income seniors & lower income NYers cover high energy costs & end agonizing decision of pay bills or feed their family.
.@HeadStartgov is one of America's best investments in its future - investing in our children. Funding will be protected in spending bill.
As #climatechange bring harsher & harsher storms to NY, stream gauges will be even more essential. Agreement to invest in them a win for NY.
Clean up of West Valley nuclear reprocessing site is fed’s responsibility. Secured $66M commitment to protect public health, environment.
Across NY, @Cornell @UBuffalo @UofR @Columbia @stonybrooku & more are vital @NIH partners. Increased funds for research a win for all.
.@POTUS budget would have derailed #MealsonWheels, but @SenateDems kept funds rolling for this year in spending agreement!
I WOULDNT BE CELEBRATING! TRUMP DID WHAT HE HAD TO TO PUT AMERICANS FIRST! NOT ABOUT WINNING! SAD! PLEASE RETIRE!
It's it Dems against repubs or are we Americans ...what a bunch of a-holes
Don't you guys get it....... congress and the house are the swamp not Wall Street...try working together to advance our country
You really enjoy talking to yourself, don't you Schumer? @POTUS schooled you today! 
It's never just about Americans! Just "big wins" for Dems! Screw you Senator!
#fake info Senator! U did not pull the wool over the eyes of @POTUS .  U r just an obstructionist! #MAGA #retirechuck
Really the Republicans and Pres Trump made sure it passed it's not all about Democrats who left Middle America behind
How did you do it?  Trump caved totally! Wonderful!!!! #MAGA #POTUS #GOP #NRA #TrumpRussia #TrumpPence16 #AltRight #UniteBlue
You are implying that Trump would accept a blowjob from a man. Is that what you really mean? #MAGA #POTUS #AltRight
Yessss!! Making us proud @SenSchumer Keep kicking @ss!!
last time I checked, there were people living throughout the United States,  not just New York.
And Illinois!
SUCKY CHUCKY you ha cent won anything?
Another concession by Republicans.  I am ashamed to consider myself Republican at this moment... @POTUS
Upstate New York? What about the rest of the country?
And the 120 million trump security bill????
lol. the loser.
#Republicans and #Democrats joining together on #FederalBudget fulfills #JDCpredictions http://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/05/may0117-pertaining-to-joining-somewhere.html …
Time for NYC and state to pay for your infrastructure and such not fed monies.
Really chuckle it only benefits high income ppl. When RU going to stop lying to your fellow New Yorkers? NY ppl look it up. He is using U.
Oh yeah as expected democrats caved in. Congratulations we expect this the next four years. He asked for 1.4B and you gave 1.5 .
Remember that Scumer when the @POTUS  need you later!
To bad u don't think about the rest of the country
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr when this guy feels good about the deal you know you all failed. Massive fail.
So does saving planned parenthood mean you support the continued killing of babies in the womb Chuckles?
We don't care about New York. SHUMER WRONG FOR AMERICA
Schumer and Democrates need to grow up
Schumer you make me sick yo my stomach just looking at you Get lost
Hope it's good for downstate New Yorkers, or don't you care about them. What about suburban Detroit - good for them? Or Nashville? USA?
Does this mean you'll stop your bitching?
What about the OTHER 49 states. You do not represent them selfish selfish selfish
Not a bad deal for republicans and all Americans. It's not just aboutyou
Protects the #epa !
Chuckle is so happy, he is replying to himself. #Veto this disaster
Thank you for a win!!!
I'm trying to remember what you said to that airline steward , I think it rhymes would B
Only till September did you leave out that detail, Shutdown show the country how much of a crybabies you Dems are
Idiot
A win for democrats means it's bad for the country.
Yes it is and nobody seems to care
Democraps SUCK!
It should be about what's good for the country not either political party.  BTW, what's with 15 billion more to bloated defense budget?
Can you say thank you President Trump?
You have no idea what's good for upstate nor do you care it's time to work with president Trump
If u r so concerned with NYers then stop giving away their tax money to refugee & illegal immigrant services. Not our responsibility!
For a thief like you
Way to!!
It's a big win for Republicans also. We're talking about the American people. That's the problem with you
Spend spend spend
I thought Republicans was in charge of government,dang GOP grow some balls
From a Canadian point of view, #GreatLakes clean up money is a huge win for the environment....in spite of #ScottPruitt's #EPA #Omnibus
Bloated as usual. Something we can't afford. Why
I love Schumer, but you're not just New York any more. You're our top elected Democrat, and we need leadership.
Perhaps if @NYGovCuomo stopped giving clean energy subsidies & free tuition to students NY would be able to do some of this itself. #FoxNews
and for federal workers
HAY ASS HOLE ITS NOT ABOUT DEMCRATS THATS WHY YOUR OUT OF TOUCH
I wanted to THANK YOU!!! For what you've managed with our budget. You all stood strong and the #resistance sees it.
Impeach this illegitimate potus already!
They tried. But the argument he had bad hair was not enough to do it.
We're glad you are there standing up for the everyday American.  I wish you were my Senator.
Working together, love it 
Or translated a big win for Big Governemt, Big Debt and Federal Wealth Redustribution.  Why do you get to spend my money on New York trains?
This is good for America.  Let's not diminish that with party rhetoric
Tell them China and Berlin have walls they are not using anymore.  Learn from history
Thank You Senator Chuck Schumer!  YES!
Way to keep the Democrats together! Holdout minorities can extract wealth from majorities this way. Good work. @DNC
Thank you Senator Schumer!
It's a disgraceful and blatant rejection of all Americans for the sake of political pandering. Bible said do not boast! FOOLS!
The bible also says this: Those who break the Sabbath are to be executed. 31:14
And your point is??? When you find your supporting violence instead of homeless children & vets you may not be so arrogant.
You work for all. No party lines. We the people means jus that Chuckles.
Your delusional.......its a 5 month spending bill that obama Neglected lol. What a #loser
Senator Schumer has a total disregard for the working middle class; term limits as soon as possible
@potus @seanhannity  Chuck , what benefits do you and congress get for Health care?  pay for retirement? Mainstreet would love to know facts
Lol Mr Schumer, maybe you can work with President now and do some work. Instead of blocking  everything
The idiot keeps golfing in Florida so congress has to take the reins
Was there some sort of anti-repeal provision in play?
A hummer means spending bill will be good for up scale Wall Street aristocrats  corp gov contracts gains
So Chuck, now that you got what U wanted, R U going to give @POTUS what he wants? Play fair now!
Dumpf got the stolen scotus seat. And none of his cabinet in jail yet. Guess he can keep golfing until his wife gets lonely in nyc
Whoever laughs-last, laughs-best Schumer!
Remember when Trump didn't know what Omnibus means?  Oh, still doesn't. #ImpeachTrump
@potus Why is it about the DEMS Chuck?   Why not put USA 1st?
It's a win for "Ds" because they sucessfully stopped Trump from gutting a bunch of things that help Americans.
@POTUS did say he would be a president for ALL Americas. He wasn't lying. You just need to step up now and stop grandstanding
What do you know about upstate?
Should have funded the wall
Which you did nothing but obstruct what we DO need. Now we, the voters, need you removed. You ARE the weakest link.
Yeah because clean air and water are so in the way of American freedoms
