If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Jimmy Kimmel just lowered his ratings by 50% and Crying Chuck is a disgrace to  working America .. Neither are on ACA.
That's how you know he is sincere. He is willing to give up ratings to make his point.
No , he hates Trump and does not care about America , I am tired of cowards
He was brave enough to risk ½ his audience. Cowardice would have been to think it but not say anything.
Both are a disgrace to America's future , we are ready to fight .
Courage and cowardice are both disgraceful? That doesn't leave any alternatives.
The communication.  Or are you gutless?  Oh and talk to the young people.who are supposed to sign up for it so they can offset the cost of
CRYING Jimmy , crying Chuck  are cowards and  liars .
Hey, Suck up!  Why don't you try associating with every day people instead of famous ones?  They have no clue about the reality of the
THIS IS COMPASSION EMPATHY AND BRILLIANCE. A FAMILY TRAGEDY WILL OPEN UR EYES AND HEART! THANK GOOD HE HAS THE PLATFORM TO REACH MILLIONS
I want to be invited to Crying Jimmys show .
The older people on the plan but ooops!  They can't afford the premiums so they aren't signing up for it.  How long do you think this would
OR you can talk to my friend Li-Anne who has patients with 5000.00 deductibles for EACH medical event.  Send me a tweet and I'll work out
Because she has to pay rent and can't afford both.  So her fine goes to provide insurance for people who get what she can't afford.
#runouttheclock . Vote (((NO))) on #GrahamCassidyBill #Medicaid #DisabilityRights #Autism #aspergers
Jimmy, any time you want to talk to my friend Electa who lost her life savings due to the ACA, let me know.  Or my other friend who is fined
Pull pulling those marionette strings Chuckie
America is NOT a Socialist republic.  Read your history.  LEAVE this country if you can't handle it.
Sustain itself?  Come back to when you weren't famous and struggled like everyone else.
Sen. Cassidy has no idea what's in his bill. He probably hasn't read it and doesn't care. He's a party-before-country kind of #GOP guy.
I agree. We should pass Medicare For All so *all* Americans have guaranteed access to health care.
Middle class and what they go through.  They can afford the ACA but most middle class can't!  So Jimmy, why don't YOU chip in for THEM?
His focus is better than yours, Chuck.  You need to rein Sanders in; not let him screw us all w/his self-serving "debate."  #UGH
Please cancel Bernies debate!!
Shut up schumer. You need to be repealed and replaced  watch us change that scheme your democratic and obama pulled  on the American people
I like Jimmy even if I do not always agree with the politics of Hollywood..
Truly...I hear nothing about the healthcare our Reps have available to them while they argue and opine about insurance for the rest of us..
As a parent of a special needs child I just want to say thank you @jimmykimmel for speaking out 
This is the type of person America needs as president. One with a harsh compassion empathy and care for the people in need
You would like jimmy kimmel  another loud mouth  like YOU #crybabychucky.
lol exactly
Oh God. When will we ever stop throwing up...
It benefits everyone for people to have access to medical care.  More people managing their conditions, less people seeking care in ER's
Using the ER for medical care w/o insurance, cost your county and the hospital. Why hospitals in rural areas are closing doors.
I live in a rural area.  My hospital would probably have to close if the new healthcare bill passed. The next closest hospital? 2 hrs away
Trillions in debt. I would not depend on the government.
Countries w/universal health care pay much less per person than USA currently, providing higher ranked care to all.
If we were not trillions in debt and we weren't talking about our government that might be worth a try. With their record; no thanks!
Americans think we do everything best, but we could learn a lot from other countries.
I am disappointed in jimmy'sdecetive position  it would be great if he read the bill himself reacher than repeat Democrat talking pointe
I'm not sure why you're thanking him.

Well said Jimmy, thank God someone with a voice spoke up for everyone! Vegas loves you and so do I! You are AMAZING!
@SenSchumer this is too important. Don't allow this awful bill to get any where near a vote. Excoriate @BillCassidy 4 tru motive-$ frm Kochs
This bill is a death sentence 2 Americans who can't afford 2 pay. Not equal and only the rich will have access 2 everything they need! CRUEL
Please do not let Bernie debate the single payer - please issue a set of items that can fix ACA Healthcare - Please Please Please
I am from Albany Senator and I am proud you are representing my voice..but I've asked before:why can't we have same healthcare as Congress?
No one cares what Jimmy Kimmel thinks or says! He's an entertainer and needs to stick with that or we turn him off. Know your place Jimmy!
Uninformed tool of the DNC
I support anything to do away with Obamacare.  It worthless and unaffordable.   Anything to replace it better than keeping it.
You're not out of the woods yet. Remember DACA
Oh how you all will cry come hext election, we'll call you goodbye lying chhck!
If only he weren't so anti-Trump already, I would listen to what he says. Are there any plans to repeal and replace the failed system?
We called, called and called again. Tomorrow we call still!!!
#Putrumpin is a mass murderer wanna be. Let's deny him.
Disgusted with Jimmy Kimmer yes!!!! I have no problem with my senator!
Don’t expect corrupt @realDonaldTrump and @GOP to walk away from an opportunity to line their pockets...
I'm counting on you Senator to somehow postpone the voting on bill. Or locking a few GOP in an abandoned warehouse
who the hell is @jimmykimmel a rich person w/does not have 2 worry abt his ins is who he is. These rich people shouldn't give their opinion
Jimmy is a Hollywood lib who cares what he thinks!
Thank you Jimmy Kimmel
Since he is now your go to guy, what does he think about lower taxes?
you need to do better Chuck.
I've watched today's coverage of the very real potential of the ACA being repealed

THREAD—
https://twitter.com/hoarsewisperer/status/910259367869665286 …
Sad when you are looking to comedians for support. LOSER
Why don't you get in Obamacare and see how you like it?
Nothing objective about Jimmey, just owned by liberal left
Chuck,  FIGHT!
Put ur money we’re ur mouth is get rid of the tax penalty  If you don’t you’re just a big communist
Jimmy Kimmel is an American hero!!!
Now a comedian is the proxy leader of the democrat party.  Makes sense
Thank you for posting!  Please continue to fight for us!
When @jimmykimmel is more Presidential than the current pos prez ...
That explains a lot. #dems now getting advice from celebs.
Would his son have been covered on Obamacare since it is falling apart my brother had cancer strange Obamacare didn't cover his necessities.
You should not have kids, if you can not afford theif health insurance Kimmel
Thank you Jimmy.  Please call.
Chuck why don't you just sit there and do nothing. Oh! That's your job, do nothing but complain and not help Americans
Facts not fiction! Your supposed to be a comedian? Dishonesty is not funny
You and your Hollywood elite think you know all. You did not even read the proposal. How can you say these things without the knowledge
Yes.. thank You!
who cares what jimmy kimmel thinks another way of using a show to push his agenda.  No one hears what the people wants.
The earth is tearing itself apart it's a sign that it is past his time to leave his "job" won't it be nice to have adult Twitter again


Ur both not affected by OCARE. Maybe stop speaking for ppl who are really affected by it in order to gain propaganda pts w/ ur base.
Why did you vote to increase the military budget? What kind of progressive thinks that is a good idea?
@BillCassidy https://m.youtube.com/results?q=sen%20schumer%20rescinding%20daca&sm=3 …
This is Cassidy's office number: 1-225-929-7711
Thank you Jimmy Kimmel. Please keep it going. Maybe he (Cassidy) will explain himself on your show.
I smell a fish here, self-interest is a b****
While it’s nice that you’re thanking him, you are actually in a position to DO something about it, sir. #filibuster #MedicareForAll
@BillCassidy Not answering phone. Mailbox is full. COWARDS!
I finally found common ground. No to the senate bill
Lyndsey Graham's office not answering phone. Leave a message. LOL! COWARDS!
@worldofobama @jimmykimmel @BillCassidy Wow, Kimmel, I'm impressed! Your child willB honored to have you as their baby daddy
Anyone who believed Cassidy or any other Republican, in regard to healthcare, is a complete dolt.
Why don't you stick to telling jokes
Pathetic!

.@SenSchumer well, this 2bit host might actually live in NY.  But do you bAse your political decisions on one single story?  Shame on dims.
trump & his goons lie when will people get that!
Good job  Jimmy Kimmell...
Used again for airtime! Like Hilary said - there is no other .... this is it!
Make Cassidy come to his phone then give him an earful don't let this political elitist get away w/o saying ure piece
Sitting on the fence is going to give you a sore butt, you need to decide wich side your on and stay there. Be a man!
@Newyorker)LLLMMMM

 IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL I MENTONED. U  DON'T HELP AT ALL. WHY?
The left is desperate, they are using Tv shows and Hollywood to push their failing agenda. lol
Yea because Jimmy is such an expert? NOT. Millions have family with serious issues. ACA ruined healthcare and politicians did ZERO.
Schmer so are you
Cassidy is just a hypocrite shill for GOP

GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS
Thanks my senator too!! Keep up the fight!

SORRY SCHUMER HALF OF THE COUNTRY DOES NOT WATCH JIMMY KIMMEL SO WE DON'T GIVE A DAM WHAT HE HAS TO SAY.  HE IS ONLY ONE VOTE WE ARE MANY
This bill seems to reward states for keeping it's people poor, and gives them money they don't have to spend on health cost subsidies. Yes?
You said yourself that Obamacare was a mistake back in 2014z.
Stop the fake rhetoric!!
Say NO to illegal WT authorized by Obama Demand a full investigation since it was done during an FBI probe into Russian involvement
Hold the floor! Do whatever  you need to do to stop this thinly veiled attempt to give more$ to the rich on the backs of others
.@SenSchumer needs to demand that the illegal WT authorized by Obama during a FBI probe used to advance a political party be investigated
.@SenSchumer already knew about the illegal WT yet said nothing There's nothing Russia could have done that compares to that

.@SenSchumer grandstanded 4 a SP New evidence shows that Obama authorized an illegal WT to advance a political party during an investigation
Now.@SenSchumer should be on the floor grandstanding again demanding that because the WT was ordered by Obama he should be investigated
.@SenSchumer stood on the floors of congress demanding a SP now it came out that during the previous investigation.@POTUS was WT
Amazing.@SenSchumer tweeting.@JimmyKimmelLive about honesty when he knew.@POTUS was not under investigation yet told America he was
Thanks Jimmy! Definitely not boring what ever topic you talk about, especially w your caring, passion, consideration 4 sick, weak, old peopl
Maybe we should yell to the world "America is a country in a humanitarian crises!" We let people die instead of helping them because of $$$!


Hard to know the truth. Partisan politics; trust none of you!
Must be nice to have brain dead celebrities in your back pocket...
You are still a liar.  Have you signed up for Obummer care  YET.
Neither you nor Jimmy Kimmel get it! How many people are uninsured because of Obamacare! The middle class is dying under Obamacare, wake up!
Kimmel is a brown shirt donkey. He could careless about real people. He doesn't even have OB care.
Brown shirt Donkeys
What a joke.
Would like to ask Jimmy if he would put out a PUBLIC invite to Sen Cassidy to come back on your show and explain the bill he proposes
Dems want to turn the USA into Venezuela. No thanks!
Thank you @jimmykimmel WE so need honesty in the WH would you run for President plz?
I highly doubt that Jimmy is on Obamacare.
Mr. Schumer..Perhaps you should remain Positive + ask for forgiveness before the New Year? It is 'customary'... :)
ALL AMERICAS OWE @jimmykimmel A BIG THANK YOU!
Hey I used to watch girls in scanty skirts jump on trampolines now I am a Hollywood politician that knows what is good for America !!

Why would anyone believe you Democrats?? You made the mess we're in now with the failing Obamacare. Get rid of it!!
You are both two very poor examples  of how not to work for the benefit of improving healthcare in America. Stop with emotional outbursts.
Jimmy must gotten the dems playbook/email with the buzz words if the week.
Collusion of Dems and show biz shows thrills shallow Schumer.
Shut up to both of you. Americans are tired of liars which both of you are. Schumer passed Obamacare!!!
Thanks Jimmy Kimmel for denouncing Graham/Cassidy and forbidding the use of
Your Name "The J Kimmel Test"
To peddle their HURT LOCKER BILL
@BillCassidy Lower my costs then! Do it! I'm sick of paying so much because big Pharm & Insurance own politicians
Gov can't even run a country imagine running healthcare too. It's not all roses one payer system just one example.
Keep up the fight for good Healthcare for USA citizens Chuck!..We are counting on YOU!!!
KIMMEL:know your facts b4 running your mouth. I.e. Pre-existing conditions r covered. Schumer/libs against ANYTHING Trump, Cassidy
All you geniuses might want to check what's ACTUALLY in the bill... especially those who hold office.
F U in the AS_! Jimmy a-hole kümmel
What an ass kimmel is . We already know schumer has been
Obama care is crap get over your leftist bull shit. It needs to be replaced hurts all working Americans, and its collapsing all around us.
remember when Pelosi said we need to approve the bill so we can see what's in it , what a dam joke.
Or call the shmuck at 202 225 6542 and tell him to resign.
Thanks for standing up for the every day working ppl out there. We need your voice to take ppl to task. They sure aren't listening to us.
repub bash that people r penalized if they don't get coverage but they're saying that if this doesn't pass they'll let ACA implode!
And thanks to Pres Obama bc Repub legis never CARED ONE bit to fix healthcare. Only when Obama did it they became hell bent to dismantle ACA
A-H!
If the GOP takes away our insurance, take away theirs. Y should they get better coverage than us? They work for us! Did they forget this?


'I am politicising my son's health problems because I have to'
I wonder if chucky is gonna thank me 2
Anything from the Hollywood left needs no acknowledgment.
#StopGrahamCassidy I called my MN Senators who are fighting this awful #GrahamCassidyDeathBill  would hurt my state, women, kids, elderly!

@BillCassidy jimmy kimmel yoire a comedian not an elected official. Stick to what you know
Worth watching & listening to @jimmykimmel. Call 202-224-3121 & urge No vote on latest Trumpcare bill
Schumer, evidently U didn't bother to read this HC bill,  just like U didn't read ACA BEFORE SIGNING IT! U got us in this mess!  Own up toit
Disappointed in you and jimmy you bring nothing as a solution but BS and hot air
So now the dem leader is honoring a satirical comic for his monologue on HC Really
Appreciate your time & effort to address this issue & educate us all!
its clear  @gop is taking a final stab at gutting h/c b/c they want the 400 mil from koch bros...chuck is to shy to mention...say U?
Tell ya what, Chuck. We shouldn't be depending on talk show hosts to save our union! You should be doing that.
