Meet Mike – a Republican farmer from Kansas who’s speaking out against Trump's tax cuts for the rich.

WATCH: http://facebook.com/taxmarch/videos/352075355231986/ … 
It’s been proven trickle down economics is a lie. The #republicans lie. #notaxcuts for the rich. Period.
I want the tax cuts I owed money this past year to the fed for the first time ever.  What in the hell did you do with the money??
I pay more taxes than you bubba. FYI.
I don't care honestly, the tax money I pay should be at least putting someone to work on the roads out here falling apart.
Me either. Everything works here. But those top 1% have enough tax breaks and too much money. Why are they so greedy?
The law has been set up that way for a long time, the top 1 percent funds in all honesty both parties, they'll never pay.
I think republicans and democrats should primary a lot of the ppl currently there out, whoever isn't taking wallstreet money vote 4 them.
It’s pharma money, and koch money and Now Mercer money. Damn trump took putin’s money. 

Ugh.
You allowed the terrorist in our country along with 23 of his buds.  Shame on you.  You are a shameful hypocrite.

#NotOnePenny
Because GOP is owned by & listens to big corporations & billionaires who tell them to ignore low & middle income people.
WHY didn't  Obama or alll you Democrat's,hypocrite one and http://all.One  day Karma will come and payback is a bitch! Truth will prevail!
Bc they won't listen to some of the leading financial advisors in the country, history or constituents #taxmarch
For the same reason you don't listen to us on Medicare-4-All :
Corporate Donor$.
Let me ask you.   Why are you established Democrats not listening to your constituents?  Then the shame the Dems who crossed the isle to vote with GOP this past week to let banks destroy country.  Nancy and you have almost guaranteed Trump for 8 yrs.
same day @BobSMueller leaks Podesta @JacobAWohl exposes Mueller Benefited From MADOFF Ponzi Schemes @AGSchneiderman
Yeah right!
why won't the MSM?

Why do they keep drinking from the "angry white Trump Voters" well?
Will the republicans listen! Are you kidding me? They haven’t learned by now that gop tax breaks only benefits the rich, really?
Hi, I'm Mike – a crisis actor posing as a "Republican farmer from Kansas" here with today's @TheDemocrats talking points.
Is his last name Koch? No? Then they don't care about him.
@CoryBooker  You guys should go back to sleep!
He needs to stick to Farming.
What a fantastic democrat commercial! To bad it won’t work demoRATS
We The People need to stand up to Trump & GOP or they will continue to walk over all of us I have never felt so much sadness in this country
Cause the Republicans don't care about anything but getting their tax plan through, since everything else they touch has failed.
Because they don't care 
Because they only care is about getting more money from big corporations, and get power 
And play with your fears
That is exactly where @realDonaldTrump is taking the nation. He WILL cripple us as HE gets richer. His destiny is the only that is certain.
Why aren't democrats making this argument everywhere all the time
Because Mike the farmer from Kansas is not important to them. Now if Mike was a lobbyist with a petroleum company he'd be revered.
Why won't ANYONE in D.C. listen to the American people!!
How much does government pay mike in kansas for plowing his ground and planting knowing its to late to plant due to weather
Because it was spending problem STUPID not tax reduction ,why don't you mention states that did very well by tax reform like South Carolina
@GOP will never learn from/admit failed mistakes because they need to keep repeating them to reward the rich who support them. Quid pro quo.
B/C they know they can count on low information voters even when they have the information...
We need to want more than tax cuts.. they throw out the word tax cuts every time they run for office. We need more than tax cuts. TIRED!
Saying tax cuts makes you think you are getting something. When in fact, only the wealthy benefits. Republicans throws tax cuts like candy.
I am a independent voter and I am tired of the same old, same old words tax cuts.  We should know by now tax cuts helps the wealthy.
Tax cuts are not the answer to everything.  Everyone should see this video.
Because they are part of the 1% or their donors are
They want their tax break no matter how much it hurts others
We aren’t all as gullible as Ryan wants to believe. We know we aren’t rich enough to benefit from the “tax cuts”.
How much did schumer pay this farmer
#exhaustion
Chuck, Seriously? You know GOP only listen to their millionaire/billionaire backers. They don't care a rat's ass about a farmer in anywhere.
Why do you think a single individual should get to make tax policy for 320 million people?
@handi817 @taxmarch Bernie is who the GOP like! They really like him & we're not taking advantage of this why?
Why don't dems listen to facts and reality? Because it proves them wrong every single time. So lies are all you have.
Because they aren't tax cuts for the rich and you know that. Why do you find it necessary to lie constantly to the middle class? No respect
Farmers have more subsides than anyone, know one that put in a well, didn’t need it but govt came money to do it or lose it
Nothing wrong with that. It's a state issue not a federal issue. Totally misleading.
The rich actually often times supply the jobs. Let’s just get on with it!
Chuck U Schumer.  Champion of Rebpublican farmers everywhere.  Champion of the common man.  Wanna-be relevant Senator from New York City.
We must pay taxes to keep the bloated Federal bureaucracy at the feeding trough.  Get rid of the Dept. of Education.  They have failed.
That is Mike the Farmers opinion.
democrats did not repeal bush tax cuts
Better yet, WHY AREN'T THEY LISTENING TO THE FUCKING DEMOCRATIC PARTY!  YOU ARE THE LEADER, DO SOMETHING, ANYTHING!
http://geoengineeringWatch.org . And You Tube:1871. And Ethos Genesis
Because they don't care about Farmer Mike from Kansas.
Because Mike is a farmer from Kansas.
Do YOU listen to flyover country or do you only care about the coastal elites until you can score brownie points? I already know the answer.
Because the GOP is a failure.They went off the deep end and support Nazi,confederate,kkk,white supremacy and hate.Not American.Bottom line.
Um. Because they haven't been able to come up with a viable economic model that destroys government fast enough?
Because this is a government by the rich and for the rich
Because they want, and need, a "win" at all costs - no matter WHO it hurts!
Surely that's a rhetorical question.

Apparently the GOP has bottomless pockets which have to be lined, always at America's expense.
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @POTUS @SenateMajLdr are you listening to real #people

Wall Street Has Some Advice for the Democratic Party http://bit.ly/2yE25uM 
Cuz it's all about the coal miners right??
Chuck Schumer do you know how I can tell you’re lying your lips are moving. You’re nothing but an obstruction
Schmuckie u didnt listen to voters in last election. Americans want jobs for americans. That is why your pal shrillary lost.
The same guys that get farm and corn subsidies? Time to stop that practice right now. Nobody subsidizes my livelihood!!
@SenSchumer you act as tho the "rich" dont take advantage of loopholes & write-offs. A cut would be equal to what they are paying already.
Why doesn't the DEMS listen to ANY Americans? You are the deaf, blind & dumb party when it comes to the best interests of ALL Americans!
Becuz the GOP doesn't care about the middle class.
Don’t for 2 seconds pretend you give a rats ass what a farmer has to say
@SenatorLeahy Kansas doesn't matter when it's not an election year.
If I know what's good for women better than they do, what makes you think I don't know what's best for farmers too?
Remember, Democrats in the House and Senate are also part of the 1%.
You must be a real  disappointment to your kids my dad was a real man he was honest and had integrity.
Because they don’t CARE about these people!!That’s why they lie and and then don’t deliver!!
This guy represents my community
Calling it your job ol hoss sure don't make it right,

If you want me to I'll say a prayer for your soul tonight
Because they are only interested in pleasing their Donors.
Also, any talk about tax cuts going to worker pay is complete BS.

Corporations are sitting on record cash (Wall Street), how are our wages?
TY Corbie.  @GOP All the chopped word salad you can serve up won't explain giving corp's big tax cuts for rich owners. We r NOT highest tx'd
#GOP talking pts abt 35% is hogwash. Nobody pays anywhere near it after all the credits/deductions. It's smoke screen for tax cut for RICH
Chuck. You've been way way too soft on the GOP and their führer Dotard Bonespur. Why won't you push the public option?
Chuck thank you from NJ please continue what you're doing in the Senate, we will stand with you as long as you Resist Trump SERIOUSLY RESIST
Kansas failed their people. Now they need to vote for real change & real help. Not #FakePoliticians with empty promises #Vote4HonestyAgain
Chuck Schumer you are the most vile disgusting person on the planet
Becaus the GOP is bought and paid for by their 1 precent donors The donors xpext a return on theit money like Besty DeVos
because you corrupt dems have been lying & using everyone for years, farmers deduct everything, I KNOW, I FARMED, did you pay him off also
De-fund the NFL, no tax payer money for communists. Support Senate Bill S1342 and House Bill HR296.
@taxmarch democratic voters look at California!
keep up ur bs.i'm sure you'll convince everybody they don't want a tax cut if rich guys get one too.
Dustbowl can happen again.. but worse and red states are most exposed to catastrophe
agrivculture will be seriously hard hit by the combined destructive forces of GO/DJT deregulation, dscrimination, etc. not just CA wildfires
not just that-- farmers are hurt seriously by climate change, ICE / immigration harassment, ground water toxicity, environment contamination
why didn't YOU listen to the AMERICAN PEOPLE when over 70% of us said NO to ACA? #HYPOCRITE
Could a Universal Basic Income Make Small Town America Great Again?
Under Trump's plan the poor won't pay taxes
Ok I did.  Yep, no taxes for family making less than 24k.  

Why do libs oppose this tax cut?

Oh yea. Hatred
Yes..and small business owners..This is Staged BS..
Because it’s not REALLY about THE PEOPLE! It’s about $$ for the RICH folk. Nothing more nothing less.
Lafler tax plan = Kansas tax FAIL
Common sense, when economy grows, people who own business will make more money. Worth it for all!
GOP listened. As you recall it showed in the election.
Chuck, more out of context bull from you.. I'm ashamed for you.
And your farmer has gotten rich off subsidies! And even getting paid not to harvest crops to drive prices! Come Chuck you know how it works!
Because the @gop doesn’t care about farmers like Mike from #Kansas.
Farmers like Mike from #kansas voted for Trump

This is a propaganda film
Obliviously Chuck and staff don’t know anything about Kansas.
What made you vote for Callista Gingrich to be our ambassador to the Vatican? What did they promise you?
Just a shot in the dark but could it be because Mike doesn't donate thousands of dollars to @GOP ?
Stop using class divisions, You had plenty of opportunities to fix the tax code & close the loopholes and YOU DIDN'T!
Thats the dems problem. U listen to ine person whonis irrelevant. Instead of listening to the masses. 90% of America
Because he’s about as Republican as Angela Merkel.
Propaganda much, Chuckie
What a wonderfully produced piece of propaganda you created. I especially like the background music. You’ve learned a lot from nazi Germany
Let me guess, mike is a liberal hired by you? I bet a years salary I'm right. How about it chuck?
We need more information like this and it needs airtime
Propaganda like this gets plenty of airtime

Haven't you noticed?
You’re a liar that’s why #CryingChuck
This smells EXACTLY like Cruz last wk. You need comm. your true msg of working for ALL Americans. Right now you sound 2 partisan for WORDS.
Why didn't u & obama listen to these same farmers for 8yrs u ignored them like the rest of real American citizens 4 all ur illegals
They aren't interested in hearing what he has to say.. Maybe he should consider changing parties
Is anything ok
You Claim you don’t want tax cut for rich.... then why ARE YOU opposed to getting rid of NY state tax deductions.. this will raise theirs..
Umm... because the GOP doesn't care! They are only interested in tax cuts for their donors! They will be re elected anyway
This ad and it's facts are how u defeat Trump. Please effectively communicate this. Don't blow the message like Dems did with ACA.
Because the GOP is a group of ignorant, heartless, psychopathic morons. Hellooooo...
Resign Chuck  all you do is spew lies
@taxmarch everyone deserves a tax break and reform
This is what Rs have in store for us all over again! When will ppl wake up???
Mike should get a good tax cut, most farmers are quite wealthy.
Why won't you listen to the will of the people who elected @realDonaldTrump . your ideas are not what the people want.only fool's act out.
Why won’t you socialists listen to the farmers speaking out against the death tax?
b/c they are paid actors. no family farms have ever (ever) been lost or even divided by the estate tax. it's to prevent an aristocracy.
Yea and I have not met a poor farmer yet ! Besides, farmers are the biggest welfare recipients in the country. Huge subsidies, tax breaks !
Why won't democrats listen to me from cape cod?
Hey Chuck why do you not listen to your  Own Ny citizens
Playing partisan politics again chucky
Hang it up Little Chucky
Same reason you do nothing for NYers! We pay and pay and pay
@SenSchumer  why won't you listen to us? #snakeoilsalesman
Why haven't the Dems listened to the millions of people, who didn't want the leftist social programs. You didn't listen
Democrats are too quiet. You should be screaming from the mountain tops!
Why won’t you shut up?
More fake news there chuck
Someone find Joe the Plumber.
Why won’t you listen to the American people. I’m sure there are a few blond ones. I once was too.
Chuck if ever did something constructive I would fall over.
Yea. Mentioned trump a bunch
Why wont the Dems listen to an admin assistant from Detroit?
You are in NY you clown
Sorry Chuck but they have not listen to any of us why would they listen to Mike.
Because the “farmers” the @GOP listen to, work for @MonsantoCo and are trying to crush farmers like Mike.
why don't you? i know @realDonaldTrump do'es don't you Sir

Stop hiding behind social media. What are the Dem Leaders doing to stop this.  Speak up publicly.  Do not become a tweeting POTUS.
Because the GOP only cares during elections
Why didn’t that farmer listen to the facts and see the visual of what he voted for!
Yes chuckles that’s a problem when we only listen too one person then make policy cause of that one person.....
But he voted for DT right? So there he goes
Sorry bro but, why doesn't the house get off their ass? There's absolutely NO accountability or performance reviews from peers. That'd be us
How about until the Fed Gov stop wasting billions every year you stop asking for anymore money from any taxpayers. What a concept.
That same farmer is a Republican who probably voted for Trump and now he’s whining!
Tell me is this a relative of your or is a relative of jellybrand sorry I meant @SenGillibrand ur both heading towards communism sad! #MAGA
Chucky boy RETIRE, what good are you doing for anyone??
He is speaking out probably because you Democrats convinced him that he would pay more taxes which is not true.
Why does anyone listen to Democrats & Liberals is beyond me. They put out false statements or exaggerate constantly.
U know we’re getting tired of tax breaks only for the rich & ur a racist it’s all BS try working for the people ur lines r as old as u #MAGA
Chuck, please present a counter proposal!! Get some good productive headlines for Dems!
Maybe if you read the whole bill you might change your mind. As usual you fixate on one section. We are over taxed to pay for your lifestyle

Go home Chucky you worked your one hr. today
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski $1.5TrillTaxCut incl. PeopleBenefitsCut 4 #CorporateTaxCut & #DeathTaxRepeal-Plz stand 4 us!
Chuck, dry up and blow away.
Need young smart millennial s in your place. You are a rich out of touch elitist!
Let me guess paid liberal is why
Trickle down economics is only a way rich people get tax cuts it DOES NOT improve our economy.
Because their rich donors want it, screw the rest of us .
No wonder the democrats are losing the ppl that are responding to this add is in incomprehensible stupid
Because Trump sucks
Because he isn't a republican farmer...the days of democrat plants are over
They worship a defective economic policy and hate Americans!
*raises hand* “Because he really doesn’t care about anyone but himself?”
The same reason neither party listens to anyone. We are the middle class. Everybody hates us. Rich and poor. All because we are not poor.
So I ask you, senator. When will you stop your stupid bull shit? It's not just farmers. It trucking too. It's everywhere nonstop. #eldorme
Probably cause @SenDems bought him and his story & embellished it? Or maybe that farmer is a lying Democrat?
Why won't #farmers listen to us & stop growing #Monsantos #cancer causing gut distorting #GMO crops?
Because, as far as the GOP is concerned, when it comes to Kansas, what counts are Kochs, not farmers.
maybe some honest education would help you,  then again lib socialists have no ability to comprehend anything except give me I am entitled
Mr Schumer, wow one farmer that agrees with you. Great job!!!
You’re kidding me Chuck!! You mean trickle down doesn’t work?? Say it ain’t so!!
#GOP refuses to listen to farmers (or scientists) about #climatechange why would they listen to them about tax reform? GOP does not care.
What tax plan did you use that's been working so well
because they keep voting GOP.
Agree, but farmers still overwhelmingly voted for trump! A frustration I have daily!
Your tweet should  be, why won't the GOP call madman trump a despicable liar!
Chuckie .. I just figured out my takes based on LY .. I will get an extra $5,780.00 in my pocket with The @potus tax cuts..... I'm in!!!!!
1 in 1000 farmers,most all voted Trump
Hahahaha Chuckie -what the hell do you care about Midwest farmers for ?? No luck on the Russian front??? Do you even know where Kansas is?
@danbonginoknows @marklevinshow @SarahPalinUSA Tax cuts don’t work and that is a serious myth. @larry_kudlow
He should stop listening to your lies
Come on Chuck, anything you've got to say we don't believe, nor do we want to hear! It's almost happy hour, grab Nancy, go tip a few!
