I also heard wikileaks who said no Russia . Unlike u wikileaks has a proven record of truth !
That's why they want to arrest him. HE TELLS THE TRUTH.
I can say, for the record, Wiki had no influence on my vote, my mind was already make up. It was entertaining, but didn't sway my fam @ all.
Nor anyone else's. We know what Democrats want. That is socialism. Wonder what shadow gov. Promised thm
Let them go to Venezuela then but a cheeseburger for 160
People there starving. Overtaking food trucks.
Yeah so let them go get a taste of socialism
That's why they are letting in all the foreigners. Oh, what a tangled Web we weave, when we deceive.
How many ?s did they NOT ANSWER?
Comey said there is no investigation and so did Clapper.No one wonder your loosing more democrats plan on loosing more in 2018
Yes. Also heard them say no evidence point to collusion. You left that part out.
how about Susan Rices testimony oh that's right she refuses to testify
Clapper reiterated for the umpteenth time that there is no evidence of collusion btwn Russia and trump campaign. Dems have 2stop witch hunt
Chucky, your sick
Yep and still haven't seen or heard any real proof or truth .
Yet no collusion proff! Stop spending our tax dollars!
Nothing new. Investigate Obama, Hillary and their scandals

Independent Investigation
What BS.
Did u listen to Clapper? NO COLLUSION!!!!!! Don't pick and choose what u hear them say.
so where is the Trump connection, only see a DNC connection!!!!
they said none and you lied again again again
We also know about no collusion, all you do is lie chuck, Hillary was a bad candidate, none of you will admit it
Where's the evidence on the @POTUS campaign collusion.
We also heard there is no proof Trump had any part in it, or colluding with them. Just loony liberal lies as usual!
Schmuck....remember when you cried about Comey's trust & confidence when he re-opened Hillary's investigation?
There was NO interference!! Getting really tired of this stuff. Get one with what you are supposed to be doing and shut the heck up!!
Why don't you all give that Russia bs a break  Americans knows it's fake
Yeah and they hacked Clinton's server. Stop wasting our money
NO COLLUSION FOUND. Maybe OBAMA should have Flynn's clearance administratively TERMINATED.
Lmao The investigation is still on-going. Are you a Trump psychic? Or just refuse to look at FACTS?
I know the facts first hand. You are a wannabe back seat investigator. You are so far removed from reality. How long have u worked in DC?
James Flapper is a liar
Chuck - Clapper said there was NO COLLUSION BETWEEN RUSSIA & TRUMP CAMPAIGN! GET OVER THIS FALSE NARRATIVE & MOVE ON...
How long can GOP block an independent commission? With the info foreign security services have, info will come out in spite of stonewall.
That is not what they said Chuck why do you lie?
Way to many lies and what if's and maybe's Both need to be in jail
Yep and still NO EVIDENCE OF TRUMP COLLUSION.  Drop  it Senator
STILL waiting on some evidence.....geez..you guys never give up. If  there is some put it out there...
All that talk and nothing new - No connection with President Trump.
No, I heard they were illegally spying on the Trump campaign, just what you would expect from lowlife democrats.
No proof of election interference and no Collusion with Russia.. Gen.Flynn is a liar
Fun fact that Flynn got his security clearance renewed last October, but can't bring up things from the Obama administration time...
> a Doissier Report written by liberal former  British agent who said under oath cannot have hard evidence.
> and who leak to he Washington Post. Also left will not mention what was in the WikiLeaks that shows how currupt they are. But will use >
Cherry pick to fit your radical ideology. Clapper no evidence of collusion between Trump & Russia. When did obama know about the unmasking >
Breaking : spy's who been turned & bitten by the same Vampire "O" there grief & anger, guilt make them lie to hide their shame for folowing
Propaganda BS from u again chuckie Lies form the lying dog dem racist bigot party
Also heard them say there is no proof of collusion between trump and Russia. You should tell pelosi and waters. Do t think they can read.
Oh & Yates & clapper r telling the truth yeh I have beach front property inAz Flynn got security clear from obama remember oh u can't read
If you look at Sally Yates current activities, you will see  the REAL reason she would not support the president's EO. her ideology .
IF U DEMS WANT TO CONTINUE THIS CRAP START DOING IT WITH YOUR OWN MONEY!!!!!
ACCORDING TO YOU? HERES WHAT I TOOK AWAY! OUR TAX $ BEING WASTED TRYING TO FIND A TRUMP ERROR OR CONNECTION!!!!!!
Clapped said no evidence of @realDonaldTrump Russia collusion
The usual, redundant trigger words lacking any evidence whatsoever, empty rhetoric. Democrats repeat lies in order to brainwash the public.
Nothing new except what they have to say is classified. Seems that someone is guilty by using that cop out
We are now to believe Clapper? He lied to Congress regarding the NSA?  You can't truly say you believe Clapper can you, Charles?
We heard Yates abused her authority and Clapper perjured himself. The fact is Trump should have taken Obama's advice and not appointed Flynn
Pretty clear !
I listened to the whole thing. The only thing I took was they have nothing to say. Could not fully answer any questions.
Putin said ur altzheimers has flared up again
The only thing that affected the election was we all know how much of a liar Hillary was wrong candidate
Also heard Clapper say no evidence of collusion. Now on to Hillary and her Russian involvement. That investigation would include you too.
No..the readout is you are the number one Shill for the Democrat party and Yates and Clapper are lying traitors against the POTUS....
You really going to believe the lies and fake news from loser NYT
The NY Times Chuck???  Were supposed to believe what comes from that rag?   Come on man!
I heard them say there's no evidence of Trump & his team colluding with Russians. Did u hear something else? Wishful thinking doesn't count!
No evidence 
So what r u going 2do about it?! Send them 2 their room?! Come on...this has been going on since cold war according to Clappers testimony.
Keep deflecting from your own scandals, just makes you libtards look more paranoid and desperate
Don't let Racists, Treasonous  GOP & decide the fate of America......LOCK THEM UP!!!!!!
Take away the dems concocted a smear campaign look at how dems are polling now people are saying that dems message does not wash
hearings prove we need an independent investigation,and Trumps taxes! #trumpRussia #resist
They tried the same strategy with France and thankfully France was smarter.
Did you leak Flynn's name to WAPO? Do you support the leaking of names of Americans unmasked in incidental surveillance?
Yeah and Clapper said that "unclassified" isn't leaking. So that is why so much was declassified in the past few years. Obama's dirty deals!
@POTUS crooked ass @realDonaldTrump lol @maddow @JoyAnnReid @MaxineWaters @RepCummings @CharlesMBlow @Bakari_Sellers @donlemon @Lawrence lol
Chucky clapper is one of you and Obama lied friends
Senator only hears what he wants to hear, even if it's not there.  For the time, THERE IS NO EVIDENCE TO BE FOUND. THATS WHAT THEY SAID
No collusion.
yeah, no proof of anything, no collusion.  Move on to your next election loss.
When do the impeachment hearings start? 18 days he had this info. When will the GOP quit ignoring Treasonous Trump and his Russian crew?
When will you put a stop to Trump and his family using the presidency to put money in their own pockets
Give your facts about this ridiculous no-fictional statement. You must be someone of great knowledge and acces to a federal investigation.
Ok so he did if you say so. Trump had nothing to do with it....no evidence what so ever President Trump had anything to do with it
Hey Chuck AMERICANS watched this so we knw there is no evidence of collusion, but we still dnt know who leaked/unmasked. Wonder why?
In class learning DS is a degree only one that hears & understanding law arrived within religious practices. Of Law. 1986 scammers all ARDC
Sadly, your @GOP colleagues are more interested in deflecting than learning the truth about Russian influence.
@SallyQYates was incredible. The definition of grace under pressure. She was fearless and direct. I’d vote for her! #Yates2020
Fearless and direct?  More like lying and complicit
HAHAHAHA! Thanks for your comedy gold! You can go back to drinking now. Give Cruz a big wet kiss!  @SenSchumer @SallyQYates
He who laughs last, laughs best 
"There's no There There" otherwise Flynn or Carter Page would have been jailed or fine 
Just Democrats sword rattling at the heavens 
Yes. We also heard NO Russia/Trump connection. Apology coming from the left?
All they can apologize for is being idiots an traitors....
And no way Pence did not know. Who is going to step and protect our country and all people from this horrible, insane maniac.
Is it time for Constituents to ask their Congressmen if their funded by foreign Lobbyist?
Why don't you guys focus on the Trump kids?
