2, @chuckschumer Somewhere in #America someone on #ObamaCare can't afford to eat & someone #DIES every day by FORCE of #Democrats LAW! #MAGA
I couldn't get insurance before the ACA and it must be saved.
The Dems need to propose changes! Don't just talk, get something done!
The Cold Within The @GOP's heart
Why did u have 50 democrats in front of this billboard. The egagement of us Democrats is pathetic.Bernie should carry the flag 4 this party
Wasting alot of money on your boards. WORK or get out of office.
You're a predictable hack, obstructionist. All tired of you, your voice, your face, lack of going forward #Schumer
When do u ever care about someone other than ur self, u love Obamacare. It works if u don't. So it makes lots of sense u love Obamacare.
It's not a bill, it a cull
House bill "Mean"; Senate bill "Meaner".  Compromise bill "Meanest"
Dems believe the whole world and everybody in it (except for them) is MEAN; some even say everybody who doesn't agree w/ them should DIE!
stop acting like idiots. Work to get a new health bill passed if U care about Americans.
You Chuck heard incorrectly. Deaf? He said "LEANER" not "meaner". Have another Dumbocrat drink. Vodka with a touch of Swamp Water. A hoot.
I've been seeing your stupid poster all over the place! You must get a special discount with VistaPrint!
You can't spell Schumer without the letters SCUM!
HEY CHUCK!!!  Remember upstate NY?  Yup, we're still here supporting your NYC voters,  Cut the shit and do your job.
Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republican Bill "killing people."
Doesn't he have a new movie to make? His last was curse of Chucky
I'm cannot find adequate words to describe my outrage at Trump and Rs over constant lies, destruction of our way of life. Who are these ppl?
Hehehe crying chuck.
Yuckie Chuckie.  Where is your solution?
The sad truth is that many of 35% club will be hurt by this nonsense.  Fix Problems we have with the current system.
what are you going to do about it?
Tired of your B S see BN if can interrupt that one .
IT'S NOT HEALTH CARE! IT'S HEALTH INSURANCE!!!
i would bet you haven't even read it,you just pull out a few talking points-at least we don't have to pass it to find out whats in it
Hypocrite, the Democrat Obamacare Bill was devastating to people. Unfordable and has no health care in it at all.
If I like my doctor can I keep my doctor?  That mean?
$15,000 deductibles, 300% increase in premiums & not being able to find a Dr. who will take your plan. That's your O-Care. Talk about "Mean"
exactly
The Senate's "Better Care Act" is even WORSE than the House bill https://tonic.vice.com/en_us/article/better-care-act-senate-health-care-bill-is-still-mean … via @dailytonic #healthcarebill
Get the government out of health care entirely. S/B like auto insurance or life insurance in free market
Thank YOu
.@SenSchumer #obamacare to not sustainable. What do you recommend that won't raise taxes or have a mandate?
@SenateGOP
Dems, NOW is the time for you to become engaged. Stop obstruction.
We want Single Payer!! Democrats need to get off the Corporate Tit and start fighting for poor and working families of this country!!
Couldn't come up with anything else to call it. They were mean to start this mess with their OCARE
If you hate poor people and old people then this is the bill for you!
When is your house going to get in order? Sorry to nag but it's a matter of life or death to some and @DNC fails despite the high stakes.
Meaner like chucky
What a stupid tweet!
I'm glad to see Schumer agreeing with Trump on 1 thing. Democrats and Trump and GOP must come together to make a better Health bill.
Chuck it wouldn't matter if it was free and gold plated you side wouldn't vote for it out of spite anyway!
Jerk
My name is Chuck. I'm 4 years old and just learned to spell. I added er to mean and spelled meaner. Hooked on phonics worked for me.
Hey Chuck, the new Health care bill will be a lot better than your Obama care. I'm paying for the insurance, U don't.
It doesn't matter if it was the best ever, you still be against it! @SenateGOP
GROW UP Chuck!! @SenateGOP
Where is the "Meanest" sign, Mr. Schumer? You have been nothing BUT MEAN since Jan. 20. What a hypocrite you are!
The bill is soft. It does not make any of the necessary cuts. Unfortunately the Republican senate is softer than the Democrats. No real cuts


More lies from obstructionist democrats
Yeah, but Trump was celebrating it in the Rose Garden not long ago. I'm not buying his "mean" comments now.
Do u own a mirror? Do u have the ability to take a step back and self assess?  The emperor has not chothing rings true for u!
and what was obamacare? a plan that destroyed our entire healthcare system so stay out of my healthcare
I love it, Chuck! Great words. I forecast 'meaniest' is coming from you soon.
Cry in Schumer no to everything
you the meanest and biggest liar.
It's great! So much better than Obamacare!
Trump, of course, meant to say it was a "mean lean American carnage machine." AHCA: American Health Carnage Act.
They don't care about Americans! They're cold blooded and want us to die.
How low can a american senator go Ask schumer
None of this crap legislation does anything to control or reduce healthcare costs because of out of control spending by health care industry
bull tiki-it is good and it saves you and ole BO
Mean = Shite. GOP plan is shite. No other way to say it !
Mean is average. Freedom of choice is better.
We also need Another Word besides  "Mean" Still Sounds Nice! #Inhumane #UnAmerican #Dicks is what th @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump R
What's MEAN is obstruction.  Take some more meds and call your prostitute.
Wheres your healthcare bill Chuck Show us all something better You cant you have nothing Save yourself the embarrassment resign voting u out
So ur plan is a big cardboard sign,,,,even sanders has more then that
You forgot the tears
You haven't had time to read it.more spewing BS Chuckie
Lmao!! Crying chuck!! Wow I thank god I voted republican first time!! Geez these Dems just push me more and more away with all this crying
Why isn't the public seeing the bill?? Must be really bad#
his "mean" was not based on this discussion draft, stop spouting off and start discussing @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
@Appsame
#Unhinged @ChucksShumer Says #HealthcareBill Meaner!Hid  #Obamacare #$cam MEANEST of ALL! Written to Fail, As He Left Office!
#MAGA
Crying Chuck!#weasel
Quit the parent is losing their child because of opioids.NO Healthcare is going to stop a drug addict. We should bankrupt mil for an addict
Senator, your Obamacare was no big deal either.  In fact is was a tax loaded costly program that hurt more ppl than it helped.  A disaster
1000 AMENDMENTS STRAIGHT TO SENATE TO PROCESS AND VOTE ON.
6, @chuckschumer How much money was #STOLEN from #TAX #PAYERS & went to #INSURANCE #Companies by #FORCE of YOUR #ObamaCare LAW? #LIAR! #MAGA
SENATOR  TELL US EXACTLY WHAT YOU DONT LIKE ABOUT THIS BILL(ALL) OF IT COMPARED TO OBAMACAREALL I HEAR IS WORDS OF A CHILD SAYING WORDS
Pushing fear, terror, anxiety on Americans b-4 reading a bill Shameless propagandist, certainly not a grown up - disgusting show undignified
Read the bill first Cryin' Chuck #cryingchuck
No it is profoundly immoral and malevolent.
Holy Sh!* Chuck U had a Tweet blown up to show off to LEFT? WOW How much did that set back the Dem party?
Your Party is so Funny.  HeeHee 
What gets me is with you and Pelosi leading Dems,u lost house,senate,31 states,900 seats,WH,&4 emergency elections. None calling 4 ur head.
You get Obamacare then and all your buddy dems.. Your getting rich off it!!!
The only way frenzied Trump supporters would realise what hit them is when Trumpcare hits them.
U R more concerned w F ing reps than fixing a problem and u put party affiliation before doing what's best for the country
Elite & Hollywood rich r your buddies. The rest of us are barely making it. Talk to your friends - you're not getting one more dime from us.
Well Chuck you didn't try to give any input!  You couldn't even draft up your own Dem. version
HELLLL YEAH!!!! MAGA 
Pedophiles are the scum of the earth.  Many Don't just rape children, but murder them, too.  What do people like that deserve, Chuck?
Mr. Schumer you are an obstructionist. Why not pitch in and help? We're all Americans. Sad.
Instead of bitching about it - what can you add to improve it. Our govt needs a purging because you all have been there far too long
Do you or your party ever have anything positive to contribute other then complaining? Asking for a friend
But you approve of Obamacare you hypocrite. It's a disaster! You have no credibility!
Good try chuck cuz its pretty much still obomacare
And they have no cover.They can't blame a radical wing of their party for making the bill mean. It's all them. #GOPcare #TaxBreaks4TheRich
Roughly half of the country doesn't pay income taxes. Any broad tax relief is therefore 'tax cuts for the rich.' #FakeNews
@SenSchumer B4Obamacare our Co. provided top notch insurance 4 All employees. After Obamacare couldn't afford 4 anyone! Talk on that!!!!!!!!
4, @chuckschumer Ted Kennedy had the BEST Government Paid Healthcare! #SteveJobs spent $100 MILLION & yet both still DIED! #ObamaCare KILLS!
Jobs refused to follow recommendations. His choice, but true.
Couldn't you have waited a few hours and pretended to read it first? It was just released. You didn't even read it.
Had his props ready to go smh #pos
3, @chuckschumer Everyday Somewhere in #America a Millionaire & a Billionaire DIES with the Best Healthcare Money can BUY! MEAN? #WTF? #MAGA
Soooo, the person who has left American healthcare in catastrophic ruins has legitimacy to comment on healthcare??!! Me thinks NOT! 
#MAGA
Legislate Disgorgement for Toni Townes whitley
#gopfinalsolution
You haven't read it Chuck
Stomp that damn filthy bill, Senator.
If there is a Saviour like Jesus around...We need him now.
Senator, how in the world can you make these comments without reading th bill?  Is that why the Dems are losibg?
Ur fantasy & melodramatic lies this morning are beneath despicable, totally pathetic. We pay sky high premiums and can't access care ! Sick
GOP should do nothing. Let the Democrat engineered ObamaCare fail completely. Then we'll see who's to blame for swindling Americans.
1, @chuckschumer Please tell #America ALL the #Good things in #OBAMACARE! What is good for #Americans? Why is it SO #Expensive? #MAGA
Did Soros write this tweet. Kinda lame. Low energy. Kinda like your party. @MikeManderfeen @DonJohnsonthe2
Why don't the @SenateDemocrats draft THEIR OWN BILL that fix the problems with ACA?!?  You need to provide a solution that reps us!!!
Why not get your hands dirty and start working to make the bill better. You sure seem to know what the issues are so work to fix them.
Can't be worse than what you and Pelosi signed into law without reading it
cry us a river chucky! Cutting back on free stuff Great for America! Dems voting base needs to work for a livin!
Why are peaceful protesters being forcibly removed from the Capitol? This is an outrage. We STILL have a Constitution, you know.
your the prime example of what's wrong with America!
It's nicer than OBamaCare. @SenSchumer misleading the masses again. #Resign
Obamacare saved my life. Trumpcare will possibly kill me.
Thank you for standing up to McConnell, and fighting for us!
If they pass this, myself and millions will die. And I am going to haunt the f*ck out of @SenateMajLdr and his wife from beyond the grave.
You're the mean one for passing the crappy one that people have now. Stop crying. Worse then a little girl.
“cold” would be a more apt description. it’s like solving world hunger by letting people starve.
Republicans may trash up their lives but we can't let them trash up ours!
Senate healthcare bill is no good.  Vote no.  @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
It was merely a Freudian slip of the tongue.
Nothing meaner than ObamaCare
