#SethRichCoverUp #SethRichMurder
Yawn get lost bot!
Not a bot #fakenewsmedia
Everyone is a bot to libs!!!I too was a bot earlier. #sethrich #dncleaks
Stick a fork in him - he's done! 
Then Comey is going to prison, he didn't report it if was something illegal. Get story correct
Another bot with 5 followers - hope they're paying you well troll #sad
People on this thread talking about Seth Rich when the man's family just released a statement to stop...smh
Bot
They're coming out ruthless today...wonder why 
Yea did something bigly bad happen?
. I think so and then someone with small hands tweeted about it this morning
Is this the massive CoverUP...make No-MIstake we are on it...many will go to JAIL@cnn @abc @nbc @nytimes @HuffingtonPost @MSNBC @maddow
Don't forget to talk about ur crooked    friend hillary
Wow, lets talk about all the things Dems have done. Clinton ring a bell?
All talk and no evidence. 
Try getting you sorry A$$ to work you Bum!
Right On Jacob...they have No-Spine & LIES is their way of LIFE...no wonder RATS is in their name...DemocRATS!
ANYONE LISTENING TO U SHOULD CHANGE THEIR CAREERS R OVER. U THINK UR PLAN TO DESTROY TRUMP GOING TO WORK.  DIDN'T WORK LAST TIME NOT THIS 
What if the transcript is altered to cover up what was said?
Thank God (R) don't murder staff members like DNC did over leaks to WikiLeaks  Americans want Seth Rich's murder INVESTIGATED
you've been duped, dottie.
Hey Schumer if you had half the balls the President has you might actually be a real man!
Is this the new B's
More #fakenews from senators that will probably end up hanging for treason. Attempted coups are treason chucky.
You want to bring down Trump on every possible notion of leaks and yet unwilling to indict HIllary Clinton on known criminal activity.
If you Democrats spent half of the time trying to pass good legislation instead of trying to trip up Trump, a lot of things could get done.
Keep it up Chuckles. You are going to see an uprising like no other if anything happens to our President!!
Noone is asking if he went through the legal process of declassification before he spoke, if at all.
Illegal alien teens arrested for kidnapping of county attorney from his home

We, the informed ppl of this Republic Declare the POTUS has the authority 2 disclose ClassInfo. Stop the BS!
@SenateDems @SenSchumer @POTUS
let me see, don't we and the Russians have a common goal to stop terrorism? So doesn't it make sense to share info that might stop it?
WRONG
Chuck you going to talk about Seth Rich and the DNC. Is there going to be an investigation onHRC-Podesta-Wasserman Schultz-Brazile-Rice??
WAPO reporter with anonymous source vs Gen McMaster national security advisor. Who speaks the authoritative truth?
Schumer is a sick, little liberal doing nothing for the American people, why would we pay this clown to tweet?
A special prosecutor will tie this investigation up for way too long. Both sides need to come together now for impeachment. Shorter time...
Ain't gonna happen snowflake!!!
HOW MANY WHITE HOUSE OFFICIALS HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT DID NOT HAPPEN BEFORE YOU UNDERSTAND? OH THAT'S RIGHT NO NUMBER EVER!! CRYBABY!
ALL CAPS MEANS YOU'RE RIGHT
Thank you.
Chuck u/Dems need 2 get ur facts straight. U/Dems try 2 make something big on things that r legit. U/Dems protected corrupt obama admin
Stop talking and do something.
And now we know he didn't and that even if he had he has the LEGAL RIGHT to do so. Where is your follow up apology?
@NPR When will ponzi scheme career criminal FRN rep @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi defend @NAACP against @jeffsessions?
Senate democrats are a bunch of elite puke prices in my eyes.chicken shits.
DNC is destroying more then themselves, They are becoming the resistance to our way of life. They are becoming a terrorist group inside USA.
He is your President, he has right, praying that your little games are put away!
You mean Hillary's emails?
Well u guys are talking to urselfs cause nobody listening
OBAMA FORCED U.S. TO SHARE INTELLIGENCE WITH CASTRO'S REGIME IN CUBA! @maddow @AC360 @GStephanopoulos @donlemon 
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://thefederalist.com/2017/05/16/obama-ordered-u-s-intelligence-community-share-intel-cuba/&ved=0ahUKEwiNh76F6vXTAhVV0WMKHUg_D8MQqOcBCB8wAA&usg=AFQjCNEz5YX2pEECczBEngVqnHHUjczGAg&sig2=Qn7HW1zNxTq9xHto9DIHUg …
Tha alt left communist democrat party that is destroying our Country with your hate , division and obstruction!
are we still supposed to say alleged if 45 straight up admitted to doing it?
Nothing classified senator criminal leaks have made our country very unsafe thanx to Democrats Senator do something now
Alleged.... See the problem? Wasting time on conspiracy theories and hate. Stop it and get to work. Or retire so u can hate full time.
Meanwhile our staffers are in the back office working with the Russian to overthrow the US government.
You need to do some real work. You are there to serve the  ppl not your own political interests you ! #TermLimits #draintheswamp
Trump got you all running scared&you'll throw anything out there to derail him. @POTUS is a genius.To much corruption 4 to many years. #MAGA
Oh no thanks. Fake news from a fake senator
Ahh.... Wasn't Hillary in TROUBLE for handling CLASSIFIED INFO INCORRECTLY?...
There is n such thing.  It is a presidential privilege to share & declassify.  You idiots are making a mockery of our gov and ou President.
Wake up Schumer, you're hurting the Democratic Party! it wasn't the Russians, it was DNC insider Seth Rich that leaked Podesta emails!
There is no "alleged"  he admitted it on Twitter. #impeach45
Trust you as far as I could throw you! Schumer said they would get back at Trump!
Are tinfoil hats prohibited by senate dress codes?  Honestly, you people should be wearing them 24/7
CS you are a joke. And everyone knows it. You will eat your words. People are sad
You have already been told and retold that this did not happen. What does it take for you to feel shame? You have none do you! SICK EVIL!
Democrats leading us into war by blaming Russians and trying your best to discredit our President, time to investigate entire Obama admin.

Hey slug great Americans and history is watching you, #MSM and @TheDemocrats become American fossils.
HR McMaster  is a honest man unlike all you sleezy Lying DemocRats. Your/MSM never ending  anti-Trump Lies are backfiring on blue dog Dems
@SenSchumer @POTUS where was ur concern when Hillary put State Dept secrets all over internet?!
Schumer mentions "rule of law".   Comical after the last eight years.  
In the last two weeks , nyt published 3 bs stories , let comey testify under oath .
You are all such liars, no intelligence or ethics. No one believes you at all. There's not one iota of evidence and you all know it.
When will you and the Dems stop playing games with peoples lives for personal gain?
@SenSchumer @POTUS I think it's time for the South rise again and plant motherfuckers in the ground
Now after the fake Israel thing , now comey story form nyt , this will backfire on you big time .
Yes History is watching the most disgusting horror of your party's treason against our President in which the only words you speak are LIES!
Chucky go retire. The drama is why you guys lost.
.@SenateDems--> #STFU it's criminal what happened to #SethRich  @POTUS #smh
You are trash
The President determines what is released. Case close. #NeedToKnowBasis sch you do not need to know.
You did it Dems causing all this bs and msm and wp and those comediennes pathetic
Lol  sch such a joker
Time reopen case in Hillary's emails and add a murder investigation.
I used to be a Democrat but I am a Republican now because I am ashamed of this party because of people like you Schumer!!!
I don't know what happend to the Dem Party, they have seemed to lost their minds. Did not use to be like this.
You are not live most of u and for sure Schumer are brain dead

Funny now the Israelis stated they have total confidence in trump and intelligence sharing . Your looking stupid by minute
I want you to give me a transcript of every meeting you have undertaken with lobbyists
Can you folks take a breather from Russia & Comey and get on with the people's business?
Goes something like this, deerrrrrrr Russia derrrrrr um derrrrrr Russia derrrrrrrrr
Too bad you didn't have oversight over obama and Iran deal , didn't he cut funding for NYC because you weren't a team player .
According to McMaster Russia could have gotten that info from watching the news .
Now a general has stated trumo did nothing wrong onky disclosed what out in the news , Erin Burnett disclosed more info
Your a dope along with your minions the presidents is the one with authority to release info . Plus thanks to Obama executive privilege
Crying Chuck, your a partisan hack, who doesn't have US security interests at heart.  To hold the FBI head position hostage is irresponsible
Talk, talk, talk - any facts on collusion, I DON'T KNOW. What's the classified info Trump disclosed to the Russians? I DON'T KNOW? Funny 
Please keep fighting for special prosecutor. We need this to happen. Where's the good GOP?
YEA HILLARY CLINTON SOLD URANIUM TO THE RUSSIANS SO THEY COULD MAKE BOMBS TO KILL AMERICANS
The only people worried are the LIBTARDS---President Trump has not done anything, unlike you have done any harm to the US
@wtfdoicare33 @POTUS They need to make good on what they say now and not just blow air
Try talk about the Crimes committed by Hillary Clinton and the fact that the Obama Admin, the Lawless AG Lynch and Comey were covering 4 her
Y don't u just get him the hell out of there. He is an embarrassment and now has endangered lives
Why?  U alleged?  Why did u not give this much coverage to Hillary and her e mails. This is why I r loosing credibility.
Impeach Trump now and restore our Republic
What was shared? Has anyone asked #PONTUS?
Let's put the leakers in prison. They are the ones who are guilty.
What you need to be discussing is WHO LEAKED info that @CNNPolitics
seems to have more knowledge of that Gen. McMaster & @POTUS.
Once the WH lost credibility & trust -they lost everything! GOP needs to see that he is a liability!
If they try to pass off an edited transcript as real, that is a crime. Right?
What will @SenSchumer @SenateDems do when you push the American people past the flash point !! not using you're heads. #startworking #or #go
I'm fed up with your party. Put up or shut up!
You democrats have literally lost your minds , your worse then 2 year old brats , and I am betting you guys lose more seats in next election
Obama "sharing" intel with Russia = good while Trump "revealing" intel to Russia = bad #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
Only problem is he didnt do that, so U are AGAIN spreading fake news. McMaster told the press this AGAIN today. #FAKENEWS
There is nothing alleged about it. He did it.
All you right wingers are like a pack of wild dogs attack at every thing that moves like the fake news you react to
Its not alleged anymore, he admitted in his tweets he shared info.
u people r about to be so surprised.
SETH RICH! Maybe your probe will find out what happen to him! Ummmm
The only problem is you are smart enough to quit lying
Stop your social lies. We see through it and getting really tired of the democratic s wasting time and money.
They should hang the white house leaker, for treason don't you think?
I thought that too.
More tears?
@SenSchumer shame on u & the Dems. What u all are doing to Potus is embarrassing & obstructive. I will never vote Dem again.

Not alleged. Fact! Confirmed straight from the horse's mouth.
Can you people do anything positive for the country or do you all just stare at the President and wait for him to stumble then point?
Bullshit... There is nothing wrong with what the President did.  Elites right and left are working together to discredit him.
Since it's a lie you can stop now!!
Get an #IndependentInvestigation & #SpecialProsecutor & get the impeachment going! Whats everyone waiting for? for him to destroy us?!!
Not every issue should be a partisan issue
So, you all would rather a planeload of #Russians die at the hands of #ISIS than support #POTUS. How about a planeload of anybody? #FOOLS
It doesn't matter since the GOP has blinders, ear & mouth plugs. Imagine E Murphy and Jeffrey in BH Cop. There's the GOP & Dems in congress.
So tired of nothing being done about the GOP coup in DC!
Go Sen Schumer! Go! @GOPLeader @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateDems @SenateGOP  @washingtonpost  @SenWarren
@SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi
Another fake story by the libs
Finding the truth is not a partisan issue- Chuck Schumer
They should cane Crying Chuck on the White House lawn, bet he would give up the DIMM leakers in seconds!
Dude the leaker is potus
You mean you are LIARS? Key word "alleged". All you got is smearing. You are failing Americans. #SEDITION
The Russians, the Russians, everything is the Russians! TELL me though WHO is LEAKING all this information from the Whitehouse to start with
u guys are like donkeys chasing the carrot...different one every day....before u know it, u lost the mid terms...
Gee schukie you didn't give 2 shits that hilliar and uma actually did let national secrets out#FUCKING HYPOCRITES
.@SenateDems @POTUS
Chuck read the law he's allowed to if he wants. What part can't you understand?
WHO is responsible for the leak?
@SenSchumer Why are you silent on the reports from anonymous sources that you had sex with a chicken in college? What are you hiding?
RESIST RATICLE DEMOCRATS VOTE ALL OF THE LEFT WING LOONS OUT DRAIN THE SWAMP OF ALL THE CORRUPT POLITICIANS
The president is a classifying authority he can do whatever he wants with that info.


Who out of your party is leaking information. We know S Rich was exposing illegal activity. Who is in the IC that you have leaking info?
Trump is committing TREASON and needs to be put in PRISON before he DESTROYS US ALL! #ITMFA #TheResistance
Love how democrats talk about constution then they always want to ban 2nd amendment dems are communists
Chuck schumer is a discrase to the senate president trump should lock him up in gitmo as a terrorist to constution esp chuck war on 2 ammend
How is it "alleged"?  He admitted it ...
Real news seth rich was dnc leaker proof he shared document's with wikileaks and clintons had him murdered like vince foster
It is nothing more than allegations.  WAPO leaked information that an apparent mole in the CIA or DOJ gave them. You need to find source.
I get that you want to win in 2018 but to only criticize the WH in the next two years and not do any work, won't give you my vote.
@SenSchumer @POTUS stop talking about Russia and fix your corrupt party
Exactly @SenSchumer ... he can disclose what he wants, and when he wants!  You all are being played like a drum and you will soon find out!
"Don't go confusing Right as in not be tried for treason with RIGHT as in done with intent to further a strategy against the enemy. "
ALLEGED key word here!!! How do you democrats call yourself leaders?? HE WON!!! Get over it we are tired of your games.
