Trumps gonna destroy DACA because he knows how important this is to the as he quotes  "ALT LEFT Groups
He's going to end it because it's illegal and it will protect his citizens while freeing up hundreds of thousands of jobs, affordable housing, and spaces in schools and higher education.
DACA has nothing to do with the fears you have. if you understood the fundamentals about it you wouldn't have portrayed such a typical ignorant trump supporter view
How many of the hundreds of arrested MS-13 gang members are DACA, Daizy?
We're not afraid, we're angry.
& ignorantly misinformed
About what?
You answered your own ignorance trump was right the poorly uneducated folks he likes to boost about is definitely you 
Tell me what I am misinformed about. One specific thing.
Thank You for fighting this fight. As a fellow New Yorker, I am proud to call you my Senator.
You and all 14 of your friends.
Aw, you think "followers" are friends. That's cute. Lonely and pathetic, but cute.
How am I lonely and pathetic? 
Enoy the sanctuary city crackdown that's coming to your beloved NY officials.
You weigh the weight of a response by the # of followers the person has? Sad. Some of us have lives outside of Twitter. And I'll enjoy NY, as I always have thanks!!
Liar
What's wrong with legal immigration? I am the son of a legal immigrant. Was my dad not a dreamer because his parents followed the law?
And MS13 gang bangers! They have feelings too!

Defund sanctuary cities and get these illegals out
What about #KateSteinle ? You are helping build #KatesWall
He is going nowhere, but this hags days a limited...
Trump's racism wants them out behind a wall.
Trump's job is National Security and protecting his citizens. Illegal aliens need to go.
Horrible judgement posting this incredibly false notion on the day the illegal alien who killed #KateSteinle got off scot-free, Chuck. 
You're a disgrace to your country. #EndDACA #NoSanctuaryCities
Too bad you don't see American citizen children  as dreamers ..  But what do you expect , if illegals were turning republican chuck would be down at the border building that wall 50 feet higher , yesterday.

Kate will never get the chance no will she? You got Blood on your hands all these dam illegal immigrants and DACA need to go
You Dems are sick SOB!
Tell you what chucky,  when u start protecting Americans I’ll consider others
As a 40 year registered GOP & Trump supporter-I am breaking w/ him on this issue..keep DACA and don't deny these contributing dreamers
Chuck DACA is gone. A new immigration bill is coming. Go sweep some streets if you have nothing to do.
https://i.imgflip.com/1imj6o.jpg 
Your DACA dreamers murder innocent dreamers so NO! BUILD THE DAMN WALL !!!!
So much hatred! You'd think most of you were not descendants of immigrants.
ILLEGAL. BROKE LAW. GO HOME NOW.
Future murderers, rapists, burglars and the dregs of our nation. Only some of course but not all are engineers, soldiers & teachers #maga
Statistics cite mainly construction, day laborers, cashiers, housekeepers, and child carers - all replaceable with legal citizens.
Sorry pal, I stand with Our American Dreamers. Whose land and opportunity you are destroying. My Children, My Neighbors Children COME FIRST!
No one is stopping your neighbor's kids from going to college.  Many 'Dreamers' are working hard to pay their way & contribute to the US.
Save the children.
The constant appeals to emotion on behalf of criminals is so tiresome.
I am a teacher and the thought that I may have to face my new 2nd grade students and discuss the recent racist acts is sorrowful. #trumpKKK
"See, children...we have these very important rules for the security and safety of a country, called LAWS..."
Then they should have obeyed our laws, waited their time, paid their $, not cut in line, which is & was unfair to the rest who did !!!!
BS. Every American that wants to succeed is our future not just the wants you want to vote Democrat. This BS will kill the Democrats. Good
Yes, Chuck. Let's give ALL #Dreamers "a chance to better our nation". Start with dreamers in the womb. #DefendHUMANS
In my home town,most Dreamers of age to work dont, see most laying under a shade tree during day, just taking GOV handouts=My money
Dreamers are the ones who listen to liars like you! They need to wake up....
So are the citizens you're supposed to represent snake
And ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS, too. Don't leave off THAT fact, Chuck! AMERICAN CITIZENS are the future of our Nation, not illegals. FOLLOW THE LAW!
Anything for votes Chuck. U need to support our citizens. If the deramers are so skilled, let them go back to their own countries and help!
Let's deport Chuck Schumer. He's not doing our country any good!
Have they gotten their citizenship papers? Are they legally citizens of the USA?
Thats fine if they want to become citizens of the United States of America and abide by our laws.
I wonder if he gets the idea yet, Its highly doubt
Then how'd we get so many gangs consisting of DACA Dreamers???
you have no loyalty to citizens for jobs
How about kids who are legal ? #Fairness4Legals  https://twitter.com/david_j_bier/status/898182301502377984 … @SIIA_US @David_J_Bier @sendavidperdue
Maybe you need to focus on the young Americans who have no jobs.  Maybe help our own citizen first
Yeah. Let's only enforce some laws! That'll work.
Change the drop baby law and design a way for them to become legal by going through immigrating legally in less then 5 yrs.
The future of our nation would be better served by these dreamers then by you obstructionist ANTIFA leftwing democrats. You're all PATHETIC
You have a lot of blood on your hands from all of your Dreamer. Drug lords, murders and MS13 Boys. #removeDACA
No problem.  The line forms at the US consulate in their native country!  Fill out the forms and be evaluated.
If this is the case, then why do large numbers need government handouts???
Dreamers are criminals who are mooching off of the american people. They should be deported, not rewarded for breaking the law.
Give them the chance to make their home countries better. Deport ALL illegals. #nodaca
DACA was a reward to illegals to vote for his party while he deported millions at the same time. So from now on no more favors.
DACA will die on Sep 5th in court. Now those who hate @POTUS are asking for his support, HELL NO.
One things for sure they are smarter than you.
You mean probably protest
Specially soldiers, they're we'll programmed fearless Corp.
These are the babies you murder through abortion?!?
The overwhelming majority are cutting grass, not spicing periodic tables.
What happened to teaching our children to respect law and order? You're encouraging BREAKING laws then we'll have spoiled adults
Where are my children's dreams? Who is defending my American born  children.? Where is their chance?
Probably the only time I would agree with a statement from you....However, ensure these #Dreamers are not criminals.
No
No DACA
No DAPA
Deport illegals
.
& whn they r gang members,thieves,rapists gt rid them.Ur job is t represent all Ur constituents not a few & protect USA That was oath U took
just another communist arm of the Democratic party, free stuff of your loyalty, didn't work with the blacks, so import them???
Then they can become US CITIZENS LEGALLY otherwise, send them back with their illegal parents
Laws are not suggestions. Build the wall deport all illegals. American families before immigrants. America First!
Why is that so hard for you to understand Schumer. They broke the law. If we do we go to jail. Why not them? Double standard.
Dreamers are illegals
I guess in your eyes real Americans have nothing to do with our future.
The Dems had a super majority in Congress during @BarackObama's first term & you did nothing. #zerocredibility
Democrats have morphed into the party of illegals, criminals, and noncitizens. You have BETRAYED American citizens and workers.
Deport all of them.......Everyone of them....
If this congress that means U do not start working instead of all the crap your doing. We will work & send money to all states to get u out
IT'S THE DEMOCROOK DISEASE, RUUUUUUUUN!
What percentage of dreamers fall in those professions Chuck?  Any facts behind your BS?
Shouldn't the best from other nations be encouraged to stay and build and improve their own countries? Or, do we steal the best from them?
and they are lawbreakers and illegal!
DACA is temporary because it is an executive order. Why don't you do the right thing and legislate. U abandoned your role as a legislator
And the homeless Vets in this country were at one time admired. Take care of them FIRST! STOP you dam pandering. Move the illegals in with U
All are illegal aliens!
Since when do illegal aliens get a free education, free medicine, and free transportation on the backs of hard working Americans.
Why don't you propose & pass a law to legalize Dreamers? Otherwise they're still illegal.
Well they aren't citizens of America.I hate that you turned your back on the problem for the years you 2 have been there.Your such a divider
So let's forget Katie  right Chuckie?
How about for every illegal alien that gets to stay, one liberal like Chuck U must go.
That's right Chuck U, everyone first but Americans.
Why do you defend breaking the laws of this country?
It needs to go through the legislative process. It's probably unconstitutional.
Keep speaking up @SenSchumer . We hear u .
That's great. While the American people live paycheck to paycheck and still can't make it. Give them everything free. Just disgusting
#Dreamer ars criminals, because their here illegally, plain and simple!

Sisters waited 14 yrs,9/11 happened petition put on hold.We still did things LEGALLY,respecting laws of US,rights of others on list too.
what about the american kids dream huh? what about them chucky, they are the slaves now right chucky. slaves to your taxes and laws.
No, thanks.
They are freeloaders
I am an American citizen and my dreamers deserve incentives and jobs before illegal aliens do! Guess you have to think of your base though!
Call for impeachment of this president.  Can this administration get worse?  I hope not.  America is fatigued!
Chuck, how about Americans with dreams being destroyed by these illegal aliens. Do you care about them.
Chuckle, your obligation is to American citizens, period. Illegals should be lower than last on your list.What about the poor in upstate NY?
Put it up for a vote chuck.
See what happens
How about this for every illegal alien brought in a crooked senator must go live in the country from which they came. Good riddance Chucky
Illegal aliens are the future of our nation?Thats what you're saying to Americans in this country? #demexit #legalimmigration #followthelaw
If they come legally, I have no issue. Come back legally and you can be an engineer or teacher. Not before!
Lets do. Cause Lord knows you and your cohorts sure arent doing anything to "better our nation". Maybe the Dreamers should be in congress.
The dreamers can go back, make their home countries better.
I've grown accustomed to your general benighted nature but, your gross ignorance on #Dreamers astounds me.
@realDonaldTrump
#EndDACA #MAGA
I'm for the Dreamers whose parents pay all the taxes.
They're also drug dealers, rapists, drunk drivers, pedophiles & other miscreant criminal scumbags.
They've gotta go!
@realDonaldTrump
#MAGA
Can you say anything just once on a tweet that does not include race gender or racism . Like maybe say something about wasted time n $$$$
You insult those who came and did it the legal way.  American citizens are dreamers too.
Today's news conference in NY deserve a democratic response
Too bad you don't defend the struggling American middle class as much & you defend illegals,  BLM and ANTIFA hate groups.
They are here illegally, period!
#Dreamers are MS13, arrogant illegals who expect a handout, criminals who have no love or respect for the USA.
$21,000,000,000,000 in debt - history will not be kind to you
No thanks Chucky I'll sleep better when #DACA is gone along with #ObamaCare
A #Dreamer murdered a Muslim teenager in Maryland with a baseball bat. Her blood is on your hands.
And criminals
You going to cry for us now chuck ?
You criticize Russia constantly. But you don't have the guts 2 address the miss management of funds of the Mexican gov.people deserve better
How about you start putting pressure on Mexico and Central America to treat their people better so they're not flocking 2 the American dream
Send them all back to their own countries.
"Better OUR Nation",  that's right, it is OUR nation not theirs, make it better by enforcing the laws. You are Not above the LAW Chuckie
They are also democrat voters, which is the real reason you love them Chuckie. If they voted republican you'd build the wall yourself.
Translation we're sinking fast and need more illegal aliens to vote for us again 
Can't the engineers, soldiers, teachers & the future of our nation come in legally like million have before them? Yes, they have!
For every Dreamer that gets into a college or university means  that the son or daughter of a US citizen get left out. Limited enrollment.
Why not focus on the Americans that have nothing and want to know where their meal is coming from. Give them a chance to better their lives.
Let's not...
Lets do this legally. Your people that already live here are hurting dying and going broke BC you want votes.
These people are illegal immigrants & are entitled to nothing. They deserve nothing & should be deported.They are not the future of America
Let's enforce our immigration laws instead.
You could benefit our nation by stepping down  Chuck.
That may be true for some dreamers, not all. Some have been here a long time, refused to assimilate and won't work.  What about those?
Dreamers R not legal resident/ citizens and are not eligible to be soldiers. You may try learning about government. Ur stupid is showing
#DEPORT Schumer
You've flipped flopped your policies from the beginning - you're worthless but remember this next election : TERM LIMITS
They r illegals send them packing! Enforce our laws or step down
You washed up retire.
No! They are illegal. Let's have them come into our country LEGALLY CHUCK!! 
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION 
NO! THEY ARE ILLEGALS! 
LET'S HAVE THEM COME INTO OUR COUNTRY LEGALLY CHUCK!
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION 
No sir-they r illegal aliens. If they wish 2 become naturalized citizens then they must apply 2 do so legally like everyone else
@ceo_alphonso @fullcirclehousing @alphonsohayden @igrbrokers 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1408673492548084&id=1015343418547762 …
Dreamers are mostly unproductive
And they are also rapists, murderers, drug dealers, illegal voters...
Yes, let's defend DACA. Let's condem Trump and send him back to hell where he came from. Trump is a traitor! #impeach trump!
Wth chuck ?fix immigration!
Dreamers are driving up my school taxes and taking $ n food out of the inner city families. Driving up healthcare
What about our own children that has a dream of going to college and having a better life?
Why can't they be the future of their own nations? We have our own future engineers, soldiers & teachers.
So are all American citizens. What's your major disfunction? #AmericaFirst #maga #imwithTrump

Maybe you should do something other than obstruct the process and come up with workable ideas Chuckie.
Baloney ur "dreamers" r illegal And not the future of my nation u pandering self serving political hack All u want is more votes Lies & Lies
Chuckles, I am tired of my hard-earned dollars going towards funding which I didn't vote on. NY state is the worst offender #nodaca
.Why don't we better our nation before we go giving chances to non citizens? Our minority kids, our poor kids ALL OUR KIDS HAVE DREAMS TOO!!
That's funny. One of your dreamers just raped and murdered a woman here in our neck of the woods. But you have armed security so no worries
See you think you know better than all of America.
And you want to talk about white supremacy well you have a god-like job which makes you a white supremacist.
This is why you guys lose elections now you don't put Americans first we're always last on your list.
A real, sovereign nation permits immigration under their laws and not a priority over their citizens.
You Democrats regulate all of our jobs out of the way and you give the rest to immigrants what you don't like us?
What you want let Americans have jobs first you think they're better off on welfare?
What do they have in common Chuck, they are all here illegally
Globalist race pimp. Pandering for votes
At the rate America is going, Jesus will return + all the left Democrats will be left + headed straight to Hell!
No, first American no illegals
.@SenSchumer hey Chucky ....let them dream in their own countries....legally!!!!!
No they aren't false rhetoric we don't need them!!!
Some of these dreamers have fought in recent wars for their country and are being kick out, think a out that for a second.
Sen. Schumer, Just ONCE, could you care about American citizens and LEGAL immigrants? Let "Dreamers" enter the US legally.
Chuck you R so full of hot air! Your in it to line your pockets!
If they bring so much to the table and truly want to become Americans, then why to I have to press 2 for English?
Upchuck you make me sick! Apparently you haven't visited the poor neighborhoods in Buffalo NYwhere a majority of LEGAL kids live in poverty
Set down and sthu.
DEPORT illegal colonizers - and YOU, ChuckYou.
NO
No, really they aren't.
I've been waiting since 1986 for secure borders  all here illegally since need to go back where they came from
