Keep prices down. Don't care who gets credit. Free Market.. open state lines for competition. No subsidies. Just get it done
We had free market aka big insuranc co's runng the show and only a small % cud affrd it! And thy drppd ppl left and right for hvg a hangnail
Oh boo hoo .. the government needs to take care of me because I can't afford something
Big tax cut for the wealthy everyone else  be affected PUT THE BREAKS ON PHARMA ,INSURANCE ,ALL HEALTH CARE COST .
The Dems Obamacare promised we could keep our doctors and get lower premiums? Lol up average 52% & deductibles over Doubled! Chucky ?? Cmon
We don't care if it's a Democrat plan or Republican plan.. we just want to take care of our family. Come up with a free market plan !!!
Uh, thats what we had before ACA and millions weren't covered! Sooo
Chuck.. try telling the truth once in a while. All we care about is how are we going to be able to take care of our family.
Gee Gerry.. you have a case of mistaken identity. You think you are a smart Liberal.
Since Medicare kicks in at age 65, not sure what big issue you're trying to highlight.
Thread: FYI- when we say people will die from this healthcare bill what we mean is it will go back to how it was before ACA where people 1.
Waited till the last second to seek healthcare treatment because they couldn't pay the bill. Meaning they would show up in ERs on their 2.
Deathbeds. Too sick for modern medicine to reverse the damage that had been done. When if they had insurance routine labs and doctors 3.
Visits would have managed a simple problem. How do I know this? I have seen it with my own eyes. Because ACA patients were 10 times sicker 4
Without ACA we will return to a world where hard working people have to choice between their life and bankruptcy and this is not a choice 5.
The law allows employers to drop coverage, so you are incorrect. No one is safe.
Remember you are healthy until you are not. Say one develops cancer. How will get insurance if you didn't have coverage in the first place?
guess what Chuck, people cannot afford Obamacare either. Middle class cannot afford $1,000 premium with $12,000 deductible, not realistic
Well I'm 62 so that's a big problem for me. Plus McConnell couldn't care less about the American people
Don't forget #Democrats that the Democrats gave you #Obamacare. Remember that.
It is still better than the one you voted for
Sounds like propaganda
Another lie. Premiums have skyrocketed under Obamacare. You keep UR doctor & your plans, Save on avg $2500 a year. Remember those Obama lies
They want to deplete nearly retired citizens savings to push them into  1. Poverty 2. Crime (for food/Med's) 3. For profit prisons.
The #BCRA and #AHCA provides less money because huge cuts to Medicaid will leave millions of citizens running to the emergency rooms! Crazy!
Using the ED for care, then leaving the bill un paid, hospital will feel the brunt of this. Long run, loss of jobs, etc

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
let's see..Comey outed you for lying..fool me once shame on you..fool me twice shame on me.  #STOPRESISTINGMAGA.
- And GEE, Chuck, at age 65 or 66, they all go on Medicare! Did you forget that?It is tough getting old! Your making a very big deal of this
Don't wreak healthcare for 250 million people just to cover 7 million people. That's insanity. Go back to PRE-Obamacare coverage.
Don't start about premiums - where was your comments on Obamacare - I want to puke at your tweets
I'm 64 have a silver plan and pay more than the 6800  premium sooooo ur numbers r wrong.  Chuck wake up both plans stink!!!!
Not true. They give Americans the freedom to choose if they want or need insurance.
Stop bickering. If you don't like something come up with your own. Obviously Obamacare sucked.. start over! Free Market like everything else
I don't want to be over 55 in this country.  The old country lookig better and better-
The young have diagnosis of ADHD and depression, I would say they won't Fair well either...
lol, USA is the líder in the field of medicine development, you name, drugs, medical device, sugery technique. but we cant afford. joke
Both parties are screwing this up....time to get the government out of healthcare......
Fake stats from Fake news from Fake Speakers.These are the people who predicted a Clinton win. WE NEED ACCURATE FIGURES. Shame on your lies!
The ACA was too.....how'd THAT work out?!
Funny, a 64 year old won't need that silver plan that covers pregnancy, prenatal care, etc. Apples and oranges. BTW When was CBO ever right?
Wow.  Healthcare has become such a nightmare thanks to "politics and posturing" as Dems and Rhinos exempt themselves. You have hit new lows
Or if you're 47 and a cancer survivor.
I'm 64 and I lost my insurance when the DOL cut my w/c benefits because I couldn't get a job after vocational rehab,66% lost from pmt. Fair?
Has the CBO ever been right...ever???
You know know I used to love the song "When I'm 64."  Now not so much.  Keep fighting for us all.  Thanks.
Isn't time for Dems to come to table to fix ACH?  Show the fixes it needs   Take a positive tactic!
Prove it!!!!!
bs as usual from chuck without reading or reading and not comprehending
Why choose the agd 64??  MEDICARE ELIGIBLE
That's DemWit Math
FAKE NEWS just like CNN
Presumably, this individual would retire soon therefore significantly less income. He might as well shoot himself in the head.He'll be broke

If 99% of the people are poor, they can control us.  #Dobbs #Tucker
Chuckles wants the middle class REMOVED. #Dobbs #Tucker
And funny, what Fox reported on the CBO was different than your propaganda, Chuckles. #Tucker #Dobbs
Wrong. My premium was $14,400 per year with a $12,000 deductible. Obamacare is dead as a doornail. You just want the middle class to suffer.
Saw ur STUPID show on Sen floor. As a Dem I'm tired of u all constantly fucking up. Instead of TRYING to b funny, u shd've been serious 1/
Healthcare isn't funny Sen. Many of us will lose r insurance if the Sen bill passes. And u stand up on the Sen Fl & can't even pull off joke
@BarbaraRacek it's NOT a Healthcare bill.  It's the #GOP WEALTHY DONOR PROTECTION Bill...and Working America be Damned #voteNO
How can we buy into the CBO score after the score it gave Obama Care? Clearly a corrupted partisan group like the majority of Washington!
EVER HEAR OF" THE  BOY WHO CRIED WOLF?" WE WON STOP WHINING !!!!
OBCARE is almost at that point now...AFFORDABLE MY BUTT !!!!STOP WITH THE FAKE NEWS, NO ONE PAYS ATTENTION ANYMORE........
Remember the CBO said Obamacare would save $ ! Now WE all know that was partisan bull crap! Democraps R liars! Schumer's an areshole!
Im paying 4 ur Healthcare. Nobneed to rewrite anything. Give us same as U have
You can keep your plan! You can keep your doctor! What happened?
And Obama said the avg family's premiums would be reduced by $2,500. Just like "if you like your doctor and plan.."  All LIES!!!!!
Which nobody can afford and live!
Some of these politicians claim they are Christians. TRUE CHRISTIANS ALWAYS help the needy, SATAN produces this type of HC@mike_pence
Healthcare, healthcare, healthcare...lets talk about RUSSIA!   OOOOOps!
That CBO score is misleading. You lie. Do you have any principles left?
Just curious but what is the percentage increase of aca now from before it started? If you are so proud of aca, why not produce.
Your on the ball Senator GOP are trying to pull a fast one over the ppl. There NOT STUPID.
#ACA was supposed to lower them aswell....oops
Didn't talk about the 130% deductible & 120% premium increase we experienced with ObamaCare.. #Hypocrite
Why don't you work with GOP? Instead you obstruct and resist. Disgusting display of government operation. You should do better than this
Rather than do nothing but complain, novel idea, offer to work with GOP to fix the situation! Right now you are part of the problem useless
This healthcare bill is a form of genocide for older Americans. What are Republicans thinking, just themselves and lower taxes for wealthy!
That time the gov't allowed unregulated price gouging from pharma and med industries then called Americans greedy for wanting healthcare...
Please keep fighting!
When u drink out of ur own sewer u get stupid cbo not accurate ever so y repeat the bad info
Maybe all of you should quit arguing abt controlling healthcare, get out completely & let our doctors do it. Govt involvement drove up costs
ObamaCare is no better, it has collapsed! I could write a good Health Insurance law in about 25 pages.
Says the guy with the permanent Cadillac Plan. There will be more, less expensive choices than your one-size-fits-all color coded nonsense.
With two handfools of dead children??? Wow??? 100??? Bout Hinkle???
A 100 billion dollars of Medicare and Medicaid is wasted with fraud and abuse I wonder how much ends up in the hands of politicians.
TERM LIMITS 
This new Health Care bill is now becoming a Nazi's Auschwits of concentration death camp, were ppl suffer & just die w no treatment...True
Wow, w all minimum wages job 4 us the lower income ppl, who will afford such amount? we struggle to pay grocery, mortgage, elect, water, etc
This bill is outrageous & offensive. Almost like they wanted it to be. Our leaders in Congress, President are not to be trusted. Huge C.O.N.
In the future, if you make it 64, you'll need high premiums to remind you that you're a freak of nature.
Well at 62 I am going to be thrown into Medicare
#liberals are #hypocrites Why weren't you tweeting about the increase in Obamacare premiums? Retire Chuck. Tired of liberal lies
Chucky Boy instead of criticizing GOP why didn't the Liberals in Congress meet with the Republicans and Discuss  the best health plan !
tax the poor to pay the rich  trump voters have been conned big time   no healthcare and trump doesn't care enough to read the bill
Obamacare was supposed to lower costs as well. That didn't happen.
They lied.
Wow Chuckie! What will you pay for your health care in 2026?  $0.00 since you will live off taxpayers with your pension and taxpayer funds.
Were you crying when you read this.
Chuck most ppl after 64 have Medicare benefits!! Stop fear mongering. .. @SenateMajLdr surely took this into acct but did the #CBOSCORE ??
Neither party knows how to deal with healthcare. You have to get govt out of the way. It will be painful to some. Better in long run.
But will ya still love me when I'm .....
Fake news, CHUCKY!!
wait until your 65
You can Keep your plan, You can Keep your Doctor Your Premiums will go down, health care will get cheaper  All a Big Fat LIE
Yes, ultra wealthy, this plan STILL leaves a hypothetical individual with income even after premiums, but the GOP working to get rid of that
Not only will the people miss out, there will be an economic downfall. Medical professional layoffs, clinics closing, hospital ERs crowded.
It's me. Have written TN senators Alexander & Corker. Get the same canned response. I'm scared. Bankruptcy or dying not my retirement dreams
It wasn't that long ago, seniors were getting divorced just to afford healthcare. It shldnt be this hard for elderly & poor ppl.
#Resist
Took you awhile to tweet on this today. Running out of things to trash, perhaps? Obstruction tiring you out, perhaps?
Neither did O Care, how come the Dems didn't offer to fix until now?
Instead of putting down the GOP Health Plan work with them to replace the disaster known as Obamacare. Obamacare is unaffordable
GOP fought Obama tooth and nail to prevent Dems from improving ACA...from doing things to bring down costs..ETC. Their corruption is obscene
WHY ARNT YOU STILL TRYING TO FIX ACA!  Stp jst waitg to see if thrs fails! FIGHT BACK with something of substance!
That is about the percentage hike I would have expected from the GOP. Nothing every changes, does it.....
Is this the Same CBO that said WE COULD KEEP OUR DOCTORS, KEEP OUR HC, LOWER PREMIUMS, SAVE $2500/family after #OBAMACARE Disaster
if your healthcare plan took full effect nobody would live past 64 unless they were a member of the Senate or a family member of a Senator..
According to the CBO, ACA was supposed to lower premiums. Where did that end up?  CBO might as well be weathermen they are wrong so often
Yikes!
...and guess what....I AM 64.  Does that mean that I won't reach 65? If any of you find my cold dead body, 'trump did it'!
And by the way if you remember the CBO had Obamacare so right on. 

LOL
Chucky that's baloney
This is a lie.  Stop sabotaging the President.
Ok @GOP you gonna screw over that voting block? You know the ones who overwhelmingly show up to vote
They were oh SO accurate with their Obamacare predictions ... I really wonder why or how they even have jobs
Like O'Care?
If they ask for more, will ya still love me, will ya still need me, when I'm 64! A little song I thought you can sing in your next HC video
Who pays for the government bill, the people do.  Y'all charge me double for health care to pay for others. Not fair.
Obamacare was to lower premiums $2,500 but raised $3,000 + raised deductibles
Thanks Obama
A lot of talk coming from a person who has NOT provided a btr plan & the 1 u did is failing. Come on Chucky, get to wrk, let's see ur plan.
When have premiums ever gone down. People over 60 should pay more they use more services. Government should stay out of our healthcare
health care was much better before the government got involved you worked to get it and it was cheap
#TheyHadSevenYears to do Americans better as they said THEY could do!
Wait a minute, Obamacare which you voted for was supposed to save the average family $2500 a year? What happened?
This...
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
This clown Chuckie lies so much he thinks it's the truth!
Fake news from Chucky.
And the Dems bill increased premiums 200% and I lost my DR and do every year. You lie!!!
Hey look everyone, it's #FakeTearsChuck tell by more lies! #MAGA
Chucky Just pass the floor and go to the Men's room, you are so full of Crap on this issue it would be a must destination for you
Blah blah blah
So tell me again how much better Trump's Shitcare is?
Gotta be better than the Tax #44Care..
Chuck sucks 
Sounds like Age Discrimination 2 me!! #Singlepayer only #Healthcare that will work 4 everybody!
What exactly are the GOP smoking?
What happened I thought we had 7 GOP voting no now we only have 2? Did I miss something?
They always screw us all as slow as they can. No one tries to really stop them. That's how they rule us.
What have you done to lower premiums? This is a mess created by Dems.
OBAMACARE
How much did the CBO get Wrong about Obamacare Chucky? Oh that's right, you had to deliberately LIE in order to get a favorable CBO score..
@SenSchumer you win you resisted to the point no one gets healthcare are you happy I know I am

I won't have to pay 4 others
Crocodile Tears Schumer Numnuts it's because the bill  covers them  in another part! You did not read the whole bill did you! Liar! so mean!
Less talk...go kick some @GOP ass!
Isn't the #CBO wildly inaccurate @SenSchumer ?
In reality, you will have no insurance because you can't afford that plan.
Future Increases inevitable everywhere how do we stop the bleeding & solve this?
you have no true political agenda other then get reelected and fuck america, move on please let someone that cares take your place, putz
Take government out of healthcare
Will you still need me will you still feed me when I'm 64 
Lier
Senator Schumer you got to hold on to that "poor people" voting bloc, huh. Why not pull the free loaders off all entitlements?
Keep it up Chuck ... your feeding right into why Trump won and will again in 2020. Good boy Chuck! Go away!
had u done your job 4-500 billion ea yr would have been back into middle class taxpayers pocket and the program could still expand as needed
YEP, 300% increase for 12% LESS insurance - #BRAC coverage @58% v #Obamacare @70%. SAD!    #KTB
Instead of bipartisan the meme should read the never correct CBO. WHEN IS THE LAST TIME THE CBO GOT SOMETHING CORRECT?
ACA was supposed to lower premiums by over $1500. Never happened. I nevr heard you admit it. Be honest Chuck. u're trying to save a disaster
1. They rose abt 5% per yr less than b4 #ACA
2. Google how obamacare was sabotaged. Rates increased & companies pulled out cause of it.
Older Americans should expect to pay more. We use more. get the freeloaders who are able bodied of sound mind off free medicaid!
Maybe you should try working with the Republicans instead of offering nothing but negativity!
Better get busy working!!! Tired of the handouts and freebies for those who aren't pulling their weight! Probably 22M Democrats!!!!
