TWO FAKE STORY TELLERS IN THE SAME ROOM
She's a pshyco and he's a nut job,should be a hoot
No thank you I'll pass. To nuts at one time is to much.
Like TWO of Rachels nuts bouncing off Chuck's chin shoul be fun to watch 
Are you going out with her or something? 
Ask the Senator to invoke "filibuster by amendment" and unanimous consent to stop the Trumpdontcare bill!

Whatever he had to say was heard by a handful of people. The Maddow show is no watch TV
why does it say @senatorschumer account suspended
Sure.  Go back and tell her how the intel community can screw with @POTUS 's if he fights to create a functional government
Fake news with a conspiracy nut job. Verify the story first.
OMG, I'm sure that was a toxic hatefest.  Stop the #consipiracytheories  You actually are like a Birther when Obama was elected. Cooky.
Obama had attacked Steve Scalise & said he was a KKK member. This is why the shooter targeted Scalise. Left has BLOOD on their hands
Oh,oh,oh... chucky and his hair plugs are going to enlighten us and honor us with his genius??!!
A Trumphole making fun of a man's hair!! Wow now that IS funny. & then going on to making fun of someone's IQ is even funnier!! Trumpholes!
Taking a page from the dem play book..
Least I'm not attacking Barron, a child or depicting the decapitated  POTUS
U set the bar pretty low if that's your only goal for yourself and for Trump.
The left attacks an 11yr old child.  IMPRESSIVE
Is that worse than Trump using "Trump University" to scam people of their life savings, their future, even their homes?
Are u serious with that question?
Yes. Do u think scamming people out of their life savings is worse than making political jabs at the First Family's expense? Trump did both
Anyone who watches this channel of fake news tonight is not an American. All this hatred is due to the media., democrats and you
Have you ever watched it? Just once? Cuz its just news..
Yes I watch that evil woman.
More fake news
Stop spreading the hate!
Just don't stand between Chuck and the camera.
Now get on Maddow and trash the ppl you were "praying"4 this morning.That would be typical
You mean tell the truth about what this putin puppet and hz greedy regime are doing TODAY to our country!

I'll sum up the interview for you to save you some time: RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA Tax Returns Racism Russia Russia Xenophobia oh uh Russia
Yep that sums it up .  I'll be watching Tucker and Hannity.
Amen sista  Hannity is on fire tonight 
It's a clown fest.
Shooter loved maddow. He did what she said to do. Kill GOP
@SenSchumer You would be better served on @FoxNews platform
One lunatic asks another lunatic questions. I think I will pass.
Rachael is another rubber room escapee. You will fit in on the wacko circuit just fine. Two winners of the Most Slappable dirt bags on t.v.
Who the hell cares?
Never
Keep up the good work!
A lot of prez thngs need to chnge! A procss to relse classfd info not jst a big mouth! Mandatry tax retrns, criminl bkrnd chk deeper thn now
Yes, her reporting on the ongoing investigation of Trump by the FBI, CIA, Senate, house, and special counsel is outrageous
"Repugnant figure" - @LouDobbs is right. Make that plural.
Race Baiter
How many of the 1.2k gave a rats ass?
Don't watch a news work full of hatred . I boycott them all . All of you are responsable for the shooting today .
MSNBC hateful rhetoric radicalized the VA shooter.
I wonder if Schmucky will shed some of his fake tears for the victims in VA and CA after all it his rhetoric fed that's responsible
Two ppl who spew hate & incite violence. What's this. Damage control?  Your radical rhetoric must stop NOW
So your going on this discusting network? Why so you can keeptrashing @potus knock it off and grow up. Your part of the problem not solution
The DNC & CPUSA shared message of HATE & RESIST is showing it's true colors on the baseball field.
BRAVO
The LOVE will bring tears to our eyes! Can Chuck go 10 minutes without being hateful? Money says no. Not even today!
Crying Baby Chuck and Maddow.  What a disaster.  They'll feed off each other and the conspiracies will grow.
Wonder if Chucky and Madcow will keep score on who lies the most. RAD-Rise Against Democrats.  #MAGA
another crooked politician very little honesty 2 faced all about money .....
Immediately contact your Congressman+Senators to demand Schumer's Expulsion from Congress. Stop his incessant hate mongering vs. POTUS+GOP!!
@SenSchumer  @maddow Schumer will be on the #1 network viewers will be tune as usual Schumer the praise video was great mocking Trump
Good opportunity to start denouncing the vitriol against the President and the Republican party. Don't worry, I won't hold my breath.
Liberal freak interviewing a liberal freak. Should be real boring. 
You stated that Mitch McSatanturtle will have trouble looking in the mirror if their Obama Repeal passes: You don't ACTUUALL believe that?!


Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch recently called for Blood and Death on the Streets! #Alexandria #TRUMP 
The latest waste of leadership for the D's. Same old ways that come from corruption like the R's.
Nothing but a hate speech and fascism.. should be a great show!
Please ... no kissing while cameras are on!
I hope you cut back on the Republican bashing. Today's event is on your hand.
Most Senators were promoting appearances today a sad day for USA, disgraceful

Its all fun and games until someone gets hurt
Poison
Because of your hatred towards our president and our Republicans. So now you should be brought up for impeachment, involuntary man slaughter
You have to be kidding on fake news. With that woman who hates Republicans and our president good job Schumer.
You never came clean about forcing Trump to fire Comey by trashing Comey. How would you have accepted his findings? #Dishonorable
Not!
She's a great fit for you. I hope you learned something today. I doubt it! Stop your lies! Get busy! You've done nothing to help pple.So sad
Who would do that? Maddow is a fake fraud.....and has proven that over and over again.....like yourself Chuck
You need to be in reputable shows to be taken seriously
Maddows show, hahahaha, least amount of cred in the business! And can you get any more sarcastic than Maddow? She's so annoying!
Yes
I'll be watching too I love sitcoms!
No thanks. I dont care to see Crying Chuckles. Besides Alaska Bush People premiers tonight, and Mothers Finest is in the Nooga as well.
I blame all of you for this "killing field" Had secret service not been there it would have been worse! Stop Severed head, killing approved

NEVER
Chuckles and the Madcow, Is this a new comedy act or just the same old crap. Russia, Russia, Russia!, Collusion, Collusion, Collusion!
I hold you and Rachel Maddox responsible for creating linch mob like attitudes with angry left people. Stop your hysteria and fake news
I rather sit in a dark closet than watch You clowns and your Dribble!
msnbc, Dems, Hillary, Obama, Pelosi, Shumer, liberal media are wicked dividing, sowing hate, obstructing, deliberately destroy America, Pres
Birds of a feather LOL
Better wipe that dribble from ur chin that Harry left you. Stop the madness you jerk!  #SethRich #MAGA #MSM sux
Both these asshats deserve each other , you are to blame for what has happened to @SteveScalise !!! Keep spreading your hatred
Do you Chuckie do you care keep telling the lie about how great Obamacare is just keep selling it
Does Chuck care that have bone spurs in my left knee that make it look like the elephant man all this at 43 years old and no insurance 2wks
Does Chuck care that both rotator cuffs right and left are completely mangled in my arms at 43 years old and I will have no insurance ?
Two reasons not to watch.
I wonder if Chuck worries about my 3rd back surgery coming up Friday and how I have to cancel my insurance the 30th does he give a crap ?
People who have never worked for a living, and I do mean WORK never struggled telling you about your struggle yeah it makes sense ?
New name for the Senator. Chuck "Chicken Little" Schumer! #senschumer
What a joke!
Or you could call the mystery theatre !
All that brain power in one room. Lollllllll
Nope
Terrific interview! Majority is more than angry! We need to put a stop to the obstruction of the WH in matters of Russia & investigation!
WOW what about an interview with Hanity or any other Fox News commentator. How about doing your job instead of an obstructionist
Not caring
Who cares - two losers
That seems appropriate since she only hosts clowns & fools. You'll fit right in
#NeverDJTHRC Clinton Fired Promoter of #CivilRights @FBI Director! New Man for F.B.I.: Louis J. Freeh #ToughOnCrime
When two nut heads bang heads what do you get - just more nuts !

Maddow and Schumer together ;  is like Booth and Benidict together .
@SenSchumer @SenatorSchumer @maddow idiot
You sat in on a Rachael Madcow show? How embarrassing.
You are the best clown ever fake fake fake!!
You were great on Maddow! We desperately need to hear you voice of reason in this most toxic of times! Thanks to GOP et al!
2 MINDLESS LEFTEST HAT'N TWITS TALK'N....MADDOW SHOW SUCKS BALLS, OH HOW FUNNIE!
I happened to flip through (since I sure don't watch MSNBC) and stopped to hear Schumer. What a total hack!! Just keep wasting $$!!(OURS)
How much longer u gonna keep losing on a losing team full of losers? And the lying media, maddow,Williams,lemmon,,Cuomo,and morning Joe.
@elizabethforma From a dem-Hillary hatespeak,  hate & resentment unprofessional. In a fight no 1 wins. Intention will serve btr than emotion
MSN...YOUR WORDS ARE ABSOLUTELY MEANINGLESS!!
Why don't you insane people show the whole clips of these investigations? You cut out the most important parts of it! So sick & deranged!
Mean bills have no place in politics
How many #fakenews clips will result from this? I would have watched this but I probably would've punched my TV. #Nothanks #MAGA
I'd rather eat a cockroach sandwich.
Interesting...a Mad Cow interviewing a Clown.
Thought she died
why tune in to watch chuck whine like a little school boy. Sore loser.
Sen. Schumer: "If you've done nothing wrong why are you so afraid of people looking into it"?
@SenSchumer @SenatorSchumer @maddow 
Don't  watch MSNBC
Love you  @SenSchumer!
Your hair looked REALLY nice tonite, Senator!!
That should be entertaining!!  The worst senator & the worst news anchor getting together!
Good show thank you Chuck for the hard work you are doing for us
Hey Chuck! Where are your glasses? I can't see them b/c I wear my glasses too low b/c of you. Not fair. #TwoEyedChuck is your new nick name.
So why don't MSN talk about the REAL serious issues of Comey, Lynch, Hillary, Susan Rice, ECT? Isn't this REAL news?!
We are seeing how corrupt and dangerous the democrats really are! They are digging their own grave by trying to bring Trump down
Kinda funny how the democrats are pushing for investigations of Russia, and the only thing coming up is the corruption of dems!
so one drama queen interviewing a drama king! I'm sure if anyone watched, oh wait no one watched!
To answer your question WE ARE IN DEEP  SHIT is a phrase we could use!
Get to work on policy or GET OUT. you are the very reason  the people voted the way they did. Honor that. I'm sickened by the whole lot of u
This is RED ALERT!  Call your MOC now about health care
I'm sure there may be reasons why Sen. McConnell may have difficulty looking in the mirror, but shame over "mean" healthcare hard to believe
Awesome interview. Thanks for fighting for us. RESIST!!!
Good job to Mr.Schumer!
Thanks Rachel for bringing Sen Schumer. .
It is a #TAXCUT bill, masquerading as  a health care bill.
SenSchumer do you remember why you are having this hearing? Wasting taxpayer money! All we have found out is Comey is ?
Lynch, Rice & HRC ?
Why can't they be honourable person like u??
Two mad cows, how good can it get?
Thank you, Senator Schumer
I love you @maddow but you've got to get to the point... you are dragging some of this out far too long. It's a turn off.
How can u believe any word from her.
This should be great! Can't wait to hear the conspiracy theories between these two great Americans @maddow @SenSchumer
The clown prince of the senate.
Wow 30 minutes gone by already? Rachel needs 2 hour!
Agree!
Cannot wait to watch someone who is sane!
