When can we impeach Trump? That's all I want to know.
Ya, who cares about children being murdered by the thousands... Russia Russia Russia. The shame of the liberals post-hysteria will be epic
If you care about murdered children's then accept them as refugees!! Increase humanitarian aid don't bomb them!!
impossible 2take in ALL, u have 2help them there get their country back!
Absolutely!! Goodness, why do liberals only think taking people out of their country is the only way? So ridiculous
&we CANNOT send Humanitarian aid 2Syria because Assad not allowing it...
Liberals hate facts... Careful now 
I know.  I'm bracing 4the name calling and condescending tone in 5,4,3..
I'm a constituent and a triple-prime voter and I'm not happy with this. You voted for the Iraq War and clearly you've learned nothing since.
it was a small strike, relatively. Let's hope it doesn't escalate. For now let's not act like we've gone to war
an act of aggression is an act of war. We attacked Syria's airbases with 50 tomahawk missiles.
FFS I will never defend DT. I'm just saying it's one attack, let's hold off on the "we are now at war" shit unless/until it's true.
that's stated in our own US Code. Go ahead and defend Trump because you want regime change.
what are you talking about? I don't defend T. I don't want war in Syria. I remember the Gulf War, and Iraq war, this isn't that.
Uhh... The US and others were were bombing Iraqi military targets before we invaded Iraq. We are just repeating history.
you may be right, but there have been plenty of one off bombing campaigns too. Time will tell. Statement tied it to CW use.
This was yet another SET-UP! 45 is duping this country AGAIN! I pray to God the gas attack was NOT staged by Putin! Good God!
OMG you wrote what I've been thinking.
I don't know what's scarier, that idiotic statement or that there's two of you that believe this?
What's scarier is the travesty that's in our WhiteHouse.Get a clue.The man is a deranged narcissist.
Nice hyperbole. Were you equally outraged when Obama obliterated civilians in 7 Muslim countries?
Talkin about the act itself dude..he's conning all again.aure not arguing with you about it. Go away.
Oh, so you can't answer a simple question. Got it, you're a clueless #Hypocrite
Said not arguing back and forth with you..in case u didn't notice, Obama isn't Pres, a demagogue is.
Hmm..
up seven times, will each time rise again? But one clamity is enough to lay you low. Jealousy is more dangerous than anger.
why is Assad with MRS. POWELL'S DAUGHTER JULIE...who is then White with him and comes from Sisters' Hospital area, Wohler's St & US HUDBflo?
I initially supported Trump's actions until you supported it. I know there's some backroom scam if you agree with it
FALSE FLAG
Where was congress when Obama consulted with them years ago on the exact same issue, only worse then
Bombs are a despicable way to boost popularity.  Senate must continue to investigate conflicts of interest and Trump-Russia ties!
I support u Senator Schumer. I think it was necessary too. The priority must first be the lives of innocent Syrian civilians. #SyrianStrike
No Senator. Condemn these attacks. We've now entered a war with unintentional consequences. NO MORE WARS!
This strike is Russias plan to get little Trump ,off of being investigated.
you finally said something half intelligent 
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Dont let this phony get away with colluding with Russians to STEAL AN ELECTION. DONT BE FOOLED. Our memories are not that short.
Tells you then takes you guys 4 months debating it gets leaked and they're waiting 4 our military when we get there, Left no good for U.S.
You just can't seem to see any good in anyone but yourself or your party. Blind
Proverbs 24:15 Liv."O evil man, leave the upright man alone,and quit trying to heat him out of his right. Don't you know though you trip him
Assad using chemical weapons just days before peace talks would be like you murdering someone just days before your set to appear for trial.
I need Sean Spicer to clarify this statement b/c it sounds like you supported the strike but WH should consult Congress first. Which is it?
What a great idea!  New wars in the Middle East always go sooooo smoothly!
Obama didn't get confirmation from Congress he just did what he wanted!!! He didn't try to protect the Syrian people Because he is a wussy!
That is one weak-ass statement, Senator. Since when do we let the President start a war all on his own?
Since 1945.
US military action in Syria is not the answer. TIRED of protesting against our aggression in the Middle East. Enough!
A distraction from Russian investigation
Chuck, I'm glad you are not in charge of our military. You just proposed telegraphing the strike. Sure tell them it's coming...
I wish you would mention that Trump has tried to ban the victims of these atrocities that he claims to care so much about
President Trump is giving add'l financial support to Jordan to help the Syrian refugees who want to remain in safe zones near their homes.
Sources?  I'd like to read that.
He said it during the press conference with the King of Jordan.
Thanks, I'll have to try and find that.
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/04/05/remarks-president-trump-and-his-majesty-king-abdullah-ii-jordan-joint …  Paragraph 11.  We have just announced that the United States will contribute additional funds to Jordan for ...
that's right that's what we do to help other countries
*should do
You need to retire, you are the reason we want term limits.
@SenSchumer Wish u would re-think support 4 impulsive,ill-planned adventures that put our troops at risk but accomplish little,it was a sham
I would not consulting with congress either.. I would not tell @SenSchumer  that's for sure..
THIS IS ONE BIG STUNT ORCHESTRATED BY TRUMP/PUTIN. IT IS NOTHING MORE.  NOT FALLING FOR IT. NO WAY.
Didn't they say while Candi worked at USA HUD Buffalo Office that, they as USA Military Generals, they were TREASON with OBAMA Adm too? yes.
I think Chuck is complimenting @POTUS n a back handed way.
Shame on you Senator Schumer for supporting Trump's action against Syria. 50% of the US budget spent on war, how much more? #NoMoreWar
Hugely disappointed. Why was Congress's authorization not required to launch $60 million worth of missiles today?
They said on the news that those missiles were 500000 a piece
Hard to get a solid cost estimate. 500k price may be in 1999 dollars, or ~800k today. Center for Public Integrity estimates up to 1.4 mil.
We should not support attacks planned over dinner at Mar-a-Lago.
Why didn't congress approve in 2013 when he brought the issue to them?
Bombing people who are not harming Americans, without intl. support and a detailed plan and scope of action, is wrong and harmful.
@Trumpnado2016 I'll take it
Good thing Obama and his so called red line is gone huh!  You're welcome for voting for trump! #MAGA
I am with you ! Murderous tyrants must be stopped!
But we have to obey the rule of law. Otherwise we're just stopping one murderous tyrant with another.
not declaration war .action to prevent killing innocents ....prohibited by Geneva convention. monstrous dictator decimenting own people.
every dictator has some noble cause in his own mind. If the cause is real, Congress will approve very quickly.
Then how come when obama asked in 2013 they told him no?
It's now 4 years later and Assad continues his unacceptable killing of civilians using horrendous and illegal weapons. He must be stopped
Stand up for what is right Senator. @POTUS targeted the airfield that was used to launch this murderous attack on civilians and nothing more
...and as for the travel ban, just like he is standing up for the children in Syria he is standing up for you by vetting those coming in....
...to this country. A lot of people act like they want the terrorist to come into this country. It's time to wake up and stop the bickering.
May God have mercy on the USA for the division that is here. Mark 3:25 And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand.
HE targeted air field that also fights ISIS & the terrorists...5 pilots killed & 12 damaged planes The US just assisted the headchopprs
So you'd just rather let them keep attacking with Chemical Weapons? I doubt that is the only airport in the country. We had to respond....
....or we are no better than them if we just set back an watch. Remember: Obama set back for 8yrs and look what it got us.
Trump performed illegal act according 2 our constitution Syria did NOT    attack US Need Congressional approval No damage 2 Syria IMPEACH
Oh fer crying out loud... Since when does anyone need permission from U fuckwits to do the right thing. U dems are hilariously incompetent.
Not a fan on this one, Chuck.
Thank you in showing your respect for our military. It's somewhat a shame however this is what it takes for @POTUS to get your support.
Trump must include Congress.
btw.  Would have been helpful if you had pushed Obama more to do airstrikes a Long time ago.
great idea--come map out the strategy so Assad knows exactly what it is.
Why praise Trump's ineffective, unauthorized, token retaliation?  He accomplished nothing but distract media/politicians from his  ties.
Trump didn't need your approval !That is his JOB as Commander in Chief !His name isn't Barry O Get used to a man with balls and not a turbin
So you WERE consulted!??
Trump did not follow the constitution. As bad as syria is why wasn't congress consulted?  Thrown into war just because POTUS? was upset
Did you have to consult with Hillary before making this statement?  Just FYI,  this was NOT an 'act of war' and President doesn't need YOU!!
You are such a far-left, biased partisan. You can't even get yourself to say "good job, President Trump".  Why do you carry so much hate?
The reaction was sudden,  without time to think. This is the wrong attitude to have
who cares schumer your a has been with an annoying voice
Wow. Trump just launched an attack on another nation and my Senator can't be bothered. Chuck's got infrastructure on his mind.
For once ur on the correct side. Ur response almost causes me 2 forgive u 4 bringing in the pedophile.
Trump isn't going to implement a competent plan re Syria. He's going to fuck things up & then blame someone else bc that is what Trump does.
Well said, Senator.
No more proxy wars. Please vote against further strikes
no evidence. what about al nursa, and the rebels that were proven to be behind the chemical attacks in 2013. so sick of the war machine lies
As one of your constituents, I am deeply disappointed. Your response, and every response to this attack should be LET REFUGEES IN.
Nothing but an expensive ploy to change news cycle from Russia and try to save nose diving poll numbers, please.
Wrong, wrong, wrong.  #NoMoreWar
Quit whining! He DIDNT DECLARE WAR!
100% correct Senator
@ToddJClausen Which works out perfect for you because you're a @HillaryClinton puppet and she wants war anyways, Chuckie.
This is a disappointing response to say the least
I'm surprised at ur naivety.Strikes are distraction.Well planned out by Trump/Putin.Putin involved in gas attack &Trump's diverting guilt
weak words, Senator. Enjoy having the President push your face into the pillow over the coming months
oh PLEASE...
the "GUILTY"
are "HIDING IN A PALACE"
this "ACT" is like swatting a bee with a needle
for RATINGS..not for the CHILDREN
It seems to be a plan to deceive the US.
#TheResistance #SVRAV @CaptainsLog2017 @CaptJaneway2017 @docrocktex26 @KeithOlbermann @RepAdamSchiff @SenBlumenthal Watch & question (lots) https://twitter.com/th3j35t3r/status/850435487336681473 …
Please do not praise Trump for this. Good would be allowing the Syrian children to come here than just bombing them some more.  #ashamed
Wag the Dog? Great Trump Russia distraction, makes Trump look good, creates fake Trump-Putin conflict, all for emptied airbase.
why would he go to obstructionist dems. U would of voted no and still blamed trump for murdering children. You are a sad sen.
u look like such a fool when present & past filmed statements aired. nice to see gov't support for once from you and yours!
NO! trump acted w/o Congress like damned dictator! trump broke the LAW (AGAIN!!) BE ANGRIER AND THROW THINGS DAMMIT. #impeach  @MDemaske
No more war for pipelines, Wall St, @Raytheon, @GoldmanSachs.  We could afford healthcare for the whole county if we were more peaceful.
Know that was hard for you to do but it was the right statement. Now, can you try to reach out across the aisle and start to work together?
Great statement. I agree
You need to unequivocally condemn the bombing, and censure Trump for ordering the bombing WITHOUT Congressional approval. This is wrong.
Ok.  What is the strategy? What is the next step? We went to war and made potholes in the desert.  What did we achieve for 96m.
Chuckie and his party condone killing kids and babies using many methods...
That's the only SMART thing you've said since Mr Trump became Mr President. Certainly a job YOU COULD NEVER DO
No thanks. Low tolerance to outright lies and rhetoric
Please just SHUTUP and go to work 
you aint nothing but a peon. GORSUCH VOTED TO THE SCOTUS....
#AUMF'erz.
What? So you are OK with this non-congress-approved raid? Disappointing, Chuck. Very disappointing.
we should of investigated who dropped the chemicals & all involved re:Russia & DJT should of gone to congress! Grow balls Chuck!
You're a garbageman and I hope you get primaried
delete your account
It's not a war Chuck, so no #PresidentTrump does not. 
Senator, I haven't been agreeing with you overall, but you got this one right in every way. Kudos.
Crocodile tears are BS & bombs only make more victims—If Prez "America 1st" really wants to help we should take in Syrian #refugees #Syria
This was all a show by a performer. Made to deflect from his problems. Wag The Dog. You know he cares not one wit abt Syrian children.
NOPE
Imagine people like @Melaine teaching our children. More liberals to ruin our wonderful country
AND...MSM dives into a tail spin!! #MAGA
Senator, this is weak. You've been weak against Trump. Step it up or see yourself primaried. NY won't stand for weak senators against Trump.
Who the Hell are you and what have you done with Sen Schumer?
Ambiguous statement. Listen to your constituents. Call out T's not consulting congress, refugee policy, inconsistent rhetoric. Be a leader.
How many humanitarian $ and refugees will #POTUS support = 0 #DISTRACTION Come on #SenSchumer grow a pair
Look @ damage done by missiles, looks more like warheads were removed. You need 2 check inventory from ship. Fake out 2 distract!
Unbelievable. SHAME on you @SenSchumer for backing an act of war without congressional approval. The war machine depends on such cowardice.
So Chuckles supports the air strike but is butt hurt he wasn't in the loop? It would break Chucks tiny liberal heart to just say "DID GOOD!"
So y'all can sit on your hands and do nothing again and then the whole world after y'all leaking it will know what's coming
Trump probably already has a strategy...will you try to obstruct it without even reading it as you do everything else?
May Syrian government enjoy your home.
he did that to distract from the russia investigation and his poll numbers are shit
@Potus retaliated to bullies like u & d' Dems in Washington who are desperate for an audience. No war declared, he stood up for the Syrians.
You would have held up the debate crying the whole time in an effort to stop Trump no matter what he chose to do.  Youre pathetic.
NO! I I usually agree with you,but no! We need let in refugees, take out Assad quietly, and stop making more refugees! NO NO NO!
2 all the embarrassing clueless dem snowflakes-the rest of the world applauds our Prez 4 action and ur tweets show u no 0 about Constitution
Too many leaks , the attacks need to be strategic and quick.  I agree with Trump not letting the leakers in on his move
Find then declare war this was a act of war with declaration that is not what Americans want nor should you
U think @SenSchumer would be graceful enough to praise @realDonaldTrump action on Assad, something @BarackObama didn't have the balls to do.
Only 1 Commander in Chief Senator, thank God it's not HRC
And the Dem party's demise accelerates
THERE SHOULD B NO VOTE ON GORSUCH UNTIL #TRUMPRUSSIA INVESTIGATION DONE ESP SINCE HE JUST WARNED RUSSIA/ASSAD B4 BOMBING = COLLUSION W/ENEMY
Weird
#DeepStateRejoicing #FakeNewsRejoicing
Look @cnn video of damage shows little effect! Billions wasted on show 2 distract & he warned Russia b4 bombing! #ImpeachTrump NOW!
Failure 2 get congressional approval is impeachable! Warning 2 Russia was warning 2 Assad! #ImpeachTrump b4 he starts war or uses nukes!!!!!
Are the gassed Muslims the same ones that have been burning Christians alive?
Thanks Chucky.  You got this one right.  I agree with the action, but ANY further action needs to be through Congress.
freedom has a price.
Did Putin orchestrate gas attack to give #45 opening to distract what's abt to be discovered about #Trumprussia?
Remember "Wag the Dog"
I believe that in the Future  President @realDonaldTrump shoukd strike and then tell congress  to many leaks from Democrats
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS -  VOTE EM OUT IN 2018
Entire world is appreciative that our President didn't bog down issue by inviting Congress to think on it. Congress can't cooperate W/self
There is a reason his title is COMMANDER IN CHIEF, not check with @chuckschumer first cuck.
Presidents actions R brilliant!  World demanded action. Action taken was precise & within his authority.Prevented picking a fight w/Russia
honestly who really cares what you think!  You are irrelevant!
Finally I can agree with you Chuck
Shameful!!! You're not too old to lace up your boots & fight on the front lines, Chucky. I'm not sending MY child. #NoMoreWar
Confused by the quotes #EditBeforeReleasing and not sure your statement actually says anything except for saluting the troops. #KudosForThat
Any involvement with Congress is inviting a quagmire.  You jackasses can't see past your parties. We have one president not 535. Brilliant
This is coordinated w Russia to raise Trump's poll #s-Trumpcare kills Americans & PlannedParenthood defended-no problem #PressDoYourJob
Wow, Chuck you can act like an American if you try! Good job!!!
@SenSchumer I don't stand with you often, but thank you for standing with Trump in letting Assad know he won't get away with barbaric acts!
Thank you, Chuck. Do not give in to the pressure you're receiving from liberals to defy Trump in all he does. We must recognize good actions
You finally approve of something?
Chuckie the continuous BLOWHARD
Sounds like a back hand compliment!
Thank you for showing your 'united' side; I u use your expertise to bring congress to work together, excitedly, to build our nation
Thank you sir for backing the President.
Trump doesn't need to get congress approval! Only if it's putting our guys on ground. He's got mad dog that knows what's going on.
Chuck although I enjoyed ur message I cannot help but remember all the times you allowed BO NOT to get approval..
Thank you for your statement and courage.
Wow almost a bipartisan unified front. That should scare the hell out of Assad
For real I was not being sarcastic Thanks @SenSchumer
@realDonaldTrump it's official your all nuts
Can we get some political minds & lawyers willing to take one for the team together and figure the next legal course of action to impeach
Chuck no one cares what you have to say on anything. you have shown the american people you careless about us than any other representative.

Center Schumer go the f*** away
I didn't see this when Obama used drones
How about saluting the President. Speak up chuck. I can't hear you.
Wow I never thought that I would agree with you on something! You are actually supporting the POTUS actions! That's What I Call progress!
@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump  I think if you started working with him, Dems might see bipartisanship. You have to grow up first.
@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump  Chuck, do you really think we had time to go thru your red tape before this was done? Pres had authority.
@POTUS needs to consult with his advisers re: Syria, Assad then inform Congress how he will proceed.
You were impotent 2008-2012 about it.
Don't worry Chucky President Trump has a job by you. Crossing guard in front of the White House
Where were you and the Dems 8, year's with Obama.
Chuckle if we go to war, will the illegal and undocumented immigrants fight to secure their freedoms here?
We cannot tolerate the President blatantly violating the Constitution. I expected a far stronger response than that from you.
