Schumer is an America hating commie, been in congress since 1981 if had done his job why would we need tax reform in 2017.
U Firmly Believe that if U tell A LIE Enough Times People will Accept IT! DON"T It's Still A LIE! @SenSchumer @TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi
Why in the hell do you think the rich should be taxed at a higher rate than the rest of America? Why do you punish success&favor cronies?
And 9 Million kids lost their healthcare this week! Why not report on that?
Chucky would rather we all be in the poor house so we could depend on him not Rise Up from the pits of democratic hell.
We did it on Healthcare We can do it on so called Tax reform. Its time to stop the CHEATERS FROM CHEATING
Chuck we all know you want the lobbyists $ to carve out special interest tax breaks, you & the swamp don't work for free, pay to play
The head clown reacts.
We have proof that says otherwise. Dems, quit with the lies already.
No to mention inflation will go up. What is the good in giving everyone money in a tax break if prices go up because everyone has more money
It is our money not the governments.
Not to mention literally trillions stashed away offshore sitting tax free.  How much is enough?
- Ryan Lies - It's the same old BS - Politicians have no real-world solutions and they lie repeatedly to support their delusional answers -
Bots are out already!
- Delusions are rampant and hypnotic - Many quickly fall under their spell Get in line and repeat the mind warp - Will not submit to crazy
The New Democrats party and Schumer supports these people
JFK reduced taxes knowing that it would grow the economy and therefore help EVERYONE. As far as deficits, growth is the only answer.
Why don't you put away the Twitter and roll up your sleeves and get to work helping the American ppl for once old Chuckie boy

GOP does nothing else it  is for the wealthy and powerful
Wow, nice repeat of the group think line.
Why not tax exempt households earning 24K or less instead of churches and the NFL earning millions.
Already done.
GOP tax reform plan benefits the rich
Completely inaccurate.
Of course the GOP would never do anything to help the average American
If they cut taxes 20% for middle class and 2% for the wealthy, the wealthy save more money. It's math.
@POTUS GOP plan works! JFK, RR, enacted tax cuts & created jobs & wealth 4 American familys! RR created 20M jobs & GDP ave 7.8%! BHO - DEBT!
I'd put money on it that Chuck has an accountant & financial advisor & probably doesn't even balance his own checkbook & he knows best?
Surely not bipartisan. Where have you last 8yrs. never saw tax plan from Dems. Your assess is fake news. Assumptions. No Econ growth added
Thank you Senator for exposing this abusive and clear attempt to rob our American citizenry !
Democrap liar and hypocrite
I think swamp gas chuck is a bot he's done nothing about the problem but finds wrong with anyone who tries. Just like with healthcare
ftnshmu!-HOW-canitbe
bipartisan(bp)wenfor
past8-bp=bipolar!&also
UR-GOP-ASSESS-IS
WRONG!nothingunusual!
shedur-revenge-hopon
potustrainmaga!
Well, the GOP doesn't do bipartisan things unless they want to blame the Democrats for the results. Be damn glad it's not bipartisan.
ALERT → Tmrw Senate vote could mean an end for #netneutrality rules, the principle that the internet should be free & open. VOTE NOTHX
Does Schumer have a plan? Likely not. Schumer needs to do more than bloviate.
Schumer lies about everything so his constituents will keep following him!
Until Chuckie is willing to let his fellow Democrats vote anything other than no, he just yelling into the wind.
Schumer is a disgrace to us all
Deficits are caused by your love of over spending. Taxation is taking money from ppl that have no interest in giving it to you
CHUCK, TELL THE TRUTH! Reform will take away your SLUSH FUNDS!
The party that passed Obamacare cannot say the phrase, "blows a huge hole in the deficit" with any shred of credibility.
Total lie. Just hell bent on obstructing POTUS and 64 million of us.
Old tired dem mantra. Try focusing on what you would do differently and debate respectfully in the senate
Why are you not pressuring the big bank to help Americans in PR after American taxpayers bailed them out? Why is it always a 1 way street?
Don't believe political "hacks."  Voice what you want to your Congress Representative. They vote against us, we vote them OUT of Office.
@mattgaetz Pls read & learn about @gop horrific tax bill. @tedlieu : "It's dead on arrival." #Try4BipartisanSupport 4 once.
I bet you’ve already sent these lame talking points to @JimmyKimmelLive

.@nedryun: "We have a sitting Democrat US Senator on trial for corruption and you've barely heard a peep from the mainstream media." 
Question about the proposed tax bill  to anyone who knows .  If  reconciliation rules says a bill must not expand a deficit beyond a 10....
year span, how can a bill legitimately  pass unless it has a legitimate CBO score to assess it's impact?
I am asking this because GOP wants to remove the CBO requirement before a vote.
More.lies.chuck. drain the swamp. N
Deficit is no problem, just cut spending enough to cover it.
But that is too easy.   We must do everything the hard way.
More tax.
Since when do libs care about the deficit. Obama in eight years doubled the deficit
No it does not stop your lying ways
That's with the Democrats always say it's always a page out of their book when something is good for all they don't get it
What else do you expect Chuckie to say?  TERM LIMITS
Schumer’s a liar.
There than that, it seems ok
Chuck has to education in economics or business management. His opinion is worthless. And has no facts other than spin
He is however a very skilled liar & demagogue, so he has that going for him
Damn Chuckie, you Dems spout the same BS every time there's a discussion on tax reform
 Doncha got nothing else? TERM LIMITS
If @SenSchumer says it you can bet the opposite is true
Same talking point for last 35 years
Well said!
Really, what part is true, please explain
He should be happy he as been ripping off Americans since he was elected and still is
Tell us how letting people keep more of their hard earned money is ripping them off?
@jdickerson allowed @chuckschumer to filibuster without asking any substantive  questions, whereas he pressed @SpeakerRyan for details.
Ryan has the plan so explanation is warrented from him..too bad he lied about impact but at least he's on record lying, again
B.S.  Schumer is LYING through his teeth.
@amyschumer fair point. Hope this will be on your next Netflix special
Some people actually believe what Chuck Schumer says.
Right, b/c only people who already have money can create jobs when provided with government funding, er, #taxcuts.
What is Trump great at-taking $$ from hard working paychecks to give to the wealthy.
Tell us how he does that, I am waiting for my check.
The democratic party needs to be tarred and feathered... The true traitors of America
Not to mention the Fed is doing the opposite with Monetary policy. So as Fiscal policy pumps more money in, the Fed will just take it out.
Schumer is LYING THROUGH HIS TEETH.
Reporters, police in P.R., and Puerto Ricans are indicating Mayor of San Juan is a Liar.
Chuck 
Other than that, he likes it!!!
