This "feels" very orchestrated to me... like Russian government orchestrated. Wouldn't put it past putin to sacrifice his own people.
Thank you for having the decency and compassion to offer kind words to the victims and their families ....  crickets from #POTUS45 #Russia
You actually think he really gives a shit?
Need to check the Russian connection between Russia and Schumer.
Careful you'll be accused of a relationship with Russia
Who t u kidding u hate the Russian s cut the bull
How about saying Radical Islamic Terrorists?!?!
How about the innocent Syrians who were gassed today? 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oE6YjYyH1c …
Schumer you just sent well wishes to Russia . Be careful you might get accused of being in bed with the Russians !
Read outloud the constitution during the filibuster maybe someone will listen. Thank you
A filibuster on this one means they haven't read the Constitution. Schumer voted yes before. He should vote yes again.
Chuck, HELP US! I know u do more than ur share, but his many articles of impeachment ha
This hypocrite is all for radical Islam immigration into the U.S.
Hope your left wing trolls are reading your sympathy to Russia tweet  because they are bashing Trump for doing same!
One minute Schumer wants war with Russia next he's crying for them. Cries for everyone except Americans. Bipolar and anti American. Resign!!
Schumer sis communicating with Russians. Stop the press. Oh, he's above the law. My bad.
Trump trolls are really out today. Yikes!
Part of the 1000's of Russian propaganda bots.
And if it were up to you Chuck, you would let these murders immigrate to U.S by tomorrow.
How can you offer sympathy to Russia...and you allow illegal criminal aliens to stay in America...liar and hypocrite!
My bet is Putin's hand is in this. Was there a target of investigation witness on board? Or just distraction from protests?
Classy response... we almost forgot what taking the high road looks like! #humanity #thankyouChuck
My prayers are for you Chuck, may your mind turn from your evil desires and your heart be set toward serving instead of your hypocrisy.
Chuck, your Hypocrisy is showing
Stop crying and start doing your job and help trump.
It'll never happen. Democrats only care about drama, lies and reelection.
It's probably Putin. False Flag. Be on the lookout for 45 to do same here, or start war with N.Korea to deflect from #TraitorTrump #Impeach
Good God! You put koolaid on your Cheerios don't you!
Are focus should be with the American people, deceived daily by our politians. To be a leader you  must lead join the GOP for a better US
Ah! Now look who is supporting Russia! If Trump had said this you would condemn him.
please resign now  fake
Dear Lord Bless them
It's a damn shame you weren't in that subway.
fake
You mean the Islamic terrorists
Oh please! You don't care about anyone but yourself! You're just as fake as the mainstream media!
I think this is a Russian bot account
And what would that justice be?
If you want to send thoughts and prayers? Do it on your own page why do it on here?
Jared Kushner's on it..
THING democraps do backfires in your faces
the VICTIMS of the people who lose a loved one to the hands of a non citizen Do your job instead of whining and do it right for once
Is this coming from someone who is sending prayers to Russia? That is calling the kettle black, worry about the immigrants that are crimnals
Hey Chuckie are you coloring with the Russians? Offering them prayers and condolences looks like your in the Russians pockets!
Prayers of an apostate fall upon deaf ears.
Russia will bring them to justice, unlike the liberals in this country. We all send prayers and good wishes to the dead and injured.
Nice thought but you don't care anymore about those people than you do the American people.
you are such a fake, let's worry about the poor people of the US not having adequate health insurance!!
My guess is an Extreme Islamic terrorist. You know the kind Trump is trying to vet before they do the same in our country. #SchumerSucks
Rice scandle & all u got is um , oh prayers for Russia ? U split toung lier
What about the people of Cook county, worry more about the US
Fake Senator rushes to gush.
Will you go on national TV and cry about this too? Or was Trumps travel ban more upsetting?
But it's fine w you to let invetted aliens come to the US if it suits your political babble
All about votes! He doesn't care if Americans die. He's interested in a pay check and a little power! Right chuck.
Why don't I believe you? Oh that's right, #YouLie
Chuck we know you don't pray except to saul alinsky.
Damn Chuck. You must be a Russian agent.
Putin killed his own people I heard. I think foxnews broke that story.
Yes and again...U r stupid enough to let it happen in the USA!  U snake 
Bought to justice? Sounds right!
Amen. God bless the families and loved ones of those left behind to suffer so great a loss.
Senator do you and your DEM and media cronies plant to blame @realDonaldTrump  and Russian interference for the tragedy? Ask Susan Rice
You In Cahoots with Russia now ain't you Schumer how much you getting paid to try to stop Trump
Hey Chuck.  You have a little bit of a soul.  That's good to know.  Now start doing your job for this country for once.
Should we all put a Russian Flag for our profile pic?
I am always with Senator Schumer! If he says "our" then he speaks for me as well as an American citizen. trump has no right to speak for me!
(2/2) by criminal illegal immigrants? You protect them over us NYC citizens and your voters. You are betraying us and ur promise to protect.
(1/2) Chuck, why aren't your prayers with NYC constituent family members (wives, daughters, sons) who have been raped, robbed, and murdered
You know Putin did this. Maybe Putin should run as a Democrat next election. He doesn't care about his people either. "GO Putin" 2020 4 Pres
In Putin's hometown, with him there...meanwhile the "president" tweets about Hillary and the debate!!
@nfb11 Damn, that sounds presidential.  Too bad we don't have anybody with decorum in that position
what happened to your death to russia campaign?
Putin now gets muslim war & his idiot trump 2 Nuke cloud Isis/muslims 4 utimate collusion narrative changer. G.O.P. stuck on greed Unreal!!!
Thank you for placing politics second and the concern for people of the world first. We all need to take this time to care for others.
I wish ours President was as eloquent and genuine in his comments about this attack.
I hope so too especially if it was putin himself
How come there are no prayers from you Chuck for the families who have lost loved ones because of illegal immigrants !!
this is hogwash coming from you. you don't have a sympathetic or caring bone in your body for anyone! @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Ive never seen so many Americans hating other Americans ..very sad. Thank you @SenSchumer for your outstanding and compassionate leadership
@5 Spring St. 10012 we feel the pressure of extremism too.
Wow we need to investigate schummer  he's sending condolences stupid statement right just as stupid as the ones being made about Trump
Why do you even care? All you care about is the Russia Trump connection which there isn't one.
SUSAN RICE corrupt!
isnt that like condemning your brothers in arms you traitor. Americans know where your allegiance lies and its not with america
It could happen here too, if so, you're an accomplice.
You hunker in ad nauseum invited. Go away!!!
You show up too much negatively, we the Amer. Ppl are sick of you. Why the NY ppl vote for u is unfathomable. For sure it is rigged.
Our "president" did not even send out a tweet about this.  Your words are appreciated, I'm sure.
Thank you for commenting on this tragedy
Send Trump to Russia!
If POTUS tweeted this exact message what would Democrats say?
Your thinking of the American legal system. Bought LoL.
@SenSchumer how does it feel to have so many people fllw you just to troll? Uggg.
There you go again, Chucky: colluding with the Russians. I demand an investigation as to why you are pretending to have a soul!
Isis claimed responsibility.
Likely Putin's work to solidify need for a strong man and dampen down protests.
RUSSIAN COLLUSION! That's what you'd yell to @realDonaldTrump tweeting that. SAD!
Can we have our #MuslimBan yet?
These attacks are not carried out by Hindus,  Sikhs,  Jews or Christians they are carried out by the 100,000s of Muslims u  want in USA.
I thought they were the enemy
I know it hurt you to write this after all the ish you have been talking you clown!
I though you hated Russia and all you fake
I don't remember hearing you send out prayers to the Bengazi victims
But you never sent prayers to the families in the Bowling Green massacre...you're a hypocrit Russian loving fuck. You're not not #maga

Your an embarrassment to the real people of NYC, and will be in the history books
Please don't act like you give a crap about the attack in Russia OR the people...

Like you care, looking for the swift removal of your seat
You don't speak for the American people because you DO NOT represent us. We can speak for ourselves, and you cannot accept it
Seriously? You & your gangster colleagues use contact with any Russian national to fabricate conspiracy, but today you care about them?
Russian connections? Pot, meet kettle. #PutinsWH #traitors #MKATE #TrumpRussia
Wow, sending messages to Russian government, call the special prosecutor, quickly before this message disappears
My prayers go out to those innocents killed in Mosul.  The perps slaughtering Iraqis must be brought to justice as well.
What about the hundreds of Iraqi civilians killed by our bombs Iraqi officials said under Trump the rules of engagement have relaxed
An Iraqi woman injured in attack said she could feel the fire & smell the burning meat of the bodies of civilians including children OUTRAGE
Trump did it.
You tweeted this last? Why? I understand you hate Putin, but why the Russian people?  You are such a fake. Will you go on TV & fake cry?
The perpetrators are dead. The people behind the perpetrators are sending more of them thru our porous borders and to the sanctuary cities.
And that, my friend, is the message you have to repeat day after day after day. Politicians will cry in disagreement but continue......
..to send our Military to war against a country because we want oil
Geez that the dumbest thing I've heard. Despite wars we have not  taken oil from anyone,fact is theres a glut of oil in the market worldwide
We not taking oil.  We want oil.  Despite 9/11 we all still best buds with Saudi Arabia
Other reasons,  not oil.  Sometimes you work with the guys playing both sides of the fence.
Are they paying your bills check it going what are you care about Russia been blaming him for weeks
what about your team spying on @realDonaldTrump how much did you know ? @FloydBethel1 you know he knows
Someone investigate this tweet! Sounds like Chuck is a Putin sympathizer!
priceless coming from a man who wants war with them..
Sending prayers
the travel ban against people who might want to potentially carry out these acts on American soil is MEAN SPIRITED.
Schumer is a Russian sympathizer
i'm sure you meant "brought to the States" rather than "brought to justice".
#Impeach45 #TREASON
we lift our prayers up with you Chuck
Acts 2:38
Then Peter said to them, “Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the [1/2]
remission of sins; and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. [2/2]
