We remain committed to fighting back against travel bans & Muslim bans. Thank you to everyone joining us in this fight. #NoBanNoWall
Chucky, why do you think a person who is in USA illegally is here to make sure better life.

Why are illegals more important than Americans
Opposing Trump isn't enough.
At some point we have to take care of us ( USA ) first since nobody else including you Mr Schumer is doing it.
Travel Bans keep people out of our country who want to do us harm or kill the infidel.


#Enough
As the world is a living Hell of horrors, you proclaim innocence of some of the most vile human beings. USA  1st
Umm...I think they are in place to keep undesirable people out of the US.  They can make a better life for themselves elsewhere.
safety of americans is a first priority
Ç

You're obsessed with dark skin, Schumer!  F*** OFF!!!!!  
don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
They also discriminate sgainst would be terrorists. We don't need people like you protecting the terrorist.
safety first
But you're perfectly willing to put those very same American families lives in danger from terrorists, gee thanks.
14% of our population are immigrants. 20 years ago it was 4%. It’s time to slow the flow. We can only absorb so much culture assimilation HC
Clue #1: unless your name is Sitting Bull or Chief Hosa, you are an immigrant.
We are conquerors not immigrants. There are 350 million of us now not 10 million like there were when my grandfather arrived.
What's rattling around in your head? Not a brain, apparently...

We got to 350M by ALLOWING immigration.

Asinine.
The American people DO NOT agree with you Chuck. Get a grip!
Right chuck but what about that one that comes in and blows up hundreds my wife and children what will you tell me We can’t take a chance?
not
schumer,pelosi,& MCCAIN are all assholes. Yall couldn't carry trump's jockstraps.. best leader we erer had..
NO, it bans those who are trying to kill me - and 300 million other Americans.  Chuckie, go to ISIS, you belong with them.
Come here legally
do you not think there are enough people in this country trying to make a better life for themselves too

chuckles the ass clown can u guarante those coming here r who they say they r I don't think so. Safety oftheAmericanpeople should b#priority
You Dems were pretty tight lipped when Obama signed a travel ban! Just saying
Thanks Chuck. Keep fighting for all immigrants.  Most of Americans forgot that their forefathers were also immigrants.
Yeah that makes sense. chuck really please get an education it’s embarrassing
When will you focus your energies on Americans?
What about us American citizens
Why do liberals care more about immigrants wanting to better their life then th Americans they screw over???
What is wrong with you DIMMS?  Every country in the world has strict immigration laws.  We need to know who’s coming into our country
I don’t remember you complaining about Obama’s travel bans
Race baiter
Please retire. You're not making good decisions for Americans.
And when it happens here again...you liberals will own it. Do you understand? You will own it.
What about the rest of us and our safety?  You're turning your back on millions of hard working tax paying Americans.  Nonsensical!
Its a new story from you now chuck you hypocrite
Stop sacrificing our security to play to your base.
Stop your partisan BS
WE need to protect our borders.  We can't let the whole world come here.  There are not enough resources right now to take care of the poor.
You let them break the law . To them your a traitor.
F U
Chuck love you keep up the good work...I know it is not easy!!
got to hell schumer
somebody fucking save us already
We need one for you so you can’t get back in
I'm from NY! We want u out of office! You r the reason we want term limits! Stop going against trump and start doing ur job already!!!
How do we get u out of office?? U r destroying our government! Ur interest isn't in helping the American people! U need to go!
NO! The travel ban from countries that r known to hate Americans are protecting the people that live here! U need to retire already!
The HI partisan, hack judge will be overturned by @Scotus again. #fakenews
Where the hell was the Legislative Branch the last 2 Administrations on a Legit Immigration Bill. DOING NOTHING OF COURSE.
Just tying to keep us safe Chuck.
Hes doing them a favor because most of them when they get here will realize that what they are running from has become the Democratic Party of the US.. multiple Asian immigrants have compared this “progressive” aka socialist movement to communism under disgraced regimes..
On the AMERICAN TAX PAYERS DIME. COSTING TAX 500,000.00 per family of 4
Stfu
Not true, but u only care about power, so u have to say this to drive a wedge.  Common sense vs power corruption. U lose!
No it doesn't...
why do Dems like S Brown want tax increases on Ohio voters
why to Dems like S Brown want tax increases on Ohio voters and
You are one pathetic elected official. Anything to block @POTUS and his accomplishments. How much did they pay you to commit treason?
Back down, Im sure it was difficult for Chuck to decide between the lives of American children vs the rights and feelings of foreigners
Don’t forget it discriminated against terrorist too. Ha ha
No just keep out visa fraud, terrorist and democrat voters.
schemer doesnt care about anyone
Yes, we should let anybody in the country. Then we can all be attacked in the streets, concerts, ran over etc., like Europe.
Why don’t you focus on what you were sworn into office to do.
Will you tweet this again when SCOTUS overturns the clearly political ruling ?
Not a muslim ban !!
Bullshit...blocked by liberal judge with a political agenda and friends in high places
Securing the company is more important than you pandering to your hideous liberal base.
bull
No only countries where terrorists come from. Nice lie tho
So says chucky the big obstructionist. #worktogether
NO IT DOESNT!  IT PROTECTS AMERICANS!!!
you place citizen safety second to a political attack on trump
I’m OK with the Americans part but the others just trying to make a better life doesn’t mean they can come here
What don’t you understand Chucky. They are ILLEGAL! They shouldn’t be here...
a better life at our expense. het chuckeee we the people come first, did you forget?
Cry us a river chuck.
Be sure and tell that to the families of the thousands killed on 9/11
you just don't know when to keep your mouth shut  Huck. Please retire.
No they don't. Liar!
If you're a terrorist, you don't belong in this country,you yahoo!
REALLY? This is a temporary moratorium. Vetting BEFORE they arrive in YOUR country is an important security procedure.
Do you think this blowhard cares about the American people he is so phony and the people who don't see through him R going to be let down
When did those people become protected classes
Chuck when will you start caring about your constituents and stop with this nonsense????
Muhahahaaa another convoluted tweet from a less than honorable representative from my state!
Sen Scummy, why do you want to endanger Homeland AMERICANS by opposing The Travel Ban? Defend America!
Schumer,  U would rather have AMERICAN CITIZENS SUFFER,  rather than working with OUR PRESIDENT! #DESPICABLE
They have no right to be here. If allowed in our country there should be a good reason. Stop the lies @SenSchumer
What? Your entire statement is not factual. It's about properly vetting who enters America. No different than any other country does.
So sick of your LIES!Travel ban is NOT AGAINST AMERICANS! stop spreading YOUR HATE! #LIAR
No it doesn't but you are too ignorant to understand.  FAKR LAWYERS SUCK AT GOVERNANCE
why are nt you concerned about families in the USA chuck?
You are so fake chucky !
Thanks for that random thought of the day Chuck.
In his case daily BS!
You & the courts discriminate against the American people who don’t want #ISIS style attacks on our soil! #Liar #RESIGN & get outta the way
Chuck he doesn't care about people.  Do you get it?  He doesn't care about fair.
They also protect us against terrorist and othe evils. You Liberals just don’t get it. Look at history CHUCKIE you are a liar and a hypocrit
Clinton and Russia? Lolol hush we won't tell
New York State empoyees are banned from paid travel to North Carolina. Do something about that!

Say that to those that got shot up in CA DMV
No, travel bans r in place 4 national security as ANYONE can b a terriorist trying 2 destroy r way of life-stop the talking points Senator

1.5+ Muslims on earth. How many r terrorists? The 9th Circuit Fed Appellate Crt found this restriction as a ban n Muslims, plain & simple
Can I pick and choose which laws I want to follow because to me that sounds like the Democratic way
Now why do we have less terrorists attacks than any other country? Oh travel bans and immigration control.
No travel bands are to protect American people. Your precious Obama had travel bands when he was president. So quit being a hypocrite
people trying to make a better life for themselves, same reason people rob banks
Obama administration so corrupt! The Russians colluding with who Chuck ? And millions of dollars went where Chuck? Oh Clinton Foundation

Travel bans are put in place to keep terrorist out so they don't fricken kill us!
I am shocked and discouraged by most of the responses to your tweet. So sad.
#FIXIT!
Seriously?  Families are great but letting TERRORISTS in is against the country's interest.  WHY are you AGAINST this country?
Let's hear some outrage over the way Trump treated the widow today. Call for investigation of Niger. He's distracting again. STREET FIGHT.
How about giving that $ assistance to Chicago ghettos?  Why are immigrants more important than our natural born citizens living in poverty?

BOOM. CLINTON/Russia http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration …
WHINE!!
Thats not what you said a few years ago hypocrite.
How does travel ban hurt American families? Your importation policy on immigrants w/o vetting endangers all citizens. Dems are delusional!
You DEMS just love welfare over loaded with more welfare people. Wake the hell up.
Impeach this ignoramus judge violating the Constitution.
BS, we cannot support people coming into our country who cannot contribute to the economy to run the country. Send them the hell home.
Your plan to allow anyone in to create Dem voters is a failure. When will you idiots see the folly of illegal illiterates burdening economy?
@POTUS is discrimination personified against every single, decent human impulse and action. He is an abomination.
Chuckie  you don’t care about the safety of legal Americans to live here. All you care about is votes
He’s crying again
Chain migration is not a good thing generally
Hey Chucky, WHO ISN'T trying to make a better life for themselves. We should then just let everyone & give out free stuff
Do you lock your home? Do you allow anyone to come in? Is an unknown person allowed to enter your home and expect you to take care of them?
No it helps protect families from terrorist coming here to hurt Americans  old Chuckie boy
You gotta have brown eyes chuck
CHUCK the Weasel is a liar and jepordizes our security. Hang for TREASON
LMAO
Ok "Chuck-hold", let's let EVERY ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE IN AND SEND THEM STRAIGHT TO NEW YORK AND MAKE THEM LIVE IN YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD
Dems are sabotaging American safety
You dont know what Americans want. Stop the BS how do you sleep at night? Your part of the swamp. We need new blood in congress. Retire
The travel ban discriminates against Americans. Chucky please just once back your crap with fact. Just once!
And keep trash out of the country! You are the perfect example of why we need term limits!!!

Let them make their better life in their own country.
Alert: Schumer seems to forget who flew those planes into the towers -Muslims .  They should be carefully screened. But Chuck is not pro USA
You’re ridiculous.
U make me sick
Travel bans are a safety tool for a president to use to keep the country from harm!Your resistance is a tool to harm your own country! Shame
Yea,let's let everyone in ,murderers,terrorists, rapists,all are welcome,all are welcome
Trump will win again
If they are Americans there is no ban.

U lie try the truth for a change what kind of lie are going to say when they kill American citizens
Bull stop the charade Chuck. Just a backstop to pad your voter rolls Mao Ze Chuck. What is your real game?
Chuck / LEGAL IMMIGRATION... like the rest of us who came here!!!!!!!!
Dems are done Chuck. Hillary and Obama sold out the U.S. and the FBI covered for them. What a disgrace to this country.
Europe is exactly why we don't want it, get a clue Chuckie
Wrong. We don't want radical Islamic extremism in our country! Where is your outrage over the fact christians are being slaughtered there?
Patriots have never seen such resistance to safety. Schumer’s allegiance clearly isn’t with the United States. He is an American traitor.
dishonest tweet.U know all pres is trying to do is keep us safe.if u disagree u should travel to each of the countries on list for vacation
They are not Americans
POS
VOTE SCHUMER OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN
And those trying to kill us, don’t forget them
We want security. Do your job . Think about the people not your party.
Get a better message Schumer
If they were American than they wouldn't be banned..
