Argument: Even people who wanted Comey fired are upset about this timing.
Timing is related to the Deputy AG's appointment being held up by the dems. He started his job 2 weeks ago.  1st task was dealing with Comey
lol - finish huffing the tube of glue - the lack of oxygen is key to your logic
Mr. Rock! When presented with the facts you resort to slander. Would this be an indicator of your intelligence?
Trump said I was right on tv tonight.
Trump attacked Sen Blumenthal today, I'm furious! Impeach this commie!
For telling the truth about Blumenthal?  Give me a break
It makes me sad that so many idiots and bots use " grandma" in their fake names. Real old people are not stupid
He who laughs last laughs best!  
Blumenthal apologized and DID, in fact, reach the rank of sargent in the Marines!NOT A DRAFT DODGER!Trump can't say sorry, that takes a man.
And only because he got a very low number in the lottery
They flat out called for his firing just recently  So no not the Clinton email scandal  he lied to them they called for him to be fired
Also two things can be true! I can think he mishandled Clinton case AND think the timing of this firing is extremely suspect!
You are relying on logic too much to engage with Trump supporters. Remember they believe Fox News, Breitbart, Info Wars & RT.
Turtles are often slow to catch up.
If you're implying Comey was fired to stifle a bogus Russia investigation, you must also believe in Big Foot & Loch Ness Monster.
is an anti-Semite
@SenateMajLdr is complicit! Please help us Senator! This is a GOP coup! Please don't let them get away with this!
I am LIVID. And terrified & heartbroken. Somebody has to do something.
BINGO ! and hence that is why it is obstruction:

@TheDemocrats wanted him fired at that time but @GOP said NO! Now that we R hot on the heels of the lying traitor @realDonaldTrump they do??
I've watched hours of news over the last several years, and never heard of any D's asking for firing Comey. Some just didn't like anncmts.
he sought fame and now pays the price. i dont care if he is in or out. i just care if congress will get the dictator wanna be out n save USA
VP Pence is no angel, he knew abt Flynn fr beginning just like he knew trump was behind Comey. He Lies just like the rest of them.
He got fired for too many bad mistakes and calls HE made. Nail in coffin was using the word "conceal" in last week's testimony
Now I understand why @POTUS44 didn't fire Comey.  He must have been livid about HRC email but he knew #Trumprussia was in flight.
The Hill couldn't handle the TRUTH...it would dismantle the whole organization
And then respected his investigation of Russian collusion w Trump. We call that ability to distinguish good and bad "discernment".
Poor Mitch, his wife works for the guy. They love the two income household, don't rock the boat.
Exactly. Comey was wrong on HC, but what Trump just did was an act of treason.
And just how do you know that? Were you there when he made the final decision? Show your proof otherwise it's just liberal dribble.
I have a bridge to nowhere that I'd like to sell you.
And for months, Democrats have been able to see Comey as an upholder of our cherished institutions.
Of course not. But sadly, Trump has a strong argument at hand. Too many Clintonites demanded that Comey should be fired. That backfires now.
Can you do anything? Do GOP senators ignore this stuff? I can't wrap my head around their turning a blind eye to such treasonous behavior.
TTR Reply:
Well said.
Law enforcement wanted him out yrs ago. Get a clue and stay off the msm bullshit. Libs are hypocrites
I don't particularly care for Hillary, but I never heard any on the left suggest Comey should be fired for his role in her loss.
Wrong. The mishandling of Clinton emails were weighed into the decision made by #RodRosenstein to recommend the dismissal of #JamesComey.
He wrongly exposed Hillary who he was investigating, took over the functions of the DOJ and made FBI political. Slowed down vetting process.
They need to be truthful Comey wasn't fired for emails he fired because he was investigating @realDonaldTrump & he refused to be loyal 2 him
They don't know the meaning of truthful let alone how to tell the truth. What is it now 3/4 different reasons why? I lost count.
"Conceal" the truth? When is silence about an active investigation "concealment?" Shame shame shame on loose lips Comey. Watch the testimony
Have either of you two #smucks read the DAG. letter to the @potus?...are you seriously going to comment on something you haven't even read?
@JohnJHarwood In the great words of another failed democrat, they voted against it before they voted for it Sounds familiar.
Us liberal dems know Comey may have helped Trump get elected,  but know he was the last with power that had a conscience! Now delay delay...
You are correct.
and anyone who doesn't get that needs medical attention.
Is being Republican a condition that can be cured?  Seems like Dems think in a logical way & Repubs have problems with that.
Trump
•Formal Criminal Probe Trump/Russia
•Grand Jury Subpoenas
•Financial Ties Trump/Russia
•Fired Comey
•Met with Lavrok/Kislyak at WH
They did..but no one said to fire him.  Trump did it to obstruct justice.
When is the impeachment march? Make America Normal Again!  What Are U Waiting For People? Don is a Con #impeachmentmarch #ComeyFiring
Correct
He got fired for being a incompetent, Compromised ASS!
You Dems make me laugh. so it was ok for him to refuse to investigate who released the unmasked names? No that's defying a direct order!
Firing Comey as per Dep. AG two days after Comey asks DepAG for more funds to investigate. Isn't that DepAG and Pres impeding investigation?
Make Comey special prosecutor!  #comey #specialProsecutorComey #Trumprussia
Is there suspicion that Trump thought the people would support the firing because of Comey's reveal about Clinton prior to the election?
He did get praised for it, tho...by our very own Orange Fuckpustule.
go do something substantial instead of talking crap!!! #Russianocollusion
Gop thought process is a blunt instrument.
he got fired because he wasnt doing his job. most people will
Not the point. It's timing. Trump trying to slow down investigation. He is in trouble. Acting guilty
Your missing the point. It's all about timing and trump feeling the walls are coming down.
Put that Turtle on a fence post!
Doesnt matter. he is gone, u lose again!!
That was then this is now you hypocrite.
True. Thank you. Just another distraction.
It's such a childish deflection. Amazing that they think that deflection would work; and amazing that it actually does work on some people.
We were angry for what he did to Hillary Clinton. After 11-8 why even bother because we couldn't have Hillary as President
#ImpeachTrump
@mercedesfduran @Yeah, but Trump fired Comey because Comey's investigation was closing in on Trump. It's a cover up.
At this point can't we just hv 2 Americas? One 4 the corrupt & inept GOP & the other 4 every1 else? Just give them the Southern red states?
But u Dems called for his head back in Oct/Nov. u ppl r hypocrites.
If the FBI concludes no Russian-Trump team link a few months from now, what then is the reason for Comey's firing?
Once again, thank you for your clarity!
Ingenious: Trump/Pence duo: 'good cop-pence / bad cop/trump'. Funniest part is trump has no clue he is being played out of WH by PENCE.
McConnell is right - Democrats criticized Comey for mishandling Clinton email case and Trump fired him when he got it right.
It's like the Life of Brian here, we're crucifying the wrong guy for the wrong reasons.
Exactly, the democrats know why he got fired.McConnell should be very upset about this.It cuts all of their credability. #SpecialProsecutor
Trump fired him to stop his investigation the whole world knows!
THERE'S NOT A GOP REPUBLICAN IN WASHINGTON THAT CAN TELL THE TRUTH!
He got fired for protecting his own rear end from Hillary.  And he was not doing his job as good as he should.
if HRC is the reason, which was not, #JeffSessions has broken the law! He recused himself @hearings of anything HRC & Russia! LOCK HIM UP!
Mc Connell needs to go this is all cause of president Obama how sad.
Yeah, we criticized. We wanted answers then and we want even MORE answers now.
We are right in criticizing he handling of questions about Hillary Clinton's emails that had already been gone through & that this firing is
A farce and Fancy of a dangerous man.
Again if Democrats didn't have a double standard they would have no standards at all 
So right !!!
Suits you sir
If you didnt see his inability to lead the FBI through both issues then you are blind. You conspiracy theories are pathetic at best.
How can u stand it? How do you walk among brain dead with smirks on their faces and not want to smack the shit out of them? How?
Trump fired Comey cause Russian Collusion Story was getting too close to Trump! Trump must be guilty!!!
Absolutely
There you go again Chris implying things that can't be supported. I can't wait to vote against you next election.
Criticism for mishandling something and firing are two very different things. Wish right wing media and GOP could understand the difference
McConnell trying to keep what little unity GOP has together. Trump is covering his ass. Time to put that con artist behind bars
Bullshit.
of course not. the WH insults our intelligence for thinking Americans would believe that lie. #ComeyFiring
What did he get fired for?
McConnell was not right!! Bcz this is a totally different situation. Last fall not same as 45's investigation.
LOCK HER UP..... CLINTON THAT IS
According to WH, Trump didn't fire Comey sooner because he took a wait and see attitude.

Code for "needed to see if  Comey would play ball"
I can't even believe @SenateMajLdr is trying to defend this.  WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE GOP?????
After subpoenas were issued, not the emails.. FFS! Wake up! He was literally praising him after the email 

trump should be stuffed and mounted in the Mix. Of Natural History.
Mitch McConnell is a soulless automaton devoted purely to the accumulation and preservation of political power.
No Shit shirley! Got fired cuz he dared to say anything. Negative about trump admin
DOJ comment line: 202-353-1555. CALL THEM!
Comey should have been fired by Obama last summer when he undermined HRC.
McConnell should not be allowed to make any decisions regarding any investigation in an administration his WIFE is part of.
Is it getting hot in here?! #45
CT voters wake up - our congressional delegation is enbarrassing especially Sen Murphy - have never seen more bitter partisan actions/words
Just an in-ur-face ploy to #theResistance 2 make it poetic justice. What a sham.
Yeah-that's not issue now. McConnell defending Drumpf/trump is not good. He's got to go too.
Im willing to bet it was on the list of reasons though.  You guys don't even have that list yet.  #SitDown
McConnell is right? To threaten to obstruct investigation?
that McConnell is correct in saying Democrats criticized Comey for mishandling Clinton email. BUT that is NOT the reason Comey was fired.
Even if i criticized comey's performance it is not the place of a subject of a criminal investigation to determine which cop goes forward.
I'm just going to leave this right here
Dem's stupidity of focusing on that instead of #Trumprussia
He got fired because he's allowing people send /share classified info. Which is against the law.
That is EXACTLY why Comey got fired.  Go read Rosenstein's memo
@maddow @Lawrence ...need special prosecutor!! Where are Comey's files? Who HAS them!..canNOT go into wrong hands.#Stribpol
Just when I thought I couldn't get more sick of the democratic party. I was surprised. They are to blame for all this chaos happening
Odd that #Trump believes that his failures prepared him for office (they did not), but #JamesComey's failures mean he should be fired.
Comey absolutely did & Trump greatly benefited from it. So clearly that's not why Trump got rid of him.
Dems wanted Comey fired,got mad cause he wasn't fired. Then he gets fired and dems get mad cause he got fired.Makes no sense
Doesn't comey have a case for wrongful termination?  SHS said it was because he went above AG and DAG.
It's absolutely laughable how EVERYTHING #Trump does he's lying but even when winning Lie of Year #Obama was soooo honest to you. #Hypocrite
Well,  its not like WE DONT WANT ONE!  CONGRESS WILL NOT ANSWER TO THE PPL, THEY HVE TO B REMOVED
@SenSchumer - #InvestigateMcConnell #TrumpRussia #McConnellRussia #PutinsPuppets #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachGOP
Charge Hillary with treason, arrest Rice and deport Obama! Then let's talk! Fast and Furious! Who killed the boarder agent! Do that too
Y did u want to Fire him? Y did 20 demos want to Fire him?  Hypocrites. It Lost!! Move on.
Right.  And pretending like you have a conscience over how you WON is pretty dishonest.  We get you, #45--you're not that complex.
HE GOT FIRED FOR NOT DOING HIS JOB DRAIN THE SWAMP
The only reason Trump was surprised by this reaction is because he has been carefully INSULATED from people like ME!  Fragile wuss!
Most sane people know that!
Critiquing a person and firing him to cover up treason are not comparable on any level.
They aren't mutually exclusive things. They can be angry over one while encouraging the other.
How the heck did Sessions get away with recommending this when he recused himself. He also lied before Congress -Charges!!
Comey gets fired, the next day the White House suggests we put this whole Trump/Russia investigation behind us! Hmmm..
Bottom line is AG serves at the pleasure of the President. Trump could have fired him for ZERO reasons.
EXACTLY! I no longer trust any investigation LED by any member of the GOP. @SenMarcoRubio, INDEPENDENT COUNSEL! Now! (Miramar, FL: Coward!)
Who cares why he got fired?  He looked like a nut in that last hearing.  I would have fired him just for that.
#Trump: Prove you’re really firing #Comey for targeting Hillary & handing the election to YOU: Fire yourself & concede election to H!
Comey should have been fired for handling Clinton email investigation because she is guilty but he can't find the evidences.
So, if Obama had fired Comey LAST YEAR, when all this "being mean to Hillary" BS HAPPENED, that would have been all good?
Yes....because he wasn't under FBI investigation for colluding with the Russians.

Sen Schumer, you are being called "Cryin" Schumer by the Pres of USA. I know, ridiculous & childish!! You can use my reply, Con Man Trump.
The GOP willful disregard for Trump's dodgey behavior is shameful.
Worse than Watergate!
@snooze_cat mishandling because he didn't prosecute HRC? I predict they are going after HRC emails again! Any thoughts?
It would go right along with Donald's promise to "lock her up." Maybe Sessions will locate someone who's willing to try.
exactly my point! Sessions could launch it himself since he isn't recused from this case.
Can u see it coming? Distract by indicting Clinton n putting her on trial. God I hope I'm not rt about this! Can u imagine the hearings?
@thehill Russian collusion case chasing Trump! Fires everyone investigating this case. Heat getting hotter Trump? Can't fire We the people!
Yeah and REPUBLICANS didn't. Until now, why is that Traitor @SenateMajLdr ?
