Dems should drop Obamacare & stop blocking single payer, which 2/3 of the country including more than 70% of Dems want.
You don't speak for me and no one I know wants single-payer or obamacare. It's TrumpCare all the way!!  Go @POTUS #MAGA
It doesn't matter if nobody you know supports it; 65% of Americans do. 70%+ of Dems/leaners and 40%+ of GOP/leaners.
America will join the rest of the developed world in having universal healthcare whether you like it or not, but I promise you'll like it
No I wont ... no choices  ... long wait timed for appointments  ... totsl garbage
You're describing how health care already works in America for most except it's multiple times more expensive
I had great healthcare before Obama ... government has no business in healthcare look at tge VA .... smh
Obamacare is a giveaway to the insurance industry that the industry exploited to jack prices up.
We will see. When will you start thinking about American first and then your party?
Can we agree that GOP need to understand that too.This is not a game, lives are at stake. With GOPs AHCA thousands of Americans will die.
I am an independent. I aways vote for the best candidate. I just don't want country 2 go socialist.
All 33 developed, capitalist, industrial countries offer universal health care, except the USA. Its not socialism, is a way to spend  1/2
spend less when ALL its citizens use preventive medicine, here most illnesses could be prevented if only All ppl had access to Health care.
Trouble of it is, want to give it to illegals also. We are in debt, big time. Can't support the world
Even if, it will be cheaper, USA spends almost twice per capita for health care than developed  countries. Here minors and elders 1/2
Are covered, we need to close the gap
Why now? Why didn't you do it with Obamacare? Too little too late Schumer.
If trumpcare is passed it will be too late. Can we agree that we need lower premiums, lower cost on  prescript drugs, lower deduct, now.
ACA is not perfect, it can be perfectible. Do not give in to AHCA. Single payer is an alternative wanted for millions of Americans.
You had your chance. It sucked. Dems lost. Deal with it.
We all lose with a crappy health care. Can we agree that we all, dems and republs, want affordable health care.
But the Dems hadn't done any of that while in power
Need to find a way to get govt out of the HC business altogether. They can't balance a budget, what makes any1 think they make insurance ok
Let's make it simple:  Medicare for all.
No thanks.
Wait I thought you and the dems were ready to work together with the president?  Obstructionist! For God's sake retire are ready
Where exactly is the health care in the Constitution again Crying Chuck?
how about you all work together and do what you get paid to do, sit on your tush and protest is not it
It's the insurance companies need to lower cost and make less profit
How old are you? These kids dont play well because theyre greedy...and some are working for satan to destroy humanity.
#GeorgiaGuidestones
Now you want to reduce premiums. Why you did not work on this when Barack Obama was president. You democrats are so crooked
Why didn't the ACA do that ?
All Swamp Dwellers both Democrats & GOP need to sit down & fix it!
Fix it, you should ALL have it, NO EXEMPTIONS!
We wouldn't be having this debate if democrats fought for public option. Democrats also deserve blame for the mess we're in. Smh.
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy
ObamaCare will bankrupt the government. Robbing Peter to pay Pail politics.  Pathetic.
Or just take you slimey politicians out of our health care business! You like your greedy pockets lined, too much to be trusted!!!
Prescription drugs would be cheaper if the pharmaceutical companies weren't paying of democrats.
It's the Dems who are not willing to work together at the beginning, you guys want to keep Obamacare, & defend it at all times. We suffer
You mean like Obama worked with @GOP on Obamacare? Yeah right
Senate Dems DO NOT want to work w/ Prez Trump. Do your job! Your Obozo ruined healthcare he has to clean up Dems garbage now
Terrrt
So, Senator, you finally acknowledge Obamacare has failed. No mention of the exchanges closing tho'.  What to do about availability?
Why? GOP only interested in creating tax cuts 4 very wealthy. Rest of their constituents R no concern to them. GOP forgets they work for us.
Yes.. please work on something good idea. All you do is complain.Obama care is a joke and needs to be repealed regardless.
Schumer was at the WH night of Benghazi attacks. WH logs show he was  there until 12AM. Schumer part of  coverup.
Mr Schumer. Trumpcare not the problem. Obama care is failing period. If this doesn't get fixed with the help of Dems, bye bye in 2018
Keep dreaming.... Only true fix is single-payer so insurance/drug companies lose their control...
Be realistic, we all want single payer, but right now is not going anywhere. GOP is majority. Right now we have to defend and improve ACA.
Mr. Schumer the behavior of your party under your leadership will be great motivation to help #WeThePeople #DumpTheDems. #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Y u claim O care is Great!
So now you are admitting Obamacare isn't working? About time.
You're the ones responsible for the bill that's failing, no thanks
Let's improve ACA, not repeal/replace it. #Trumpcare #ACA #healthcare
It's Not Trumpcare Idiot! "American HealthCare" That's what Democrats should have done. Practice what you Preach! Obamacare spells Penalties
Except they don't gave to school yard bullies
"Trebek, I'll take '@TheDemocrats are Non-Negotiable Buffoons' for one-hundred."
No one cares what you think Chucky - you are as corrupt as the day is long
You've already bitten Americans once on reducing premiums. You and "have to pass it Pelosi" not going to bite us twice.
if the ACA was such a great law, why is it broken after only 4 years?
Why didn't you get rid of high costs B4 DJT? Nope, don't do it GOP, get rid of Ocare I'm sick of the high premiums.
The Dems should drop you, moron ! What a lying loser you are. First class POS !!! If your mouth is open, you have to be lying. Just trash RU
Because the Dems were so great at creating a plan in the first place, right? #TryingToFixDemScrewUp
If you all can work together and come up with something better, great. But you never worked with GOP with Obamacare.
Senate Dem's are on their way out the door, and I say good riddance. #ExDems4Trump2020
Affordable health care should not be a privilege but a right!  God bless you all for trying to keep America strong safe and free
I don't think any of Congress realize the level of hatred the American ppl have for you lying scumbags or how you are going to burn in hell.
Where was your concern when obama was in office? Non-existant! #hypocrite
I think we were better off beford the government stepped in to "help".
We were so much better off with obama care. I kept my doctor, I saved $2500 a year etc. Just like Obama said. Heyyyy wait a minute!
You didn't do it the first time, why should we trust you can do it now??? We are not stupid, Chuck!
Yes, a return to governing would be good.
How about they just drop Trump.
Drug companies and hospitals are virtual monopolies and the demand for them is inflexible not good for private markets setting prices.
Say goodbye to Obama legacy
@senrobportman I agree. Drop trumpcare. Let's have Medicare for  all
As for me, I am deeply a democrat; this is why I am in no way a socialist. Democracy and socialism cannot go together. #PCFACHISTS

Tonight I imagine @SenateDems are begging @SenateGOP to impeach this madman before it is too late. There will be an unspeakable event soon. 
No ... #RepealACA now you Schmuck .... it destroyed my healthcare
You DemicRATS did nothing when Obama was in office. Obamacare is very bad. Now you want to talk bad obout trump. YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE.
Republicans should not work with Dem's on anything ... elections have consequences ... we won and you lost!
Did u forget that u lost? U should be working with them to fix what ur party destroyed for us: Healthcare.
Yes, the Senate Dems did a fine job of reducing costs with Obamacare.  Just give Chuck one more chance.
Elections have consequences. Dems lost. Time for Dems to play nice with GOP for a change.
What are other options besides risk pools for pre-existing conditions? Lack thereof sunk #OCare & will sink any replacement.
you mean like senate dems worked with republicans on Obamacare.
SINGLE PAYER NOW!
Nah
Can never happen. The Dems are too partisan & the views about how Healthcare should operate are opposite ends of the spectrum.
It's about time the voters in your state drop you.
Why didn't you all do that when you controlled Congress rather than push over on us your version of "healthcare?"

Fix your blunders no way you who didn't work with them when you passed it.  You are a JOKE
Maybe you should get Obama care and see how much it will cost YOU!
Oh you mean like the Democrats worked with the Republicans when y'all put made that Crap Sandwich
well why the hell haven't you what the hell are we paying you for puke
Cost of premiums and out of pocket are a direct result of the ACA. The thing u don't want replaced
YES! Improve the Groundwork ObamaCare established! Could have Done that from the Beginning! They've been Released NOW! BI-Partisanship NOW!
You didn't work on lowering costs for 6 years after #ACA passed.
What part of "we are sick and tired of loony liberals, so we voted in Trump to undo everything they did" didn't you dipsh*ts understand?

Wow, you must be losing your ass to suggest that...that was all anyone wanted to begin with!  But Dems have to get off their high horse....
They should drop EVERYTHING until we have an open and legitimate investigation into this admins collusion w Russia
Dems should drop their paranoid Russian delusion and work with GOP for the good of the country. Take off your tin foil hats.
Dead wrong approach.
Chuck, you all got your chances to fix it. But didn't. Now sit down and wait for Obamacare to die. Nobody's business to fix it. THE NERVE!
#MedicareForAll
why would they won't to work with the resistance under Obama.The middle class got screwed paid the penalty on there taxes premiums doubled
And get rid of the #mandates? The most offensive part of government intrusion on my personal liberty? No? Of course not you #marxist stooge.
Don't do it Chuck. They will undermine you at the first possible moment. You can't trust them.

No the single payer approach that Obama care is the  foundation is the wrong approach we need to change that approach to a market basis
Scrap the proven worthless plan and start over, Obamacare is in a death spiral.
Since when have you ever offered?? Every statement that you've made to was to resist Trump and the Repub!!
Single payer!!!
Why should us working Americans pay for somebody that's able to work but doesn't. Elderly and children I understand.
No chuck. No.
Yep!! There it is!! Only as long as it is done your way. Well, you fouled up the last one. You are not writing this one!!
Just like you Dems reached out to Repubs for their opinion on how to make Obamacare better. Hypocrite!

This coming from the state with the worst health care. No coverage. Making a good student who was injured in a car wreck return to work.
No you should work with the Republicans to get it done right. X democrat
Why don't u start pitching ur ideas 2 the American people? @SenGillibrand started via twitter yesterday. W r all ears! Let's #savetheaca
The voice of reason! Thank you for protecting our healthcare!
@GOP is majority, has plan, trying to make America a better place &, America is behind the effort. Time to #getonboard
@HiMaui @SenateDems #TrumpDeathCare
@HiMaui @SenateDems AND COVER PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS!
MuslimCare has to be repealed
HMO'S are no longer taking care of Patients, Hospitals, Physicians, Nurses or tx team. Something got to give with salaries below!
I agree but think @SenateDems should propose some bills with fixes so they can create contrast and perhaps momentum
The @SenateDems should accept #ObamaCare doesn't work and learn to work with the #GOP...The #dems are killing the @DNC
You said the ACA was going to take care of all that but it did the opposite. You're not to be trusted. RESIGN!!!! #Independent voters!!!!!
In other words try and fix the POS you dumped on your fellow citizens?
Stop being obstructionist children and grow up and work with Trump.
Single payer is the way to go. We pay insurance too much to manage it.
Yeah surely you care. You are just looking for more Fake News to make.
Odd how you're suddenly all about working together
Chuckie Obama care is Dead get it through your thick head
Ok, @SenSchumer, where is your Plan so that I can read #ChuckyCare.
Why don't you work with GOP on the replacement bill?
You just want to keep Obama care to claim victory . Worry about Americans not politics!
Who won the election Sen Schumer? According to former PBO elections have consequences, I guess for Dems it's heads I win and tails u lose
You had your chance. Obama care, remember?
Sorry chuck you Democrats screwed health care up, there is no reduction in skyrocketing premiums because you killed competition.
Please keep fighting for us!
That would be easier, but you/Dems have to participate in the process instead of making obstruction your message.
Start proposing legislation even if they won't vote or if it will not pass, keep showing the country what a holes they are.
For once I agree with you...if only it could be done.  Both parties are a bunch of bone heads!
like the closed door you have them? How does it feel, chuckie boy?
Chuck u
Exactly what are customers of ObamaCare supposed to do in the meantime, Chuck? Ins cos pulling out, deductibles skyrocketing, premiums up?
Get rid of free insurance for the lazy class
That's like digging up the dead and giving it mouth to mouth. Pssst it won't work!
So we will not call it Obamecare NOR Trumpcare. It will nolonger be r/t a politician party. It will be AHCA for it's birth from bipartisan
Where have you been on fixing Obamacare for the past 4 years?  No where, so suck it up and let the GOP do their thing...yours did not work
No you need to stop calling it Trumpcare it base is still Obama care. The Rep are just taking it off hospice for was dying & giving it CPR
The dems are the reason healthcare is in the shape it's in now. Why in the hell would anyone want to work with the dems
You mean like paying the same low rates for medication like Canada? Imagine!!!standing up to big pharma for Americans
u had the chance to lead us in that DIRECTION FOR THE PAST 7 YEARS!! what did u do???==zip-zip-zip!
Excuse me, but since when does the "Losing Side" give ultimatums? U ppl better hop on board w the Reps.#2018
Drop Obamacare too - then create a plan that works for everyone!  Fix the medical Costs before creating an insurance plan
How many times have you gone and dropped anything you backed to work with the republicans? Zero sound close?
Talk to McConnell, talk to the news-force his hand to add WOMEN & DEMS to the committee! They should work w/ you, but we all know they won't
There is no way in help Obama care will ever give me back my money. So you help with the new bill and get it done
Get some diversity on the panel idiots!!!
Single payer please!!!
MEMO TO CHUCKLES: We're moving forward w/ a full-on #RepealAndReplacement of the YUGELY failing #Barrycare. The Nation is just say'n!  #MAGA
.....PS Chuckles: And if y'all have a problem with that -- you can officially kiss the Nation's ass!  #MAGA
Drop the establishment. Bring in term limits and young ideas from the younger generation
My 72yr old mother pays $200 for 30 generic Aricept pills. A medication she takes to slow progress of Alzheimer's. Way too high a price!
just like you did with the aca. How many yrs. have you had to try and improve it? Now when in minority you cry.
you guys screwed this up maybe you should be woring on reducing cost premiums and reduced prescription cost and out of pocket $$$$
This is a plan I would get behind. Infrastructure rehab is another.
Single payer for ALL!
Is there one Rep. with guts to seek and demand that Trump release his tax returns?
