Speak English...this is America
He is a Senator FROM.....AMERICA.  Not the internet.
AMERICANS SPEAK ENGLISH....i don't press one for English
BULL!  STOP LYING!
Stop the fear mongering.  Tell the whole truth.
just like crooked Schumer speaking to his illegal aliens not the English speaking citizens who put the fool in office wake up NY get him out
True DACA deserving ppl would know English and this would not need to be put in Spanish #hypocrite #pandering
"DACA deserving"? Do you know how people are eligible for DACA? I'm guessing nah.
what they are saying is if these illegals came as children they should now be able to read & write English. if not never want to simulate
And shame on you for calling people brought here as children "illegals." That's not how you talk about your fellow humans.
Prosperity on the blood and backs of the people of Cuba and their sacrifices for liberty is reprobate. YEA FOR TRUMPS PRINCIPLED DECISION.
DACA ... ¿Cuántos miles de millones hemos perdido?
Assimilation is part of American Culture.
You should not promote segregation by tweeting in a foreign language.
That's unpatriotic.
What language is American?
English unless you are a democrat then it is likely anything but English since their collective hate for America is so strong.
baloney 
FU
Schumer is an idiot just like Obama & Clinton.
President Trump @POTUS45__ should delete DACA and keep his campaign promise he would repeal it.  Thats what American citizens voted for DJ
You don't speak Spanish so why would you tweet so much bs pendejo
please resign now and you a fake person
What'd you call me?
Callate estupido!
Lol- do you actually speak Spanish??
Pandering
why dont u wk on easier path to citizenship rather than  supporting illegal immigrants, KEYWORD ILLEGAL, if they really want to b citizens
Illegal is still illegal. Unless ur a democratic like Schumer.
Fake News
Llorando
No lo creó, para mi es más importante tener leyes de inmigración claros y justos
How about speaking English so that your constituents know what you're saying?
Esto es una mentira. Poner al trabajador americano en primer lugar sólo puede fortalecer la economía. #UseLess sch
Ba ha ha copy and paste plus translator - you are so GD phony!
No chuck schemer doesn't speak Spanish. Either a translate app. Or translator.If u do speak Spanish move their and screw up their Government
Yes Schumer hate rhetoric is responsible for the shooting !!!! Shame Shame
¿Los políticos usan tácticas de miedo en México?
Haciendo mierda y fingiendo que es verdad Chuckie?
Por favor no use la estrategia de la hysteria publica.  Esto no sucedera.  Los ciudadanos son mas inteligentes que Ud. imagina.
you loons will do anything for votes! Even speak language of illegals!
Legal diversity
Senator:these $ should be used only on our kids borned here & not outsiders. However;we have to pay high tuitions,loans etc. Time to help us
Translation:
I am a Liberal butt hole.
El crooko de barry0
STOP @SenSchumer IN YOUR RHETORIC POLITICAL.
Ir a dar un paseo largo de un muelle corto
TRANSLATION: Eliminating DACA could cost the US hundreds of billions in economic growth over the next decade. YOUR'RE WRONG!!!
Chuckles this is an example of Senators abusing their power and why we need                                TERM LIMITS 
Maybe u can speak English This is America & English is r language Theodor Roosevelt declared that long ago But then again u don't care
La carga fiscal neta ilícita es de alrededor de 54.500 millones de dólares por año.
Wha?
Que
Speak English Please!
Chuck speaks Spanish!!!! 
Someone on his staff.
it's the new Dem voter pool. Everyone else has figured out they r full of s$&t
Get rid of DACA. Leave pay a fine several thousand per person. Submit application to enter via the legal means.
Pandering is what the king weasel does best! Anything to keep him living on taxpayer dollars even if it means getting there on illegal vote
And how do you figure that?
Hay chuck you are in America
It will save taxpayers more. Start representing US citizens or be voted out. We're done with your obstruction and sacrificing us.
#SaveDACA
English would be nice
Gracias @SenSchumer
Tell us Chucky, when did you start worrying about our economy? You nothing more than a "Tax and Spend" Libtard!
Lol
HANNITY reports old angry white man shoots Republicans not a patriot American Muslim
An angry white Democrat... lets get it right!
