Excellent. We look forward to your hiding behind this tragedy to avoid discussing your secretive health care debacle & gun control avoidance
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution …
"The Supreme Court of the United States also ruled that the right is not unlimited and does not prohibit regulation of firearms"
The firearms they pointed to are  automatic weapons and rocket launchers. Also said you can't ban a weapon based on arbitrary appearance
No one is asking to ban any weapons...we're asking for stricter rules governing who is eligible to own and operate firearms
That's fair. But then you have to ask who shouldn't be eligible ?
Maybe, to start, those considered mentally incapable of managing their financial affairs?!
Would be unconstitutional. Not my opinion either just fact.
this guy should retire and bring in new young men with good ideas
McConnell you a disgrace to our Democracy SHAME on YOU
U mean republic. .
True but still doesn't justify the republican total distain for the MAJORITY of Americans
Or the democrats.     Both are in on the fucking of america . and until ppl realize this fact it continues. .
@KatyTurNBC McConnell & Ryan are conspiring to marginalize America's citizens but are asleep or afraid as Putin marginalize US Jets in Syria
Your handling of the ACHA is an affront to American democracy.  Taking health care away from 23 million Amers for a tax cut for rich is sin.
I'll be taking a nap for this snooze fest. You guys make golf look exciting
Why bother?
And why don't you two go on fox...what are you afraid of .....the truth
Traitor. You're supposed to work for we the people & support our POTUS, agenda. Not brown nosing w/ Schumer or planning vacations
Looking for you to fulfill Schumer's request of an open, bi-partisan process on #AHCA & more than 10 hours to review the bill.
The market system Does Not Work for Healthcare. ACA It is not a priviledge it is a necessity like water, food, clothing and shelter.
What? For some more FAKE NEWS?
Mr McConnell, Please open up healthcare discussion to ENTIRE senate. We need a bipartisan solution. Let's end R vs D and focus on USA
@SenateMajLdr Sir, seemed as though you planned to unlock those doors work with all for #Healthcare No more secret mtgs, sir! @SenSchumer 
When will you serve the People and the #democracy of America? #corrupt #complicit
Why aren't u, Mr Sen McConnell showing up w/ Schumer on FoxNews?CNN is BS.
Chuck Schumer stokes violence and hatred He is an obstructionis and promoted  Trump was under investigation for 6 months knowing he wasn't
real piece of crap.Traitor
Why bother going to that #FAKENEWS channel? CNN is garbage - so is smuck schumer.
And #RepublicanJesus said unto the leper, "Thou hast a #preexistingcondition, so verily I say unto thee: go fucketh thyself, my child."#AHCA
You won't be a leader much longer ! When you run crying in shame when they impeach your ugly ......
You need to set down with @realDonaldTrump and work with him!!!!!!!
McConnell, did your master (DJT) approve your lies or do you only need your other master's (Putin) approval before the show? Sync up lies!
Oh, more trash talking the rep and POTUS? Good ratings I suppose,
I hope you melt under the Klieg lights
The People want a decent government so they represent us not the rich!We will not STOP!
We The People will vote out everyone who supports touching Obama care! RESISTANCE RULES FIRST
Leader you better take care of The People WE RISE and we will vote you out if necessary!!!!




McConnell why don't you try getting together with Schumer to pass healthcare & tax cuts not do interviews on CNN who hate @POTUS
Don't you  get it. ?
You & Ryan  are the SWAMP.
Do your job or get out.
Oh Wow. 
Seriously STOP the theater and START Working for the American people.  CNN, MSNBC, PAUL RYAN,  AND YOU. 
ARE THE ENEMY OF AMERICA.
Typical libs wanting something for free. How about get a job and buy your on insurance. It's not the government place to provide health care
Maybe you could explain your healthcare plan then. Do you share your russia allowance with him?
https://www.facebook.com/RandyRainbowOfficial/videos/1103160036452605/ … Something adorable to cheer ya'll up, missing SNL so much. I heard #goldenshowers + an indictment might appear soon!
Why don't you people get to work and quit with the games already.  Everyone is fed up with you incumbents.
McConnell wants to pass Trumpcare secretly TO HIDE 42K die per yr 56MILLION lose care TO FUND $765 BILLION TAX CUTS FOR THE WEALTHY ONLY.
I wish you were like Senator Schumer he doesn't have his tongue up trumps ass like you do McConnell
McConnell Tell the other old farts turning your back on the American people to kiss trumps ass is not acceptable!

disgusting. How can you look at this hate monger?
Please unite with the Democrats to make changes to ACA and make it better! Why is that so hard?!
The best thing for you two old geezers to do would be to resign, neither one of you has done anything positive for America
Quickly followed by a tweet trashing Dems...what a hero you are.

The yacht is owned by an oil tycoon who got it as a gift from Roman Abramovich, a Russian oligarch & friend of Putin http://nyp.st/2sglpZB 
That's just great, maybe next you will become transparent on your effort to destroy the US healthcare system. #13meninsecret
speak courageously about POTUS danger.
Why in the world would you waste your time on that fake news channel and with that Senator pretty much wants the GOP assassinated
I'm surprised you have the guts to go to to toe with Anderson Cooper. He's going to slaughter you. #RESIST
Senator McConnell, as the head of the Reps could you lead on how to get together & accomplish rather than fueling hate?  I'm a Rep.
Hopefully you will stick up for Trump and not fall for Cooper & Schumer's tricks and lies.
I hope this is the beginning of new and better things to come.
Don't get dumbed down by Chuck or Anderson
I can wait for that one!
Glad to see you're joined by a Senator that cares for the people and not the corporation, party, or @POTUS
I love to see you guys working together. There is much to be done. I pray this good will continues.
#powertogether #ACA #fixnotnix #forthekids #forthecountry  #congressionalbaseballgame #bipartisanship
Great that you are friends but what #WeThePeople need is for @SenateGOP to #ShowUsTheBill #Trumpcare and not gut us for the rich. #humanity
Will you be accepting his invite to discuss the healthcare bill? You are our leaders, be willing to cross the aisle & not be so stubborn.
Consider: 5 charged w/manslaughter in Flint. Over 20m effected by your secret health bill. Where do u see this going? I see genocide & court
Stop messing with the affordable healthcare, my wife of 35 years is recovering from leukemia , just think if you were in my shoes!
Was hoping to see sincerity w/ expectations starting at the top but once again Mitch brushed off Trump's behavior, ppl are angry & killing
Two swamp creatures on the same stage with the fake news network. I'm guessing 37 people will be tuning in to watch these two hold hands
Why join that snake at anything. He has done nothing to help the taxpayers and never will. He spouts venom at all of us every day. Very bad.
Trump supporters were violently attacked during campaign! This violence today is a continuation of it!
Change Senate Rules Now to 50 plus one! Tell Chuck to then take a vacation!
How about joining the President and passing his agenda that you told us would be passed if we had the White House! @potus will be here!GOP??
We don't need lectures on bipartisanship! Wake up! Shumer is playing you! The left is violently pursuing their political goals with Shumer
You are a disgrace Mitch, I have no desire to see you or hear anything you have to say
Why? No Seriously Why?  You are the person not man who showed Obama that u dd not like him because he was a black man who became PRESIDENT.
Health care bill you're hiding
You should be Bipartisan at more than a baseball game.
Baseball interview the only thing you can do in a bipartisan way? Bring health care bill out into the light. Bipartisan infrastructure.
If republicans would have kept the brady bill in place this and many other shootings would not have ever happen.Blame you
Just nod!!!
What goes around, comes around #karmaisabitch .  Let's hope the #hypocrites are open to #gunsense now that they've been shot close to home
I agree it IS more likely they will reject #gunsense. No sense of duty to  #boughtandsold by the #nra That's sick.
The game was a joke! These people want hate to flourish! CHARITY for KIDS? YET YOUR TAKING FROM OUR KIDS!! CAN YOU DONATE TO AMERICAN BABIES
They're back to the Close Door Kill Americans again passing bills illegally! Your disgraceful to all American Kids
WHY DO YOU HATE THE PEOPLE YOU SERVE? YOU LET RUSSIA IN OUR COUNTRY TO STARVE US, CUT EDUCATION, HEALTHCARE!! YOUR TERRORIZING AMERICANS
How about joining him to fix healthcare... show real unity not this phony crap!
Oh you mean that eye-rolling sexist hate monger reporter @andersoncooper? Nah I'd rather wash my cat 
Why?
Instead of invading our lives, big gov could have made new laws & regs 4 insurance companies & stayed out of our medical care.  It's ruined.
3 globalist puppets lying 2 America for their corrupt 1 world government masters.3 Traitors!
The 2 dumbest people in the senate?
Get him to #ShowUsTheBill Sen Schumer. 23 million lives outside of DC depends on it
that's pretty cool :) hope you guys had fun too. And glad to see R and D together for charity. Hope it'll be like that from now on.
The Media spreading Hate, Hollywood spreading Hate speeches, hate tv & hate movies, politicians spreading Lies & hate.They are responsible
But you're not going to bother to discuss your health care bill?
Why CNN?  CNN is a fake news. 
Discussing what great healthcare the shot rep has compared to majority of Americans? How you're about to take away 20+ million ppls HC?
Mr McConnell how about working with the Democratic leaders on improving the ACA and sharing information on the GOP plan with the public?
Why are you hiding your health care bill? I'd like to see this bill. The one you're making now. Forget the past. What's in this bill?
You are one of them. May as well do interviews together.
McConnell, they don't make any bigger liars, cheats, swindlers or commie lov'n traitor to all we hold dear in America...you & Trump! #Resist
Oh great...
KY has experienced a boom in healthcare jobs since the inception of ACA ( Obama care). Banizan Mitch! 
if Dems try to shutdown the gov, then Mitch should go nuclear to pass all legation w/ no holds or delays. this will force the Dems to work..
I can't believe that Mitch's wife still sleeps with him. He's the meaning of the worst human being in planet earth beside DJT.
Why bother do the job you were elected to do
Your supporters will no longer have healthcare, or healthcare jobs. BIG  boom in healthcare in KY since inception of 
  ACA (Obama care)
Please stand out in the open
This election & the challenges after stole my sense of security.  Seeing our Senate leaders come together restores that feeling of safety.
How are u going to spend the $1.2 million from NRA. U and wifey going to purchase a mansion in KY? 
Great job, would appreciate open health care deliberations with human suffering at its core and not only fiscal or tax considerations.
So, apparently President Trump thinks your trumpcare is mean ! I think he meant to say it is evil. 
Don't waste your time with Schumer he is a disgusting person republicans needs to get tax reform & healthcare done then they got nothing
He should have been called out back in March with his White Nationalist rant about restoring civilization.  Clean up your act, GOP!
Get used to it. 

Soon you'll be answering lots of questions on the so called "Senate health bill." Have fun. 

Hee, hee.
Chuck Schumer is a key inspiration for the attack. Are you that easily deceived?
Who'll be listening? CNN wouldn't know the truth if it slapped them in the face! Schumer is a joke!
I wouldn't crowd the plate if I were you. #BeanBall #EarHole #WhereTheFuckAmI?
You do realize that an interview requires you to actually answer questions?
Why don't u just go away... like today... do something honorable & support a Vet for ur Senate seat...
Great. You can share your #healthcare bill with everyone.
You are so very out of touch with America you should reside in Australia

Awesome, keep colluding to obstruct America. Sigh.
Good luck! !  Take care MAGA
How about you show the American people respect by showing your health care bill before you vote on it.
You and Schumer should meet more often
Down 7-2 looks if @GOP may need a pinchhitter! Could @realDonaldTrump actually make it to 1B? #UnfittestPresident But well versed in GOLF!
Stop trying to take away heath care!!! We will never 4get u stole a SC seat! #A$$hole
Good glad to see some bipartisanship 
Which you can use moving forward to unseat Traitor Trump and Co then #CrushRussia
Defend our President and Republican agenda.
The Democrats are  making a mockery of the Republicans Sir.
Counting on YOU!!
The American public will see you in the primaries.





If you want bipartisanship & unity,how about letting Dems & women participate in writing the healtchare bill? Without that,baseball s a show
BRING THAT DEADLY ASS HEALTHCARE BILL WITH YOU!
Excellent. Enjoy the game! Tomorrow I will call your office about health care KY nurse. I have specific concerns.
Hopefully you will quietly pass away on national television.
Why would McConnell go on tv CNN. Why
