Guess it wouldn't do any good for one or all of your constituents to ask you to vote FOR this bill, that will FIX the problems in Obama bill
93% of America will be fine, the remaining 25m half of that would be illegal Immigrants they deserve nothing from the state welfare system 
Haven't been paying attention. Loopholes let employers gut health insurance too. For >60% annual/lifetime caps and worse will come back.
Before Obamacare 93% of Americans had health coverage! This is a fact. When Obamacare only benefits 7% half of which are illegals you know >
We will make noise that ObamaCare is a failure. We did not save 2,000 per year in premiums and we did not get to keep our doctor
Are you instigating more rioting and violence, Senator? The "Good Guys" are supposed to try to STOP violence. You are spreading division! :(
I hope you do stop #Trumpcare. I'm rooting for you continue to own #ObamaCare. Please take this hot potato back.
Chucky you're a corrupt, lying, thieving treacherous parasites.
The obstructive pimps are all awake. This people are only about their power. They know Obamacare was collapsing, but won't tell you. Frauds
keep fighting for all of us who can't
Support your local Democratic Anarchy sponsor burn a cop car, break a window, punch Trump supporter, be a good Democrats support Hillary
chuck go talk to those who had no insurance and paid fine because of your ass killing Hussain Obama.
Tell you what, Chuck, you use Obamacare AS IS for your healthcare and I'll get behind your Stop Trumpcare. I offer that KNOWING YOU'D NEVER.
You need to watch a little more @FoxNews  #justsayin
Good luck with that chucky
Go Trump!!!! Drain the swamp!!!
Schmucky....you would be more convincing if you were actually on ocare..instead of whatever golden parachute you got....
#pathetic
Ain't no golden care here sister. My INSURANCE went from $439/1000 to $1988/6500. #NOWUNINSURED  So we can't fund your care anymore #fact
"If it was made explicit that the rich pay for the poor and the healthy pay for the sick, the law would never have passed"- Jonathan Gruber
G g we d
Stop Obamacare whoops too late crappy bill passed without reading thanks Nancy
Someone should take your healthcare and give it to a common citizen or perhaps an illegal alien.
Chuck "Moses" Schumer! Leading resistance! Get real. Instead of being obstinate do something to improve things. You are pathetic
Where ever you are, get out there and work. Because you will have to start paying your way
Quit asking for protest Schumer. The democrats are causing violent protest all over the US. Work together with the republicans to help US.
If you are serious in working with the GOP on healthcare, then you have to acknowledge that Obamacare was an epic disaster. Then fix it.
please resign now
GO TRUMP. down with shumer
"Stop" it? You divisive drama queen! Why don't you try WORKING on making positive changes to the Bill?
Party before country the DEMOCRAP WAY.  HYPOCRITES AND LIARS ALL.
Thank you Senator Schumer. Please keep up the fight.
You don't even know if Liberals are religious or not. I happen to be Catholic. Should I start calling you a right wing Christian terrorist?
Go ahead, protest #VoteNoACHA while the Senate passes AHCA. Proof you havent a clue.
keep losing, clown. #MAGA
You have a chance to be a real leader for America ... you shouldn't squander this opportunity ....
Too many of my family members lost their insurance under Obamacare. Go home Chucky your time is over
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL WHERE'S YOUR VOICE AS AMERICANS TRAIN THEIR FOREIGN REPLACEMENTS - MAY GOD FORGIVE YOU !!
Chuck please list the names and contact info is those who voted in favor of this disaster. #impeachtrump
RISE UP! LETS RISE UP RESISTENCE! LETs MAKE NOISE AND STOP ACA DEAD IN ITS TRACKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keep it up Chuck sedition is a punishable crime, we kept GITMO open for a reason you know.
Democrats always offering FREE SH8T-
Hey Chuckie. if ocare was so great why did you all exempt yourselves from it.  yea that's what we thought

I can testify for Kansas,  went to $1988/6500 #Nowuninsured, I cannot afford that for two adults, 1 child, all healthy, no preexisting #done
Go away Gumby .. you fold like a cheap tent....
That's it, keep inciting riots, all you Dems know how to do
Has everybody missed the fact that everything the GOP "Greedy Old Pigs" stands for it 1st accuses progressives of?
Get with it Schumer.  We are all sick of your Trump negativity.  Your crap doesnt help build anything.
Shut up..
Nope
Chuck, stop your nonsense. Get a job and stop inciting the public to go the wrong way. The Dems did that and look where that got us.
Just like your fake tears lol
Please stop #Trumpcare. NOW! Older Americans paying more is Discrimination!
Oh right, if you like your Doctor you can keep your Doctor, (snicker) Oh wait my personal favorite 'We have to pass the bill...(snicker)
I don't see you doing anything to help?
Because you are not good at your job you incite people to riot. Conservatives don't resort to violence as we've seen liberals do so.
the biggest consumer of drugs and we pay the most why? Because of guys like you!!  You are what's wrong with healthcare
Chuck you should be honest. Your lying is going to hurt ppl.
A govt for the people, by the people? Yeah, not so much.
@SenSchumer is Obamacare better? You d lie either way - stop playing politics and govern but this baby bullshit has to stop
ChuckSCHUMER IS CRAZY! LOST HIS EMOTIONAL CONTROL AGAIN! NOW HE IS INCITING RIOTS & VIOLENCE LIKE A COMUNIST!
C.F MANAGING PARTNER, F&F CPAs
You are an embarrassment of your former self #sellout
"Noise" is quite an appropriate term. No logic. No ideas. Just noise. And violence.
It may narrowly clear the House, but we have to kill it at the Senate!!
@HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton @kimguilfoyle Dont Be Impressed With Chuck Schumer, He Retweets Toilet Paper. He Is But A Panderer To Fools.
I love this country too much to be an #obstructionist. You should work on your patriotism.

It's not Trumpcare, it's a Republican health plan, one that I am not sure I support. But your tactic is underhanded and obvious .
The govt needs to get out of health insurance completely.
Ya Obama care is real great what a joke.Shows me how STUPID Democrats are especially Schumer & Pelosi
Mobilize your friends & fam who are represented by Republican Members of Congress to call - there's still a little bit of time left.

Your nothing but a trouble maker. Probley paying people to riot! Democrats seam to be traitors don't want America Great Again. Vote them out
Great sign Chuck.... give us YOUR healthcare you hack!
Glad you agree! Along w/ @NYSACRA and agencies in your district we oppose #AHCA . Here's why: http://bit.ly/2pa6lcP  #VoteNoAHCA #Medicaid
Schmucky hopes people make enough noise to cover his chronic flatulence sounds. Barely distinguishable from sounds coming from his mouth.
Obama signed ACA into law on March 23, 2010
You had 6 years to fix it with Obama and FAILED - its now dead and it's your fault!
You were not elected to just complain - why not offer or work on a solution for a change?
@SenateDems as usual democrats offer NO alternative to health care problems just media lip service - NEVER VOTE DEM AGAIN ! Thx
Feels hopeless.
Then u chuckles want Obamacare to fail!
Oh leave already. U & ur corrupt cronies. All u all want to do is control we the ppl of what we can and cannot do & destroy America
I live in the US Virgins. I have no voice. And I can't buy insurance here even tho I can afford it. I'm routing 4 the bill to fail. But . .
I'll still be uninsured no matter what happens.
Way to go ML. Your Parton the reason for the riots, that's making noise. Your party forgot how to talk and reason. You do know how to lose.
NRA is on the verge of losing mid terms over healthcare vote. 35ml AARP members verse -5ml NRA. NRA better make some GOP calls quick.
#FAKETEARSCHUCK
Guess u need to keep pounding the streets for term limits. Time to go chuck.
i wish is could zip up my zipper and you cant breath anymore of your hate
Nice sign you have Obamacare
Schumer you need to stop inciting rioting burning & destroying innocent ppeople's property when things don't go your way. You are out of it
@SenateDems Single Payor now. Stop Insurance companies Schmuck.
Please stop them!!!
Sen Schumer these monsters think they have enough votes. How do we make sure they don't? I've called and tweeted and messaged and emailed.

Do you pay for your healthcare chuck? Or do We The People!!
We want better ins have you had obc if not you have no idea how it's hurt the middle class
..
40% of ppl with significant credit card debt racked up debt due to medical expenses not covered by insurance. TrumpCare makes problem worse.
That wasn't what stopped it. A bad bill stopped it unlike democrats who pass something then read it. Damn your crazy Chucky
Get it passed Mr. President!! Make America great again!!
You will incite violent riots around the country and blame it on Trump. The funded (Soros, Clinton) hoods destroy, not help. Out of touch
You guys need to instruct people how to get involved, seriously!! Convey that calling really does work!!
I agree. Do nothing and let Obamacare finish collapsing so it can be hung around the Democrats' necks where it belongs.
Why don't they act like grownups and fix the ACA?
This never was about healthcare, it's about control. Otherwise they would not have blown up the system for 4% of the population.
please say it in spanish u reach a more agreeable audience
And if you fail to stop it, will you then concede that it is what the people want?
We must continue to fight but do must Dems Senate & House. They have been too quiet.
IMPEACH, INCARCERATE ILLEGITIMATE VIOLATING CIVIL RIGHTS CONSTITUTION SINCE FIRST DAY. BOUGHT REP. BLACKMAILING ALL PUTIN HIM.
STUPID STUPIDITY IGNORANCE EBONICS ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS DO NOT BELONG YANKEES WILL WIN WORLD SERIES HILLARY SUCKS
By your analogy, I should be able to insure my home for anything and don't need an inspection because of a pre-existing condition.
Keep on resisting chuckie. Your party is sad. Hope dems get young fresh open minded blood in there. Shld be working together. You're hate.
I agree with you, Chuck. But NoACHA?
KILLER MAFIOSO  BEEN IN PRISON 40 YRS TILL DEATH FLIPPED HER HUGE LANDSLIDE WIN RIGGED RECOUNT BOUGHT ELECTORAL COLLEGE
SMOKE CRACK DO DRUGS ABORT BABIES RESIST ARREST IGNORE TRUTH BLAME RUSSIANS RAINBOWS AND UNICORNS ARE TRANSGENDER
Sen. Schumer, you are champion! Keep up free spirit, too...
#VoteYEStoAHCA
Why so people over 50 and those with pre-existing conditions get screwed and rich folks get a tax break?
Also to be known as the GOP career suicide bill.
If they pass this in the house, the Dems need to use this in every single ad in 2018!!!
Best wish for what is the right thing for the people by the people.
