I don't see you opening your wallet and emptying it ALL for #PuertoRico . Nice pivot, buddy.
Where is Hillary and Bill's foundation money for Harvey and Irma.
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/5/hillary-clintons-new-onward-together-group-smells-/ …
Well you should have repealed it months ago, it wouldn't be an issue now.
@realDonaldTrump ignorant, dismissive tweets abt #PuertoRicoRelief are disgusting yet not surprising. #FEMA #TheResistance #HealthCareDebate
Pls move Congress to action of waiving JonesAct rqrmnts & getting Fedl Reserve to designate PuertoRico as distressed area 4 CRA investments
Jones act has nothing to do with this and keeps our merchant fleet in business. We have plant of MSC ships to handle this.
Merchant fleets r NOT enough. Citizens will die; 3.5 mill of them are running out of food, water, medical supplies. Inhumane of u to oppose.
There is nothing that keeps foreign vessels to give aid to PR in JA, as long us they come from foreign port. Military Sea Lift is enough
On top of that the merchant fleet is kept US flagged thanks to JA providing national security and American jobs.
The Jones Act is legal plunder.  Crony capitalism at its worst.
Your a plunder to common sense
Consistent, but unconscionable.
U also need to work diligently 2 #Impeach45 . Everyday the Lying King is in office he is dividing r country.
Alert : Weak  loser of a Dem Senator .. all talk no action ! Do you see him leading. By going to Puerto Rico ?  He will be voted out !
Crying lying chuck
Russian Bot
You should get to work helping those people. Not time to tweet.
Really he attached a link to donate? I think not
What about the part where he's also installing a surveillance state on visitors, immigrants, and naturalized citizens?
Why is there no coverage of St. Croix & USVI?????
Why do you and OTHERS try to hack into people's phone? You've got things to hide! Ready to come clean with an honest answer?
#get him out #25thamendment #impeach
So you think it's ok that I don't have health insurance because the unaffordable care act sucks?
While u talk about it @Potus is taking action. He is the best multitasking politician around. Enough grandstanding. Obamacare is ur fault.
That's right, Senator Schumer. Don't let this tragedy go to waste.
Chuck why don't you put your own money in and help Puerto Rico?? No? Stop switching topics and whining.
My medication is out of pocket $648 per month. Retail cost $1150. So much for healthcare. But insurance companies make millions in PROFIT
Why don't you go down there and help then ? Bye
Still struggling and dying. 
Trump would rather rally his racist supporters by saying #TakeTheKnee  is about disrespecting a flag, a song
Help Puerto Rico
All you got is criticisms. Get off your butt and work with the rest.
The debate is about insurance - not care.
Wasting time and money chasing a non-existent Russian collusion is just as unconscionable.  #TermLimits
Why is it ever wrong for anybody to do their job? Are you really that stupid?
Well I'm sure even many in Puerto Rico needs health insurance. Lyon  to public get your JOBS DONE #OBSTRUCTIONIST @SenateFloor
And what are you doing about all this? Nothing!
Everything he does is unconscionable. When are you clowns going to act? 'But Nancy, he likes us' Gimme a break.
You being able to sleep at night is unconscionable.
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
What is your real job title? What do you really do besides try to block every bill (Americans) need to make our Country prosper. Pathetic!
Send help fast.  People will die.
Keep the fighting for us Senator
#PuertoRicoRelief #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
But obviously #StephenCurry and the #NFL should be our top priority.
You're free to do something Chuck! Yammering is easy; performance is another thing!
Fighting to give amnesty to illegal aliens while people in PuertoRico are without shelter is unconscionable.
Being a Democrat and not backing Democratic ideals like #singlepayer is unconscionable.
Nobody is fighting to repeal health care.  They are fighting to repeal Obamacare that made insurance unaffordable for many.
Don't you follow FEMA? They are working their tails off help the people round the clock!
Lying as much as you do is unconscionable. You'll gladly use a disaster to filibuster a bill you don't like.
Seriously, you made a mess of this knowing that premiums were going to rise! Pass the bill!
Foreign aid while Americans are hurting is unconscionable too right Chuck?
Chuck maybe you could suggest we reduce our aid to Israel (foreign country) and use some of those funds for Puerto Rico (U.S. Territory).
They are both disasters and need to be dealt with accordingly. Nice try at being a tough guy though.
Unlike you smucks @rnc can do both!
Perfect time to toss a travel ban in the mix!
As you well know congress has no say so in disaster rescues FEMA can only get involved once requested by governor of said commonwealth
Everyone but Democtates can chew gum and walk at the same time. We all know you barely have the attention span for ONE thing. DEMagogue
#AmericanGenocide #Genocide #THATGUY #thatguy #UBum #GetWoke #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoIsAmerica #ThatGuyIsKillingAmericans #GOPComplicit

#PuertoRico could have used some of the billions of dollars in cash that Obama gave the Iranian mullahs!
Beginning to believe that Trump thinks Puerto Rico is in the list of 8 banned countries. His geography and names of countries in our world 0
2018 is coming.
Healthcare repeal was already happening before the storms Chuck. Stop stirring the pot that's not your job.
Have you introducing any legislation to help the American citizens of Puerto Rico? If not, please get busy doing your job.
I crown thee king of unconscionable.
What's unconscionable, is YOU &your hypocrisy! #DEPLORABLE
It's immoral and wrong for you to suggest every order of business we work on in this country must be stopped to deal with disasters.
OH thanks for stating the OBVIOUS.
Shut up with the lies!!!
ONLY BECAUSE YOU CAN'T WALK AND CHEW GUM-CHUCKY
Senator please tell us who we need to call to get aid to #puertorico right now? Seriously.
@StevenMWolfe3 What health care your breaking the back of middle-class most can't afford it, and you get subsidies. Your a joke.
Please do something to help them
Sen Schummy, what about the millions of Americans that can't use OCare because they can't afford to pay the High Premiums & High Deductibles
But Chuck, Koch brothers closed piggy bank until GOP kills ACA. They gotta do it or they won't get Campaign donations. 
Resign Chuckie Lies a Lot!
The media should pick this meme and BLAST and BLARE it everywhere!
WHY IS THAT CRYING CHUCK SCHUMER?  REPEALING OBAMA CARE WILL ONLY HELP THE PEOPLE IN #PUERTORICO YOUR ACTIONS UNCONSCIONABLE
Why you going to fly their and roll up your sleeves. Did you stop the government when we had Sandy ? Irrelevant
you had youre chance last 8 years chuckie
26.5% increase this year in NYS.  My income 0% increase.  WHERE DO I GET THAT MONEY.  I KNOW, SELL MY BLOOD.
Stop tweeting long enough to work on these issues
Progressives only give empty threats. Repealing Obamacare has nothing to do with Aid to #PuertoRico.
What are you doing? Don't you have tons of billionaire friends?
I'm in Jax where many are still flooded, displaced. My waterlogged heart goes out to PR. It's awful, and we see his neglect
Bull. I live in Jax and FEMA has been here since day 1. We had battalions of linemen and the clean has been swift.
Many months ago Rachel @maddow said, "hyperbole is dead." Your vague statemnt doesn't touch the unmitigated evil of Trump & his backers.
How much have you donated? It's ok I'll wait..
Please help #PuertoRico
what about the steel coal auto worker who you put out of work ,no food water or rent payment for them and there kids.....
#SendUSNSComfort State-of-the-art floating hospital, US tax payers in #PuertoRico pay for like HRC advised!#HurricaneMaria
This is on you and the senate. Get to work.
What does one have to do with the other except for you to try a score political points.
Let's not stop at attacks on healthcare. Our "government" is also attacking football/basketball. More time for games than for Puerto Rico!
Chucky, multitask... #Liar If you aren’t able too, resign and let someone more capable #MAGA - get out of the way. #worthless #senator (?)
And fighting with NFL players is beyond unconscionable.
Why don't you reference #Texas & #FloridaKeys  hurricane victims as well? @NYGovCuomo did nothing for them. They are all Americans.
If they pay federal USA taxes then they are if not screw them until America is taken care of.
Really Chuckles??? If you haven't noticed our president is capable of multitasking, I know from your self evaluation you don't believe it...
Are you proposing help for #PuertoRico or trying to use it to oppose fixing health care?
The Puerto Rican families would have the help if the D's would vote on a straight up Bill
Chuck! TELL THE TRUTH!
Send in your million... Schumer !!
Can you get the #Toddler I Chief to pay attention? Not to mention the @GOP...
Oh, brother!! This is why nothing gets done!!!!!!!!!
The world doesn't stop just because you wish it to.  Put your staff on it and get your proposal to the Majority Leader.
AND USVI.........don't forget about us!!
Yes you are right, trump is always working an angle, typical con artist move!
SEND IN DRONES WITH WATER, FOOD 
AFRICA DOES THIS WITH MEDICAL SUPPLIES 
MOUNTAINS CAN BE REACHED
I hope the congress acts SOON!
Chuck your showing your age, many jobs have been multitasking for years. We call it increasing productivity.
They are white supremacist and racists, puerto rica have to my knowledge not to many white voters that are republicans so they don't care
Trump picks fight with NFL, B-ball players & tries 2 snatch healthcare away instead of helping Amer. in PR.  This is not leadership.
GOPriorities
Sen. Schumer you pushed threw Obamacare when millions of Americans were losing their homes you fool. I find that contemptible. Term limits.
You are a hypocrite
Easy on Chuck.. you know these politicians cannot multi task or even accomplish anything.  They did take the last 4 years off
So they should let the September 30 deadline lapse!? You're a #Shcmuck @SenSchumer
These obvious destructive behaviors will catch up with the powers that be.
How you are not embarrassed by your own "TWEETS" are beyond understanding.
Why aren't you on #Obamacare sir?
"UCONSCIONABLE" is your continued inablity to see beyond liberal views and leave NY'ers like me without healthcare for almost 8 years now!
What you folks can't do both? No wonder your approvals are at the lowest. Is unconscionable the only thing you know in a word?
Than quiet lying and manipulating and dump Obummer care and come up with something that's not broke.
You have no decency -- using a natural disaster in PR to obstruct the repeal of a disasterous law.  You are a total hypocrite. How dare you.

Don’t just tweet about it. Do something! Get those people some help. You’re in a position to do that. Citizens have done more than govt.
"unconscionable" suggests the existence of a conscience. if anybody know of a conscience in the current white house, please share!
That should fit right in to the DNC platform
Why is DoD not getting WiFi immediately to Puerto Rico? Or working with  Google to deploy #ProjectLoon to do so? We have the technology.

Chuck we do not have healthcare ! Obamacare is imploding! Stop being an obstructionist and offer a fix ! #chuckputspoliticsb4NY
Yes, and yet that is exactly what the Republicans are doing. They have lost their moral compass and sense of decency. Just sickening.
They are begging for help from @realDonaldTrump and he is obsessing about the NFL protests. Sick.

#HelpPuertoRico
Release everyone's tda accounts and trust funds fraudulently held by the federal reserve in our names and the rebuild will be faster
Can't walk and chew gum!! 
ACA. Biggest fraud ever pull over American people.
Healthcare ?   More like highway robbery.
What are you doing for Puerto Rico? Nothing as usual! What are you doing to fix healthcare? Nothing as usual!!
But 10 times that is fighting to get affordable heath care. What's wrong u can't do 2 things at once? Oh I forgot this is congress talking
We have to fight for both!  The health of mainland and PR citizens is equally important!
Well Senator, Trump has no soul so we should not expect him to show empathy.
So please make sure it fails. We are resisting and doing our part, please do yours
It's called multitasking Chuck. Someone who has been in the senate for 20+ years and making $175k+ should be able to walk and chew gum. Hack
@SenSchumer still in our government is unacceptable!!  #DrainTheSwamp
Leaving the ACA as a law is unconscionable
This presidency is unconscionable. I am sick to my stomach most of the time by Twitler The Evil! #dotard #impeachtrump #unfittoserve
Ever heard of multitasking chuckie u Freak'n hypocrite obstructionist self serving political hack leader of the KKK dem pack
Suddenly the urgency, REALLY? Nice Try Chuckie @realDonaldTrump @
Hes been saying this for a while. Please stay current.
What happened to cruel and heartless?
Why are you exempt from Obamacare?
The only thing unconscionable is your lack of desire to work with the GOP to get anything done.

Obstructionist
They're unconscionable separately. Immoral and repugnant together.
Using a hurricane for political rhetoric is what? HYPOCRISY. America is tired of the @DNC lies & delusion that you think what Americans want
Acting as if it's a literal choice between the two is what's truly unconscionable.
Forget about healthcare, Trump is too busy attacking nfl players
What's in YOUR wallet, Chuck? https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/summary?cid=N00001093&cycle=2016&type=I …
Congress are the one's who put Aid together How's that going CHUCK, you do more crying then doing for USA & people in need BIG DISGRACE SEN.
and while Price is proposing more cuts to the needy nationwide...while traveling the country for his personal gain at our expense.
Is that another attempt to obstruct the President’s agenda
Oh my goodness, shut up
Fighting the repeal of a broken system for MONTHS while Millions of Americans are struggling, when you don't even have O'care... Shut up!
What healthcare. Can't afford premiums and deductibles
What do those have to do with each other? Wouldn't you need more money to rebuild PR?
There you go, I knew it wouldn't be long before you politicized the crisis in PR! Sad game Dems play!
Spitefully arguing with the NFL while citizens are without food, water & power is not only unconscionable it is indicative of mental illness
insurance is not "health care", it is insurance, a defective product sold by the insurance industry at an unconscionable cost, forced on us.
I know MULTI-TASKING is HARD! I have to do it everyday for MUCH LESS than you make!
This whole deal with trump the racism and everything he stands for is unconscionable
Why this, DEMS refused or resist for months now you under time table. Real leaders multitask. This not you MR. CRY BABY Schumer
And situation in PR is at humanitarian crisis.
Is Congress willing to temp lift the imbargo that only the US can import goods on Amer.  ?! & @realDonaldTrump 2stop whining about the NFL!
So do something, Chuckie. Trump was right HEADCLO_N
What are they going to freeze to death! Peurto Rico has dealt with hurricanes for ever! So if u live there get used to it!
No offense, Senator, but shouldn't you be able to handle both in a timely fashion? Stop the posturing and do something constructive.
HC is in the Senate and they are trying to figure out Maria's destruction before they pass the aide relief package
And that's #DOTUS in a nutshell.
Anyone surprised? I'm not.
Thank you, Chuck. So is failing to give PR statehood, or to get health care for 28 million working Americans.
Propose a surtax for hurricane and debt relief
You are members of the US congress. Please learn to walk & chew gum at the same time or get the hell out. #TermLimits
You never let a tragedy go to waste, both can be done at the same time...
Unfortunately you need to walk and chew gum at the same time; do your job like the rest of us do every Monday. Work both sides of the isle.
Fighting to repeal it all is unconscionable
Also.. @realDonaldTrump 's actions regarding #TakeAKnee.  #PuertoRico is suffering and he insists on having protests his way.

Just once it would be nice to hear Sen Schumer talk about how Dems will work with repub. on an issue and not while demanding concessions.
Thank you Chuck. Bless you and God speed.
