@SenateMajLdr @SecPriceMD @realDonaldTrump UNLOCK THOSE DOORS #SAVEACA #FIXNOTNIX #AHCA POWER TOGETHER @SenBobCorker WAKE UP
When r they going to cut the BS and ban assault weapons!
When r they going to cut the BS and ban liberals!
Too bad Republicans can't stop blamin Democrats for everything & come together on Capitol Hill instead of the sports field.
Maybe the democrats should stop insulting and falsely investigating our president, first.
Respect is earned. He hasn't even begun to do that. What's a false investigation? 
I'm not even going to bother with this one.
More Lies by the King of filibustering! All you have done for 6 months is block everything President tries to Pass! Your paid off by Soros!
Not true!! You have not united one time behind our chosen
President.
You and others in your party put your party first above America by witch hunts.
Get real obstructionist Chucky.
But not when it comes to the American people.
lets hope so you all have many people wanting you guys to out aside your issues and work for us, we the people
@realDonaldTrump House & Senate have made America very Pagan. Rome fell. Read Revelation 13:11-18. There are just 10 Commandments. Obey them
You're such a joke. You've been in office so long you can't relate to your district you have been conspicuously silent concerning shooting
Unless one team has the other team exterminated by terrorists they've incited! A Backroom play... Wouldn't you say?
Term limits only make them steal in a shorter time period.  We need RECALL back.  17th ammend i think.  Correct if wrong -might be wrong.
Is this a joke?
why can't you do that on a daily basis and put aside your party differences for the AMERICAN people who you work for! this isnt a war to win
Dubious
Unfortunately no where else #OBSTRUCTIONIST
sounds good, but they are letting a russian puppet destroy our country.  so, there's that.
It's a shame it can't do the same for the American people. It's no about games, people's lives are at stake, do your job!
Ok but forget that they're all complicit 
This was supposed to say DON'T forget... got too excited
Your "family" has stolen a Supreme Court seat & are hiding a healthcare bill from you. But sure, play ball.
wow  a whole 2 hrs..good old Nancy ,at it next morning
Thank you for withholding consent on this terrible secretive health care legislation. Stay strong!
When you delay healthcare, I can't get surgery.  You are SICK people.
Why can't u do this in public like twitter. Some of ur tweets are embarrassing coming from a so called educated leader.
And then after the game you go back to denying the people their democracy.
How about doing it on the people's field!
To bad is not what your job is basketball or baseball and not the Senate
You need to see a mental health specialist ...you and your cronies are responsible for all the hate...lynch called for blood..hope she is 
Look ... those "nice" people on the other side of the aisle voted (or are going to vote) to kill millions of us by repealing ACA.
I don't care if they are good coworkers. They voted to exterminate me and people like me.That kinda thing gets folks riled up.
shame that does not happen when working for the American people; besides the "witch-hunt" nothing happening in Washington at all;
B/S!
Nice for these fuzzy feelings after (tragic!) shooting. Scalise voted to make it easier for mentally ill ppl to get guns.  #GunControlNow
People of character come together when it's difficult not when it's easy.
Oh, how spectacular of you guys!
Can you work a deal?
A dysfunctional family at best. You people are far beyond party differences. Your a bunch of self serving liars and hypocrites. Despicable!!
Phony!
Please Senator Schumér .Don't let them take our healthcare . please ,My daughter has a pre-existing condition.I can't afford the GOP HC Plan
Too much pride, too much arrogance, it's disgusting to watch very rich people who are supposed to support us to people supporting themselves
BULLSHIT!!!
May God bless all of you!
How about putting party aside to do what is right for the people? Both parties sacrifice us to preserve their party. You all need to go!

joke!
You forgot but not too make America better for all.I'm a 58 year old woman with many health problems. I'm also very educated. Help America
Start with the guy in the mirror.
That is a load of crap and you know it.
my 8 year old also loves recess.
Hypocrite!!
So please live up to those words when working
It's sad that it doesn't happen more when it comes to actual policy to benefit the American people. Cooperation will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
But you can't put them aside in Congress. No matter what the truth is, you want @POTUS removed from office.   #soreloser #chuckgohome
Sadly that does not help the american people
Awesome!  Let's try to move that spirit to the Capital Building!
Now you need to do that in the senate and house chambers.
Another astounding comment from the ML. Can't be civil where it counts, in the halls of the Capital bld. Try it doing the people's business.
WHAT??????
Sounds nice Chuck. But you need to be honest with the people. You are partly responsible for the toxic environment in Washington.
Well, Repub leaders aren't allowing Dem elected Senators to shape healthcare for their constituents. Unity only goes so far, eh?
And don't forget, while using the AHCA to take away healthcare from 24 mill of their fellow Americans, House Repubs excluded themselves
its provisions. Again, unity only goes so far. It doesn't seem to extend beyond Washington.
Party differences maybe. What Americans are complaining about from all of you is the petty differences you cannot set aside.
I vote in NY.  You seem to be the cause of your share of conflict, for no reason but to obstruct.
In the meantime health care premiums and deductibles are unaffordable and you guys won't do a thing about it. Sad!
But not in the halls of congress!
HUH?  Who cares about the baseball & basketball fields.  You need to work together to do your job in the Capitol!
Praying everyone remember all are targets no matter what party. Never no when someone is triggered by rhetoric & lies. Unite Always. PTL
You don't serve the people. Just your own policy to pull the country apart just as you did in Obama administration
It's a shame you can't do it when it comes to your job and putting Americans first.
This means nothing if you can't find away to come together everyday and work together.
MSNBC took the night off from conspiring recklessly against POTUS only to rehash 3 year old story blaming republicans for flint water, civil
Today Schumer right back to destroying Trump and America....JUST WATCH
No sympathy.  #voterama please.  And thank you for all you do but these people do not understand anything but self interest
Oh BS Chuck, you will be right back at it over the weekend, if an assassination attempt won't move you off your partisan ass what will
So now my question is does senate/congress finally undetstand what everyday americans go through getting shot in the streets
I don't care if you come together on the baseball field we need you to come together at work for the good of our country sir
Nice Try Sen Scheemer. Trying putting aside ur Liberal Mean Spirited, Vitriolic Rhetoric & UnsubstantiatedAccusations of Russian Collusion!
You clowns tell us everyday GOP wants to kick granny out of nursing home to give tax break to rich. Wed's shooting is on you & your party.
Clever and funny Clown Prince of D.C.
You should do that in the house and Senate you are not there for you.  You are there for constituents.  Stop preaching violence.  ur fault
You're BS prayer does NOTHING! Just PR nonsense! We need you to do your jobs and revise gun laws!
Former U.S. Attorney: Democrats Have ‘Blood on Their Hands’ http://www.lifezette.com/polizette/former-u-s-attorney-democrats-blood-hands/ … via @LifeZette
So get to work
Not with you as minority antagonist.
just not when it comes to helping ordinary citizens.
Oh, please. Just go. Go away. #45 #RED
So lame where it counts the most differences r not forgotten-JOKE @TheDemocrats @GOP all y'all suck @ the real job!
The American people are sick of you Schumer!
Bullshit.
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS WHEN OBSTRUCTIONIST SCHUMER DOESN'T GET HIS WAY NEW YORKERS NEED TO VOTE SCHUMER OUT HE HAS DONE NOTHING BUT SCREW US
Why cannot it not be done for the important thing,,,America
Your party,with its 'Hate Trump' Agenda, are partially responsible for the anger & hatred you generate among your loony followers.
No  we aren't.
I'm on your side but when has Congress put aside differences on meaningful things in recent past? The Rs show no interest in working with u
Too bad they can't do it where it matters.
Their are good Democrats but you ain't one of them. The only thing u could say that anyone would like to hear is (I resign)
What Dems are doing is not party differences Quit trying to play on yesterday's attack. Would not be surprised if u & ur cronies  paid f it
Do taxpayer dollars pay for this stupid little league of theirs? I want to know!
Just shut up
Differences not put aside at any other time tho. Neil Gorsuch had unanim. approval for previous position but only GOP approved for Scotus.
It's both sides not coming together . It needs to stop the hate comes from all not just one. Be the ones to start for all Americans futures.
Not when it is important, like protecting the interests of Tax Paying hard working Americans
Thank you Mr Schumer for caring about our country. Please work together for us to all unite as Americans. Not as Democrats or Republicans
Not you Chuckie---not you!
Shut up Chuck lol
When the only thing you can get together & do jointly is to play baseball it is a disgraceful the job you are all doing!
Not any more. You serve propaganda and hate mongering. Morally bankrupt.
You're an obstructionist! All you can win is a baseball game. Forgot what winning felt like, didn't you? Prove U can govern! We're watching!
Obvious comments... you won't do it for America. 
It's not that you can't; it's that you won't. 
How good could America be? 
...If only.
Why do you lie so much?
And literally nowhere else. 
Wish you'd played the feud with amy.
Right - where it does the American people absolutely no good at all.
While you Whip the rest of America up into a heated Frenzy of Riots Stabbings and Shootings this is Sick #TermLimits #TermLimit #MAGA
Puhlease
I think what would really help is if u could only be elected for no more than 8 yrs let some young blood in
And thats it
what tripe
Major hub disease schumer u got the hub something fearse
Great, now use some of that team work on the hill and help this country out.
Great game!
I don't think so I think you say this untruth now because you want to seem like a decent person but everyone knows your true colors
Please intergrate the seating in the house and the senate then maybe everyone could see each other as people and work together, schools did.
This is by far the biggest lie you've ever spoken
Your ego has outgrown your head Schumer
Great! Now join together and do the People's business and fix #Healthcare not repeal it or take it away from millions! #trumpMustGo
Too bad you can't do it when it matters.   Work together and get something done for the good of the country!
Shout out to MLB Network & the Washington Nationals for video of tonight's Congressional Baseball Game on C-SPAN!
But never on the house or senate floor !!
Chuckie, You are one of the most partisan hacks. You are the problem. #resignnow
This domestic gun violence against GOP illustrative of the toxicity of chaotic dysfunctional government=no longer civil nor representative.
Can't even bring myself to make a snarky comment about THE LAST EIGHT YEARS. When does the family come together to save the country?
I know. For 8 years we had a mature, emotionally stable , competent President, and now a minority elected Trump. What a letdown.
Yeah, way to pass a resolution hailing defenders of homeland after 1 day, and yet you let russia attack our elections with no consequence
But it hasn't carried over into work so who cares?
Yr so full of garbage it' s coming out of yr ears. No 1 in recent senatorial HX is so wrong for the time they serve than U. Despicable!!
That is great. Now it would be awesome if this could be done when it counts for all Americans. #MAGA
To bad you democrats don't put American citizens first
How about at work? Don't U see the sad sad irony in your statement?  I'm a democrat. Get something done about healthcare, EPA, equal rights.
If anything happens to our president you have the blood on your hands with all the lies and incitements you spew.
