GOD BLESS THE POTUS AND SAVE HIM FROM SATANS ARMIES IN DC
You gross me out with your political ignorance
President Trump has done nothing to be impreached for! There are no facts or evidence!  Real Americans will back their president!
Potus trump our greatest pres of all time
or Nancy.  She is still looking for the "real people" & her token muslem.
IMPEACH TRUMP
Amen, all the mothers and families realize this president is a traitor.
Too bad your mother didn't use birth control We are stuck with your idiocy
Is this partisan?
Thank you for all you do to protect us!
You can make many moms happy this week if you convince your R colleagues to begin impeachment proceedings
There is nothing but hatched up lies. Trump sent Graham, cert.letter with taxes. Why aren't you talking about? NO Russian anything!!!!!!!!!!
The letter was from attorneys he paid. Do you think he's going to pay them to say he's in debt up to his eyeballs w/Russia.
The sky is falling, the sky falling. You another news source
We really need to get Trump out sir..he is a security risk and worse, a fool. Please start the process.
Moms will feel a lot better if they didn't have to wear that heavy scarf in the summer
Nobody is getting impeached . SCHUMER is doing heavy lifting for George SOROS and the rothschilds trying to stop americas return to power
Please keep working to help women with their healthcare
In other words .. we will take your grandchildren money..
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Schumer.
Thank you!
Watch carefully. Reports saying Trump will destroy WH tapes if Senate wants to hear them.
thank you and wishing you can prevail upon your colleagues that woman physiology is NOT a "preexisting condition" @acognews
Happy Mother's day to you! You MF.
I'm surprised you have a mom Schmucky. You look like you simply slithered out from under a wet rock.
now chuckie that implies gender you bigot.
Keep up the good work. About 1,000 seats nationwide gone. You and Nancy keep it up!  Soon we can start enjoying prosperity!  End our debt!
Thank you!!!!
Why not indicate that the Torah says to honor your mother. It is a commandment of God. You are morally corrupt. Repent!
Senator Schumer. Disappointed in u for not saying the right name. It's Happy #PreexistingCondition Day, sir! Keep on fighting
I feel sorry for your mother how you turned out. Pier a hater for your country socialists. Lazy senator 110 still done nothing complained
Thank you Mr. Schumer. So grateful for you
What about trans-grandmas?
Don't say all don't want your praise
I forgot you snowflakes need it
The LGBT community is going to be very mad at you over this tweet Chuckie!  There are no genders & it is bigoted to think so!
Chuckie that's so nice but you don't mean it. If you did you would support the health care bill to get rid of Obamacare. Ins. Co's. are gone
Your best tweet since I have been following you. Keep it up.
Thanks Chuck!
Bsrf
What, no hate for them, or the hate will show for them in his politics?
wishing u a very Happy Mother's Day right back, so a Grandmother would also be a Mom-right so redundant wish? PS: Grandmother's day is 9-10
If you really cared, you would work with @POTUS for lower taxes to help MOMS!  #Hypocrite #Obstructionist 
That's the nicest words out of your mouth in A long time.  Thank you! And the same to the Moms in your circle of friends!
Same to you as the Mother of Obstruction!
Wishing you a massive heart attack!
Thank You Sen Schumer.  We'll have the best Mother's Day ever if we can succeed in getting Trump impeached and out of OUR White House.
idiot
Thank you!
Thank you for supporting ANTIFA Chuck. We couldn't do it without you. #BashTheFash
That's true you can't do anything unless your told what to do
TY
Thank you!
Thank you Sir! 
U, THANKS, SIR!!!!!!# RESIST
Wishing you would stop being an obstructionist.
Thanks for your sweet message, Senator. Although you're not a mama I'm so grateful for all you do to make the world better for all of us.
Chucky what does that loud mouth do New York showboat doesn't work both sides of the aisle as elected cares less of country socialists nuts
Schumer is a political hack and a weasel!
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator! 
Mom Chorus: Shut it down. No work until independent investigation and/or prosecution. Ask @SenateMajLdr Obstruction works. #ShutItDown
Mom Chorus: shut it down. No work until Dems stop pushing grown men in little girls bathrooms .
Chuckie, that is the most non-hate tweet you have made in months.
Looking forward to seeing you @CNNSotu with @jaketapper !
Wishing your wife a wonderful Mother's Day and your mother wherever she is - as she did a wonderful job Senator ! Mazeltov !
Until Trump sees some accountability, this mom isn't happy that my life's work of raising honest accountable children means little to GOP.
You let your grown boys go into girl's bathrooms?
My sons college dorm had co Ed bathrooms starting in 2007!!! Never a line in the Boys so mostly that meant girls had majority use of 2!!
Good deal. They will feel comfortable going to the little girls bathroom when the feel the urge.
How about the Great Grandmothers and mothers to be , you mustn't forget them.
He already forget the trans-mothers and trans-grandmas.
Thank you!
There's a lie! You don't care about every day Americans like me!!!!
As every one does. Even to those who's mother's have past. My they live in our hearts forever.
just tweeting to see your own tweet?
Many thanks, @SenSchumer!
My mother would be distraught at the direction of the country if she were alive. I'm glad she is not here to see her @gop be complicit w/DJT
Especially to Melania, given the living Hell she puts up with daily as an abandoned mother.
Honestly, she's a 1000x better off.
Good luck this morning, Chuck! Go get 'em.
Barf I chocked on that one
Any comments on the Mensch Taylor tweets about Trump sealed indictments and warrants issued? Line of succession to Hatch? TY Senator.
Thank You Sen Schmer
Up chuck
Thank you, keep up the good work.
