You and the Dems are ridiculous.
And you're obviously BLIND!!! DJT is a Traitor; no American ought to be okay with THAT.
Bring on the proof instead of speculation and conjecture. Has there been any proof of anything yet?
So you are saying you would trust DJT alone with any female you care about...yeah right? If you haven't figured it out yet. You're a lost...
lol that's funny. I think they would be just fine around DJT. I am sure you never exaggerated around your buddies.
History is watching the DNC collapse because it is being held hostage by a bunch of subversive obstructionist deconstructionist socialists
This is obscene.no time to waste,get Comey in here & get Trump et al out. We want our country back #ProtectOurDemocracy #ImpeachTrumpPence
If the Dems do not quit bashing this President, the backlash to the Democratic Party will be unprecedented! never a Dem President again!
Some people are so lost, following an idiot that makes our country look bad, he can't even be trusted! He's wicked and evil!
I am glad we agree that Chuck is evil and wicked
I was talking about y'all president! !
Oh I see that your sentence formation goes with your thought process !! Sorry for thinking differently!!
Typical can't dispute cry not
Meanwhile at Congress...
#TermLimitsNow
You have been squealing like stuck pigs since Trump said he'd drain the swamp. Nothing proven 2 date.Keep focus on Trump not on politicians.
Yes it is, and we are watching you bloviate and opine since your candidate lost. Nothing more. Just another step to stop this President.
That's all Lyon has...cry fake accounts then hides behind block. Typical liberal false accusation and hiding
Yep, history will show you tearing our country apart from the inside. By doin so you are only making our enemies stronger. WAKE UP CHUCK!!!
The Message to your colleagues should include "The Democratic attack on our President is also an attack on the Americans who voted for him".
History is watching. You and the rest of Dems will go down as liars and conspiracy theorists. You obviously didn't hear the American people.
Wishing it does not make it so!
Unprecedented.??? Really.  Hillary, and obama did things that were far worse. Selling out our country to Russia and Iran. For $ and a crappy
What You Say Chuck?
History is watching the Dems lie & instead of uniting the Party w/ real issues you continue in fantasies and party division. .
@SenSchumer
Yes i agree country is being compromised by scumbags who cant stand America and whose only mission is to retain job & power Well done Chuck
Will NEVER FORGET!!!!
Yes, history is watching. Watching how a US Admin has been obstructed by Dems, who r creating a NatSec issue. U ppl don't care
@SenSchumer
Chuck just likes starting shit instead of doing his job
Yes history is watching & people are wondering if you & other career politicians have something to hide in that swamp called Washington?
So far congress is failing the test and Election Day will be here pretty fast. Congress needs to step up.
And I pray that the democrats will dig themselves into an even bigger hole and disappear. You are an embarrassment to our country.
Yes it is and the country sees your legal bias when compared to the 2016 DemocRAT Presidential candidate email scandal. Right Chuck?

As are Americans, more closely than ever. We wasted six years being ineffective and lacking effective strategy.
Another day, another fake news story by the liberal media and Chucky Schumer...
"Liberal media" you ever seen a climate scientist, peace activist, or civil rights lawyer on TV unopposed?
To bad Chuckie was not this outraged over the Confirmed mishandling of secret docs by hillary.  Wheres the indictments of Hill, Huma,Wiener
@ohhhagnes. Continue to demand an "independent" investigator. Don't just leave it to JD. They can still control things.
You and all the libs .including the liberal press are the ones dead set on destroying our country and history will prove that
Bigger question I have is are we beyond repair?  I hope not my children have to live in this mess after the fact.
Watch CHUCKY live from the senate floor.. he's never looked better !!! #FAKENEWS #FAKENEWS #FAKENEWS #FAKENEWS #FAKENEWS #FAKENEWS #FAKENEWS
Says the guy who listened to Trump for more than 5 seconds and thought "This guy is a genius, right here". #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
No they did that for8 years under Obama.
Hey, your supporting the doufus who turned our intelligence community against himself. That's a fucking brilliant move eh? #LockHimUp
It was very corrupt under Obama, everything hush up don't say anything. Obama & Clintons should already be in jail.
It's gonna be OK Chuckie,the failures,lies and slimy corruption of the last 8 years are behind us now,adults are now in charge .MAGA
Yes we are watching. What are you doing?
Nothing in NY!
Then work together to get something done.
It is b/c of u & the other dems in the traitor party. U r the cause of this. You should be investigated for trying to overthrow a presidency
History will not deal with kindly
Schumer, why don't you STFU? You're a partisan moron only looking to enrich yourself our expense, just like you're partner in crime Killary!
#termlimits. You need to go.
We all know Dems want their Wet Dream Impeachment! The BIG Story! Seth Rich killed by DNC hit squad for leaking to WIKILEAKS.
And history will judge you Chuck, your partisan politics are abhorrent . This will be your last term. America has had enough.
You are correct.  No other president has ever been treated with such disrespect.  Democrats are acting like petulant children.  Stop.
Yes it is! I think yours will be a legacy of failure to deliver and partisan pandering
And so are we!
Chuck your the one testing it.
I figure we made it through the civil war we'll probably survive doofusgate
History is watching the Liberals disrespecting our Election process thus causing a dangerous level of chaos
Get your colleagues to start behaving like AMERICANS!  You and they are TOTAL OBSTRUCTIONISTS!  YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED!!!
OMG you awful person - history was watching obama break the country with you, Reid and pelosi, and of course crooked Hillary. You are slimy
You're right, I've NEVER in my life seem such vitriol and bitterness and stompy fee tantrums from any group in my life than you liberals!
Sadly white American rewrite history all the time; why you think millions of us feel the civil war losers should be memorialized.Only in USA
Because of all your lies & @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters .... u should be indicted 4 yr lies
Shamful unfit to lead
Maybe you and your fellow Senators should do the JOB you were HIRED to do; RUN the country for the people not for your own agendas
History is watching you & #democrats go absolutely insane, determined to destroy @POTUS & America in jealous rage just cause #hillary lost!
One might even say "history has its eyes on you"...
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @LouDobbs @seanhannity @SpeakerRyan  Why hasn't Senate Ethics Committee had Chuckie testify on his lying?
Yesss
Agreed. #SpecialProsecutorNow
They are watching you and the liberal wing make fools of themselves
@errollouis @jimsciutto  Trump tweets and Comey memos has made Flynn testimony non-valuable and Flynn is on his own.
Yep. We are watching you, you silly, hyperbolic man. Breathless with anticipation to see what kind of wild story you dream up next on DJT.
Well Chucky boy you are a clown after all.
Read ISRAPUNDIT from Israel paper.DA on James Comey/ Peter Comey/ John Giacolone resigned FBI 2016.also Lockhead Martin
Don't be to fast to look in to HSBC 6 M in London for J Comey/ also PComey got a 711,000 bank money for house free.
Thank you, @SenSchumer for standing up for #Americans.  @realDonaldTrump needs to be impeached for treason.Classified info to russians? SAD!
I never thought our country would be destroyed by its own children. If you have even a crumb of conscience left stop this madness
We're getting tired of it all. The stupid media! The Democrats and GOP! We hope 2 NEW PARTIES EMERGE! Everyday a new impeachment saga!
And history will not be kind to lying, seditious democRATS. #DrainTheSwamp
Move on the world is laughing only you care about the drama
Just subscribed to CRTV. Wow- best station ever for news. Michelle Malkin is a rock star. If you want real reporting this is the place to be
You better look in the mirror Schumer
Impeach.  Impeach.  Impeach.
When do you clowns find time to do the job we are paying you to do? You're always tweeting!!!
I say history will expose you as an obstructionist to the tenth power
They sure are and you aren't looking good Senator
Yes - By YOU and the Fascist Democrats trying to usurp our President in every way possible! Cause you THINK somehow That's a GOOD thing?!
Yup!  Watching the democrats act like fools
America is watching the DEMS IN DESTRUCTION OF OUR GOVERNMENT
And your aiding and abetting our Bankrupy. Do you have GrandChildren, for CHRIST Sake!?!?! Oh, wait, he's bad too

"Why does the Federal Government find it necessary that our kids 5-12 read the Hadith/Quran?" This is absurd! 
Blah... blah... blah...
@MEEggert When testing software or hardware, you load it until it fails. Trump is doing that to America. Let's hope he fails.
YES, #HistoryIsWatching
#GOP Delaying &do more!Congress needs resources &
mandates #911Style #IndependentCommission w/ #SpecialProsecutor
Why don't you just stop..and resign meatball
America is watching you wreck the Democratic Party!
You are the Lead Tester
You are the ultimate bozo.
It's Watergate revisited.  Books will be written, and they will not be kind to those in Congress who sat on their hands and did nothing.
To hell with history. Impeach trump.
Stop tweeting and do something
History has its eye on you, and all of us. Who lives, who dies, who tells your story?
Our Allies are watching!
Special prosecutor needed to investigate murder of Seth Rich.
Where is Comey's memo. No one has seen it?
You are a career politician swamp creature who will totally be remembered for little more than alligator tears.
History books will filled with that quote.
Stop the nonsense AND GET TO WORK you clown 

It's called #DrainTheSwamp
Well the Romans fell from within. From homosexuality & led pipes . This one will fall because of constant Lies from you wackadoos! I'm saved
You are on your own hate filled path, anyone who thinks you are a leader is sick, watch Trump and learn to be a leader.
Terrorists were given as ransom for a traitor (Bergdahl) remember him? While u did nothing. History was watching when Obama went to Israel
Legistlation ever written was crammed down our throat while u sat and did nothing. History was watching as $5 billion dollars and 4
History will show your coup failed, and you will most like hang for treason chucky. #ExDems4Trump2020
It's certainly watching you Chuck. After 8 years of screwing the country into the ground it's still the Dems way or violent outrage
Ya history was watching as Obama made the worst deal ever with Iran. U did nothing! History was watching when Ocare the worst piece of
Go down in history as having the courage to be part of the solution, NOT complacent and hiding high crimes & misdemeanors of all involved.
No Schumer we're looking now history is 4 the books Trump is pissing all over Constitution & values dossier said he like 2 piss mattresses
The American voters are watching you clowns as well Chuckles.
I am not your colleague I am not your friend I am"AMERICA" I voted him in he is my president, keep pushing and you will what our strength is
No shit. History will think that we were big idiots to let this happen. #justsayin
What we need is you people out of DC, you have become so politicized you forget that for every 1 of you that hate him 1 of us love him.
As Omaha goes, so too go your 2018 and 2020 hopes.  Dems better wise up and get a position on issues rather than resistance.
you are a major part of the problems we have today.  
#cleantheswamp
#schumeristheproblem
So is the constituency
The country is being torn apart by people like u .
I say we have idiots like Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi Dianne Feinstein sit down in the middle of North Korea
They don't care about history. They'll be dead by the time the books are written. They care about 2018.
"History has its eyes, on you"
History? Legacy? Act now. We are watching NOW
Actually the voters are watching.
Drain the swamp!!! Your the problem!!! Once again you creating yet another pipe dream!!!
Democracy is being threatened by the Democratic Party
You are starting a CIVIL WAR.
Obstructionist, liar, ANTI-AMERICAN SCHUMER.
That's right, and you are going down in history has one of the stupid people who destroyed America!
Chuck ur pathetic. Amazing how u attempt 2 place a negative stamp on OUR Pres.Ur a hypocrite.All the corruption under obama & u did nothing
Yes we are.
History is always watching. Always
If Trump was a contestant on Apprentice he would have heard "You're Fired" weeks ago. Sad! #Boot of Impeachment is Coming
You to chuckles we are watching
How much more do you guys need to start impeachment?
Don't you mean your COMRADES in the Senate?
Guess they weren't for 8 years.
In Trump, We Have A Financially-Driven and Corrupt Russian Sympathizer, Threatening America, Democracy and Allies - Time to Impeach
The leakers are guilty of treason not the prez. U r so dramatic and what u, ur party and the left media r doing is destroying this country.
Still a 100% liar. A sic man. N Y should dump him, have they no pride??
What the World needs now, is Love, sweet Love, it's the only thing that there's just too little of!
You're just going to screw it up again. Be accountable
There is no going back from this.  The public is tired of the never ending shit show. It has to be put to an end.
With pence being complicit... that isn't going to fly either... Ryan and McConnell also.  I hope congress doesn't plan on getting much done.
This shit is all you're going to be dealing with.
@SenJohnMcCain @GOP @maddow @TheDemocrats   AS VIETNAM VET, TOOK OATH 2 DEFEND COUNTRY! SAME HOLDS TRUE FOR 535 MBRS CONGRESS!!!
WORLD LEADERS, NATO, ALLIES R CONCERNED ABOUT TRUMP! PLZ USE COUNTRY FIRST VS PARTY!!
When they raised their right hand, it seems they have forgotten the oath they took.  How can an adult sanction insanity unless ruled by fear
Integrity is not the rule of those ruled by fear and greed. How can they NOT know the consequences to we, the People? I am ashamed of them.
 You don't say?! Wondering if THIS was in a #ComeyMemo  Obama’s Comments About Clinton’s Emails Rankle Some in FBI
Yes! America is being tested and even @FOXTV @foxandfriends MUST STOP COVERING UP TRUMP ENDANGERING AMERICA! Follow Exxon OIL trail!
This I will agree with you on, But the strife is being created internally.  The Media, if you haven't noticed is in all out war with Trump.
Well, what are you doing about it? @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
