Like your party did from the inception of Nafta and the other deficit deal. Keep quiet Chuck. You're over your head & it's starting to show.

Glad you have the freedom of tough talk, though! Being critical of Israeli apartheid is not antisemitism and it should not be illegal.
Obama and Democrats did nothing for 8 years for working Americans .
@teetoyou 
Replace "who is smarter" with "what is a better deal"...JS
I will be his real name is Chuckie Fudge  !
Uh hummmm...doesn't that insult "fudge"? Lol
Nobody would know Talk is Cheap better than you!
You're literally plagiarizing repubs slogan.....
A better deal would be you, your democratic colleagues and the RINOs like McCain were thrown out of office & investigated for corruption.
Amen, Amen and Amen! send them all home and without their "entitlement" pensions
And you have to approve it to really see what's in it. What and idiot but a great pair. Throw in M Waters and J Lewis and you have a 4 some
What is this better deal. Are you ashamed to show it to you. We deserve to see the plan. Show us the writte plan.
All they have so far is a slogan and they may allow pro-lifers in!!?? No plan!
Chucky nailed it..."talk is cheap"-his "talk" cheapest of all-bad slogan sure not gonna hide that!
Such a lame slogan but, it describes what they have ..nothing but a used car. Better Deal-- used car salesmen.
...with a burnt out engine no less! Lol
AND YOU AND PELOSI WOULD KNOW CHEAP TALK !!! YOU PEOPLE IN CONGRESS .......L   I   E  !
Yeah you were tough,  gave away American workers for Votes.  Where in the hell do you come up with these lines ??

Can you hear yourself?
That fits you perfectly Cuck
We will pass. We have seene wht u guys do when in power...NOTHING..
All of them, Dem's and Rep's NOTHING Fire them all and replace them with the three stooges. Oh we already did that. :(
Voters, consider the fact that Dems 'A Better Way' only came about b/c 'Old Way' showed who they really are Better Way is not natural 2 them

LOL CAN'T WAIT TO VOTE IN 2018!!  #DRAINTHESWAMP CHUCKIE!
By the time we get to mid terms and 2020 it's going to be more like Restore America
No, that's now and he's doing great job. More jobs, less unemployment an robust stock market. Blame yourselves for imploding Health Care.
No You are defending a president under criminal investigation he warned you about it you just didn't realize it would be him do the research
Chucky's snake oil salesman-no trust n him whatsoever-research-needs 2go-Old guard destroying party
Jeez, Chuck, you & laughing boy really did propose that! http://dailycaller.com/2013/05/17/flashback-schumer-franken-urged-irs-to-target-tea-party-in-2012/ … 
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jun/5/irs-reveals-list-of-tea-party-groups-targeted-for-/ … They must have listened. Proud?
Where were u last 8 years. Ineffective. This is Trump's agenda...glad u agree with him to make trade deals better for America.
Your the swamp that hasn't done anything the American People
What a GREAT idea which is why .@realDonaldTrump is .@POTUS 
#chuckles
That's exactly what @realDonaldTrump has been saying for months.  Glad you are onboard now Chuck!
Stop trying to steal @realDonaldTrump s thunder you slithering, slimy chameleon. Be original..cry
#DRAINTHATSWAMP 
#ChuckyTheClown
The President isn't just talking...that's all we hear from you. U haven't done a thing for anyone but yourself that I can see.
He has done a great job of resisting good ideas and not making any suggestions - Oh yea. That proves your point - done nothing Schumer Dem's
Once again: Republicans can't govern.  Democrats can't communicate.
Fire them all and lets start over with term limits
They're getting #ABetterDeal. @RealDonaldTrump is Making America Great Again. Economy is roaring. Trade deals re-negotiated.#toolateschmucky
Schumer reminds me of a pedophile. Just disturbing to look at. Wait haven't a lot of Dems been arrested for similar crimes.
Ur a joke. U obstruct the presidency and lie about DEMS are willing to work with Rep.
I lie it's been u who's pushed not to help. LIAR
The better deal is if all you Dumb-O-craps just leave the country like you said you were going to.
Are u Republican now?

you seriously could be replaced by a talking parrot and no one would notice
You never worked a day in your life. #SlaveMasterChuck
Dems 2016 "WE'RE NOT TRUMP!"
Dems 2017 "We're so TOTALLY Trump!"
Dems 2018 "WE'RE MORE TRUMP THAN TRUMP IS! CHY-NA!!"
But you chastised Trump for this before you tried to steal it? weird very strange
American has what we need in @realDonaldTrump - Stop trying to run on his policies and do your job.
okay, then stop resisting @realDonaldTrump agenda and help enact change.  Wait, yup- just your #lies to voters b/c "#Dems care about #USA "
At dealership today - Buick Encore 68% Korean, 18% Chinese, 14% other. Thank you Dems/Obama as Flint, MI rots with no jobs.
..... because @SenSchumer obviously knows more about trade deals than a career businessman. Flush yourself #swamp
No offense. I think Americans need you to watch and learn from the experts. Nothing beats knowledge and experience. #MAGA
22,000 market,suck on that
U guys had 8 years and u failed massively. Out of touch, and know ur just stealing Trumps talking points. Weakkkk!
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/892897435462270976 …
One of the worst slogans I've ever heard, second only behind "I'm with her".
Well, at least he admitted that talk is cheap.  Better trade for America is Trumps program and now after 7 years Democrats are interested
Yeah you know all about cheap talk we hear every time you open your Butt Cheeks
Yes, a better deal than you.  Go away chuck.  No one believes your bs
you need to come up with your own ideas stop taking the http://president.You  lost most of the white middle class voters by lying
Sir Nafta is the least of our issues get healthcare fixed stop thinking us americans have a 5 minute attention span lets go!
Protection:An “American Jobs Council” that would have authority to block foreign investments if...could be proven that they could cost jobs.
You should know Schumer as you having been talking for 8 years and " doing nothing" but being an obstructionist ! Retire !
I am sure @POTUS will do fine.  More than you did in past 20 years.
Then run as R and help push through the agenda of the POTUS who won on exactly this platform.
Again the last better d Al you had was Kennedy
This is what Trump campaign on
You thought you had another 8yr vacation. Chuckles you make me laugh! Now you have to work, but it's not working:)
Like you on ocare oh wait you get 74% subsidy so you don't even follow rules you set
Does anyone still trust the Democrats who sold us out to fix the problems they created with NAFTA?
What we need is u life time politicians to stay out of the way.   Haven't you killed enough US jobs not to mention the CA bank because of u
Thank god it's not TPP let's talk about ending or replacing NAFTA
Chuck, the Better Deals Coming! America is looking forward to you losing more seats so that we can make America Great Again.
From you guys???? ROFL
Where were you when You first passed the trade deals? Wasn't that during Clinton?
yep, Im one of those who follows just to laugh at this jokers tweets. They are trying sooo hard right now. To late. You had 8 years
Oh...so you're going to try to take credit for all Trumps campaign promises. Now that you see he meant them & is initiating them
Ahh so that's why we have all these really good Strong trades deals u & obama made during the last 8 yrs U r incapable of the truth
Yes that's why we voted for Trump we're sick of your b.s. lies & inaction! #MAGA
#MAGA
A #BETTERDEAL for Americans would be to vote politicians like you out of office
COPYCAT!! . #MAGA trademark not yours. We already got a better deal and more on the way. 
Well this is certainly revealing. Finally Schumer tells the truth. Yes, indeed, ur tough talk is truly that, cheap!
Lyin' Cryin' Chuck now supporting @realDonaldTrump's campaign. A little late for the #JokeOfADeal
your president liked TPP, this @POTUS defended the @AFLCIO members and blew it up. so again, nice try chuckles but #ABetterDeal is #DT #maga
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS DONE MORE TO REPAIR THE DAMAGE DEMOCRATS HAVE DONE OVER EIGHT YEARS IN SIX MONTHS.AND YOU CHUCK HAVE DONE NOTHING
Why did you not talk tough when bills  and Trade Deals were being put together. WAS IT BECAUSE OF INCOMPETENCE ON OBAMA'S PART. very poor.
But all you and your Democrats are offering is cheap talk. Same reheated liberal plans that haven't worked in the past.
I've voted for & seen what you call #ABetterDeal for 40+ years! How about we vote in #ABetterCongress instead? Only lobbyists #BuyAmerica

Trump coukd get a lot more accomplished for all Americans if you woukd quit harassing him. Never seen anything like this before!
Ha ha ha just like last eight?  HYPOCRITES
You try to talk tough but it comical...
Strong action from the snowflake Democrats? You are dreaming. Just will follow your love with another wimp like Obama
Again someone else's talking point....oh yeah Pres. Trump...keep endorsements coming
Nice job copying trumps #MAGA ideas Senator.
Yep we need to remove you from office and get an honest politician installed. #DrainTheSwamp
That is why every deal we made under the last ass hat sucked for Americans, right?
Let me guess, u guys  have what it takes to make  that happen?  You had the chance to help for the past 8 yrs, but u turned our backs on us.
Schumer u do more talking and obstruction than anyone else in NY except 4 cheap sh!t DeBlasio
@realDonaldTrump
Practice wt u preach @SenSchumer-u/Dems lying obstructionist NWO elitists plotting against MY Pres/Amer-take ur deal n...
Don't believe crying is going to help a great deal sch.
That's why we elected Pres Trump.
From the man who NEVER held a job in the workplace only in politics, you know NOTHING about middle American workers, or low income people
https://www.circa.com/story/2017/08/01/embargoed-until-6-pm-former-obama-aide-ben-rhodes-now-a-person-of-interest-in-house-intelligence-committee-unmasking-investigation …
Yes Chuck we do need a better deal that's why we hired @realDonaldTrump
Here we go again more bullshit from the left!!!!
lmao #ABetterDeal for illegal aliens.
Can we have a better slogan and candidates that run on dem core values not Faux dems
@teetoyou @realDonaldTrump
Chuck start by going home-We HAVE gr8 deal w/Pres Trump-huge raw deal w/you n self serving Dems
Amen sister.
OH I SEE NOW Washington Post source
It's even cheaper when you have someone type it in Spanish for you.
What a joke! The bumper sticker is a recycle of the same old Robin Hood democrat policies
Translation:   I didn't do shit for the previous 8 years but I know what to tell others to do now.  Better deal - Same shit different day
we already have A Better Deal,its called Donald Trump
why does NYC keep electing this do nothing Senator; he needs to go people; term limits for career politicians like Schumer
That's why we elected Trump.
Dems need a better slogan.  This one just is too weak and uninspiring
You're talking to Barry right?
Stop trying to make fetch happen (substitute "a better deal" for "fetch" in this sentence). Please come up with a better slogan.
That slogan sucks. Here's the slogan; WE ARE THE GODDAMN MAJORITY. Act like it
Grow up chuckie you lost!
What America needs: political news in an exciting and fun collectible card game: http://ThePartisanNews.com 
Why didn't you push this during the 8 years of POTUS 44 term?
Every time you open yor mouth I hear blah, blah, blah, blah, blah!!
Demand Trump's resignation now!  Stop being a victim of the republicans!
 #MAGA
You DEMs are trying to sell a worthless bill of goods! #ABetterSteal employers will layoff worker's and raise cost of products to compensate
u r a idiot
@seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @peggy_fruge
#ABetterDeal #abe better known ad #Samecrock as last 8 yrs
And you won't get it here. 

We know how to:
OBSTRUCT
SPEND OTHER PEOPLE' S MONEY
LIE
DEFAME
FOLLOW ALINSKY'S RULES
AND WE LOVE OURSELVES
I like you, Senator Schumer, but I do not like the slogan " A Better Deal". Yuck. We aren't bargaining chips out here.
A Better Deal than what?
THE LAST 8 YEARS?

Stick with it CHUCKIE. Even your crew is against it.
That sounds like some tough talk to me.
Lay out your basis for impeachment
Americans do not need your deal .
We already have the BEST DEAL!
Crying chuck wouldn't know how to be tough if his glasses were on fire.
#ABetterSteal will cause more unemployment and high cost of living!Employers will layoff worker's and raise cost of products to compensate!
Yes we've known this Chuck
