Children's hospitals oppose new health care bill that would cut #medicaid for kids: http://BIT.LY/2XBKBTW 
Millions losing coverage because of Obama care its worthless, hurts all working Americans
How about all Americans
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman @SenCapito How many children are you willing to let suffer in name of party?
#No on GrahamCassidyBill.
Medicare is going broke, how do you think Medicare for all would be funded, I know you say the wealthy, but need to be serious, cost $$$$$$$
1st, Medicare is not "going broke". It's paid by a separate payroll tax and, so long as congress stops misappropriating that $ it'll be fine
You are correct with the payroll tax and if we want a gov't single payer system it should be funded the same way, payroll tax.
Not sure where money is going, maybe they are stealing it, just like from Social Security. All I know is 21Trillion is not Fake News.

It is morally and ethically repugnant! We must stand up!
There's something inhumane abt possibly killing kids in order to save money to give the rich a tax break 
It's the parents responsibility to take care of their children. Not the goverment!!
@SenSchumer A party where abortion is a cornerstone of their platform is full of hypocrisy acting as if they care for children.
Would you stop throwing phony numbers out, it's like on Election night Hillary was going to win 89% chance!
@SenatorLeahy @hospitals4kids NO to GrahamCassidy!
There showing their colors Republicans are that way greed
Do your job enforce the constitution you represent the peasants the people of America
It would slash #Medicaid, the nation's largest health care program for kids. Here's our statement on why we oppose: https://www.childrenshospitals.org/newsroom/press-releases/2017/cha-statement-on-graham-cassidy-repeal-bill …
You'll have lied and manipulated the truth so much the only people who believe your shit is the sheep who follow you
I find it funny how people are so outraged with the GOP plan.  People have not read the plan, but they know exactly what is in it
LIAR WHY ARE YOU SO DISHONEST.  You hypocrite?

How do you know?? You said you don't even know what is in it. Saying GOP bad for doing what you did 8 years ago. 3 ppl - closed doors
ACA is not irreplaceable. What are you doing to fix ACA problems besides complaining. If you don't have a solution....Step Aside!
Are you on Obamacare?  If you answer No, then you have no say in the matter. You don't count
You can't kick 30 million off a plan when there isn't that many on it!
Stop tossing fake numbers. Now its 30 million kids. Or is it 30 million adults?
Govt debt to which former Dem Pres added >$9 Trillion & whose interest will bankrupt the ppl ending all Dem socialist progressive programs
#STFU
Senators! WITHHOLD CONSENT!!  Stand firm! Grab your moderate GOP buddies, work for the people and not for profit!
I expect ALL of Sen Dems to support #MedicareForAll. Time to stop taking your bribes...I mean, 'campaign donations' from Big Pharma.
Insurance for me at 63 is 820 a mo with 6250 deductible. Its worthless I pay the unconstitutional penalty yearly and have no insurance
Hard to think this many uninformed people have an opinion.
That's a lie. Please present evidence of that please. People  are tired of being given half truths

.@SenSchumer refuses to back #MedicareForAll but voted to spend another $700 million of OUR MONEY on bombs and murder https://twitter.com/ap/status/909912774465277952 …
Those Children should be in Medicaid. No Obamacare.  I'm fed up with paying the penalty
What is wrong with them!
Please detail your findings to support the 30 million number.
You people do little to no work. Instead of tearing down others bills why don't you write one that works? You should all be removed asap
I agree anyone voting against getting rid of aca will lose there job. Donald Trump was elected to get rid of aca!!!!!
Total baloney.
Is this more scare tactics by Democrats? How do you know what's in the Bill? You are probably blowing something out of proportion as usual.
#cutmedicare to pre Obama levels!
Great. That's a no brainer but we need you to be FOR something. Listen to your constituents and cosponsor #MedicareForAll
Looks like ypu need some cheese with all the wining you do
Pump up the volume and rally the troops. Must fight this last ditch, mindless vote. Wiser GOPers, great place to take a stand.
For the people, not just to make a vacuous point.
KILL IT ON THE FLOOR
PERMANENTLY
PULEEEEEZE!!!
#MedicareForAll
You say that until your waiting 6months just so see your primary doctor and another 10 for a specialist...
First, DO NO HARM. GOD BLESS AMERICA. ;)
@SenateGOP DO NOT vote for Graham-Cassidy! Or YOU go on this NO healthcare plan. Good enough for you, #GOP. #ProtectOurCare #NoTrumpcare
Call your representatives now save the children and people with pre  exsisting disease which is all of us
U R So Full OF it! I grew up in Hartford they have CLINICS. IN MOST TOWNS! They DON'T NEED OBAMACARE! STOP THE LYING!
look i am 62 retired with no health insurance Medicaid denied me as an unemployed person, but the dreamers should now come on
Here we go with the children again yet you approve of abortion. Hypocritical
Stop fear mongering
U fail mandate costly daily govvtcorp law contract violations which are fed violations for years. So your a fraudster too.
There's no alternative 2 a modified plan.  Hopefully, DACA will not pass, millions of HC users will B deported & a plan like G-C will cover
UK has free healthcare.  They just announced, crushing cost, forces them to deny HC to unhealthy groups; obese & smokers.  Obese=30BMI
We don't know what U support?  Can't B AHC, that's financially dead.  Is it 'free' HC?  Ypu cna't afford that either.  Debt grows 2.3B daily
This latest version is the electoral college of healthcare. Weighting the value of red-state citizens at more value than blue. #Shameful
This is fear mongering.  G-C will stop Medicaid expansion.  ME covered healthy people of working age, not children.  30 something's, gamers!
Democrats don't care about children.  Over 50 million murdered by abortion
Republicans have repeatedly shown they care 0 about 99% of Americans. Hard to fathom their countless repeal motions for the ACA! Shame!!
Donald Trump was elected to end aca. Stop illegal immigration.get out of Paris agreement and BUILD THAT WALL. I guess u r on wrong side.
@SenSchumer @hospitals4kids @SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain PLEASE read this Senator McCain!
Read it and weep! Cut Medicare repeal obamacare and no replace! @gop turncoats need 2 get their act together and @SenJohnMcCain is the worst
500,000 veterans are still being denied their EARNED HC at the VA where BTW they will get next to NOTHING anyway. PAY FOR YOUR WARS!
This impacts us all. Adult children: think of your future grandkids. Not a parent yet: think of your future children. #DONOTBEFOOLED
Get our so called allies to pay more for defense then maybe we can reduce our defense budget and fund our healthcare.
It works great in Canada, Scandinavia, &c.! Single payer Medicare, cover all, cover better, less expense. Life, Liberty, Happiness a Right!
Except people in Canada come to the US for major surgeries because the wait times are insane, think about how overrun hospitals will be
Sorry, don't believe you. Dems lie too much
How is this "Pro-Life," exactly? Let's keep up the pace to defeat this repugnant bill. Thank you for your continued efforts.
@LindseyGrahamSC You are just CRUEL!!  The devastation caused by your bill will be your downfall.
Compared to the devastation cause by ObamaCare... a full Repeal is the only good solution.
Physician @SenateGOP @HouseGOP members that #vote Yes on bill should be barred fm practicing medicine. Its a violation of Hippocratic oath.
Don't worry chuckles your friend RINO John McLame will stop it even tho   AZ Gov is in favor of this bill.
U R right. What is your plan? How bout single payer? No cause big pharm & insurance co' don't get a cut & won't give freely! #votegreen
@sengraham2016 @SenFranken Mr graham, u r marching 20 Million ACA enrollees to their final abattoir @SenWarren @SenFeinstein @SenSchumer

You don't support anything except letting Obama care continue to ruin the country.
Senators moved these kids off Medicaid to Obamacare. Fact is they get better coverage on Medicaid. Repeal Obamacare now! Expand Medicaid now
We need to have a #Trumpcare system that destroys the healthcare so badly that people will demand it gets rebuilt from scratch.
STOP OBSTRUCTING CHUCK!!
FULL OF lies Schumer
There is no one with any measure of civility or morality who would vote for this cruel plan. It absolutely cannot go through. Must stop it!
You dems still pushing granny over that cliff. Aca worst thing that ever happened to AMERICAN WORKERS. DEMS.should be ashamed for aca!!!
More lies stop lying Chuckie you know you are protecting bad law to get single payer AMERICANS WILL NOT ACCEPT THAT
I want government out of healthcare. It. Because of government intervention that we're in the mess we are.
#FAKENEWS
#FAKENEWS
Hope yall are talking to your republican counterparts to get some NO votes. #resist #NoRepeal
It isn't cutting it it's moving it to state level
