I want to buy the same exact  policy you have. Who the hell do you think you are? You aren't special! Give us liberty #REPEAL

once again they are on the ACA
No just the ACA DC exchange. Yes taxpayers kick in like group plans
Obama bribed Congress with a 72% subsidy to keep Obamacare! It worked!
Just about exactly the % MY employer pays of my premium.

Good Solution. You have my Vote
How about make our benefits as good as theirs instead
Isn't that what was just suggested ?
Well I don't want to repeal theirs and it make it as shitty as ours, I just want to make ours as good as theirs and get some sweet govtcare
You know that has to get paid for somehow right? There's not a magic free healthcare Santa Claus.
Simon REALLY ???
R u saying there's not really free stuff ?
The working taxpayer pays for everything?
That's the rumor anyway.
Thanks to Dems for failing to present to public the details of a real Repair alternative to ACA. That would make this truly dead on arrival.
Dems & Repubs have been working in good faith on a bipartisan bill since the last failed repeal. This new bill was intro'd to stop that work
Was it introduced or made public? I heard there was a group working on it, but is it finished? If so, let's discuss the 2 options publicly.
Been talked about a lot, but the partisan stuff gets the attention. Look up Patty Murray and Lamar Alexander
The Hill reports Alexander blamed Sanders' Medicaid for All plan "for sucking the oxygen away from bipartisan efforts to stabilize the ACA"
ALLOW Medicare buy in.  Problem solved.
yes u have a good point nice thinking !
It would be a total disaster if it passes, especially for Oregon
Why do we have to keep going through this?
Yeah. I guess my question was rhetorical
CHUCK REALLY OBC DOESNT WORK YOU NEED TO REACT TO FIXING ITFORGET THE BS
Block granting Obamacare money to States means we're still paying for Obamacare and the govt can pull control back to DC!
I for one, will be shit out of luck.  There are millions in the same boat.  Fight for all its worth!  #ProtectOurCare
Me too
Chuck, you have way more influence over your friends than us cold calling. Do your job. We will cold call but you guys have influence too.
I called @RepNewhouse office 2 find out his vote on HC. Unfortunately my Rep. 's office told me his view was not my business. #GOP
Sounds like someone who needs to be voted out. Do they know what the term "representative" means?
Oh crap, that's right, he's from our state.  Time to make some calls as well.
I didn't give a political view, I simply asked 4 his opinion. I was put on hold & told they wouldn't release info! AKA... not my business!
I don't get it. I just don't. This bill is a disaster and the GOP thinks it's good?
What the Hell Did Chuck do to Our Healthcare? He Screwed UW!
And 1 of the votes is Alaska because if they VOTE to Cassidy bill they get to KEEP OBAMACARE!!

if u want to stop the GOP get off your ass and fix the ACA it cosr me to damn much cant afford to go to Doctor
Hardworking taxpayers had affordable insurance and more choice before ocare.  Repeal ocare now! Ocare is Redundant government forms not ppl
Replace Obama care get with the voters or plan your retirement your done
@funder why hasn't become a sport for the Republicans to want to kill people backed by trump afraid of sugar  fits KOCH BRO
Stop the attack on healthcare
I totally support ACA, but there R flaws. Dems please present a plan 2 address those flaws & correct them.
Thank you.
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBUMACARE!

NO SOCIALISM!
I don't think so!
Call and get out in the streets.
Our toolkit to pressure Senators is back. Target list, phone numbers, graphics. Let's go! https://trumpcaretoolkit.org/ 
Stealing $ from Blue States yet again to pay for Red States I say NO MORE!
Not just stealing $ but securing YES VOTES w/this blue state Medicaid expansion $ shifted to red states that didn't do Medicaid expansion!!!
Here's a link to a site to quickly tweet senators to oppose #GrahamCassidy http://www.factpower.org/healthcare-tweetstorm.html … … #ProtectOurCare
Great. Thanks
STOP BERNIE!  HE IS NOT HELPING!
Is the GOP purposely trying to lose congress in 2018?   That's the only possible explanation for this crazyness.
Chuck, Senator Cassidy has been known to lie, you know. But, we won't let up on the pressure. Don't worry.
Yes government funded abortions for all!
RESIST
Seriously, we at the grassroots level rely on our Senators to refocus media attention on this!  Stage rallys, sit-in's, etc - give us a hand
Please don't forget you are dealing with a guy who just retweeted hitting a golf ball and injuring Hillary.
https://youtu.be/a8z2L42qedM . Are you changing what is in front of us again??? LIAR. AMERICA VOTE OR FIRE THIS CHUCK SCHUMER.
We need #TheResistance to start making calls now! Of all the crap bills the @GOP has put forward, THIS IS THE WORST. PLUS NO SCORE!
cosponsor medicare for all if you really care about your constituents’ healthcare

It sounds like a bill for raising revenue that unconstitutionally originates in the Senate. They can't get away with this substitution crap.
Not certain, but believe that procedurally, this is part of the earlier reconciliation effort begun in Congress. #ProtectOurCare #NoAgeTax
You may be right. I think that if it is, McConnell would have had to vote No to be able to bring it up again later. Hope he forgot.
He did vote no after McCain gave the thumbs down.. Wish I were wrong
Thanks. I know they make their own rules, but this strikes me as an abuse of the intent of the Constitution. That bill died. This one's new.
The clown prince
Bury ObamaCare with Obastard's legacy.
We will mobilize to make sure this bill goes down.  They never learn, do they?
Call your representatives!
Stand up for us that can't because we are sick. Don't let the govt kill us
That's because you only work as an obstructionist for your own political gain, and not in the best interest of the people you represent.
You are a sick man that want our country desolved by your corruption! We the true AMERICANS are watching! With due all respect, you are mean
This is clown Schumer as it's best! Doing was worst for our Country! We Trump supporters are watching your obstructist side!We are millions
What this shows is that we can never let our guard down. The @GOP work their dirty deals in the dark, when nobody is watching. Relentlessly.
How would u know U don't read bills u just pass them along to American citizens like obama care u never read & passed on to us
Can't t/ Mod  GOP SEE THAT falling lock step
Behind Trump's Obama-Hating Agenda HURTS AMERICANS
As TRUMP & CO FALLS n disgrace-so will they
Why do they think it is good? Why?
They don't. They're doing the bidding of their wealthiest donors. ACA raised taxes on ppl making >$250k. GOP's donors wants it repealed.
.The ones who are sick are all in CONgress!!! Your approval ratings are even BELOW tRump! Sad.
I'm just an average Joe, but I knew Cassidy-Graham-Heller-McCain was formulating for a week. If Trump likes you do something about this.

How is it close to having 50 votes Mcain said no Collins murkowski are no's and Lamar Alexander is working with patty Murray to fix ACA ????
Oh lordy why didn't you guys support Bernie instead of that Clinton Cash Cow
#ProtectOurCare

Just when you think you've finished an issue, they try something more egregious!  Have they no shame?  At long last, have they no shame?
we need to continue to fight for the rights of all those covered by the #ACA
Why are they doing this on the weekend I wonder?
@morelaugh Do what u must Chuck, this can't pass.


@SenatorCollins?
This MUST be stopped. If passed there will be great neg impact on quality of life for millions. Dems must ACT 2 prevent this debacle!

The Dems are not spending to promote the healthcare bill. Once again Americans soaks only what the GOP says. Same as Tax so called reform
@GOP This cruel bill makes motherhood a preexisting condition subject to increased premiums. Asthma&cancer too #ProtectOurCare #Dontbecruel
Cassidy can say what he wants. We who know better actually know that he's just blowing smoke.
Millions spoke against this incl. ppl, ins & medical groups. Rs want win more than they want to do their job i.e. protect the greater good.
Is John McCain caving on this one?
I'm going to say he probably will. It's all a game show in D.C.
#ProtectOurCare
#NoRestResist #FBR
What must we do this time?

You stepped up to protect health care for millions of New Yorkers once before.

We need you again. Call your senators now: (202) 224-3121 …
But yet @SenSanders is conning #Democrats into backing a Free Healthcare for all plan that wouldn'd pass ANY Congress #ProtectOurCare
We keep paying Congress for bickering and gridlock I think they should be paid according to quarterly performance do little get paid little!
I think it is really non intelligent to pay people weather they do the job or not leaving no incentive or motivation for them to do so duh!!
Angels of Death - US is unique among advanced nations in not guaranteeing basic health care...immoral&unethical..
Sneaky,aren't they. Wait until we have hurricanes and N.Korea at our door,then pass the repeal when we aren't looking. They want to give...
..Trump a win at any cost. The question is why. Are they so indebted to their rich funders they'd throw millions out of Healthcare?
REPEAL & REPLACE DISASTROUS OBAMACARE!!!!!  Work for the people, not for the elites !!!
Get help.
I want to know when @BillCassidy came to my community & asked how WE feel. This is NOT what we need or want in Louisiana! #PeopleBeforeParty
Ha! I love when Chuck gets in a tiz!
We MUST DEFEAT this wretched bill. #NoCassidyGraham
"Everyone like you"Trump always say, "you know it"
Protect your entitlements chucky, your losing control over your enslaved flock.
@SenSchumer UR now a best bro of Trump's...Are you now supporting end of the ACA? This is not bipartisanship. This is caving to the enemy!
Single payer.
Hey Chuck - Really  Liked the Remote Control Button Pushing You did to the Prez. and Photo other Day - LOL
WT actual F is going on in crazytown? #DC #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
#MedicareForAll
.....even though it contains what mccain rejected in the last one .. you cannot trust him
I don't want unelected bureaucrats making my medical decisions. I want your plan. We have single payer, the vets how many people want that?
Many of us call or write our reps daily, but I hope YOU have a strategy too, Senator. Don't let Rs control the narrative on this.
.@SenCoryGardner you aren't going to vote for this are you? .@SenBennetCO I know you won't!
Why do they want to hurt the American people 
Vote it down
What can we do to help?
What about the ladies? Are they on board this time??  It's as bad as the one they voted against.
If it passes it will only insure the dems take the house in 2018.  Their continued attempts are really deplorable!!
There's literally going to be nothing left to wreck
Just SHUT UP already, STOP obstructing what's best for the people and not your political crap !
Root and branch! !
Please. Please. Stop them. Please.
This bill is a disaster.  We have to stop it.
GOP bribing red state senators w blue state Medicaid to sway the vote.These Nazis never stop screwing America while enriching themselves!
Very true and absolutely repulsive! This is the worst attempt yet to get Trumps Deathcare bill passed! We can only hope it fails again! 
The GOP is a bunch of Craven sadists. They act like the Nazi party headed by Mitch, Ryan and the rest of their leaders!
You are exactly right! Government is becoming greedy and not even caring that people who have illnesses that they can't afford will die!
NO DEM better vote for this or any other repeal. Get on with improving Ocare right now!
You're not protecting our care if you use the ACA as a cudgel against Medicare For All. Get the fuck on board or people will support repeal.
OMG. HOW?
You need to do something about CHIP's.
Block grants?  Hell, NO!  They're created by block-heads who refuse to acknowledge the variations in a state's ability to pay...
Just repeal that crap legislation known as Obamacare! Chuckie you're a clown!
Fine Senator, but WHAT R U DOING to ensure we the people u work for have good healthcare - Y don't we have what Canada, UK, Norway have?
stop taking insurance donations and actually care instead of pretending. So disappointed in you!
Again, R's show that they are not true supporters of Americans, but are a party of destruction void of compassion and inclusiveness.
who the heck is Cassidy?
If you're from New  York, his views are very much your business.  If you listen to him, he sounds like a petulant child
You are the problem! The people want #MedicareForAll
Can no one stop this sleezy con man
Why won't you @SenShumer support #MedicareForAll 
#EnoughIsEnough 
#StopTakingMoney
From lobbiests!
Don't take my insurance away.  Please don't.  I am high income. It have preexisting conditions and self employed.   Don't do this @potus
Please Don't let them repeal the affordable health care act. I don't know what would do..
We aren't fighting to protect the current insurance industry boon that the ACA is. We're fight fo #MedicareForAll

We can only hope.
Noooo!!!!!'
It's crazy
wth???  NO SENATORS ARE ARE PART OF #ProtectOurCare ! STOP THIS BS!  get out of OUR lives, kitchens, schools, religions, health, bedrooms!
God help us.
#SaveACA

It will better than your tax hike you call Obamacare
#stopthebullshit
It is a horrific bill same sh-t different name
Let's kill as many Americans as we can is Trump's model now
What do you mean #ProtectOurCare? Are you on #Obamacare? Didn't think so! Our care...LOL!
Chuck we need reform the fees and co pays are killings teachers in my district.. how can we get older and pay more..

The U.S. will ultimately destroy itself for a buck or two.
Determined to give the wealthy more money at the expense of the poor. Fight your own fucking wars !!!
If it's a death sentence for the public they want it's a death sentence they'll get !!!
Why does the GOP hate poor, sick Americans?
Kill that Bill #Trumpcare is a bad bill.for.americans
What don't you like about it?
Yeah but have dinner w the beast n do deals w him n hang w IBanka in the hamptpns. Good stragedy
News flash, neither will the @BernieSanders Government run Single Payer Plan.
Why not take legal action? Please stop insulting voters by telling them phone calls work. @SIIPCampaigns
Cassidy is a liar.
Resist.  All you got?
@SenJohnMcCain -Please don't take away the Medicaid Expansion from Az.  So many people will loose medical benefits !! We are counting on you
Here's a link to a site to quickly tweet senators to oppose #GrahamCassidy http://www.factpower.org/healthcare-tweetstorm.html … … #ProtectOurCare

Cry a bit more Chuckless!
So quit playing footsie with Trump, amplify this ACA threat in the media & rally opposition.  Should be front page news...instead: crickets!
Don't give up no matter how hard it is we have to win these 50 votes you can do it believe in yourself
why would those evil ppl want to sadistically kill other ppl
they are so mentally sick
The mentally ill and old people in nursing homes, nice.
This bill has removed the pre-existing condition protection. MAKE THE CALLS FOLKS!
All you do is lie.  This is a lie
Stop the madness.... defeat this bill......once and for all.....
Protect our health care....vote No to Graham's proposal...
Lets make a deal. Everyone wins except the American citizens.
this is a deliberate manipulation to panic us into fighting for this so you can claim we wanted this and not #MedicareForAll
IT SHALL NOT PASS!
Im...so...sick..of..these people. Ughgo.away Gop. Ur all horrible people
Unbelievable, they are doing this again.  They just never give up.  Destroy our healthcare.....where are the protesters?  We need to MARCH!
They R trying desperately 2 meet the end of September deadline.Time to hit the streets AND jam the phones on Capitol Hill! Dealing w/demons!
Especially disappointed in Graham. He talks/sounds caring, but actions show otherwise.
#ProtectOurCare
Lol "our" ok chuck
@GOP doesn't care about the American people, it's all about their agenda what they want and screw the 98% #SaveTheACA #ACA
Yes! Obamacare is dead!
CALL!!!!!
This bill is worst than ALL the other HC proposals presented by GOP.  It removes pre-existing conditions!  #RiseUpAmerica #RESIST
vote it in....
Demand SA639 be added to HR2810! Support disabled veterans!
Is this care that needs protecting the one that has needed fixing for the last 8 yrs and the one the Dems never bothered to get right?
Hell no!!!!
Any Repub voting for it is hanging his ass out for 2018. Even in Gerrymandered districts.
Maybe, maybe not.  Not only are the districts gerrymandered but now they've got the RUSSIANS helping them.  And don't think they didn't.
Some districts. Some not. Voting machines easily manipulated. Thumb drive download.
@CBSNews @MSNBC #Chuck while you were busy playing nice with #Trump @GOP was trying to undo #ACA. #Trump likes #No #one. Don't forget that.
Wow hopefully you left political views off school campus. Teachers should be politically bias don't you agree
