With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
I don't foresee you last very long at the FCC while attacking your boss.
By the way, the first amendment, last I checked, is not the right to exclusive use of broadcast spectrum. That's a privilege.
It's a privilege the FCC can and has taken away. In fact, I remember the FCC auctioning off revoked spectrum only just recently.
Perhaps you were unaware that the FCC can also censor broadcast television as well, and fine for indecency among other things.
One would think that as a commissioner of the FCC, these are things you would know. The first amendment doesn't apply to privileged spectrum
I invite you, Ms. Rosenworcel, to peruse FCC v. Pacifica Foundation at your leisure.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/FCC_v._Pacifica_Foundation …
I hope you'll provide a reasoned rebuttal, or an admission that I am correct.
They are not free press, they by definition are political agents. People like you are why we never solve our problems.
It is a free press. People like you are responsible for the rise of fascists.
Not BLM who disrupt ACLU free speech events to chant "the revolution will not uphold the Constitution?"
Or liberal politicians saying free speech doesn't protect "hate speech?" Or the press protecting Harvey Weinstein's rape spree for decades?
No. The REAL problem is that NBC is violating FCC rules which prohibit broadcast of extreme biased or libelous news. 
An FCC broadcast license is a privilege, not a right. It's public spectrum and doesn't belong to NBC. SCOUTS has upheld this before.
That's why networks can be fined for violating decency standards, for example. Nipples at the Superbowl, C-words on the radio. Etc.
Except for "hate speech", right? You all seem to want that non-existent exception to the first amendment.
How do you feel about BLM interrupting an ACLU free speech event to inform them that "the revolution will not uphold the Constitution?"
How do you feel about Hillary Clinton implying during the election that Breitbart had no right to exist? Still feeling that left?
Do you defend the other amendments this strongly? Perhaps the second one? How do you feel about FCC decency rules?
Your Chairman @AjitPaiFCC should publicly denounce these comments and tell Trump how this works.
Trump should fire them if they do. Their employment is at will and they serve at the pleasure of the President.
By the way, FCC rules state licenses can be revoked for biased, fake and libelous news coverage. A license is a privilege, not a right.
Does not apply to the networks, only to local licensees.
Local broadcasters broadcast it, and therefore can have licenses revoked if they refuse to stop broadcasting biased/libelous NBC  news.
I sincerely implore you to study the 1st amendment again. There is nothing in the law prohibiting "biased" news.
For gods sake - have you looked at Fox News? They might not be outright lying, but it sure IS biased. Maybe MSNBC is the same way.
Fox news is a cable channel and is therefore not regulated by the FCC. Neither is MSNBC, OANN or CNN. NBC is because they broadcast over air
I hope so too, Jessica.
For a self-described "staunch defender of the 1st Amendment", its strange to be silent after the president implied the @FCC could ignore it. https://twitter.com/Variety/status/908799287412137985 …
At ‘what point’?  AT NO POINT! This is the USA. In case you missed it we have a FREE press, checks & balances, & no tolerance for POTUS lies
@Elpotterishere @FCC @realDonaldTrump 
AGREED with Jessica
Would make for an interesting hearing as the FCC tries to determine if the news was fake. DJT might not like results of sworn testimony.
Majority of the things reported have anonymous sources. How will they prove something with nobody on the record to back up their claims?
You wouldn't have the sources testify. But rather the principals involved.
The sources are the witness testimony. It's important to add credibility without hard evidence. Or else it's just a baseless accusation.
It's not a baseless accusation. This is the way reporting works. The sources aren't anonymous.
Who was the source for the "10 fold" nuclear story that triggered this tweet?
I don't know but the reporter does.  And it was more than one. So the source is. It anonymous.
Obviously a majority is totally fake and purely false and dishonest
Here's what my dad, Newton Minow, did when JFK got angry at NBC news broadcasters:
oh you must be Martha’s sister! I was following this thread and saw your last name. What a family of great minds
Yes, I am her older sister.  Thanks very much for your kind words.
Propaganda and lies are not news and should be regulated. Call it late night TV instead of news.
Cut the BS. Online media has run amuck. It must be accountable for accuracy - incl @NBC - not allowed to spew OP-ED as 'News' - DO YOUR JOB!
Thank you... freedom of the press...
Just like Trump said" the press is the enemy of the people" we're Americans and we deserve the truth, good bad or ugly. This isn't Russia.
@realDonaldTrump 
Trump and his cabinet are the biggest producers of fake news right behind Fox and breitbart
We stand for the entire constitution. But we're tired to death of the left wing wacko media lying just for the sake of running a story!!
Exactly. The Constitution doesn't protect against libel.
Propaganda should stop though!
They have no business lying about him....I won't tolerate any media who blatantly lies...boycott or turn channel..
I might fall out of my chair right now!!!!   Thank You!!!   For reminding us that we still have LAWS and they apply to EVERYONE!!!!
Trump and most republicans seem to have open disdain for the idea of democracy.
Like liberal politicians who say first amendment doesn't protect hate speech, BLM who says "the revolution will not uphold the Constitution"
Liberal media types who protect and defend Antifa violence. Liberal Hollywood types who protect and defend rapists from negative press?
I'm not defending antifa or rapists. MLK not Malcolm X.  Lock up all the rapists. Weinstein trump Cosby hastert o Reilly cee lo.  All of'm.
Tone deaf defending NBC after they sat on to quash the Weinstein story. #FakeNews reporting is as bad as omitting inconvenient truths.
I agree. They can redeem themselves by releasing the Trump/Apprentice outtakes.
Agreed
@JRosenworcel, is there an angle the Administration can take to use @FCC against networks?
Of course. The networks have no Constitutional right to that spectrum, it's public spectrum. Networks license it. Can be removed.
We removed spectrum when we converted networks to digital, then auctioned it off to ISPs.
TY. What license to networks themselves actually have?
If #tRUMP tried such an INSPEAKABLE, unAmerican thing it will be censorship & violate our Constitution. Let him 1st prove the news is #Fake
FCC licenses are a privilege granted to use public spectrum to broadcast, not a right. They can be revoked. FCC rules don't allow bias/libel
They'd be free to broadcast on cable, internet or shout in the Town square. But broadcast licenses are NOT a right. SCOUTS have ruled this.
I am so saddened by this. Free press is what makes this country what it is.
There is no freedom to libel.
There is no fake news. The News reporters just don't agree with you, especially when you are lying.
It certainly is. It is also the responsibility of the media to report truth without bias and opinions. Huge failure.
Impeach the pig!
George Templeton Strong wrote that Abe Lincoln was “a barbarian, Scythian, yahoo, or gorilla.” 1A guarantees us a free press, not a fair one
Libel isn't legal. Those insults are not probable or disprovable, therefore not libel. Claiming somebody said something they didn't is libel
Provided, of course, it's damaging.
thank you for speaking out! I wouldn't count on @AjitPaiFCC  so it will fall to good people like you to defend our Constitutional rights.

Here is a summary of an @AjitPaiFCC speech from a few weeks ago, where he addressed calls to yank licenses: http://variety.com/2017/politics/news/fcc-chairman-ajit-pai-free-speech-1202560562/ …  1/2 
Thank you for the info on the process but after his pandering to ISP providers on the issue of net neutrality, I do not trust him.
You should
remember when you told me to trust Mr. Pai?  here he goes, destroying #NetNeutrality so his former masters can pillage profit & reduce access to content they don't like. everything in the GOP/Trump admin this hurts those who can't afford to purchase access
Nope.
it’s chained to these tweets if you’d care to refresh.  but he’s only proven me correct.
Freedom of the press YES if the story is TRUE OK  if the story is BS YOUR NOT PROTECTED
True is the baseline of press reporting.
When can we revoke Benedict Donald's "license" to be President since he is Liar-in-Chief?
When you defeat him in an election, crybaby.
since you seem to be a voice of reason, what can we do against net neutrality? As an IT professional 20+, I can tell you how scary this is!
I'm more scared about the condensation of control of the internet to the top 20-30 websites and their blatant political censorship.
Anything other than a free open internet is unthinkable.   The internet is literally one of our greatest achievments.  #TrumpResign
Trump loves to talk about the 2nd Amendment but conveniently forgets about the 1st. If the press isn't free, then we are not free.
The press isn't free to commit libel. The first amendment doesn't protect libel. It also doesn't protect FCC licensed public spectrum.
And exactly which press has committed libel?
Freedom of speech is fine but it HAS TO BE THE TRUTH! NOT SLANTED or ONE SIDED.
Can you point out where in the 1st Amendment that says the freedom of speech is limited only to the truth?
Doesn't. But when you are reporting the news, it should be true and not a bunch of crap. I expect to hear the true facts.
There is no such thing as a false fact. Truth is integral to something being factual. Use one word or the other.
How far do I have to stretch to make the case that threatening censure in this manner is a violation of the oath to uphold the constitution and thus an impeachable offense? Anyone? Bueller? Kai?
An FCC license is a privilege, not a right. It's subject to standards. SCOTUS has upheld this before. They're using public airwaves.
If they want to switch to cable TV or Internet or whatever, they can lie all they want and all they risk is libel suits.
While they are using public broadcast spectrum they've been licensed, they're subject to restrictions and can have their license revoked.
If he really wants fair press, why not reinstate the Fairness Doctrine, the repeal of which paved the way for Fox News, Limbaugh, Alex Jones
The Fairness Doctrine would apply to Limbaugh and Jones, but not to Fox News. And Limbaugh and Jones would transition to XM.
Why not Fox News?
Because Fox News is a cable channel. The Fairness Doctrine specifically only applies to broadcast media.
Moreover, while some "broadcast" rules apply to cable, such as the equal time rule... the Congressional Research Service said this:
Is that why they dropped the Fairness Doctrine altogether?  Logically, should apply to ANY broadcast/cable, not just broadcast.
The federal government "owns" radio frequencies, and so can regulate them further than cable, which is a private infrastructure.
Better question Keith is at what point is it appropriate for Twitter to cancel this guys account?
Twitter can do what it wants, but they would be unleashing hellfire on themselves if they did it.
Distortion of the news is a violation of your own rules. It's time for a review!
you were quoted in an article by @arstechnica
Freedom of the press yes, intentionally promoting issues that aren't true as news and not opinion, no. 
1st Amendment makes no mention of protecting #FakeNews! So get real and stop their LYING CRAP #MSM is spewing!
pretty sure.. this well placed tweet did it's job, thank you.. please keep  #NetNeutrality
Free and fair elections are a cornerstone of our democracy, but democrats rig primaries
The FCC has stated that “rigging or slanting the news is a most heinous act against the public interest.”
Hope you can.
Networks are not licensed. SO this was an empty, moronic threat.
Networks are licensed actually. It's an affiliate system but they are still subject to FCC rules which don't allow baised reporting or libel
‘SARCASM’ - Every heard of it?? Smdh
Freedom of the press or...a political "tool" pretending to be the press?  The LIES from the so called free press is sick!
It may be. But the press should not hide behind it and pass off editorial bias as facts. If a network chooses that path, cut em off. Truth
Freedom of Press for real journalists nit fake lying ines
Jessica.  You rock!  So glad you are back at the FCC.  Keep fighting.
True. I think he should file libel cases instead. More productive, and when msm loses money, maybe they will reform.
Who's going to stand up against the Bully in the White House? Congress? Courts? Corporate America? Journalists? Professional Sports? Voters?
Stand strong FCC
All news is valid except your fake news lying.
So,why not bring back the Fairness Doctrine introduced in 1949 and ended by Ronald Reagan?
I hope your colleagues already are on the same page. Essentially, it's page one of basic freedoms guaranteed under the Constitution.
I hope NBC news begins to report news again.
Congratulations and welcome back with all the good works at the @FCC with your #reappointment.
Trump/FCC cannot pull licenses from networks because they don't exist.  Only TV stations are licensed.
‘Fake’ unless it’s flattering? Keep waiting, but don’t hold your breath. Better yet, yeah, hold it.
Fake unflattering news is called libel.
It's illegal, by the way.
@realDonaldTrump 
Trump doesn't care a bit about democracy.
Only his own liddle fragile feelings.
Thank you for caring that #idiotpresident so blatantly lies, has a tantrum, or otherwise behaves like an incompetent, incoherent fool.
Get the bias out of the news and maybe people would watch, check the network ratings of “news”. I think TMZ gets better ratings
Hows #NBC+#MSNBC getting away with their complicity in #HarveyWeinstein-mess?#DNCleak already PROVED them unethical
NYT exec. editor directed Weinstein inquiries back to the reporters, calling his contact "not appropriate" https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/11/business/harvey-weinstein-sexual-harassment.html … 
If MSM will not service all Americans, they should not expect to continue as supported American businesses! I see a lawsuit in the works!
Does FOP cover rumors, innuendo, gossip, and personal agendas?
Intentional #FakeNews is not freedom of the press.....
FCC should revoke MSM licenses for failing to provide equal time to political parties! They are currently 93 Demwits  to 7 republican time!
It is if you state who said what when you go with a story not a reliable source hence Brian Williams and fake news was born....
Freedom of press, yes. Freedom of libel and slander, no.
and 1 state media is communist! When all large media tell the exact same lies, it needs to stop.  WE ARE NOT A COMMUNIST COUNTRY, need truth
The so called "press" that has freedom comes with responsibility which none are fulfilling because they're bought out by @georgesoros #MAGA
Honest journalism reporting on corrupt politicians #Travelgate
Back when we had honest journalism...
Key word there is 'hope'. Me:
Thank you!
Freedom of the press doesn't cover false news, otherwise Slander would never be an issue you worried about.
Russians meddled with our elections. Don’t U think Russians can meddle with the media &reporters 2 divide us?Chuck R U on Russia payroll?
How can we allow a President who violates his constitutional oath to remain in the most respected office in the world! Or at least it WAS!
Elaborate, please. How did he do this, exactly?
Thank you for this!!
The Freedom of The Press to Lie to the Public Daily? That's Not the cornerstone of Our Democracy. 
The Public Want Only TRUTH from The Press
WAKE UP ! Trump is a Tyrannical MEGALOMANIAC MAD DICTATOR who’s turned into his OWN TRUMPERICA..Enabled by an IMPOTENT @congressdotgov !
The lamestream media has become nothing more than a bad joke! Propaganda is expected in NK etc. In US we will hold you to a higher standard!
Sign and spread the word please https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/remove-donald-trump-office-using-powers-granted-yo-people-under-10th-amendment-constitution-attacks …
You're petitioning Trump to remove himself from office? He is the chief executive of the executive branch and controls the White House.
It does not give you the freedom to lie, divide our country and jeopardizing our success. Ur currently doing more harm to the US than ISIS.
Have you READ the first amendment of the Constitution you swore to uphold?? Sad!
so you are for fake news?!?!?! don't you want them to be honest and give us the truth or does that not fit your narrative? NEWS outlets need to be held to a higher standard than an opinion forum. Use your brain
Kind of a hypocrite when you knowingly allow a #700Club #FauxNews & #SBG to spew Trump propaganda.
Used goods.

#700club #Christian #Christians #pjnet #ccot #AmericaFirst #maga #trumptrain #deplorables #libertyuniversity #impeachtrump #p2
Only one thing is bad for the country.
Sorry, Hillary done said, "Those that cannot accept an election is hurting Democracy!" Democrats need to quit hurting DEMOCRACY!
Actually you clearly didn't read what you linked to. FCC rules specifically address fake news and the fcc's ability to regulate fake news.  President Trump is 100% right as usual.
Freedom of the press is. False DEMagoguery is not. Police yourselves and RAISE your standards. You are not holier than thou and perfect.
Do you feel the same about all ourAmendments or just the ones you like at the time?
At what point did reporting unvarnished truth w/o political slant get lost. If only u cared as much abt 2nd amendment.
WHEN THE PRESS STARTS A FALSE NARRATIVE AND PEOPLE BELIEVE WHAT IS REPORTED UNKNOWINGLY IT HAS CAUSED VIOLENCE AND DIVISION IN OUR COUNTRY
The bar has been lowered from reporting facts . MSM and Liberal hate have No bottom to how low they will go to destroy our President .
When the "press" becomes a north Korean style propaganda machine for the left, there is no freedom of the press.
Remember your oath DT

Waiting for removal by 25th Amendment before it’s too late
Thank you
The way of Governing is essential, Press can't be in Bed with Political Agenda, A Breaking Point? #SeparationOfPoliticalPartiesFromState
The system of checks and balances are in Dire Constitutional Distress and you must understand Political Parties are the problem.
The Founders put #ArticleV
#ConventionofStates
To fix when Absolute Power corrupts into what we see actual assassination attempts
First amendment doesn't guarantee lying, brain washing the public communist style. Get rid of the alphabet media @POTUS Sick of #FakeNews
"Bad for country!" Yes you are Mr Trump.
@realDonaldTrump not just your colleagues have your back. It's the FIRST for a reason.
freedom does not mean you can write crap at someone else's expense .be fair not partisan
Please reinstate the Fairness Doctrine!
The fairness doctrine would make broadcast TV more conservative

Thank you 
Not how it works, but there is definite problems that only the most stupid cant recognize! The respect has been lost due to what has been let happen to what was once "free press" which no longer exist!
Freedom of the press to lie without consequence is dangerous for our democracy.
ICYMI: The news is definitely slanted and distorted. So, maybe it should be "how it works" that you people intervene for a change!
The single largest source of fake news is Trump's mouth.
2/ It's also about promoting fear - it's his cocaine for untreated OCD. btw OCD is considered a "Serious Mental Illness".
It's called "Diversion". Let's him escape from talking about the fires in CA, Las Vegas, Puerto Rico and North Korea.
You mean all things not his fault that he is handling excellently regardless?
It will never be appropriate! DUH!!
Freedom of press.  Who are you kidding. It appears Hollywood had that locked down for decades.
Thank you Jessica.
A free press does not mean they are free to just make things up out of thin air - they are supposed to journalize the days events
Yeah, that is exactly what they are free to.
You are crazy...
We are not now nor have EVER been a Democracy.
Yess girl!!! 
With Ajit Pai at the helm, don’t count on it. He’s the scum of the earth, just like the man who put him in that position.
Lets pull all federal broadcast licenses and give them to other people the Media has proven they do not deserve the monopoly END the FCC
First Free NOPE we have a shadow government controlled monopoly of a press.

There is more honest reporting on Youtube 

End the FCC
Freedom of the press does not equate to freedom of Seditious propaganda.  It's one thing to be bias and another to seek destabilization.
Tillerson is correct..Trump is a moron of the highest order. Its not fake news its a fake president we have to worry about.
Thank you!
Because at the end of the day it's not being right it's about advertisement dollars money money money..drives the news.not FACTS
The media is clickbait opinion agenda driven media got about 19% of approval rating about the same as Congress.... I got to be first...lol
Fair and Free Press my ass I got your first amendment
How can we have a fair in Free Press on 3/4 of the so-called Free Press came to the Hillary campaign and supported Hillary Clinton.
Nobody is against freedom of the press. The danger is a handful of people in charge of all information. You know how easily people are moved
Hiding behind the 1st Amendment to bash the President is abuse of the right. 1st amendment doesn't mean you can lie with impunity. #fakenews
Thank you for protecting our free press. Fight for net neutrality! We're counting on you. Stay strong!
The press doesn't have the freedom to commit libel.
I think there is a point at which freedom of the press has & can become sedition! Outright lies to undermine the executive branch sedition.
The press shall serve the governed not the governor.
I’m all for free speech. But when the news don’t report the truth and are bias, they should not be called News. Yank it.
You miss the very point. Buyer beware. Their job to report your job to think. Trust but verify.
Nope. The point is the news media right now is promoting propaganda to bash a political opponent they don’t approve of. The sheep believe.
The press shall serve the governed not the governor.  Don”t @ me about this again.  stay in your lane
See if you can get our educators on board with all the ammendments... except of course the ones they don't like.
Its amazing how you guys use the 1st ammendmant as an excuse to lie to the american people shows were your values really stand
Don’t worry NBC is renewed. Not that it matters. But freedom of the press is essential to any democracy
The Fairness Doctrine repealed by Reagan & GOP which gave rise to FOX ability to promote unchallenged alt-facts as truth must be reinstated.
Do you have the right to report lies good luck with that and your crappy ratings
Thank you as well Commissioner Rosenworcel. I fear your job is up soon, too. Unless all commissioners on same page!
This is not a free press! See what happens to a conservative journalist at any MSM news org within 5 minutes flat
We don’t have a Free Press it’s all run by the Democratic Party and the Lib globalist
Really then give this POTUS the same fair reporting u gave ur beloved obama never once did u or ur elite attack him like this POTUS
When any news organization prints falsehoods, they should be challenged. POTUS has 1st Amendment rights as well.
Is there a person with a brain that thinks Trump suggesting violating 1st A. was his point? NBC has chosen to report garbage! Should they?
Thank you for consistently speaking up in calm, measured way.  #Gratitude for your #courage & #ethics.
Her job is to impose FCC decency rules and you think she is a big hero of free speech?
Freedom of the Press is vital, but it's also a delicate public trust that many in MSM violate because they have an axe to grind.
Fake news is real bad. It should be stopped.
Making things up is not news, it is lies and should be called lieing news.
Y'all know how his is a diversion, he's preparing to sign an EO to repeal the ACA tomorrow  morning at 11:15
I hope they shut them down

Thank you Ms Rosenworcel! Very impressed with your strength!
There was a time when press reports were reviewd by your supervisor for accuracy. The papers reputation was on the line. Not anymore. Sad.
Kissss me

If I were 2 say something publicly untrue about someone I would get sued for slander but CNN CNBC can do it everyday no penalty that's wrong
There's a difference between the 1st Amendment & the ability to just tell lies and untrue stories there is a difference I hope you know that
Let’s not forget the landmark Supreme Court case of the New York Times Co. v. Sullivan 
Freedom to report anything from anonymous sources?  NBC is an arm of the democrats.  No oversight.
FOX NEWS FIRST!!!!!! TURN AROUND LIES TRUMP!!YUK!!
Your profession was once discreet about their political bias, but I guess no longer: "freedom for me, but not for thee."
Then stop reporting lies
License is the authority 2do something otherwise unlawful.Print all the fake news you want.The airways are finite and must be used for truth
I dunno. Ajit will pick corporations over citizens ten times out of ten.
NBC Universal is a corporation.
I am starting to think Russia is influencing the Media to cause division in our Great Country. Is NAB & Chuck on the Russian payroll?
Trumps dictatorship will never fly here in America never!
Wonderful share.
@SenSchumer @FCC @realDonaldTrump 
Maybe FCC should look at this ?
And unlicense bad apples for the sake of freedom of press?
The @FCC has no licensing authority over NBC. None. Zero. Only broadcast stations.
NBC an CNN should be fined big time if they don't report actual news. Why didn't they report about the Hollywood guy that assaulted women
Because of the money honey. That guy promotes their shows and projects so they won’t report him. It’s just that they got caught now.

Schumer is bad for the country
What happened to Telling the truth?? When did lying become part of journalism?? Used to be a respectable profession....USED TO BE
Go violate yourself
How's that work on undermining Net Neutrality coming along?
Freedom of Speech. Not Freedom to print outright lies!
Time for a license review... continually reporting Fake News... no sources... horrid!
It's not freedom to say whatever you want, it's freedom to report facts, not what CNN, NBC, and MSNBC do
@SenSchumer @FCC @realDonaldTrump Bad for Country... BAD FOR COUNTRY... Did you seriously just say that. Hey Pot. Meet Kettle.
65 million think he’s doing a great job. He’s doing what we hired him to do.

Oh Jessica... who woulda thunk THIS when you took this job?  Stay strong!  Our democracy/constitutional rights depend on it,  ps: wtf?!?!
Our democracy does not depend on NBC keeping their broadcast spectrum license; the spectrum doesn't even belong to them. Pure hyperbole.
I've seen politicians on tv saying Constitution doesn't protect "hate speech." That's a real danger.
Democrat beloved BLM shutting down an ACLU event to chant "the revolution will not uphold the Constitution" is a danger to our Constitution.
I respect your opinion.  Valid point and it's important to be able to debate these things openly.
But it's clear that DT has his own network aspirations from before the election and wants focus only on good, not *necessarily* facts
You don't ever get tired of EVERY story being an anonymous source?
Sure. Like the one Trump used to start the Obama birth certificate thing.  But even with named sources, there will be 'fake news'
