Sorry you had to ruin their game
#firebannon #RussiaGate #trumpRussia #resist
Your so beautiful when ur mad
Disgrace of a rep. For New Yorkers embarrassed. Why our children are leaving cause of fools like him cuomo and gillabrandt all a waste
Do you throw like a girl Chuckie?
@chasmurphy813

This is the only positive thing you've done this year
Stay there chuck
Don't forget to tell the kid how rotten Trump is Chuckie
And maybe someday you will be ready for the big leagues
That's your speed. Little League. Couldn't hang in the majors.
Little leauge ....... how appropriate for a DemocRAT
Gee - wish you would join the BIG LEAGUES and work with the GOP to move AMERICA forward vice partisan, childish politics.  @NancyPelosi
Wait, when last did you touch any kind of balls, much less throw one? Ok don't answer that .....Why didn't you hold the senate together?
You throw like a girl
Watch out chuckie, it looks like these guys love America, not your kind of people

Its about them Chuckie not you......
Wow...good job Sen. Schumer.  One you could handle.
That was safe.
Great, country 20 trillion in debt and you are playing with little league. Why not do something to help Americans ???
What did you do today to find out who murdered Seth Rich for being the person who have WikiLeaks the DNC emails?
At least our @SenSchumer isn't afraid to throw the first pitch hope he will find ways to steal bases and hit home runs off the R's
Don't bill the taxpayers to clean the dirt off those pants chuckels
: that's the best thing you've done all year Little Chucky
Or 50 cent.
Didn't see it. Hate to prejudge, but he's a politician so he throws like a girl.
Good spot for you, Your not qualified too play in the Big league anymore Chucky!
#TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #Resist #FireBannon
Does he ever put sweatpants on or dress down? Freaky Fella....I'm sure the team was honored & felt blessed
Just like all liberals on your knees like a little bit&$
I bet u was the  scarying all the kids too 
Hopefully you didn't screw that up
please get hit in the head
Wow aren't you on recess, last time most people have recess is in kindergarten, more recess than work days, stealing money
Make sure everybody gets a trophy.
HAR-RY REID!!!
HAR-RY REID!!!
HAR-RY REID!!!
I think you need to do something wholesome after spending your time in all the trickery and bad vibes that are in action in politics.
Wonder how much he got paid
Well there is one thing we can agree on and that's baseball
Yep "little league Schumer" - that's a good new nick name for you since losing Congress, Senate, WH & 1,000 other state seats!
Doesn't surprise me, you'll never make the big league!!
Did you tear up?
Will you have them chant dump trump like you did.
It looks like one of those guys is daydreaming about using a baseball bat to help Make America Great Again.  #MAGA
And threw a wild pitch. Just like u do in the Senate.
Great...way to show them that useless people who contribute nothing to society can be rich...just the example they don't need
A murder of crows
How appropriate. That's where you belong is  in the " Little League."
Too bad you didn't get hit in the head with one of the balls
warmongering pig
Look @SenateMajLdr brought him to his knees. Justice Gorsuch can umpire the game
Hopefully you won't spew your partisan BS to the innocents.
So this is another example of what Congress does on recess while we bomb Syria & other critical needs go unattended.
Looks like a handful of Heroes! Thank you for all of the amazing hard work you do Mr. Schumer. I support you. I stand beside you. Dig in!
Wow, this is like the first tweet ur not crying about Trump! Our little Schumer is growing up so fast....
Better than throwing missiles at broken planes...
Look at little Chuck with the one knee kneel, jus like a little leaguer!  
you are doing a bang up job of screwing up America, for the love of god Chuck leave children's baseball alone.
Looking good. How is the game or has it finished? Hope you enjoy your day.
Come to cns high schools opening day on Monday would love to have you there
We would all love to see him there too. Any where but in Congress crying and voting no.
Have a Good Passover! Don't forget to recite the Ten Plagues.
Get back to work
Acts 2:38
Then Peter said to them, “Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the [1/2]
remission of sins; and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. [2/2]
