Should everyone be accommodated? I have a heart condition, you gonna let me in too?
False equivalency.   Being trans doesn't prevent one from doing their duty.
When you are talking about significant number of nondeployable days due to gender reassignment surgery it certainly does!
No-one us deferring deployment for surgery.  Just like anything else, elective procedures are done during down time.
I love how you can decide when down time is!  What about hormone medications military should provide that as well??
Yes.
Hmmm I spent 4 years never once did I decide when we got deployed or when our down time was.  Military must've changed
Y'all are killing me. Tricare doesn't cover reassignment surgery to begin with.  If a soldier has that mich ave saved up, that's on them
Dems want to defund our military but you want to pay for transgender medical issues for the enlisted ? Make up your mind!
Dems don't want to defund the military. What a ridiculous statement.
That's all Obama did for 8 years is tear down our military!
Yeah, that's why Trump just christened a boat built under Obama's tenure. The world's most advanced Aircraft carrier.
1 boat?...Okay, you win!
Wrong, Sparky. Ten Ford class supercarriers will be delivered.
Annnnd military was depleted when Obama left office. Lowest number of ships since 1917 while O was in office.
Military is not a place for social experiments. Once again the Dems show they are all about special interest groups and the lunatic fringe.
Yet the GOP put the lunatic fringe in the oval office
Perhaps you don't understand how this works. There was an election and he won.  The American people put @POTUS  in the Oval Office.
I agree. If you want to join the military you need to conform to the military life, not expect it to conform to your life. #justsaying
Then we stop paying for mil Diabetes, high Cholesterol, Erectile Dysfunction 
@forward_right @Nitrofox2112 @SenSchumer @POTUS
Are those mental illnesses?
So you are saying transgender is mental illness. Ur proud of your ignorance?
@MrPoliTweets @Nitrofox2112 @SenSchumer @POTUS
According to @WHO & @APA gender dysphoria is a mental disorder w extreme stress & depression stated international Classification of Diseases
Why should we have to pay for their surgery's !!

I can't believe how easy it is for special interest to buy politicians
This comes from a draft dodging Trump MAGA
XX=Woman
XY=Man

Unlike climate change this is settled science.
But it's not my dude
Well, it IS mostly settled science. It's just not settled in the imaginary, over-simplified, binary way this person WANTS it to be.
Thank you,  Senator. . . For being a voice of reason during this very dark & embarrassing time in our Country.
I figured you'd bend over for them...either pre or post opt
A mean distraction to the other awful things he's doing, for example:
they're still allowed to continue serving, but new applicants won't be considered until after the study is done. You're ridiculous.
Do u have examples or even know one personally or maybe just talking out of your ass.
Please focus on #healthcare today, even though yes, #translivesmatter. Trump is trying to distract us. Thoughts below:

#ProtectOurCare
"I care about trans people, but…" Well, then you don't.

Protip: Senator Schumer is an adult and can address more than one problem at once!
I'm not talking to Schumer, I'm talking to us.
Do you not think Trump timed this to distract from healthcare?
Trump isn't smart enough. He is such an embarrassment!  STUPID IS AS STUPID DOES & EVERYTHING HE SAYS & DOES IS STUPID!
The military is not a petri dish for social experiments.
God is watching you and us.  Sodomy is an abomination and a gross moral perversion.   Repent of your support of gross wickedness
You belong with them.  Fits you.
The level of cost and accommodation does not make sense in this case.
Please, go into great detail about the cost and accommodation that trans service members require.
135 nonredeployable days
135 days recovery for those that choose confirmation surgery, which not all do. As far as money goes...
That's a lot of days! We don't let in people for medical conditions that are far less taxing on deployability.
Being trans isn't a "medical condition". They are not at all comparable b/c that 135 days is a one time thing, not a reoccurring situation.
Enlist after you have dealt with your medical situation. If Trans isn't a medical situation should insurance pay for it?
So we should actively deny people from serving in the military because they represent a .04-.13% increase in healthcare costs?
@msnbc: Most definatel
there will be a lawsuit! 
ACLU will not let this stand! This is descimination at the core! IMPEACH,VOTE
2018 !
It's called deflection. Start an uproar over something while something else is brewing or hiding.
How will you fight for transgender Americans?
I always honor anyone protecting me. But I don't honor anyone who just changed their gender because they could. They contradict
Complicit.
hey chuck...the military is about being one, working together not diversity..not confusion on identity....while real veterans are dyeing
Transgender veterans are real veterans too.
they area distraction, and any distraction will and does cause human life
Transgender Americans have always served in the Military and at a higher rate than the general population.
I think bigots, like you, are a distraction
 Maybe bigots should be banned.
The ACLU will take this up -- and Trump will lose.  He can't bear anything that Obama did to improve this nation
Name one genius
Albert Einstein
No place for such hatred and bigotry we stand with our transgendered community #ImpeachTrump #ProtectTransTroops
Schumer is not transgendered or a patriot hes a thief and a traitor
But he may be trangendered or a pedo
Chelsea Manning?
get rid of hitler 2 please  bb
Appreciate everyone that serves our military but have a hard time paying for reassignment surgery when we can't get health insurance right.
40% suicide rate. Let's give'm guns and train them to use them. Gender dysphoria is in their head. Need psychotherapy.  Can't change ur sex.
Thank you for standing up for America ALL of it's citizens and our democracy
Chuck the cuck
Sad that our so called President has managed to alienate another minority. Our country is now in crisis mode & time for Dems to act!
Then they should stop spending money on limp dick too because fucking is just a distraction from serving the country.
The purpose of the military is to protect, it is not a laboratory for social engineering.
Fake tears schumer rides again
Worried about the health costs? This assumes they are all transitioning at THAT  time. Ridiculous argument.
Even IF they are, their lives are on the line for OUR freedom. I don't care WHAT it costs to care for them. They are WILLING to defend us.
you will jump on any band wagon even if it is un Godly!! I pray for you and those poor lost transgendered souls.
You know what I pray for?? A world where people can live and let live.
They can live as they wish.
They just can't join the military.
So if they wish to join the military and can't, how is that living as they wish?????
Are you veteran?  you would know, you are government property! A trained killer! You are a soldier not anything else!
Top brass advised POTUS. Stop being melodramatic n get the facts.
it figures you would you an all demobrats are not a moral bunch ! What is wrong is now right an what is right is now wrong
WHY,  OH FORGOT YOU STAND WITH ILLEGAL ALIENS,   RUSSIAPHOBIA, AND IDIOTS,,,,   DID YOU LEAVE YOUR BRAIN AT THE BIRTH BED?
Who knew that there were so many transgender people in the military?
Then why didn’t you pass legislation to protect them when you had a chance?
First it was Muslims; now transgender. Who is next? Women? Black people? Please Senator, STOP Trump.
Shame on trump.
That's a bunch of crap and you know it.
Those who have never served passing judgement on those who want to serve. And I thought McCain was an embarrassment to the Military?
That maybe but how much did it cost taxpayers for their operations an how much time off from their job ? Yes u don't care !
Right on.  I will fight for them.  Just like they fight for my liberty.
not me
he dodged draft 5 times
yeah if they don't expect their transitioning to be paid for by taxpayers. But as we see traitor Manning got "hers" paid for by us! NO MORE!
hey Schumer, if they are confused about their gender that comes from their dna, how can they serve properly?
Whatever, you just want their vote.  Your positions change to whatever advances you in the moment.
I don't support paying for it, it doesn't mean I don't support LBGT community.
You support them as long as it means doing nothing, huh?  Well done.
Spin it how you want.
Trump should be removed from office. His tatent on Transgenders in military is unacceptable.
Female soldier using birth control are long term hormone treatments and it doesn't affect their performance. Get informed.
Agree ... but keep in mind that transgendering is not just a lifestyle choice..it is a medical decision potentially incompatible with servic
Focus.....
45 knows nothing about the military, definitely nothing 1st hand; this person knows from personal experience
It's not about being worthy.
It's about having a ready force.
Body dysmorphia does not belong in the us military.
and your point?
Ah Chuckie ,you dems tried to do your best to f up the military just as you screwed up NASA.
Where's the HELL YEAH!!! button???
It's a Distraction. Stop talking about it. Stay focus.
YOU DO NOT RUN OUR MILITARY YOU ARE NOT ON THE FRONT LINE MY SISTER HAS SHUT THE HELL UP  God made you male or female there is no do overs
Maybe if that's how you feel you shouldn't party with Jared and Ivanka, who enable the destruction of our country daily.
You don't stand with any of them. Your in a suit in DC. You'll say the most foolish things to get votes
He brought this up to distract us from Russia. Keep on him!
Please, make him just STOP.
how did we come to this?
So sad Chucky pho has no real platform.
That's my senator!
Thank you. @SenSchumer is a senator we can be proud of.
I think i puked in my mouth. He is horrible
I stand with them too, but not in the military. War is horribly difficult w/o adding a guessing game into the mix.
But you sit when you pee
As taxpayer we want to support them too but stop short of paying for any related medical cost
sorry schumy you dont represent me go back to your synagogue 
So what's your point, you shd be confined to the mentally deranged institution
They are better patriots than Mr Bone Spur himself @realDonaldTrump
What could go wrong like this social experiment did?
Ok, but the govt shouldn't be on the hook for medical costs related to their gender identity
Are you joking?
public domain mail flag
Never noticed you cared about oir military before.
It's amazing that a draft dodger like @realDonaldTrump can decide that trans soldiers can't serve in the military
There are better ways to reed off
Soldiers in skirts? wTF u weirdo!
I hope u read your comments Mr. Schumer! So when u r trying to figure out why the Dems keep losing u understand why!
Trump - "Making America Hate Again"
Please take action to protect them from this hateful action. Overt hate by the president opens them to violence. They are bravest among us.
Dumpy, how would you know?  You spent most of your life spending money you inherited and going bankrupt 5 times. Real fucking success!!!
Hay Chuck the clown the military is here to protect the U.S. not for your social experiments
Hey*
Sorry Chucky, it's a sincere thought but can be very troublesome in many circumstances! Feel bad but everyone can't have everything

Please do, Would love to see you right out front. Please be their SHIELD!
DO SOMETHING
I am truly concerned at this rogue President. Truly
Yes! We stand with you.
Start giving a shit about the 99% in the military who don't want transG!
you can't soundbite your way around the fact that you participate in discrimination and hate by not doing whatever it takes to end them.
Your career of treason to America is just about over you damn clown
They ain't born that way Chuckie
Not when they cost tax payers money!!!
I'd imagine you've seen articles today reflecting that transgender-related healthcare is 12% of the budget for viagra and cialis, right?
That's another thing they should cut Viagra. People should just eat watermelon it's basically the same as taking a pill
So by this logic men with ED shouldn't serve either as we can't afford to pay for it? Trying to understand your POV, but this seems trollish
Nah, I think anyone should be able to serve but I only want to pay for people's medical conditions if they are life threatening
That's a different fight. That's fighting for what's covered, not WHO is covered.
THAN YOU AND YOUR ILK PAY
No WE don't.  If their medical treatment or anything is a distraction it's too risky for the rest of our soldiers
Officers should refuse to participate in these unconstitutional involuntary separation boards.
Someone please do something!!! We can't go on like this !!!
While you're standing with Ivanka and Jared in the Hamptons?*awkward*
You stand with anything,
. Patriots dont join the military for a sex change oper a tion!
Truth.  When are you going to get the russian mob out of our white house?
No social sex change experimentation !  

#ShysterShuckyChuck
Something Trumplestilskin never did.
what about trumps statement on upstate ny and it's people,are we sure this pres has a working brain cell? Can the MD's check n see??
Thank you Senator Schumer. Thank you for faithfully and honorably representing New York.
Unlike you conservatives stand with ALL our military personnel. Again another example of liberal sexist bias from the left!
Yo, Chucky, Don't stand too close!
Our Military is not to be used as a Social Experiment.I agree with POTUS & the Generals who understand the workings of our defense.
It's not their patriotism, it's the gender reassignment surgery. Only service related issues should be paid 4 by taxpayers! They can use ACA
By dividing the D Party,failure to protect monumental achievements of Democrats since FDR,you risk equality,HC,VR,SS,Medicare,Medicaid
Why should the rest of us have to risk our lives because of your perversion?
Really? Name three.
Epic Fail by USAToday about who to expect. A TRAITOR! LoL 
Very expensive & potentially disruptive. Military preparedness is foremost
Taxpayers having to pay 4 sexual reassignment is as worthless as txpayers bying a home 4 me, in th Bahamas bcause I don't like where I live
This has nothing about serving, nice spin Chuck! It has more to do with the taxpayer (government) paying for the sex change and serving open
Trump displeased w Session like Comey so he is going to or has fired them Americans displeased w Trump when do we get to fire him
in high heels?

Here Chucky. ...you are probably going to need these.
You mean free loading slime who are looking for free transition. Screw u chuckie
yes..just ask Bradley Manning.
Not in this country because I would not want someone that screwed-up to have my or my men's backs, ever.
A disgraceful way to throw red meat to the social conservatives. NMP
"Serving honorably" means collecting $3.7 Billion in free surgery and hormones over next 10 yrs.  Enough to buy a new destroyer.  Jig is up!
This has nothing to do with transgender. It's cost. Too expensive. Think a little out of the box
Thank you, so do we, but please don't take your eyes off the ball.
If you want to change sex pay for it your self that's the issue @SenSchumer
Then STOP embracing Grifter Sanders and his cult of imbeciles/misogynists/bigots that align more closely with far right on these issues. >_<
If you actually believe that your Dumber than I already thought you were!!
Reality check, I wouldn't want someone watching my back that has emotional problems day and night. There are many ways to serve. Look at you
They always have and they always will!
#Resist
Of course, most military members serve honorably it's about 250 per trans who convert. We can't continue to foot the bill for everything!
I'm so afraid this man is destroying our country and is working with Putin to make US a dictatorship.  No one is stopping 45 from doing this
Here come all the liberals that have all of a sudden become experts on the military to spout off their crybaby bull 
Its the Russians. They did it!!
'We' doesn't include our draft dodging oaf of a potus.
Ppl once joined the military to fight for this Country..then joined for education..now for sex changes.. Trump fixing things 1 at a time.
Just when we thought your obstruction schedule was packed to the limit.. Chuck, he's given you a gift. One more thing to bitch about.
I stand t get your ass fired I will do anything to destroy your ass
U haven't thought it through Chuck. Where does it stop? Do we get a hair transplant for a soldier depressed because he's going bald?
Well all you supportersshould come out of pocket and pay for all the special medications and circumstances it requires for them to be there
No surprise. Even if these folks are a distraction and less than capable putting us and their compatriots in danger. Obstructionist hack!
Something like 15,000 of them.
Real patriots put their sexuality aside and serve the country. enough with the anti social experiments.
Next fight for blind midgets to be included fair is fair
https://www.nytimes.com/video/opinion/100000003720527/transgender-at-war-and-in-love.html?mcubz=0 …   This

Fine, let them all serve on your staff. That works for me.
Lighten up. I'm sure the President wasn't talking about Amy.
They are also mentally ill and unfit for service.
Chuck Schumer is an idiot.  Evidently he NEVER served in the military.  Along with jokers wanting to have beards and wear weird hats.
You know damn well they will kill those freaks over in the Middle East
The. Military is NOT THE PLACE to force costly surgeries and non military anatomical modifications
Just stop asking us taxpayers to pay for their elective gender surgeries and I will agree.
Trump does not stand with him!
...potentially giving their own life for our freedoms, is doing this country an injustice,'' - SSgt Logan Ireland. 2/2
Maybe Trump is secretly LGBT... LOL!!
If you're gonna bullshit the American people w your new slogans you should consider hiding your ignorance! We arent buying it!
tRump did this for political reasons. Not acceptable. Again.
Obama did it for political reasons
Agreed Senator, but keep your eye on the ball. Another distraction while his agenda flounders. Keep up the pressure to account.
You don't matter in this  matter! Soldiers will tell you what they accept. HELL, they're the ones that die.
bull
. Transgender are not patriots.
Canada is way ahead of the US in letting everyone serve in the military whatever their orientation.
Good then when they want a sex change operation you foot the bill.
after House protected this right, how can @realDonaldTrump tweet a ban? Isn't this what dictators do? #dictator
@realDonaldTrump is a coward and is showing during "Heroes Week".
Question: did donnie serve?  Why not?
Easy to say "We stand with them" Mr. Schumer. PLEASE, for the love of our democracy DO something to get this madman out office!!!!
This is a trick to get all anti- descrimination victories back into the Bigot packed Supreme Court so they can be reversed.
Can someone please tell me again why the fuck we ask about this in the military? Youre either a good soldier or not.
The Main point was that the government isn't going to spend money on military members "surgery". Which they shouldn't have too
Agree. Especially those that enlist just for the benefits.
What about this?!?!!! Anyone gonna call him out on it???
Shouldn't those who "identify" as a Navy Seal be exempted from the training?
They serve and protect our country! Much thanks to all our Hero's!!! Trump needs to send his dumb a** sons to help fight some of our battles
How about the IT guy in the Democratic Party !! Now there is a story !!
Damn straight we do. We stand with them and against the treasonous mad man Trump who is destroying the USA.
