Why aren't you guys countering the GOP bill with fixes to ACA instead? I think that's a good way to get support.
GOP not made easy for Dems to try to work with them. It's BS Dems wouldn't work with them, they would have except GOP wants a kill bill...
Oh I know, but it wouldn't hurt for Dems to come up with a bill to fix ACA and present it as an alternative to the people.
I think they have in fact several on both sides of aisle have options on how to fix tRUmp has never allowed Dem interaction
Right, which is why I'd like Dems to be more vocal. I know some are, but I'd like to see a bigger emphasis on it.
Few weeks have been bad. Pussy Pelosi said that hundreds of thousands will die. She wasnt worried bout the Vets dying while waiting for HC
If you want to disparage women with such names, do it with your 10 followers. Don't do it on my feed.
Blocked her 
Sen Schumer I love how McConnell says Dem don't want to work with them, we would but they keep insisting on #tRUmpTreasonCare bill for rich
Did was make it possible for more people to sit at home and do nothing. If you are physically able 2 work you should have to work 2 pay 4 it
And the 700 billion dollars that Obama took from Medicare will eviscerate Medicare. Nobody is cutting precious Medicaid they are slowing....
CHUCKIE you haven't negotiated one sentence in this bill, all u do is yell n scream , how bout yellin n screaming that u must get involved??
Medicaid rose because PPL could not afford prem. & deduct of UNACA. Lower cost and deductibles for ppl & Medicaid no longer needed.
Is that your message now Chuck ? you know that's a lie....It's being returned to the states..Soooo.That means u get to do something about it
But you won't because your the King of doing nothing but bitching, I hope that works out well 4 U n the DEMS in 2020 but I'm sure it won't
Ocare? Nobody fuckin died. Wat do u think will happen their cov will run out n  nursing home will jst carry them out & put them on a bench
Hateful rhetoric and telling millions of people that they will die are making people unhinged. What did everybody do before....
You need to start telling the truth and not twisting it. I completely hold you and your party responsible for scalise's shooting....
The growth. It will still increase at a rate of 20%. People need to go out and look for jobs, if they are able to. All Medicaid expansion...
No it will not, stop!!!
If you want to alienate GOP voters and give them reason to support trumpcare then keep talking about drug addiction and substance abuse
Largest supplier of opiates! Liberal thumb on us! Build the wall!
Well what have you done but complain complain complain do something stop complaining
Mr Schumer. Don't lie to the American people. Quit using fear to scare my mom. Your not doing your constituents any good. Quit it
Again, why is it just now?
What do you suggest?
Maybe it's time for Govn't to get the heck out of healthcare and just set guidelines.
Schummer lies!!!!!
Go figure - there is a reason why it is the biggest payer - needs controls put in place - too easy to get docs to prescribe drugs
Take a break Chuck.....deep breaths.....
Maybe NY controlling medicaid will not be better. Too much waste and corruption in our state.
Don't forget the GOP wants the lower classes dead or infirm it's called class warfare
You are a tool. Keep fighting Chuckles...
Only in DC is a decrease in the rate of growth considered a cut. #fakenews
Good. We can se the money on children instead. Teach them not to use drugs.
Give it up schumer, the ACA is dead and no one can save it.
Way to play the class envy card Chucky Cheese
Technically, opioid use has quadrupled since the enactment of the ACA...so Dems need US citizens dependant on pills and government?
And who is Medicaid? We, the people who pay taxes,  are Medicaid. So your objective is to have us pay taxes so you can spend it.
I was sick when I heard @realDonaldTrump response to your proposal to WORK TOGETHER to save health care.
He could care less about us.
Please explain while increasing at the rate of inflation eviscerates Medicaid. If u stopped grandstanding u could do your job.
How cme u don't cm 2 care abt hard working, tax paying, middle class families going broke on healthcare system u foisted on us,
Are you worried you won't get coverage?
Please do not forget that prenatal care will not be covered. Concern for poor outcomes for mothers, fetuses, & newborns.
What wrong chuckles are u afraid of Losing voters if Medicaid is changed? Thats all u democrats want to do is pay for votes!
Obamacare massively expanded Medicaid, putting the States on the hook.
Do you have a solution,Sir?
I suggest covering low to mid income families. At a cap point in the $200,000 range,  those above cap are on their own.
Just a starting point, Sir.
Eviscerate, good one Chuck  Do you know how much the deficit is?! Reduced spending does not = eviscerate!
Why don't you publicly agree to work on a bipartisan health care bill if tax cuts are removed from the process? #publicly #SinglePayer
Glad to see medicaid is used to treat drug users. We all know when a drug user is rehabilitated they become so useful to society
I live your over the top harsh language. You haven't learned a damn thing.
Big word Chucky!

What's it mean?

Sounds like after birth
You need to lead on this issue in New York and work with the state legislature to pass a tax bill to provide supplemental #Medicaid
Can I ask why you lie?
That's just not accurate. Are you uninformed, or are you straight up lying for fear-mongering purposes? #ScareTactics
Chuck... cry me a river
Build the Wall Chuckles , and the supply line of dope decreases with the number of addicted ! Does that make any sense to you ?
and disabled kids and the elderly...this is our safety net! we can't tell these ppl to "get a job" but we need to help them---they matter 
Chuck, can Congress fix the $50 Billion Dollar Medicare/Medicaid fraud that occurs EVERY year.  #FixTheFraud  #WePayEnoughTaxes
More lies from Chuck and Dems. No help from Dems on any issues. Obstruct and lie is all u do. Shame on u. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp.
If the requirements aren't changing, then how would those on the program die?  Or lose it? I see a slowdown of growth. Please answer.
Please try to work with the republicans to get this problem done before many people get hurt.
Ur crazyclown Medicaid isa freebie so there is no imits o howoften thecan use it,the presidentwant people to workagain n stopbeingdependent
#healthcare gives #Medicaid more money not less. Answer the question: is there more or less money being spent.
Busy day on Twitter, eh Chucky. Nothing better to do? Helped anybody who voted for you today? Done anything besides complain today?
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/what-sort-of-man-is-donald-trump …

#heallthcare Trump style
Thank god!! Tired of paying for all the
 free loaders!!! Time to clean up this mess & free loader party is over!!
#deplorable

Ya gotta fix the problems at their source Chucky... Big Pharm! Or are they in your pockets too? Stop using this bill to OBSTRUCT!
LIAR. The GOP bill spends an additional $67 billion, that's called an increase.
He is right Gruber; Medicaid increases year over year in the bill.  Just not to the same levels as the disastrous and failing Ocare
People will lose insurance because they now have the free choice to do so. Not penalized with a gun to the head by the full force of US Gov
NO IT DOESN'T. IT WILL INCREASE MEDICAID EVERY YEAR!!!!  Was that loud enough for you to hear?  READ THE BILL AND STOP LYING!!!'
Why isn't New York taking care of it's sick citizens instead of paying for College?
Not a surprise since they just want to lock 'em up.
Why haven't you let Americans know that Obama care needs a bail out? All Obama care is, is a medicaid expansion
Trump now tweeting out graphs showing democrats are lying. Medicaid is going up!! HELP
50+ seems forgotten in this dirty & cruel HC Bill by GOP. They could see rates rise over 800%! MILLIONS of AARP won't forget at the polls!
Curtailing the future growth with no cut from current levels does not constitute evisceration, no matter how you stretch the definition.
I don't want to pay for substance abuse.
#Trumpcare =#deathcare
You socialists want single payer, look no further than the VA it is a disaster as would a national plan.
Who pays into Medicaid! You can't have a free system unless somebody pays for it
Let's eviscerate drug dealers!
How about don't abuse substances? Opps I forgot liberals are not responsible for their actions
Medicaid helps both the elderly and children. Are you calling them drug abusers? #idiot
If they are abusing substances yes, read the reply or do you need a fucking safe place
#FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal aca is unsustainable
use or abuse?
You knew @potus wasn't under investigation & you acted like he was. How can anybody believe what you say now?? You have NO INTEGRITY!!!
Why should tax payers be funding this crap?
Not to mention disabled CHILDREN!!!
Word to the wise: evisceration is not the optimal verbal image in a healthcare discussion.
Defeat #trumpcare. Then, #singlepayer. We want an NHS, like the UK, for the USA. #NHSforUSA. #MedicareForAll
Perpetually out of touch Ryan: "people will choose not to buy something they don't like or want." Um buy it with what, if you're poor?
Did u actually read this or r u trying the old Dem scare tactics Can't believe a word that comes out of ur mouth Didn't even read 1 word ahc
Your ACA penalized the working poor who couldn't afford insurance in order to pay for the non-working freeloader. #tyranny
Thank you for fighting for us!
eviscerate?really Chuck?By the way, how long have the borders been open to the 2nd deadliest nation of 2016? Where the heroin pours in from?
Amend Obamacare....reduce # ins cos preferably 2 1 co 2 control premiums
you would have more than amend to help.
Chuck why do u lie about the # in the healthcare bill. The new bill increase medicaid by 2%. It cuts nothing. Your using fear mongering agai
I DONT WANT TO PAY YOU ANYMORE! I want to fire you! Tell me,in 6 months,what have you n your crew of sore loosers accomplished?
Substance use disorder? is that what we call drug addicts now?
We know we know: and 100 million people are going to die.
Fake tears schumer fear monger
Sen. Schumer, take the narrative away from the GOP by offering a bill that fixes the ACA.  Will show the Dems are serious about healthcare.
That's because it isn't a healthcare bill, it's a tax revision.
Free market. To hell with the junkies.
I guess to hell with the poor, elderly and children too. You're a great human being. #sarcasm
You said that,  not me. Learn to have a conversation. You say your part and I'll say my part.
No. Being cruel doesn't make you cute.
Is it cruel to take people's money by force and give to other people?
That's what the #WealthcareBill is.
How so?
can you run for President please ??? 
U want this baffoon running our country. It will turn out like Germany. Or Russia. He is all for complete big gov control. That's why we
Why do you need Medicaid if we have ACA/Obamacare?

Because Obamacare has failed
what is trump doing
Shouldn't use drugs
Dear Democrats: act like the majority senate party. You have a chance of wooing two #GOP senators to support an actual health care solution.
They should get a bipartisan coalition of governor's headed by Hickenlooper and Kasich to draft or propose an ACA fix that states need.
