And we do not want infrastructure lining private pockets,  but public works!
The jobs report say otherwise.
Bill crap they found out THOSE Jobs were on the way before the lieing shit became president SORRY.
Sorry , not into fiction,
U know is disappointing u & ur fellow dems u are elected to do the peoples work u should be ashamed
Hey Chuck not as good as it will be we are still getting over 8 yrs of the Obama nightmare
You mean like Clintons special interests?
Susan Rice will be behind bars soon.She violated the law by spying on our president.Drain the swamp.
Yea but your President needs to be not far behind for lieing and not showing taxes thank you
The only liar is that crooked corrupt Hillary. Obama & the other lier Rice spied on our president.They also screwed Bernie.
What did the Obama administration do for jobs???  I'll tell you....Nothing.
Trump is the most embarrassing president the United States has ever had!
The neatest thing about reading these replies is the chance to block trolls and bot accounts.
Disappointing #NYState #jobgrowth (or lack of it) @SenSchumer cares more about his political career than the people that he represents.
your obstructionist! Your state needs to replace you!
Look at retail job numbers.
other then mouthing off what are you doing for this country????
What must be done for his impeachment?  Why did you even interview their Supreme Court nominee when they would not interview Obama's nominee
Because the last year if a presidency always passes on supreme court nominee that use to be one of Shumer things but he renigged
Who's interest is special in your mind? Only democrats? Should be all Americans. Start uniting the parties! Wasting too much time and $$
That's what happens when you shit in your nest !
Disappointing #JobsReport just shows that Obama administration prioritized special interests. Trump demonstrating continuity.
Liar
I swear you must have slipped off the banana truck. Obliviously you have no clue about the job market. Unemployment down as well..
Jobs are up. What's disappointing about that?  At least stop the blatant lies Schumer.
I hope he prioritize my special interests Senator.
It takes time to fix Democrats mess Chuck. Calm down and  go out to eat tonight and annoy people who voted for Trump.
Disappointing job reports are a reflection of you Chuck. You have held public office since 1975!
Special interest?  He took down our Animal Welfare link.  He isn't doing special Interest, unless its' yours
You are the most negative democrat besides others you need to get over the fact she lost and either move on and work with Trump or retire
He never cared about those dumb white people.He duped them and we all pay the price.
Hows your job prospects? Who wants to hire a gutless phoney who has been cheating his constituents?
How do you look at your self each day, full of hate and bitter lies. Fake crier. Jobs report  real, good pay,. Obama ,fake, part time only.
Trump cpuld care less about jobs .Its about power and kickbacks
No less than NINE major retailers have filed for Chapter 11 since Trump has taken office.
Disappointing but no surprise#Resist
don't ever know where to start on this, the cherry picking of the Dems, solar for one, did not pan- out the list is to long!!!!
Despite? I #barely #follow headlines #what a #tied
I blame you and your lib obstructionist buddies!
Grow up Chucky. You are a sad little boy that wants to take his ball and go home.

at least he is trying. What jobs have the democrats created
Blah blah blah
What "special interests"?  Why don't you actually say something concrete in your tweets? You're embarrassing the other Senators.
hey chucky remember when bush said they moved WMD weapons to Syria. How can any dem be proud of you or the dem Party U guys joke
What have you done Chucky??
Trump has no jobs plan and no plan for the deficit. Let's get real.
I know you're just earning you Soros Money.
Instead of a new phone how about new spectacles...that's glasses sir.
all 50 long term jobs from that pipeline ....and coal is not coming back whatever Tweety Amin claims
GO TRUMP!
I don't see Trump taking credit for the latest jobs report in spite of his attempts to manipulation the data 98k new jobs is not a good show
Do you do anything but Bitch?  What are you doing to help job creation?
How many coal jobs?
And you have prioritized bringing down our government. Hooray for you.  Try governing, like you were elected to do.
@mckelvey_patti he can only ride obamas coat tails for so long!   I think that time had come!
Chuck you should stay off tweeter you are losing credibility
"Negative Chuck" will spew negativity for the next four years - exactly why Trump is Pres - he just doesn't get it.  #termlimits
Chuck Schumers hate for Trump will probably give him enough stress that it may kill him, no loss.
no need to wait for the blame to go to obama 8 yrs of vacation on us HE HAS DONE NOTHING but blaming Bush for everything
I guess Spicey won't be bragging about those March numbers
Prioritizing Special Interests is standard procedure; that is politics. 
    Money created unlimited access and power.
This jobs report is just the beginning of once again proving if you give the rich more they keep it. Trickle down is against human nature.
If that were really true Chuck, you should really like him because that's all you leftists do...
Liar. POTUS has created a good number of job both months in office.
Ignorance just keeps running  rampant!
Well, Sir, we will need your help. US economy is currently in tiny, tiny hands. SAD!
Too bad your minions are drinking your kool aid Harry Reid junior.
Chucky. Get a life
This is a hard way for people to find out who he really is.
Wishful thinking! Pipelines, wall, regulation repeal all create jobs. Still digging out of the mess left by @POTUS44 & the Dems.
Trump is prioritizing making as much profit as possibe. He's already spent 24 days on a Trump property
So nice to have a judge to restore the "Rule of Law" Your DNC had plenty of appointed Judges! What a joke!
Thank Amazon for a lot this. They are burying the grocery stores with their new grocery selections they added. Ama. hiring 160kft 30k pt
Schumer is such a sore loser!!!!
8 years with Obama-Schumer policies and lowest GDP in history and your complaining after 70 days in office...Stop Crying and help out!
@Nicolen922 What Happened 2 Jobs In March? R Jobs Going Away As "Bad Problems Going Away"?
Coming from the lawless party that protects the drug tradeing cartels with sanctuary cities!
Yes he is.  If investigation shows illegitimate do we undo all of his nominations? Syria was for show. Remember Reich stag
POTUS has been creating jobs his entire life. You have been sucking off the tax payer trough yours. Get out of the way and watch fool.
So @realDonaldTrump took credit for @POTUS44's jobs report, this one is who's fault? 
That is exactly how populism works: government enriches their own, people get fed anger and crumbs.
Schumer is an embarrassment to the Senate and the country.
When Chuck talks everyone tunes out for being a monotonous tedious bore.  Now eat the nuclear options that you and have sewn.
All I hear about is jobs leaving despite trumps tweeting
Where were jobs during BHO 8 years. All he did was write job killing executive orders, sending good paying jobs overseas while U did nothing
Disappointing comments like this is why no one on the right wants to work with you. .
you're an ass. Jobs have been over expected, you never seem to mention that!! Go away schumer and take nutty Nanci with you
Stop to write BS , and start work for your country bc you looks like silly useful following the obama gang
Obama had six years of job growth. trump tried to take credit for Obamas work. Let's see if he takes credit for the low report.
Better than what Obama did. At least it's jobs..
you are never going to be happy with anything @POTUS does! Exactly how many jobs have you created since you have been in office?
participation rate stops being relevant now.
And you're doing all that you can to make sure it stays that way huh Chuckie? I voted for Wendy Long and am an Ex Dem
Term limits
Been more good jobs than Obama ever had
and nobody is more of an expert on special interest than the honorable Senator from NY
like your special interest putting money in your pocket
Because YOU attack him constantly.  You are the problem. #getoverit #youlost
CHUCK SCHUMER, instead of complaining about a very busy president, reach across the isle and give a little assistance!  Or are you unable?
Negative
These are still Obama numbers
Democrats haven't worked with President Trump from day one!
Schumer stop lying
Stop it. Running your mouth trying to divert what's important and the fact that POTUS HAS MADE A GOOD DECISION YOU JYST WANT TO CRITICIZE
But not as disappointing as the Supreme Court falling into the plutocrats lap!
If it was good Trump takes credit, bad it's Obama's falt. Weak Donnie.
I call for your expulsion from congress everyone should call their reps now and demand the process begin
best one in 8 yrs Obama was trying turn us into 3rd world with your help still working his agenda?
of course he is, the Pro Corp greed Prez. Keep fighting the oppression Chuck. Trump is an embarrassing disgrace.
What are you doing to create jobs? Your such a naysayer.If someone with your attitude worked for me I'd fire them. Oh yeah, u do work for me
Schumer, you are a Clown. Even under continuous Attack on the Presidency, the Number is strong and Unemployment Dropped further.

Sad Chuck
Wait, isn't that OBama and Hillary's fault.  #unfit #unraveling #ImpeachNow #TheResistance
guess you don't look at Obamas job numbers, were based on participation rate.  once the real story hit you defended his numbers, much lower
Chuck you are the one that is disappointing. Are you too busy to do your own tweeting?
Chuck, do read the tweet replies? Do you have any idea how much the country despises you? I think it's time for you to step aside.
Please stop wasting taxpayer money and get to work!!! If you were serious about jobs you would cancel your 2 weeks and focus infrastructure
No proof chuck just more of your mouth
Facts not fiction!!! Please tell the truth Thank you
Still waiting for @FoxBusiness and @MSNBC et all to start talking about all this UNCERTAINTY
@MSNBC @Morning_Joe @HallieJackson talked about these numbers this morning and uncertainty
They also had a few stories about the Panama Papers scandal but never gave it its due. Lets see them hold him to this for a while
Someone tried to warn us. Buckle up #MAGA crew, it's about to get worse! @GOP is just getting started! #JobsReport
Lieing killary
You are sounding too much like sour grapes when the focus is on Syria now. Just a heads up, it's not a good look.
No one would know better about special interests than the DEMS with the QUEEN being Hillary Clinton.
What interests are those?
yea
Always Mr. negativity don't you ever have anything positive to say about anything
NOT Trump NOTHING Positive to say, #traitor #impeach
Your going to have a sad 8 years
he won't make it thru the year Comrade
That sounds familiar that's what they said during the election look where is it now
do u even KNOW what an investigation is? Clearly not 
Are you referring to the witchhunt
have an ORIGINAL thought instead of regurgitating what your Orange leader tells you SAD!
everybody's unemployed or underemployed do to your piece of crap Obamacare Financial disaster on the American people
What's disappointing is YOU Chuck! #obstructionist #JobsReport
He's a liar & he's proven it time & time again. Y r people so shocked ?
Look at what Obama did for jobs......nothing ......and you said nothing about it  That makes you a HYPOCRITE POS. Do yo want to deny it ???
Balls Reid, but they found you Chucky Gum Shoe & you just might be even more pathetic than Harry Balls.
He has done more in his 70 days in office to help create jobs than you & your socialist colleagues have in 20 years!!!
And after Obamas first few months, what the F had he done? Nothing but complain about Bush. I didn't think Dems could do worse than Harry
He was blaming Bush well into his 2nd term.
Word
Bomb something maybe we won't notice.sad
Who are you. Get your facts straight. He has done more for jobs in 70 days than the last 3 presidents. Check the stats
Fix healthcare to create more full time jobs and lowering taxes is the solution. Get on board. Stop bloviating.
Jobs report awesome!  Better then what Obama and the Dems did!!!!!
Omg!! Butt hurt because you ruined your party and have no control. We voted out Dems because of you and PELOSI.
Shut your mouth Chucky boy!
Lol the great numbers from last month reflected growth under O. The economy has now been turned over to Trump so deal with it. Facts matter
HE IS SPENDING HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF TAXPAYER DOLLARS INSTEAD ON SECURING HIS FAMILY'S LAVISH LIFESTYLE ACROSS THE COUNTRY AND GLOBE.
Not happy Today?  Maybe retirement would be better for you.
for Trump I totally agree 
What have you done Chuck, other than obstruct his nominations? #resist #socialism
@neeratanden he owns these numbers
He is certainly prioritising personal interests
What did obama fo besides get his face on TV every day
Congress will be working a blistering 8 days in April ?  Apparently they have nothing on their agenda, except Trump bashing. Vote em out!
Lol u Democrats r something else if Trump put every citizen to work y'all would complain about it.hope your ass is voted out in 18
What will Congress do about trump defying Constitution & war without authorization?!
Nothing. Pay themselves on the back. Say he is acting presidential
He will find a way to blame it on Obama if questioned.
oh dont worry - he'll blame it on obama
