I find it shocking that this is trumps decision and not a government one?
Exactly.... I am starting to feel like he thinks he is a dictator. He just wants to appeal to his uneducated base.
Well his "uneducated base" obviously knows more about it than you
His base knows more about climate change? Really???!
We know about how OBama got us roped into this in the first place with no congressional approval....which you obviously did not.
Roped into what? Go to a library and read a science book. OR reas Trump's open letter to Obama in NYT in '99 when he supported this issue!
Interesting read
no it wouldn't. It's a waste of money so let's stop the nonsense
You are myopic. Millions of green energy jobs there for the taking. Be number one in the world again. Lead. Coal is very bad.
Trump failed us again
how so?
Yes. Withdrawing from the Paris Agreement is a death wish. Please do all you can to ensure we slow down the destruof our planet.
Can you tell me Why? The cost alone is sickening. Jobs lost!
We are hurtling towards the complete destruction of our planet.
That's a glass half empty outlook .. why exactly? I was looking for facts ..
There's lots of research out there. Arctic ice continues to melt, will put cities on coasts underwater, warm climates will become unbearable
Even the greatest experts said if we did everything this agreement it would change the situation by a fraction of a %..
We should be working to do more. Not less.
This was simply a bad deal would cost trillions of dollars and cost millions of jobs. We can't just keep making money. Someone has to pay.
You want to save the planet ? Then start by pulling Kushner's security clearance, Indictments and impeach trump and his Kremlin Cohorts
Looneys, all of you. Blind in sight and rotten to the core in morals. Wake TF up! And then get your facts straight
Definitely poison for trump and Republican party
Stay in touch. I have money that says you're wrong. If they couldn't put Hillary away, there's no way shape or form that Trump is going down
You lie.
Chuck are that stupid we pay far to much $$ & other countries pay nothing or very little environment is important but not at USA expense
Fake money machine. No credibility at all
Giving away millions of US dollars and sacrificing US sovereignty would be a travesty....put America first!!!
Hey Chuck, can you pass it on to @POTUS that my kid just had Nazi symbols & "suck a d**k" written in her yearbook. Tell him thanks. #Resist
Typical liberal lies
Drew burning cross, penis, guy giving Nazi salute. Classy. When she gets physically hurt I'll send you the bill.
Pathetic Schumer!!! The US will thrive and progress if the Democrats quit crying and lying about all positive moves by POTUS
THEY needed to change the talking points. #PutinsWH #UnethicalWH #RussianTrumpTies #TheTravelingClownShow all on page 7c. #DISTRACTION
Have you read the dam thing
ActuallyAmerica has made great strides in cleaning up our air & water.Globalist agenda takes American $ and redirects it to other countries.
Stand Strong Senator Schumer.

It is a continuation of birther movement he just wanted to erase everything Obama did.
DEMS should focus on jobs , economy and healthcare
BS chucky
it seems that everything he does, he does out of spite.
This president needs not luxury cruise trip trip to polar caps!!!
You may need someone else to tell you when to take a shower or wipe your ass, but The U.S. does not!
Schumer is ignorant to ParisAgreement
Corporate Welfare
Bull, you are full of bull.
Chuckie, you sir are full of it
U.S. is no longer a leader. Ceded moral high ground to countries in Europe & even China who have no trouble understanding science & reason
No, it would help America economically and you resigning would be icing on the cake!  @FoxNews @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 
The military acknowledges climate change & has been making changes. At what point does #45 put our military in more harms way? #PutinsPuppet
Senator Schumer, when can we expect some movement on the Russia investigation? Mr. Kushner should be arrested, he commited treason.

Go live in France - Macrone has invited you. Do us a favor.  You don't care about the citizens of USA
To protect our planet the first thing we should do is get rid of you and start working together as a nation that has s president
Pathetic Schumer! Nothing will happen except what the countries themselves do to themselves. The US will gain and progress.
Possibly but POTUS is to renegotiate the accord. Complete your statements
IF TRUE, DO SOMTHING ABOUT JAPAN LEAKING RADIOACTIVE WASTE FROM THEIR LEAKING PLANT!??? #Fukushima #nuclearDisaster #treeHuggers
As always, Chucky, you're full of $hit!
Lol , constituents first before non-constituents. AMERICANFIRST before the Do you work for USA or #globalist ? Do taxes pay you or #soros ?
Stop him. Anyway you can. You must.
So worry about it, then ENDORSE Bernie Sanders if he chooses to Run in 2020, he has been warning all politicians for decades #ActOnClimate
do something! Americans will all be marching to Washington! The dictator takes away healthcare for the sick and Medicaid ...jees
Well good luck with this! How can we Americans get our country back before it is completely ruined and the whole world hates us?
When are the real leaders going to stand up and call for Trump's removal from office before he does any more damage to America?
Senator, we are screwed and I am losing faith.
Dems need2 sue him. He's violating the oath he took2 protect Americans. His assault on the planet will kill every1 slowly. U'd have a case.
Typical liberal lies
...away so Trump and the world know that we won't just accept this crime against our future #Stay in the Paris Agreement
Typical liberal lies
With complete disregard of science or facts
You mean the science that tweaked the results to fit their lie?
Chuck,  tell the truth. If every country completely complied with the Paris Agrmt. the temp. would drop by a % of 1dg./ 100 yrs.
That's not even close to the truth. Read some science periodicals for more accurate information.
You should read all sources not merely those you agree with then form an opinion.
I do. Science is based on data & facts. 97% of actual scientist disagree w/your claim. That is an uber majority.
Quiet down, Chuckles
What's wrong with a fair climate deal without US bankrolling
More jobs for China, fewer for US. Way to go Traitor Donald!
How about you put a bill for an important tax on nations that pollute like   and 
Zero effect on climate, definite positive effect on economy.
I'm just astonished at these fools in the WH.
What can we do? Backing out of this agreement is simply atrocious #ParisAgreement
#ImpeachTrumpPence !!!!!
Go away i hate NY anymore because of u. We have to look out for our country & not where u can line ur pockets anymore. U r a crybaby liberal
I believe pulling out of Paris agreement makes for a better Soveign USA.
The poor and working families would be most hurt by this agreement with rising electricity costs. Thought Dems stood for them??
I am for protecting the environment ... I am also for protecting the economy / jobs. Crippling the economy is not the answer either.
Maybe you should shed more fake tears over it.
No it wouldn't...75 billion of tax payers money for a temp reduction of .02 deg Celsius in 30 years? All Dumbocrats want to do is bitch!
It's all a scam. Money wasted! Other countries are taking the US for a ride.
The USA will end up being an isolated country with no trade, no clean air, no allies and a humongous wall, both literally and figuratively.
TO2/3USA POT PAPER CONSTITUTION,FDR-EtcSOCIAL CIVIL(ANTI-PROHIBITIONS)HONEST DEMOCRACY:KEEP FIGHTING GOP DEA WAR FASCIST SWAMP CRIMINALsAMEN
No it wouldn't #JesusKnows
I agree 100%.  Impeach Trump!
WORSE THAN U THINK,TOP GOP PAL SAID HE DUMPS HIS USED MOTOR OIL ON HIS POND TO KEEP MOSQUITOS DOWN!&WTH ABOUT NASTY"GOP"(DEA) NUCLEAR WASTE?
Chuckie, throw another log on the fire.  Must be global warming huh.  Its cold and wniter broke records.  Get real, it's a hoax.  Fake.
So get it ratified through Congress.
Bahahaha to those of you who like this, or anything this clown says for that matter.  256,000 jobs pvt sector in May.  Now that's NEWS!
Paris agreement bad for USA. Make it balanced and there would be something to talk about. We know you don't care about American workers.
#Backtoworksenator
Let's make changes that make sense to help environment and not subsidize  foreign countries efforts to curve their emissions.
With all due respect, the facts seem to say that the USA being a low polluter would suffer the most economically. Accord needs more balance.
Why don't you foot 100 billion dollars out of your pocket stop stealing it from ours for your nonsense bologna global warming I
You know what we should start cleaning up the DNC it's a disgrace that's more polluted in the whole world
You know what we don't have to do anything no one world order no one world globalist order scum
What about your big cars and your big houses
If the unpatriotic, anti-American Schumer is for it, Americans must not be in it.
@EcoGuardians TELL US dt is going to be impeached OUR COUNTRY is dying with dt in charge our people will die because of dt HELP!
Those countries just want our tax dollars. I hope we pull out of it.
LOWER THE TOOLS IN NYC, TOLS IN NY ARE HURTING PEOPLE IN THE COMMUNITY-THE WORKING MAN. WE WILL VOTE REPUB IF THEY LOWER TOLLS!!!!
Your false narrative that the Paris accord will save the planet is a joke & waste of $ .We are the leader of the free world, not France.
Yes we must save the HOAX of man-made global warming.  It will much easier to enact various laws to control the people. New Restrictions
Weak response. Dems piss me off in dealing with GOP. Must fight GOP with high energy, strong statements. Bring that @BarneyFrank fight.
BULLS%%T CHUCKY!!!!!!
Voting you out Fake Tears Chuck, would be a tremendous  start for  our country
Do it with your own cash not tax payers dude!
KUDOS TO PREZ TRUMP FOR PULLING OUT
2/3USA CONSTITUTIONAL DEMOCRATS:VOTE FASCIST BUSH-TRUMP-MCONEL-RYAN-CRUZ-ETC GOP DEA$9TyrWAR SWAMP CRIMINAL CON MEN(100sMILsDEA VICTIMS)OUT!
#Nope
It appears that he can't withdraw from the agreement for a few years. It's part of the agreement.  Please look into it and advise. Thx.
No, those days are over. We have thrown away enough$ already very small through 2100 for millions $ dumb do some homework we are not stupid
@realDonaldTrump should dump it like yesterday's newspaper. A complete waste of time & resources.
 OK Chucky
They don't have to start participating until 2030
People already can't pay their bills ,electricity will escalate,heating will increase , it's imbalanced China and india the worst offenders
if it's global warming, then how come there are so many snowflakes... put em together u can build a snowman lol
Bull; what was the motive for Ob to push it through to start with.  Not to protect the people.
Withdraw immediately. #climatehustle
Where's your response regarding squatty potty @kathygriffin ?
'Crickets' #MAGA
Consider taking it to the states if POTUS withdraws from Paris Agreement. Can individual states sign on, in defiance of central gov?
We must do all that we can do to remove this scum from senate! I thought Harry was bad!
Spoken like a true globalist. Thanks for trying but you will not enslave us.
Get off twitter #fakeCryBaby #Schumer
While we're protecting our planet -  what can we do about ur carbon footprint Chuckles?
Shut your mouth charlie
To fix the deficit, its fiscally responsible to scrap the Paris Agreement.
How?  We put money into it, and nothing changes
If we listen to Al Gore the polar ice caps would've already melted this is just a money maker for people with huge carbon footprints
Crooked weasel Schumer when will you stop receiving cash from Russia and stop suckling on crooked Muslim brotherhood Obama
NO Chucky but it might put your NGO buddies out of business.....Once again, you're awful and should retire before your dementia kicks in!
Chuck you have never been right about anything why should we believe you now?
withdraw
No it won't. You know nothing.
NYC is already a cesspool too late for you already chuckles
@SenSchumer YOU ARE ALCOHOLIC#DRUG ADDICT
You are using this to embolden the communists the same way Obama pimped Muslims to have Jews killed. You are a big fraud
also the economic ramifications alt energy will produce more jobs than fossil fuels
Its a scam. Will impact nothing. But hurt people with taxes
No s--t Sherlock
You are a sell out total BS climate change. !!!!! The earth has changed for 4 billion years !!!!!
Obama never brought to the senate to be voted on because it would of never passed. It will cost us too much money
If you would pull your bottom lip over your head and swallow that would really slow down global warming Chuck!
Why are the Russians coming back to Oyster Bay? You ministry do something!
NO! We have to pull out of it! Our sovereignty is at stake!! Not that you care
Let's concentrate on jobs & infrastructure! Why can't congress do their job? #gettowork #doyour job
Agree 100%. Keep on fighting. NYers have your back.
No it won't. The USA does not pollute. China and India pollute.
We need to fix our infrastructure, cut taxes, and fix obamacare!
Senator we are in a lot more jeopardy with Trump administration than just the Paris Treaty. The world is in jeopardy with this American goon
Please, let's get a change in Congress and WH asap! For Republicans, it's money over country.
Hey chuckie why should I pay for other country's carbon.. move out of New York snd you will get better air. Admit it it is a scam like ACA.
Boo lib!
Bullsh**!!!
No more lies. You push it because it makes you money
This is the time to shut up; or trump will exit just to spite you. I'm talking to you @SenSchumer you know how petty he is.
LETS ASK MOTHER NATURE BECAUSE I THINK SHE MAY HAVE A LITTLE MORE CONTROL OVER ARE ENVIRONMENT THEN WE HAVE Chucky Chucky
withdrawal is the only way
This is a "nothing burger" chucky Where's the beef? The US withdrawing from fake agreement will improve our econ security. We protect US.
At the detriment of an American economy and jobs, China will not be involved. Are you truly clueless
When I was young it was called global cooling then it was called global warming. It's just weather changes stop throwing away money
With all due respect, everything Trump does or has done or will do, puts America in jeopardy. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #trumpRussiaEspionage
As far as the leftist unhinged are concerned
BS. Refuse to listen to ALL #DEMS until you speak out in disgust at the #KathyGriffin #isis recruiting video + disavow HER act of terrorism!
What do you do to protect our economic security let alone our security? Not much.
So you're a Senator get all the other Senators and throw a net over this crazy MFer before he brings about our destruction
We have to get out of #parisclimateagreement All it does is hold back America #BadDeal #MAGA
Blah blah blah
Really
China 15 years until engaged Plenty of time to take more jobs
If YOU, would stop blowing such HOT AIR into the world, it sure would help, Chuck!!
Start working  and STOP TALKING!
@realDonaldTrump #MAGA
I suppose this is ok with you Chucky since I didn't see you on TV denouncing it. What a hypocrite!!
Leftist propaganda along with Dem lies and deception are leading US into ruin.  Open you aged eyes and see you are deceived.
Whatever loser
Waste of money your right.
So does opposition to the travel ban Chucky!
Well open borders put our country in jeopardy!
Please move to impeach!
Withdraw!! from the Paris agreement
Defending #Environmentalism as moral is ludicrous. #CollectivismKills & only a #PK would push for its continuance! https://tinyurl.com/ReadRCW 
Bannon wins--he wants to bring America down and is influencing Trump.
How can we stop this deplorable person. We need leadership not dictatorship.
It all about the big money supporting this plan. Each person has to help with problem. We all have to work together.  Most will never agree.
You don't know Jack about climate change.  Just blowing smoke like on  all the Fake comments you make.
