They don't belong here. Come in legally.
R'S & D'S SHOULD NOT EXTEND THE DACA RENEWAL DEADLINE IF THEY HAVE NOT SUBMITTED THEIR APPLICATIONS TO BAD THERE ILLEGAL IN THE FIRST PLACE
no DACA
Well how much $ has been given to support education and medical to support your DACA illegals while we have homelessness all over America
Their problem, they value wanting to stay, would have this done already..
And who's fault is that? THEIRS, Chuckie!
idiot
No...theyve had years
Because they probably weren't aware of it.
Shows you the illegals just like to demand things like it's their right but are too lazy to apply.
sounds like a YP not an MP
Sounds like a personal problem. They all knew the deadline did they not
Can we get the same extension in April for taxes
There is no leadership or trust in our govt, w/hacking of NSA, Equifax, threats of war,, threats of deportation.  Would you give your info?
Why do u hate every day Americans? U don't cry over vets, or working class people. U tax and spend our $ like it was your own. Please stop
Please note the luxury travel of the current cabinet. Oh must be #FakeNews. #hypocrite
Where did I say anything about fake news?
They do NOT trust giving info to this RACIST ADMIN.
What's racist about this administration?  Can you help me understand? PLEASE give us an example. Your comment sounds extremely ignorant.
We all have Obama to thank for this mess. The way he got this started in 1st place was irresponsible. Tough cleaning up another's mess
When are the liberals going to admit this problem belongs to the parents and Obama of these adults of DACA
then they can go back for not renewing by the deadline, enough is enough..
That should tell you something about these non-American, a.k.a. Illegals.
That is their problem..........
Delay HELL!  Speed it UP!  The sooner the less support our tax money goes to these illegal INVADERS!  Deterent for DEMOCRAT ILLEGAL Voters!
Mr Schumer. Your answer should be this. Get off your butts and get registered. Deadline is coming.
Can you blame them? So much uncertainty...
You need more time Chucky?! Thought you were all in on this and ready to go. Can’t even get that done when served in a silver platter. Hack!
Well, what does that tell you?  They always want something but don’t do anything to get it!!
A large majority of DREAMERS were just effected by the hurricanes!  Extend the deadline!!!
No DACA
Only the a FUCKING HEARTLESS RACIST is against the DACA. feel free to take that anyway you want to.
Why do u prefer the Executive Branch to overreach their Constitutional powers?
Then those 48k need to be shipped out, should have never been here anyway #NoAmnesty
Chuck schloser
They are afraid.
Too bad for them Chuck. Or, maybe they realize they won't be given amnesty. No extensions. No special consideration.
No DACA
To bad they have not completed. It shows these 40K are not responsible Secure our borders http://first.You  are a disgrace. Resign now
Bc they can't afford them??? Who tf can just put together $500 in a month on a minimum wage job?! This was done it on purpose! #ExtendDACA
Why? How many years have they had to files for their papers?  Waiting till the last minute is not on. POTUS
Present a Bill to Fix this, Do your job
What? And give up talking points?
They want the government to do it for them just like taxpayers money has supported them thanks to our government or lack there of
Apparently they still don't know how to obey laws. And since they are such a contribution to the economy, the fee shouldn't be a problem
That's great news!
And?
They are probably afraid
AMERICAN CITIZENS DEMAND CONGRESS TO UPHOLD OUR IMMIGRATION LAWS! These parents wished you had done it so their kids could still be here
So productive illegals who want to stay can manage to submit forms on time that is a head scratcher
They are here illegally and NOW you want to give them more time! We need to talk about this NOW not tomorrow after they murder more citizens
Evidently they're not as high about staying here as you are for their boats
Boats
Too bad
What about CHIP?
Lol
Too bad!
I nominate you Cryin Chuck to feed, clothe, house, and wipe the ass of every "dreamer" who demands it of you.
With threats of deportation of their families if it's revealed they're dreamers, image many afraid to submit forms. DOJ/ICE have grab orders
Maybe hurricane loss has impeded their ability to file???
Deadlines are deadlines
Guess they don’t want to stay very much if not signed up.
NO
Hey chucker, why the interest on promoting illegalities within your party?do you invest same effort for American homeless veterans?
They may be someplace being held up??? Or they no longer want to be an American?
Oh you mean dumb ass congress can't get anything done?  Too bad. You had a deadline. Maybe you didn't care enough
Well, if it was important to them, they would have.  No need for you to pander to them further
Maybe they went home early?
pandering for votes again I see but do nothing but obstruct help for American citizens.
Here's one that sees through you crying Chuck! It's to that America hasn't woken up! Isn't it chucky?
NEXT you will want to WAVE the FILING FEE, you all said they are working paying their tax and obeying the law.
To bad Chuck, like you lazy doesn't count
Maybe they should just leave then.
So not only are they here illegally but the can’t even fill out paperwork on time to try to stay?
Send them home.
Maybe the congress should just do their job!
They fear the info will be used against them...on lists
What talking points you giving Jimmy Kimmel to talk about tonight?
Too bad Chuckie. You and your party have given them plenty of heads up to get it done. If they can't even do that correctly.......

Not our problem. Rules are rules
To bad, I don't see the IRS delaying tax returns or my bank delaying my mortgage payment. Deport them immediately!
So they can't even follow DACA rules? Thought these were all quality upstanding wannabe citizens?!?
Let's not forget,the parents of those identified under DACA entered the US ILLEGALLY and are STILL here! Will they be deported if kids stay?
Maybe they're terrified of being rounded up in the near future.
You should have left out the BUT and replaced it with a semicolon
They have had years
Can you spot the American flag?  Neither can I.
The Dreamers must SUBMIT their APPS! Hurry people! What's the hold up! Today was the day!
No trust in the traitor dictator!
CHUCK, that's not POTUS 's fault. Get back to work & quit being an opportunist!
Then they obviously don't want to be American citizens they want to be citizens from their country milking assets from American's country.
I suggest you get busy working with R on helping American citizens first then we can worry about illegals. #BuildTheWall
No delay, if they can't follow the rules and guidelines, NOT OUR problem!
If it’s that important to the dacan’s.....
Our racist alleged president probably won't extend because of his dislike for things black or brown.
Actually we should send u back to Mexico with them how'd u like that chuckie oh u want pelosi 2 ok oh & mccain well ok him 2 Bye Bye

NRA is nation's oldest and largest civil rights organization 

In 1960's NRA trained African Americans to defend themselves against KKK
Sounds like a bunch of unresponsible people to me.
Don't expect the bus to wait just because you slept in..
Schumer now we have slackers that want more time. That's 48k that get a trip home. If DACA people want to stay apply on time. Dope
No surprise. They are use to FREE stuff and nothing but freeloaders. Get them back to their own country!
That's because the 48K are dead MS-13 gang members or in prison
Don't you think thy want the United States to do everything for them. They have the big smart @SenSchumer kissig their asses, taste good .

Trump won’t
Imagine that Chuckles!!!
They've learned they can't trust the government, which is very sad.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/04/28/obamas-ice-releases-19000-criminal-illegal-aliens-including-murderers-and-sex-offenders/ …

END DACA
They are afraid info will be used to deport them.
STOP THE DEMOCRATS MURDER AND SLAVE TRADE
END DACA
Maybe they're in prison ?
Bet they're scared. Contributing members of society are being turned into criminals. With abortion ban that would add citizens: women & drs.
I'd be afraid to submit anything to Traitor Trump Admin. They lie & use private information to benefit  a racist fascist regime AKA. Trump.
Blah Blah Blah
We need 2 #EndDACA & deport..Problem solved! They can all come back in the right way like LEGAL immigrants have 2! Fair is Fair Laws r Laws!
Unless you're Native American or Mexican, whites are immigrants to this country . Most came without papers. Immigration Act enacted 1917.
That’s not President’s fault, used to everything being done for them!
Whose fault is that?
Please get rid of this admin. Everyday we are gutted more and more. Help!!
You are so wrong liberals have done all your complaining about
daca is illegal - what part of illegal do you not understand chuck ?
Please cite your factual source for this assertion
Good! While you're waiting, get your adenoids taken out!
Maybe they dont qualify for the unconstitutional DACA PROGRAM
isn't it possible at this point trust in the system has been eroded? Do you blame them?
Deport them. Deport them all . . .

https://youtu.be/wWjzJYy5Ch0 

https://youtu.be/5TBXa3H1TqQ 

https://youtu.be/wDOXy8fHFTA 
build that wall
