They are going to INCREASE taxs for those with the lowest incomes by 2%? No more deduction for all who have to pay state income taxes? WHAT?
Of course they will along with cutting social security and Medicare. Gop as usual. 
Wake up SS Medicare is bankrupting us
No trump and his evil minions are bankrupting the country. Bush also took out money and never paid it back.
You need a serious wake up call Maobama is a Stooge for Soros, Rothschild's IMF CFR etc as are the Clintons & Bushes
Lolol how about the Koch bros.? And all the trillionaires who back Donald trump? All angelic people huh?
Right back at you buddy!
Lyin' Ryan claimed to have a great plan to repeal & replace ACA for 8 yrs, turned out it took 8 yrs to write 150 pages of crap. Useless!
We killed ACA repeal 4 times because others and I answered the  #CallToAction.
Never forget this feeling!
It's time to celebrate
@FoxNews dems celebrate no insurance or one option ,high premiums, killing small bus ,socialism(shared poverty)
Do you know a damn thing about insurance premiums?  Sick, unhealthy workforce kills small biz. In 40s-90s employers provided ins, pensions!
@fox @newtgingrich Lies,so left deflect by antifa Las Vegas,disresect national anthem to kp Americans dumbed down on tax reform & healthcare
By the way. #SHUTUP!  JUST SHUT UP!  No bofy is listening to you!  You people have ruined this Nation! YOU WILL BE REPLACED!
Surprised the Eucharist doesn't burn his tongue at Mass. Jesus would've flipped his table & grabbed a whip.
I think @Pontifex needs to excommunicate these deceptive liars who claim to be Catholic while hurting most vulnerable, lying and stealing.
Does that include Pelosi.
Pelosi doesn't fit the 'lying&cheating' side of the narrative. That's purely & completely the life&oxygen of the rethuglicans.
Not worth a reply. She didn't cut meals on wheels, veterans benefits, kids healthcare, try to slash Medicaid for elderly in nursing homes...
Repeal law against elder abuse & lawsuits against it in nursing homes, remove regs. on water safety, allow drilling, selling lands of parks
Mr Schumer,  since you have no background in financial or business management,  you tweet is completely spin to make yourself feel important
Dumbest statement I've read today
@FoxNews @newtgingrich dems lying again,they took $500billion fr medicare & they want everyone on medicare to control & steal,hate Americans
No one believes @GOP or @SpeakerRyan when it comes to helping MC or any other American's other than wealthy donors.
Crying chuck you don't have to punish the top 10% to give the other 90% a tax break. You have to grow the economy which this bill will do.
Thats because the rich pay 80 percent of all taxes
From blog of a good accountant I have used. Nice overview of what is know about proposal.
Ol' cryin' Chuck!!  
Get a clue Schmuckie! Dems ran up debt! Problem isn't taxes, problem is spending! Dems R tax & spend. GOP wants Americans 2 have more money!
@FoxNews @VP Dems Lies depend on stupidity of American voter like Obamacare will vote against tax reform&healthcare will vote to raise taxes
You should be happy if it will help the wealthy
Republicans are "materialistic & narcissistic" & don't want any money spent UNLESS it's on THEM. PERIOD. #PrivateJets



@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @VP @GeraldoRivera @SpeakerRyan @SenSchumer @SenFranken @SenateMajLdr Don't you just love the internet !!
Paul is so out of touch with the American people.  It’s pathetic!
we don't trust you Paul and we don't need a Charles Dickinson novel lifestyle, please quit before your career ends
You must not be on same page of hymnal.
Why is it legal to sell to the public kits that convert weapons to automatic & why are there instructional videos on YouTube?
PLEASE SHUT UP.https://youtu.be/F007nVuufaw 
It's more for the #middleclass than Obama & his @TheDemocrats minions gave in his 8 yrs in office. All you Democrats want is our wallet.
Clueless much? Maybe read it? No way is it going to benefit anyone but the rich.
IT’S THE PAUL RYAN STICK IT TO THE MIDDLE CLASS TAX PLAN!
MORE FAKE NEWS AND LIES FROM CHUCKY!!
Don't tell the people show your proofs.
Their cowardice and hatred for regular Americans is so apparent. Look at the cruel healthcare bill they sponsored! Supporting maniac potus.
I would NEVER trust you to be other than dishonest about this.  You have dealt yourself a bad rep.
Who pays the most in taxes? The wealthy.
How is it for the the middle class? 2x SD then take away my 27k+ in deductions? Yeah, that'll help

medical expense deduction to be eliminated; mortgage and charitable deductions remain. So seniors w. high medical expenses will suffer
Trump is a shit show!
Ok Chucky, where’s your tax reform bill?  Tax reform will benefit EVERYONE!  Especially the MIDDLE CLASS!
Something's better than nothing Charles
2% GDP is unacceptable! Got a better plan that will promote growth? Put in on the table & stop whining!
Oh  I don't believe you.   Minuhcin said  they wouldn't even tax the  1st  10,000 --WOW  !!   - THAT'S AMAZING - TRUTH
All i need to do is go to your twitter and POTUS twitter to see why we don't get anything done.  Stop the rhetoric work together!
Keep the rhetoric low.  Suggested read of TPC analysis by Howard gluckman.   Work with POTUS.  Im GOP and can see this benefits 1 pcters.
You never said anything before. The tax laws have been for the wealthiest for as long as I could remember
That means you. Please
http://weightlossgroove.com/celebrity-private-jets-and-yachts-charter-flight/6/ … Climate change your killing the earth with your toys!
 For the love of God stop.
It's a REVERSE on a @RobinHoodTax Loot from those with little so the very wealthy have even more plunder.
Look you all know what Ryan is about that's why I hate when some of these democrats get on shows & cozy up with these people. call them out

He is real.  He’s just two faced. And a liar.
Ryan has 2 big guys running against him, he's gonna leave, they seem really cool, both of them. Paul's lost.
Number of Americans killed on battlefields in all wars in history:

1,396,733

Killed by firearms in the US since 1968:

1,516,863

(NYT)
Come on! Stop giving the 1% everything @SpeakerRyan
This hatefilled jerk is lying again, as a democrat, it is a way of life to lie to their constituents.
The tragedy in LV should wake up the msm & Democrats to stop the daily division, hatred, & political agendas they push daily! #TIMEtoHEAL
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
Lyin' Ryan is at it again. He's the most shameless huckster since the #failingFakePOTUS! Vote this jerk out in '18!  We've had enough lies.
Time DEMs started working with @realDonaldTrump. This does nothing 4 DEM party.
Most people capable of reading & thinking for themselves are aware how rotten this tax plan is.  We can't let this pass.
I gave up on you and the Democrats being real a long time ago, and it's because of your idiotic rhetoric.
A good tax plan is where you are fair for everyone including the rich. When loop holes are closed, & everyone pays a flat tax, that's fair.
It is the rich who own the big companies that employ the middle class, and reinvest in their companies. Don't tax them to death either.
Bernie Sanders way of taxing the rich to feed the poor does not work. Utopia sounds good, but too many taxes & regulations kill a country.
.@SpeakerRyan the money  u took from Russia is an atrocious example of deception & should disqualify u from any role in government
Dear Chuck, you do realize that Paul Ryan is a Republican? This means the best part of him ran down his mother’s leg. Just sayin the truth.
Stop the Democratic bull. You need to learn to work together. Fed Up with Democratic's causing division.

On yo Bitch!  
GOP estate tax plan could = death tax on middle class. and >1% pay estate tax.
We know who it's for #NotDestracted
Please Sen. Schumer get Senate to vote against Brian BenczKowski for criminal justice position. He has strong links to Putin TRMS 9/28/17
See transcript from the Rachel Maddow show 9/28/17 on Mr. Benczkowski and connection to Russia thru Alfa bank. NYT 8/28/17; Slate 10/31/16.

Democrats & Liberals only spend their time spinning everything. We need a significant tax reform that Democrats never gave us.
Democrats try to make everyone believe that their solution of taxing more, and putting companies out of business is the best way.
You & everyone accepting your misleading tweets are not looking at facts. U want govt in control of every dang thing we do. It is too costly
I like new tax best plan ever
Ur an Idiot
#fakenews
Schmuckie, apparently you have never looked to see who actually pays income taxes! You are playing politics again, #LIAR!
You are what is wrong in America
What are you doing about #SpyRingInCongress? #AWANGATE #AwanBrothers?
Cry baby here! Boo Hoo
Thank you  Chuck!!!
Your responsibility vegas.Why don't you Dems want travel bans
95% of Americans will be concerned for family and friends the other 5% (Dems) will call for gun control and make it political.
DEMagoguery again. Just STOP. Be constructive or say nothing. You look like a fool
Quit lying, Chuck.
please resign now chuck impeach chuckled don't care American families and democratic care about them self only
Who do you call wealthy?
@RoseLeon111 @SpeakerRyan raise std deduction, raise top rates, tax non-earned and earned income the same, keep AMT & estate tax
How can U deny, first 12K-24K is tax free?  Middle income is 50K or less.  At least half of neediest Americans benefit. Where's confusion??
You killed middle class with ACA. It was largest tax increase in history. You had ur say. Sit down and shut up
Bottom line: @POTUS wants & will pay a lot less in taxes. Huge conflict of interest. It's immoral, corrupt & unjust. #TaxReform can't pass
Not to mention doing away with the Mortgage interest tax deduction that will hurt middle class the most
Now you have liberals shooting many in Las Vegas News said shooter liberal with Trump Derangement Syndrome
Chuck Schumer spewing marxist clap trap
Really @SenSchumer isn’t RINO Ryan one of your moles Who you trying to kid Schumer U & Ryan sniff each other’s cracks GFY
For the good of the country, please resign
The master pimp and divider that has been there for decades, has little to show as accomplishments, but always ready to knock others down.
You find wrong in everything republicans do yet every thing Dems have passed has failed us
#BanAutomaticWeapons #GunControl
The speaker is a disingenuous joke. I'm embarrassed to watch this congress kneel under trump's hand
Chuckie quit telling lies on here
How bout you come up with a better plan @SenSchumer. In SF 100k a year is lower middle class and Obamacare wants to tax insurance as income
Why can't we get rid of the whole Republican part of the Administration? They hate all Americans and probably all people.
We need to pass it to see what's in it Chuckie
You are hurting Americans by not passsing this law
As usual,  NO TEARS FOR AMERICANS IN VEGAS! #ANTIAMERICAN #DESPICABLE
It's too bad most people don't understand the economy and taxes so once again the Denms will lie to people and they will fall for it.
Ryan is as big a liar & shameless as Trump. GOP(Gov't of Putin) party is all lie. Lying works for core supporters, fatal. #TheResistance

You are such a liar.. I'm sick of your pathetic untruths.. Democrats ONLY plan is to enslave the middle class so we can ALL pay for welfare...
Senator, please stop this mess. Disaster on so many levels.
Your wife's net worth reportedly is 14 million $ And u want us to believe you don't support a tax cut for the wealthy? She's a librarian?
Where can we see Slimy Schumer plan?
"Chuckie-Cheeze"@SenSchumer YET AGAIN looking for a camera to blather infront of!!
Have those Dem talking points down that is for sure; no one benefitted during Obama except Wall Street so I would say you are telling lies.
Sen Schumer U R a known liar http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2017/06/charles-grassley-chuck-schumer-lied-about-russia-investigation.php … so I don't believe your remarks against #TaxReform
I bet that makes you secretly happy, doesn't it Mr. Sensationalist?
Any "leader" who lies thru his teeth for self benefit is no leader of the people but rather a leader of 1.
Mr. Schumer when are you & your party going to STOP doing the Devils work, You have held the American people hostage long enough!
And the jet flying munchkin say it's not for all Middle and low class. They don't know themselves the truth about the tax plan
"Trickle down economics" is, at best, a fallacy based on flawed logic. At worst, a cruel con that distributes wealth even further to the 1%
I'm really excited to see how I can make up the 2% tax increase on my income...ESPECIALLY if Soc Sec & Medicare get cut. Challenge accepted!
Challenge accepted because if I don't, I will die. I find that unacceptable as I am not ready to check out just yet. So SCREW YOU @GOP.
I would not believe a thing you say. Lies lies lies lies
Perhaps Paul Ryan is talking about the middle of the donor class??
Same thing Dems say about every GOP proposal. You get real. Get off your butt and work with Republicans.
I  Sen. Schumer.
Will there be special Tax Reform for Puerto Rico & US. Virgin Islands or just MORE debt?
You suck democrate say that!
Get lost Chuck.
Paul is a coward! A wolf in sheeps clothing
He's trying to take away Medicare & must be stopped.
don't worry two different things or not  pl commit suicide with nancy and Hillary and save our time of reading you-- brain damaged Democrats
The Top 1% pay most of the taxes today...what would you logically expect?
Trump: #LiarInChief "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them" (Al Franker)


Kegger is such a good puppy. *hurl* 
#GOPfail #DrainTheSwamp #resist
The wealthy pay more than 80% of the taxes stolen from Americans.  Don't you even math, bro?
Speaker Ryan needs to be sent on a permanent vacation.
Liar like Trump with motives involving doing bad not good to most Americans.  No leader .  Sad.
This tax reform plan is going on the crapper just like the ACA "repeal."  All they do is obstruct, not create or lead
Would be great if for once you actually told the truth instead of your Leftist propaganda Actually Push the FAIR TAX
He can't get real as he is already bought & paid for by the 1%
@SpeakerRyan all @GOP are liars.
We know. Senator keep fighting please.
Vote
@SenSchumer What happened to the CHIP PROGRAM? #SaveCHIP
Ryan is stuck on stupid for some unknown reason. 
Do your job for the American people stop the b's or get out
Paul Ryan doesn't know what real is.  Or doesn't care.  Look at what is in the WH and he thinks THAT is just grand.   smh #ImpeachTrumpNow
Way to go chuck!
Rofl, I miss read that.
Thought it said GOP reform. 
I was like hell ya, that bunch is eating itself for sure! @gop
Upchuck, have you ever told the truth in your entire life? I know demos are dumb and will believe anything you say, but come on!
Tell you what..we'll throw in a 100% tax cut for all unemployed people. How's that sound?
The New Democrats party and Schumer supports these people
Ryan is a chronic liar.
More like get rich Paul.
Get real Chuck. The wealthy pay most of the taxes and employ the rest of us. https://www.ntu.org/foundation/page/who-pays-income-taxes …
Top 1% already source of ~50% of income tax. Across-the-board cuts, by def, will nominally come more from them. Stop being misleading.
If Trump is involved, it is strictly for the wealthy. Too bad his supporters can't see that.
Trickle down never works. Giving more money to the rich just means more money in a bank doing nothing for the economy. Financially it is
smart, but for the economy it is disastrous. The goods and services bought by the middle to lower classes are what truly drive economies
and create/maintain jobs.  Somehow people don't see this because you'd think rich people spending more = better, but that isn't how it works
Mainly because what they spend more on is not what employs the majority of the people in this world.
The people that are some of the biggest drivers are ironically some of those that have the least. By living paycheck to paycheck almost 100%
of what they make goes right back into the economy, driving growth, jobs etc.  But no one wants to hear that because we all want to be rich.
And why should I believe a word you say?

In case you can't tell, I hate Paul Ryan. That zombie-eyed, child-killing, genocidal maniac needs REMOVED.
What gall Paul. Some of us are stupid, but not as many as you think or hope!
@SpeakerRyan
Paul cars about be person - himself
For years you keep putting higher taxes on the middle class  because we out number the rich. All you want is money for the swamp.
Hey, Chuck do you ever get tired of saying the same ole thing no matter who is in charge? We know the middle class is the rich class.
Your comments are ludicrous and dishonest! Facts not fiction ! You have an obligation to be truthful!!!
