Who cares?  All talk and no action!
how about working for the people who elected you? Liars and corrupt
Don't like being left out and rushed? HYPOCRISY, you did the same thing with Obamacare disaster. Stop CRYING, America not buying it.
BREAKING: Chuck Schumer will be speaking on the senate floor, expect many fake tears as he rambles about nothing. #MAGA
I don't watch any of them anymore. A bunch of lying grandstanders loving camera time 
Exactly I can't stand watching those people it makes me sick to my stomach & then I start yelling & screaming at my TV which is really crazy
Seven dwarfs 
Please, we know the House gop cannot be trusted.
To blow more hot air up the gullible's a$$es.
The healthcare fight is a perfect example of why politicians should stop lying.
7 years of your Republican politicians lying to you about Obamacare
Damn right they lied!!!!! The ex GOP house majority leader admits that GOP voters got played for fools!!!!!
A must read for all repubs and conservatives
Absolutely but they won't they will just call it "fake news" even tho the words came out of his own mouth
Only the stupid will believe; unfortunately, there are many.
Unfortunately you are correct....it's so sad it breaks my heart to see where our country is at and where we are going. I'm truly scared
W/ ocare, Millions work 3-4 jobs for OWN hc PLUS r saddled w supporting those who WON'T WORK. SLAVERY. Was ENSLAVEMENT the purpose of ocare?
We all know that what you call "lose their insurance" is actually people choosing not to purchase insurance through ACA. You guys are lying.
So far this month I have LOST and will LOSE at least 4 chickens worth of chicken bones, some cow fat, a loaf of moldy bread, expired mayo...
Who do I blame for all of this stuff I didn't want or need and tossed into the dumpster?
#FakeGOP @realDonaldTrump confuses stealing from the public as being #conservative. Is this what my Republican friends stand for? No way.
Yes, fix price gouging from insurance providers, and their 50+ million $ bonuses.
U sd HC not a joke or game.Ur right! Dems shd apologize 4 ocare & work w gop 2 fix HC. Millions now SUFFERING w CRUSHING COSTS. It's SLAVERY
You low life. You have nerve talking about the president playing with American lives. All you Democrats ruined my family's lives with OCare!
Chuck you're the joke! You and your buddy Obama have ruined the lives of so many !
Will YOU step up and pay my $20,400 Obamacare yearly costs? YOUR Obamacare is a total failure, stop blocking and start adulting!
What about the ObamaCare bill. Nancy Polosi said " We have to pass the bill before we can find out what is in it".
You guys are something else ~ a real piece of work.  What hypocritical liars.
Just get us Medicare as an option we can select in addition to available private plans. Let each of us decide which one best for us!
Why? We got better things to do with our time
Put all congress and senate on Obamacare!
Hoping to turn us all into Socialists. Imagine Schumer saying Adam Smith was wrong. Capitalism doesn't work, & #EndCongressionalExemption!
Who cares, he's only the senator cause nobody would run against him. A loser just like mayor de Blasio
What you are doing to our military is despicable
Will he be live on CNN?  Duh.

Can you please explain why you are all exempt from Obamacare if it's so great you hypocrites?
Oh chucky!
Liars I thought I could keep my insurance  not.     Famous  fem lieeee. Pass Obama care then we will let u know wats in bill  u.  Hack scam
It was a scam and the Dems don't know how to do anything but lie
The people are with you Senator. Give 'em hell!
1) Put all of congress on our insurance
2) Single payer will never fly, provide reasonable input... or shut up
A lot of nerve telling me to feel bad for 20% increase. I will be going without HC as of AUG. AZ = 162% increase. $1600 mo is unsustainable
Don't let perception of 16 million seem inconsequential!
Let me guess: millions will lose health insurance and die, right?

What do you Dems think has been happening under Obamacare?
I'm waiting for repeal so I can get back the policy I lost due to ACA!
People won't "lose" insurance, dummy

They simply will not buy it once mandate is gone

Boy, you dimwits love to spin

#SkinnyRepeal
#Trump
I know it makes you feel like a big man but will your ego allow u to stop being anti everything. U r no example at all
What have they to say about this?
Stand down you and all other DEMs are destroying your party! Used to be Democrat! But your disregard for the majority forced me to change!!!
I've already lost my health insurance because of Obamacare.... did you shed any tears for my family????
Tell em!!!!!
Democrats are aganist everything good for America!
Do NOT agree to skinny repeal!!!!  We are watching to see if you sell us out!
Schumer,you are so disingenuous, where was all the "debate" when you passed this "we have to pass it to see what is in it"
bill!  #hypocrite
Wayne Allen Root's healthcare plan is real, don't care what you call it get on board# more casualties at the poles
Why aren't Dems bipartisan? No thinking just vote as told. That's embarassing
Dems are NOT out to help but to hurt middle class because they created unsustainable,unaffordable health insur. and they cry NO to any fix.
you know what you are doing. How about prescription drug pricing reform? Haha. JK hypocrite!
Thank you Mr. Schumer, you are a decent,  moral & very intelligent leader & human being.  You rock!!!!!
You had 7 years to work with Republicans on "fixing" Obamacare but you're an A-Hole and refused to do so! Fix this LIAR!
what do you do at the gym...hand out towels? @SenateGOP
I hope @SenSchumer will use the mic 2OFFER ACA SOLUTIONS NOT CRITICISM
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
spreading bullshit #HealthcareBill  #skinnybill
You want to social experiment Transgender, Implement it in our Prison System.

Premiums will soar under McConnell's SKINNY REPEAL! CALL DAILY TO SAY NO! 202-224-3121

https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/26/436740/senates-skinny-aca-repeal-shell-game/ …
If ANYONE would talk about controls on healthcare costs, you'd be golden, but so far, we've heard nothing. It's all about the $$ folks.
Urgent- please use @ACSCAN list of Medical orgs against the Bill.
We think this speaks for itself. We & 27 other orgs came together to ask Senate to vote NO on the health bill #KeepUsCovered 
Get the chest waders out as the BS will be deeo
support for (something) without taking any significant action, PAY FOR THIS BS NOT Y BUT HARD WORKING TAXPAYERS NOT FREELODERS.#ACARepeal
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chuck

We the people deserve better than your OBSTRUCTION! TIME 2 work 4 &NOT against us!TIME 2 work w/R President!
THE ACTING CLASSES ARE NOT WORKING SCHMUCKELS.
Schumer Please work for the all citizens not not just the Democrats
THEN HE'S OFF TO THE FREE BUFFET
pictured in a dream wa la
you gonna cry, Chuck. FRAUD
Would rather you be dead on the Senate Floor resist is better that helping people screw the GOP first, how dare they vote for Trump
States in the upper 40's and in 50's represent America hard working values.  The rest r entitlement self centered losers. I moved out of CA
Libs and dems do not care or understand rural America.  Food is entitlement for city pl and take for granted.  CA,OR,WA, NY go away!
Can you ask these Republicans what comes of us who have children with pre existing conditions & have Union jobs? What are we to do when ..
The Strikes come and last?? Working 20 plus years for the same company?no paycheck & 1500 Cobra? And a family to feed and bills and a roof?
Shall I tell my 8 y/o that his bone/joint disease doesn't fit into the Senates budget??

Enough of your sickening speeches! We want open market for insurance of our choice! Stop making American working class sick!
= #mercerbot @SenateDems @SenSchumer @SenateGOP Free markets great except HC. Free market to HC = oxymoron
Wow, a 20% insurance premium increase??!!  That would be great since this year's increase was 35%
Well that was after I was taxed for a 1 mth coverage lapse but before I was dropped by my insur carrier. At least I get to look for new insr
I mean it really stinks & is costly, but at least I lost my coverage to make it all better
Go Senator Schumer! Show the world what we
are made of! Thank you for standing strong!
Will he be speaking in English?
Blah blah blah
Loved the hot Mic conversation. Now if you could DO something about the madman in charge!
so what hot air and lip service It appears your ability to form a coherent statement is beginning to fail. Would you like to try that again?
If democrats want to get to the bottom of the Russia story, why attempt to stop William Browder from testifying? He has critical information
Make skinny repeal disappear
Come on, peeps!! Don't let the GOP ruin thousands of lives!! Get your poop in a group, and start kicking some ass!!! We are depending on you
What a waste of good oxygen.
Has schumer taken some time away from partying in the hamptons?
Single-payer. It's that simple. Make this campaign big. Easiest way to win 2018
Please repeal and replace Trump
