English is the primary language in America and the language of business.
Stop using Google Translate.
Pinche copion, todo eso son ideas de el Sr. Presidente Trump, ve a hacer pendejos a los democrats mentiroso!
Lo que necesitan hacer es repetar nuestro voto @realDonaldTrump esta es su vision. Y el mandato de los votantes que ustedes ignoran basta!
T Rosevelt long ago declared English is the language of America But u self serving political hack continue to pander the Hispanic in USA sad
please resign now chuck
And where do you live?
English only clown 
Gee I hope you are also tweeting in all of the other languages in our American melting pot.

ENGLISH PLEASE!!!!!!!!
Didn't you hear @POTUS?
Immigrants need to speak ENGLISH! #RaiseAct
when are you going to tweet this in French, German, Hebrew, Aramaic, Klingon, sign language so you don't alienate any of your constituents
Necesitamos aprender inglés y cumplir con LA ley.
Don't insult Latino people. No nos insultas pinche payaso! Vete a la verga!
Por que no esta el anuncion en ingles? A quien intentas convencer? A los Mejicanos? Ellos no tienen derecho a votar en nuestro pais.
Exactamente!!!
Yes, you too can use Google Translator!
Stop pandering "Señor Schumer"
move to spain chuckie
I didn't think I could like you more, but now I like you more.
speaky engrisssh plzzz.
SCH está empezando a hacer sentido, esto es un engaño o es sch finalmente ver que ha fallado su pensamiento defectuoso. #MAGA
What?
Maybe Chucky is hankering to be deported accross the southern border. His type of politics plays better there. Socialism sucks!
No speaka English?
Chucky, this America quit pandering you hack!

Here we go again, Schumer alienating American Citizens again
Hey Chucky when are you going to do Chinese and Russian language?
I'm sorry I thought this was USA where we spoke English  to the people you elected you
Pandering
Speak English Chucky boy and stop the Clinton pandering
Speak English man I'm an American
Exactamente lo que nuestro Presidente quiere usted decir lo mismo pero no unirse a él
Of course you fall for the pandering
How about English?
Stop with the Russian language. Discontune tweeting to Putin and other spys.
Kiss up much Chuck??  You care about Hispanic votes solomente por nada mas..better get someone to translate that pendejo
We need to stop with the Spanish and other languages in this country.  Speak English.
Did you know that 2/3s of the world is multi lingual?   Is it any wonder why closed minded arrogance has sent OUR jobs overseas ?
I have no problem with people speaking ANY language they want but there needs to be a standard. Arrogance has nothing to do with it.
Typical response though. When one does not like another's view-simply call them arrogant or racist. Pathetic.
We need a senator who works for the people and it's not you
¿Qué hacías en los últimos 8 años?
Huh?
So, So es verdad!
Pandering again Chuck!
El Pendejo.....
Um.....  how do I press 1 for English here.  Actually, WHY SHOULD I HAVE TO??!?!!!
If you don't understand Spanish, there should be a "Translate" option right under the tweet.
I have it so you should too!
Thank you Rob, but I think you missed the point.
LOL!
Nope I really didn't!
But, I missed the translate option on Twitter for a while. 
And just wanted to point it out.
Lol.  Thank you for that, it was helpful!
Beso me culo Cryin Chuck
You didn't get the memo? Pretty sure tom cotton wants English speaking only
can u please tweet in a language that your constituent understands
You represent New York citizens. Speak the language of your country and state!
Being elected by people who can't speak the language. Wowww
No Spanish English only
Now it's back to socialism! 

Democrats want no-skill immigrants who will vote Democrat for extra handouts.
That is their voting base.
