So when can I expect the $2500 in savings Obama promised 7 years ago?
You're enjoying them now. Multiply 20% by your premiums over the last 7 years.
Are you living in your parents & not work. My premiums have gone from $420/month to $930/month now. So save your Common Core bullshit math
You seemed to have had a nerve on that 
#SkinnyRepeal is a scam. It will remove the mandates that keep Obamacare viable and is a last ditch effort to purposely sabotage the ACA.
my god what universe are you living in where you think the US had such fantastic healthcare before ACA?!?
For healthy people with great employer provided insurance... sure but for the rest of the country it was horrible.
and during the time someone will die because they cannot afford the treatment that need now. They can't wait a year.
People playing the system is part of the reason for the mandate. Medical bankruptcy hurts those with insurance due to higher medical costs.
The GOP will not come to their senses unless the shit hits the fan.And as always the dems have to clean up after them and get blamed.
The dems created this problem the GOP trying to fix.
Greatest healthcare system in the world?!?!? One where someone could be denied coverage because of a preexisting condition... so great! 
You don't know much about Eoropean healthcare.I'm German,born and raised.
Like the people believe anything out of your mouth. You want Single payer for all but the elites.
So do the right thing and say, #ImpeachTrumpNow
Nope, I don't believe a word you say.  Take away force & prices always go down... always. Also, full time jobs will increase income.
take away force & you're left w/ irresponsible adults who think they don't need health ins & end up filing med bankruptcy when they get sick
Which costs the rest of us responsible adults more money by increased premiums due to higher medical costs. Part of the reason for mandate.
@salemstate
Will @POTUS ever lead by example on 'Made in America'? http://cnn.it/2vvHLqa   #TheLead https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Do they care how unseemly it looks for them to be working this hard to kill us?
Why not Ask the republicans how much they are receiving in "campaign" contributions from the Insurance lobby /companies
Ask Obama how much he stole from Medicaid 1st
wow is that possible can premiums actually go any higher? Dems knows premiums are going sky high let's blame republicans LOL
Yes...higher and less people covered.   Please fight the GOP as much as @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats can to stop this bill from passing.
6) Fight for us! Be loud and proud and fight for Democracy. For We the People! Our rights! Equal Rights! Our minorities. Message message!
What the F are you guys doing? You're letting R's begin a campaign of systematically discrediting the Mueller Invest & lay gndwrk...
Liar
And yet Trumpets are still blowing Donalds horn.
5) Get on a message about Russiagate and take back the news cycle.  Better Deal is weak at best. Ur letting this admin make US ineffectual
3) go away, and Dems are hardly making a peep about it. You're doing what Dem Ldrshp always does: roll over. Stand up! Messaging!!!
2. To neuter it & eventually drop Spec Counsel by getting mod R's to call the "no 'there' there" play. HC bill is cover to mk Russia..
So,,, #CryingChuck thinks #ObamaCare IS NOT COLLAPSING on its own. SAD. All @SenSchumer wants is #SinglePayer #Socialism. #SkinnyRepeal
Thank you!#
Crying Chuck is an embarrassment to this country
Americans shouldnt have to choose what state to live in because their governors a DICK! ! ! VOTE NO
Do u think time is running out & this is where we r heading?!!??
#HELP!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziLWdomUmjQ …
#SkinnyRepeal Steve Bannon
Mooch #Scaramucci
No to #SkinnyRepeal
Of course premiums will rise, because healthy families currently mandated to buy ACA won't buy it anymore.
Correct-o. BUT 20% Lower the following year and continues dropping! Pls finish your thoughts or u look like ur deceiving people! Hmm
4) This is important!They're clawing back the narrative! Fight!!Were talking about the soul of Dem party and American Democracy itself.
How in the hell am I supposed to take care of my family with this shit being rammed down my throat?
Shame on you. You are responsible for this mess. Obamacare destroyed our health care
Thank you Collins, Portman, McCain , Murkowski and the three other musketeers
then everyone is DC needs to be fired
Sen.Met you decades ago.Sing your Praise. So did "My Elias K" The Catastrophic Health Care Law 40 yrs.Divorcing to keep Medicaid!
EASY TO VOTE NO NOW. @RonJohnsonWI @SenCapito @DeanHeller @senrobportman @lisamurkowski @BillCassidy @SenBobCorker @SenJohnMcCain  @SenSasse
Well that sucks!
Sounds like @SenSchumer is all for FULL REPEAL! Can't stand any more increases, Ocare is already way too HIGH!

Skinny is the new Fat?

Stupid Nothing Burgers.
Too bad Dems who obviously don't really care how badly citizens are suffering $$$ with Obamacare don't get on board and help fix it. SELFISH
I want to kno the marketing "geniuses" that came up w/ "Skinny Repeal," as if we're talking about a new low-fat cocktail. We're not stupid.
.@realDonaldTrump must be blowing orange smoke.  His incompetence and vindictiveness are catching up with him. @GOP finally standing up
Like that's the only prob with Obamacare
The skinny part comes from desiccating #Medicaid and sending the $$$ to ppl with more money than god. They know what to do with it.
Do something, then! Harry Reid would have stopped this by now.
As usial.....wrong again Chucky!!!!
Really Chuck -are you talking about premiums w/ a straight face on? You've no moral high ground on this. NONE.
.Fine, let the damn thing pass and premiums skyrocket. Only thing that will make these people learn.

Who is going to explain to all these people that their employer subsidized plan premiums are going to go up. All plans will change.
While u were bent over leading from behind u read ur premium chart upside-down....suggest u get ur head out of ur ass, with all due respect
Removing mandate will make healthy people cancel insurance and leave the pool filled with only sick folks causing insolvency.
Ppl need to wake up! 1 in 3 will get cancer. Heart disease happens. Auto immune diseases, car accidents, etc.. can all arise in a blink.
Senator Schumer, what the hell, it higher Premiums now and no matter what insurance companies will keep going up because you force people
You mean the ppl who aren't paying anything will have to start paying???
#SkinnyRepeal gives Americans back their freedom to choose NOT to buy health insurance, and NOT be fined.
So do something
Keep fighting for us Chuck and @SenateDems !
Yeah, but do those poor billionaires still get their tax breaks?!
GOP is only focusing on current healthcare problems, not the fact that their solution won't solve them.
I suggest we let Obamacare fail as it was intended 2 do, let the users feel the pain like the rest of us do already & then maybe we can talk
Wow, all of a sudden you give two shits about the cost burden on Americans?  Must be suddenly advantageous to you and your evil ilk, huh? 
Good, then it will be on its way to full repeal.  It was never a good idea to force people to pay for the illnesses of another.
You say that like they care, or will be impacted.

By 20 percent or so? That's what I heard but since there isn't an actual plan to analyze...hard to say.
How could u know that without seeing the bill.. Schumer u r a lying low life liberal
to the victims, there is nothing 'skinny' about the premiums and benefits that will rise, and go low respectively.
@POTUS needs to force Congress into ACA by Executive Order and then we can all watch it fail w/out replacement.
And government h/c will require higher income taxes, h/c taxes and can't wait for the VAT tax.
More deceit from Schumer.  Skinny repeal would mean the real work gets done in reconciliation, where House & Senate work out differences.

i don't know about everyone but Obama care has been an absolute disaster for my family.  doubled my cost and had to switch doctors 4 times
WTH is a "skinnyRepeal" ?
Really ?? my friend is paying 1800.00 on ACA! that's not affordable! We want YOUR healthcare plan!!
Ya well take off the millions the goverment taxation forces on and you get a simple I DON'T WANT YOUR FUCKING OBAMASHITCARE
Reporting is NOT accurate.  If #SkinnyRepeal took place then carriers could offer lower cost options tailored to actual consumer needs.
What do you know????
So you admit Obamacare sucks the life out of us
You n the DEMS screwed up everybodies health insurance just to expand Midicaid. 6M people lost real Health Insurance. Did you care then. NO
Will the deductibles be affordable?  They aren't, now.
They want wealth care, not healthcare. They don't GAF about real Americans, only their uber wealthy overlords.
Stop lying
Of course. That's the whole point.
Bullshit liar.
SKINNY REPEAL / PLS RT: CBO said similar legislation would lead to 15 million PPL without health insurance & 20% higher premiums in YEAR 1
"A Child-Like Narcissist's Guide to Destroying America"
By #DonaldTrump
With a very special preface by @SpeakerRyan&
@SenateMajLdr
Did you really expect anything different from Republican Skinnycare?
SMH. The mess continues. Democrats must be strong and stand stand lives are at stake
You criticize but have no solutions.
So Long GOP
Seriously!  After YOU and Obama increased premiums and deductibles you have the nerve to spill more bile and lies? WE KNOW BETTER! LIAR
Before the ACA and President Obama my portion of my health coverage payment thru my employer went up every year.  It's greed
Instead of tweeting about the GOP, go to our office and work on fixes for Obamacare
Just taking a minute to say Thank You for your tenacity in this fight for the People! You Sir, are a Patriot!
Of course it does - the #GOP has NEVER been about insuring more people; it's been about enriching themselves and their donors.
When premiums go up, storefronts go empty. Medical sector is choking the rest of the economy.
Report talks about 20% premium, state experience is from 50-130% increases today under Obamacare...not mention rising deductibiles & copays
How the hell would you know? $850.00 premiums and $14,000 dollar deductibles from your brilliance is not health Care!
23.5 % vs 2.5% in MT.
thank you @SteveDaines for this increase.  We know.  We See.  We Wont Forget. #mtpol
Where were you when ACA doubled mine?
Time to tell the leeching insurance industries THEIR Health $Benefits$ will no longer be covered. Non-Profit Single Payer NOW!
Even higher than my mortgage payment than they are now?
Chuck repeal and replace Obamacare that is what we, the American people expect, demand and we want choices. Obstructionists will be out 2018
Again, I missed all your tweets on the skyrocketing premiums under the current ACA. You are a demagogue and a fraud.
They are three times higher than when Obamacare started now.  How do you figure getting rid of the problem makes things worse?
How much will obamacare increase premiums?
@GOP @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan  Pathetic Republicans, destroying USA. For What Reason? #VoteThemOut
It's called skinny repeal because people will have choose between buying food or medical care.
Didn't get the memo Chucky ?? The bill is still a work in process typical " do nothing" scare tactics from the demised obstructionist Dem!
Yup, Obama & the Dems really screwed up our healthcare.



Stop playing along with the lie that @GOP wants to "improve" healthcare. 

Force reality rather than letting them craft a narrative.
Keep the fight going Mr SenSchumer this is a nightmare
This is a cluster-f*ck. Professionals would discard & fix #ACA. Partisans can't afford to.
Then do your Job and help correct the problems with Ocare!
Obamacare is not affordable. Repeal the Government Control of Healthcare. Repeal Obamacare make it Competitive by being across State Lines
How do you know?  Have you seen scoring. PS: INSURANCE CO PROFITS DOUBLED FROM 2015 to 2016 because of ACA.  Research it. They separated---
Higher cost insured into own catagory (business segment) and then said not making money and presented to Congress & Media
They are only doing this because the hate POC especially former president Obama!
O-Care premiums have been astronomical; why didn't you do something to bring them down, @SenSchumer ????
You are laying on the tracks and a train is coming.
Not true. .it will allow a family of 4 to save an average of $2500 a year.
They will keep working on it if this passes,but U Dems will not work on it, U should not say anythingU R A  Chuck
Chuck. Americans are focused on the #PeoplesHealthCare the #ACA's best provisions #DonaldTrump's #Transgender Tweet is an insult #NotPolicy.
Yes in all 50 States
https://townhall.com/columnists/derekhunter/2017/07/27/murder-of-charlie-gard-n2360204 …. Single payer? Ask Charlie Gard how that works out.  Oh wait..
Troll Bot Alert!!   You can imagine none of it get off the bandwagon
I'm not forced to purchase and I don't pay a tax if I don't purchase. I haven't afforded it in the last 4 years. Return it to private mkt
Why is it only Democrats can have a good plan no matter what Republicans cannot come up with good plan according to the Dems.
As long as fewer people can afford it, and the richest people in the land get huge tax breaks @GOP and @realDonaldTrump will claim a win.
Lost
And the reason they are so high is because of Obamacare so don't blame the Republicans blame your loosing self.
Nope.
The Skins and Bones health care bill.
Come on U  know the reporting is not accurate
#TakeMYcare then let's #TAKEYOURSTOO #Healthcare not #DeathCare #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK
The driving force behind our health care system is greed/profit.The GOP plan unbridled this force.Let this be their legacy,the GOP will fail
Can you ever be honest..Admit you guys use propaganda . Advised by George Soros since 1979 . trigger points and tipping points r coming
the senate voted [ no ] on repeal-no change? it's dead-obamacare? the new health has not come yet=there is no HIGHER or LOWER.??????
Premiums went up due to Obamacare. And they continue to rise due to Obamacrap. Where's my $2,500 savings YOU promised?

LIAR!!!!!
I agree. Why not a mandate for young people. After all, we just got done paying for their 16 years of schooling!
... but smaller mass graves!
Rich people don't care. @SenateMajLdr @MarkWarner @timkaine @GOP
Quit ur pandering n lying!
What are YOU doing? Any ideas, suggestions, AMENDMENTS... Mix it up... or loose your right to whine when they win.

Schmuck
Yeah, well my job cut my hours due to employer mandate and you fine me each year for not buying insurance, yet your for the people right?
#FullRepeal
Sick people----that's being BADLY HURT by Obamacare

Videos of these people http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8082941/1/#new …
#maga
#infowars
.@realDonaldTrump
Look #ObamaCare is destroying Americans lives You Own It You're a liar, a thief and an enemy of the American People #ShutUp  #AmericaFirst
The GOP should start by eliminating coverage for all people registered Republican. Lets see how they do before we put it on everyone else.
Premiums are higher today then they were when the AHCA was passed.
They DON'T KNOW HOW TO GOVERN.  They outright suck at it because they don't want any smart people offering advice or guidance. #idiotocracy
Hey chuck.  You have zero credibility so just ho away.  You're making a fool of yourself
Is there no end to what these dispicable man can do? I have never experienced anything like the GOP. They should be removed immediately
trump was testing his abilty to rally the military behind him by his tweet wow
.@GOP, take politics out of Americans' need 4 Affordable Healthcare. #Trumpcare #TaxCuts4Rich is not solution. STOP sabotaging Mkts, FIX ACA
U need to come out and explain why the BLOCK GRANT approach does not or will not work!
I'm sure it's accurate and equally sure rich congressmen and Repubs don't care if premiums r higher. They can afford it!!
They r so desperate 2 get the black man's name off of healthcare that they will let Americans (even supporters) die to do it. GOP = DISGRACE
How about disbanding the @AmerMedicalAssn /RUC cabal and let gov't regulate healthcare pricing...1200% increase since 1991 of costs
Resist Chuck.... you're good at it. Resist
Out of their mouths they declare HOW BAD Obamacare is and must be done away with! They want to confirm a bill that makes HC So much worse!
Which says what? ObamaCare is a piece of junk without a SkinnyRepeal.Quit flirting with this, and call it a muddy pig that Dems approved.
and I bet there;s a "you can keep your plan, your doctor, and saves you $2500" too right Chuck?
