Is this a joke? Obama spies on him for months and you tweet an article about Trump invading peoples privacy?
You should talk! DNC has assaulted more people's privacy than any party in history! Try not to cry about it Croc. 33 years and nothing done!
Voters duped. Amazing how these guys get the people they will hurt the most to vote for them.
Fappers?
You mean like unmasking the names of US Citizens??
Taxes.... where they @ ?
Ergo our internet data will be fed into  Cambridge Analytica/SCL which Mercers, DeVos, Bannon, Kurshner, Conway fed to Russia via Alfa Bank
See this:
And this: https://patribotics.blog/2017/04/04/putins-hacker-wikileaks-host-pyotr-chayanov-hacked-americas-vote-system-and-the-dnc/ … @RepAdamSchiff  @RepSwalwell  @MarkWarner @SenFeinstein re our internet data fed to Cambridge Analytica
Dear Chuck - yes the presidents privacy is way more important than my buying and browsing habits for targeted advertising
I truly do not undestand WHY? ANYONE would think this was a good idea, duhhhh.
Trump, the most HATED man in the world. Can't wait for his impeachment. What an embarrassment for us.
Why did FCC wait until Oct 2016 to pass these rules which wouldnt go into effect till 2017? It was ok for Google to collect data for Obama?
U cant just assert something an hope its true... liar
Good...I'm going shopping because Trumps money is my money. Yipee!!!
Can you pick me up a Lexus while you're out. Red is good
Sure! A Lexus for for everyone!
Sorry you didn't mind Obama letting Google and Face book do I t sir. Oops sorry they were  doin it for you and Obama for nfo
Excuse me chuck as far as the nuclear option goes uh Obama is gone he's not coming back & hillary is on the run. Whoopi
Give it up Chuck. You're through
if that's true, then we're all through. This batch of Republicans running the show is the most troubling ever
That's why the country is starting to prosper now and why consumer confidence is at an all time high. Give these troubling guys a chance.
Things were in play long before Trump took over, but of course Trump nor his supporters will ever endorse that
You're still in denial. Give it up and help the administration instead of fighting it. Clinton lost. Deal with it.
I am tired of Trump supporters telling liberals to "get over it !" This country is going to hell in a handbasket & you still cheer
"Help the administration ?" Are you kidding me ? I am a law-abiding citizen, I work, I pay my bills and my share of taxes so FU
I don't golf on other taxpayers' hard-earned dollars, either. Go ahead and blindly follow this dictator but leave me out of it !
Like Obama did when heads were being cut off by Isis
please let me see his browsing history please please please
SCARY THOUGHT NIKKI
I can't believe you, Pelosi, Clinton, rice & Obama are so corrupt. I was LEGAL immigrant Now American Smart abiding citizen God Bless Pres T
only your browsing history. You will get more ads, but you can opt out.
Got it! He should have his privacy, but the American people should be sold to the highest bidder!
Ignorance! This was never a law. What does happen, Google & Facebook sell r personal info but that doesn't bother u. Why? They give u money.
Jackass
What about privacy from Susan Rice illegally unmasking citizens names? No comment?
The incompetence of him and the entire administration is astounding.
You should be used to incompetence from the previous 8 years ref. Potus
Yeah, nope!
. You do know that these privacy regs initiated by Obama adm were never actually put in place, yes? No loss.  But, you knew that.
He's just following lead of previous Potus who used exec. priv. to hide IRS scandal, Rosen/AP scandal, and countless other abuses of power
No doubt about that
Hope his and his family's history are first ones sold.  Incredible!
OH, LIKE ALL HIS PRIVATE COLLUDING WITH RUSSIA TO STEAL THE PRESIDENCY???
Whatever. What have you done for NYS today? .
You seem quite concerned over 'surveillance' -yet never mention Susan Rice.
Try again.
nothing but nonsense from Chucky the loser. Time for him to go. We need politicians that work for us.
Hey Obama let Google and Facebook do it. So what the big deal? Dems arent getting a slice of the pie?
#preach #presidentgrabapussy Thank you for your tenacity, senator!
Even w/ 3 separate branches of gov't, no one could have forseen there would ever be @POTUS who valued his own weath and power >of Country
Trump is the worst kind of monster.
All words but he means nothing.
He is the arm of the devil himself..
what mind?
Can u say Susan Rice
45 I think you should RELEASE your Taxes. You ran for the job now RELEASES THOSE TAXES. Why is it fair that we loose our privacy?
Actually that's a lie.  It's protects your privacy.  Unlike what Susan Rice did by unmasking people illegally.
Killing privacy rules leaving neither FTC, nor FCC, in NO WAY protects your privacy. Don't buy the double-speak.
The Obama rule allowed selling of this data, it just directed who can do the selling. You need to tell the WHOLE story on this.
And in YOUR mind your Healthcare > regular Americans Healthcare.
What difference does it make now! Where were u when Obama handed Internet over to UN, gave 450 Billion to Iran & flipped off Israel at UN?
Except of course when Susan Rice and Obama want to do illegal surveillance, unmasking, and felonious leaks of @realDonaldTrump and his staff
And the purpose of doing this is what?  Or is it anything obama to be reversed?  Let's get trumps history
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP SIGNS OFF ON KILLING INTERNET PRIVACY PROTECTIONS
That means his should be vulnerable too. Let's see what else he's hiding!!
looks like obummer dropped a bigger infringement on our President to try to get KILLery elected. Sore losers!
This is not a person who has or had a plan to make us better. #45 is just undoing what a great President accomplished in eight years.
I dont know how many horrible things this "president " can do keep fightingMr. Schumer we need to have hope!
Does anyone know what POTUS and GOP are after?

Chuck, every day I receive numerous phone calls from scammers. Nat'l Do Not Call Registry not protecting my privacy. Tell me why?
He's selling us all out every minute of every day, and lining his own pockets...get rid of him.
Let's get his browsing history and show America the perv he is!
President OBAMA and Susan Rice invaded privacy too right sir?  Of course they did but keep the focus elsewhere it's obvious
There is no real online privacy. And the US can hack into anyone's online info when they want. The "privacy" you speak of is a myth.
Do you get that even ordering something online cracks open your privacy? Christ, ads for somethng you look at online end up elsewhere!
Everything he does is about he & his family being greater than anyone & everyone else.
#Trump is hurting Americans
I bet all of his internet searches are for his own name. There is no other thing on earth
Your deceit is amazing. Who started the process last fall?
Schumer can not be trusted. He is a Communist and does not even support his own people in Israel. He is a traitor. He is working for Obama!
Chucky, talk about privacy when the Obama Administration was spying on American citizens and leaking it to the press.
When it bites them in the ass and all their private info is made public it will be glorious.
First Anti-American President.
Can't you think of one kind word, he just gave his paycheck to parks! Be nice and maybe we can love you to!
Trump is an incompetent so called President and sold our privacy to the highest bidder. It's all about $ with the POS. I hate Trump!
Honest to say I need more information on this but due to your extreme partisanship I know you cannot be trusted or believed. Sorry to say!
There is no privacy on the internet. Every website you go to, ad companies already know. And they know your exact location with geo location
As private as Barry's big eyes - oh sorry It's always ok if u r a Dem
we should demand lower rates from our providers after all they're gonna be raking in millions!
@AllLeftNews @POTUS @Newsweek Can We Get All Legislators INFO Who Sponsored This Crap & Put Out 4 All 2 See? They're NOT Special
Chuck always remember the problem NY had when all the HIPA laws were broke under you and Andy!  most of our memories don't fade
This guy cries about leaks and privacy.  Then sells away yours.
How come you weren't worried about privacy when Obama was spying on EVERYONE?
I love you Chuck...thank you for all that you do now work on having this so called legal POTUS IMPEACHED!!!
he cares very little for American citizens, but he sure doesn't want his own business revealed #hypocrit
What do you want to bet that Susan Rice takes the 5th
He's an idiot! It's all because it's an Obama thing.  Thank you Chuck for what you're doing! Appreciated!
You are in his mind now? LOL, and thanks to #DirtyRice, he didn't have any privacy at all
He sucks corruption is king
Impeach this asshole now! He's done NOTHING to make America great again
Only an asshole would do this!!!
You need a nap, Chuckie!
Chuck, ur a complete mess
you are a hypocrite! It's okay for Obama & @AmbassadorRice to illegally gather private citizen's information & sell it to the highest bidder
Go home
I do not consent to this. Fight for me Sen. Schumer!
keep up the impeachment talk pence too
i mean they both worked together
Great take away our right to privacy along with all else -anything else left to demolish?  FBI is getting closer and can't wait!
TY Senator for leading with integrity. 
in fact this gives phone companies same leeway as Google, Facebook, YouTube etc. Reel in the internet companies!
....why do we need that?
it was an advantage the tech companies had over phone companies. Reel them all back then. Even playing field.
Load of crap. FTC has auspice over these decisions. Google and Facebook have NO restrictions on sharing your data, ISP's are no different.
JUST LOOK AT THAT FACE! IF IT DOESN'T SAY ANGER AND HATRED I DON'T KNOW WHAT DOES! ONLY DEEP MENTAL PROBLEMS WOULD ALLOW THAT EXPRESSION!!!
How about shielding American's privacy from Obama and Susan Rice from political spying?
Don't you have real work to do ? You're losing it .
Won't this bill discourage people who care about their privacy from shopping online? Isn't it bad for business in that way?
Susan Rice proved Americans have NO PRIVACY no matter what these so-called privacy laws allege to protect.
And yet Trumpeetes still praise the ground he walked on ! CON JOB!!!!
Someone explain to him what his ISP will be selling about his online activity.
but your PRESIDENT had him spied on!!!!!  #SUSANRICE
What would be the reason to do something like that?
.....now this kind of "unmasking" is a problem!
The #disgusting POS Helping the RICH get RICHER while Screwing the PPL
#DONTHECON #RUSSIAGATE
Look at that PUSS
Ok....you said he has a mind. PROVE IT.
same as it was in Obama's mind. Same as it was in HRCs mind. Same as it is in Chuck Schumers mind.
I BEG YOU Senator Schumer, PLEASE PLEASE, stay strong, & RESIST THIS EVIL,UNLAWFUL, & ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT & HIS ADMINISTRATION!
# RESIST
EXACTLY!
Enter the "Thought Police".  #orwellian
Great! Now we will get his  private info. It works both ways!!
No you won't.
Well - UNMASKING is no longer an issue - 
OUT WITH ALL PRIVACY LAWS
this is a STATE run government dream come true 
Someone watching YOU
Good I hope who ever buys 45 brodban info releases it.
I hate that I can't fix my typos ton twitter.
Actually I think I would pay for Trump's pervy search history.
I think #1 in his search history is "what does a president do?"
People like you guaranteeing a slaughter to the dems in the mid terms. Preaching to the same choir and you still lose.
That's B.S.! How does he have that right!?! #RESIST
Does this latest "poison pen" move include "45"s browsing history, & any contact info as well, I'm pretry sure his would be most interesting
The regulation did NOT cover internet search providers like Google. We need a comprehensive solution!
How do you sleep at night? Any woman that follows or backs you shame on them. An abuser is an abuser. Apologize. You have no credibility.
In your mind, obstruction of a supreme court justice nomination as political payback > NY and American values. You are a disgrace.
@RussiaConnects u are mistaken. Migrants on their too. @VoelkerLegal was sitting on page of web. Rochford ARDCfrauds racketeering CA "Duffy"
Paul Duffy. Ardc issues at train "heart failure/attack" history of racketeering call him a troll on porn sites. Arrived at hearings . Scams©
Failure to protect Ardc migrants unfit uneducated people at professional services. Duty to uphold law! Rochford racketeering Counterfeits©™®
In his mind, Everything His > Everything Ours.
I am sure he doesn't use internet that's why he doesn't care .
Hope they enjoy my meatloaf recipes always hoped they'd go viral one day
LMAO!!!! Way to funny
Stop crying Chuck, your embarrassing yourself now
I'd rather get an ad from a company than to assault a woman in a restaurant and have the msm cover it up. You're a sad excuse for a man.
What prevents these private comps. from selling our data to other comps with connections to hostile govts?
POTUS complains that Obama violated his privacy, yet he thinks nothing of violating the privacy of every American citizen!
who cares about privacy when the Obama administration un-masks everyone any way.
Will he change his mind when someone hacks his phone and displays his browsing history? #DontheCon
He could pull a Hillary and hammer it?!?
He wants everyone to read his Twitter rants
