That's why @SenateDems came together to write @POTUS urging VETO of #BroadbandPrivacy resolution.
Only problem I have with you Mr. Schumer. You take corporate money from Goldman Sachs or JP Morgan etc. Other than that you are ok.
You guys lie... They just put it back under one jurisdiction instead of two, where people's information was less safe.
I would like one person to tell me that this is ok with them and why.  Not a major corporation. Just an average American. I'll wait.
Exactly. Why did GOP vote to allow ISPs to sell personal info w/o our permission? Because they know if ISPs had to ask, we'd say HELL NO!
if someone standing on the corner watches you buy a newspaper & sell that info
For that analogy to work, you wouldn't be able to buy ANY paper w/o that person standing by.
Or somebody just like that person standing by. Your only other choice would be to go w/o buying a paper ever again.
why don't you talk to Susan rice...."incidental" my buttocks
The hypocrisy of this tweet is hilarious, given they used surveillance on Michael Flynn whilst he was a citizen! Privacy yeah right #FoxNews
So, you're cool with this? Can you explain why?
Not in the slightest but it doesn't ignore the fact his hypocrisy is on show with regard to privacy, which was the point of my tweet 
Companies selling private citizens info is not the same as Flynn being recorded conducting business w/foreign (criminal) official.
honey Flynn was a citizen at the time, do you homework
Overwhelming majority of Americans also use Facebook to describe every detail of their lives. Don't seem to care a lot about privacy then.
it's not private
Obama and the Democrats have left it for sale for eight years
not that I like my privacy sold it's a public media
Finally! 
Like all the Obama folks leaking our national secrets?  HYPOCRITE
Too bad you don't hold the same views on unmasking and leaking...... You are a HYPOCRITE !   #chuckschumer
Had to Google to find out if that is a real thing.....I now have to wash my eyes lol
. I can't look it up...I'm at work.  IS IT A REAL THING???
Indeed it is
. Ewwwww!  Thank you!
Please put the Republicans in their place!
probably if more companies started charging for services (like Google) they would think otherwise.
Stop lying Chuck. If ISP's can't use info then FB, Google, Twitter, and others should be under the same set of rules. Tell the whole story!
Difference is: people can choose not to use those sites but internet = necessity in today's world & most only have 1 option for ISP.
Imo If you really truly care about privacy then ALL entities should fall under the same rule of law.
Why? I can choose not to use FB but I don't get to choose my ISP. Why should they get to sell my data w/o my permission?
I'll agree to disagree with u on this one. Great percentage of people don't know and just default to Trump blocking privacy.
I just don't get how this benefits consumers at all. People should be able to opt out of having their info sold.
Agreed but must include search engines and others imo
AFAIC, no company should be able to sell this info w/o permission. FYI: there are search engines that don't track or sell (eg, DuckDuckGo)
It would be politically smart for @realDonaldTrump if he were *not* to sign this bill. #politicalcapital
Did you tell Susan Rice?
Are u kidding between your iPhone and the IRS what else is there to know ,,, please
LOL. The government has been collecting our private information for years!
says one of the guys spying on everyone
you should know, nothing is private, they spied on us so I guarantee they spied on you and you have much more to be
Hiding
I concur
You write a law that also includes the big liberal donors, Yahoo and Facebook, then see if it will pass.
Tell that to the FBI CIA And NSA. They have all your info! #AmericaFirst
Who asked for this #45 & big business??
Or for surveillance!!  Schumer, please retire!!  Americans believe congress Dems are a joke!  Embarrassment!
That's one thing I agree with you on.
people are tired of being surveilled and who's doing it has become apparent lately with regards to the last Administration
Well you need to tell #Obama his EO at the last min. to spy on @POTUS he should be ashamed. He is not American.
WHY didn't the Senate Dems FILIBUSTER horrible S. 34 & the bill that defunded Planned Parenthood? GOP required 60 votes during Obama admin!
I sincerely hope that you stop this madness from happening. Why are republicanso doing this?
You are such a hypocrite! Explain what happened to @GenFlynn and his civilian privacy rights being hacked by our Country's Democrat spies?
Cards against humanity is buying legislators info to make an extension pack. Goose meet Gander is what I say. American people are sick of BS
No! Give to our loving Corporate Overlords just like the Founding Fathers envisioned!
Can someone let's our reps know? Hear our voices!
When you click "agree" then it's not private anymore
why don't you just get behind Trump your ruining the Democrat name
Not Obama or democrats!!
Yes. And they believe our Intelligence shouldn't be spying on them and using for partisan political  purposes.
@SenSchumer We have been hacked non-stop for 1 1/2 yrs so far, "we know who it is" & the FBI & State/City Authorities will NOT DO ANYTHING!
chuck -- these guys are just in it for the money. keep standing up to them. thanks!
Sen. Tom Daschle, Harry Reid and you cut from the same illogical non conforming group of "leaders".
equals LOSER! Regarding Gorsuch.
People should be in charge of their own personal info. They should be the only ones able to share & sell it to make $$ for themselves.
Ha ha.  Obama had NSA tap in on all Americans.  Just ask Snowden.  Obama was the biggezt privacy violator.  Where were u Chuckie the wimp
Schumer.  U are a phony.  A crybaby snowflake.  U should be investigated fool.  Better to keep ur mouth shut rather thsn open & be the fool
you should have spoke those words to Obama
Overwhelming majority of Americans believe Gorsuch not only deserves up or down vote but to be confirmed. #DoYourJob #GrowUp
#confirmgorsuch #SCOTUS
YET, today Spicey talked about how important it is that American citizens aren't spied on, etc. BUT GOP thinks it's okay to SELL OUR INFO!
YOU spied on US for Hillary! Disgusting!
overwhelming majority of Americans feel that you are corrupt and this will be your last term
is that what you told Clapper?
Exactly...what is out there now is already woefully protected and breached at will.  Why put more out there?
Please share this with your fellow New York member of Congress, @RepTenney of #NY22 .
I urge you et al with Congress to take Joe Biden's advice to President Trump to "Grow Up". Stop the madness and get to work for the people.
Such hypocrisy,  its there Chuck, illegal surveillance.  My guess you are part of the scandal
Agreed, but you allowed some companies to sell just that. Dems didn't protect us only favorite companies. Investigate that!
Every damn list in this Country is for sales!  No different!
i bet you hope your sins stay private there chucky boy #swampminion.  Find out what was on Weiner's laptop yet?
Too bad!!!! You have no power. Sit down ANGRY OLD Grump
LOL, are you for REAL?? Talk about the double edged sword.
You didn't have a problem with it with the Obama administration. IRS.
Does that include info from US Intel agencies?
What is the purpose of selling the info? Isn't fb and Google selling enough?  I do not want anyone having access to my email .
Thank you!
In other words, Chuck thinks that only he and the NSA should be able to read your emails. Chuck, wouldn't New Yorkers on welfare like jobs?
**exemption for @realDonaldTrump's taxes please.
I think that a new ISP that guarantees that it won't sell client info. regardless of the law would clean up! I know I'd switch to them.
I'd lose it if my info was sold.
Thank you!
So make it cover EVERY business, if it is so great.  Why single out this industry.  Ban all JUNKMAIL and PHONE SOLICITATION...I dare you!
Let's not forget ...those in congress making money off of it too.  Sell=Money in their pockets...FTS ..While #russianhacking is in HIGH GEAR
Do we the GOP understand it's their internet privacy, too? What goes around...
So the Conservative party who does not want government watching over our lives wants anybody including the government to invade your privacy
Yet they love #45 he can not do anything wrong, you lose for money to #45 and cabinet. Say goodbye respect none here.
Did you take a poll or are you speculating as usual?  Your motto, private only if you are a democrat.
If this is wave of future... who needs passwords ??
Did Trump ask public what they wanted ? NO!!
Going to make it easier for terrorists because everyone will use TOR or VPN to hide there online activities not just terrorists
AMEN B!YOU'RE"PLUGGED IN"TO FDR CONSTITUTIONALDEMOCRACY2/3 MAJORITY USA(&WORLD)!SUNLIGHT SCATTERS GOP DEA WAR FASCIST PRIVATIZER COCKROACHES
I wish @senrobportman had the vision and ability to listen to and work for his people the way you do.
I'm one of those Americans. Thank you sir!
wow you might want to look to the Republicans,  if you really think that way,  wow sounds like you're turning, about time MAGA
How were they able to pass this legislation? Do you not posess the filibuster?
.@SenSchumer Do the majority want to give up using @Google ? Sir, that's their business model
Why did Your guy Obama wire tap everyone. You dems say one thing and do another. People sick of your lies

The overwhelming majority of Anthony Weiners would agree.
Too late... thanks for at least not voting FOR it. Time to get VPN, until that doesn't work either.
info or their dick pics?
America is strangled by lobbyist money: corrupt GOP WANTING to harm people to get rich: #trumpcare #gorsuch #trumpRussia #PaulRyan #EPA #FCC
Tell that to the NSA .
Finally you said something reasonable
every time we sign up for internet, it's already up to us to read the contract, we don't need govt to do that for us.
Thank you! Please respect & protect our privacy! We're not for sale just to make a $$$! #CorporateGreed
Exactly and I plan on opting out on all of them
Mamzer, you started illigitement you have no credibility Mamzer!
Kind of a no brainer there Chuck.  How about you do something about it?
Thank you!
If our information is sold then we should be the ones who receive the proceeds, after all the information is ours to begin with
With unlimited money available to politicians our representative Democracy is over. The Supreme Court ruling is the demise of our country.
Or permission.Fuck the Republican party.#VOTEBLUEIN2018
In Trump World everything is for sale. Selling american lead in word trade to China for 400 million first day on the job. Self dealing crook
It should be our choice.
Ur uncle Obama made it legal to violate American's privacy
It should be ours to sell or not to sell.
Tell that to Farkas and the slime BHO
How dare they sell off our info w/o consent & protect DJT tax returns.
How about President Trump's privacy?  This is a felony and you know this and that is why you are scared bc you are also involved.
Anybody taking/asking for campaign $ from these very ISPs is just paying lip service to consumer privacy! #Broadbandprivacy #staywoke
It's to BAD you didn't tell Obama that before he left & before he changed the rules  don't look good for you & the Dem. Party in 2018 & 2020
Oh, you mean like General Flynn's was?!
what is their reason for passing that?
joke democraps have destroyed privacy
Then why have u allowed credit card companies to sell private information for years?  #hypocrite
This bill is nothing but pure evil. There is not one sane American that would be in support of this bill if they understood it.
Retire now!
You have shown sir u don't give a damn about what Americans want u only care about your liberal agenda no matter who it hurts
Except for the Libs that bugged Trump Tower.
The only smart thing to come out of your mouth.
You are totally misguided and misinformed on this topic.  Not all that surprising.
GOP Puts Your Personal Online Data Up for Sale - *Information can be used AGAINST you! #MAGA
overwhelming majority don't act like assholes in a busy restaurant, either.
Just focus on Russia gate, @SenSchumer.  The more you  talk about it the more the media covers it and this country can resist and persist.
But but but. Apple Facebook Google Yahoo say they are selling your info (and photos etc) in the terms agreement.  99% of users unaware
Without their knowledge AND without their CONSENT!
Yes! I'm one that believes that your private information should remain that way, Private! Invation of Privacy!! is what there doing!
Senator, did anyone consider the 10th Amendment?
The majority of Americans are not interesting enough to be spied on.  I gladly let NSA look at my dick pics if needed for security
Do you think the planned protest-purchase of Congress's browsing histories will clue in any of your Repub.brethren-or do they just not care?
How can we fight this? One of my state Sentors voted in favor of it & received a hefty sum of money.
This would never be happening if Trump wasn't president
Word!
Because Republicans want to make it easier for Individuals to have their identity stolen
Absolutely! We will be funding a purchase of browser history for those who supported. 
All senate democrats should stand against Gorsuch confirmation because of Russian's cloud over Trump' rule!#No Gorsuch!
It doesn't matter what the people want. Everything is about the pubs trying to make regardless of who is hurt in the process.
Absolutely!
JUST IN: Flynn offers to testify in FBI Russia investigation in exchange for immunity: report http://hill.cm/pqJK02a 
What they don't' know is that under you and your fellow Democrats, it has not been private since at  2011  maybe longer.  FACT!
I hope this is one of the key elements of the 2018 reclamation elections.
Chuck's damn right Skippy about that! My likes my dislikes my browsing history my privacy the electronic content of my life is not for sale!
that's one aspect of it. Why do you allow internet search engines to do it?
Agreed!! When was that part of the republicans platform?? Did we some how miss that
Gee wasn't it Obama that was building a huge data facility now your worried about our private info.
what is WRONG WITH Republicans? Morally bankrupt. I hope they ALL get hacked and exposed. Keep fighting Chuck ignore haters
The beauty of the Founding Fathers is that "secure in their persons" was a phrase that ANTICIPATED a modern world.
WHY DIDN'T YOU FEEL THIS WAY UNDER OBAMA ADMIN?  HYPOCRITE!
Funny how the @GOP voted to not release Trump's tax returns but my Internet usage is fair game. Bullshit. #resist
So what can we do about this?  We deserve our privacy. Who comes up with this stuff? I'm very offended & disheartened by this. Who benefits?
REALLY @SenSchumer MAYBE YOU SHOULD HAVE REACHED OUT TO THE NSA & Obama before they WIRETAPPED AMERICANS  @JamesRosenFNC @SharylAttkisson
TOO BAD NOBODY IS LISTENING TO WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT!!!!!!Instead passing crap that nobody wants.
Will be fun to see what Trump buys on the net, rubber sheets for the bed, spray tan, hair glue and putin blow up doll.
Repubs. don't care about what America wants. You only count to them if you have large sums of money to buy, i mean donate to them.
I'm not sure that many people know about this, please get out the word. This helps Trump's rich friends
Heck YES!!!
Then you better shut down google.
Talk to your buddies at Google and Facebook, they've been at it for years.
really!?  You have those MAJORITY figures or are you making shot up AGAIN!?
Is this a HIPA violation?
I think we can just start calling it "information" now.
People also believe they should be allowed to have a private quiet dinner without some loon screaming who they voted for chasing after them
And an overwhelming majority of Americans want @PPact funded but we're ignored because we're just taxpayers, not corporations.
Have you heard about this? He's raised over $100k on Go-Fund
The majority also believes healthcare is a right. That we should have single payer healthcare!
Here's a kooky idea - how about WE choose if and when WE want to sell OUR OWN info and, WE get the money for it?!?
I *pay* my ISP *not* to release my info. I am the customer, not Trump.   @comcast gonna find themselves in serious shit if they release info
why are they selling us out? What do they get out of it? We need to turn the tide
They also think illegals should be deported...care to make a deal??? Probably not, you're a partisan hack.
speaking of tax returns that He Who Won't Be Named won't show us.....
Yet Dems sold us out. They're mad because GOP killed their bill allowing SOME companies to collect info and not others. More dem BULLSHIT.
Next they'l be wiring our homes.more money in the pockets of the Rep's,more like russia everyday.who'd ever thought in America.Thanks Reps
