In fact, the prime beneficiaries of the Trump tax plan would be his Cabinet. #DraintheSwamp #BrokenPromise
Not true!!! Another lie from you the biggest beneficiaries are the middle class which you have never supported tel the truth Chuck!!!
Not bloody likely, eliminating so many deductions!
This is only step 1. The deficits that  follow, will require cuts to SS, Medicare, and further Medicaid cuts. I hope ppl are not that naive.
Wrong. Investigate what a growth rate of 3 to 4% would do for tax revenues. Which is what happens when you reduce taxes. JFK same plan.
Take macro economics; also realize folly of relying on Keynesian deficit spending 4 sustained boost in growth. They rely on less educated...
3to 4 % is what Reagan got. Tax revenues rose. Growth rate always been above 2% till Obama. Evidence shows it works.
You mean until bush Great Recession?  Seriously, take macro. You might love it.
Look up the stats. I have a degree in acct and economics. Obama= lowest growth rate. You can't spend more than you earn. Easy logic.
Chuckie boy you are a hypocrite! Asking Trump to do this before dems will do that! What hypocrisy! Compromise means just that! U r minority!
How can you sleep at night all lies
We've tried your way for 8 years Clown & we've seen growth of less than 2% per year with a declining labor participation rate; time 4 change
The people responding here to Schumer are unbelievably stupid! They want to pay more!
We must get or news from different places. What I heard was a big reduction in taxes for small biz. I'm planning to start a new biz.
Schumer is such a negative fool! His talk makes a mockery of the disappearing Dem Party! For which I am happy!
Chuckie boy! You ask Trump to do things Obama was never willing to do. Shoe is on the other foot now. Help, stop being the obstructionist.
Mr.Schumer they stole the Supreme Court seat so let's not give them their tax plan they can't get it without the Democrat vote say no please
Hell Chuckie do You blame Him whats the matter with You are You Crazy
Republican stole Garland Supreme Court seat so let's not give them that big tax break for the rich & hike on the middle class say no 2 rich
This doesn't sound like a plan to help the people. Another great move for this administration. This is getting worst every day.
What type of plan would help the people?
Maybe a plan for the people instead of the pharmaceutical companies and insurance companies.
I agree, they are both horrible, why does the govt keep selling out to them? We should incentivise for HSAs, & direct Dr negotiation
Wrong again. Everyone ends up paying less. Stop the lies Chuck.
Please stop calling it a plan. It is a tax cut. A plan requires more than a page of bullet points.
WTF - no DEM plan ever- just name calling! Dems going down big!
You people keep talking about rich, regular people benefit as well
Chuckie boy, just when I think the dem leadership could not be any more ignorant or stupid, you open you mouth and offer nothing helpful?
Did you even read it?   Of course the wealthy get a break, but the biggest break is to the middle class. Dang.
Going forward, when you say wealthy, say "We, the wealthy" your net worth is almost a million dollars #taxreform #iamweathytoo #MAGA
Exactly. Degree of corruption is staggering!
Chuck - you've been there for DECADES and accomplished nothing on tax reform. Now that something is being done, you become "obstruct chuck."
Sumer does not want or understand economic growth
Mr Schumer  why  u lies so much  u where elected  2 work 4 the ppl Not your own  agenda enough of the BS
Then you should appluad it getting rich off the backs of hardworking americans and doing nothing in washington with your other liberals!!
if wealth helps grow economy, if wealth creates more jobs and more money, how is that a bad thing.
It's never worked before , it's just pure bullshit
I do not support the new tax plan. It helps wealthy and corporations, but hurts the hardworking middle class in big cities like me. Oppose!
It benefits his cause quite well. It is what happens when criminals are let into the bank vault. Seems we have ring-side-seat to our robbery
Good. Who spends money?? Right, people with money. You're kind a dumb if you don't agree.
Schumer you are ridiculous .  Everyone wins
Bla bla bla
Hater 
Stop this nonsense in its tracks.
Can't- you LOST
Clearly, AND if we could see his tax returns, I bet he'd be saving himself BILLIONS with HIS TAX PLAN.
Who cares about his taxes! MAGA!
Schumer you are such an obstructionists and a liar.
:
Don't know who sounds more obnoxious, you or Jimmy from Zyppah..
Senator Sir, bottom 50% PAY NO FED INCOME TAX! Kill EITC! "They need to have some skin in Da Game!" (Herman Cain!)
How about we be responsible & not reduce revenues while running a deficit?

There are 19 agencies Trump's budget proposes to eliminate funding for
 http://wapo.st/2n2vpF9 
Nearly $500K in campaign funds has gone to Trump-owned properties:
 report http://hill.cm/ACsjnsZ 
yeah well so much for that..Tillerson wants 2 cut more jobs in state department.So much much for America's security

1 page...Trump spends more time golfing & campaigning than the American
people
Bribe Cases, a Secret Jared Kushner Partner and Potential Conflicts
 https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/26/us/politics/jared-kushner-beny-steinmetz.html?smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur&_r=0 … …
letter from House Oversight Committee , on Nov 18th. to  Mike Pence, Notified Pence’s abt Flynn  
 http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/democrats-mike-pence-trump-russia/2484/ … via @PalmerReport
amount of time thats spent on passing anything is abt as much time supporters spend on researching whats going on
Time to kick Schumer out of office. He's lost touch with reality. He's done nothing except bad mouth @POTUS. No accomplishments.
Duck head
Yes but not entirely true
Chuck has been there since the first taxes were passed haha living on the taxpayers for 40 plus years. Get off the tit. Retire.
A MASSIVE GIVE-AWAY TO DONORS.  THE ANSWER:  CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT TO SAY THAT CORPORATIONS (MONEY) ARE NOT PEOPLE.
ENOUGH TAX BREAKS FOR THE FREAKIN WEALTHY! When does the middle class catch a break? We can't carry the country anymore. We're being crushed
So on that you, polosi, Warren and other dems will benefit,if this tax plan offends you. Spread your millions to the ppl you FKN hypocritic
Shocking.
You are wrong
Don't let it happen @SenSchumer
We want to see Donny's tax returns before any thought on reform. #trumptaxreturns
Yes we all know this already-STOP THIS MADNESS! All we need from u & the rest r to grow a set & get him out of there! All of them!#Impeach
LIAR!!
Thank you Senator Schumer RESIST!! In what world do we not insure all humans so the rich can get richer? Russia Russia Russia!! Deception!
So that's the talking point we will hear from you leftards for next couple of weeks.. What happened to Russia? That blew up in your faces.
Chuck can you please stop the "sky is falling"?  You and the others in the Gov are the rich! More worthless FaceTim NY is over taxed thanks!

Dear Liberals,if the Trump tax cuts pass you're still free to pay the higher tax rate. But, you won't, because you're frauds #Fact #TaxPlan
Wow Senator what a liar. But hey we know you can't do with less money not enough kickbacks for Dems
Where is the beef?
It benifits all of us. Listen to the people for once!  Sign it!
Trump is going to kick Schumer treasonous ass inside out. I can't wait till he wipes the floor with you.
BS what I saw was double standard deduction and I know I will fall in that 10% bracket! I would like to have a return for a change not owe!
Germany surplus is not simple to explain, but still a surplus.
Many countries have tried this, never worked, only first world country not to do this was Germany, Germany only country with surplus 1
Middleclass will have an extra $1k or so in pocket but Trump types will have millions. Midclass will love this.The hungry will eat anything.
Guess u get a break chuckie
It will help everyone including you dodo
Time for Articles of Impeachment #ImpeachTrump #Trumprussia #ResistTrumpCare
Mr.Senator, stop this crazy man before he destroys us. I have seen the deterioration of middle class in So. America! Not here please!
Schumer you old fraud. 80 percent of the taxes in this country. Shut up time
With Schumer and Pelosi as 'leaders' of the Democrat Party, Republicans could run a goat for Congress and stay in the majority.
JUst like Trump Care insurance!!!!!
Then you should be happy.
In the long run, if the strong are continuously weakened, the weak get weaker and the mediocre demote to poverty!
Aww. Of course here is Schumer daily dose of Trump bashing ! Why don't you try to be part of the solution instead of part of the problem
Of course he did. Looking out for number 1.
Very kind of you to call that a "plan"!

#NoReturnsNoReform
Chuck is the biggest waist of taxpayer money second only to Nancy Pelosi,  He has nothing to offer for economy, national sec.
Massive tax break to the wealthy and bigly more massive one to himself and his businesses
don't let him get away with it! We're counting on you!
Awesome!
That Iis disingenuous, it is a big middle class tax cut.  You just want people dependent on the gov't not self sufficient
Not true at all....cuts would boost not only US economy but global economy. Business can invest here again #youarefakenews @SenSchumer
Quit lying Mr. Schumer it will give us /middle class tax breaks also.
Wrong
Chuck, Gary Cohn is one of your guys,  a Dem. How would the tax break affect you? You love those big bankers.
THAT WOULD BE YOU HUH
You should do very well then.
No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes.  #DontheCon #WakeUpAmerica
Chucky Doll you are FoS! You know what you are insinuating is a big lie. But then again do you know what truth is any more? I have to wonder
well that should fit your and your rich liberal buddies just fine. Bet your buddy Barry Obama is happy.
Stand against Trump's big give away to the corporations & top 1%!
STOP HIM!  thanks for healthcare!  Protect our parks and monuments from this monster.  Find  ties to Russia AND CHINA
And what are you doing??
Yes. Ask the morons who voted for him if they r happy now?   Make the average American broken again!  There is a sucker born every minute!
@JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL WHAT R YOUR PRIORITIES? OPEN BORDERS FOR CHEAP FOREIGN LABOR FOR ALL THOSE WHO LINE YOUR POCKET?
Typical uneducated response. I've practiced tax law for 30 years and I'm an expert. It's clear you are not.
You have your knickers in a knot because you may out of work
I fully support these needed tax changes and will gladly work less.

How many times does it take for the GOP to SEE that Trickle Down Theory does NOT work. 
By now, they've GOT to KNOW 
It doesn't work!
#GREED
It's a damn excuse to GET RICH on the backs of all the rest of us. It's at the expense of hard working middle class, poor, elderly, & sick.
I think you have no idea what you are talking about...just regurgitate words from #fakenews MSM. Sad.
Maybe you are the one that is clueless. Trickle down never worked just made the classes further apart. Upper middle dropped middle dropped
You should be happy. Will you not benefit. It's a win win for sm. business/middle-class.
As long as I get a tax break to offset my healthcare premiums I'll support the tax plan. As my Senator you do the same.
@SenSchumer fight this!!!!
Great!!! We can never have to much. #BringItOn
You just can't help yourself. You put the party & self before the country & Your self absorbed in your politics. The Dems lost get over it!
.....F...U...
Do your job and start working together!
Sad
Liar!!!!
You can't hear. And Chuck the American people are really getting sick of you democrats. So wait till it's time for you to be  reelected. Not
@LeChatNoire4 @POTUS All Republicans do this, uneducated voters, vote Republican not realizing this.
At least you will be getting a break, right?
and explide the deficit...
@SenSchumer
@SenSanders
@SenWarren 
if you'd like you can pay more in taxes at any time, people often times leave their estate to the #IRS
Pretty Sure the 1% does not leave their estates to the IRS. Anyone who does cares about the USA. The 1% does not.
yep that was my point
Might not be a patent. Obvious design fraud or something.
Please explain how? By the way you do realize how many rich people live in NYC . You'd vote no on anything" because you're a clown.
Actually, DJT plan to TAKE subsidies fm sick and poor and tax our state/local taxes to pay for tax cuts to corporations and rich folks.
Chuckie, this is our money, not your money, you greedy crapseed.
Perhaps he could make it retrospective just to make sure the job is complete
Blah blah blah. Same rhetoric every time.
Who do you think you are?!
Dems should shut down the govt over russian probe and potus taxes
Lowering taxes for all will give more money to ALL  not just wealthy but there rate will be higher than low income. Dems LIE again
Sounds like it will be a good thing Chucky. Thanks for filling me in on the great news.
He clearly is stupid. If your suffering now in NewYork just wait til the Trump tramp makes it harder for middle class. #bullshit #liar
So, there has to be a good reason he wants to do this and I'm sure you know why it is...care to share it and why you object?
Is it to much to ask that a ranking member of the US congress could think on more than one level ?  Pitiful or lying
.@TheDemocrats firmly believe they can tax their way to prosperity, the @RNC believes we must produce it. #Taxes
Dont forget rich assed politicians like yourself as well!
Chuck I want responses to my tweets to you. Especially about community meetings. Why don't you have regular citizen meetings?
Current tax law: a married couple will be able to shield about $11 million from federal estate taxes. 1% of US have > $10M! #stayinformed
Where are your priorities
Dude, you don't do anything good for us
Wasn't health care first?
@SenSchumer is a liar, Democrats think anyone with a job is rich. Stop the spending and give me back my money, you all suck.
So what? U hav the power. Use it!
Middle Class married filing joint earn less than 100k combined this tax plan helps me more than the rich, I don't get rich folks deductions.
Lies lies lies ur disgusting n UNAMERICAN
It's not surprising, but it makes me feel like my life doesn't matter!
Waaaa chuckie ur party gives more money to the rich Wall Street and labor unions HYPOCRITE
#really?   #nomoretearsshumee #introducesomelegislation
Chuck Schumer u lie.  U don't want people to choose how to spend their money.
Actually I am not considered very wealthy and it would give me a significant break. Be specific Chuck, what's wrong with the plan...
And to everyone else.    I guess you only read what you see Chucky.
It's not a break, it's relief because the Senate has been killing their bottom line for years.
TAX RATE REDUCTION FOR EVERYONE.????
Term limits chucky
At least the republicans came up with a tax plan what has the dem done for the last 100 days nothing sit around and look at each other sad
and the small businesses are gonna thrive!! At least give him that!! All of you politicians are 4 the rich!!
Gee Chuckles thought you would break out something new.
Dissapointed
Same old complaining chuck
Shut her down!
Plan not fully released! It already beats your ideas of entitlements for everyone- except 4 working taxpayer paying bill. NO MORE HAND OUTS
Right, because non of us makes a living working for poor business owners.
Chucky 100 days of do nothing chucky100 days of do nothing.          Chucky 100 days.of do nothing.   ,,,,,      Chucky 100 days of do nothi
Two Words!  SPECIAL PROSECUTOR! #TrumpRussia
You pushing that crap?  If there was any evidence loud mouth lime  Jim Comey would be all over the news.
You will benefit
wonder if ppl realize all the tax breaks they are giving up by being able to complete their taxes, in entirety, on a large index card?
Well then u should be thrilled to death with that
You are a financial illiterate. You have never created a job in your life. Stop the false propaganda . Worry about putting RE Tax fed. back.
Independent investigation Sen Shumer..and 70+% of Americans want 45s taxes released..bluntly, this is bullshit.  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Not gonna happen
Show us your taxes Donald!
Putting the pressure on the working class is one of the best ways to do it.
Its a bail out for himself, his biz orgs & his swamp cretins. he doesn't care abt anything else.
@KennedyforPOTUS @POTUS
Maybe NOW they can afford a business in NYS with this tax break? Nah still too expensive.#NYSNOTBUSINESSFRIENDLY
Another example of Trump's kleptocracy. We get examples daily. This should not be tolerated.
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform  PERIOD. We need to know what will benefit him personally.
Like that would ever happen....keep wishing though...#PresidentTrump already released all required docs....never hurts to dream though.
Chuckyprioties are too screw our country and screw our great president he knows how to do it for sure.
