The GOP favoring private money managers over the American people is anything but "rare" Senator.
I missed the sarcasm.  Well done.
Don't feel bad. You need to be from Brooklyn or watch a lot of Seinfeld to catch the tone.
You can say Jewish. <3
see now THATS Brooklyn.
UWS, thank you very much.
well we all have to start somewhere
Yeah, the LES.
Schumer you are so full of it!!!  Why are all you Dems so Anti America!!  You want to destroy Americca just like Obaby tried to do!!!!
.@SenSchumer Nothing rare about @GOP choosing the well being of corporations over Americans. Folks, remember this in 2018.
U r dreading falsehoods with this comment- do you even understand the Fid Rule? It's about paperwork and form not function.
wealthy people won't miss meals. The rest of us do. Don't they have enough?
Me
because dems don't show up for the mid terms.
pretty sure that's going to change in two years
I hope so or we're done. Over.  Control of 48 states can cig the Constitution.

Chuck you forgot about the American people years ago
Well when it comes to money managers you do have experience
More LIES. You hamstringed what money managers could recommend or say and created more bureaucracy. You are a career LIAR, Schumer
does it ever bother these wealthy people to take away poor people's money just for a sick game?
All of our protections, values and morals in America are being dessimated right before our eyes....someone needs to speak to power!
Ugh
welcome to a not so freedom of choice they love to champion -work harder we can't earn enough off your hard work
. Please retire and stop obstructing our president!!
unbelievable
Stop the political BS! U don't give a damn about American's retirement savings. Ur team stole Delphi pensions & never looked back
I am MOST concerned with your obstructionism! You are a dusgrace!!!
GOP from hell. The devil's advocates. Aliens on Earth. Nobody human would activate these laws.
Liar
Consumers have not been helped in many years.  We get less than1% on savings but pay up to 25% on credit card purchases.
So...?!? What else is NEW?!? Bend over the rest of us 99%ers#SAD
Oddly, you still seem to believe conservative control of executive, legislative, & soon judicial branches of @usgov is mistake or Russians.
maybe wouldnt be in the situation if obams ppl didnt rack up debt over 10 trillion but this is politics .. selling out US is best currancy

#rabiddogs
#anti-everything
You should get out more..into the country. You haven't got a clue. Company plans already tell you which funds you can invest in. No choices
Stop stealing the American citizen's money.
Total attack by the @GOP ON THE 99% of Americans to do anything resembling personal success-why!?!!
shocking - not
2010 Dems lost the House
2012 Dems lost the Senate
2016 Dems lost the White House
2017 Dems lost ability to reason
It's not Russia, it's YOU
omg every time I see you or hear your voice I get sick.  I hate you and your cult
What is rare about the republicans screwing the American people? They do it all the time and have been for decades
screw everyone except big banks big pharma and billionaires that's the way the government works now

Trump is looking out for his friends. This Admin is going to be good for the rich. Too bad for everyone else.
WE MUST NOT PLAY INTO THE HANDS OF THESE SCAMMERS.  AMERICANS MUST FIND ALTERNATIVE WAYS TO SAVE.
Greatest gap between the 1% and the rest ocurred during Obama. YOU wuz in charge Obstructionist Chuckie.
#fillingtheswamp
GOP is so happy with their stock brokers, it is the only option. Of course, stock brokers have no interest saving $5 at a time.
Every single thing that Trump does hurts the American people.
Put this in commercials.
I am afraid that "We the People" are just annoying and in the way of business corporations.  Looking forward to 2018...
@TomWellborn Seriously u need to start calling for #IMPEACHMENT instead of attending his stupid dinners
Bannon is drooling over the thought of a gov shutdown to exploit.  Call him out and GOP for
enabling a Nazi or we will all suffer.
Never Stop Resisting Trump's 'war-on-Americans'!
Looks like the Democrats are being forced back to pretending they care about middle-class working Americans.
p how can I live ? Seriously....do the effinCARE ?
yeah but Amy privatized other comedians shit
good time to switch to Vanguard
Rare? GOP is trying to get the economy rolling but with you and the Libs obstructing how can it?  You and yours are the problem!
and you prioritize illegals over citizens everyday. Both parties should reflect
At this rate, the English language is going to have a nervous breakdown.
The Republican Russian Party does not give two shits for the vast majority of our country. Too busy taking corporate money.
horrible. When will Americans learn the @GOP is not for the working class. They don't want to help their constituents
Uh oh "consumer protection" is an anagram for "Coerce Trump Notions" Unscramble the GOP understanding 2 help regular folk please
if you knew about the Russian meddling when Obama was in office you and YOUR colleagues need to be held accountable for it.
the fed is the real problem...zero interest rates for years on end. but you are a shill of them. #JWO
Need bill: these actions apply FIRST to congress and their families.Mandatory they are made to suffer their deplorable actions.
hands off our money FFS the GOP are pushed by greed
I'll be draining my 401k to buy property then.
They have gone crazy @SenSchumer
Let me off this planet. GEEZ already!!!!!
why don't we talk about your angry outbursts toward women.AIRPLANES, RESTAURANTS, Congressional FLOOR!
You can't make this shit up if you tried. Who the Hell are these senators working for? We'll see how they answer at town halls!
They just won't show up to their Townhalls, GOP isn't interested in constituents only wealthy donors
I can't remember, are quotes good or bad
Sarcasm or serious
PIG people. They are liars who care none for their constituents.
I don't understand why average Americans vote for Republicans! They always, only help the rich and NEVER the working class!
because they'd have to accept they are the average American, not "special"

