Turns out their plan is just another attempt to sabotage #healthcare & would mean 20% higher premiums for American families.
And @USCBO says GOP plan: “would cause a substantial reduction in the # of ppl with health insurance.” 15 million less Americans insured.
Docs widely oppose GOP plan, say ACA model “is the foundation of improving access to care & vital to ensuring everyone has health coverage.”
My senator supports the ACA. Is there anyone else we can call to protest this vote?

This group needs to be transparent & give all info, not just give enough info to make the new plan scary!!People need 2 trust the President!
The cuts on Medicaid has a lot to do w/cutting cost of the programs designed for illegals & career welfare recipients!!!
Education so career welfarers can work &in return feel better about themselves!Rather than thinking getting govt freebies is the way of life
How about @Dems honoring Sen. Hirono for showing up? Is her situation not as deserving of recognition as McCain's??
WHY DNT U TLK TO THE PUBLIC & TELL US WHAT TO DO THEN!  ALL U DO IS TAKE UR BALL AND GO HOME... No cohesion, kindve sad. Babies on the Hill.
Liar
Chuck, you are going to far left. Just saying. We are democrats, not Independent socialists. Stay the course.
Make all of Congress subject to their version of health care...
The mandate is forcing already poor people to get even more poor paying for something they may never use.  It's wrong.  Lower healthcare $$.
The Republican's values disgust me. Every day with them in power is our worst nightmare.
Yeah neither were the effects of Obamacare. Did you forget that peoples rates are tripling with that God awful bill.
By the way, pre Obamacare coverage was as high as 92%. That number is dropping quickly with the ACA and people deciding to take the penalty.
And your idea is to keep Obama care
Sen Schumer, You and the other Dems are our only buffer against this bully-in-chief. Stay strong, stay on point, we need your protection.
Can we get a bill that says the free market will control healthcare prices and people are free to choose any plan from any state they please
Get a real job.
Repeal and don't replace
"repeal light" shd contain min changes to the ACA. GOP must get a bill out to claim success to their constituents. Desperation=Cooperation
If it doesn't pass, I'm sending you my premium bill. I'm not paying $1000/mo. You're supposed to be representing me, not obstructing!
Why do you talk out of two mouths?  Watched a video of you thinking Ocare needed to be dumped.
#FullRepeal promised by six GOP senators who today revealed they were liars or cowards.  #FullRepeal only way to implement market solution.

Can a liar tell a skinny Lie? I don't think so. Liars are scumbags, right Liz? Here is a picture of one.
In what way Senator.  Follow up with facts and figures. Be different from the republicans; use facts
Hows amy doing i heard her netflix show sucked like chuck
Get your peers together and reach across party lines and do your job! Less reactive & more proactive actions are needed!
Keep fighting for us!
Blah blah blah
So what are you doing about it other then blowing wind? Get to work and do something to help and stop taking about it!
@DNC caused this mess!
What's the Dumbocrat's plan? S.Same old failing, high cost, collapsing O'care program? Fewer options, higher deductibles, skyrocket prems.
Have U read the bill or is like the one Plesoi said let's pass it then we will find out what is in it we know
please vote no!
Fkoff
Unfortunately, you lost all credibility on health care issues long ago, O Smart One.
Sabotage Obamacare by removing the mandate (& a bunch of other heinous cuts too). We'll be dead but Koch Bros HAPPY!
When is someone going to give full throated expression to how bad this is. I don't recognize my country.
I just cannot get over how stupid you think Americans are ? You do nothing for tax payers is why you lost the election . Hello out there!
Get on the damn senate floor #SenSchumer and say the words "nothing less than single payer." Be a leader!
leave the jokes to Amy
Chuck, can I offer some assistance with scripting?
Chuck you should have found 6 Dems to vote yes, then the pressure would have really been on the GOP.
#GOP #WhatPartOfNFWDontYouHear
#NoCutsNoCaps #SaveMedicaid
#ProtectOurCare #FixACA
Then quit screwing around and work with them toward "a better deal"!  Put your stupid slogan where your mouth is.
Good stop being an obstructionist and start working across the aisle. Time to move forward for all Americans Chuck
Suggest improving the weeknesses of the ACA with both DEM and GOP PARTICIPATION! All will benefit in public opinion!
Is that bad? It appeared you have jumped to negative conclusions without any facts, but that is nothing new for you.
Resist!!
Obstructionist. Your party is the party of pork. Don't make me laugh.
Stop the bill
Skinny?What the hell does that even mean?More word games from @GOP @SenateGOP .They really are idiots -or they think the American people are
So, what you got for us, chucky?
Oh, never mind. I forgot. The Dems aren't working.
Just repeal it...admit ur plan sucked & get to finding SOLUTIONS...something you demoCRATS really drop the ball on!
Steve Scalise, who has recovered thanks to premium taxpayer-funded healthcare, will undoubtedly rush back to strip coverage from millions.
SO, what's being done about ALL of the dysfunction, lying and cheating that's going on? Nothing good is getting done.
The results of what the gops are trying to do extend far more than just healthcare
It increases the power of the rich to dictate to others
That's been the plan for the past 25 years. People just didn't want to see it.
Fight drag it out make your points encouraging ppl to call fax  e mail their Senators
People with disabilities will have shorter life spans, care givers would be rob of their wealth. fewer undesirable ppl births, etc
Goal  To privatize healthcare and make it so that only the rich can afford it 
However, the rich would get a break in price for healthcare
Rich has our government healthcare paid by us dumb ass's!
good! get rid of this darn ACA. never should have gone there in the 1st place.
You Senators have the best game in town! The Democrats blame Republicans, Republicans blame the Democrats and you both screw Americans!DTS
Probably more like fat-free but twice the calories.  A trick!
Unless the new act is for single payer or the bare minimum the ACA with a public option you vote NO....
Chuckles fake leader. Head sewer leader. Ok
Hopefully it will not be the failure like your ObamaCare
Thanks to you and all the other "In big insurance pocket" politicians.  TRUE or FALSE?
Chucky & Friends!

Repeal.  Repeal.  Repeal.
Go away
STOP YOUR OBSTRUCTION Chucky!!
schumer help me understand this. Promote ACA so good, yet u still don't select it as ur own insurance HC plan! Why? Such a success, right?
i hope all are paying attention and you must watch them in the middle of the night ... good luck & god's speed ... 
They are doing the best they can with out YOUR help It has to be fixed it's not working now
Democrats, Republicans, etc. need to put aside their feelings and start working together as a nation on Healthcare.
Bull's Breath Dipstick
MrSchumer w/all due respct... this bill simply CAN NOT pass...The Americans that in fact Patriots need the ACA. the others are confused.
WEll then damn it stop taking money from the insurance And big pharm pacs
No ACA Repeal
You can keep your doctor 
Plz start talking #Jobs loss with #ACA repeal.
@clairecmc
Come on fight back. Please
Kind of like your Obamacare was supposed to be cheaper. But it turns out it's not so cheap.
"Skinny" dealing: Will turn into a big fat disaster.
Shut RIKERS Island 170.000. For a shoplifters shame on you its concentration camp
Best news we heard all day. Hopefully your not spreading fake news a usual

I heard that joke from your cousin already
@FoxNews @cnnbrk Chuck Schumer gets 330,000$ kickback from insurance companys! Do you trust him?
Is this bill on a diet"Skinny Repeal" ... whaaaat
Look, these guys have already gotten away with far, far more than they should have. Stop repeal in any form NOW. Please.
Read some of it breaks Senate rules. Beats me. All I know is if the GOP passes anything they will get voted out in 2018. People are pissed.
You will pass it, you will like it and you will tell Donald Thank you sir may I have seconds
Grest
Use this this cuck,,,a skinny bill or a better deal,,,it'll make u seem clever
Publish this bill online for all of us to read.
Maybe donald needs it more than the insurance. To be skinny.
What are you willing to do kill the BCRA? Filibuster by amendment so this bill does NOT make it to the house.
I think this is actually going to be a new @starbucks drink. #skinnySellout
Have they talked to practicing physicians, patients, medical workers, the people that actually see where the potential problems could occur?
Or is this a bunch of old crusty men sitting around the table talking about stuff that they know nothing of?
And the fat is waiting with pen in hand !
You need to quit being "crying Chuck", get a pair, and work on getting Trump out of office. He is a disgrace.
What does your plan look like. That's right you guys don't do plans, you protest, obstruct & do nothing else.
They r trying to minimize it by saying it's a "skinny" repeal bill. Don't fall for it. Nice try GOP but everyone knows ur game & it's dirty.
What in hell is he saying. Political jibber jabber is getting ridiculous. His "twitter Aide" is tweeting incoherently.
Sit down and be quiet!
The hot air coming out of your grill isn't skinny either..Resign Meatball
What does it do? Does it repeal govt mandates on individuals forcing them to buy a product? If so,appears to support freedom.
They are dead set on doing this--GOP made up of such tiny people with such dark souls. Rabid. What this once honorable party has become!
64% of all nursing home costs. How many will have to leave their jobs to care for elderly parents with dementia 24/7/365
Come out for Single-Payer already most Americans want it

Turns out that Schumer is trying to be a traitor after all

We are witnessing a @GOP coup.  They don't care if the citizens who elected them live or die.
VOTE NO. what says u can come up with new plan in 2 years when you haven't in 7. but I bet the rich get their tax cuts immediately.
So... What are you gonna do....CRY?
It's never what it seems ?
Remember this while you're in your meetings in back rooms a Healthy nation is a Strong Nation what Trump and Republicans are doing is UNFOR
When thr is Wars remember that you sent foreigners back your people are not healthy so get ready suit up and show up to fight your own Wars
I can't believe people are actually falling for the bullcrap that people like @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi and @SenWarren are spewing.
Same fucking Party who passed OCare to see what the fuck was in it
Skinny Repeal = Eliminate Healthy and Young From the Insurance Pool = Destroy Health Insurance Coverage for 20+ Million. Stay . Vote no.
What's working with current status????
After your comments about Hillary Clinton, you are dead to me and millions of other women.
A snake a snake it's not skinny it's taking from the ones that have the least and that need the most so that the top 5% get the cuts
Stop trying to be cute. "Mean-er" is bad. "Better Deal" is bad. This is bad. You're acting more like a grandpa than a legislative leader.
Little confused here,didn't bill fail 57-43? Or there are multiple drafts being voted on. Confused.
So they've actually brought AHCA to the floor but they're proposing what they call "striking amendments" right now.
1/
These amendments strike a portion or all of the original bill. So the BCRA was proposed as a striking amendment. 
2/
That means the BCRA would have replaced the AHCA, which is the current bill being debated. That is the vote that failed 57-43

3/
They're going to continue with the "clean repeal" as a striking amendment, as well as other bills. Most are pretty sure to be voted down.
4/
However, "Skinny Repeal" is just repealing ind. mandate, employer mandate & device tax. They feel like it may pass.
5/
That being said, multiple Rs have admitted today that passing this "Skinny repeal" striking amendment is really just to get to conference
6/
In conference between House & Senate, AHCA would still be "default" bill for negotiations. Medicaid cuts, etc, would likely come back 
7/
Crybaby.Get over it.
Either be a part of the solution or you are part of the problem!
Donald Trump asked Democrats to help on more than one occasion so shut up now Schumer
My children cannot even get teaching job in the state if NY from which he graduated from, tell me how great jobs are available
Schumer let's quit beating around the bush they want to make cuts to Medicaid  pre-existing conditions 50 and over pay MORE Wrong
Dems seem to be pushing single-payer. Simply out of the question! Just look at the horrible mismanagement of the VA for the past 8+ years.
I think the peiple should have a say in this.  That's what a Republic does.
And thank god for that. Sometimes something is so screwed up, you just have to start over. #Obamacare is just that screwed up.

A “skinny repeal” of Obamacare would still leave 15 million uninsured by 2026. Tagline: Evil, but not quite as much! http://thebea.st/2tZg1ZY 
There is no panacea to healthcare it's going to come down to what you can afford. Insurance companies will have to compete for the business.
Single payer.
Get the government out of my healthcare. Government involvement has never lowered the cost of anything. Let me have my right to choose.
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/890254073781518336 …
LIES! Stop obstructing.... Do all of the USA a favor retire and delete your account #MAGA #TrumpTrain @POTUS
Please do all you can to stop Trumpcare.
Medicare for everybody!!!!!!!!
Most occupying congress has failed Americans with your Open Border Welcome Mats putting illegal aliens first over Americans for starters
Skinny repeal needs 60 votes though right? The mandate doesn't cost fed gov it actually brings in revenue.
first step: don't use their nice-sounding phrase of "skinny repeal"
Thank you for protecting us. Without adequate health ins many will perish.
Skinny repeal bill = fat chance.
Are they still pretending "Skinny Repeal" isn't something they thought up yesterday in the Capitol Gallery Starbucks line?
GOP seems to be pushing a “skinny” repeal bill so it can pass the House, but it turns out, the effects of skinny repeal won’t be so skinny.
I'd there any analysis out there about a bill that only eliminates the mandates?
Is'
CBO hasn't scored it yet but has scored a similar bill before.  I believe @sangerkatz from NYT tweeted an article earlier today about it.
How so? We need to know!
How bout the dems propose #SINGLEPAYER
How about the Ds propose ANYTHING that does something to stop OBummercare from collapsing? Because it isn't about healthcare, it's about $$$
No, they will be felt far and wide.
