Why is your office closed for the entire week when you know the audit  deadline is the 23rd?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??
As your constituent, I am disappointed by your support of Sen. Sessions for AG, and I urge you to reconsider.
By all means deny confirmation of this bigot.
Glad to see that you ignore your constituents.
hope that you advise Sen. Sessions civil rights 4  citizens, not just White ones. Plz work 4 justice4 all
What does that say about you @SenToomey?
He's a racist and climate change denier.  He's now good for the country.  Doesn't that bother you?
stop supporting racism.
This is terrible and I call upon you to reconsider.  Do you hold discriminatory views against so many of your constituents @SenToomey ?
My friend and colleague @SenatorSessions has my full support to be the next U.S. Attorney General. 
I'm disappointed in you for failing to represent the interests of ALL Pennsylvanians, by supporting a racist for Attorney General
I am disappointed in you, Senator. How can you believe he will fairly make decisions for all Americans?
poor choice.
You are part of the problem when you should be the one we can depend on to represent every Pennsylvanian.
He attends Federation for American Immigration Reform events, labeled a hate group by the SPLC since 2007
What are YOU doing to question Trumps MASSIVE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST & Profiteering from the Presidency?
yep because racism and so unfit couldnt get judgeship not matter Ethics integrity unknown 2 GOP
When will you STAND UP?
I conclude that you believe being too racist to be a judge does not disqualify him from being AG. #altWrong.
This appointment has been praised by white supremacists and you consider this man your friend and offer your support!? Not okay.
disturbing. I called your office about this and will continue to. This man is a racist.
NONE of this TRUMPISM is NORMAL.
You waffled pre-election - will you stand for Party or DEMOCRACY?
& PA VOTERS
ew! he fought to keep schools segregated, are you for real?!
As a constituent, I urge you to reconsider. In your recent campaign, you pledged to be independent + stand up to the WH.
Sessions is a racist.  How can you support that?
This is highly discouraging given Sessions' civil rights record. As in, rights granted by Constitution. Rubber stamp after all?
is a controversial, KNOWN RACIST. Showing your support to him shows PA that you are not for ALL of the people.
so racism is fine by you? Good to know
He is a racist.  Not good for America.
An ally of anti-Muslim organizations that do not support our ideals: equal rights, freedom of religion.
Are you concerned about what may happen to civil rights division under Sessions?
You are supporting a person for AG who did not understand grabbing a womans genitalia was sexual assault? SMH.
as your constituent i am upset by your support for this man. https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/11/18/jeff-sessions-champion-anti-muslim-and-anti-immigrant-extremists#.WDRhI4dpVHQ.facebookhttps://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/ …
This is disgraceful. You need to put country ahead of party and denounce Trump's appointment of bigots.
Jesus Christ. What is wrong with you?
As your constituent, @SenToomey I am very disappointing to see your support of a know racist @SenatorSessions .
Highly offended and disappointed in you Pat Toomey as a PA citizen
Yet again, you will not be standing up to trump. What happened to your campaign promises to do otherwise?
this is UNACCEPTABLE.
Going with the whole white supremacy thing? Shame on you. I'm ashamed you represent this state.
way to go, your support of Senator Sessions show's all of us in Pa that your on Trumps bandwagon to Make America Great Again
You are elected to represent all of us in PA. Sessions, and Bannon, will not. Please denounce.
you sir are a disappointment...your "friend" Sessions proudly tells congress Dominicans have no value to US
.@SenToomey's support for racist @SenatorSessions is unsurprising but still disappointing
You think this country needs an AG who can't figure out whether grabbing a woman's genitals is a crime?
You are devoid of ethics or morals. You're a disgrace.
: That part about upholding the law includes the Voting Rights Act? How about the Citizenship Clause of the 14th?
is this to get him off of veterans affairs where his only solution was to make it easier to fire people?
As a Pennsylvanian, I am dismayed that you would support a known bigot. Our state needs better than this!
pat Toomey supports a lifelong racist for attorney general. Remember that when he's up for reelection. I will.
Very sad. You can't mean that?
This is disgraceful. I and other PA citizens do NOT want a racist as AG. Please vote NO.
no. He was considered too racist to be a judge. Just no. Don't you dare back this atrocious human.
do you comprehend the damage he'll do? Or have you been in your privilege bubble for too long to have any empathy?
I am disappointed in your support of a man who is unable to recognize sexual assault.  Women everywhere, beware.
what a man says shows what is in his heart. Racism, hate and oppression is in his heart.
Your endorsement aligns you with David Duke and the Daily Stormer. Is that the company you want to keep? Please reconsider.
.@SenToomey Does "uphold the law" include the civil rights laws that @SenatorSessions has such public disdain for? As AG, it should.
If @SenatorSessions was too racist for 1986, he's too racist for 2016. The founders hoped we'd be better than this by now.
But what about that whole racism thing?
says grabbing a woman's genitals is not sexual assault & was too racist for Reagan's administration. Ur values?
Coward, now you support a known racist.  You're a disgrace.
You keep terrible company.
So let's see no speaking out against the hate crimes in PA and approving Sessions. You certainly don't support all PA people.
was denied a federal judgeship position for his racist views and is not fit to be our nation's attorney general.
So glad to see Trump fast at work "draining the swamp!" Sad day for love and diversity in America.
Please reconsider this position. Sessions is not fit for this role.
good to see you aren't giving @realDonaldTrump that blank check you promised not to give.
but your constituents have grave concerns about him.
called for constitutional amendment to stop granting automatic citizenship to people born in the U.S.  -ACLU
YES!!! to Senator Sessions a Great Choice Indeed!
Your support for @SenatorSessions  for attorney general is shameful.   #pantsuitsinlv #pantsuitnation
start saving 6 years to unemployment.... though as a Republican I guess you can not take it..... big bad entitlement and all....
you are a lousy person for supporting a known racist. And no he has not changed. Do not confirm him!
please retract your statement of support. @SenatorSessions' history of racism makes him completely unqualified for office.
a gentle reminder that you won your race by a mere 2 points - get a backbone and stand up to racism and bigotry
As a PA resident I am appalled at your embraceof Sessions. U should have lost. #TrumpTransition #notmypresident
Well that's unfortunate. I was hoping maybe you might stand up to bigotry but I see you're just going to follow the dictator.
and that's why I didn't vote for you.
you disappoint.

So you are in full agreement with David Duke on this.  Got it.
Be what you promised us! Represent me and your other constituents. NO to bigoted sessions. NO to white nationalist Bannon.
I  hoped that you wouldn't support the racism & bigotry Jeff Sessions represents. I vote and I will remember.
So you don't have an issue with racists, you should probably go tell that to Philadelphians
Boooooo!
@PhilaParking @PhillyPolice @PhillyMayor, wives/dghtrs/moms wld arrest cabbie;not POTUS?
Crotchgrabs get Irish handcuffs stead of reg ones? Pls confirm pussygrabbing no crime.
Shame on you! SHAME! Backing a RACIST! You do not stand for us in PA! STEP DOWN!! http://www.naacpldf.org/press-release/what-you-need-know-about-sen-jeff-sessions … #shame
Precisely why we wanted McGinty to win.  Too bad you're completely partisan. No INTEGRITY.
You need to explain this support in light of Sessions long and sordid history of racism.
Your support for Trump and his team's racism demonstrates a true moral bankruptcy on your part.
remember when you won your election by 1.5%? you won't get this chance again. #lostmyvote
at least you're finally having a confirmation hearing for someone. Do the job you swore to uphold in the Constitution.
wow! You just keep proving us right about you! Disappointing.
I for one will remember this decision as I walk door to door for your opponent in your next election.
deemed too racist to become a federal judge in 1986 http://bit.ly/2fcaqLK 
nothing like suppoting a racist
And that's why you're Pat Tumor
very disappointing. @SenatorSessions does not stand for the majority of America or your constituents. We will remember this.
Sessions is a southern racist!i thought you would represent all the people
#turningbacksocialjustice while ignoring spirit and letter of our Civil rights law
this is an extremely disappointing decision. bad for Pennsylvania and bad for the nation.
Excellent job, or lack in your case.
. Do you have any concerns about his history of racist comments? Just trying to figure out where you draw the line. Bannon? Flynn?
As a Pennsylvanian I strongly oppose @SenatorSessions as AG. His record on gay rights abysmal. Vote no on Sessions.
My Senator has fuller lost my support. A PA voter!
Makes sense that you're ready to kiss the boot...when you're part of the problem...#Spineless
I'm glad you don't speak for the majority of Americans. At re-election time, we'll make sure to remind you of it
You both are the definition of what is wrong with this Country. I object. 100%
Hoping @SenBobCasey will not support.
I suppose you just represent the Alabama in the middle of PA
Sen. Toomey, I am your constituent, and deeply oppose this appointment.
really? He doesn't think the KKK is "that bad"! But u wouldn't confirm a moderate SCOTUS justice? #NotNormal
Gee, thanks for letting us know that you're completely on board the Trump train and prejudice agenda
and you do not have mine.
Your support for racists like Bannon and Sessions means you have my full support for NOT being reelected in 6 years.
He was deemed too racist to be a federal judge. But sure, let's let him lead the whole justice department. 
PA will not stand for racism and bigotry! Stop the hate!
this is shameful and cowardly.
Shame on you. You need to do better for your constituents. @SenatorSessions is a bad choice. Minorities & women deserve better.
Are you a secret Klansman too? Showing your true colors?
This is really big. I figured @SenToomey was going to wait until after @SenatorSessions confirmation to tell his constituents how he felt.
awesome. Are there any principles you will stand up for?
Disgraceful.
did the Koch Bros pay u to endorse racist @jeffsessions just like they did for u to remain PA senator? #disgracetoPA
Your pro-racism, anti-woman, anti-immigrant stances are disgusting and un-American.
Too bad PA does not have a Patriot like Senator Sessions. Sessions had the vision & leadership to support Trump
I'm ashamed that you represent me
Your support is on record. When "colleagues" are running for the door--just walk--can't erase the internet :)
excellent! You should start acting like him. Make no mistake you were voted in ONLY cuz of scotus vote
Sad to see one of my senators is happy to embrace racism in the White House staff...
Gross.
wanted trey Gordy
tray gowdy
An AG that believes the ACLU and NAACP are unAmerican. Huh.  #BLM: ready, set, go!
if @SenatorSessions is too racist to become a judge, how can his judgement on who to prosecute be trusted?
He doesn’t have mine. In fact, I wrote you a whole letter about it.
wasn't he too extreme for the GOP last time he went in front of a committee? What's different?
why didn't you wait til the 11th hour to endorse?? #precedent
so you're taking a pro #racism stance. Good to know. 6 yrs comes faster than you think. #Sessions #racist
Cowardice.
of course he does 
That is unfortunate, I will be calling your office about this appointment, Bannons appointment & Financial Oversight. Do the Same
Same! @SenToomey # 412-803-3501 or 202-224-4254 @GOPoversight # 202-225-5074 or 202-225-7751
he denies being your friend. He says you double dip nachos in the cafeteria in Taco Tuesday.
I completely disagree about @SenatorSessions. The Justice system needs to be reformed away from racial bias
@Alafavore
We got mad beef now, Pat
I mean, why the hell not make Sessions AG?! The new POTUS is a bigoted reality tv star. http://www.weeklystandard.com/jeff-sessions-behavior-described-by-trump-in-grab-them-by-the-p-y-tape-isnt-sexual-assault/article/2004799?custom_click=rss …
and what about Bannon?
nothing to see here
glad to see your strong support of #Whitesupremacism !!
