just like he making false to help obama
Love and Support from Wisconsin
just declare 

the result of president of Taiwan in 2016 

is invalid!
a black man to be the president of country of 
whith man.
@astridtaughtyou just curious... How'd you become a Penguins fan? I know you have been for quite some time... Muy Interesante 
lol my pops is from Pittsburgh and I'm a daddy's girl so naturally everything he liked, I liked too. 
@kkkitty_cat YESSSS
NO
@itsnotpharrell
BARF
post in the tweet which has title attract people.
1 down, 3 to go. The previous 12 mean nothing at this point.
@LukeWarren__
hongzhi li is playing such game with you:
let me post important information in B

but B 's title don't attract people，
This letter will sent to 

reince priebus
ted cruz
john maccain
john boozman
the Master of America ask USA and Canada must make 
investigation, to uphold justice in earth and humen being!
This letter will transfer to the congress of USA and Canada 

the Kuomintang of taiwan at same time.
then just let me say in person

to tell the truth to all people!
I has asked the Ma Ying-jeou president tell the 
truth to all people, he don't say,
Tsai Ing-wen is not the

president!
nice cheap shots joe Thornton !!!  Garbage player who will never hoist the cup!!
_ Match Parfait !! Un bon début !
way to fight any battle boys! Everyone is picking the sharks in this series...lets show them what it means to be Burgh Proud!
I was really hoping they were going to lose @penguins
it can made people don't pay attention 
to the important information which publish the truth and 
reveal his crime! so I repeat
then he control other people post a tweet whit title
attract people,
【Taiwan】 
Eric Chu and Ma Ying-jeou
Kuomintang
stephen harper
jason kenney

Charles Michel
Francois hollande
jaketapper
David vitter
Pat toomey
mike lee
jeff sessions
orrin hatch
etc.
2016-05-29

the Master of America 

Dachang Gu in paris
So the position of Tsai Ing-wen is invalid!

the real winner fo the selecton is 
 
Eric Chu (ou Chu Li-luan)
it also was made by the making false of hong zhi li.
by the help of hong zhi li.
The hongxiu zhu's position in Kuomintang!

it is same way.
this letter has sent to the president palace of Taiwan.
countless people was cheated

so, the Master decide don't hide the truth again.
tell the truth to all people
a black man to be the president of country of 
white man.
the body of law of hongzhi li use superior
power help the Tsai Ing-wen to makinf false
so the result of Taiwan president selection is false.
for example: lilke alan greenspan chairman, a women appeared,
is all the good work of hong zhi li
for example: Angela Merkel of Gemany

for example: Park Geun-hye of south korea.
for example: the false female leader in brazil and 
peru and agentina.
so female leader suddenly become more

for example: Suu Kyi's of Myanmar
successfully controlled many country's 
president selection.
so he use his superior ability:
soul control
(can control people to do things,
but this life don't know he was controled.)
help women, help women to pin

man.

help   women to stand over the head
of man.
so, his plan to hurt humen being is 
reverse the right order of man and women
because of his running after beauty (or say belle)
to cause it.
the sin and crime of Hong zhi Li is due to
he cannot win his selfish of feeling,
so, he want to hurt humen being in maximum
before his ruin, to make up his unbalance in 
heart.
HOng Zhi Li know he will lose both fortune and honour
on the contrary,due to hurt a special women,
steal the wife and family member 

of other person(just your master),
(flushing with success for a period of time)  

not come to anything.
his plan: appeared in front of humen being 
like a saint, winner,
after suffer big hit, Hong Zhi li know
he will be defeated and lose the battle.
arrange the zeming jiang suppression him 
against his telling lie and revolt.
making arrangement
(in action, strategy, argument etc.) be diametrically opposed to
the Way of Truth (or say the way of universe)
the true, the good and the endurance
Changed the spirit of Falun Gong

【unselfish】,【love of unselfish】 to 

his buddha practice spirit:
Hong Zhi Li stealed my FA Lun Gong

say it is belong to him.
using superior power, through 
soul control to make it
This result of president selection

is making false by my relative in my
heaven world - Hong Zhi Li,
Democratic Progressive Party of TaiWan, 

Tsai Ing-wen

the result of president of Taiwan in January 2016，
is invalid
This rescript just declare:

the real president of Taiwan in 2016 is

just Eric Chu (ou Chu Li-luan)
TaiWan was still protected by the USA of Ming.
The taiwan is the territory of Ming Dynisty
in history in past time. So today,
the USA is derived from China Ming Dynisty
the life in USA todya is just the reincarnation
from China Ming Dynisty.
the TaiWan was protected by 
my America of Red and Blue yin-yang TaiJi
the thing in the flag in Sout Korea.
The real Master of TaiWan: Da chang Gu
the Saint of Polaris 
(the Name of the master of America 
in China and east world)
【The recript of China emperor】 

The Master of America
today I post a Letter I sent to Taiwan president palace,
you can read it to prepare our conterattack immediately
ted, your newsletter,

I has received, it is great, the obama is false president,
let us work toghter to fight the evil
And we're off. Superb performance from the @penguins to take Game 1 of #StanleyCup final  #LetsGoPens
13 down, 3 to go! The #Pens defeat the Sharks 3-2 in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final! 
#Way to go pens
@_JBB_5
6 thousandth retweet
yay!
Great win tonight looks like another get down and hard hitting series
@NHL @tsradomski12 Winner Winner Shark Fin Soup Dinner!!!
@Malcchiato death to the Sharks!
We got this Let's get it!

*sirens blare*
way to go, guys 
I give that one to our Console crowd. I couldn't hear you for a bit, then you came up loud and created awesome energy!!!  Go Pens
@JoeNYLaw The Sharks will prevail in the end.
Way to go Pens keep it up !!!!!!!!!
@pixelkitties @TheRealSibsy 3 to go!
thank god
One Down Go Pens Great Job Guys Go Pens!!!!
#LetsGoPens #BurghProud

huge win!  3 to go
Congratulations @penguins!!!  

#LetsGoPens  

#StanleyCup 

#StanleyCupFinal
way to go pens on a hard fought win
GREAT GAME BOYS!!! CONGRATS ON THE FIRST WIN...KEEP IT UP!!! #Pens #StanleyCup
@WilliamRodgers boooooo lol. Good game though. #GoSharks
hell yeah! Great emotions
Go Pens!
go pens!! 3 more to go!!! #StanleyCupFinal #Pens
Their party has been crashed, and…
hockey gods say the pens will take the cup
sharks ass
Goddamn my heart cant take this
YEAH!!!!
PENS WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
absolute domination. sharks can thank Martin jones for the game being close. just like vasilevsky in game 7 for tb
City of Champions!
YESSSS! One down!! Way to go Pens!!
way too gooo
We love you guys! Rest up and get ready for Wednesday. #HockeyIsLife
WOOHOO!!! Way to start this guys! :D
One game down @penguins 3 to go. #herewegopenguinsherewego
Sweeeeeeeet!!!! Great job guys. #StanleyCupFinal
@penguins
ELVIS IS "IN" THE BUILDING!!! AND HE IS GONNA KICK AZZZZZ!!!!

yeah boyeeeee
WOOOOOOO!!!!
Hell yeah! #LETSGOPENS
YAHOO WHAT A CLOSE ONE CONGRATS PENS WAY TO GO
BOOOOOOO
LETS FUCKING GO PENS!!!! 
way to go Pens!!!!!!!!!!
woohoo!!
hip hip!!!
WAS THERE EVER A DOUBT
early post?
spoiler af
Keep churning that butter, Brother Bonino. Keep on churning.
Leafs better
Is that why the Pens are in the Stanley Cup and the Leafs aren't?
