That bipartisan panel can get to the bottom of what the Russians did or did not do.
If the Russian government or its agents engaged in an effort to meddle in the U.S. election, they need to face serious consequences.
you need to investigate! Especially Trumps involvement!! Why has this not started yet. Get to work!
a little late Pat we all knew this before the election. Now we have a 2nd place POTUS that acts like a70 year old toddler!
Sounds like you can't get the intelligence agencies to cooperate. Maybe a giant hoax by liberal Clinton supporters.
Please ensure it happens & make tRump believe the results whatever they are.
And now? Still want an investigation?
what's the latest on the investigation?
@CarriWeatherwax better than that a bipartisan commission or a grand jury not subject to political games.
and then there's this.....whoops!
beware...fake news
That is not good enough for the residents of Pennsylvania and the American people.  This must be looked into immediately!
Great, but why are you not in favor of an independent select committee to address the issue?
Our nations democracy and democracy's around the world are at stake
"vigorous"
Thank you, we're all very scared.
What are you scared of?
I'm scared CIA & FBI will be perceived as partisan. Scared we can't trust our gov't to tell us the truth. @SenToomey
If PEOTUS won't trust CIA, we have a problem. I want to trust agencies to be competent as they protect us. @SenToomey
CIA and FBI have different burdens of proof.
I want to be guaranteed it's not partisanship. Only a bi-partisan investigation will fix this. Grateful to @SenToomey. @JadedCreative
This is not enough.  Independent Commission as Sen. McCain seeks.
Yeah, the Fourth Amendment is something we should protect from all enemies, foreign AND DOMESTIC!
Me too!  Why wouldn't all Americans desire investigation into hacking allegations by another nation???
Of course there must be a vigorous investigation. Why should this be in doubt? USA with a resigned sign accepts Russia meddling?
yet you don't comment on what was found in the emails? Pandering to the left are you?!!!
Like with Benghazi, we need a special bipartisan select committee to investigate this... not the standing Intelligence Committee!
nothing less than a permanent U.S. Senate Select Committee on Cybersecurity
No select committee? What could matter more than this 21st Century act of war? Please state clearly why you don't want select.
it's funny how people think Russia might have done something but DNC clearly was trying to rig it for Killary
This constituent thanks you, Senator. Please urge your colleagues to join you.
Finally something we agree on...I guess sovereignty of our democracy is where you draw the line...
also conflicts of interest MUST be uncovered. Promise was that biz interests would be in blind trust, and hasn't happened yet.
also, electoral college vote should be delayed until details become known, thus putting a sense of urgency on investigation.
this is a great start, and I thank you. We also need to investigate if people in the GOP campaign also directly were involved.
@HashtagGriswold Of course you are - you never investigated $$ Clintons laundered through their foundation from her Sec St Job?
As a person who votes Dem, I thank you. I don't need changes in the election but I do need to trust my government.
@ChrisCPandolfo hypocrites. When it's a GOP, it's time to get to the bottom of things.Where was Obama night on Benghazi?
@ChrisCPandolfo all hypocrites. Hrc had server less secure than gmail and no one cared.
@MattMackowiak That's good.
How about a vigorous investigation of the illegal alien votes that influenced the vote along with the Russian investigation.
-@SenToomey @FUNNAGAN Of course ur, it's run by GOP. How about a REAL investigation by independent comm., or is that only used against Dems?
Actually, it's most vigorously pursued against Clintons. Greater priority over #Russianhackers & US sec
You mean those Russian email hacks that Sean Hannity says are "liberal fake news"?  Hannity is a Bannon stooge

Thank you.
thank you, Senator.
thank you all those that are complicit in treason must be tried swiftly and unequivocally this can't wait
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!! This is too important for partisan politics. Your support means a lot.
Thank you very much, but can we get an independent non-partisan committee? Not the Intelligence Committee.
As a constituent who contacted you about this - thank you.
I can spell R-U-S-S-I-A,  I also know where Russia is on the WORLD Globe. PROOF, I'm a Russian Spy, maybe?
thank you, Senator. I'll stop tweeting you. For now.
I'm a constituent who called you about this. Thank you, Senator Toomey. This is a good start.
Bravo!
Pro-Trump Chair in charge that committee..Wrong answer. Need IMPARTIAL investigation Russian connection to trump NOW.@PSNMimi
Agreed.  This is a transparent attempt to bury the issue.  Bipartisan & independent review required.
I hope you'll also support a Secretary of State who doesn't pose as many conflicts of interest as #RexTillerson
Good. Now investigate Paul Ryan's hacking of OUR Social Security!
I'm a constituent who called about this. Thank you.
@AndreaChalupa @nytimes Why'dComey send Oct. email letter, knowing of Russian hack for Trump, but not tell public of hack motive?
@AndreaChalupa @nytimes Why didn't Director Comey immediately and directly call the DNC Chair in 9/15 to warn of Russian hack?
thank you- but an independent investigation would be better!
How about vigorously helping to build our wall and replacing O-Care instead? That'll be the day I suppose.
Thank you for your leadership. Please push harder. This is unacceptable! Our democracy is in jeopardy @SenateGOP & @SenateDems
Thank you, Senator.
I  thank you for fighting for our Countries greatest privilege Senator Toomey
@BR_DougFarrar I called this guy yesterday, coincidence? Probably.
Thank you, Senator. Please do not let this drop. It is a serious threat to American democracy.
Thank you!  Please save us from this #StolenElection
@LouiseMensch Vs Hillary Clinton server, wikileaks showing the world the depths of Podesta crimes etc.... #RussiaHacking? Lololol
False Flag. Drain the swamp
thank you for doing your job.. Thank you for putting country first..
Thank you!
thank you for standing up for our government in the face of foreign attack
thank you. I hope that includes investigating whether someone on Trump's camp was on contact with those who ordered the hacks
More excuses from the butt hurt liberals. Since election - riots- failed. Recount-failed. Intimidate EC voters-failed. Comeys fault-failed
And we need to scrutinize all of Trump's appointments with ties to Russia! Especially Flint and Exxon exec.
Not only a senat invstigation, but we also need a DOJ investigation and an ethics invstigation and Trump's taxes.
@AndreaChalupa Yes, be a true patriot. Fight for the integrity of America.
@meganliberman the Republicans just won everything they've wanted since the New Deal -- they aren't investigating anything
Thank you for speaking out on this issue, Senator.
wasting tax payers $ either way. We should be cyber secure to start and Hillary was just exposed for the crook she is.
Helping us trust our own institutions like the CIA & FBI is not a waste of $. It is precisely what I pay taxes for @SenToomey
@billy_penn Finally some common ground with Toomey
Read more. Keeping the investigation in the SIC is the way they look like acting wo/acting. SIC failed in Sep.
Where ever it leads? Will you follow it all the way and seek prosecution?
Electors can't do their duty without 1st being briefed. Realize u want him to get inaugurated so u can THEN impeach & play w your Pence, but
Sen. Intel Comittee were the ones who SUPPRESSED this info in Sep 2016. We need a NEW 9/11-style bi-partisan committee
Late to party Senator.?.... Hacking has been going on for many years... friends and foe... By all means, do some grandstanding.
@guypbenson You mean not just 17 red lines and a reset button?
Thank you!  This Russia hacking scandal demands full attn. I am horrified high level US officials failed to warn us of threat.
Thank you.  As a life long Pennsylvanian, I appreciate that you are putting country ahead of party.
"Maybe we helped a bit with Wikileaks" ~ Sergie Markov https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/09/putin-applauds-trump-win-and-hails-new-era-of-positive-ties-with-us … … …
@AndreaChalupa I am in favor of an investigation into Trump, his family, his cronies and Republicans who refused to inform people
thank you, Senator. Stay at this issue.
NO, Senator. Not enough. You must push for an INDEPENDENT, bipartisan investigation. And a full DOJ investigation. And NOW.
Was so easy to call MULTIPLE independent investigations into Benghazi; why so difficult when enemy state interferes w/ election?
thoughts?
126. Kremlin has file of compromising information on Trump, with surveillance videos taken while he was in Moscow, including in his hotel.
Thank you, Senator. I appreciate your response.
@AndreaChalupa We need an independent bipartisan commission to invest. If Russia hacked dirt, Cong w/hide.
@AndreaChalupa It needs to be a bipartisan special investigation with full public view so you can't hide the facts.
not good enough! It's important that investigation be conducted by special committee; otherwise gets buried.
Putin helps Trump because he'll lift the Crimean sanctions & Exxon/Rosneft can go & drill the Arctic. Putin gets Crimea & oil
you should start pushing for Trump's impeachment and trial.
Hope it's completed prior to EC Vote or postpone vote until complete. Electoral College can not vote with out full disclosure! #truthmatters
I appreciate this
to what end Senator? Every country has been meddling in other elections only this is more high tech. There are bigger fish to fry
@Kris_Sacrebleu thank you!!!!
You're a PHONY. Trump loyalists control SIC, so it would be a WHITEWASH! TRAITOR!!!!!! @AndreaChalupa
It's great to investigate how HRC team emails were obtained but their contents should also spur investigation.
Thank you but we also need CIA to declassify report so electors can read it. Also DELAY EC vote (12/19) until EC has full info.
YES
@tripgabriel how do u still have a job. Sigh.
good on you Pat, for seeing this is an issue for every American, not just those who feel cheated.
Good!!!
this is a start but don't think it means I'm going to stop calling your office.
Until you're not in favor of it, just like your sit-in with the democrats on forcing vote on gun control bill, then vote against.
Thoughts on the pick for Secretary of State and his ties to Putin?
