Diabetics are not able to afford their insulin. We need your help desperately Sen. Toomey!!! Please help address this matter.
and do nothing because your big donors, insurance lobbyists don't want it, so you chose them over us.
. @SenToomey what is YOUR solution. We can't get rid of something without a plan to replace
Luckily with the tax break you will be able to afford one more ER visit........ and yes Senator Toomey the Healthcare bills you championed only eliminated taxes without helping anyone's health
what is the solution? How does eliminating Obamacare help me keep insured? I need insurance I can afford.
replace with what? You can't create competition with an insurance monopoly! What is your answer? We need real solutions
Obamacare SAVES $$$. The govnt pays more when uninsureds need emergency care. Cheaper to insure them.
costs have skyrocketed, it will get worse, and insurance companies are asking for a trillion dollar taxpayer bailout
Really? Please do some homework and put on the thinking cap.
You are repealing asap w/ no replacement. I have preexisting conditions and you and your ilk voted it away in the dead of night.
Why don't you help unite the party behind Trump then?! You know what Clinton wants to do. Trump supporters will make or break you
Why Did you set it up to fail. If you really cared about us & our families you would've tried to fix it instead you complain
you and your family will lose your medical insurance..You will know what it feels like. Go Home Toomey. You're finished.
I cant vote for anyone who doesn't condemn Trump. I'm voting D all the way down
Probably thinks its the safest course to refuse to commit either way. But it won't work.
They were already skyrocketing before ACA. Are you really going to dump 20 million people off their plans?
Show us the replacement BEFORE repeal. So far it has been all GOP bullshit.
The devil is in the details.  I haven't seen a viable GOP plan!
what is the phone number for your philadelphia office?
Trump would solve it, jerk.
really?  you think Trump understands anything about business or healthcare? Or gives a shit about you?  Wake up.
Here's all you need to know, dick: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmRvl4Tc50I …
Trumps fighting to end the corruption in DC for the American ppl. By opposing him you help Clinton and betray your country.
Are you promising that rates will not be raised anyway?
Replace it with what?
I blame you and the #republican party for the problems with the #ACA
Unless you endorse @realDonaldTrump  I will vote 3rd party for Senate. 1st time no R in the box for Pa. Senator.
the Republicans never ever ever cared about healthcare. Why would we think you would start now. Go Home Toomey. You are done
Toomey is a traitor to Trump who should be voted out at all costs!! @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @TeamTrump
Replace which parts? Millions more have coverage, pre-existing conditions, children until 26? What's your plan?
still waiting  on that Republican alternative...  what have you personally done to alleviate this problem in the last 6 years??
not Dems, not republicans but ALL PEOPLE are losing because lawmakers will not tackle the real problems behind healthcare. $$$$$$
House Newt Gingrich worked with the Heritage Foundation on the individual mandate before changing his stance on the issue in 2011
1994, another Republican bill, titled the “Consumer Choice Health Security Act of 1994,” initially included an individual mandate
d, Health Equity Access Reform Today Act 1993 had 20 Repub co-sponsors-included an individual mandate
in 1993 Republicans who backed the alt individual mandate  claimed it was a “personal responsibility” to have health care.
in 1989 conservative Heritage Foundation published paper titled, “A National Health System for America.”mandating enrollment.
we just need to send Toomey to unemployment line. So hope Pat fails.
Put your $$ where your mouth is & back Trump. You are for Hillary and single payer--otherwise you'd back Trump. #Stoplying
So happy with my Obamacare as is my husband. Much better than Republican get-sick-you-die plan.
and what do you propose in return to ensure they have affordable, quality care?
No family should be forced to pay what they can't afford but they should pay what they can afford. Family health is good for all.
Can American deal with the cost of this, Pat?
One of Trump's fanboys, Pat http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/10/richard-spencer-trump-alt-right-white-nationalist …
You seem fine with this, Pat. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-27/inside-the-trump-bunker-with-12-days-to-go …
This is what you really want for the US, Pat?
you and your party of no and the orange clown have no plans and we know it. We are going to defeat you and party of hate
the cost has skyrocketed because you and your party are the biggest blockers of Progress. You and the party of no must loose
Perhaps the insurance companies need to stop charging so much. They could afford it, look at what they pay their top executives.
With what?
What did U expect, U voted 2defund! #DrainTheSwamp. Votes Party1st,NOT country/constituents.Voted 4sequester cut defense$,GI Bill
Pat win
Toomey says "I love my govt care that taxpayers pay for"
Toomey says "I Won't say that private Costs are rising too and The GOP don't Know WHAT THE HELL 2 DO ABOUT IT"
The Republicans can still replace ACA  in the lame duck session. Obama will surely sign it if you stop calling it OBAMACARE.
I will never vote for a republican again....ever.
. @SenToomey you and the GOP have obstructed ACA for years but have no solution. We #PA voters have had enough. Time for a change. Goodbye.
Are you aware that there are subsidies and cost-sharing reductions to make "#obamacare" affordable?
It's all about mitigating risk if we don't provide a public option for all. Read up on it:
Reinsurance ended this year, so the increase (not skyrocket) is expected:
16.4 million people are insured because of the #ACA - you want to take away my healthcare?
We're going to replace you! 4ever linked to Trump.
What is GOP plan? Still unclear.
No govt replacement. allow private sector competition. Govt ONLY messes up. What don't u guys get???
You need to end Obamacare and ensure that access to quality healthcare is available to all Americans.
ok, what are you proposing to replace it with??
Pat Toomey is a coward for not standing up to Trump
was designed to fail so along comes the feds to bail us out with single payer socialized health care, duh, you all fell for it
replace with what? The GOP doesn't have a plan.
BS. Costs would naturally rise ANYWAY. Stop scapegoating. At least, we are insuring ppl that otherwise would have...NOTHING.
Well gee maybe you should have actually tried to stop it.
a good start is replacing you for doing nothing
Sorry, but replace it with what? There is too much of this "replace #Obamacare" nonsense without proposing a better solution.
http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/editorials/20161016_Inquirer_Editorial__Katie_McGinty_for_the_U_S__Senate.html …
Not skyrocketing - that was when premiums were doubling every year under Bush. This works, and can be fixed, not nixed.
You and the #GOP have been pushing the same non-reforms for years and years. #hyperpartisan #DoYourJob
So, once again, I ask what the Republican plan is to replace Obama Care?  The silence is DEAFENING!!!!!
maybe if the GOP’s strategy was finding solutions instead of obstruction, you would’ve had a 2nd term. #toolate #goodbye
@SenateMajLdr Congressional GOP knew about ACA problems and did nothing but blame and gloat. They are responsible for fixing it
.  RT @dackerma1 @SenToomey @SenateMajLdr
I wonder if regulating health care companies and single payer to control costs would be better than just no healthcare like b4
What exactly is your health care plan? We never hear details. Obamacare is a step 4ward, but let's make it better.
I pay $5k in deductibles before I can even use my plan & I'm healthy so basically I have no HC plan, thanks Obummer
I'm glad you're healthy. So you won't need to pay your high deduct. At least u can't be denied coverage.
And this is good???Really! !!!!
