o stop the bull shit the biggest sharada fostered on this country is the do nothing Republican Party defeat the GOP register vote
You are nothing more than Bob Casey's patsy
but you can't vote against the party.  Go w your conscience.
Glad u voted Nay, We must protect  our 2A rights and realize that it's terrorism and mental illness that kills,  not guns.
What planet do you live on?
there is no middle ground. You work to make it harder to keep terrorists from guns or you don't.
You're the charade. You're out next election.
your party is the benchmark of partisanship for 8 years now. Your commercials on keeping kids safe Is a joke.you lost my vote.
then start voting in a bipartisan manner
You dare talk about bipartisanship when you would hold up crucial nomination processes for purely partisan reasons?
- either way the Congress has once again failed the American people
don't question why you get voted out. Listen to the people, not the #NRA
u and paul ryan need to stop the nonsense.  Support Trump
as the old saying goes, put up or shut up. Your constituents want gun control. Make it happen. Don't care how.
Damn it! Fewer than 1,000 Americans are on that no fly list. They can wait for a gun, can't they? For the good of the country?
.@iscuimhinliom @becketybeck @SenToomey if trump's evil spawn's smiles don't say it all ~nothing does
Pat, the BEST way to keep Guns away from Terrorists in The United States Of America, is to keep TERRORISTS Away.  No Refugees!!!
Thank's 4 denigrating FBI by supporting suspect terrorist's rights 2buy guns 4 killing. #DisarmHate #YaYyou
we the people will never believe anything you or any republican says ever again! what a despicable farce but you've been unmasked
I recommend you quit Twitter for your self-esteem and sense of self-worth. Try Instagram instead.
I am disappointed in you.
Remember that time you almost kinda grew a spine? After Newtown? I guess it was a temporary condition.
"Bipartisanship" and #GOP do not even belong in the same sentence.  #RememberinNovember  Vote @KatieMcGintyPA
Yes, but what was actually WRONG with the background check amendment?
But no bipartisanship on working on the tax bill.  That's right deficits only matter when the other party is in control.........
Go tell the parents of all the children, young and old that were slaughtered!Charade?Publicity  Stunt!You and your bunch must go!
we must stop using bipartisanship as an excuse for ineffective government. I know it is an issue, but be a leader.
better be working to pass on legislation or you won't be at Senator come next year
THANK YOU for your vote, now I have the courage to advertise for @KatieMcGintyPA on my properties.
you sold out.  Maybe next time you will be the one to dare to DO something.  In the meantime, I will remember in November.
Your time in Congress is the real charade. Keep cashing those NRA checks while you can. November can't come soon enough...
it's not about bipartisanship.  It's about doing what is right, Senator
if you cared anything about being bipartisan you would have passed legislation last night. Also, approve a court nominee thanks.
That's a crock and you know it.
Thought you were above the partisanship. Good luck coming back from this in November.
So that's a no to gun safety legislation!
you blew it yesterday I will NOT be voting for you in Nov You don't have the guts to stand up for my family against #NRA #Enough
There is nothing-literally NOTHING "extreme" abt BGCs for ALL gun sales. This could b a HUGE step forward. You are the partisan 1
I need REAL explanation on why u don't support universal BGCs @ChrisMurphyCT proposed???Tantrum when not yours? #VOTE something!
.@SenToomey I need REAL explanation on why u don't support universal BGCs @ChrisMurphyCT proposed???Tantrum when not yours? #VOTE something!
agreed. Charade. Shameful.
a sad showing on your behalf. Your constituents are ashamed of your vote and tired of your double talk.
You should know all about partisanship, you're a master at it. You knew your bill wouldn't pass with the Reps in the majority.
What is going on here, Senator? Are you really going to allow terrorists assault weapons? It sure looks like it.  @Bradybuzz
New gun Legislation wouldnt have made a difference in Orlando. Enforce the laws in place
You and your brethren are complicit in the death by gun of many Americans. We will #RememberinNovember
Then get voting! #bipartisan #RememberinNovember #DisarmHate #NotOneMore https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Senate_election_in_Pennsylvania,_2016# …
oh yeah cause it wasn't about #gunsafety or saving future lives  #remembernovember
Terrorist with guns, legally purchased is not a CHARADE shame on YOU
Then why did you vote no? Shame on you.
the guns in the #Orlando attacks were purchased legally.  Why did you vote against a bill that would have prevented it?
in the meantime, people will die bc someone didn't have to pass a background check to buy a gun.
You haven’t accepted money from the NRA since 2010. Good. Now be the one who tells the WHOLE truth. You have nothing to lose.
Boo.  Seriously.  Really disappointed.
what about the research the @CDCgov wants to do? Surely a bipartisan effort could at least approve that...
This is just more political BS. Kindergartners work more cooperatively. I've never been more embarrassed to be a Republican.
Let's not pretend this has anything to do with the second amendment. The NRA was pulling the strings.Ban Assault Rifles Now!
Funny that the guy who talks about bipartisanship voted along party lines. 

#Enough
We are done with all of you! Come November, the Senate & House will be cleaned out!
You are voting party over country. Please listen to your constituents.
If everyone agrees on keeping guns from potential terrorists, why not  be first party to propose it? Wrangle about the rest later
And you were part of that charade. Shame on you. #Enough #DisarmHate
we will all remember this on election day and I vote in PA you all just committed political suicide!!!
why did you vote no on background checks at gun shows if it wasn't pure partisanship? You take your orders from the NRA.
as the recipient of 1.3M from the gun lobby, it's hard to believe you on this.
if the GOP track record against gun control weren't so blatant, then maybe you'd be more believable. But nice try on the spin.
considering your own party is scurrying to figure out how to deal with #Trump, maybe now is the time to talk facts, not ehetoric?
Bipartisanship works when you vote for a good & decent bill proposed by the other side. Your constituents wish you would try it.
As one of your constituents I would like an explanation, other than "lacking bipartisan support" as to why you voted Nay on this.
Your response reeks of bullshit. You worry more about offending those who hump their guns at night than the majority of us.
no one believes you, you've never been trustworthy and please explain what "extreme background checks" are.
maybe your party isn't interested in bipartisanship. I think they are party blind and country foolish. #DoYourJob
more partisan charade such as blocking the #SCOTUS nomination and support of the #TrumpToomey agenda. #DoYourJob, listen to #PA
.@SenToomey btw, your political babble wouldn't protect us from the Adam Lanzas of this nation.
.@SenToomey Your political game is akin to the tobacco industry claiming that there is no correlation between smoking & cancer.
Shame on you. #RememberinNovember #DisarmHate
how will you stop people on the terror watch list from purchasing guns/explosives? 91% were successful in buying. #DisarmHate
.@SenToomey You're putting your hobby ahead of the reality that the NRA version of the 2nd, costs too many lives.
Your use of buzz words doesn't distract from your lack of respect for lost lives. Your gun hobby is just that, a hobby. ...
says the Senator who has received close to one million in donations from the NRA during his tenure in the Senate.
so why did you vote NO then @SenToomey?  What a hack.
You should recognize partisan charade. Since you are right in the middle of it. #voteMcGinty
Can you please explain why compromise & middle ground is needed to keep guns away from terrorists? What's the "against" position?
disgraceful votes on your part. You should be ashamed.
I'm Australian. I look at you and am thankful that in 1997, after the Port Arthur Massacre our politicians put politics aside.
it shows when you continue to vote along party lines and not for the people. November can't get here soon enough.
and you should grow a spine, shame on you #guncontrol
nice copout statement. Guess you think we're stupid to believe it. Can't wait to vote you out in the next election
you're a sad little man
Today's votes prove you & the @GOP are beholden to the @NRA, your reelections will be needing #thoughtsandprayers now.
Spineless, gutless GOP loser, a few more months for you.
What a cop out!  You voted the WRONG WAY senator!
Sorry, Senator ... you're wrong.  It's your faux time in the Senate that has been a charade. #StopGunViolence #guncontrol
True story, @sentoomey. And you were too weak to take a stance against partisanship with your votes yesterday.
Last night's votes were nothing more than a partisan charade. Today, bipartisanship is needed more than ever. 
agreed. What a copout statement.
And stop taking money from the NRA, you are part of the problem. Be bipartisan for the people of PA not the NRA.
Then maybe talk to the leadership of your party to make real change that the people want.
and what exactly is refusing to vote on the Scotus nominee?
the truth is that the Republican Party is too weak to stand up against the powerful gun lobby,
You literally voted to allow suspected TERRORISTS to buy guns. Don't talk to us about partisan charades.  We are well aware.
Buh-bye.
All I can say is keep fighting for the American people.
The USA can no longer facilitate the home grown terrorists' ability to perpetrate horrific acts against innocent civilians.
Thank you for standing up for the 2nd amendment rights of terrorists!
Go screw. You represented your financial interests, and not your constituents.
it is shocking that he's pro gun control in a state like PA. Might cost him the election.
.@SenToomey the @NRA has you by the balls too, eh?
released documents just revealed the @NRA "contributed" funds to his campaign
is just another @NRA puppet. Time to cut the cord. (Cc: @KatieMcGintyPA)
And if you must allow terrorist sympathizers the right to buy assault weapons, why not confirm the SCOTUS judge who is waiting?
.@SenToomey There is no "compromise" on allowing terrorist watch list members to buy AR15's.  You voted to allow terrorist sympathizers guns
vtd NO "To authorize the Attorney General to deny requests to transfer a firearm to known or suspected terrorists" Please explain
@mcall I will believe you’re for REAL gun control that 92% of Americans support when you stop taking $ from the NRA. #VoteMcGinty
Every day we get closer to the election. #GOP #insanity
shut the fuck up, loser
I hope you’ve decided against this use of a secret court to restrict people’s rights. It will cost you my vote.
