Political COURAGE? Like voting AGAINST closing the gun show loophole and expanding background checks? SHAME ON YOU
Trumprepublican #47traitors  Vote NO on banning GUNS. SAVE the 2nd Amendment Ban Muslims Deport11million Kill ISIS family members
we make progress by voting your ass out in November
, what happened to your 'political courage' today?
I am done, we are done with those of you who love guns. @KatieMcGintyPA here I come. #RememberInNovember
the only reason it has gotten worse is because our leaders haven't vetted the immigrants coming in. That is Obsma's fault
I don't support empty words. I will only support the reform which you failed to vote for. You won't be getting my vote in Nov.
Whatever makes you sleep better at night, Senator. Your votes are shameful! I will enjoy voting for your opponent. #LostMyVote
political courage would have been voting for the bill today
So do you want to require a judicial review to keep folks off of planes, or just to buy guns?
.@SenToomey What was wrong with the Background Check bill that you just voted against?
We will remember in November where you stood today and every day for the last 5+ years!  #buhbye
Sir - you failed.  You did not vote as a Leader today.  You voted as instructed by your bosses at the NRA and GOP bosses.
@SenToomey
why do you want to give up your rights and freedom so much?
then why do you pledge to block any Supreme Court justice nominee Hilary would put forward? Not progress and not bipartisan!
Your days are numbered. You stand with the @NRA and not the people of PA.
get corrupted politicians out of the way and progess will be made
#NRAOwned much?  You're the problem #enough
#DISARMHATE You should be ashamed
Thanks Pat. We won't forget you on Election Day.  Good luck in your new career.
you bow down to your NRA overlords
you should probably put your money where your mouth is. You failed the American public today.
It's shocking how you could have actually made a difference and just.... didn't. Its disturbing that you tell yourself you did.
Background checks.  Background checks.  Background checks.  Background checks.  Background checks.  Background checks.
Or we can stop taking money from the NRA. #Enough is enough.  Compromise is not the way to go.
okay... what legislation do you recommend? I'm a PA resident and I vote.
.@SenToomey I guess ~political courage~ doesn't mean voting in favor of stricter background checks does it? #IllRememberInNovember
I was going to skip the election in November. But now I need to vote, so I can vote AGAINST you.
I'm from PA and I'm ashamed of you for voting the way you did today. "political courage" I THINK NOT.
GREAT WORDS. Where's the action?
Your side apparently has neither the courage nor the political will to act when it comes to sensible gun restrictions.
we need you to vote for background checks. #DisarmHate
Clearly there was no bi-partisan efforts today. #epicfail #LoveIsLove #RememberInNovember
also this is a state issue - terrorism is a Federal issue - but appreciate you work!
most gun violence suicide; not sure I like the idea of the gate keeper being the AG
When are you & Manchin going to eviscerate the #5A for our own good
You need to understand the #2A I can educate you
-  No, we need YOU to vote for a ban now. Close the loophole.
YES on Feinstein..Yes on Murphy.. NO on Cornyn.. and HELL NO on Grassley #enough we need @KatieMcGintyPA
to be shed? How many more lives stolen from loved ones?  What if it were one of yours? Aren't Americans more important than NRA?
Blocking all together is not right but neither is 72 hrs!!!
DO THE RIGHT THING to protect the American ppl. We do not feel safe going shopping, Church, movies, malls. How much blood has
Worried re Constitutional rights for someone wrongly on #TerrorList? It's not terminal. What about those murdered? @maddow
Bipartisan means NO SPINE RINO
rings hollow when DOJ censoring the information about what happened. Are you a Quisling?
The FBI redacted the statements. It was not Obama. It was reported the FBI didn't want to give ISIS sympathizer a
Better get your GOP and Tea Party homeys together for these votes today. If these don't pass, you're screwed.
I really hope you are listening to the women of PA who want no fly no buy and universal back ground checks
Nice to see a late comer to compromise. The election is getting closer. Feel the heat! #GOP #insanity
vote "yes" on Feinstein & Murphy bills; otherwise u will confirm my suspicions of a posturing politician interested in reelection
Here's a super easy solution: No military assault weapons for public sale in the U.S. Period. Simple.  #EndGunViolence
Address the ideological problem of radical Islam. Stop muslim immigration. Leave our guns alone. Support Trump for President.
Right. We need to lift the restrictions on FBI so folks on radar don't ever commit. Also, we need to close the damn border!!
please vote for Senator Feinstein and Murphy amendments on gun control! #DisarmHate
@AMeansstotheend Okay. Then go destroy ISIS. In a bipartisan manner.
Not if compromise denies us our rights. If it is unalienable, you have no say. Say no to secret lists.
I remember Santorum tacking left like this - right before he became a former Senator.
Being on a no-fly list and having to wait for a background check. The 49 Orlando dead would prefer to have to do that daily.
Senator, it is very aggravating and inconvenient to be dead from gun violence. The congress is complicit by their inaction.
Too late Pat. You=Trump.
We are watching......We will simply skip the line that pertains to our vote for Senator in November if that is what we have to do
Please be reasonable.
If the vote fails, GOP will take its lumps 2x this fall for failing to try to stop gun violence and for failing to stop Trump.
