By creating a list of individuals, there is no due process. Traitor!
Thank you for being a voice of bipartisan reason in this debate #DisarmHate
enforce laws. Make those accountable to do so, & don't, unemployed w/out pensions. That make wake them up.  Fix root not symptom
No new gun laws
muslims have been banned by law since 1952. obey the law. problem solved solved about foreign terrorists.
you can't protect the 2nd Amendment by adding legislation which negates it.
ding   
I no longer support your candidacy. I will urge everyone I know to abandon you in November.
Constitutional rights once lost, are never regained. An elephant is consumed one bite at a time.....
Reasonable needs to be defined to be discussed intelligently within the context of DC vs. Heller majority opinion.
do what you fucking say you're going to do..You're just as much a part of the "logjam" as your colleagues
Congrats you have joined the Whig Party
This is a good start!
As a democrat and supporter of sensible gun regulations, I want to thank for your bipartisan work on this issue!
Thanks for violating your oath of office and the constitution for short-term political calculation. Will you also change party?
Thank you.
why don't you STOP caving and licking your balls and instead hold this admin accountable to uphold laws we have!  They've failed!
You concept of a "list" presumes guilt until proven innocent. And who gets to decide who's added to the list?... some bureaucrat?
What took you so long?
have you ONCE ever considered that not enforcing current laws is purposeful to enable these events so libs can go after #2A?
How many mistakes on the No-Fly list?  Name one!  What about rights of life liberty and pursuit of happiness in Preamble?
So what are the details? How to figure out who is a terrorist? If you already know who they are why don't we arrest them?
The one time we need the constitution tampered with is the one time we don't get it.
Too little, too late. All the dead wold be alive if you had done something with Sen. Manchin. You sold your soul to gun makers.
Brsides keeping guns from terrorists, make sure you keep the ammo too. Price a 30 bullet magazine at $15K. No more mass murders.
thank you senator Toomey  for at least considering blocking the sale of weapons to terrorist.
What is in the Senate healthcare bill you are proposing?
so much for that...
@JewyJewenstein TERRORISTS & CRIMINALS DON'T OBEY LAW! DO YOU IDIOTS THINK IF YOU PASS THE 10,000TH GUN LAW THEY'LL OBEY IT? NO!
I'm going write in Ted Cruz for PA Senator in November He's not a fool like you
Just so you know, the NRA is calling us at home lying! Telling us to call your office with your phone#. So wrong!
Thank You! I am from PA please do this.
safeguard life and liberty, protect citizens from assault weapons. Reagan and Ford did, so can you.
U do know that Weekly Standard writer Stephen Hayes was on the Terror Watch List U are a useful fool for the Democratic Party
Thank you, sir. I did not think you would show this courage, but love being proven wrong.
How about protect our rights and not introduce any more gun regulations?  This last terrorist attack was preventable if the FBI
Thank you.
What are you doing to keep the terrorists out of the country?. Have fun being unemployed next year.
Was Dylann Roof on a terrorist watch list? #filibuster
Anyone on watchlist should be banned and IF someone is accidentally on it; then speedy resolution case by case #enough
protecting LAW abiding citizens rights YES. Also protect us by enforcing mandatory checks and banning semi automatics
Thank you for your courage.
new found respect for you.
Thanks for working to make our gun policies a little more sane!
Oh! Those poor guns that will go unsold. Sad and lonely and awaiting the day that their buyer gets off the watch list.
Republican Supervoter here from Pat's Congressional district. I can't vote McGinty. But I won't vote Toomey. Sitting this one out
your losing my vote.
Thank you for being reasonable.  Hated you b4.  Voting 4 u now.
thank you for supporting Sen Murphy and considering gun safety
it's a only a first step by its in the right direction. Thank you
thank you for doing the right thing. Putting heart above party.  #Enough
And what about the Sandy Hook and Aurora shooters? We need comprehensive gun control! Stop pandering to tje NRA!
Thank you from your constituent!  #Enough We are watching.
Link us to what you proposed
thank you! I hope you vote YES on S. 551, a bill to close the “terror gap.” #enough
You have my heart-felt gratitude and admiration. Well done!
Are you on this list before or after being sentenced of a crime? You betray liberty for the sake of security.
of for for, Senator. You betray your own voters.
I'm am glad that both our Republican and Democrat PA senators can stand together on this issue. Thank you. #filibuster
Why Good People Should Be Armed
are known terrorists buying guns in USa stores? do you think we need to encourage firearm awareness for all not just gun owners.
PS Are you willing to go unarmed with no security? That's what you're about to force me to do. Why do you hate my Constitution?
Will more gun laws help when current ones can't stop criminals now? IMO no it won't. Criminals break laws. I defend #2A rights.
Thank you for your courage! Please stay strong in your resolve to do the right thing despite the backlash
http://www.federalobserver.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Gun-control2.jpeg …
Thanks for seeking bipartisan action for gun control. I am a Dem and applaud you for your efforts. Please do not stop.
thank you for joining @SenateDems  for today's #filabuster #holdthefloor 
Please know we appreciate and value your support here.
thank you.
will you be supporting proposals for background checks? how about restrictions on military-level assault weapons?
Your not my senator but thank you for being the only #republican to help #holdthefloor #filibuster
Thank you for having an open mind on this. #holdthefloor
ownership of assault weapons should not be legal. It is no more a right than owning RPGs.
great respect for you to stand out and do what's right, even if it's not popular.
Glad to hear it but interesting happening in an election year you may lose.
Thank for putting aside politics and focusing on a solution. Working together we can #DisarmHate
.@SenToomey
Thank you.
FINALLY, good lord. #holdthefloor
Thank you for having the courage to put what's right for our country ahead of partisan politics.
Ask a question #filibuster
thank you for your support for stronger gun control legislation
Please know PA voters are watching. This may help a tiny tiny bit. SCOTUS still need 9. People over party or you will be one term
thank you Sen Toomey
I hope this is the first of many common sense legislative changes we can expect. Thanks from your PA constituents!
thank you for being a voice of reason in the GOP. Sincerely, a constituent that supports the #filibuster. #holdthefloor
We are with you!!!  #filibuster
why not support the bill set forth by the democrats rather than starting fresh? end the #fillibuster
Thank you.
Thank you for doing this. I support your efforts in this regard and I support the #fillibuster.
You are in violation of your oath of office.
THANK YOU! #Filibuster #holdthefloor #Enough
we don't want compromise. We demand action. Assault weapons need to be banned!!!  #EnoughGunViolence  #holdthefloor @SenateDems
enough is enough. Ban all assault weapons now! Not what founders envisioned. 2nd amend even has word "regulate" in it!
Thank you for your support of sensible gun control legislation! #enough
good, well done!  Thank you sir.
http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=114&session=1&vote=00319 …
Do your constituents know about this?  You voted down a bill on gun control in Dec 2015
Thank you, Senator. Thank you.
@SenBobCasey Thank you for taking a stand on this issue.
thank you Senator for committing to work for a bipartisan solution to ensure our safety. Common sense must trump NRA agenda.
6 months ago, you voted to make it EASIER for suspected terrorists to get guns http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=114&session=1&vote=00319 … #PASen #papolitics @PADems
thanks for posting. Glad Toomey is doing the right thing now but his motives are clear. Political maneuver
highly disagree.Exec branch populates list-read IRS Conserv taxexempt scandal. To take away 2nd amend must have dueprocess 1st.
thank you! Your voters are watching and listening!
Thank you.
make sure radical terrorists like @stephenfhayes NEVER own a firearm. This is crucial.
Even the man has died, the Master can let him be alive again.
do you like the plan of your Master ?
The Master of America
Extra fee for any things that unexpected   $120,000

Total Budget $1,100,000
-6 Mystery power Master          1 person $200,000
-5 magic herbal Master             1  person $150,000
-3 Qigong Master                     1 person $100,000     

-4 Mantra Master                     1 perons $150,000
-1 Medicine Expert                   2 person $200,000

-2 Super Medicine Expert         1 person $100,000
(I know several extremely strong person in this field, 
but need to talk with them and establish trust at first)
It is the reason we must give them a salary 
at least like above, Even more!
If the person really own this skill, 
he can cure countless illness which our 
modern medicine has no methods to solve.
But the real master will be paid by the salary above.

These people are not common people.
(This salary will be a good advertisement for many young mans,
 encouraging youths to study and research this field as a career)
If I do this part work, only $50000 is enough, 
and if I teach some students later, 

their first year salary $50000 is enough.
-6 Mystery power Master (can cure the illness by motivating the
mystery power of universe)                             $200,000
-5 magic herbal Master(who can cure the illness by magic herbal) $150,000
-4 Mantra Master (who can cure the illness by mantras)   $150,000
-3 Qigong Master (who has JinDan Level)                       $100,000
Can solve the problem which the modern medicine cannot)   $100,000
-2 Super Medicine Expert
 (grasp secret method and unknown skill)
have special patent or medicine writings)                                                                   $100,000
Classes Of  Talents 

-1 best Medicine Expert (best doctor of world,
2 Medical software
 
(meridians prober used in USA,
some instrument and equipment) $50000
Main room for medical treatment     70sm
Tool and medical database area        40sm

Room for qigong meditation, mantras and spiritual therapy 70sm
1.4  Project Budget 
          
Office Rent 200 square meters:         $3000 

Foreground region                            20sm
Thank you!
thank you #EnoughGunViolence
Which laws do criminals FEAR breaking in criminal act? Answer=NONE. Criminals=breaking laws. Result of 1 more law? Crime still done.
Thank you
Thank  you so much...we want to believe the NRA doesn't own our GOP.
stop sending emails asking for my vote!  Never let a tragedy go to waste huh?
Traitor to the Founding Fathers.
Thanks for your past leadership on this issue. Please fight for universal background checks as well. #Enough
About time. What happened to your A rating by the NRA, refusal to ban high-capacity magazines, and support of shorter wait-times?
it's about time. 3 days is not enough for the AG to withhold ok to purchase.
I am glad you are doing something, even though you needed to be shamed into it. Now what about the hate in the GOP? #holdthefloor
Just in time, huh? How about a vote on the Supreme Court nominee?
Why tomorrow? Why not put aside partisanship & join those in the Senate calling for action now? Or are you not present?
And I see that you did indeed join @ChrisMurphyCT today. Thank you.
always respect our 2nd Amendment....which does not include terrorists, terrorist suspects, and convicted felons
Thank you, Senator. This is a great step forward. Why not also include background checks for those with criminal histories?
so do you support Mr Trump and all he stands for senator?
My Dad USMC Combat Vet said  'Anyone can do what they're told. Courage is doing what you believe to be right.' Good for you/us.
Looking forward to reading the details.
.@SenToomey Thanks for doing the job you were elected to do! ... How about a SCOTUS confirmation hearing next?
This measure will not do anything to prevent terror or crime, it will only restrict the rights of law abiding citizens.
Stop making it more difficult.  Your PA citizens deserve better.
.@SenToomey Thank you for trying to do something to protect American lives. Don't let those who fetishize the 2nd Amendment get you down.
Thank you. Can't wait.
Thank you!!
what took you so long to introduce this?
#doyourjob
Amen - PA resident Erie, and reg Republican . Support reasonable gun control.
THERE IS ONLY 2 THINGS YOU CAN DO WITH ANY DEGREE OF SUCCESS 1. SHIT 2.FALL BACK IN IT #SCUMBAG
don't stop until somebody investigated for supporting terrorism, calling the Boston bombers bros can't legally buy guns
Thank you for being brave enough to use common sense. Thank you!
Sounds good; take away civil liberties & rights based on suspicion instead of conviction all in name of security. #minorityreport
Thank you for advocating for #gunsense!  Your courage and leadership is appreciated! @MomsDemand @Everytown @sandyhook
agreed but can it make sense just not be feel good legislation!
and what about assault weapons??? #dosomething or get a new job in January
Thank you! We are watching. We are listening. #PennsylvaniaStrong I owe you a cheesesteak. ;-) #holdthefloor
Uhhhh......why are terrorists here to begin with?
Your office lied about your previous gun bill, no way I'm trusting your word on this one either. @SenToomey
why do you hate the 2nd amendment
it's not, I'm just giving the senator a bit of what hes given others for years
terrorists? Should they not be just arrested, jailed I do not think they are gun shopping at start??
