Did you say this when Reagan abstained 7 times? Why not?
"Indifference"? More like outright pro-Muslim anti-Israel antisemitic
hatefulness by history's worst President!
,@SenToomey pandering 2 Israel just to take shot @POTUS dsn't look good. Try pandering 2ur constituents. Might look btr #TuesdaysWithToomey
shut up about being ChristiansI. Obama,and all the other deflection from the fact that trump is a treasoniatc maniac
yes just like you capped off the same eight years by selecting a lunatic and pussy grabber
Netanyahu did this not Obama.
When are you going to respond to trumps insanity. He is creating treason with Putin.
how about that huge gift of weapons? Stop lying to America Toomey.
PBO has supported the safety of Israel more than any Prez. The steel dome. No we don't support taking others land.
Crazy. US have been supporting a 2 state 4 years. Just cause the Israel PM has decided he's against it doesn't change US policy
clearly toomey doesn't have an understanding of what it was all about.
You need to stand up for your people in PA rather than sucking up to @realDonaldTrump . You know his choices are not good for us
what is appalling is not getting behind an investigation. GOP is showing what traitors they truly are. back Mccain
even our greatest allies have to compromise, which is something they'll never do with  Netanyahu in power.
alliance has been one sided as of late. what benefits do we get from close alliance? Bibi crossing some lines w/potus
Tell them to treat Palestinians like people then. The historic victim has turned into the victimizer here.
Maybe the people in the US are sick of seeing civilians bombed enmass.  Women and children, and elderly.
maybe a course in history will lighten your hate filled heart, naaa, your hopeless
Obama was wrong not to stand with Israel, it looks like he supports the murder of Jews. :-(
Why don't you call out Obama the racist for committing or parole of dangerous black drug dealers.They broke the law!
Call his office everyday and often to get an answer regarding his ethics vote: (412) 803-3501
If there is ever to be a political solution to this conflict, it must be two states. Settlements fan the fire.
if indifference means giving Israel millions in aide then Obama & other politicians are guilty.
another right decision by a true leader with a level head, that understand the meaning of Peace and diplomacy
"Indifference
@DocWashburn POTUS caps off 8yrs trying to weaken &destroy our Christian nation. Stop funding UN &refugees. USA first.
Christians are not the only ones in the world.
#Great allies don't attack an American ship off their coast
Israel is a terrorist state. Let them survive if they can without our weapons.
@realDonaldTrump  STEALING PROPERTY &DENIAL of right to TRIALbyJURY http://wh.gov/isEhH  #DefundPhilaNow
The Middle East is not just Israel there are other players, time for you Senator Toomey to respect all the residents.
the billion plus Muslims Israel pisses off by oppressing & massacring Palestinians makes it a really great ally.
It didn't take Repbs long to turn on Trump. Roads bridges falling apart. Yet, congress doesn't care about cost overruns!
Forget your opinion, just tell us what Putin thinks. Follow your leader. @SenToomey
bullshit
among other countries, Venezuela condemns Israel. If this isn't the height of irony, I don't know what is. End the @UN
Wrong.  Why give Israel an uncritical and naive pass on human rights violations?
First order of business: join Lindsey Graham's call to defund UN & pass resolution in Congress condemning UN action.
So now it's time to defund UN when Trump takes office; Obama finally shows himself 2B true Israel hater; good riddance
Senator Toomey, You are absolutely correct in your comments
@RichLowry @UN Israel our only true ally in Middle East.Shares our values & idea of a free democracy,and doesn't want to kill us
you are saying an ally can never do wrong?  Or are you saying wrongdoing should be ignored?
@RichLowry @UN @POTUS The guy acts like a spoil brat. Someone asked "WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON" TOO much MADRASSA influence.
@RichLowry @UN @POTUS ...as he simultaneously gives  @Israel it's largest amt of mil gear ever solidifying our commitment to her
It's consistent with @POTUS's determination to do as much damage as he can in the time he has left.
@CHSommers @UN @POTUS is the President an ISIS member or an American leader??  Discuss
From the people who put Saudi Arabia as the head of the human rights council.
Shows the direction of the UN is going in the wrong way
its Palestenian territory. 
Find a 2 state solution
@RichLowry was this in any way different than 51 times Nixon, Bushs, and Reagan let resolutions pass condemning Isreal?
'All of our allies'!!
@RichLowry @UN @POTUS it's time to get America out of the UN and the UN out of America.
@RichLowry @UN @POTUS no, it's long overdue
@RichLowry @UN @POTUS #defund the UN.
@RichLowry Evil has run loose long enough.
@DJ_Porkchan @UN @POTUS an alliance runs both ways. In this case, US has done most of the heavy lifting.
They need us, we don't need them.
Hit the UN where it counts. NO FUNDS.
the middle east is one of the complicated situations in the world I'm glad our pres got that and I hope you do someday
As PAan, I am appalled by your parroting of propaganda. Any reasoning, decent person knows settlements are problematic
Unique strategic partnership doesn't mean rubber stamp everything even when it causes regional strife, gross injustice
Isreal needs to stop building these camps. There will never be a solution while they bully the Palestinians.
Disagree. Israeli settlements antagonist an already marginalized people and encourage extremist attacks in response.
UN is actually working to promote peace (which Israeli settlements in Palestinian regions undermines) in the region!
Fascinating. peace? Please. Try again.
With all due respect, our indifference to the suffering of the Palestinians is appalling.
Suffering? Increased GDP? Kleptocratic abuse of @UN ? Please ... knows better.
.@SenToomey, so it's plain you're on the @realDonaldTrump bandwagon. Let's see how that alignment affects your political career.
In Pennsylvania? It will work very well! Let's line up and see how the next election goes!
when did you begin to support Israeli settlements on the West Bank? Name one POTUS that ever supported that position.
They are the only democracy in the middle east and we treat them how?
Another brain dead tweet by Senator Toomey.  You tend to wake up at the wrong times.
"indifference" ??
so much indifference they have them Iron Dome
