stop paying and propose legislation keep guns out of the hands of terrorists.
Why haven't you voted to ban terrorist from buying guns?  Oh that's right, The NRA opposed it.
Shame on you, Toomey, for representing PA and voting against banning gun sales to suspected terrorists.
Will you stop associating with Christian fundamentalists who espouse violence against gays? Or will you keep pandering to them?
Thoughts and Prayers don't save lives.  #DisarmHate #EnoughIsEnough #takeaction #Filibuster
maybe it's time to #DoYourJob. Stop sucking at the tit of the NRA! Do what is right and fight for meaningful gun control. #enough
I am happy to see you were one of the few (R) Senators who voted to keep guns out terrorists hands. The rest should be ashamed.
@SenBobCasey will you act to END public access to assault weapons? Please act NOW, work w ALL colleagues in Congress #NotOneMore
inaction to prevent gun violence on your part is a political policy, a #TrumpToomey policy. When will you chose to support #PA?
condolences and prayers are not helping the victims. When will it stop?  Take action to ban assault weapons now!
politicians are powerful people who often choose indifference. It's time to choose action and change laws instead of just prayers
.@SenToomey Prayers and condolences won't stop the next mass shooting, but common sense gun laws will. #EndGunViolence
why can't we treat guns like cars? Specific licenses. Tests to obtain. Registrations & follow up. Safety classes.
Send your apologies for voting against the assault weapons ban instead. You are #complicit
How fucking dare you. You opposed giving those people basic rights & then you opposed making the weapons who killed them illegal.
*that killed them
Will you support banning ARs? Ensuring background checks occur? If you vote against it, I'm not voting for you this year.
Maybe you should be praying that @KatieMcGintyPA doesn't rightly beat your ass this November.
please extend your condolences to the LGBT community & support common sense gun reform. Signed, your constituent
I read your comment to the press. Thoughts and prayers are not preventive actions. What else do you have? #nomore
I'm sure they want condolences from a P.O.S. that voted AGAINST a ban on assault weapons & who regularly opposes #guncontrol
Pray for your re-election.Hint:You voted down the ban on these weapons then you pray for the victims? Does anyone see logic here?
will you be signing legislation too for stricter background checks and the criminalization of assault weapons? #StopTheHate #nra
Pennsylvanians do not want to live in fear of assault rifles, please sign legislation to ban them.
You voted against a bill that would have prohibited those on a watch-list from purchasing guns. #DoMoreThanOfferPrayers
Instead of extending your condolences you should voted yes on the ban of assault weapons.
Do something in Congress - enough inaction
I am a gun owner, and I beg you As my senator, to take action and ban all Semi Automatic weapon sales.
@igorvolsky
condolences but no action to resolve gun violence in the US. More #TrumpToomey policy. When can we expect your support & action?
.@SenToomey False sympathy at a moment that needs action is shameful. Support gun control and do your job.
.@SenToomey Remember when you voted against the assault weapon ban in 2013? This tragedy could have been preventable if you weren't a coward
.@SenToomey Most mass shootings are committed with assault weapons. Your inaction means you're complicit in the perpetuation of gun violence
.@SenToomey If you are not prepared to enact legislation to protect your constituents you are unfit for office.
.@SenToomey It's a disgusting display of selfishness and cowardice to offer condolences for a culture of gun violence that you supported.
You should also be advocating for more CDC research on gun violence and working to enact stricter gun laws. #takeaction #Orlando
what will you actually do about it? I'm a PA resident and I vote.
And yet you voted against preventing terrorists from obtaining guns. You're a hypocrite and a coward.
r u rly bc u voted YES to the constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage and u also have an A rating from the NRA
so really u should just feel guilty and ashamed
NOT ENOUGH
We want more than your condolences. Get AR-15s off the streets. You are in a position to take real action! Do the right thing pls
PRAYING IS NOT ENOUGH! put your words into actions & support common-sense laws towards guns
What policy action will you support or put forward to ensure these types of horrific shootings not continue to occur?
You voted against the ban on assault rifles. Your words of condolences mean nothing. If you ask me, you have blood on your hands.
stop praying and start acting.
You voted against a ban on assault weapons. This inaction makes you an accessory to these murders. Do something NOW to stop it.
Then ban assault rifles!
condolences and prayers. Can't wait to look up how much money you've gotten from the @NRA
YOU  had the power to limit access to the assault weapon he used, but u DIDN'T. Cuz NRA votes r more important than human life.
.@SenToomey that's it?  How about banning AR-15 rifles?  How about serious background checks? How about getting .@NRA under control?
By an assault rifle you COULD have banned, but didn't. Purchased even tho he was on a watch list- you COULD have made illegal.
You voted against the assault weapons ban. Therefore your condolences could not be more futile. #shameonyou #WearOrange
.@SenToomey Do more than offer prayers. Support laws banning these weapons of mass destruction.
"I am one of only a handful of people who could do something to prevent this, but I won't." #TrumpToomey
Pat pat. Enough praying, pass meaningful gun control legislation! Katie MaGinty is going to pummel you in November!
You extend your condolences but won't say no to the sweet, sweet gun lobby money.  #TrumpToomey
DO NOT use this as a reason for Gun Control We shall not be disarmed by any means that shall make us ALL SOFT TARGETS
Say it Loud:
Dear Lord, give me the strength to stand up to @NRA & pass legislation to reduce gun violence
so you're doing literally nothing but tweeting about it then
Canada had 8 mass shootings in 20 years. The US had 7 since Monday. Maybe your opposition to gun control is part of the problem.
are you proposing legislation to limit access to guns or nah?
Not enough.
what are you actually going to do to help the situation though, Pat? Nothing, I presume.
That would be a great response from a clergyman. From a politician it is just pandering. What will you do to prevent this?
