Then fix it
Fact-check: The GOP bill ends funding for Medicaid expansion in 2024, and bill’s additional cuts projected to reduce coverage for millions.

Hot off the press! The Senate Health Reform Bill Slashes #Medicaid Severely. See new PPI blog: http://bit.ly/2sz08fh  
The defense budget seems to prove this incorrect.
FACT: As long as the GOP is beholden to Norquist's pledge, Koch priorities, we can not trust any GOP member to be honest or help USA
NO Medicaid for UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS!! NO anchor babies paid for with my hard earned money.
Deb- this bill doesn't fix that it makes things worse for American citizens and more. Let's talk about health care - not personal politics.

Yeah, you already tweeted that.
Too bad you don't remember when Irish and Italians were hated, spit on in the streets, refused housing, jobs
No I don't but family members do. That was when there was NO Gov support. You worked and assimilate. No help learning English either.
My cuz people came from Yemen to Michigan, lots of resources in the 50s!
I'm talking 20's, 30's...then they were shipped to war in Europe to fight for the Blosheviks.
You wouldn't be supporting this if this was an election year for you. So maybe you should re evaluate your vote.
https://maplight.org/story/senators-drafting-secret-health-care-bill-backed-by-insurance-and-pharma-campaign-money/ …
How about a town hall that's NOT on Facebook live? #areyouscaredofus?
You're position is not sustainable in it's current form.
I thought you were against abortions? Because your supporting this one.
#not true!! Lies#
Even if that's true, you're not trying to fix it, you're just severing healthcare for folks
I would pay you to explain in person why we should cut Medicaid to my family members who are on Medicaid. This is heartless.
Also not sustainable? Cutting taxes for Toomey's wealthy donors while cutting healthcare for 23,000,000. People can't work when they're sick
Toomey, Trump, and all of the GOP are breaking campaign promises by cutting Medicaid. They lied.
The Republicans who want to cut SS & Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! https://www.donaldjtrump.com/ 
I look forward to discussing healthcare with Senator Toomey at his town hall an aide promised me for August.
August of what year?  I wouldn't bet on it.
I've read all this BS & the GOP is lying. Sick and tired of it. Medicaid must be expanded. PERIOD  Watch out for 2018, repercussions coming.
hasn't the military grown faster than the rate of the economy?
Tax. The.  Rich.  Medicaid is sustainable.  US Defense spending is not.  @SenToomey #ResistGOPcare
So in your simple mind, the answer is to just cap payments? 
You Rs always have $ to bail out Wall St ,War, tax cuts & handouts to corporations. But for the safety net it's cuts,cuts,cuts.
How about addressing health care costs, Senator? That's the real issue. Cutting people off from health care is not the answer.
If Medicaid is unsustainable then why are you stealing $800mil to give tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans? Your priorities are warped!
Changing Medicaid into a program that doesn't cover people is a strange definition of sustainable
Then give us something better not worse
So instead of fixing it you are going to cut 800 billion. Are you expecting praise for that?
We're not dumb senator.  You're taking money from social safety nets and giving them to the wealthy in the form of tax breaks.
The only thing not sustainable for PA is you senator. Your personal agenda is only harmful at best.
So taking away the funding for Medicaid via tax cuts will help fund it?
Fake Healthcare will kill real Americans. #Trumpcare is like Trump  Steaks -- an inferior product at an exorbitant price. #Wealthcare
You want to give tax cuts to people who don't need them by taking Medicaid from people who need it. You have to see that, yet don't care
You should work on controlling healthcare COST.
How do others countries do it?  I guess there is not campaign contributions taken into account. U do well for urself,  Pa people well????
Yes it is, raise taxes on the super rich. Instead of taking more from the poor. Coward.
So let's try to fix Medicaid!!! Cutting $1b so that healthcare CEOs pay less taxes is not fixing Medicaid. It's disgraceful
Your fellow Senator from PA, calls the bill a "scheme". So who is right, Patty boy? Which one of u truly represents Pennsylvanians?
Hey Pat, we all know u r just a shill for big corporations. u aren't fooling anyone. Nice try tho, sport!
If medicaid is not sustainable in it's current form,  change it!
Town hall it up and let's see how you really justify this to your constituents like me. Keep lying to the public.
Neither is war mongering in the middle east and africa.
So poor people are expendable, but the rich deserve a tax break? I am an atheist and have greater morality!!
Sounds like its Grown Faster than my Cola on My SSDI... WOW,... Who Pays for SENATORS Medical Care
How will this bill affect drug dependency and mental health considering PA is riddled with problems right now??
FACT - you are a heartless KILLER. FACT - you want to give a huge tax break to the super rich. FACT - you have been bought.
If you guys would raise the minimum wage to a living wage we wouldn't need as much Medicaid!
Obviously you don't listen to the voters in your state. This bill will put back lifetime limits and effect employers insurance. Vote No
BS - your middle name.
As you are the author of the American Health Cut Atrocity, you know you're lying. Please resign.

Also according to the CBO, #Trumpcare will result in millions losing health coverage.  #MythVsFact #TrumpcareKills
It would CUT MEDICAID. That doesn't help anyone but you and your rich buddies who would get a tax cut! You're disgusting!
Everything is sustainable. You just need to do your job and sustain it.
No one is listening to you pat. Sellout to the American people. Look  in the mirror!
Maybe if the Repubs had not neutered it, it would be. Also, when are you doing a town hall? Or did they take your nuts too?
Private health insurance also grows faster than the economy, Medicare grows slower #Medicare4All
When did you become a partisan hack? The Pat @SenToomey that I knew growing up in PA was better than this.
The government is not sustainable in its current form. Yall on some BULL. SHiT.
Neither is an additional 54 billion in military expenditure but you'll never say that would actually be a fiscally responsible statement.
It's far more sustainable than permanent war.
@SenToomey is not sustainable in his current form. Learn more.
Of course.
It is always good policy to fail to fund an initiative, then blame its failure in the initiative itself. Not logical or right
Are these graphics what you were working on in secret for so long?
If this bill is about saving money from a currently unsust. prog.,why are the savings from it already spent on planned tax cuts for rich?
Nothing is sustainable, except more tax cuts for the rich.
Lie by omission. It is growing at the same rate as other medical costs. It wouldn't be like this if your GOP allowed CMS to negotiate prices
Typical GOP logic: Medicaid is unsustainable so let's just gut it. And get those wheelchairs out of @SenateMajLdr's office!
Emergency care MUCH more expensive  (which hospitals...and, therefore, taxpayers) obligated to provide then preventative care via Medicaid
We pay one way or another.  Medicaid cheaper and more effective in long run than #AmericanDeathCareAct
More tax breaks for the rich, higher premiums for middle class and nothing for the poor
Please start by explaining how huge cuts for the wealthy, for insurance and pharmaceutical executives is sustainable?
Medicaid is the SLOWEST growing insurance provider. You're argument makes more sense for ending all private insurance. Single payer?
Then push for single payer health system and we can join the rest of the civilized world.
So by going on a "sustainable fiscal path" you are going to stop funding it, & u say that won't affect people? How? #NoTrumpCare #coward
Medicaid reform is a bipartisan issue. Not a backroom,no hearings type of issue. Not 1 coupled with tax cuts to the rich. We see you. #2018
No one argued it was, which is why they've been working to fix it, not abandon it, for years.
Well I guess it can't be when all your rich cronies are getting tax cuts!  YOU'RE IMMORAL!
let's stop fighting multi trillion dollar wars and giving corporations 0% effective tax rates, and individuals like Trump first.
In your world maybe, where tax cuts for the rich and corporate welfare are fully funded.
Your job is 2represent American citizens- do u understand that? ALL of them. Not 2increase profits+income for billionaires and insur co's
Why aren't millionaires' tax cuts unsustainable? 
Maybe if you weren't giving tax cuts to the wealthy there would be money for Medicare and Planned Parenthood. 2018 is closer then you think!
Sadly, he has until 2022.
My mistake. PA. has to put up with him for 6 years. Yikes!
Let's hope that the middle-schoolers he's screwing over now live to vote him out when they turn 18.
My daughter will be 18 in two years, she is salivating at the chance. Was part of the sit-in at his P'Burgh office this weekend. Damn proud
Would you be willing to say this at a town hall?  I would love to hear you defend this to the people who will be affected like my daughter.
So please inform us as to your expert(s) on Medicare/ Medicaid that were your consultants.
Shame on you Toomey. Your "healthcare" bill is farce and you're a partisan hack! Vote no on Trumpcare! Put America before your party!
That is probably the single truthful thing you have said. But the fix isn't going to come from 13 old men with zero experience with Medicare
I can assure you , you have zero grasp of what the root of the problem is.
As opposed to a poor schmuck like me who has worked with Medicare since 1991
Myth vs Fact: is Pat Toomey working for / paid by the people of PA or the Koch Brothers?
Just because you say these are FACTS, doesnt mean they are. Your facts are based on discounting CBO reasonable assumptions.
Once again, it is hard to believe anything you say when you hide from your constituents.
Instead of real reform, like ACA which helped slow growth if not enough, you're just going to not provide funds for poor & sick americans
Actually what is not sustainable are the costs the private insurers would be allowed to enact under this bill.
It would be more believable if you weren't funding tax cuts with the "savings". If you kept the taxes is it sustainable?
So why are you cutting taxes on the WEALTHY when such a needed service is in jeopardy?
GOp has mismanaged Medicaid.
Sir, if that is the case, then giving tax breaks to the affluent makes even less sense. Those blessed with more should help more.
It is insane that you are justifying cutting Medicaid and addiction treatment in the middle of an opioid epidemic. Stop lying.
Where would you like the disabled and elderly to get help? What about the fact half the children born rely on it? Some pro-life position. 
IDK what amazes me more. The fact that u continue to think we can't fact check what u say or the fact that ppl continue to believe/support u
agree, but tax cuts for the rich while making healthcare more expensive for everyone else doesn't fix anything.
HMMM, MAYBE RAISE TAXES ON THE WEALTHY TO OFFSET COSTS? WHAT A GRAND IDEA.
So this won’t take effect until after we vote you out of office? Cool!
If you really believe in this bill, meet with your constituents and listen to their concerns. Don't tweet. Meet.
... uh, no one's claiming it is?? What we're claiming is that the proposed fix is the wrong way to do it.
Hard to talk fiscal sustainability when tax cut on capital gains/dividends are *retroactive* in this bill. Makes rich richer; that's all.
Will you tell patients struggling with addiction that there is no longer any coverage for their rehabilitation treatment? 19518
VOTE #NoAHCA and work with the Democrats to improve the ACA. Call it whatever you want, hundreds of thousand depend on Medicaid to live.
#fakenews
This is the cherry on top of screwing all the people you conned into voting for you.
Pat.. reality testing is not your strong point is it?
How about you help get a "better" healthcare plan in place before you screw over millions just to give your rich friends tax breaks?
@SenToomey your office line is busy and your voicemail box is full. I think you have some constituents to listen to.
So fix it. Do not take away it's funding. Wake up!!  Single payer healthcare for all paid by all.  Even the wealthy should pay their share!
So your solution is "Just gut the f**cker and give the money to the rich?"

Awesome plan, Pat.
Ok, what have you, or the Rep party done to make healthcare better for ALL Americans. You did a lot of complaining, but nothing positive.
Why is there a huge tax cut for the wealthy than in the plan?  Why are Congress and senate exempt?  Pay your own way like I do
I'm beginning to think you actually believe in this garbage that you've put your name to. Shame.
I'd like to hear you explain this face-to-face in a town hall soon.  And not one that is "invitation only" like some of your peers
One of his staffers told me he'd help a Facebook "town hall". Pathetic that he doesn't have the balls to face his own constituents
So let's just cut funding by 40% and give CEO's making more than 500k kickbacks   #AnyoneButToomey2022 #ILiveIn15108
Oh! Oh! <desperately waving hand in air> I KNOW!! Let's give tax cuts to the rich ... oh, wait.
Bull. It is probably the most efficient health-care delivery system we have. But you'd rather fiddle  while Rome burns!
PA has a long memory. We'll remember this in 2022. And I regret ever voting for you in 2010.
Why don't you first cut your pay or maybe  we should stop for your #aca . You are the welfare queen
Fact: Your vote for this sttack on the elderly and children will loose my vote
Thank you Senator for putting forth some sanity. Perhaps your associate @SenBobCasey can do the same instead of spreading hysteria and fear.
Sane facts? You mean cherry picked half truths. If you listen to the experts on this you would see that this bill will hurt you too.
Fact: US has widest economic gap in any developed country. Giving tax cut to top 1% thru this bill is not helping. Koch bro buddy.
Of course it won't b sustainable if u pillage it. Those $ belong 2 the ppl! we pd hard earned wages/taxes in. hands off!
You can not reference a single 20 yr old letter and CBO score from house bill to have a myth/fiction discussion of your bill.  I call BS
we are no longer virtuous or righteous.we have become lazy and dependent.Not caring for our neighbors and our republic. we deserve to fall.
so you'll support the CBO score when it is issued and not disparage it?
Excellent point.  CBO only good when he can exploit for agenda.
Here, fixed it for you #Toomey. Medicaid is not sustainable in its current form when you want to give that money in tax breaks to the rich.
I completely agree but we need an effective solution, not one that just cuts Federal contributions & dumps the problem on states to solve
Keep cutting taxes for wealthy &  Wall Street.
you are heartless and I will campaign like heck so you never see hold another public office.
Other not sustainable things? Truth in that graphic #totalcrap ; also, your political career.
So we, the richest country in the world, are the only developed country that can't provide public health care?  That's not logical.
That is NOT a fact.
How are you going to keep nursing homes open, jackass?
Just let me have my Real Insurance I had prior to the ACA with a pre existing condition and I and my Drs will be happy!
What Sen. Toomey means: We can save Medicaid by refusing to cover anyone. Pull yourself up by your bootstraps. I've already got mine.
I call your BS, @SenToomey. Medicaid has a surplus that can currently last over 20 yrs without adding $ to it.Stop lying.Start representing
You are an embarrassment to PA
Right. That's why we can't cut taxes on the rich and expect the working class to survive. #HealthcareBill #ProtectOurCare #ToomeyTheTool
Then fix it with bipartisan work! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Bc this is not ok! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
what about the people?
