Why should we believe anything you say?  You are a part of the Trump Big Lie Machine. #LiarInChief  #JustOneOfTheSheep
Please give me an answer, do you know how much you can make a week before you don't qualify for Medicaid? I bet you really don't know it.
Support 2015 #Obamacare Repeal bill that Obama vetoed
@GovernorTomWolf  what protections are in place for Pennsylvanians in the event of either a full repeal, or a repeal and replace?
In DC Mon. July 17th protesting to advocate for REAL Healthcare. Lots of Senators came out. Why not you? Scared of being Booed not an excuse
You really think this is true?  You told us Medicaid was unsustainable, so how is there money now?
You are distorting the facts to support a bill opposed by nearly every major healthcare organization.  We won't forget your vote on this.
$50Billion, huh? So that's only what, something like $70Billion less than the projected amount of money Medicaid needs to not fail?
I can't wait to vote against all incumbent. You are useless to sit by and not defend America against the traitor president.
Repeal and replace Obama care now! No mandatory health ins. Let doctors accept HSA
. You do know HSAs are unaffordable for most without employer provided insurance,  right?
I know ur lying bc ur mouth is moving
You are a bad person.
Give it up Pat
Lmao
Get the memo? Country & Senate to Toomey...your plan is crap.
This is not "fixing" Obamacare. #BetterCare ?
This is the CBO score Pat. Might wanna read this.
Each version of the @SenateGOP scheme is worse than the one before it, and the CBO confirms it. https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52939 …
Myth: everything you say about the R bill that will destroy lives. Fact: you will never hold this office again.
100% False. Typical @GOP defense of #TaxCut4Rich, not one single shred of truth. Sickening.
.But the latest scored version cuts $575B from Medicaid and creates baseline deductible of $13k. How does this help Pennsylvanians?

Health care protest outside Toomey's office. Chants of "Shame, shame" and "Don't kill me, stop the repeal." 
And these adults work for companies that offer zero for medical care. They are people that work and deserve HC.
Since you have such a great history with honestly I'll definitely believe your self made FAQs #Liar#TrumpCare
Patrick Toomey received $354,616 in campaign contributions from The insurance and Pharma industries
Oh really! Myth: I'm shocked. Truth: Our senators don't work for us.
Why not allow all citizens to have the same coverage as you in the Senate? Why did this bill get rebuke from even insurance companies? 19464
Oh, oh yes. I would love the healthcare that my senator gets. Let's talk more about this. We are all "Forced" to pay for their lovely plan.
Diningenuous to suggest eliminating federal match or block granting Medicaid won't impact other Medicaid programs and the millions who rely.
Myth:  Increase in spending means coverage for Pennsylvanians will be maintained.

Fact: If increases are less than inflation, it IS a cut!
About healthcare: PLEASE do what is right. Work across the aisle & give Americans a win! Millions CANNOT lose coverage. NO WAY!
Regardless of your word smithing, CBO: July BCRA ups # people going w.o. health insurance by 15 million in 2018 and 22 million in 2026.
Lying again Sir you really do it a lot
Unless we get real growth, that just isnt sustainable. Need to get back states rights instead of 62% of budget dictated by FEDS.
#Fact.  I don't remember anyone under Obama's administration needing to get multiple lawyers hired by the government to "protect" them
Now rump is threatening the FBI director..."don't cross the Red Line".  Let's just see his tax returns, problem solved! loans from who???
Universal Healthcare or bust!
Bust #charliegard, govt can't run our lives
Working Pennsylvanians get cheap junk insurance w/few benefits. Older residents pay 5xhigher premiums in high-risk pool. Unacceptable.
Doesn't look good. Think ppl will forget come your nxt election? Start making deals w/Putin now... or did u already?
#BREAKING: Four peaceful protestors are being arrested for sitting in and asking @SenToomey to vote NO on #Trumpcare. Toomey, #KillTheBill! 
Prove it.
How was your 15 minutes of fame? You might still have a future.Do you know how to cut grass or work a cash register? Try being useful for PA
#BetterCare has failed, along with all the other GOP attempts to replace #ObamaCare.  DO NOT REPEAL!   The PEOPLE have spoken.
We want a townhall.
Don't vote to repeal the ACA without offering a viable plan. Doing so would devastate millions of Americans.
FACT: Medicaid is actually getting cut in PA because healthcare costs rise faster than rate of inflation. #MythvFact
SENATOR PAT TOOMEY: YOU AND YOUR FAMILY HAVE GREAT HEALTH CARE COVERAGE, RIGHT?
All Toomey Smoke and Mirrors, Medicare for all Americans now!
This is propaganda. Vote no on repeal
As per GOT: SHAME  SHAME   SHAME...vote no! Do what is right for PA ONCE in your Senate career! PA this affects all of us!
Sit down and stop trying to justify your evil behavior.  Your constituents see right through your spineless behavior.
Shameless.  Liar.
Not good enough.  You have been duped, or are straight lying to us.  #shame
just repeal or let it fail. Then maybe dems will join in.
"Able bodied" what does that to for my 88 year old mother and all the other like her ?
What a bunch of "Able bodied bullshit" #Periods
You're an immoral liar who'll be directly responsible for more American suffering & deaths than any terror group.  We can see & hear you Pat
Trump just tweeted "let Obamacare fail".  Does that sound like a man who cares about Americans health? Why not say, let's fix this? confused
Just stop, it's embarrassing at this point. You know where we could discuss healthcare? At an in person town hall. #DoYourJob #realPA 19154
Repeal ACA
REPEAL NOW, RELACE LATER
Trumpcare is a piece of crap
WAKE UP.  Your more sane colleagues are defecting. This bill is just as bad (or worse) than the last reject. THINK, Toomey ... for once.
OMG. You really are not going to be happy until this is the single topic that keeps you from being re-elected. Give it up.
MYTH: The voters were happy to be informed by Senator Toomey.
FACT: The voters are happy we no longer have to see his MYTH-FACT lies.
sorry trump stooge your lies are failing.  #onthetaketoomey
Are you opposed to transparency because you hate your job or the American people?
Toomey on health care hearings - “I don’t think there’s any need for that when the bill is public.” via @desiderioDC http://www.thedailybeast.com/gop-senators-health-care-hearings-not-necessary …
exactly like we all pay car insurance so when one person has an accident, we all help to cover that accident
Like our plan or repeal. Sounds like extortion. You are better than that Senator.
kinda like we all pay in on home owners insurance so when something bad happens we area covered, hopefully
If you repeal #ACA without replacing 32 million Americans will lose health insurance and premiums will double. Please don't vote repeal.
Sorta like how we all pay in so you have terrific healthcare
I don't give a crap about $50 billion. I am a working adult. I do care that we ALL pay in to make sure everyone has good healthcare.

You keep repeating this and your constituents keep telling you they don't want #TrumpCare. Don't you work for us? #RealPA
Work with Democrats towards a bipartisan solution. Otherwise we'll be forever in the spin zone and millions will lose coverage
It's over Patrick, move on and fix the existing ACA with Democrats.
Russia Russia Russia. We derseve better   Do your job. Impeach Trump   We will not accept Russian interference. Wake up and face the music
Time for bipartisanship on healthcare. Stop the http://BS.You  were elected to represent the ppl. Stand up to this prez #MAGAFAIL
Keeping the coverage and limiting the growth of funding will obviously result in a loss of care
I don't believe you. You're just a shill for the fat cats
Do NOT Vote for full repeal w/out replacement! You already know it is a bad idea! 
Ps.This has been a ridiculous waste if time &resources.
#CleanRepeal 
#RootAndBranch
#RootAndBranch 
#RootAndBranch 
Quoth @SenateMajLdr 
Lead or get out of the way.
Sir-guess u forgot you didn't have a Plan for Day 61 on #IranDeal either?This is a real pattern with u huh? #Liar http://thedailyripple.org/index.php/ripple/gold-star-dad …
Sir-you want to give $800 Billion to able bodied 1% ers- Let's give the $50B to those that need it to get insurance, not ur Pals OKay? #LIAR
Myth: that you represent the people.
lol
Stop. Peddling. This. Shitburger.
Step 1 - Full repeal !
TurtleBoy: it is now apparent that the effort to repeal and  immediately replace the failure of Obamacare will not be successful. #TrumpCare
"working-age, able bodied childless adults" - really @SenToomey ? that is CRAP and you know it!
you feel you know more than doctors, nurses, hospitals, and even darn insurance industry? That is some hubris. I can hardly wait to vote
Shame on you. It took other senators to do what you should have done: refuse to back the GOP healthcare bill.
Repair not replace.
Your bill has flatlined. Leave it dead. I will never understand your thinking on this and neither will your constituents.
Lee and Moran killed this. You can stop peddling your bullshit now. Maybe have a town hall like Moran did? We have thoughts for you.
Not buying it. Appalling that you think we are that stupid.
Well Well thank God for those who do for their constituents-try it. Healthcare bill not going through. Get to work for the people not GOP
This neither repeals nor replaces the ACA. #morerepublicanlies
Delete your account
"Bettercare". Omg stop, you're actually calling a terribly failed Trumpcare bettercare? Come out of your bubble and meet the real world.
That's an interesting bit of propaganda, but as I sit awake at 3am in a hospital room with my new baby I wonder how you can be so cruel.
Do NOT vote to replace the Affordable Care Act with a 2 year IOU. Instead of repeal, work with Dems to shore up universal coverage.
too bad the CBO, AMA, march of dimes, AAP, ACLU, ANA all say you're lying.check your couch cushions - you lost your credibility.
Give it up.  End the charade and do for your constituents like me what they really need, an improved ACA.  That's a fact, Pat!
It's dead Toomey and a repeal of the ACA with no viable replacement will be a DISASTER! Vote no!
No, not good enough. #Oppose TrumpCare
You have lost with your phony numbers. The Mid-Atlantic will remember how you were willing to sell out your constituents for $$. Shame.
No one wants this bill.  Who exactly do u represent?
You clowns and I do mean clowns can't even wait for the CBO score. #MidTerms. Find a new career.
What garbage
You guys better not repeal ACA and not replace it with  anything.... keep ACA and just tweak it do not take healthcare away from Americans
For 3 yrs then its less. #stoplying
Every PA resident that dies without healthcare is on you Pat. You could care less for those in this state that fight to stay alive. #RESIGN
You're a disaster. Resign and go play softball with the Kochs. I see you senators opted to KEEP ACA for yourself.
You removed protection for pre-existing conditions. You removed essential health benefits. Pat doesn't give a damn about working PA people.
How about #lifetimecaps or #essential health benefits

Read these comments, sir. The people don't want this bill. You work for us!
Show us that you actually care more about people of this state than party or power. VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE.
Cite thr source of these figures. I'm tired of vague claims.
fact:17%approval rating. Fact 2:you will kill people by passing this. Fact 3: you will be voted out if you support this garbage.
You lost. Your healthcare plan was atrocious and EVERYONE was against it. You can't sugarcoat shit honey.
One failure after another Senator. At least you are making the rich much richer. Wealthcare would've be your greatest achievement.
Dead. Like your career. Can't wait to vote against you again.
Fact: you short Changed your own state...
How do you sleep at night Toomey? That's shameful!
I don't have time to consult for free.  Pay me and we will correct language, thinking, plans, results, ...
Lance Foss, fossworking@gmail.com
Fact: you don't have the votes.  Myth: your plan would benefit others.  only the rich.  #Trumpcare #BetterCare
,,, you just voted for a bill to sell our internet info to the highest bidder you sleazy ars. And we are supposed tho trust you?
Maybe you need to check with the people of PA?
Your bill is about tax cuts for the rich and preserving profits for your donors-- pharma and
Insurance companies. You own Trump. Goodbye GOP
Stop lying. You don't have the votes. If the bill is as great as you want us to believe, you wouldn't be hiding from us.
If it was as good as you claim it to be,  it wouldn't have lost so much R support. Please try working w the Ds on the next go around.
Senator, tweeting more often will not make more of us fall for your disastrous, self-serving #AHCA! Tweet less, listen more. Help #ACA!
Boo hoo your healthcare bill is dead. Glad to see some Republicans have balls
I just don't understand why you are in favor of taking healthcare away from 22 MILLION people BUT you will retain YOUR healthcare.
The House and the Senate should get the same plan WE THE PEOPLE DO.  How about you work on that
This bill is nothing more than a tax cut to the rich and death to the poor, the elderly, & the disabled. Wake up!  This bill kills!
To be clear, we should ignore the bipartisan CBO report and listen to someone in the pocket of wealthy anti-ACA lobbyists?
You are a bought man.  Show us your tax returns and your campaign finances.  NOW
you're wildly unpopular weak bill appears to be dead! Now children and elderly in Pa won't die unessecarily
I'll send you my bill for increase in premiums. I can't afford it on a fixed income, but you are stinking rich and can pay for me
The Country doesn't want your shitty "healthcare plan".
Do you seriously have no shame in trying to convince people that they won't lose coverage when they will? That is heartless and despicable
You will be voted out.
Higher premiums for older people is immoral. We should collectively share the burden.We collectively pay for the military, the roads.
Now tell us the truth. You lied enough.
#ToomeysLastTerm
Nope. We see through you.
As TrumpCare fails again please take this time to work with Democrats to fix ACA for all of us.
Liar.
That is an outright lie, which is why your mean spirited bill is .
Just stop it. Stand down, you taker. Cant wait to vote you out. Your handlers dont have enough money to buy you a win! #GOPhatesus
Pennsylvanians don't have an R Senator with the character & courage of Moran & Lee. Betsy Devos can't buy you the next election. Too late.
So if you're not able bodied, no healthcare? What a "BetterCare" plan? This bill is inhuman!
Medicaid is still there, but the cuts to it will result in 20 million fewer covered. Don't exempt yourself if you think the bill is so good
Thank goodness some of ur GOP Senators are sharper than you.  Bill failure is a success  for PA residents in spite of u
Be a hero Toomey and support Single Payer!
Don't bother the bill is DEAD thankfully!
You are an embarrassment to Pennsylvania. Complete self serving sell out.
Educate all of us at a town hall meeting.
It's over senator for now. We will not forget what you have tried to do and we will never stop fighting. #healthcarebill
#BRCA #TrumpCare #Fail
You are the worst. 19465
What was Senator Collins of Maine and work with the Democrats and Republicans to improve the ACA and throw this Trumpcare out the door!
And to hell with your millionaire friends
Too late, .@SenToomey. It's over and all we'll remember is that you did not support the best choice for Pennsylvania.
Only 48 votes. Done. Go away
Not buying it. CBO has completely diff take. Everyone opposes this: doctors, hospitals, insur. companies... everyone except your big donors!
looks like it's back to the drawing board. Keep on putting together options that leave millions uninsured, we'll keep fighting
Nice Pat, why not help create more Jobs rather than working on how to take healthcare from Americans? #Trumpcare is #wealthcare for 1% #Sad
Yes, working age college students...how generous. #whatajoke
Try and convince your republican colleague, and a man of conscience, @JerryMoran before lying to your constituents with misleading stats
Your "healthcare "is simply a tax cut for the rich. SAD! #Bettercare is a joke.
It's dead, Pat. Give it a rest.
Your healthcare plan discriminates against women and seniors not yet on Medicare!
Fact: the GOP wants to shove the BCRA down the throats of Americans, which is why they will not hold any debates about the legislation.
Then why is your own party refusing to support it? Get a clue, Spineless Toomey.
#Fact: Townhalls and constituent outreach equals informed legislation. #RepresentPA
Every medical group in the country is opposed to the BCRA, because they recognize that your "facts" are distortions.
The bill is so good, two more GOP senators just bailed on it.
The Bill is dead.
FAKE NEWS! this bill provides tax breaks to the wealthy and screws the rest of us
Why can't just go back to employer based healthcare and expanded Medicaid for those who are under a financial or medical hardship ?
Drop the taxes and Obama regulations to bring down costs. Give people many options to choose from. LT,ST Disability, Pregnancy, Rx,dental.
Eye Care. We should have the right to choice what we want coverage on. Instead of 1 big risk pool Insurers will have many custom pools.
