stand up for PA and for our country! Dr. Carson is not qualified to run HUD!
This is one of many ridiculous picks - disappointed that you think Carson and presumably others are ok for our country
please explain how the Egyptian pyramids were grain silos again. I'm not clear on the subject.
That may be, but he is undeniably unqualified for this role.
I have an incredible life story of living in the system & highly educated. I don't qualify to run HUD #reality
Wrong Senator...if you want my vote you'll vote NO on Carson too!
If you're looking for a black man I hear #FrederickDouglass is available.
He is nuts.  Did you watch the debates?
WHY DO YOU SIT LIKE A FEMALE?????? 
Gifted Hands but surgery and housing?
and he's a liar too. Knows nothing about what he is doing. Stop Ben Carson.
The whole past two years of his story were certainly...um...entertaining.
and no experience in housing or urban development
Mr. Carson may be a nice person but he is not qualified to run this Dept. Pick someone that is!
Nominating /supporting an unqualified man to HUD Secy shows how little Trump & you value HUD.
and minorities.
and no experience whatsoever. What are you doing?  Protect yr constituents.
I'd like to know why the most celebrated pediatric neurosurgeon isn't picked for HHS? Black=HUD?
please say no to Betsy DeVos
You forgot #Unqualified
HUD needs more than a good guy with a life story. Experience counts.
and profoundly unqualified.
good life story, but not qualified by his own admission. Please vote against this nomination.
just because he is black doesn't mean he is a HUD expert. Your racism is repugnant
Ben Carson is not qualified to be HUD Secy.
with no experience like the rest of the nominees except for general Mattis.
Great guy, but he's not qualified for the position. Good leaders choose appropriate staff.
totally unqualified morons
He has so many great stories! Like how he doesn't believe in evolution? That one's my favorite fairytale!
I once worked in an office. I'll be your head of staff! I'm as experienced as Ben Carson at HUD
Too bad USA doesn't have pyramids -I mean grain storage bldgs- that we could convert into condos.
lol
How does "life story" qualify a man with no history of public service to Cabinet?  #PartisanHack
exactly what I sad when the appointment was made!
. And what does he know about housing and urban Dev?
This nomination is a joke. You are a sell out to your constituents. #RESISTANCE
Incredible life stories do not make a cabinet member. He may be a great surgeon, but he knows ZERO about government. Poor choice!!!
Please vote NO. Has no experience in HUD & does not represent people affected by HUD.
@CNN
#Resist #TheResistance
Good man and incredible life story doesn't equate with qualified.
Totally unqualified for the position, buy hey he's a Good Guy.
He is also not qualified to be in charge of public housing. This PA voter does not support Carson
Remember when Bush put the equestrian in charge of @fema. Same problem here. #notqualified
This is how we find out ur an idiot. Hey guys! I work in restaurants. Can I be head of the FDA?
So he's not equivalent to a child molester? Did he get some kind of help Donald wasn't aware of?
The danger we are in with these unqualified appointments! Please do your job and protect PA
... with ZERO experience in housing.  How is he a good choice? Even if he is a good man?
#Clueless to the plight of the middle class
Carson knows nothing about housing. Trump's pick for Ambassador to Israel is appalling.
unqualified deny- based on yr constituents wishes. You represent US not own selfish interests or GOP.
Put a surgeon in the Cabinet! (Yea!) At HUD (no qualifications!) set him up to fail. #revenge
can you please explain to your constituents why he is qualified for this position? I can't think of any reasons.
No. Do your job and really look at these cabinet people.  Horrifying! Enjoy your last term.
.@SenToomey And @RealBenCarson has ZERO experience for this job! @realDonaldTrump's choice is a joke and an outrage!
- and no qualifications to run this dept.  But who cares, right Pat??? #dts
a "good man with incredible life story" are not qualifications to lead HUD.
He is unqualified
but does not have qualifications to be head of HUD.

And totally unqualified.
not sure he has the brain power to look at issues and come to a reasonable decision. Bet u know.
Shaub,director of the federal Office of Government Ethics,should be commended for doing his job, not threatened.
That has absolutely no background in public housing ... and you support this??
You have got to be kidding! I find it difficult to believe that you find Ben Carson acceptable for any job in government.
a good man doesn't make him qualified! Do what's right! That's what you were elected to do. #DoYourJob #yourepresentusnotthem
As a PA resident, I'm disgusted that you support @RealBenCarson knowing FULL WELL he is NOT qualified. Listen to your people!
What are his qualifications? Don't care that he's a good man with an interesting story.
And no experience to lead HUD.
What qualifies a Brain Surgeon to run HUD.  Self admitted not qualified to run a federal agency
Oppose this nomination. He doesn't want to be in government. He doesn't know anything about govt.
I can see @RealBenCarson as maybe the Surgeon General, but he's totally unqualified to run HUD! Put the country over party!
That may be true, but also true is that he is unqualified to run HUD.  Even he agrees!
AND NO EXPERIENCE.
pls deny his&all GOP nominees they represent opposite of offices they are supposed to protect.They have little to no experience!
Ben Carson summed up the Trump presidency in one sentence, “It will not be my intention to do anything to benefit any American”
yeah because a "life story" helps run an agency for millions. I have a life story too, I'm not trying to run HUD
So a good life story qualifies you to run an agency that millions of people depend upon? Good to know...
no he is not! He is unqualified incompetent and a threat to fair housing laws
Agree he seems like he's a good man, but he has NO housing/urban dev experience. Not qualified. #HUD
Shame on you all.
20 trillion to build a wall is a better allocation.of our tax dollars than insure loans. Shame.
He may be a good man, but he does not have the experience necessary for the position.  Please ask tough questions before voting.
What exactly are @RealBenCarson qualifications for this position? @realDonaldTrump
What qualifications does he have?
.@SenToomey compelling life stories are nice, but is @RealBenCarson qualified for the job for which @realDonaldTrump has nominated him?
Awesome!!
Really? There are millions of good people with incredible life stories. Not qualified for HUD.
Senator Toomey has been a great representative of my home state, Pa. Great pick for HUD...
Completely unqualified for this job. He's even more unqualified for his job than you are for yours. @SenToomey @RealBenCarson
And this means he has the qualifications to be HUD?  I have a good one too, can I get SecState?
He claimed he was not qualified to be on the cabinet, then changed his mind? I don't trust him.
He has ZERO QUALIFICATIONS!!!!
Can you enumerate his qualifications for the position? More than "incredible life story"?
He may be a brilliant doctor, but he is NOT qualified for this position at all.
He thinks the pyramids were built to hold grain. He's a nutbag
He has no political or social service experience.  He is UNQUALIFIED!
And some of that story is even true, Pat! Neat, huh?
Can u both help me @TerriZezza or am I an outcast. I want truth no more lies.
and he's said he's unfit to serve in govt because he has no clue. Where's YOUR clue?
horrifying to watch your unquestioning love of @realDonaldTrump - Constituents should be your priority. We sure aren't his...
This does not qualify him for the position. Payback for giving in to support DJT
and absolutely no qualifications to be HUD director.
this is what you do with your time? How about pay attention to the hundreds of people that come to speak to you each week
I can't wait to vote against you in 6 years. TOO LONG to get rid of garbage
seems like there will be of people who will remember how you f**ked up our country and we will be doing the voting in 6 years!
"....but totally unqualified for this position."
Who is a doctor. Another case of scrambled Cabinet assignments?
.@SenToomey He actually operated on my sister - brilliant surgeon - but does that qualify him to run a government office? If yes, how so?
Trump compromised by Russians. Do you job. Country before partisanship
and how does this qualify him for a cabinet post?
and no discernible qualifications for the seat for which he’s been put forward.
Here is what you've won. Good call.  http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/10/politics/donald-trump-intelligence-report-russia/index.html …
Carson not qualified & #releasetrumptaxesnow
-  Betsy DeVos has INCREDIBLY suspect business ties & Ben Carson not up for this task. PROTECT US!
ask him "what's the first thing you should know about Housing and Urban Development?"
and seriously hampered to do the job
Senator Toomey, you are disappointing me and the rest of your constituents with the continued support of unqualified nominees
But not qualified for the job.
$60 Billion budget and he knows nothing about housing
glad you had time to meet with them and ignore your constituents across the state! When will u have a town hall?@TuesdaysToomey
But that does not qualify him to be HUD Secy.
I'm a PA resident and voter. If you support Carson, you won't have my vote.
No, I'm new to PA, bringing some CA style liberalism to PA. You're welcome 
Yes, I like it here. Ppl show their support for marginalized groups.
good thing Senators represent all PA residents, not just supporters.
I said he won't have my vote.
senator toomey should be investigating potential conflicts of interest that effect US public
. @SenToomey, he has no HUD expce & opposes #FairHousing. Vote No on #Carson to demand better for all Americans. #unqualified #CabinetBlock
Is that your take-away message from your meeting? Really? What about qualifications? Policies?
Will u be reviewing his credentials to lead HUD, or will you be rubber-stamping this appointment?
He sounds ignorant as F about most anything not surgical. @SenToomey @RealBenCarson @realDonaldTrump
Hey Pat PA is watching and you know he is not qualified to run HUD @phillydotcom @PittsburghPG
Thanks for supporting the Trump nominees.
Please do not repeal the Affordable Care Act. Tens of millions of people depend on it.
Why are you so enthralled by these completely unqualified people who have NOT even been vetted?
Which version of his life story did he share?
incredible story but unqualified to lead a federal agency.
So you are supporting a doctor who knows nothing about healthCARE and knows even less about housing. #youdontrepresentme @SenToomey
but totally unprepared & ill-equipped to run a federal agency the size if @HUDgov
You are such a Trump lackey. I'm beginning to think you are as mentally unstable as he is
But he is unqualified to be HUD director!
Someone isn't getting re-elected...
with no expertise in this area.
And absolutely no experience for this position.  Stunningly unqualified.
Would you care to speak out against Booker like Senator Cotton did? That's leadership
- and what qualifications for the role?
and absolutely no experience holding office! Congrats you guys! Way to unite the country!
and completely unqualified to lead HUD. You people are completely clueless.  #ImpeachTrump
with each and every communication I see from you my opinion sinks lower and lower.
Agree.  And my opinion of Toomey was pretty low to start with!
You forgot to mention his qualifications for the role...
whoops!
Ted down the street from me is a good guy with an incredible life story, too. Also not qualified for HUD sec.
I'm sure he is a good man & a gifted surgeon. That said, what experience does he have with housing policy exactly? I'll wait.
@proudliberalmom @SenToomey He lived in a house.
and literally no experience relevant to this position.
....and no relevant experience to qualify him to lead HUD
.@SenToomey And by his own admission, .@RealBenCarson says he's not qualified to run a federal agency. Your constituents agree!
I am a good man with an incredible story. Does not qualify me for HUD sec.
He's also extremely unqualified for the position. Pat you're being ridiculous.
good thing his career as a doctor has made him extremely qualified for HUD.
and most importantly to the three of you is he's lived in a house.  Dumbest appt. ever!
but he ain't qualified to be HUD secretary
