Why cuts to Planned Parenthood? Why 13 men worked on bill behind closed doors??? What about women's views and care? Vote NO and revise
If you were on the committee to draft it why study the bill?  Was there tapes?
Less coverage, less support, higher premiums, and.... giant tax cuts for the wealthy. This is a tax cut for the rich bill. That's all.
As always it's the money you can save for the rich and screw everyone else. You should be ashamed, just fix ACA or single payer. MONEY
#FullRepeal
The fact of the matter is you really don't care what Pennsylvanians think about the law..  you only listen to corporate donors...  seriously
Republican choreographed faux histronics have destabilzed the ACA and HC companies are pulling out because of it.  Fix and grow ACA Senator.
Affordable Care Act Drove Down Personal Bankruptcy - Consumer Reports
There's a line in Rent that says "you can't quietly wipe out an entire 10 cities and watch it's a wonderful life on tv!" How do you sleep?
Taking away health care from our neediest citizens to give the rich tax breaks.  You're a "devout Catholic?"  I don't think so.
Nope. You didn't fix anything. You're making it worse. If you vote "yes", I will take time off of work to campaign for your opponent.
I think it is time for a change! PA keep both Fed and State money to take care of our own and PA decides how much to give the Fed Government

You "welcome feedback" ? HAHA https://maplight.org/story/senators-drafting-secret-health-care-bill-backed-by-insurance-and-pharma-campaign-money/ …
Contradiction - ensuring Medicaid is sustained and reducing government over 7.5 yrs. Shane on you!  Vote No!
.@SenToomey more #feedbackfortoomey: killing ACA = killing your constituents. #VigilForOurLives
Someone on Medicaid cannot afford anything considered to be"their fair share." That will become a premium the patient is plagued with!"
Pat, it took me 25 calls to get through to your office to be interrupted and hung up on by your staff. This is unacceptable.
Public hearings!
My biggest problem with this statement is that you do NOT welcome feedback from Pennsylvanians. #realPA
Please explain tax cuts for the top 1% translates to better, more affordable health care for the rest of us? Voters deserve an answer.
You should be ashamed.  Drafting this horrible bill in secret is reprehensible.   I'm from PA,  but you do NOT represent me or my views.
I hope Toomey can find some courage but I am doubtful!
You have more people calling you on your bullshit than likes. Get a fucking clue.
U R a phoney. U make a statement that praises the bill, but then say you will "thoroughly examine" it. Do U C why you are not trustworthy?
do you have significant research that this is an appropriate amount?
#TrumpCare is a death sentence for many
You SOBs won't be happy until you can kill the poor and eat them.
Stop lying- my feedback doesn't matter to you bc my name isn't DeVos or Koch. As a PA res, I am disgusted by this "wealthcare" bill. #AHCA
You are not known for voting on behalf of your constituents, only your donors. Disgusting. Blood is on your hands.
I want your healthcare after all we are paying for it!  If it is good enough for you it is good enough for me.
your original draft did not address the opioid crisis in a significant fashion Did you go with the $45B because it was in the house bill or
You will welcome all feedback, huh? But not listen to it.
Well as long as U donate to the Toomey campaign and support GOP causes....#disingenuous
Direct quote from a Toomey campaign speech in Montgomery County "The Democrats are THE ENEMY!!!"
You are despicable. Your in it up to your eyeballs with the trump organization. You will pay when your re-election rolls around.
Sadly he just got reelected with big assist from Gabby Giffords and Bloomberg who gave him credit for fake gun legislation support
He got elected by using fake attacks against an Environmentalist, making her look as dirty with coal, oil & fracking as he is #KochBrothers
15217. Your mailbox is full and your health care proposal is immoral
We Pennsylvanians will die.Toomeycare
No integrity..Will not vote no..
You're a terrible senator. I'm ashamed to live in PA because of the epically awful job you do to represent us.
You have been part of a group of men that have drafted a way to KILL millions of Americans. Only one word for you - despicable!
15 more advanced nations than USA provide BETTER CARE & OUTCOMES for HALF THE COST! Why can't Repubs just COPY THEIR SUCCESS?
We know, the AHCA is just a wealth transfer 'Trojan horse' for your donors. Disgusting!
Liar.
If I knew that by making a million bucks on an investment I'd have to pay an extra 20k, I'd be overjoyed!
Again, why to the those who've gained so much in the recovery need to stop paying the investor tax to keep the poor off Medicaid?
The ACA only fails because it doesn't provide universal healthcare or a public option. Medicare for all is the only sustainable program.
You are an embarrassment, a stain on our democracy.
There is no excuse for giving huge tax breaks to the rich by gutting healthcare. There is no defense you can offer.
Leave ACA alone. Fix the minor problems
Medicaid expansion was crucial to Pittsburgh's recent economic growth, you're killing Pennsylvania in more than one way.
Note that you are directly saying: Pennsylvania isn't 'paying its fair share'!
Until  can get pregnant, OB is an essential hlth benefit.  @PPFA is a key provider.  There was no on your cmte.  Unacceptable! 
By cuting Medicaid you ARE "pulling the rug out" from those on Medicaid.  PA will see a ddecrease in funding so coverage WILL have to be cut
Take from the poor and give to the rich!?!?!? I can't put my finger on it, but something seems odd about that ideology. #ACHA #Maga
If you vote yes to this bill, you can kiss  your senate seat #goodbye!!! And I will be first in line to vote for your opponent! #disgrace
Most voters have no idea how badly this will affect their lives. You may survive next election cycle, but your legacy's lost. Vote against!
Senator, what will happen if HIV patients lose their health insurance? Will the AIDS epidemic be as bad as the 1980s?
Aren't you one of the MEN that sat in a basement in a undisclosed location & orchestrated this bill which is sure to harm the 99%?
Vote NO.
You are a terrible advocate for PA . You have the nerve to spit out these falsehoods about this piece of crap bill to keep your rich donors.
Having states pay "their fair share" means PA & other state tax increases for the rest of us while the wealthy get a tax cut. #ACHA
This is not healthcare it is taking money from Medicaid to give a tax cut to the wealthy. #fraud
Tax cuts for wealthy=improved healthcare????????????? Please explain
Try again.... ACA needs fixed but not like this.
This bill does nothing to provide healthcare, but it transfers money from the poor to health ins companies and the rich. You're a disgrace
Senator Toomey: I'm your constituent. This bill targets the most marginalized populations. It's a disgrace- Pennsylvania deserves better.
you should be ashamed of yourself!! An example of why the old saying:"there's a special place in HELL for politicians "rings true
"I will thoroughly examine this draft..."  Already distancing yourself from a "draft" that you were part of producing??  I don't get it!
If the rising premiums are "failing" Pennsylvanians, then why are you supporting a bill that REDUCES tax credit eligibility guidelines??
We aren't going to put up with this. In one way, you've done us all a favor. People can really see your true colors.
Evidently believes he owes more to GOP leadership and its big money donors than to working people of PA. Voters must prove him wrong.
To bad ur family isn't on this insurance u get government insurance so no worries for u. May u have desease & death money can't buy u out of
Perhaps just follow @ChrisMurphyCT and @SenBobCasey they're breaking it down for us. 
He won't respond when asked, "if he is giving up his generous taxpayer funded healthcare?"
Taking money from media aid so you can give the rich a tax break?  Immoral and wrong.  You need to go.
As a PA resident, I strongly urge you to vote against this bill; it is awful.
You haven't been very open to feedback from us in the past. We don't believe you're going to start now.  #fakesenator
What part of the bill addresses the core issue of cost of healthcare at the care provider level?
Or, why would it cost more than an thousand dollars for a couple of stitches at the ER?  That's the root problem.
The Coward Toomey lies. His political career must crumble.
Here's some feedback: The CBO directly contradicts every claim you make. Thousands of Pennsylvanians will lose coverage. Don't vote for this
Specifically what changes do you think need to be made to this bill??
A town hall would be the easiest way to "welcome all feedback"
Please oppose in its current form, and support a full repeal of AHCA.
You are plain and simple a killer of children and the elderly by supporting this bill!  Nothing more than a corporate stooge!
America's health care system is not failing. The GOP is failing.
TrumpCare/WealthCare will only hurt 99% of your constituents. You clearly ONLY care about lobbyists and your rich friends.
Your staffer took my feedback begrudgingly. "He was elected to repeal and replace." You got 48.8% of the vote, sir. This will crush PA.
Explain how the those whose wealth has appreciated in the recovery need a tax cut and those who are still suffering don't need healthcare
Why do you hate your constituents so much?
You are bought and paid for! Start listening to Pennsylvanians! We don't want this! Say no!! #boughtsenator
Fix Obama care don't REPEAL, too many people will be adversely affected. Represent your constituents, not the 1%
Full Repeal or we will vote you out, Senator Toomey. The people voted you in for a full repeal and nothing less!
Can you give specific examples of people whose access to affordable, *comprehensive* care will improve under this bill?
Don't pass it how's that for input?
Here is my feedback as a PA constituent: This bill is awful. Stop trying to pass it. Stop sabotaging the ACA. Fix it or go single payer.
Here Sir instead of lying to us- You might actually learn the facts- unlike you did with the #IranDeal #GoldStarDad
Shame on you! Made a career foreclosing on seniors homes. Now take their healthcare?  Good thing you and your wealrhy buddies get tax break.
Sir- tell us how this will help the Opiate epidemic. Tell us how Cutting $800 B from The POOR to Give to the Rich solves anything-#COWARD
Convenient toll free Toomey phone # if you're in PA: 1-855-552-1831
"Examine this draft"??? You helped write this thing that is going to fail to do anything but line the pockets of the already wealthy
This bill doesn't fix anything. It actually hurts the sickest and poorest of your constituents. OPPOSE THIS BILL.
What is failing America is the Republican conscience & greed of the wealthy.  Obamacare is not failing; it only needs some resuscitation.
totally misleading.  you get more money in tax cuts for doing nothing.  Thepoor, they stay poor.
Now maybe those in Pa.will see the harm they brought on voting for Trump and Toomey. Worse yet, those who did not vote.don't vote,don't cry
You need to start listening to and respecting your constituents. This is a disgrace. $355k from insurance and pharm industries, huh?
ACA slowed premium increase. Your bill means higher premiums, less coverage, fewer insured.
YOU are the One FAILING Pa.Obama Care could be fixed, there is NO help for You.Shameful Tax Cut for you & rich,while Poor Sick Kids suffer
Vote NO and allow every person, regardless of age, health, or wealth status, to have access to affordable healthcare
Supporting this will literally kill your constituents @SenToomey.  How do you sleep at night??
I think you should listen to your constituents for a change. Maybe scroll through the responses here? Ha ha ha, right? You don't care.
You are reckless and irresponsible. You will be held accountable for the fallout from this bill. #ProtectOurCare
Here's my feedback (constituent from Spring City 19475): vote NO 
No Trumpcare! For once please put people's lives ahead of money.
This is all 13 old white guys in the Senate could come up with after eight years.   SAD!!!
You KNOW, Senator, that Pennsylvanians do NOT support this bill.
So another words you and the rest of the GOP have insurance and so forget the working Americans. You are part of the problem
your comments make it seem like you either didn't read it or didn't understand it.  I live in PA and I wish your term was up!
VOTE NO!!!  Go ahead and take away healthcare just another reason to take away your Senate seat
I've read the legislation + nothing about it is modest. It is a scathing assault on healthcare that our nation's most vulnerable depend on.
Obamacare protected me for two years. Like many Americans we are asking you to vote No on this new bill, and keep our healthcare.
Who elected you
Go ahead and vote for this terrible health bill. You have been actively trying to kill ACA since it started. We'll get rid of you soon !!
If you're gonna pass this bullshit I'm assuming you're willing to switch your insurance to the ahca? Since it's so great and all
Voter in 19063. This bill is horrible and heartless. The secrecy, the disregard for so many. It's an absolute disaster and we demand better.
I notice that there isn't very much support for this bill from your constituents. What do you say to us?
I'm a Pennsylvanian writing to express my OPPOSITION to the Senate healthcare bill. Delaying 7.5 years = kicking the can down road. Mean!
This actually fixes America's tax system. Now the weathy pay less.
But that's why they bought you a few million now for a few milllon a year. You are a bargain.
How does a tax cut for richest Americans shore up Obamacare?
States cannot pick up slack from rollback of Medicaid expansion. And caps are UNACCEPTABLE. People will lose healthcare.
Bill's rollbacks of Medicaid expansion and caps on Medicaid spending will cut health care access for over 2M Pennsylvanians. UNACCEPTABLE!
How will tax credits help the poor on Medicaid? How do you and your rich cronies live with yourselves? Sad for America
John Lundin: "Republicans treat healthcare like the Super Bowl: anyone can can get in, if they can afford a ticket with an inflated price."
Vote "no" on the senate healthcare bill.
Do what's right, not what's Republican. It could be YOUR loved ones that are affected by this abomination. VOTE NO
This bill is not the work of a public servant, it's the magnum opus of a political hack.
You help write this and yet you still have to read it??  Are you kidding me? All you want are the tax breaks for the wealthy
This bill is a moral obscenity and will be a disaster for PA. I am ashamed that such a callous individual represents this Commwealth.
This is such a Toomey thing to say.
Why don't you read it at one of your Town Halls?  Would love to talk to you about it and its impact on the people of Pennsylvania.
THE SENATE HEALTH CARE BILL WILL NEGATIVELY IMPACT PENNSYLVANIA.  THE COST OF MEDICAID WILL BE DEVASTATING FOR THE STATE BUDGET.
This bill fucking sucks
Toomey if you want consumer driven HC, pass laws that make it easy to go into a medical facility & have them tell me what my cost will be.
The healthcare system needs some SERIOUS regulation before can be consumer driven. You can't have patients signing papers in pre-op.
Yea, like the states have any money. They'll just increase taxes or cut programs. We'll all end up paying more and the payoff goes to the 1%
You are from the pits of hell Senator!!!!
Have the states pay their fair share?? You mean shift to increased state taxes, and cut Medicaid recipients after you're out of office
A simple question, Senator. How does this bill improve healthcare for Americans? We see tax cuts for the 1%, where are the HC improvements?
777,000 Pennsylvanians will lose healthcare under this plan by 2026. Vote NO!
#keepkidscovered
Do better.
are you sure that you want to vote yes on the bill that will be poorly affecting your constituents by the time your re-election comes up?
You bill is a tax cut for the rich, does nothing to help people and is a travesty. I am ashamed that you are a Pennsylvanian
This bill is evil! You are cutting people out of healthcare to give tax cuts to the rich and health insurance companies. #SAVEACA
Thank you Your measured consideration is important counter to @SenBobCasey 's dishonesty on healthcare Rs must not let Ds lies stand
You welcome all feedback then forget how to use a phone...funny. tell us another one jagoff
Bob Casey has already read through and highlighted the major flaws of the bill. Maybe get with him. You might learn something
Odd: it seems this will defund medicaid expansion,remove protections for preexisting conditions & increase premiums. Vote NO!  (I vote)
Outside ur Phl ofc this AM, stage 3 colon cancer survivor shared how Medicaid expansion saved his life. Ur thoughts?
You must seriously think we are all incompetent fools. We know what is actually in the bill! Do what is right for your constituents.
Please help me explain to my 90 yr old Aunt (your constituent) who's income is $204 SS/month that she will no longer have aid from Medicaid
I am a constituent. This bill cuts support for those who need it most, reduces protection for the sick and does nothing to improve our cost
And in case I wasn't clear - I vehemently request that you vote no! #NoACHA
it's clear to us in PA that you do not care about your constituents. This is wrong.
This bill doesn't seem grounded i reality.  Please explain how getting rid of the individual mandate is going to work out in the long run.
as you see...the tweets say vote no...so do it
wanna help....fix the probs with Obamacare..this bill sucks
You were part of a secretive, partisan process drafting a bill to hurt PA residents.   Shame on you!
Your dad likes this bill too. The rest of us--not so much. #popculturepolitics
the problem is there should be no replacement, again please show me where in the constitution Fed Gov has the enumerated power over HC?
Please vote no!
Will passage of the American Health Care Act affect your coverage or the coverage of one of your loved ones?
