Myth: Toomey represents PA constituents

Fact: Toomey represents big corporate donors
like it or not he reps a maj of PA voters . have not heard 4 anything from Sen. C jr  same old retoric. sorry need a HC plan not fantasy
And Casey has held town halls all over the state in the last two months. Toomey has held ZERO. Pay better attention. This stuff matters.
Where did he hold them thats what matters
When Toomey held NONE? OK, well Casey's all over the state. Pitts, Lancaster, Harrisburg, philly. etc. Google it.
calm dowm wonder woman casey was in public trans areas, my point, not where the rest of us live, and no solution from him just toe the line
My favorite feature is how the devastation mostly kicks in after you all have a shot at re-election. #timidpattoomey
Hillary won the popular vote by millions!! He said his plan would be better. More coverage. Less $.
Your plan is more money, less or no coverage!
Repetition does not turn falsehoods into truth. Listen!!! #SaveOurCare.
The senate does not hold public hearings /there is no debate / bills are written by a select committee in secret - WOW and this is America?
There lies, damn lies, and statistics...Toomey excels in all three.
LIAR
Hold hearings in Senate committees, hold a townhall.  Your repeated misleading tweets are getting old.
How does this bill protect those living with dementia or Alzheimer's? Medicaid cuts will harm our most vulnerable. Please explain TY #ENDAlz
Facts- republicans had 7 years to frame new plan, all R's ran on repeal/replace, R's got votes/lots of money on promises. Not ready to win?
Like this-@SenateGOP plan to decimate Medicaid will devastate rural communities, particularly children in those areas. Source @SenBobCasey
Fact: Pillaging millions of dollars out of medicare reduces the number of people who can receive medical care. "eligibility" isn't care.
I can't  this comment enough!!!
CBO is making a liar out of you !
And the cbo was correct about Obama care right?
Put you $$$ where your mouth is. Agree to waive YOUR insurance plan, and sign yourself and your family up for this "health care"!
If you want more people to listen to your side of the health care debate, stop referring to the ACA as Obamacare.
I trust the CBO. I dont trust you
The fact is the Democrats have not had a voice in this bill and you should want bipartisan input.
You live in an alternative universe! 22million will lose coverage! That's a fact
You had seven years to work on improvements to the ACA, and did nothing. It had nothing to do with Trump winning. Don't lie, @SenToomey
FACTS - cuts Medicaid / Hurts the POOR - WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW - THIS IS SICKENING - just make sure the rich get tax cuts/ the poor?
You are creating the myths!  Get real .   People before Profits
We don't trust your "facts" show us the bill!
Stop lying- just read @SenBobCasey whole thread on the bill, with legitimate facts https://twitter.com/SenBobCasey    Go look for your conscience
Even the Kochs dont like the plan.  Let's see what McConnell finds
Senator does the senate bill bring back annual and lifetime caps which don't exist with ACA?
George, your liberal parasitic and self-entitled attitude betrays your claims to service to Country. No branch of service promotes that.
This is a long con.  Eventually healthcare becomes too expensive and states bear burden of medicaid.  Then medicaid is replaced by grants.
You can't really believe what you posted right?  You're either crooked or ignorant
my family has #celiacdisease already higher food &medical costs.  Don't allow insurance companies to make them even higher
Give it up. We're not falling for your crap on this shitty healthcare bill. The CBO score is out and it's a disaster. Just stop already
You are so full of facts, maybe you should have an actual Town Hall to discuss them with more than 8 hand-picked constituents?
#DoYourJob
What about increasing costs this bill creates & all the new restrictions that allows one to obtain healthcare? #SinglePayer
You're right! The biggest myth is that it does anyone any good by uninsuring 22 million people
How many hearings can we expect for this bill?
Oh. about as many actual Town Halls Toomey has had....and that would ZERO!!!!!
When are you going to listen to your constituents? WE DON'T WANT THIS BILL. Start over bipartisan please. You are not working for PA.
The myths are largely what you're peddling
Baloney!  Stop punishing women for bringing the next generation into this world.http://www.npr.org/2017/07/05/535660628/u-s-hospitals-struggle-to-protect-mothers-when-childbirth-turns-deadly …  #lieslieslies #shameonyou
Here are some facts about your myths!
http://www.yorkdispatch.com/story/opinion/editorials/2017/07/05/editorial-keep-talking-health-care/447695001/ …

#MythVsFact
@SenToomey 1st myth you care about PA voters.
How do you go about calling your 2016 opponent "shady" and then start arresting people who beg you not to take away their health insurance?
FACT: GOP says ACA destroys ins for millions while pushing bill that KILLS MILLIONS! LIFE, LIBERTY, PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS!! Healthcare =LIFE!

No transparency #liar
#republicandeathpanel #partyOfLiars #voteToomeyOut #traitor #republicarekills #TrumpcareKills
I have Lupus, and no lifetime caps, & the ability to shop insur plans is vital to my survival. I live in York, PA, a constituent of yours.
Then I guess you have to get the economy moving faster than medicaid.......DUH!!! Do not vote for this bill, I am one of your constituents!
McConnell: "If we can't repeal Obamacare, we'll fix it" - so please do @SenToomey. We WANT you to work with the @SenateDems and FIX the ACA!
The facts are that this is only a tax break for the rich. You are a sorry SOB
Your constituents don't want you to kill Ocare.  So who do u represent?
You don't believe the CBO score because someone on it is a Clinton supporter?!
Toomey #lyingpat- show yourself in your district. You have betrayed your constituents
Fact is, @SenToomey you are screwing us over. At least be honest enough to cut the bullshit and admit it.
Just read Myth vs Fact looks like another myth.
Myth: No one loses Medicaid coverage under BCRA. Myth: Medicaid is unsustainable. Myth: Capping Medicaid is a "modest change" not a cut.
You are such a liar!
Senator, aca is all but dead. not even the authors knew it wouldn't work. their own words. Health care right? where in constitution?
Do you think we're stupid? Stop taking money from #healthcare industry and start supporting the people who elected you. Good luck next time.
There was a day when I thought a bad Repubilcan was better than a good Democrat.  No more!
How big is your tax breaks Toomey
CBO is a non-partisan group whose job it is to evaluate economic impact of laws. Why would I believe you over them?
The President doesn't know the difference between Medicaid and Medicare. I hope you realize what you're doing to PA.
Simpler, the Republican "plan" is a massive tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of the middle class and the poor.
The CBO report speaks for itself.
An author of a bill is not able to give unbiased assessment of it
IF you understood science you'd get this
How about the "town Hall" myth like you need people at one to have one?
My response to your support of health care bill: 1) cowardice in refusing to face constituents 2) moral bankruptcy in supporting "mean" law
Still no statement on pre-existing conditions. Looks like u will price them out of coverage. Part of  "some will elect no coverage" group?
You are a shameless political hack.  The FACT is that millions will lose coverage and Medicaid benefits. Liar.   
Your a creep u not talk to a real town hall just a hand pick group Time to go
Myth: @SenToomey cares about pa residents Fact: he only wants to line donors pockets so he can line his as a "consultant" after term #resign
You have lost credibility I'll stick with
The fact is YOUR Trumpcare bill will be devastating and Russia colluded with Trump campaign.  The truth will set you free Senator
Lies have become the trademark of today's GOP and you are among the guilty! Your info is FALSE and you are spreading #FakeNews!
The facts are, yu promised BETTER AND CHEAPER. The plan is WORSE AND MORE EXPENSIVE !  Hows that for facts ? Yu hurtin  voters who elected U
Psssst... Sen. Toomey... that should have been "There are many myths..." Looks like you learned grammar and usage from @BetsyDeVos.
Here are the facts on how your plan will affect your home state, PA:

You mean #alternativefacts @SenToomey . We aren't fooled!
Actually, here are the facts:
2022 won't come soon enough!
Alt facts at best. Also misusing the word "myth".
Re-framing an interpretation of circumstances as fact=wrong. Your bill results in loss of covg for millions. Oppose it. #OpposeBCRA 15126
Tax cuts for wealthy are tax cuts no matter how you want to spin it. U should b ashamed of yourself for taking Medicaid away from people.
The only myth about this plan is that it's "good". The ONLY fact about this plan is that it is terrible.
Fact: you don't represent the people of PA!!
One important fact that you should remember is that the people responsible for your possible re-election DO NOT WANT YOU TO SUPPORT THE BILL
Please use grammatically correct sentences. We know the health legislation is devastating to all of us who need it.

Fact or alternative fact?
Maybe the American public should receive the same benefits you & your cronies get for YOUR families, seeing as how WE pay for yours.
I noticed you didn't mention how pregnant women would be forbidden from joining Medicaid...
@SenToomey is lying to us! So he can get some brownie points from Trump. Please keep your lips off of Trumps A$$ we the people of PA.
RESIGN you liar.
Misleading people that is no fear sr
There's enough lies in there to assume it was from @POTUS.  How does it feel to be compared to @realdonaldtrump?  SAD!
Stop lying
Hey, are you in your Chestnut St Phila office today? Your constituents would love to discuss this, I'm sure.
We do not want this health care bill stop lying to us!
Lying 
Still with this?  We aren't stupid. No the first time, no now. #FactvsFact #NoAHCA or whatever ur calling it now.
You were in on writing it & you're myth perpetrator no. 1. Stop with the nonsense, lying & gaslighting. You're not even that good at it.
If Medicaid spending is not sustainable because of health care inflation,you ought to do something about the inflation,not propose rationing
It is not a myth that you will not face constituents in person. @TuesdaysToomey
"CBO makes a highly dubious prediction" - @SenToomey . You are not seperating Myths from Facts. You are just LYING to get what you want! F U
Commit to help drug addicts, not someone with pre existing conditions. If you really represented your voters you have same as me. Burned
That's a load of manure.  Stop lying.
Those are misrepresentations. I read the bill. How much will the tax cut save you?
@SenToomey and the @GOP have lost the right to lecture about myths and facts

Tell the truth, @SenToomey.  #Trumpcare will slash Medicaid spending by more than 30 percent, resulting in 14 million fewer people covered.
Your "myths" are carefully chosen. You ignore what effects your bill has and you feign ignorance that it will all work out. You lie!
Do you have any idea of the effects the uninsured have on overall costs? https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/politics/obamacare-repeal-coverage-loss/ … PA residents will pay more; you pay less.
Gov. Tom Wolf has presented the "facts of this this bill. You obviously don't give a damn about the people you're supposed to represent.
I live in pa....and I'll be making sure I do my part to make sure you don't get elected another term.
Myth no. 1. Those who worked on it care about their constituents. No. 2. It's better then Obamacare. No. 3 it's needed at all.
Liar. Tens of thousands of people will die every year under your ludicrous wealth-care plan.
There is many?? Insurance co's wrote to their benefit.$ from poorest
the fact is that it cuts medicaid and matches the cuts with tax breaks for the 1%. Leaving those that need it most to the mercy of greed
There are many *myths* about Senators who actually care about their constituents and put country over party
We aren't  buying what you are selling!
Toomey is proposing WEALTHcare, taking money from the poor, sick and elderly and giving a tax cut to the rich! SAD!
You're not going to convince me to support revoking health care for millions of people. You shouldn't support it either, by the way.
Biggest myth is that you care about your constituents.  This "health" care bill is nothing but taking from poor to give to the rich.
Nope
You're an immoral liar who'll be directly responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPDestroyingAmerica
Seriously? Didn't you take English class in school? There are** not there's. There's is the contraction of there is. Honestly!
don't worry toomey we know what to do come next Election Day we won't make this mistake with you again toomey your bullshit knows no limits
You should resign for dereliction of duty. You still attempt to defend a bill that will kill thousands of citizens per year? #MedicareForAll
Why are your views "facts" while other analysis is not, including devastating CBO score? Your sneaky nature raises big doubts.
What kind of human being lies to the detriment of his constituents? By definition cuts mean someone loses.
Did the Koch Brothers spin doctors write this crap for you. You can't be this stupid to think anyone would fall this garbage! Wake Up!
What a disgrace! You continue to prove why you are the worst Senator in the history of our great Commonwealth!
Right. Like we should believe you
We're not fooled by your lies. Btw, do you really want to emulate Trump? I thought you were a proud Catholic. Guess it's in name only.
@ASlavitt @chadderr Can you help clear up these myths?
Senator Toomey you can talk forever we do not want your plan! We want Single Payer!
Myth: Senator Toomey cares about the welfare of his constituents.
Fact: actually that's not a myth at all, they all know he doesn't give a 
At this point, @SenToomey, the only independent evaluation of the senate bill is the CBO. I'll stick with their facts in stead of yours.

Your commitment to falsehoods is impressive. Doesn't matter how you spin it.  We aren't buying what you're selling.
seeing as you support President Rancid Velveeta, why should I take *anything* you say at face value? you're embarrassing to PA
Alternative facts

Your constituents aren't buying your bullshit and we don't want this bill. Do you job, you work for us.
@SenToomey Says the Catholic man as he misleads his constituents.
Stop lying. 17% approve of this bill. Put people over profits. Actually listen to the people you work for (hint...it's us, not donors)
Why do you even tweet anymore?
#TrumpLies #trumpli #ToomeyLies same difference
Pretty much everything you say is a myth.
You sir are a liar. You lied on National Television. This bill guts Medicaid to give tax cuts to the wealthy. This is not a health care bill

The fact is, this bill is a giant tax cut for the rich and a slap in the face of the rest of us. See you at the polls. #worstcircusever
I know this. It's worse than ACA.
Yeah. No one is buying that. Also, way to avoid your constituents.
Stop lying. Your cohort, Tom McClintock published an equally duplicitous op ed in my local paper. We will be sitting in @ his office.
Ur a liar and a coward! Getting disabled constituents arrested? u r yet another disgusting politician w/ no regard 4 truth & righteousness!
Fact: The American Academy of Pediatrics opposes the senate bill because of the harm it would do to children. https://www.aap.org/en-us/about-the-aap/aap-press-room/pages/SenateHealthCareBill.aspx …
NO-ONE BelievesAnything Regarding Healthcare FromTheGOP Anymore! #ZeroCred #GOPLies #WeSeeU #GOPPoliticsOverPeople #GOPDeathPanels #MABlue
Oh! So we should stop listening to non-partisan agencies and only listen to people who want to win politically.  Why would the CBO lie?
Senator, on balance, ACA has been a positive benefit to our country. And slashing Medicaid remedies nothing.
8000+ comments on this INGOP call for ACA "horror stories" that you should read. 
http://goo.gl/oWxm6a 
Healthcare stocks have gone sky high.  Insurers betting against the sick and the dying. Shame on you, Toomey.
Fact: the national organization for rare diseases opposes the senate's bill due to the harm it would cause.
You are wrong. Even Michael Steele agrees that the GOP is using the healthcare bill to take money from the poor and give it to the rich.
Share this fact with us...what health insurance will you have if the Senate plan passes?
Fact: The American Medical Association opposes the senate's bill because of the harm it would cause to patients.
You wouldn't recognize a fact if rose up & bit you!
"Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" are unalienable rights - "That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among men"
To paraphrase Shakespeare: A #shitburger by any other name is still crap.1/2
Instead of trying to eliminate citizens healthcare, why not work on expanding it? 2/2
#LooneyToomey seems to have confused what a "fact" is. Don't worry @SenToomey   you'll learn eventually!
3 available, so some people will be out of luck? Does this sound like good policy? #NO
2 number of Medicaid slots & that you have to distribute these slots equally to all beneficiary groups. More people eligible than slots
Fact: 22 million people will lose their health care according to the republican-appointed CBO.
It's not as simple as people wanting to go without access to health care that protects their right to "life" when their premiums increase.
1 Let's just look at myth 1- equalizing able-bodied, childless people with other beneficiaries: Are you saying that there are only a finite
It still fails 2 solve anything. Remember Hippocratic oath "Do no harm". Start there. @SenateMajLdr @SenBobCasey @SpeakerRyan #Trumpcare
I've read your Twitter followers and I have not noticed anybody supporting trumpcare. So your much be NO!
This is disgraceful. Stop trying to take away healthcare from those in need.

who do you think believes this crap?  Caps wil KILL Medicaid.
All this so taxes can be cut for the rich. It will result in medicaid still growing faster then the economy. Economy will colapse with plan
We can all see through your cheap attempts at hiding what you have really done. #shame #voteNO
Do not spread falsehoods and call them facts. You are quickly losing any and all credibility that you once had.
Please explain why just about every medical group hates this bill. At an actual town hall, not some fake one on FB
So you're still voting for this Wealthcare bill no matter how many Pennsylvanians are asking you to vote no? Deplorable!
Yet you lie again. You have free insurance the rest of us pay for. Republicans are #TRAITORS #RESIGN
Coward.
The facts are that it's a tax cut for the rich! Start representing your constituents, Toomey!!!
Fact: U R forcing millions off their health care 
Fact: Y R eliminating Medicaid
Fact: ins companies paid you BIG BUCKS to create your plan
You do know your constituents can read.NO on this bill.If the state can't fund our schools how the hell can it fund Medicad. U r a liar.
Fact is too many will lose coverage.   You say you support r Vets chdrn eldrly disabld so why wouldn't u Cross party lines and VOTE NO NOW
The truth is Senator that you in the zombie @GOP do not think, hear or feel.. Sociopaths don't.. You will kill people with this bill PERIOD
Is the Congressional Budget Office lying?  If so, what do you plan to do about that?
You are disproven time and time again. Stop trying to force this cruel bill on your constituents. We don't want it!!
