"We're not cutting healthcare for 22 million people. We don't believe the CBO, they're biased, so believe us. Not them". NO!!!
Isn't the CBO non-partisan?! How are they biased?
They're not biased. Toomey however suggested that they are.
Because they did not give any facts that make this bill look good!
It is time for you to meet your constituents in person Senator Toomey.
Are you listening to any democrats?? Are you listening to your own constituents? Why is there only 17% support for your bill? Do you care?
Maybe you should appear in person so we can throw tomatoes at you for trying to steal our health insurance. #ToomeyTheTool #ToomeyTownHall
Not everything! But when you propose a huge tax cut for the wealthy on the backs of the needy, that is certainly attack worthy!!!
I can't even find it on the philly TV stations
I watched it online. Exactly ONE person from Allegheny asked a q; no one from PHL.
Did you just blame the pathetic CBO score for the Senate plan on Hillary Clinton. That is ridiculous.
And you insinuate that a staffer at CBO is unethical- maybe you are too used to dealing with Republicans.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
All I can say is, WOW!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This is wild. The tax cuts 400 families get from the BCRA equals the Medicaid expansion for 700,000+ people. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …
Preselecting questions makes for pretty shitty townhall.  Do better.  Not doing this in person is pretty pathetic too.
The President doesn't understand as the law, how is he supposed to appoint the right judges???
Why are you allowing your constituency to be arrested for expressing their 1st amendment rights ? Shameful.
Because they are not saying what he wants to hear!
It's not a 'town hall' if the 'town' isn't invited. Eight people?! Really Pat. Can we impeach you along with Trump?!! Bad senator!
More scripted than pro wrestling
https://twitter.com/sentoomey/status/882733581067468800 … Town Hall = ALL constituents! I think you don't know meaning of the term. #coward!
Going live at 7PM on @abc27news for a town hall to answer your questions. Hope you’ll tune in: http://bit.ly/2uJWuO3 
Be ready to answer all the questions truthfully, because they will be asked
Q: How much did the #KochBros spend on your re-election?
A: 3 million dollars!

Koch owns you, ya lyin' #KochRoach!
Your smarmy face makes me want to donate money to Planned Parenthood. #SavetheACA
While you talk to your pre-screened audience, there are people outside who would like to chat. I dare you to bring some of them on the show.
I need help. What the Hell is ABC 27? Help the rest of the country please. Is that in Philthadelphia? Can I just turn on ABC or what?
Invite only?!?!?  What a cheery, cherry picked crowd that will be.  Grow some, Toomey.
Fake town hall.
Bullshit! Prescreened questions by 8 hand picked constituents is not a town hall. #ToomeysLastTerm
Toomeycare written to enrich insurance co's
Why will you not meet with your constituents?
Hey why wasn't I invtd?U had ppl who Yes u to death there how do you sleep at ngt? ur kids and say i did my best when all u doisvoteprtylns
Cowardly bro. Hope PA wakes up to you real soon !!
ABC27 is being bought by the Sinclair Group, which forces local news stations to air Right-Wing Propaganda
Town Hall not a phone town cluster just want to know if you were hiding and work on this Senate healthcare bill.
Oh yeah? There are some folks right outside who have plenty of questions for you.
Watching live on tv now....8 people in the audience. ....wow...what a man
NFW! WHAT A COWARD!
ABC27 should NOT indulge this bullshit. THey are complicit unless they let in some dissent!
#Townhall You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.

You should have just sent the empty suit! It did a better job!
Not a town hall, not answering the real concerns.
How many non donors were invited to be in the audience???
Funny how all but ONE of the questions were from "invitation-only" republicans. You are a coward.
You took my advice! Miracles happen! Now, if you would only show up where the majority of the residents live...PHL and PGH, btw. Need a map?
He didn't. It isn't a town hall & Central PA can't stand how he sold out working families for tax breaks for the rich & lied about it, too.
Town halls are local events with people who are there asking questions. This is being on TV answering screened softball questions.
Exactly! And he'll claim he held town hall meetings! Either you believe in what you vote for and defend it or you hide behind walls. Awful!
"Give me credit for coming to Erie in January!" B* Please! It is January all over--that is your job!
Ur excuse. Didn't expect Trump to win. 60 votes to repeal AHCA was bull, grandstanding, no plan. Playing with people's lives. #Disgrace
And are you really claiming that most of the CBO's claim of lost enrolled is due to people wanting off the plan. People want insurance.
You are not providing any additional service or coverage. How is that a plan that is better for the American people?
Funny.  Looks more like dodging questions from concerned citizens and talking only with supporters.
He seemed angry the first q was from a poised protester.
what "town" was this town hall in because it was a damn small town & I live in one of the smallest towns in PA. Wow what a sham! even for U!
Senator, we ran out of time before my question in Erie.  Have time for one more?
Perhaps rather than adding money to the defense budget, you get your President to stop insulting our allies and provoking our enemies???
Hey coward hold a public Town Hall and meet with all of your constituents not just your chosen few. We have things to say & you work for us.
No, he works for the Koch Organization and will only meet with them in person.

While @SenToomey is attending his #phoneytownhall, constituents outside are being arrested.

#ADAPTandRESIST https://twitter.com/TuesToomeyHBG/status/882729948951322624 …
So you can screen questions that you don't like? No thanks can do that in Russia!
Please explain why it is okay to cut healthcare for 22 million?  And disabled Americans?  #ProtectOurCare #NOBCRA
And to use the savings to give tax breaks to the wealthy, like you and your buddies, the Koch brothers???
Well, that tested my nerves. Perhaps Toomey will grow a spine & start talking with actual groups of people, listen to them, and stop lying?
YOU yourself are on Obamacare? Explain yourself please.
You know what's not constructive? Lying about this healthcare bill. Providing massive tax cuts to the rich. The states will cut and you know
Good question Karen Moski!! He won't answer it
Soft ball questions that are set ups for you to pontificate, but your assumptions are BS.
Why are you throwing millions of people off their insurance? Why won't you come to Southeast DELCO?
How can you say Trumpcare will not kick anyone off of Medicaid when the CBO says 20 million would lose coverage NEXT YEAR?!?!? LIAR!!!
Good job tonight Pat. Do have 1 question for u tho--why are you and other GOP leaders not out there giving  more support to Pres.Trump?
If your constituents hate the healthcare bill you wrote, who are u representing????????
A real politician would have an actual town hall in which constituents would be able to attend and voice their concerns. You're spineless.
#SPINELESS
ON WHAT PLANET DID u THINK IT WAS GOOD 2 RUSH HUGE AHCA THRU CMTE IN SECRET, ESP W/OUT ANY MEANINGFUL CONTACT W YR CONSTITUENTS IN MONTHS?
I bet the Coward Toomey refuses to answer these questions on his twitter feed. I"ve wonder if he's even seen our replies? His constituents=$
OH PATTY @SenToomey and @abc27News
It's the party of no compassion. "Take personal responsibility!" What about those who have a disease that nothing could have prevented?
Fuck the 6ABC side amiright?
Come on, you know Harrisburg hates us on the eastern side of the state.
UNBELIEVABLE: disability advocates are being arrested for standing outside of Toomey's sham town hall. Shame on @abc27! #TownHallForAll
What? Any feeds? This needs to be talked about----
Yes suggest follow @WhatsPatUpTo 
they have feeds & I RTed to some TV channels
Not a townhall. #coward #hypocrite
#FakeTownhall
#FakeSenator
If you're too much of a #COWARD to face constituents then you have no business calling yourself a United States Senator! #townhall @maddow
How brave of you. Almost as much courage as you showed waiting until the day before the election to say you are voting for trump.
A real Town Hall includes people with opposing views, not an audience of invited supporters.
You do know we know that is not a real townhall, right?
Why not do a town hall in Pennsylvania? In person?
Do u have any clue on what is the definition of a Town Hall meeting? Ur constituents deserve to be heard
How many disabled people did you have arrested? Why do they frighten you so much? Because they tell the truth?
Sorry I missed it -- NOT
Meet your people FACE to FACE!!!
Great job, Sen Toomey. It was a very informative town hall meeting. Lots of tough questions.
I didn't realize there were Trump bots and Toomey bots 
you really looked nervous at the end @ the word PROTESTORS senator. That is REALLY telling about how honest this "town hall" actually was.
So far what I'm hearing is blah, blah, blah... everything is Obama's fault. You are a joke
Of course! A black man can't accomplish anything, can he?
Such BS - you got a phony audience #phoneytownhall #ToomeyCare
When you have a real town hall, I'll gladly show up.  IBut you won't do that because you are afraid to face your constituents.
You're not winning any points here. You're still a coward.
Heard you hand picked who would be there. What kind of town hall is that?
You are NOT having a dialogue with constituents!!! What a cowardice answer. TV and phone town halls are just places where you can lie.
 and 
This is NOT a town mtg. You get to screen the caller. Also, some of us don't get ABC27 so we have no hope of a fair shot at asking??????
Bull,  this is not a town hall!
Way to check the box! Where were you on the 4th of July?
You are a big liar.
Please don't call it a Town Hall with invited guests only.  That's called a pep rally
Sanctuary cities exist because this administration and he GOP can't be trusted with how they handle anyone who "looks"
Different.
This is not a town hall. #DoYourJob
This chickenshit needs to face his constituents live. Face the people who's lives you're impacting.
I watched this "town hall" of yours. and it was a nice  press conference sentator. same old failed talking points. over and over. all bs tho
An invite-only event is NOT a town hall. Wonder if those invites were sold like your votes.
Weak job growth under Obama? Do you even remember what it was like? You are being so disingenuous.
He hates Obama like the rest of the racist Rs!
The cabinet secretaries are mostly wholly unqualified.  And it shows. You're ok with that?
Like Betsy DeVos, who you supported?!
I guess it's a step in the right direction.
no it isn't. all it is is lip service.
That's a joke. Meet us in person. What are you afraid of?  Had to have questions screened
DO YOUR JOB, ABC27!
Meet us in person without the questions being screened. You don't run again until 2022, what's so scary about facing your constituents?
when you have invited participants, it is not a town hall.
Your democratic colleagues are not all big fans of ACA. They know it has faults, but know the GOP caused when the bill was passed. So do you
Your constituents would like to speak to you face to face....rather than by invitation only.
8 people is not a town hall, coward!
I don't see any responses her actually supporting you or anything you stand for.  That's what gerrymandering gets us.
We really would like to you to have an in-person town hall. Not too much to ask - really
That is a crap response....if we restrict campaign contributions, your competition is who gets hurt?  My God you are ridiculous.
What doublespeak! Welcome to 1984!
You mean for your invitation only rally with probably pre screened questions?
Yes, I bet you do. So that we can LISTEN to you answer selective questions. You won't always have the pulpit, Senator!
We've had a bill for some time? Crap. Absolutely NO hearings. You are too afraid to hear the truth.
So you are meeting with healthcare workers to get their thoughts? If you are going to continue this path then you are not listening #Coward!
Not a town hall when you only allow 8 hand picked people into the room. Open the doors and LISTEN to your constituents.
Maybe actual town halls instead of made-for-TV movies? Based on protest pics seems, plenty of your constituents want to talk to you.
Actions speak louder than words.  Can't even look constituents in the eye unless you pick who is there.  PATHETIC.
Why don't you open your so called "town hall" to the public.  #coward
Very exciting.when is Philly?
This is not a town hall. It is invitation only. Had any protesters arrested  today?
This is a ridiculous attempt at "answering" the public's questions.  @abc27news should be ashamed.
So is it really a town hall with about 20 people representing our state?
Are you going to require state governments to keep Medicaid? No.  Also why is it necessary to provide $800b tax cut for the rich??
Love your second question! It is unanswerable.
The only thing that you can say at that so-called town meeting is that you will be voting no on that horrible uncaring health care bill
But he won't. He helped write it.
The best reason to vote them out of office.
come to pittsburgh and philly
Watching so far 1? Asked but you didn't answer it
"live" with an invite only audience and pre-chosen questions. You're a fraud and we see it!
So now you are just smarter than the non-political CBO?  Now they are biased? How convenient for you.  Pathetic
it's not a townhall. it's an invite only livestream with only 8 people
#faketownhall
And the peaceful protesters, one in a wheelchair, are being ARRESTED! You're sickening. Toomer.
#FakeSenator
You're a sham.
A dozen or so pre-screened audience members across 4 TV studios? You're a coward, and you forget what the "town" in "town hall" means.
You must not feel good about your positions if you cannot defend them live and in person, Toomey!
Arresting handicap people as you speak.
You call this meeting with constituents? You are in a news studio. Have a backbone and get into a venue where anybody can join
This will be a shit show
Why is it an invite only town hall? Shouldn't all your constituents have the opportunity?
Invite only, all pre screened questions. What a sham.
York County. Great. How's about going on MSNBC and talking to the whole state? I know you hate us in the Southeast.
And the southwest!
This is NOT a town hall - it's invite only! WATCH LIVE: https://www.facebook.com/aliwonderd/videos/10154536635626927/ …
You contagious or something that you can't meet IN PERSON with the people of PA. Once again I'm sure glad I DIDNT vote for you. Out in #2020
So then its not a true town hall is it. Invitation only. Disappointed here in 19462. Show up Toomey!
Disappointed in 19026.
Since this is last minute, by invitation only it's not a town hall but a staged event. So I guess you'll be answering *your* questions
He's sickening! It won't be soon enough that we can toss him out of office!
Boooo! we want a real town hall. Constitute 19525
Have a great meeting.
Why are you cutting taxes AND healthcare? Explain how it benefits the disabled, elderly & sick? You still think people are 'burned houses'?
I hope you're able to address #GSEreform on #SenateBanking Senator.
@the_CMLA agrees. We need some updates, but not a complete overhaul with risk of handing mortgage system to Wall Street and big banks. https://twitter.com/FinRegAlert/status/882686806696890369 …
And shame on @ABC27NEWS for enabling you by hosting this nonsense. The people of PA deserve better. You were elected to rep us not yourself!
It will be interesting to watch you on TV while you spin and misrepresent facts. You have absolutely no consideration for the working man.
You never answer any questions from your constituents ! Explain how BCRA will give better care? Preexisting conditions? Prenatal care?
And why we need to give huge tax breaks to the wealthy?!
You complete and utter shitbird.
try going outside your office instead
First question: when will you hold a real town hall in the presence of your constituents?
Stop saying it's a town hall when it's invite only. You made your choices, now face your real constituents. Coward.
Why not meet the people?  Hiding behind a microphoney!
