This is what you tweet today? Nothing about how our govt has been infiltrated by Russian moles?
G did you complain about the Muslim brotherhood that has infiltrated our government for eight years
No, because that never happened. And I'm not a bigoted conspiracy theorist.
just walking through life with your eyes closed and your ears plugged up!
Why not visit one of your offices on a Tuesday and say this directly to your constituents?
don't hold ur breath. Couldn't even leave vmail during cab. nominations; no ans & full. Chk his donor list #clarity
to meet with idiots who didn't vote for him?  Why would he?
A) u don't know who I voted for B) Just as many of my tax $ pay his salary & health care as any PA resident
you follow looney Hartman & Rachel Madcow you voted for McGinty & lost why would he worry about who didn't vote for him?
because he serves every PA citizen not just Republicans. He is there to serve the people!!!! It's his job!!!!!!
if he had to pick you who didn't vote for him or someone who did, would pick who did, don't be stupid!
his job is to represent the people of PA and by extension the people of the US. He works for us all!
so is Merrick Garland
but he didn't get confirmed!  "Elections have consequences" guess said that?
Gorsuch is a radical conservative who would lead this country back by centuries.
I don't know.....you are a slippery little devil, how can I believe an impression of a slippery little devil?
Keep up the good work! Don't forget to hold townhalls!
Nope, your president is campaigning for 2020 so we'll have to let the voters decide in 2020. Shame how that obstruction works
you are unqualified to represent people of PA.  You are not working for our best interest. #youhavebeenbought
bravo He should #UpdateUrResume because we're coming for him. @justicedems @OurRevolution
The Swamp fights back.
k
"When they go low, we go high."
BUT MR GARLAND could not even get a handshake..you are so partisan...gop is disgusting
you are a constant disappointment. I look forward to you losing your seat in PA. We deserve better, someone w/ spine & character.
Choosing a SCOTUS involves more than just looking into his eyes. How will you make sure that your constituents are protected?
His disregard for rights of special needs kids makes him unfit to serve. 8 members of SCOTUS agree! Vote no #TuesdayswithToomey
Know who else was "eminently qualified?" Merrick Garland. 
#StolenJustice
#NotMyJustice
#Hypocrisy
#StopGorsuch
As long as you're from 1950!
Sadly, ethics isn't a @GOP strong suit. Consider the party leader.
what are your reasons here? And why won't you have a town hall in Phila?
is there any Rep. nominee that you wouldn't vote for???
And when is the town hall meeting?
.@SenToomey
Should Merrick Garland be nominated again by the next president, I would be happy to carefully consider his nomination... #SCOTUS
That maybe sooner than you think, Trumpgate 2017 starts now. Are you going be implicated in any of this blackmail?
Oh boy, I can only hope he is. Maybe we'll finally have a 2nd senator!
Merrick Garland!  MErrick Garland!
was Judge Garland?
hey did you ever meet with Merrick Garland?
He is yet another rich old white guy, which appears to be your only qualifying factor. #GoodOleBoysOfTheGOP
.@SenToomey  Merrick Garland deserved you're attention but hey this is a game .cheated another President from a SCOTUS pick. 
Love Philly
Pat is like Punxatawny Phil - he saw his shadow and crawled back into his hole!!!!
Don't put down Phil like that. :<
So was Merrick Garland!!!
Not for women.
And did you ever meet with Judge Garland?  Stand up for the press with the White House.  Or is hiding the new Republican policy.
how much is the payoff?
It's time for the #resistance to get rid of Toomey. He's been with Trump on every vote. B Devos was last straw.#VoteToomeyOutNow
when are you going to hold a Town Hall in Philadelphia? You know, to talk with the people you represent. And seem not to care.
He will follow Bannon  Do not vote for him
glad you could meet with gorsuch, now how about meeting with your constituents
So was Merrick Garland. Have a town hall, in Pittsburgh, to explain why Judge Gorsuch gets Garland's seat
YES!
No he is not.  You were as rude to Merrick Garland as your office staff was to me today.  @IndivisibleTeam
@Goinbi11 Unlike you, he is not in hiding. Tuesdays with Toomey will be your legacy for your no show shameful behavior.
How about meeting your constituents #ToomeyTownHall ? We really miss you and would love a chat.
Fix the contact page on your website. Coward. Only wants to hear from people who agree with him.
your constituents can't wait until your term is up. You don't listen to us. #resist
Yet the fine people of this state re-elected him. Shame on everyone who voted for this puppet.
oh I know. And now we're stuck with him til 2023
I don't actually LIKE that fact, just agreeing with you :-(
If you care about the constitution & law, you'd call for independent investigation of Russian ties in WH & conflicts of interest
shouldn't you be meeting your constituents instead? Vote this guy out!!!!!
obviously you wouldn't know qualified if it bit you in the ass. You said #BetsyDevos was qualified & she was an embarrassment !
hi pat, still waiting for a town hall in Pittsburgh. #patscrewedme
why should Judge Gorsuch get a hearing when you would  not even give a hearing to the Chief judge of the D.C. Circuit ?
49 years old is TOO YOUNG to be a Supreme.  Not enough life experience
let's extend him the same respect we did Merrill Garland
when the trump TRAITOR train goes down you will too! How dare you side with trump he's a TRAITOR and a ass!
it's a shame you're not eminently qualified to be a senator.
If by qualified, you mean bigoted, then yes. Otherwise, not.
#Toomeypay4play
If we all donate to a fund and send you the money would you then vote in best interest of PA?  #Toomeypay4play
But we won't be voting on his confirmation bc he was nominated by a POTUS who hasn't been reelected #LameDuck #YourRules
this is a disgrace. You have failed this state and country.
there is nothing about man that is good for the majority But did the Russiians interfere with your election like they are saying?
- Eminently disqualified because it belongs to Merrick Garland. YOU helped silence democracy.
seat reserved for Merrick Garland.
So was Merrick Garland.
Deeply disheartened to hear of your vote on Pruitt. Matches your vote FOR Polluted Streams, just signed into law 2/16/2017.
so is Merrick Garland. Funny, you didn't stand up and support him.
now that you had a valentines day meeting w/ the stolen SCOTUS judge, howsabout meeting Pennsylvanians across PA? #townhallwimp
. If the free press is the enemy - got to the source. Meet your constituents. #townhall #recess #timeoff #earnyourpay #letstalk
We demand a town hall and open phone lines in Pittsburgh. Stop running and hiding. Coward!
what is the nature of Russian influence on the Trump administration/organization/campaign? #townhall #timidpattoomey
why do you avoid Philadelphia, seems like the largest city in your state deserves to hear from you.
NOT!
I'd like to go to one of your townhalls next week. When and where will they be.
If by any chance you aren't having townhalls (but what else would you be doing next week) can I meet you at an office to talk?
We want a #townhall !  We need to talk Toomey #townhall !
Don't worry I'm eligible to vote next election #byetoomey
we need some leadership on the crazy in the WH!  You are sacrificing our country for the GOP agenda. Speak out!
Pruit...sad day for the environment. TOOMEY YOU WILL PAY DEARLY for ur continued support for KING TRAMP
Wonderful to hear how much you value transparency with your willingness to shove through @ScottPruittOK 's confirmation today.
and Merrick Garland was ALSO fully qualified but the republicans made up rules to block
your actions we will not forgive.
interview on CNN w/ Rep Mark Sanford from Georgia - very impressive . Having 2nd town hall in person mtg. You can learn from him
as a Pittsburgh Pennsylvania resident I ask you to vote for David Friedman as ambassador to Israel
nice to see you meeting with judges!  Do your constituents have to become judges to meet with you?
it is very unfortunate that you chose to replace a town hall with a last minute conference call. #notstrongtoomey
when will you face your constituents other than on a poorly advertised phone call? You are looking less credible by the day...
I fail to see how being a racist bigot makes you eminently qualified for SCOTUS.
your a hack toomey!! @SenBobCasey should be the only rep for Pennsylvania. He fights for us while you go MIA.
You must listen to your constituents, vote no for Pruitt!  His pockets are lined with big oil money, say no!  He will destroy us!
Loved  explanation of why you didn't answer phone calls "we don't operate a call center." Add, I don't care about constituents
when are you scheduling the town hall to meet with your constituents for district field work week?
What rural PA needs, more fracking water in its taps. Go FLAMMABLES!
What will you do when the Trump train derails. We will not forget that you sold education to the highest bidder
How much are your votes this month?
THE FACT OUR DEMOCRACY FEELS LIKE ITS IN DANGER AND YOU HAVE T NOTHING TO SAY TO #realPA shows that ur are spineless and a SHILL!
MERRICK GARLAND! Have u notice the only pple that like u think obama was a Muslim terrorist who was going to enforce sharia law??
how dare you vote for #pollutingPruitt before the emails that he illegally withheld!!!!!!
When #pollutingPruitt sends Oil company rants2the EPA?to help your constituents?How can you not even read the emails #DelayPruitt
NO.  He is not.  DO YOUR JOB.  U r not self-employed.  U do not represent yourself.  #SCOTUS
was Merrick Garland?   Why did you choose not to vote?
thanks for holding a 2:00 pm phone town hall during the week. What a coward!
if you had bothered to meet Judge Garland I'm sure you would have thought the same thing! #hypocrite #realPA
Your "teleconference" townhall today was a total cop out. Less than 2 hrs notice, no press release, during business hrs.
NO to Scott Pruitt, do you approve of his refusal to release correspondence with oil and gas companies to courts?   Delay vote
The man in the Whitehiuse is insane. How long will you allow this to go on before a major crisis occurs?
you  would not  vote  6 months ago  NOW WOULD YOU! from a BURNED OUT SHELL TAXPAYER
Please. You cannot seriously vote YES for Scott Pruitt. You will be on record as being on the wrong side of history. No Pruitt.
it is time to call for a thorough nonpartisan investigation of Russian interference. This is your patriotic duty. 19047
please vote no to Pruitt. Your constituents want strong environmental protections and a strong EPA. Pruitt is wrong for us. 19047
you're resorting to online town hall meetings?  #coward #SHAME #DoYourJob #PAdeservesbetter
Glad to see he's meeting with someone, since he's not interesting in talking to his Philadelphian constituents. #duckandhide
Could you explain to us why you think he is qualified?
No to Pruitt as head of EPA. Bought by Fossil fuel companies. Sued EPA many times. Wants to destroy EPA. NO!
what is up with ur townhall u have only 2 hours notice?
So was Judge Garland. You and all of the Republican Senators are a disgrace.
Impeach Trump!
Have yet to be acknowledged for any of my numerous emails and calls. How about a Pittsburgh town hall?  You up for it?
How do you judge that, haven't even had hearings?
WHERE IS YOUR TOWN MEETING, We need to talk!  You need to listen.
RHETORIC, RHETORIC, RHETORIC.  Just given your supporters that bought you the answers they want.  VOTE NO, Not acceptable.
Please give us more heads up for a phone town hall. I missed it.
Please vote NO on #PollutingPruitt's confirmation as next EPA admin. The EPA is supposed 2 safeguard public health & environment.
And why wasn't Garland?
When does independent commission start to investigate Team Trump and Russian connections? SIC not okay-suppressed info in Fall
Guess you haven't paid your rent for your offices -must have been evicted since you are never there!
After Betsy DeVos I think you've shown us your definition of "qualified" sucks!
this is why you're my bad representative. Take notes from bob Casey and Brendan Boyle. They're my good ones
Stop tweeting. You proved with your Betsy DeVos vote that you don't care about your constituents, so we don't care what you say.
What kind of calculator did you use to take this photo?
your constituents do not want him!
Excuse me Senator. Should you not wait to hear from your constituents before making such a claim? #SCOTUS
I'd consider your opinion important if you were eminently qualified for the Senate.
when are you coming to Harrisburg?  We have a few things we'd like to discuss
so was Merrick Garland - where was his vote?
Will you have a town hall to listen to your constituents? Please stop hiding. (Also, vote no to Gorsuch's confirmation!) 15126
Where will you & yours live after the US becomes the CONFEDERATE STATES??? Peacefully???
I disagree. This is 2017, not 1776. We cant pretend that the Constitution still applies in the same way. Vote no to Gorsuch 15126
And what about a town hall?
Telephone Town Hall with @SenToomey today at 2:05pm EST
http://facebook.com/senatortoomey/ …
thanks
Protect our elections and our country.  Investigate Russian Election Interference #DoYourJob
Why aren't you doing anything to stop Russian spies from targeting the President for intelligence?
No to Pruitt as head of EPA. Pruitt has taken 100s of 1000s of $$$$ from the fossil fuel industry.
grow some balls.  Independent review of Russian calls during the election.
you'll be coming back to pa soon.  You've never had a town hall in my area-ever-19063.  A lot to talk about, lots of questions.
Will you endorse every Trump policy and candidate or will you step up to the new role we need: Brave Republican who thinks first!
who's paying for this endorsement!
did he slip you a tenner? I understand that's the preferred method for gathering your vote these days, correct?
maybe you could sell tickets for a town hall get lots of cash that way.  #onthetaketoomey
I disagree based on Judge Gorsuch's attitude toward #womensrights. What is wrong with the highly qualified #MerrickGarland
Most likely is, But GOP have so purposely divided the country that now you can't even do your own job. Bought this on yourself.
RUSSIANS AND TRUMP- DONT BE JUST A REPUBLICAN - be an AMERICAN
So was Merrick Garland & you said he wouldn't be an "aggressive check on an administration." #Gorsuch will be for Trump? #DoubtIt
you vote for anyone that POTUS puts in front of you. You're a puppet in this disaster. Grow some balls.
Do Your Job! Demand to see Trumps tax returns!
there you are!  We've been worried because we can't reach you. 1.  Merrick Garland. 2.  Tick-tock...tick-tock
Pay Toomey only works for constituents that pay him. How much are you making??? He prostitutes himself#kharma
.@SenToomey If he is as qualified as Betsy DeVos, God help the USA.
I don't think so, Senator.
#NoVote until thorough investigation on Trump and Russia. Do your job.
you are a total fraud not representing anyone who doesn't put cash in front of you. #onthetaketoomey
when will you denounce Flynn and the blatant coverup of the Trump Admin...or the fact that Trump openly observed classified docs
hmmm yeah well Merrick Garland is by far more qualified and able to do the job fairly. You disgust me of robbing Obama a full yr
Do you hate clean air and water? What about Russian collusion? 19066 here... we need a town hall!
this seat was stolen. seat Merrick Garland.
unlike Betsy DeVos
given your hx, I no longer have any faith in your judgement. I'd hoped for more character & independent thinking.
and by qualified do you mean that someone has bought your vote for him?
You are asking about the leaks?How about asking why Flynn was talking to the Russians?Why did Trump leave VP out to dry?
Hacking the DNC's emails is OK,it gets Trump elected.Leaking communications between Trump's  people and the Russians is not.
Typical Toomey, avoid the issue at hand and talk about something that is not a concern
And FYI no one has ever doubted Gorsuch's qualifications, just the direction he would steer our country
Instead of tweeting this, could you please respond to requests from your constituents to hold a town hall meeting?
@PAGOP just like devos?
Are you going to DeVos us again? Step up to support investigations of  Trump's Russian connections? Town hall?
Hello? When are you going to address the crisis we have with national security and the WH? PA demands an investigation #realPA
Thank you for your representation of ALL Pennsylvanians. We stand beside you!
When are you going to do something about President Trumps connections to Russia?
that would mean that you have the ability to determine qualified vs not - proved wrong by DeVos vote!
What about the investigations for national security sit room of maralago &  Russia
Let's have a town hall.
please support bi partisan investigation of Russian involvement in our election process.
so was Merrick garland.
so was merrick garland!
No the good judge is not eminently qualified.  You are simply falling in line with Trump. Bad choice.  You will lose.
sorry senator based on your recent actions your judgment is not high on my list as one of your constituents
