Need to end inheritance tax. I may loose our farm because of it when my mother passes away.
i 2nd that thats money stolen taxed twice irs scam
oh but you want me to sell my farm to pay for my health care??? #saveACA
get rid of the ethanol scam
This little tweet of yours is innane. Be specific. You work for us. Name regulations & taxes. TOWN HALLS. UR hiding
@NancyPelosi @FBI Monday I will walk in Police office
@POTUS  I WILL WALK IN POLICE THEN INFORM ENTIRE MY POSTS RELEASED TO POLICE THANKS @VP @SenOrrinHatch @PortlandPolice
you didn't vote for him why would he?
no but if you are going to show up & scream & yell like a child then why would he.  Grow up!
Will you meet with your constituents. We have questions about your loyal support of trump.
: @PAFarmBureau also needs action on climate change! Our farmers will be hit hard by drought and changing climate.
"Hot summers are likely to reduce yields of corn, Pennsylvania’s most important crop." - EPA study
but @GOP doesn't see any value in the EPA.  Science is #fakenews
.@helpmymomtweets and that's why we have to convince people that @SenToomey and the @GOP are #fakefriends of the working + middle class
One of the #GreatLakes borders ur state (i know this is news) so what r u doing to save them !
How about scheduling a town hall meeting and let the people you supposedly serve speak directly to you. No courage?
very nice what you do for the farmers. I wish you had the same compassion for the federal workers and afge
i'd like an explanation of what the regulations are please?
Nice. YET you still have NO TIME for Southeastern PA? Millions in #Philly want to see you! You serve us too!!!!
Southwestern Pennsylvania as well. Pittsburgh wants to chat as well.
Your support of this dangerous, unhinged administration makes you responsible for their actions. Hope you're comfy with that.
9 more down, still 12.79 million to go. Keep plugging away.
you'll meet with anyone in the business world, but not your #constituents ... Sir you're an example of why #lobbying is terrible
Did it ever enter your mind that regulations serve a critical function? No, apparently not.
Did we ask for poisons in our food supply? Great job! Demand inquiry into @realDonaldTrump Russian ties
Excessive regulations, agreed. Poisoned water ways?  How do reduce regulations and keep our water clean?
this should also include issues related to land development in rural areas.
Is this to benefit small PA farms or just your mega-farm / agri-business overlords?
What excessive regs are you addressing? We need a sustainable economy. I do not want poisons in my food.
And water; Agriculture is the nation's leading cause of impaired water quality, according to EPA.
@PAGOP @PAFarmBureau they probably want clean water for farmland too. But you didn't speak out against the roll back of regs
Are you looking out for @PAFarmBureau best interests when you abolish the EPA? #hypocrite #coward
Is now when you stand up for #realPA  and put away your rubberstamp?  Maybe an independent counsel?
how's that crazy Trump working for you Senator?
wouldn't it be better to help farmers keep H20 & environ clean instead of compromising health & clean water?
give one example with verifiable data that show EPA regs hurt economy. #livesovermoney
please bullet the regs considered excessive and provide data showing negative impact to farmer and consumer
There won't be any economy left when the air we breathe and the water we drink are too contaminated
I raise chickens. I am a voter. Will you talk to me now?
how about you meet with your constituents when you tire of counting your Devos campaign contributions
We need to he sute that waste management, fertilizer use and farm runoff does not pollute our rivers and streams. From a PA farmer
Please show the spreadsheet that breaks down the numbers. Thank you.
Would be. Ice to have town hall meetings with you Pat! coward!
where is the evidence that regs are too excessive? Food security should never be compromised.
what about regs that protect our water & air from pollution What about regs that set state minimum prices They ok?
How about not killing the Great Lakes where is your policy
and the Chesapeake Bay... they just spent trillions of OUR $$$$$ cleaning up after those that hate regulations
Would like to understand 'excessive regs'. I'm not one to blindly go rah-rah. Can you provide examples?
We the people demand that Trumps tax returns are released to the American people! Stop supporting the criminal DT!
No women among your ranks? Nice.
not in #Trump's America. Unfortunately #Toomey doesn't care abt women unless they give him $60k

when is your re-election??? Just wondering 
not soon enough #FirePatToomey #RecallPatToomey
TOWN HALL TOOMEY
which regs exactly? The ones that keep the water, air or earth clean?
how much did it cost them?
Have a town hall in Harrisburg, an evening or weekend when working folks can get there! Not phone call with 30 minutes notice!
Name one regulation that shouldn't be there. Go ahead. I dare you to name an actual regulation.
we would love to have you in Philly for a respectful discussion of urban issues too. We are all Pennsylvanians
As a small biz owner in PA bringing tax $ to econ, I need the ACA. Meet with constituents, you'd know that.
Please detail expense for water purification for drinking water supplies that will be needed with increased chemicals leaching into waterway
Are you there to Pick up your Check?? All the cows I know are pretty satisfied...and things grow with water&sun.
Please provide the evidence of the excessive regulations. Details, please? Not just talking points. REAL data. Thanks.
what excessive regs are you addressing?  Good to see you can still meet with people. #TownHall #climatejustice
yes, please, a townhall meeting would be a great place for us to talk about all this.
please provide the data to support this claim
Yes!! Fair Tax Now!! Deregulations Now! Repeal Obama care Now!! Secure the borders! The Wall! America 1st!
Mr. Toomey, what is your official email address?  Why can I not find it anywhere?  What are you hiding?
Only goes to where ignorant people pay him & he plans to take care of. Rest of us stealing our HC Ins & inc r food
Toomey, when are you going to do something about Trump's ties to Russia?
Hey Toomey,  how about meeting with your constituents!  DO YOUR JOB.
@sk5395 @PAFarmBureau No more we have to find another
@sk5395 @PAFarmBureau I had to hold my nose to vote for you. I stood for you campaign for you and then you turned in to be a Dem.
@sk5395 @PAFarmBureau if you would be a real conservative we wouldn't have to to be going through it now
Are farm subsidies a form of welfare?
yes & they produce stuff what do people on welfare produce...nothing
how about meeting with regular voters. Town Hall?
why you didn't vote for him.  It's only 6 years....
you should concern yourself with poor pa residents about to lose their healthcare
so you're ok with things like cow manure and fertilizer runoff in your drinking water? Let's dig you a well Toomey
yes is that a problem?  I think you have been drinking to much manure
And how are we doing on that independent investigation of Trump/Russia ties? #Treason #Impeach #DoYourJob
Keep fiddling Nero. We're watching and remembering.
regulations that protect the quality of farm goods? Be more specific or hold a townhall to answer.@TuesdaysToomey
By "regs" you mean worker protections? Also: pls call for inquiry into @realDonaldTrump's Russian ties! #needtruth
When's the Town Hall? COWARD
why don't you hold a town hall philly area with more people Coward!
I  don't want shit of any kind in my water supply. This includes gas & oil.
It would be great if you didn't cherry pick who you met with, and schedule Townhall..w More than 90 minute notice
Does anyone know what 'excessive regs' he's talking about?  His answer to every problem is 'remove regs'.
#PAfarmers deserve clean water and have a responsibility to help keep it clean. Was this discussed? #townhall #EPA
#noonecares
only for the ones who voted for him, like me!
sure it does, you are seeing it now & not liking it.  Only 6 years.
And you need to hold in-person town hall meetings, coward.
I'm sure Mr. Toomey will get his cut as always.
using your tax dollars so keep on giving
When are you going to hold an open meeting with citizens?
he did, for the ones that voted for him like me!
When will you meet with constituents concerned about healthcare insurance?
what for its going bye bye!
@TuesdaysToomey - So ex-Club-For-Growth prez Toomey uses farmers for another standard trickle-down anti-reg plug -
You've got a lot more constituents in Philadelphia than on the farms across the state.  You should meet with us!
yeah but they didn't vote for him so you are on the outside looking in for 6 yrs
need to stop frackers from destroying the farms too... regulate those polluters instead!
no, keep fracking!
as long as they won't release what is in the mixture that they frack with... make them pay.
What's your position on Sessions? Stop hiding Senator.
@NBCPhiladelphia Emergency Pulling me Out of public housing immediately please!
total BS. we need to protect our streams and water sources from large commercial farm practices. #onthetaketoomey
do you have a source of these regs that are unnecessary? Or are these numbers as hidden as you are these days?
Hey @SenToomey, when are you having a town hall in Philly?  @PAFarmBureau
A 
warming climate could reduce output of milk & beef, which 
account for over 1/3 of PA’s 
farm revenues - EPA
but I would rather have warmer weather so bring it on!
Did u do your imitation of a "Chicken"?  Too busy to meet with ur bosses?  Remember Sir u work for PA Res not AIPAC
he sure doesn't work for people who do not live in PA, #fakeoutrage
to people who voted for him, so get over it
#HadOn
So THAT's where you're hiding today?
only to the ones that voted for him, not you
Do farmers want affordable healthcare? #townhall #letstalk #ACA
Did you all dicsuss remedies should fracking poison your local aquifers? #cleanaircleanwater #classaction #EPA
keep fracking!
you are a joke who is paying you to get rid of regs who does it really benefit not the middle class I bet
If Trump infrastructure plan relies heavily on privatization will increased # of toll roads help them?
after you and your @GOP colleagues destroy the environment, there won't be anything for @PAFarmBureau to farm #YourLastTerm
What, more farmer welfare? How many new jobs added today?
they voted for him #libslost
try meeting with your constituents .... you know... the people you are meant to represent and serve #doyourjob #coward
only the ones who voted for him, & you surely didn't
Don't forget to protect the access to affordable health care that the ACA guarantees Pennsylvanians
Farm Runoff is the #1 source of pollution 4 PA waterways. PA ermen & nature ers  R watching UR stance on this.
like you voted for him
@PAF armBureau did they donate to your campaign fund as well? Only donors get your attention?
would you also be willing to meet your constituents who need health insurance & public education? All together, like a Town hall?
only if you voted for him.  I voted for him and he spoke to me at a town hall
He is meant to be Senator to all Pennsylvanians. No?
with all of the vitriol & hate that comes from the libs & fake protests why would he?
you're funny. Have a nice day.
keep dancing since you are so bad at it.  Maybe next time you might win an election
Demand Sessions' resignation. We can't have a liar as top law enforcement official. Stand up for your constituents & our country!
I'm sure you're doing everything you can to keep the regs in place that improve market access for smaller farms, of course 
Urgent: Vote 2 get DT's tax returns so we know  extent of his involvement w/ Russ. Our democracy is at risk. Stand up 4 the US!
Mr. Toomey, do you ever meet with your constituents?
How about meeting with your constituents in person instead of just running to who gives you money?
GOP just want their palms greased and increase their personal wealth on our backs
what's wrong with that?  Keep working hard!
agriculture #1 polluter. Need ways to help curtail pollution so farming is sustainable long term. Raise milk prices
.@SenToomey @PAFarmBureau - what's your "tax reform" plan Pat?  Bet it's as good as that hidden draft new ACA plan.  #tuesdayswithtoomey
Hey, you know that Pittsburgh and Philly are a part of PA too, feel free to stop by and meet with us, at a town hall
Allentown us a part of PA also. Stop by anytime.
...and Philly. Ya know, just the largest city in your state.
will you also meet with your constituents who need continued health care coverage via ACA & Medicaid expansion?
no because it's going away
