What is the effective rate?  We know there are many deductions & most do not pay the rate quoted.  Try not to mislead.  HELP PUERTO RICO!!
Explanation 2.4 TRILLION dollars added to the debt
Only if you close EVERY single loophole, including the ones you take first! #GOP lies
Interesting picture, very pretty but all the info is wrong. Please research before retweet. I know you won't but I can hope
Toomey is going to CUT taxes for the RICH +Corporations- not for the average working stiff- and he wants to CUT YOUR MEDICARE - what a deal!
AND this is not a MYTH-he is going to screw us over and give the richest a TAX CUT -look it up for yourself! what a shame-you work+ get hit!
I am so sick of this GOP, feed the rich & starve the rest platform.  We see right thru this BS.  All @SenToomey supports is his wallet.
Sad you create misleading info to please donors & flay your http://constituents.Now , about healthcare:it fuels the econ engine of the US.
Statutory is NOT the same as actual!  Actual rates for US corporations are about 10 - 15%!  #doubletalk #misleading #smokescreen
Statutory????????   What is the ACTUAL tax rate??????  Tell the truth

But most businesses don't actually pay that rate. There are so many loop holes and exemptions that most businesses pay much less than 35%.
What's the difference, if hardly any corporations pay the "statutory corp. tax rate," thanks to loopholes and deductions.
Misleading statistic
"Statutory" tax rate is not the same as actual tax rate. Please tell the truth. Just once.
Our best economic times were during the era of progressive tax policies and trade protectionism. Educate yourself please
is this pre or post tax shelters?
Could you please show a similar graph reflecting the EFFECTIVE corperate tax rate?
Fact. Countries with happiest and healthiest populations are progressive. Conservative policies create poverty.
How about effective rate? I call bullshit.
Multi-millionaires get more than $700,000 back. The poorest fifth gets $60.
With all of the deductions that US corporations get, their effective tax rate is actually much lower than a lot of developed nations
AND YET AFTER DEDUCTIONS THEY PAY LESS THAN 2% OF TOTAL REVENUE TO TAX, GE GETS A REBATE BOTH IN THE USA AND AUSTRALIA
all you look at is the RATE - how about the actual tax rate paid after multiple deductions - some pay NOTHING - are deductions removed?
This tweet is so carefully worded that it's clear you *know* how you're being misleading. Effective tax rates matter, not statutory!
Pennsylvanians should be calling Toomey to hold him accountable for his support for the latest & worst Trumpcare!
Oh we call. And call and call and call. Toomey answers to a different master-- one who pays him big  to vote against our interests.
I have been hung on, got busy signals, been told I would be hearing from them...oh, I call...call and call...I have even cried on the phone
FACT !!!!!
Why don't you exempt yourself from this tax cut?
I call bullshit!!
Respectfully request that you find your moral compass and vote NO on this horrific healthcare bill. PA citizens deserve better!
As long as rich people don't pay taxes it's ok for the poor to just crawl up and die?  You are a bad person
And exactly how many actually pay that rate? Tell the whole truth ... don't give us more GOP myths! Just how stupid do you think we are?
Liar

How many companies actually pay this rate, so many exceptions, many I imagine sponsored by yourself for your friends
You know damn well that isn't true, and the Corporations in the US get away with paying nothing even if they are required to.
That part is true,  but we have deductions and loopholes that drop it to 18%. Fact!
The more important statistic is the rate U.S. businesses actually pay. Please show that as a chart, so that we can make informed decisions.
If we're comparing ourselves to other countries, we're the only one without universal healthcare. You know, something that affects all of us
The country's greatest boom occurred when the tax rate was 90%. We know corporations don't pay even close to 35%
Fact! There are more tax loopholes in our corporate tax rate than any other Country!!!
And yet we still can't prioritize and budget so that all Americans have the same health care plan as our Reps? Who do you work for?
Big Business is doing fine, thanks to the bailouts of 2009. Your constiuants are in the only civilised nation without universal heathcare.
With tax deductions  they get ,they don't  pay  this.
You know the data you shared is skewed,not a weighted average.US rate does not account for deductions and credits #Wearenotstupid
All myth. Support and vote for Medicare for all. That in by itself will make American business more competitive.
THIS IS PROPAGANDA! THIS IS NOT THE TRUTH! YOU ARE A LIAR!
Rather than focusing on the top “statutory” corporate rate, you should focus on what companies actually pay.
Fact. Effective corporate tax rate is more like 18%. See page 18. Gonna cut the loopholes and subsidies, too??  https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/reports/52419-internationaltaxratecomp.pdf …
Try these facts. They don't come from corporate donors.
FACT:those %'s NEVER NEVER get paid. You and other RICH people and company's have Your LOOP HOLES. Just look at Trump. GOP think we R Stupid
That’s dishonest Senator, most companies don’t pay 35%, some don’t pay anything.
And yet they still manage to pay zero in taxes every year. why is that?
This is a flat-out lie. COWARD.
Yea, but what do they actually pay? Too many tax loopholes mean many pay nothing or nearly so.
Not quite. As a percentage of GDP, corporate tax rate in US is relatively low.
What's your motivation @SenToomey - certainly not what your constituents demand.  #412doesntwantyou #toomeyloveskoch
Child labor will also make U.S. businesses more competitive.  Doesn't mean we ought to do it. Not a goal in itself. At what and _whose_cost?
Vote NO . Voting yes means the state can let the insurance cos will be able to charge ANY AMOUNT to people with preexisting condition.
And how many more loopholes do we have in us how many Corp really pay taxes trickle down does not work proven check history
And increase the deficit by trillions.....but who cares you will be banking all the money. It is disgusting anyone can vote for a slime, you
U r lying. Isn't surprising since you're also trying2kill Americans. Vile traitorous lying murderer,how do u do it?
Fact: You Toomey need voted out!
Oh we're doing this slide thing again are we? We didn't buy it last time and aren't buying it this time either.
So why did many corporations, pay ZERO taxes ??? Answer me that!!...Between credits and deductions, they pay nothing, less than me!!!
Vote NO on healthcare bill without CBO score.
I'm not worrying about corporations. I'm worrying about people with pre-existing conditions. Don't support the Graham-Cassidy bill!!!!
The tax rate may be 39% but with all the loop holes they pay much less.Give them a break by charging the middle class more is the whole deal
When it comes out that the WHOLE PA election was a farce & one that got you "in," I hope we find out who the REAL winner is.
#NoBackbonePat
Ask Kansas how low corporate taxes have worked for their economy.
Yeah... I'm a small biz owner. I pay taxes (just sent - bye, $$!) - tax cuts for corporations are not the answer. Try again-Maybe spend less
Thanks, Pat, for your tireless efforts on behalf of your wealthy donors.
You know what else we have? Highest medical and Rx costs. Why aren't you doing something about that? only care about your rich buddies
Rates may be high enough but collecting corporate taxes is a farce. Tighten up on collection, then maybe I'll listen to you.
Effective rate is more important & % of companies that pay income tax is very small as 95% of companies are taxed at the individual level.
whats the average salary of a SP500 CEO? is the statutory tax rate impeding their ability to compensate themselves?
Agree @SenToomey, but ONLY if the budget is balanced. Trickle down has never worked, and it won't start now!
Fact: few businesses pay those rates. Many pay NOTHING. Fix this picture.

Ryan’s 35 percent corporate tax figure, which comes from the OECD, is the country’s statutory rate — it is the... http://fb.me/5NwHa3KbG 

The hard truth about the United States is that the money other countries spend on health and infrastructure, we spend on war. https://twitter.com/AP/status/909912774465277952 …
#fact we are the only industrialized nation without universal healthcare
How does our effective tax rate compare? Looking at statutory rates is like looking at the "compared at" price in a department store.

Close the loopholes so they pay more than 8% on average...
The rich richer, the poor and middle class poorer is an abominable goal but then it is your party dogma. #MakeAmericaGroanAgain
You are beginning to lie as much as some of your worst colleagues. The effective corporate tax rate is closer to 13 or 14%.
Many of the largest corporations pay nothing! Tax breaks to people who will spend them have proven to be the biggest driver of growth.
Last time I checked corporate tax rates are not directly linked to me getting a raise.
I would believe you, if you weren't pushing it so hard. Then again why should we believe you in the first place, I see no reason now or ever
You keep using words that I don't think you understand, sir.  Try again.  Ask your constituents.  We'll help you understand the real issues.
No0o0o0o0o0pe. This is nonsense.
FACT: @SenToomey works for donors,  not for #realPA
Lie
Completely misleading, knowingly so, makes u a liar. What is the effective rate? Stop lying to you constituents. #MythVFact
Will not matter when health care costs skyrocket & workers literally die after GOP continues to assault health care. You're a terrible human
Bullshit senator flat out bullshit. Why do you feel the need to lie? This would hold true if our corporations paid taxes. But they don't.
Fact most companies use loopholes to pay little or no taxes.
Been a while since I let you know I hate you and think you are an empty suit owned by the Koch bros and DeVos family .
LEADER OF THE GOP: Uses global stage to threaten war crimes and genocide on 25 million people 
PAT TOOMEY: "Guhhhh, tax reform, guhhhhhhh"
Somehow, other countries also find a way to provide healthcare for all!
And an average effective rate of 13%, sir.

Exxon pays lower rate than avg middle class family.

Misleading as always.
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2017/09/19/white-house-nixes-study-benefits-refugees-report-says/681913001/ … #nolegstostandon
But how much tax do corps ACTUALLY pay? Riddle me that Mr. Toomey!
Forget the statute rates; rather look 2 the effective rates of corporations: 12%. Why should corporations make billions and pay 0? Ur donors
Maybe they should pay their fair share. When will you have a town hall meeting with your Philadelphia constituents?
Trickle Down Economics is a fraud, proven fraud. Don't go there. Wage earners pay highest taxes.
Nice twist that to make your lie sound like truth. Now add in deductions etc for the REAL TRUTH. #theresistance #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
You can run but you cannot hide from the real facts Toomey
Hmm, guess that would explain why 11 of the most profitable companies in the world are in the US. Just another non alternative Fact!
We don't need a tax cut for the rich or corporations. Repeated studies show they pocket the extra cash. Doesn't grow the economy. #taxreform
Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill. No Americans want premiums to go up for people with pre existing conditions. Don't support this bill.
More money to your rich pimps. Less money and no time for your blue-collar Pennsylvanians.
P.S. the health non care bill ....VOTE NO.
Now let's remove the loopholes and see what those numbers look like. Alt-Facts.
No it will not. Studies show that tax cuts go into the pockets of the CEOs and board of directors. Keep telling lies & hope people believe
Only talking tax rate & not subtracting credits & ded shows you think PA voters won't be informed. This isn't the 80s, PUBLIC IS INFORMED.
Data is easy to manipulate
Or maybe that was unfair and you just really need to take a financial literacy course.
You need to cool it with these mythvfact lies

Congress needs to appoint a special counsel to investigate if Obama's wiretapping was intended to influence the outcome of the election.
Were still waiting for it ?? You guys should have started with it but noooo had to play with fire instead .
No corps pay that rate if they pay at all. Middle class will get screwed again.
Have you learned nothing from the past?
Stop lying
It looks like your constituents are on to you. You have no credibility.  No right thinking Pennsylvania resident believes you. #ToomeyLies
And other countries can afford healthcare. https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/actual-us-corporate-tax-rates-are-in-line-with-comparable-countries …
They said that before but it doesn't work
That's a flat out lie. The EFFECTIVE rate is actually much lower.
Every day, I think, I hope Sen. Toomey is enjoying his tenure in Washington....it will be your last.
Know how in the movie biz, "gross" and "net" are so different?  For taxes, that's "statutory" v. "effective"; "statutory" = fiction.
Do you ever post any of these myth-fact things that aren't wildly and irresponsibly misleading or just plain inaccurate?
But none of em pay anything near that thanks to incentives & loopholes. 
Trickle down economics doesn't work. 
It never has. 
Please stop.
Pat,we hear you say something is wrong.  Here that a lot from the GOP.  So reform is needed but nobody is saying how to do it - details!
Yes and so why did GE and Apple and Ford and GM and IBM and .... pay next to nothing .... this is a fantasy problem.  Small business help us
Fact: we may have the highest rate, but that doesn't mean businesses are paying that rate. #HalfTruth #Sycophant #Coward #TownHallNow
And yet, if poor people lose healthcare, they can't become responsibly employed. What is wrong with you?
LOL who actually pays it?!  Baby, it's down to 1% of GDP. HOW MUCH is enough?
How much do these ovetaxed corps have stashed away in other countries?  Give us a break, we are informed.  #OurRevolution
You know what is myth?  Our Govt works for the people.  You are such a liar, keep your rhetoric.  #OurRevolution #TheResistance
Myth: Toomey cares about helping his constituents.
Fact: Toomey cares about helping his wallet grow at the expense of his constituents.
FACT: You are evil.
MYTH: You have a soul
That's not taking in account the effective tax rate after deductions. 
Find away for companies to get deductions for profit sharing!
Let's lock down good affordable health care for all first.  Stop the diversion to tax reform. congress clearly can't do both at once...
You use statutory because the effective is significantly lower? CEO comp. & Dow Jones Industrial at all-time high yet they still need more??
Fact: Trumpcare is bad for seniors, bad for vets, bad for kids. Bad for women. What's left? White men.
Are you not well educated or are you deceptive?  Effective tax rate is what corporations pay.
And yet we STILL can't figure out how to guarantee health care for all our citizens? Why is that?
That number is such a lie.
What about affordable healthcare, Senator? Vote NO on the new bill; stand up for all Pennsylvanians!
There you go again with your bullshit! Corps should be paying a higher tax rate! Just resign, already ! You're out of touch and demented!
Aren't you forgetting those pesky tax breaks?  Will they be eliminated for corporations like the discussion for individuals?
Thats a lie all for 1%millionaire and their corporate tax reduction TAX INCREASE for the rest of stupid idiots who pay you to crash them
You are not to be trusted.
Maybe we need to cut back fed & state legislature http://www.ncsl.org/research/about-state-legislatures/staff-change-chart-1979-1988-1996-2003-2009.aspx …
This is exactly the kind of citizens united enables corporations to purchase from whores like #theCowardToomey
These days anyone (even some 400lb guy) can create a colorful little graph with any info they want and peddle it as fact.
The U.S. is the only developed western country that doesn't offer its citizens universal healthcare. Wish you cared about that Patty Boy
But how much do they actually pay?
Look what country has the highest tax evasion , why aren't you going after those corporations?
Wrong.  Here is the tax rate vs the GDP.  You are using corrupt data
Very deceptive tweet since few if any companies actually pay anywhere near the "statutory" rates.  #loopholes
Nice phrasing. Try effective tax rate next
LIES! LIES! LIES! Corps pay as low as 14% because of loopholes and finagling!
Lying at,GOP goon, repres not Pennsylvania, not your partisan bs
Loophole allow them to pay much less than that. Also vote NO to Graham/Cassidy bill.
PA, has Sen Toomey explained healthcare $$ for your state will be redistributed to other states?
How Graham-Cassidy redistributes federal money

https://www.axios.com/vitals-2486505861.html … 
What’s the average effective tax rate? No where near the statutory tax rate.
If you vote for the Cassidy-Graham Bill, there will be no one left in PA to work for them.
You're joking, right? Most corporations don't pay near that. Stop trying to sell this crap. 
Also, vote No #GrahamCassidy bill.
This experiment is false. Corporate profits are at record highs. Corporate greed prevails.
What's the tax rate after you factor in all the tax breaks they get?
You know companies don't pay that rate. Don't mislead with your "facts". If you lower the rate close the loopholes
Tax breaks 4 rich will worsen an already horrible wealth gap in US. Sen. Toomey- are you as selfish and cruel as Republican tax policies?
US corporations (and citizens in lost wages) than any other nation. FAR MORE IMPORTANT than any BS tax crap you're planning!
(Sorry) we pay more for health care and health insurance...
Cutting taxes for the rich while gutting healthcare for the middle class and poor; meanwhile your office phones go unanswered.
Dump Toomey
But they don't pay it. Loopholes let them pay lower or no taxes, and some even get refunds, which are paid with tax $
An intentionally misleading statement is the same as lying to your taxpaying constituents. RESIGN.
This is an absurdity, the corporate tax is riddled with intentional loopholes and hardly any corp pays that much.
Whenever you are done with your self-interested BS lecture, I've got the Koch brothers on line 2 asking who to make the check out to.
I see nothing wrong with multi-million dollar companies paying 35%.
Show us the source of this information.
US Corp.s pay the lowest amount as a share of GDP in half a century.  From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_tax_in_the_United_States#/media/File:Corporate_Income_Tax_as_a_Share_of_GDP,_1946_-_2009.png …
The "statutory" rate is the rate no one pays.  The effective rate is in line with the rest of the world.  From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_tax_in_the_United_States#/media/File:Effective_Corporate_Tax_Rate_OECD_Countries,_2000-2005_Average.jpg …
Concentrate on trying not to kill us.
Go for it. Lower the rate and close the loopholes, they will will end up paying more. But I doubt that's what you have in mind.
Say what you really want. More socialism for rich and private sector, more capitalism for everyone else.
Tax rates are lower for companies in practice than in theory.  https://hbr.org/2016/12/the-real-and-imagined-problems-with-the-u-s-corporate-tax-code …. #DoYourJob

Here Robert Reich smashes the myth that corporation pay anywhere near the highest tax rate.  Stop saying we have the highest rates. https://twitter.com/RBReich/status/903299940474011648 …
Stop spreading lies. After deductions, we have average tax rates at best.
Yes but with loopholes most pay next to nothing
I even did a little graph with data on Wolfram. US Wages are so low in comparison to profits they hardly appear on the graph.
