
Admire it from afar Teeny, you will never see one!!
you gonna support his calls for realistic actions from the Senate?
Did you listen to his speech? Especially the part about "half-baked, spurious nationalism "? What ate you going to do about it?
Trump sabotages PA's healthcare. @SenBobCasey speaks out but you meekly stay silent you shameless coward
A true great American who stands up to Trump. A lesson for all of us. Don't you think so Senator? I didn't think so.
What kind of friend stays silent while the Fake President insults his service and his honor?
Your Buddy #Trump doesn't think so.  #OurRevolution
He is a great American. And you’re a greedy, spineless, do-nothing politician and an even worse human being.
Just another lie from one of the most prolific liars in the Senate. Pat you are a Trump lapdog and McCain is hated in the WH.
If only you had a fraction of John McCain's courage and character. Sadly, you do not.
He’s a traitor! First thing you’ve said all year that I disagree with!
A traitor, huh? Trump & Toomey have how many tours of duty?
How many did Obama have? Or Clinton? You seem to think  that only Republican Presidents must have service, keep it real.
I don't seem to recall them denigrating gold star families or blasting servicemembers who were captured. 
I can't see why he would be your friend. He's honorable and respectable, you're not pat. In fact, nobody likes you, at all, like anywhere...
It’s too bad that you are owned by Koch’s - McCain thinks you are weak.
Who, unlike you Sen Toomey, demonstrates his greatness by standing up against the growing tyranny of the Trump regime...
Maybe you should actually listen to his speech and stop being the coward that you are.
You can't even face regular PA'ians asking simple questions. Sen. McCain has more fortitude in his toenail clippings than you could muster.
LULZ. What is it that he trades?
You stand silently and allow him to be attacked by the leader of your party. Shame on you.
Trump threatened your good friend this morning on the radio! I've been looking for your defense of  Sen. McCain but I see you are hiding !
I agree. You could learn some lessons from him
Appreciate that you are aligning yourself w people of integrity. McCain. Casey.
Too bad he does not vote like his brand new friends
True. I’m hoping he’ll see that buddies like trump and Marino will destroy any belief or trust we have in him.
Sen McCain is a hero, indeed. Will you heroically stand up for the ACA, and tax reform that helps the neediest, not the wealthiest?

Well done, Pennsylvania voters. Well done. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/920029594811551745 …
Congrats .@SenJohnMcCain for being the HERO you have been so many times. #SAD .@SenToomey YOU want to take OUR HC away. #MAGA???
The country is grateful for your service, @SenJohnMcCain! You have shown bravery in many situations over your career.
Senator don't remember you defending him from President elect Trump's comments during campaign. That's what friends do
Toomey = Trump
You think mentioning @SenJohnMcCain will fool ppl into thinking you’re a decent American. Tell truth bout Trump, #realPA might believe

When your fellow Pennsylvanian, Tom Marino is honored by the pharmaceutical companies for crippling the DEA will you say the same about him?
Congress as a whole voted for the bill passed it then Obama signed it...our reps need to read before they vote
Meanwhile you are working to sabotage our healthcare. YOU are responsible for 30% increase in PA health ins premiums.
Uhhh, no... this is all on Obamacare.
Take your BS somewhere else Mr. Lion King
Yet I don't recall you speaking out on the occassioins @realDonaldTrump has viciously attached or discounted the good Senator.  Good Friend?
You should listen to your good friend. He has more intelligence in his little finger than you do in your whole body
Too bad you have no backbone!! What a friend, Sen. McCain gets abused on a regular basis by Trump and you play the dumb act! SAD!!
Stand with @SenJohnMcCain & @SenBobCorker and speak out against POTUS. Do something 4 good of country!
John McCain talked about a life of service. America is still waiting for congress to stop playing harmful politics and start serving.
Sen McCain doesn’t hide from his voters like you do, Pat. He didn’t hide from serving in a wartime military...unlike the Trump you support.
I don't always agree with Sen. McCain, but he's a man on integrity, so doubtful he's your friend.
#Pattyisasnake
You stay silent on all of Trump’s harmful comments. McCain's not perfect but he does speak up. All you do is lie about healthcare/taxes.
Somehow I think you really aren’t a close friend of McCain as you’ve never publicly backed him against @realDonaldTrump's unhinged comments.
Wish you showed his level of courage and integrity.
Finally! Something we can agree on.
You can see in your comments there is no safe place in the middle. Start working for American Taxpayers and Citizens.
John McCain has been a terrible senator, was a terrible candidate for president and is pursuing a path that harms America.
John McCains comments were ridiculous. You should understand the fallacy of his view.
Agreed.
Something to inspire to; too bad you don’t show the same courage and strength of character when it comes to supporting your constituents
Why do you support.@realDonaldTrump who said McCain wasn't a real hero because he was captured?
Be like @SenJohnMcCain and don't vote to let people die.
Yet you remain silent when potus mocks him.
You found Philadelphia!  Wasn’t sure you knew where it was.
You know NOTHING about honor or being a good American.  

Love,
The Millions you voted to strip health care from.

Let’s go 2022!
When Mueller proves Russia hacked PA, that means you also lost. How  doe that feel? You are a goner!
Russia, Russia, Russia.
*does
Yes he is! He has morals and standards and puts country above party! You won’t be receiving that honor!
I’m sure he doesn’t even know your name.
Does Trump know you feel this way? Since you never disagree with him
Did you stand up for Senator McCain when trump trampled his honor? NO!
What is it like to be the senator where your constituents cant wait to remove you from your seat and paint it blue in 2022 or maybe  sooner
It is self serving and adds nothing of value by saying "my good friend". Just offer congratulations and give the spotlight to John McCain
Pat rather than congratulate McCain how about asking him to step down to save any semblance of the conservative values he once proclaimed
John McCain is a hero for his military service, but all of the @GOP is supporting Trump's white supremacy and Russian ties #ComplicitGOP
Why do you let @realDonaldTrump insult him?
Too bad you did not glean some integrity from him...
Will your friend Tom Marino resign from Congress to be a paid lobbyist for the prescription narcotics industry?
McCain should be put out to pasture. It's time for a convention of states to make a term limits ammendment.
McCain, a man strong enough to stand up to "the donald", the reality tv pussy grabber turned president.
Your dog cutting subsidies means that 85,000 PA families will see their premiums go up 30% next year & it'll climb every year after #shame
He is a real man who stands on principle and not just a part puppet. You can learn a lot from him
Since you're in Philly, you should hold a town hall. We have a lot of issues to discuss.
So all the paid Union Thugs can bum rush the microphone Dems being Dems!
I'd prefer a poke with a sharp stick than a congratulations by you.
Congrats to McCain a true patriot, unlike Pat the Partisan hack

Pat, do you agree with VP that all gays should be hung? Even as a joke sic!
BS
Maybe an American hero, but a true leader, who are you guys trying to fool???
He's a good man. You're not. Stop thinking about the uber wealthy and think about hard working Pennsylvanians. Trumps tax plan will hurt us.
All you Libtards love John McCain. That in itself tells us all we ever need to know.

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
Just wrong
Then why do you stand by and let @realDonaldTrump  insult him?
#NoBackbonePaddy
I can only hope sir that going forward you show half of his courage on behalf of your constituents.
It’s called brain cancer. 2 years ago he was screaming repeal & replace where have you been!
A MILLION times greater than you’d ever HOPE to be, you jerk! He would NEVER pull off what you do to harm us,
