Killer!  This is what a death panel looks like. #deathcare #deathpanel

There is no 'imminent collapse of Obamacare'. Read dennisg_shea thread, you heartless creature. Remember you're here to serve the public.
YOU kill American children to put money in your own pockets.  YOU want to kill more Americans than Bin Laden did!  Shame on you! #BCRA
Do Not Pass this bill.Think about all the people & children how can u & @SenateMajLdr write a bill which u know is horrible heartless crime
http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-bcra-20170714-story.html …
#JusticeforVets
Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
Congress exempt proves it's bad.  That's all you need to know.  Repeal it totally or you are the lying Democrat.
Oppose it.
Thank you.

Important new finding: if @SenateGOP health scheme passes, 177 million Americans will pay more for insurance. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/17/how-the-republican-health-care-bill-could-raise-premiums-for-177-million-americans/ …
Will it enable all Americans to have the excellent care #JohnMcCain Johnis receiving?
You've somehow managed to make it WORSE? I didn't know that was possible.
WE put you guys in charge. WE don't want you to produce Political Theater.  WE want you to produce RESULTS! #CleanRepeal #TaxReform



I am a veteran. I live in PA, I worked for Bush and Clinton, I live in Chadds Ford. I have a security clearance.
I will meet you at your office, and deposit a check for any amount you want in order for you to do a town hall.
Good luck with that.  We even tried a "GoFundMe". Didn't work.  He just sucks monkey  nuts.
Yeah we read it. Don't take away #WomensHealth #ReproFreedom #heath #lgbthealth

A tweetstorm, just for you, @SenToomey ...a little more than 21 years ago, my wife and I attended our first childbirth class
my family has #celiacdisease already higher food &medical costs.  Don't allow insurance companies to make them even higher
Where is the better care? PA is watching u sell us using our sick ppl as $.  Shame on u n the @GOP  lying about who is being helped.
Republican love to fill us with fear over terrorist attacks, but more of us will die from lack of healthcare and that won't make the  news.
Senator, can you tell me when the hearings on this bill will occur? I would like to watch them.
You realize he helped WRITE this abomination. He's committed to fucking over his own constituents
How about just funding and fixing the Affordable Care Act?
Same crap, different day.
This is horrible & in no way better. WE DON'T WANT THIS! Work with Dems & save the ACA.
Can you show how you actually listened to anyone in healthcare while working on this bill? Or did the scrubs get in the way of your hearing?
#cowardtoomey always party first and constituents last
By Better you mean still really shitty right
greed/dishonesty, coupled w Toomey's cowardice before his constituents and treachery as the Russians undermine our govt. An awful person
We can do better for the American people.

Senator: There's nothing "Better" about it. As a PA voter, I urge you to vote NO. People's lives should always come before politics.
How completely out of touch you are, Toomey.  WAKE UP.  And please, please, please ... THINK.
This is not better.  your constituents cannot afford to lose coverage. Vote to protect PA, not make life harder on us. VOTE NO!!
if you really mean health care reform do it without taxcuts - but that defies the real purpose doesn't it?
Please vote NO. Obamacare needs fixed but this isnt the answer. I live in PA. Vote for me not the party.
McConnell is out of his mind and this will insure this is your last term in office.
You mean this bill? The one you're exempt from?!?
Medicare for all and allow Medicare to negotiate down drug prices. Free market capatalism has no place in medicine.
Senator Toomey with all respect your plan stinks. Worse then Obamacare which is a failure
The best way to fund healthcare is to MERGE OUR THOUSANDS OF HEALTH INSURANCE RISK POOLS INTO ONE NATIONAL RISK POOL.
Is #bettercare good enough for CONGRESS or, like #Obamacre,  just good enough for who it's for?


Just fix the ACA
Let's have a town hall in the Lehigh Valley to discuss differences between your plan and ACA. How is Saturday?
Please vote no.  We all know you won't and will be lining up at the polls to vote you out.
Perhaps should be called "Better Care Daft"
As my Scottish mother would say!
Are you proud of this bill the deliberately harms your constituents?
Let's discuss it at a town hall, senator.
We dont want this!  We want obamacare repealed!  You guys voted 60+ times to repeal but now you can't?
Still bad for middle class and poor Americans.  Still great for the super-rich.  Still a sham, @SenToomey       #Trumpcare #HealthcareBill
but no one listens to us. To the GOP, women and women rights do not exist. Can i have their health care plan?#TOOMEYWEWILLNOTFORGET
Oh please!  Stop with the stupid and untrue words.....just review and revise the ACA..take credit if you like but do not harm constitutes
Just repeal it we don't want government in our health care
Vote "NO" to trumpcare!
Did you literally add “better” to make you feel “better” or to “better” fool constituents?
Plz FULL REPEAL of Obamacare is the only this patchwork fix will not work. Free markets will. Many people R down to 1 choice in the mktplc
I stopped at "better care" in your title. You embarrass PA.
"Better" for who? what are you defending w/Trillion$ Defense budgets? "Shafting" Seniors, S.needs kids, Vets, is not the Christian way.
Still sucks... #concernedPAvoter
Count your healthy blessings.A cancer diagnosis is waiting for 1.6million people/yr. GOPbill=hicosts=no treatment=pain/death #prexistinginPA
Yeah looks great PAT!! Thanks for your hard work taking care of insurers and billionaires 
Vote no. Listen to your constituents
http://www.pennlive.com/letters/index.ssf/2017/07/sen_toomey_-_exactly_how_does.html …
"Better care" to Toomey means offering useless insurance that covers nothing in order to give tax cuts to the rich.  SAD!
Reject this mess!
Go Single payer
Nothing new start over you're screwing a lot of people out of hltcr Vets Chldrn Elderly Disabled and those over 50
Your constituents will remember this abomination at election time.  The GOP broke Obamacare.  It's fixable.  Party politics over lives!
NO. #NoBCRA Stop trying to give a tax cut for the super wealthy at our expense. The bill's name is a lie, just like your public statements.
This plan is unacceptable. So are you.
It seems pretty complicated on how this will improve average #realpa constituents.  Maybe some hearings with witnesses would help.
They could explain how this is or isn't an improvement over ACA in terms of #s with quality insurance and costs and protections from losing
So, no hearings, no vote!!!!  @KamalaHarris @SenBobCasey .....if less insured, less $ in system, vote NO
You can still vote No and stand up for Pennsylvanians, Senator.
Your bill puts hundreds of hospitals at risk.
$800 billion Medicaid cut-NO SENATOR.
Nope. Still sucks, Pat.
It's depressing how little you care about your constituents.
No NO NO NO NO NO
These changes are not good enough.
Covfefe! You get all wet at the idea of ripping health care from the elderly, children and persons with disabilities. #UnfitToServe
Your political career depends on how U vote, in other words...get your resume ready!

https://twitter.com/sentoomey/status/885527340142534657 …. I didn't find part where and rest of Senate are covered by this abomination!  It's not in there?  Oh silly me!
You can now read the updated Better Care Reconciliation Act draft here: https://www.budget.senate.gov/bettercare 
IF you vote yes on that"BetterCare" bill you will never be reelected. This is a tax cut 4rich and not a HEALTHcare bill for Americans.
https://twitter.com/sentoomey/status/885527340142534657 …. Better Care Reconciliation Act is an Oxymoron!  Vote NO!  Hold a Town Hall, coward!
You can now read the updated Better Care Reconciliation Act draft here: https://www.budget.senate.gov/bettercare 
This still makes GoFundMe the largest healthcare in the nation. Y not make healthcare like Medicaid so we NEVER need 2 go bankrupt for care.
Oh silly me we could do that if the @GOP were complicit in #treason and beholden to the 1%. #noBRCA #noTreasonTrumpCare
Yea, it gets worse for me & family. We r older Americans and my children's pre-existing conditions, we all see premiums skyrocket. 5 No vote
Bunch of old white guys sit around for weeks and come up with the word "better". That's your GOP government leading the way after 7 yrs. sad
Don't get old,get sick,get pregnant,have children,have drug problems or develop mental illness. You may be able to afford medical insurance.
Perhaps when you have your town hall with us you can explain how the elderly are going to be able to pay 5 times more for coverage.
You can go to the Kaiser Foundation web page and read their response. Kaiser is far more credible and knowledgeable than you.
Better care?? Better call Saul!!
still a joke - what about your constituents that rely on Medicaid?? #SaveMedicaid
this bill is a dumpster fire.
You're seriously an assclown if you vote for this !
Still sucks!  Republican plan to kill off sick, poor, and old people. #fixobamacare
No it still sucks...
How about you read it to us. Tell PA what it says in person somewhere not on tv or videotaped.
Health savings accounts??? The American people should not have to save for their healthcare! Try again...
I didn't think it was possible to make this bill any more harmful to your constituents, but you did it! #VoteNoBCRA
The new Senate health care bill — and the return of preexisting conditions — explained - Vox
Please stop trying to take healthcare away from millions of Americans. It is not what the people of PA want.
Quit now, Senator Toomey, you are a disgraceful disappointment. You don't work for us.
The name 'better care' is irony right? Maybe it's 'bettor care.' If I buy this insurance I'm betting that I won't get sick.
Care to explain this?
Page 148 sec 204 keeps the age tax from previous versions. This lets insurers charge older Americans five times more for the same coverage.
Now that Cruz is onboard we know it's shit deal! Shoving us down the drain Pat!
If you didn't remove the $1 TRILLION TAX CUT FOR BILLIONAIRES why bother?
Still NO! Millions of Americans will have their health care taken away under the @SenateGOP #Trumpcare bill:
It's futile asking you to listen to your constituents.   You clearly have a political and personal vested interest in this mess.  Good luck.
And if this passes, you will be forever known as the Lone Horseman of Trump's Apocalypse.
Also known as the worse Better Care Reconciliation Act.  As if this dumpster fire wasn't disastrous enough
Making it possible to pay for plans with an HSA doesn't really help since most Americans don't have available savings to put into one
I also see you explicitly made it illegal for abortion other than rape or incest to count as a qualifying HSA expense
Adding a 6-month waiting period for people without 12 months of continuous coverage is cruel. What if they're laid off? Why penalize?
$70B for high risk pools... where's that number come from? Will it be enough to cover expenses according to current spending and trends?
Why don't you apply the options to you and your family
Do you expect any #GOP to be re elected in 2018 20 22(your year) if this actually passes. USA needs a bi-partisan bill not a GOPlunder
FIX WHAT WE HAVE. 19090
When can we read of your retirement, Senator Toomey?

MYTH: Republican's health plan provides Better Care for all
FACT: It helps the wealthy and healthy. Screw everyone else.
Why is everyone so hell bent on a town hall? So you can disrupt and make a riot out of it? I'd be happy if he just answered questions here
ur actually serious? It shows 1)concern for constituents concerns 2)that he has the balls to take the heat

Shorter headline: it’s a scam. https://apnews.com/17b55c0c5a994d11b4974f83f7e8e4d7/Senate-consumer-choice-idea-could-raise-premiums-for-sick …
Just happened to see an old ad with you and your mom.  How ashamed she must be of what her son is doing to PA's seniors.
Why do you support this horrible bill?
White House budget wouldn’t eliminate deficit or do much to grow economy, CBO says http://wapo.st/2tQMoM3 
Where are people supposed to find the money to put into the HSA's??? This ill-conceived bill has nothing to do with care.
Sill has the most wealthy coming out on top while the rest of us just cross our fingers for our health to keep up.  Nice job, Pat.
Listen to your constituents: WE DON'T WANT THIS! Your rich friends can live without their tax cut. We can't live without insurance.
I read through, is there a provision to guarantee coverage on preexisting conditions?
Is this the plan that you and your family will be covered under? Without and exceptions?
Vote "NO".
It's your job to create and read legally formated files - not mine. But u know this and lie abt content. Koch bud.
Senator Toomey You know this health care bill is not better. Quit trying give Trump something just because you are Rep! Vote No !!!!
Oh look! It's still fucking terrible!
Why bother acting like you care. You are safe for 5 1/2 years and then you get a windfall from the wealthy pricks you are helping
How DO you call this the better care act with a straight face?
U rip away health care from the poor & make it unaffordable for me
have worked 30+yrs at the same job but it will cost 5x more due to my age
Democrats don't read Pat they just sign  remember that's why we are in this mess
basicallyn the young healthy people choose the bare bones plans. Others would be in plans that become unaffordable and lose coverage. Same
Which version?
You better pass or @realDonaldTrump will be very, very, very angry  (who really cares). Who's afraid of the big, bad Trump anyways?
You do the bidding of traitors who allowed hostile forces inside our nations house
Better? Better than what?
I'll wait for the CBO meanwhile I'd like to hear what @LindseyGrahamSC has to say... I know he's an honest man.  #TrumpcareKills
Looks pretty cobbled together. Really interested to see how the CBO rates this. At 350% FPL, it will still kick people off. Not acceptable.
It's not too late to change your shameful behavior around this bill and do the right thing for all Pennsylvanians.  Constituent, 19027.
You work to deny the will of the majority. It's un-American. You should be ashamed.
You are a monster
You can now deposit that trash here.
STILL STINKS. Talking points aren't going to FIX IT.  Spend some time doing REAL WORK on improving ACA not destroying it @TuesdaysToomey
Is Congress still exempt from your healthcare act? When it's good enough for lawmakers & their families, then it will really be *better*.
Pls expln to me how I am supposed to feed and educate my disabled 6yr old? Don't cut Medicaid. Help it.
You are only a Senator thanks to Citizens United.  You're a monster and I'm ashamed to be represented by you.
I'm sorry to hear you continue to want deny healthcare to the poor.  Pa will not forget
greedy evil hateful Senator.
This draft is NOT a better option. Scrap your plans to gut Americans of healthcare & focus on making the ACA better! #HealthcareBill
You used to be called a moderate Republican. Now, if Trump likes it, you like it. Toomey doesn't sound like you're of Russian descent.
Do you not have town halls because you can't say "Better" care with a straight face?  Probably not. You can lie with the best of them.
Single Payer System with health care for everyone now!
I second this!
#KillTheBill Stand up for the people's well being, not tax cuts for the wealthy. Shame on you.
Sir, please vote against any Medicaid stripping bill.
"An additional $70 billion... $112 billion in funding... $45 billion is dedicated for substance abuse..." And still cut taxes for the rich?
It seems to me that all the spending is going to come from the poor & middle class while the upper percenters enjoy tax cuts. That's crap!
Post your love of Trump-care all day, every day, but YOUR CONSTITUENTS DON'T WANT IT--and you will lose lots of votes for your support.
It's still terrible, Pat. We don't want this. Do you plan on ever listening to what we the people -- and tax payers -- actually want? No?
If friends/family are not convinced that #BCRA will impact them, send them to http://amistillcovered.com  @amistillcovered
Thank you senator for standing up for righteousness and keeping your word on repealing Obamacare.
