1 - Process matters. Rs broke precedent first by denying a vote on Garland.
2 then lost the popular vote of the election
3 - then failed to convince Ds not to filibuster, not because Gorsuch isn't qualified but out of frustration with process.
4 - Rs then change rules of senate, go with so-called nuclear option, which breaks with the entire history of the senate.
5 - then try to blame lack of decorum/rules change in senate on Dems.
6 - this is truly one of the most dishonest and repugnant series's of events in modern political history.
7 - shame on you for using this willfully dishonest version of events.  Voters will remember. ///
What's your take on a Russian colluding administration?
I would call what REPUB did to Garland a precedent. Of course, I have a memory longer than 11/8/16.
@GOP & you, broke government when you refused to consider a LEGITIMATE President's nominee. Traitors who put party over country. #PAresident
Senator Toomey should be fired-  your own dedicated Facebook page
Gorsuch never had bipartisan support and you know it, Merrick Garland did and you wouldn't even hold hearings. This senate seat was stolen.
@SenateMajLdr Gentlemen: All is see is politics as usual. Have you reached across the aisle? Did you forget Judge Garland?
You had the option to work with Dems and find a more mainstream candidate.  Republicans yet again put party before country.
Please stop pretending you are doing anything for your constituents .  18069
So going nuclear, not showing taxes, cherry picking Constitution & many Rep actions on Obama not breaking precedent? Calls 2 u = wasted time
Shame! Trampling our democracy to pack the court with your illegitimate, partisan picks. You have no memory, but we do. Resign now.
Your party broke precedent!  And you agreed.  Are you now #PropagandaPatToomey
you're drinking the crazy look aid and growing more delusional by the day.
You BROKE PRECEDENT when you voted to CHANGE THE RULES to ram your man through.   #hypocrisy
No one gives a rat's ass about "your take." #partisanbeforecountry
learn to use Google. The last Supreme Court fillabuster was in 1968
You are an embarrassment to the country and dishonest to the people of PA.
Revising history while making it. Enjoy your last term. #RealPA will not forget.
What about Garland - did he not deserve a vote? if he have gone this long with 8 justices lets continue until the Russia matters are settled
Sure.....if you can't play fair change the rules. The republicans wouldn't even consider the O'bama recommendation
Why don't you tell us at a town hall?
How many likes??  I'm from Erie.
Nobody is buying your bullshit but you, pal.
@SenateMajLdr Neither of you can take the moral high ground. You approach Mr Trump's kind of integrity. I am ashamed of you.
GOP decision last year on Gartland sealed today's fate. Actions have consequences and Mitch decided the senate should work like the house.
& the problem is?
did you read the senator's tweet?
Enjoy these next 5 years they will be your last in office. I'm a PA constituent with a good memory. GFY
Me too.
Me too
me too
I will never trust a Justice who did not call out the entire Republican party for #MerrickGarland.
the repubs broke precedent first refusing to consider Obama's nominee.  Gorsuch may be a good judge but the seat is stolen.
Here's my take on you. 
You denied Garland a hearing and a vote even though he was the official nominee. Now you change the rules in the middle of the process?!
HE'S  A CHEATER!!!!
Wouldn't it be nice if you actually held a town meeting on this topic? Perhaps during the many many recesses when Congress is not working!
You're a hack, liar, and conman.
How are we supposed to believe you when you don't stand up for us?  #justiceforslagathor
You and the GOP broke more than 200 years of precedent.  How dare you blame this on the Democrats!  Your lies never end!
Girl, I remember your Merrick Garland ads
When you tweet a #1, a #2 should follow which is what we got from the Senate. We in PA have five year memory spans.
please, nobody wants your "take".
Here's my take. You couldn't win so you changed the rules. Isn't that what a spoiled child does? If the shoe fits....
half your offices don't even take calls or voicemails anymore.
he didn't meet the required 60 vote min so the GOP went nuclear.
You are part of the problem. Show us you can work with Dems and hold a town hall. Then we will believe what you say and tweet.
let's not speak of the 300 Plus times repubs filibustered last admin.  All are culpable for divisive congress.
Please first address why the GOP refused to allow any movement on Pres Obama's nominations to D.C. circuit court.  We remember.
Here is my take... you broke 200 years of precedent when you blocked a hearing on Merrick Garland, and now decide that we no longer need 60%
You are by far the worst senator PA has had in my 67 years. At least Senator @SenBobCasey meets with us and knows what the public wants.
Your take means nothing since you are so afraid of @GOP to do what's right and to meet with us in person.
You are so controlled by the @GOP you can't burp without their permission. I've never seen such a worm in office with no ethics or morality
The are trying to save the USA from @GOP malfeasance. Listen to your constituents. You are supposed to work for US, not big business.
Your bad decisions to support a bad judge doesn't come close
Your take is worthless. You are Party Over Country.  Tweet when you truly represent your constituents.
What is your take on the GOP's break to not hold hearings for Garland?
Rs broke the precedent.  Your heard that lady say the rule doesn't apply to SC noms and YOU changed it.
Keep up the delusion and lies, pretty soon President Dumpster will reward you with a cabinet position. Liars are his special favorites
BTW...We were paying attention when you refused to consider Garland, so....
Your take is the money you are taking from lobbyists. Your take is from the hardworking people of PA. Your take is worthless to me!
Here's my take - Gorsuch lied, plagiarized, was evasive in his hearings - yep perfect Republican choice.
I'd rather hear your take on what you're going to be doing in Dec '22
precedent? You want unprecedented, let's talk about leaving a SCOTUS seat vacant for 11 months.
Not falling for your lies. I'm capable of critical thinking. You confirmed the appointee of a treasonous criminal. #Trumprussia
I live in PA. I vote. It won't be for you. Changing the rules doesn't make you right, it makes you a cheater.
18324 will hold you to account.
BS, @SenToomey. Two words: MERRICK GARLAND.
Um, you hate America?
you are an unprincipled Republican Shill. Get a backbone..
You're one strange dude
GOPussies
Last I checked patty, It was YOU who voted to break 200+ years of precedent. Take responsibility for YOUR actions. You are gone in 5 years
Here's my take on you. You suck.
200+ years of precedent - still more recent than the last time you held a town hall.
Here's a precedent for you : a sitting president settling a fraud case against him in his first months in office. THAT is a precedent.
Stop whining and just do your job.
That is some sick, sick spin on what YOUR party is doing. Oh, and again I say, you work for US, not the R party. Dust off that resume, Pat
You really are the worst.
You have no business talking about precedent after denying Garland a vote. That is a stolen seat and you know it.
WRONG!!!  You and your fellow Republicans broke 200+years of precedent when you refused to even hold hearings on Garland.
let's not forget Russian involvement in u.s. election. Gerrymandering soon to disappear. With out that you can't pick constituent
8 years of open Republican hatred of Obama ending in blocked Gorsuch & you think the Dems did this? I will make sure you're not reelected.
You think we forgot about all those Obama nominees you held up? You think we forgot about Garland?  Get a clue you cynical hack.
Liar. #Trumprussia
What's your take in the GOP doing that to Merrick Garland? Where's your outrage?
Respectfully, sir - you broke 200+ years of precedent last year when you refused to consider the President's Supreme Ct candidate #doYourJob
Who cares?
Apparently you do, @tabun99!
You are bought and sold. Your nominee is the same. He does not care about the little guy and says archaic shit about women.
Like you voted for him
Remember the time you defunded @PPFA and denied millions lifesaving breast, cervical, utérine, and prostate cancer screenings
You Republicans broke the 200 years of precedent by blowing up Senate rules to serve partisan loyalty not to serve our democracy.
Remember that time you claimed to be prolife even though you support legislation that ruins the quality of life of actual living people?
Remember the time you voted to remove #TitleX bc you fail to see that affordable contraception is the only way to reduce abortions?
Explain it in person. Have a town hall, coward.
Remember the time you voted in support of destroying the planet instead of looking to the future to develop jobs in renewable energy?
Remember the time that the GOP changed the rules in the middle of the game and @SenateMajLdr thought he could get away with it?
In case you haven't heard he did & it worked
You permanently changed the rules of the Senate to give a lifetime role to a judge nominated by a President under investigation for treason.
Remember that time you didn't hold town halls in Philadelphia bc you're a coward who doesn't want to face the reality of what he's done?
Remember that time you and the rest of the GOP denied the sitting president his constitutional right to appoint a new SCOTUS judge?
Everything u do is for personal gain, Not your constituents.  #notmysenator.
So?
#ConfirmGarland
We never hear from you regarding any of the scandals engulfing your president. And now this is the issue that prompts a 10 post tweetstorm??
No one cares about your take. You don't care about us, we don't care to listen to your party/corporate funded lies!
He only cares about who voted for him, & it sure wasn't you
What? It's YOUR fault. No alternative facts Mr Toomey.
Guess Senate rules only apply to girls@senwarren, the boys club is going strong.
What do you say to a woman with 2 black eyes? 
Nothing, she's been told twice already.
Poor, poor Carlos.  Strong women are so threatening to him, he can't come up with new material!  It's Ok.  We understand thinking is tough.
Uh, that's not how you tweet storm, Toomer. Can you do nothing well? Try studying @SenBobCasey's Twitter feed. He slays.
He won his seat again do ha!
You are deluded. And Pa won't forget. Hmmm.
Shame on you!
He doesn't care what you think either.  Only 6 years will you survive?
You blocked Merrick Garland and scores of Obama judicial appointees. And you're blaming Dems for the fact that you're breaking the rules?
How ignorant do you think Americans are over what Republicans are doing to this country?
Dems lost the election so they are not to bright...
Who changed the rules again? Did you all reach out to Dems?
Are you serious, Senator?!? You went NUCLEAR. It's called that because it destroys constitutional precedent. You broke it. You.
Toomey is a traitor to the people of the US. You put party over country. GOP has become a terrorist organization
Yep & the problem is?
MERRICK GARLAND
Who?
@GOP broke precedent, attempts to claim otherwise and blame dems is gaslighting
You mean the Dems who are losers
Typical lying Republican.  You blocked Garland and in 68' your party blocked Abe Fortas.
I don't care what you think #RealPA
He doesn't care either
Why don't you discuss GOP breaking precedent by refusing to meet with Garland.  Sorry I voted for you.  Won't do that again.
Too late
What about the Republicans breaking Obama s right to select for SCOTUS ??? Huh??
As big ears once said "elections have consequences" and boy was he right!
Save it until you have the fortitude to stand before your constituents and tell that to our faces. Coward!

Goody! You're going to mansplain something!  Why not have discourse at a real live people town hall vs virtual?
. @SenToomey keep ur rhetoric to urself. We pleaded with you to be a decent human and you ignored us. You will have to pay a price. #realpa
Pay the price? Like what your not going to vote for him...You didn't vote for him back in Nov
This tweet makes no sense.  Just like your decision not to give Garland a fair chance.
T'was YOU and YOUR PARTY that have broken precedent, as well as the Senate.#rationalthought #liesRepublicanstell
& it feels good
You don't address the fact that the Trump Administration is under investigation by the FBI. If Trump is illegitimate, so is his nominee.
#noonecares
Your party is cramming a nomination through on an active investigation. Blaming Dems is like blaming a victim for getting robbed. U r absurd
So what
So: the investigation isn't cleared. Clear that, and I'd love a Gorsuch conversation. Sex w/intern:impeached, Russia collusion:nada. Wow. 
You do not represent us, we are your boss, you are one lousy representative
Didn't the republicans have to change the rules after this to get a vote? Doing that is the same thing.  Just as not voting last year.
Seriously?  You've helped a Pres whose admin is being investigated for treasonous activities appt a SCJ.  Pathetic excuse for Senator!
Yep & it's great
Oh, Carlos, you're like my little twitter pet, trying so hard to "show those Democrats!".  You're adorbs! <3
You should probably stop being a coward and hold a forum to face your constituents
Make sure you piss off Dems in a purple state in the first tweet.
What a disgrace to PA residents
Only to the ones who didn't vote for him
How could you?
Very easily, he did
Nonsense
Small matter but the person doing your Twitter needs to figure out how to do a proper thread.
It's sort of funnier this way, like he has zilch to say to defend it. (Except of course it's not funny at all.)
Sigh.
You will not be re-elected but it's obvious you don't care anymore.
That's what many people said before Nov 2016
And he barely won in an election where PA went red.
He won by over 3% points & over 110,000 votes so he won you lost better luck next time!
You sure do have troubles with math, Carlos!
The Demmicrats made me do it.
Oh yes blame those dems...you wouldn't put party over country right? You are desperate, we'll hold on cupcake 2018 we will make the change
There are more Senate Dems in red States up for reelection so the chances aren't that promising
Never give up hope...
Spare us.  Was GOP withheld the vote from Garland breaking 200+ yrs of precedent then you cry victim and destroy valuable checks system.
Filibuster was in place to prevent extreme views from entering judiciary.
Welcome to new age where judiciary can be as dysfunctional as congress.  #ToomeyShill
Isn't it wonderful!
It's really rich that you have the Gaul to tweet this hypocritical nonsense. I'm one of your constituents.
& you didn't vote for him so why would he care?
That's the best your "logic" will allow?
Sen. Toomey: "I'd Consider Garland If The Next Prez Nominated Him"
You denied Garland a hearing or vote. Then you lost the popular vote. 
Then you lost Gorsuch vote. 
Then you changed the rules.
The president & campaign are under FBI and congressional investigations for election collusion with foreign adversary. Better hurry!!
As your constituent, I am not happy with your actions today re Supreme Court.
 #RealPA 19015 
@SenBobCasey 
@RepMeehan
Like you voted for him
Republicans made the choices. A choice made a year ago. A choice made today. Both choices were made by republicans. #YourChoicesAreYourOwn
I'm not buying it.
Think he cares?
You're so full of it.
How do you view the handling Garland's nomination in this context?
Looking forward to discussing this and other topics with you at your Town Hall in West Chester. #toomeytownhall
Merrick Garland
Who?
/1 Here's my take on what a coward you are. Too afraid to hold a townhall, a corrupt hack who sold his country out to Putin.
This is #gaslighting and you're VERY bad at it. #toomeyisbadateverything #toomeyisadisgrace
He got reelected so you lose
This is rich coming from a party that refused to vote on Garland. You are a liar and a hypocrite. And a coward who won't face constituents.
Koch bought traitor .
Tell us your fairy tale at a town hall meeting, that is if you ever grow a pair and hold one.
This pathetic tweet couldn't event crack double digit likes. 2022 can't come fast enough. Never too early to freshen resume Senator
Yep just 6 short years....It's so funny
I was going to read this entire thread bc I wanted to get your side of things, and then the very 1st post was a lie. So, GFY.
The Reputincan party broke every precedent going!
Who cares what you think. You certainly don't care about the people of PA . You're a little man and will never be anything more than that.
Here is a shocker....he doesn't care what you think especially since you didn't vote for him
Ah here's the kicker-he'll care a whole lot when he tries to get re-elected.Pa won't forget-this will bite him in the ass big time
We won't forget!!!! You've changed precedent and hurt the country. We will remember
& what are you going to do.  Not vote for him like you did this past election
Who the fuck gives a shit about what u think? Ur only there for the money and will put party over country every single time. So spare us. 
You're a partisan hack and a coward.
Meet with your constituent.
No!
Come on, man. At least have the decency to be honest about making sure the last president didn't get to have his choice on the court. #sad
That'd at least be respectable.
my take is you sold us out for $, that you won by lying about your opponent. We get dirty water, no internet privacy #payforplay
No one cares what you think
who cares, mr cowardly lion
This is a stolen seat.  Try to put  on a  all you'd like.  Can't wait until 2018.
Yep we won you lost
You do not represent me in Hershey PA you owe your position to Trump. But you have 5 more years.
& the problem is?
