Toomey Offices: 
202 224-4254 
814 266-5973 
412 803-3501 
570 941-3540 
215 241-1090 
717 782-3951 
814 453-3010 
610 434-1444
The Scranton number (202)224-4254 has been disconnected!
He very recently moved his office to Wilkes-Barre. Try (570) 820-4088. The 202 # is his DC office. Prolly full or the coward pulled the plug
A GOP endorsing "science"? Arrow you sure you shouldn't consult your Bible first?  Eliminate your religious bias then truth will appeal.
Stop embarrassing the state of PA and standing in for photo ops.  Do you job and force the investigation of the trump regime.
On what side of history will you be? We don't have to ask @SenBobCasey , we know he cares about ALL of us.

#Trumprussia 
#TeamTreason
You know that scientists work on ending alzheimers, right? GOP shouldn't try to undermine them at every turn. Town hall so we can dscuss.
Also, Senator, what did Putin learn when he hacked your email? What's got you so scared?
This too obvious as we watch GOP sit so quietly sucking on Bud-lite while tRump sells is down the river.
I am reapply impressed, Mr. Toomey, with how many people you can have yourself photographed with. Why don't you do some actual work?
Are you compromised?  Why no outrage that the putz you put in the WH is a traitor to this country?  Gonna keep riding party over country?
It's too late to help Trump's dementia.
Hey Pat!  You look well and rested. How about that town hall meeting now?  Interested in what you are going to do about Russian collusion.
Any comment on the firing of Comey?
Focus on draining the TRUMP swamp and an independent investigation
Unbelievable.  Even for you.
It'd be great if you could meet with constituents to allay concerns about the crumbling of our government's edifice. I, for one, am stressed
Where are u & WHY aren't u speaking out, calling for special prosecutor? Enough is enough! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
He also can give you tips on new medications that are being approved.
All you Toad (R)s should run off to Brokefoot Mountain & live happily ever after,
I hear Chafes-it has a very roomy, comfy closet there.
You look haunted and complicit, Senator. DEMAND A SPECIAL PROSECUTER FOR RUSSIAGATE NOW
Stand up for democracy!  Support a special prosecutor! Please do your job!
Sir, I know that you know that your seat is safe for 5 years. Is that why you find it necessary to ignore us? I have a long memory.
Sad that as news broke RE the Comey firing as I was driving home this eve my  lurched, always fearing the worst from this president.
Defunding them should really assist in research
Independent investigation?
Where do you stand on independent investigation and special prosecutor?
You people will talk about anything on twitter except the elephant in the room. . .oh, see what I did there?
What's to discuss how to make school lunches devoid of nutrition!
What is wrong with you?
Toomey, you had better be calling for a special prosecutor! If you want any respect!
That's really the most important issue this morning? Coward!
It was the media & massive protests that exposed Watergate! Will GOP choose country over politics this time? It's their choice!
Why do you tweet PR stuff and photo ops when there is a larger issue at stake at his time? And start answering our calls for Pete's sake!
No mention of the big story of the day? I expect to hear something from my senator on the firing of Comey. But...no
We are at a constitutional crisis. Get your head in the game.
The best way to end Alzheimer's is to kick people off their health insurance.
Special prosecutor now!
Impeach Trump!
as a PA reside  I am begging you to put your country over your party. Appoint a special prosecutor #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Do you have anything to say about @realDonaldTrump firing of @FBI director Comey and the #TrumpRussia or nah?

Please post more relevant and timely messages like your PA colleague @SenBobCasey a man who listens to and cares about PA constituents
What would you have said had Obama fired Comey for investigating Clinton ? Where is your outrage. You are useless.
what are you going to do about Comey!>
Guess you are just going to ignore THE ENORMOUS EVENTS happening around you & not comment on your own place in the system. #Healthcareforall
I'm wondering how you and  your white male friends are going to make my insurance better? Also, where's your outrage re: comey???
START TALKING ABOUT THE COMPROMISED @POTUS IN THE WHITE HOUSE! #Trumprussia is too important - WE NEED INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!
We demand an independent investigation now. Stop wasting our time. Protect our democracy now.
FUKN NOTHING ON COMEY ? R U KIDDING ME?
Please demand an independent investigation into the Trump/Russia ties. At some point you need to open eyes. This is not a partisan issue.
Do you hide under your desk George Costanza-style when your constituents call?
Special prosecutor!
When are you going to meet with your constituents? Remember us? Hello? Hello? #NoMoreToomey #WhereIsPat
Independent Investigation/prosecutor now!
Do something!  This country is in crisis!  You are complicit!  #IndependentInvestigation
Aaaannd he hates women. But so do you, don't you. Your poor daughter. Don't you care about her
Hey pat, let's talk about automation replacing promised jobs in the coal region while we're on the subject of innovation.
Awesome. Wow. Maybe he can encourage you to make sure the Senate's healthcare bill is actually good for all Americans, not just your donors.
did you tell him you legislate by bribe only.  #onthetaketoomey
Now how about calling on a special prosecutor into the Russia hacking, especially in light of Comey's firing today. Stand up for us Senator!
Town. Hall.
The head of your party just fired the person who was investigating his treason. And you are silent?! Complict, even?
You're not just a tool, you're an irrelevant tool.
Both  Pennsylvanians! #Tatiana
No comment on the firing of hard working dedicated government official as Comney? Not always agree w/ Comney but did his job, now do urs
Spot on timing, Senator.
Ok: is Als a pre-existing condition? Higher premiums will cause dropped coverage. End ALS, yes, to do that: Stop voting on bad  hc coverage!
How about you put a woman or minority on your healthcare committee or threat to quit. REPRESENT PEOPLE NOT THE REPUBLICAN TRIBE!
How about not voting to strip alzheimers patients of their health careas a step in the right direction?
You're complicit with the illegal, inhumane and greedy @GOP actions Pat. You deserve to be fired and barred from America. You're a traitor.
Hey, this is unacceptable.  Independent prosecutor.  Now.
BREAKING: FBI Director James Comey "has been terminated and removed from office," Press Sec. Sean Spicer says in statement. 
(Voter from 15227) ANSWER YOUR PHONES!!!!
Voter from 19454
