Tickets? Are you nuts? Is this a broadway show?  This coming from a man we call Senator!
How about holding a town hall with at least 100 constituents. You refusal to do so is the epitome of political cowardice.
Filled up in 2 minutes, huh?  Or is it safe to say you already selected your audience before hand???  What are you so afraid of Pat???
SHOCKED
I hope you are one of those republicans with morals
It's time to start firing the repubs for not backing Trump and put in business people in the senate seats like kid rock
Town halls don’t have 30 seats.
Odds of being struck by lightning in your lifetime: 1 in 3,000

Odds of being PA constituent to get 1 of 30 tix to face Toomey: 1 in 426,000
This is a TV commercial, not a "town hall."
Is a ticket worth it if your not going to show up?
Pittsburgh wants a REAL town hall!  This must be your new schtick, give 30 tix to your ass kissers & make it look like a town hall.  FARCE!
You're a coward. Hold multiple townhalls so everyone who wants 2 attend can. Otherwise you're a coward n u don't repect your constituents .
Do you believe in law and order or outright racism?  Those are your choices. Time to pick a side and live with the consequences
Tickets?  Why not live in person and not on TV?
Hi Anna -- registration is currently at capacity, but you can register for the waiting list to join us live.
A "town hall" for 54 people. That's one tiny town you picked. You're a coward, Toomey.
I'll post my question here: when will we see your statement on Trump's racist pardon of Arpaio? Abuse of power maybe? #realPA
Still waiting for your comment on Trump's pardon of Arpaio ...
We can always go by your office or house. All we have to do is stay so many feet away from it. How would you like that? Bastille Day dude
You wrote a disastrous healthcare bill and will never meet your own constituents to discuss it. Go to Philly, PSU, Pittsburg, etc. Shame.
When are you coming to Philadelphia to meet the rest of your constituents? And what about Pittsburgh?
It would be better to hold NO town hall at all than to insult us with this farce of a town hall.  Honestly, sir.
We don't need tickets to know that you are a traitor who does not represent his constituents and is an abysmal failure.
On behalf of the 834K hispanics living in PA, can you ask him if he still supports Trump after Arpaio pardon?
Do you call this a TOWN HALL?? Really?
Can you hold a REAL TOWN HALL in Pittsburgh soon?
bwahahaha

pat ain't leaving pennsyltucky
Your constituents demand you stop subversion of Constitution by president. His actions promote dictatorship. don't be a collaborator
When are you coming to York? #realtownhall #TownHall
You need to join with other Senators and stop the maniac in the White House. His pardon of The racist sheriff in Az. is crossing the line.
This is a joke, right?
How many more people will you have caressed for asking questions you don't like?
Really, only 30 people can attend? Where did ya'll see that? I must have missed it. If so poor excuse 4 townhall
Why is there limited participation. Move the event to larger forum please!
Hope you respond to growth of violence from Leftists in Antifa in your town hall.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/morning-mix/wp/2017/08/28/black-clad-antifa-attack-right-wing-demonstrators-in-berkeley/ …

30 tickets? Seriously #Sad
Phony. .. 30 seats. That's not a town hall for constituents.  Scared of a real one ?
#VoteThemOut
'Tickets' are gone!  How about a REAL town hall? Come on.
Wasting everyone's time - more like a closet meeting - 30 people u already prescreened as friendly-scared of the people you don't represent
You have a lot of comments on this thread Pat, how about a response?
The point of a town hall is that it's open. Tickets are the opposite of open. This fools no one.
Do you believe racism is okay? What is your stance on the pardoning of Arpaio?
Arizona's largest newspaper on Arpaio pardon: Racism isn't just ok with Trump, "it's a goal" http://hill.cm/BmimVmU  
This is not a town hall, this is a joke. Any action could be reason for ejection. Don't fart, it could be considered chemical warfare.
@SenToomey imagine that all r gone that should show you that those you work for need to speak with you. My home is open come to Levittown
This "town hall" has room for 30 people and already has a "waitlist" 
So now what with the town hall? When do I find out if I can go????
Need a bigger Hall

30 people is full capacity for a town hall? There are more people than that in line for the bathroom in most public places. Shame on you.
Quit!
Allowing only 30 people to attend and pre screened questions is not a town hall. Why are you not facing your constituents? Do your job.
Any statements on Arpaio pardon? Done without input from DOJ.let me guess.
Oh so cowardly.
Thirty tickets?  I've heard of bigger dinner parties.  Clearly you have no shame.
@SenToomey, do we really look that stupid to you?
This PA job creator is going to take a cue from @SenToomey and ignore the people I'm supposed to be working for. Excited 2 C the results!!
Party puppet pat - only a 2nd town hall?? Only 30 people  - is this to say "I listened"? Do ya think this represent ur constituents?  C'mon
30 tickets not a town hall. Are you proud of your buddy using hurricane to cover pardoning racist Arpaio? Time for him and you to resign!
Coward. You're such a joke.
May they rip you a new one!!
tickets were gone in less than 10 minutes. Sign that you need to have a real town hall.
You're obvious in your desire to avoid your constituents other than the special interests that pay you. #chickenshit
@MerriamWebster, help me. Is a television studio the same as a #TownHall? Or is there a different word for that?
I believe the correct term would be "Publicity Stunt"...
30 tickets. Are you fucking kidding me.
This isn't a town hall.
Hope every question makes you sweat:
#JoeArpaio 
#TransMilitaryBan 
#trumpcare
#DPRK
This is just another crock. Shame on Toomey!
Already at capacity.  Hmmm
hundreds of thousands should show up to this event. He should not support #WhiteSupremacists #jimcrow
Can we have an unequivocal condemnation of the Arpaio pardon please? Show us you're interested in something other than high income tax cuts
Thanks for the advance notice
Time for the good people of PA to show up in their very best chicken suits and s***kickers. Only the best for Pat!
Don't let them destroy this.No Atlantic drilling. Your constituents love the beach and fresh seafood. Tourism employs more then oil.
Sen Toomey is nothing but a poser - afraid to meet with his own constituents !
Sitting behind a TV camera with 30 of your fans is NOT a town hall. #getridoftoomey
With only 30 tix offered, how is this a #TownHall? Come 2 ur #Philly office TH Tues. & replace the papermache head.
What? 30?
That's not a town hall. Also you support a white supremacist who just went on a weekend vacation after a 17 day vacation
Is it bipartisan? Where is your condemnation of this horrible pardon?
I stand w/ @SenJohnMcCain. The opposition to this abuse of the pardon process is bipartisan. https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/901276851561222144 …
Or a statement like this?
Presidential pardons should not be rewards for bad behavior and discrimination. Granting a pardon to Joe Arpaio is shameful and appalling.
Bwa ha ha...You must get tickets to see your senator. All 30 of you lucky lottery winners. Don't forget 2 have questions for pre screening

Are the ticket holders vetted to check their political party?
Will you release a statement like this? Or do you support @POTUS undermining the rule of law? Where do you stand?
.@POTUS's pardon of Joe Arpaio, who illegally profiled Latinos, undermines his claim for the respect of rule of law https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=3B0E692D-FFEB-4F6C-ADF9-C3F598E94D2A …
huh....looks like no tickets available. Shocker. #MySenatorIsACoward
This isn't a town hall, it's a campaign event.
Tell the truth! Gov't is controlled by deeply entrenched cancer of corruption. A vile and despicable fraud on America is occurring.
Why can't u have these on a Saturday? Oh wait cause u don't want to hear from the majority of ur constituents that don't like what u r doing
Such bravery, @SenToomey , facing an audience of 35 carefully selected supporters all by yourself.
So you're good with the Arpaio pardon? #CensureTrump #FakeTownHall
Hey Senator, Trump just pardoned a guy who ignored a federal court order to stop committing atrocities. When are you going to impeach?
Better be thousands standing outside with their questions raised high for the news cameras. #voteThemOut
Sad that you spend time searching for ways to avoid the very people who gave you this job.  #thisisnotatownhall #toomeycoward
Okay Pat, now schedule one in Western PA.
Tickets? That's a good way to keep everyone that disagrees with you & Trump out. What kind of Softball questions will you get?
Pre submitted and screened ones
Calling this a town hall is like calling you a senator who speaks truth to Trump.
Can you please address why you won't address your constituents during a live event, with enough time for us to plan on attending?
@SenWarren just held a town hall for 800. If she can do it, so can you. 
Also, where is your Arpaio pardon stmt expressing outrage at POTUS?
Casey had 200+ . One college campus guard directing people in the hall. There was a speech as the beginning to keep it polite, no "contract"
EX Former Disgraced fake Senator
#NotOnePenny
I've always said that Reagan was the worst thing that ever happened to this country.
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL.
Let's make it simple, get 45 out of WH. Stand for your country. Keep your 35 tickets.
Actions speak louder than rehearsed responses. 
Only a fool would attend ur town hall expecting anything other than your typical pablum (BS)
PBS? RINOS are clueless fools. Toomey will be gone soon enough
All 54
Nope. 54 tickets total but 30 available to the general public 
Another crap show.  As expected.
When is your town hall scheduled in Philadelphia?  #coward #GOPLies #GaslightingAmerica
Heard there were only 54 seats & everyone has been hand picked by your staff & the questions are approved in advance
This "town hall" is a real farce. #TuesdayswithToomey #GOP #CensureTrump #Censure  #HR496
Wow! This is the most time you have given a notification for your so called town halls! Hope u r going to answer y u r backing Traitor trump
35 tickets available to public. ~13 million PA residents. I look forward to watching on TV and hope you will host MANY more #doyourjob
You call that a town hall?
Tickets???? This isn't a Town Hall and you are a coward
This is not a town hall. This is 30 friends listening to you. Come to Philly and open the doors. Are you afraid?
Are you afraid of your constituents?
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
When will you hold a town hall in Philly?
#CensureTrump #Censure  #HR496
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
This should be interesting.
