When is your town hall? You inept Republican.
Im just gonna leave this here....
You sold us out big time. Move over and let Dent take your seat!  Thanks for destroying our right to privacy!
stop being a coward and meet your constituents #doyourjob
Who voted for you to pimp out our browser history? Even YOUR voters will resent you every time they log in. #townhall #privacymatters
Great - Confirm Gorsuch and repel and replace Obama Care with a few market solution.
Great, we want an in person meeting!  We want to look into your eyes.
Did you talk about how the only town halls have been held without you present?
Yet no town meetings with your constituents. You're not royalty. You are our representative in the Senate. Who are you working for?
But still no town hall?
Town hall face to face coward
wonder if Sue has the guts to ask you why you've been hiding from your constituents?
Just noticed your name. Funny. At least w/Corbett there WILK wasn't so Alex Jonesy now it is completely unlistenable at least for me.
Corbett was a joke ... acted tough .. but politicians laughed at him ... he wasn't even worth them returning a phone call !
Why? Same old partisan BS, which completely ignores what WE want. Remember us? In your home district? Still a wealthy clueless weasel.
Our president* conspired with a foreign power to achieve his office. And you are silent. We see you.
Please stop hiding from the people you are supposed to represent. When will you meet with your constituents?
When will you hold a real town hall to explain the reasoning behind votes to defund the EPA? Constituents tired of being ignored. #realpa
Senator, please help to stop #H1B visa disaster. It hurts everybody regardless of the political affiliation. It is a real issue.
blow your own horn all you want Pat but we all know you suck as our senator.  Where's our town hall? Afraid to meet constituents?
How do you sleep at night Pat?  I guess a sense of fundamental decency is parceled out unevenly at birth.  U got slighted!  #sucksforus
We wish you would listen to your constituents, Sen Toomey. Delay the vote until we know Trump didn't collude w 
The WSJ story on Flynn's possible indictment highlights the legitimacy of #TrumpRussia and why we have to delay the Gorsuch vote @SenToomey https://twitter.com/whatspatupto/status/847265495040499713 …
Why are there no opportunities to call in? You don't want to hear from your constituents?
Listen to your constituents. Why don't you allow people to talk to you? You are supposed to represent us, not trump.
Rather watch looney tunes! When will you stand up for all of your constituents!
Did you talk about how qualified Garland was, but you didn't stand up for his right to have a hearing and vote?
Did you talk about how the big contribution from Comcast was worth more to you than the Internet privacy of your constituents?
Cock
All you are is just a walking, talking cock in a suit.
Town Hall, Please. You absentee rubber stamp coward.
did Sue ask you about the $143,000 Comcast paid you to vote against our internet privacy? #onthetaketoomey
How much money did she give you to get you to listen to her? You sure don't listen to your constituents. #DoYourJob #CountryOverParty
will you be annoucing the date for an upcoming town hall? That would be soooooo great!
Delay the #Gorsuch nomination until after the #TrumpRussia investigation. Unless you want #TreasonousTrump to nominate a #SCOTUS justice.
No thanks. I'd rather see you in a Town Hall meeting. COWARD
No, Senator, listen here: Your constituents want you to listen to PA not the out-of-state rich donors you've sold us to. Hold town halls.
who cares.
Replace Toomey in 2018 with a Democrat who will listen to his people.
How much is she paying you?
How much did you get from Comcast?  From DeVos?  HR 610 is the "Destroy Local Schools" bill.
he received $65,000 from amway lady, and $143,000 from Comcast
Sue will just massage his ego. WILK has turned rabid right wing. Had to stop listening. Now even Corbett is gone. The crazies took over.
You don't need Trump.  You'll be there when he is gone so why vote for Gorsuch.  Stand up for yourself.
We vote for you, you listen to us, you meet with us and you represent us. that's the deal you made. how honor it.
Doesn't it suck to have to represent all of us?
Can you please stop being a trump ride or die & listen to the constituents you represent
Toomey is a gutless @GOP puppy dog whose loyalties to are his party and not Pennsylvanians
Are you calling in from an undisclosed bunker?
How about you stop being a bad senator and meet with the people
