Not enough to be sympathetic.  Do something about guns.
No woman should fear domestic violence. #TrumpsBudgetSucks
Do you tweet this as you collect your NRA money? Just to heighten the irony?
So repeal the Dickey amendment so Americans can have an educated debate. Mr Dickey himself says it was a mistake! DO SOMETHING!
Your "sympathies" are empty rhetoric. Why don't you actually do something about it.
And no woman should fear for her life from an abusive ex-partner, right?
And no woman should be subjected to stalking and abuse. We hope you support legislation against abisers having guns
Then yu need change position on assault weapons and vote for all sensible gun control
What possibly could you do to address that?
Yah. So how about you guys start working on some stricter gun laws!
yet you voted to allow mentally unstable people easier access to guns #actionsarelouderthanwords
So, why is this still happening...Children getting shot in schools? @BetsyDeVosED thinks there should be guns in schools. You voted for her.
Awesome. So what are you doing about it. Because I am always afraid of this.
The short answer is, nothing. The longer answer is, taking money from the NRA to do nothing.
I know. And as a country we are ok with 1st graders being gunned down @ school. We are beyond Help.
Sadly, most of the country isn't okay with that. But politicians like #wheresToomey are too gutless to stand up to the NRA.
Liar
Time for serious work on gun control and less pandering to the NRA.
Then get the NRA out of your pocket.
Ha! Fat chance of that! Lol!
What are your plans for #sensibleguncontrol laws? These tragedies keep happening and @NRA keeps raking in the cash (& then gives it 2 u)
When words and actions don't match, trust actions. YOU ARE DOING NOTHING ABOUT THIS. So go shove your sympathies.
Guns,guns,guns. Tweets don't help
Repubs voted to put the guns in hands of mentally insane people! Next hand out at prison releases! You voted for this.
Did you also make a statement about how women shouldn't fear for their lives because abusers have easy access to guns? Didn't think so.
and keep grabbing moNEY from the NRA TOTAL FRAUD.
And thanks to Congress and the NRA, nothing is done. Blood on your hands senator.
A good opportunity to make guns available to more people.
If you're so sorry and sympathetic, DO SOMETHING! There's this thing called Gun Reform, Mr. Do-Nothing Senator.
Maybe you are working on gun reform while you are busy not holding town halls, Senator. #SanBernardino @realDonaldTrump #gunreformNOW
Then why don't you act to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill, rather then accepting $ from NRA?
And yet you have the power to make common sense gun control laws and don't. Your legislation was nothing more than a red herring
There are so many guns in the states now these situations are inevitable. Good going. 
How much did you get from the NRA? Your words ring hollow.
Support commonsense firearm regulation.
Didn't know you were still around.
Follow up your concerns with action! How many of your campaign dollars come from the NRA? Stop being a bought and paid for Senator!
Eager to see what you & your senate colleagues will do to keep schools, children, and communities safe from guns. Besides tweeting.
How many gun control bills did you vote against?Your "sympathies"?  Seriously? Your words don't  help these families. Live with it.
Amazing your crocodile tears on a day a super conservative judge you helped ramrod in gets sworn in. Nice work!
Empty words from someone who hasn't done enough. How's that NRA rating taste, Pat?
If you're sincere, you will sponsor/support legislation for tighter gun controls. If not, keep your 'sympathies' to yourself.
Then vote for common sense gun prohibitions. Stop with the "thoughts and prayer" bullshit. People are DYING.
But we must allow mentally ill to have guns as well as those on terror watchlists, so what's a guy to do? Shrug. Collect check from NRA.
Which is why congress and the president need to enact tougher gun safety laws.
Empty reaction. DO something about it. Reasonable & Effective weapons registration, training, and certification would be a good start.
Keep your sympathies, thoughts, and prayers. Show us one vote against the NRA agenda.  One vote that addresses gun related deaths.
Will you support sensible gun laws?
#SoRight Lets review gun control policies #NeverAgain Keep guns away from kids & deranged adults
Your sympathies don't mean anything when you consistently vote the way the NRA pays you to.
19335 I am the #NRA and I support common sense gun control laws. How much money did the NRA pay you to continuously obstruct?
If only there was something you could do,  be a better rep for the people, Pat . do more than tweet.
Prove it
So does this mean you are going to start supporting common sense gun control, like, idk, keeping weapons away from dangerous people?
Then help keep your constituents safe by supporting sensible #guncontrol legislation, not the #NRA. Otherwise, this is insincere lip service
This s why we need reforms! Stop allowing the NRA to lead your votes
You're right they shouldn't. Now do something about controlling gun violence in this country. Give up NRA $
You don't actually care about those kids safety. If true, you wouldn't have accepted $ from @NRA nor supported @BetsyDeVosED #disgrace
But not sympathetic enough to actually do anything.
If only you were in a position of power where you could do something about these tragedies.  Less words, more action.
How do u justify your stance on guns?  Hypocrite.
Won't support common sense gun legislation though. Thoughts and prayers are meaningless when you don't back it up.
You sound like a true leader here. NOT. Now what? More nothing until the next time? And the time after that....etc...?
.@SenToomey sympathies are lovely but action is better. Pass common sense gun laws. #ReallyNeverAgain #SandyHook #InNRAPocket #ForShame
Also , another reason for school choice !
Then support common sense gun control and stop being bought by the NRA.
Yea but not enough to pass stricter gun laws
Well then I hope you put your actions where your foul mouth is.
Does that mean you support gun control now? #hypocrite
So what about comprehensive gun reform? Your sympathies mean little. Every shooting brings "sympathy" or "prayers" and no action.
Don't you mean no white parents?  You don't seem to care about people of color, either here or in war torn countries. Let Refugees in!
Truth.
Early indications r this might be domestic violence. No one should have to fear their significant other. the children? They'll need help too
And what are you doing to stop something like this from happening AGAIN?!?!
Or in a cinema, or in a church, or in an airport, or in a house with a gun, or walking home from school, or going out to dinner .
terrible hypocrite
And yet they do.  

Perhaps your patrons at the NRA could provide some useful suggestions?
Yet you supported Devos?
Guns make death easier. That's their purpose. Anything to offer in addition to your own personal sympathy?
WHATTTT? You didn't make sure those children, the teachers weren't armed to the hilt.  Sorry Charlie, those words are lost in hypocrisy.
So what is the policy move to ensure that this kind of thing doesn't happen to our children in PA?
Sympathy and prayers don't save lives. Only Senators can pass gun control legislation.  You are just an enabler of mass murder!
and you voted for gun reform correct??
Yeah Pat. And no parent should worry about lunch programs, after school activities, clean water, healthcare and most things you're against.
As one of your constituents & a teacher, I wholeheartedly agree. No parent should have to worry. Support sane #guncontrol, not the #NRA.
This will continue to happen until we get rid of the NRA-controlled Congressmen.
Cheap talk. Why don't you hold a town hall and let all of us know what legislation you're going to introduce to stop this. I'll wait .....
Be careful the NRA won't like tou being sympathetic #RecallPatToomey
Waiting to hear your gun control suggestions to help prevent these tragedies.
No senator should fear his constituents. At least come out and talk to us about how you will do nothing about gun control.
And what have you done to make them safer? Nothing.
Any reasonable person is horrified by the shooting. I certainly hope you'll vote against allowing guns in schools even if DeVos supports it.
Every parent in California should be enraged and Afraid with the harboring of criminals
Hypocrit
You're supposed to say "thoughts and prayers" and then go back to obstructing any reasonable hope of gun reform. That's our GOP!
Really??  I don't believe you.
Well, as long as our elected officials keep taking money from the NRA, this will keep happening.  Those who do have blood on their hands.
once again was the gun obtained illegally did the person have a history of violence if not very little a law can do
Keep your sympathies, give us gun control that keeps guns away from mentally ill people.
And they wouldn't if your party didn't think it was a good idea to roll back gun regs and take away mental health coverage at the same time
Oh, and let's not forget the led. Making led bullets legal again. Wild Wild West. Here we come. Thanks Trump and Toomey.
Maybe you and @BetsyDeVosED can gather a bear army and then help the children.
Support commonsense gun control laws!
Yet you stand by and do nothing about it - You don't support common sense gun control but you send out a Tweet. Can't believe you're my Sen.
Senator, more school shootings happen in the US than in any other industrialized nation. Year after year. What are we doing to fix this?
too bad you’re not in a position to create meaningful change…
WEAK
Which is why you'll be pushing for comprehensive gun control reforms, yea?
I so agree. I only pray that the leftists won't seize on this as another opportunity to cry that the gun is the problem when it isn't.
I appreciate that you're human, but also be a lawmaker.
Then why did you vote for @BetsyDeVos?
