More propaganda. I only hope you don't influence anyone.  Heard this all broken down. It's a bad bill. End of story.
Senator fact no hearings fact lots of double talk fact no town hall meetings . So many facts that we haven't had a chance to question!
Make up your mind, is medicaid in it's current form not sustainable or will congress not cut the unsustainable medicaid expansion.
GOP Medicaid cuts are cruel and unacceptable. Even Trump called the Senate version "mean." @SenToomey
Not funding it is ending it
Grandmother fighting for the life of her 29 year old grandson with CysticFibrosis. In Toomey's hands. Please.
This disgusting, cruel, waste of ink on a piece of paper bill, clearly shows your heartless nature shining thru.
Why childless adult? Are you denied medicare if you have children?
How stupid do you think we are Pat? Get some balls and vote NO. Your future as a senator depends on it.
You have no conscience.  You sponsor this Trumpcare/toomeycare bill. It was made by andto enrich insurance execs. Erie, PA
Liar.

Hot off the press! The Senate Health Reform Bill Slashes #Medicaid Severely. See new PPI blog: http://bit.ly/2sz08fh  
Town hall? What is your end goal with Trumpcare? Seems like you are working for special interests not your constituents, we should discuss.
Ugonna take Mikes Medicaid or decrease it?Only a Monster Would!
Rich people won't die without tax breaks!Mike could&others will! ShameOnU!
You wouldn't be supporting this if this was an election year for you. So maybe you should re evaluate your vote.
Senators, Do not pass this trashy bill.  Simple Repeal.  No Medicaid expansion.  No socialized medicine.
"The BCRA would effectively end the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion starting in 2021."
No it's just majorly reducing the money to the states
When you reduce Medicaid payments to equal less than expected costs, people lose benefits and ultimately coverage. You're lying!
Ok you go on the plan. You and you family!!!!
Fact: Pat Toomey accepted $354,616 in campaign contributions from Health Insurance and Pharmaceutical Industries
FACT: #Children will lose coverage fr #Medicaid. (Fed Pov rate for coverage to decrease fr 138% of FPL to 100%.) #MythvsFact #BCRA
Obama care is done so would u rather have no health insurance. Obamacare was meant to fail by now and it is
Stop lying to us. 
We see you.
You are neither pro-life nor a Christian.
We will remember how you vote on this.
#16412
you're too much of a coward to actually host a town hall and defend this legislation. you wonder why people think you're lying? really?
Why not come down to Philly, have a town hall, and tell us to our faces why your voodoo math doesn't harm 200K PA residents?
https://maplight.org/story/senators-drafting-secret-health-care-bill-backed-by-insurance-and-pharma-campaign-money/ …
I thought you were against abortions? Because your supporting this one.
What then is the cap on Medicaid? Answer: less than the ACA provides. Yes, your bad bill doesn't give real benefits.
Senator, you can't cut $800 billion from a program and claim no one will be impacted.
"Equalize" is a nice euphemisms for cut dramatically, Senator.
Right!  The wording in this is meant to confuse.  Toomey is the artful dodger.
Liar
Congress never outright ENDS anything.  You just whittle away, unfunding critical parts of programs until they no longer work for anyone.
Able-bodied, childless adults? Are you fucking serious?
You should listen to our fellow senator Bob Casey. He's a good man who cares about Pennsylvanians.
Liar 
people who can't afford health care don't deserve death as the other option. repent!
Rat toomey lies again!
That's a cut
We WANT  your healthcare  Quit planning GOP GENOCIDE of  the USA  citizens! from a burned  out shell of a voter
If it's so good why did you guys write this fucking bill in such secrecy?!?
Pat, stop treating us like we're stupid. We know what you're up to. Explains your ongoing refusal to meet constituents!
Lie lie lie lie!!!!  Thanks 
We do our homework... and will work hard to unseat you
You will lose the philly suburbs if you vote for this disaster of a bill
Lie by omission because this doesn't incorporate the people losing access to Medicaid or increased state taxes required to make up the gap
A per capita payment IS a for the disabled & elderly. This is pushing the decision to the state level so you can say the state made the 
@SenBobCasey provides a lot of info about this on his twitter account. Lots of good info...and basically refutes Toomey's tweet.
Please hold a town hall to explain this tweet on Medicaid. Your constituents deserve some clarity on the subject.
Your constituents are speaking, loud and clear. The question is: why won't you listen?
You say that like codifying the Obamacare expansion of Medicaid is a good thing.
oh the states will pay it? Tell me, dear Senator, how PA will do that? Do you remember PAs budget deficit from 2 yrs ago?
I call Bullshit. The #AHCA can only be supported by an A$$hole. The CBO said 22 million will lose healthcare and Medicaid benefits
I cannot trust what you say.  U did not include @SenateDems in your negotiations and held no hearings. #BCRA #MythVsFact #BCRAP
Toomey I wouldn't believe you if your tongue was NOTARIZED!!
You claim myth when people who are not able-bodied or people that have children are not going to be part of the medicaid expansion!
it doesn't do enough. Repeal is necessary, painful but necessary. Ocare was written so couldn't be fixed.
Do the lies allow you to sleep at night?
You are setting out up to blame states for cutting it because Fed cut money to give rich tax breaks.
Yes it is over a period of time. Don't u starry with the lies too.
Hi Pat. Me again! Would love to learn more but you refuse to answer your constituents.. Grow a pair and schedule a town hall you shitgibbon!
Fact: You're cutting #Medicaid to children with autism who live in YOUR state. #MythVsFact How 'bout a townhall to face your constituents?
I can read for myself.  I don't need your version of the "facts".  Trump-level lies.
What's your cut, Toomey not for PA.
When you are cutting federal funding and transferring responsibility to the states, IT'S A CUT !
Dear Pat,
What does 's imply equalize' mean to you?
Shame on you. You don't represent me or a majority of our state. You are a mouth piece for this disastrous administration.
Why does he continue to perpetuate these lies?
You are bad for PA.
How did you tweet this with a straight face?
Many other people have already corrected you, so I'll just say...
You're phasing it out! You're cutting care to give companies a tax break. COMPANIES A TAX BREAK. It's in the bill. Please stop w/lies.
Why should he care? Pat will be out of office enjoying all his kickback money when the effects of this bill really take hold.
There's more but I'd be here all day you have ALL made such a disgusting mess all for power and I blame ALL of YOU. There is no healthcare
I truly can't wait until you're unemployed
Wow you're pathetic
4th remove ridiculous regulations that have been put in place over the years by multiple admins that have made the cost of care $$$$$
How do you sleep at night after peddling these lies and hurting people? Do you have any shame at all?

First of all. This barely says anything. 2nd  the reading level is higher than most adults understand. 3rd exactly what is "fair share".
Why can't congress do something simple like. 1st FULL REPEAL!! 2nd Open markets across state lines. 3rd congress ISN'T exempt from it either
Yeah, no dude.
Mr Toomey I HATE THIS BILL. Many people I talk to don't like it either. It's a cut and paste job in effect w/o some taxes but adds others
Pat.. is your seat hot? this one truly qualifies as a "pants on  "#twistedtoomey
You are ending its growth and the number of ppl who need it will expand in the coming years. Math doesn't work out.
Right, you're just forcing the hand of the states.
Retroactive tax breaks for the ultra rich on the backs of elderly and children. You must be very proud. 19518
I'm able-bodied& childless but care for my husband who has ALS Lou Gehrig's Disease. Medicaid pays my ins. & $3000. per month of his meds !!
What about all the people covered now who won't be if your tax cut bill is enacted?
Fact: The states will receive money (at a significant decrease than what is allocated on a federal level) to parcel out the funds. (1)
Meaning that some people will die waiting for funds. Enjoy your complacency
sir, you lie. 

did you learn this from trump, or does lying come naturally to cruel men who write legislation to kill the most vulnerable?
FACT: No tax credits for low-wage small employers. No credit for #smallbusiness if the plan they use covers #abortion. #MythvsFact #BCRA

I don't believe any part of a anything you say.  #NoACHA
Zip 19454
FACT: No tax credit if the plan YOU buy covers abortion - even if you never have an #abortion. #MythVsFact #BCRA
Hmmm, they the #AHCA will no longer allow new expansions and it allowing states to opt. So as long as you have a good state gov your ok.
FACT - will Do EVERYTHING to make sure you are voted OUT of OFFICE!
FACT: Prohibits #Medicaid from pay for ANY service at a #PlannedParenthood facilty. No women involved in writing this bill btw. #MythVsFact
FACT - This BILL is a TAX Cut for the RICH.
FACT -  Losers - Poor and Old
FACT - You & GOP put party before people and country....ALL FACTS
As in #AlternativeFacts
Instead of giving tax breaks to rich, you could be supporting #medicaid. Electoral college elected Potus but electorate rejected this 
Lie
FACT: A cap would be placed on the amount states receive per #Medicaid recipient. Right now funds are matched 1 to 1. #MythVsFact
FACT: After 2019 states can no longer choose to expand #Medicaid. & If you step out of cvrge u can't get it back. #MythVsFact
FACT: You can be charged 30% more if you lapse in coverage. ie if u don't have cvrge bc u cant afford it, then buy it. Penalty. #MythvsFact
Yours is the myth. People WILL die if Medicaid changes occur. Do you feel tax breaks for your rich friends are worth lives? I'm betting yes.
FACT: #BCRA would allow insurers to charge more for those with #preexistingconditions. #MythVsFact #ObamaCare ended this practice.
When you write the facts yourself they don't hold as much weight.
You lie almost as well as the best liar in the country--- @POTUS
You are damaging are children and our families with this healthcare bill! Why are you voting for it? We demand an answer in Pennsylvania!
NO IT ONLY SLOWS IT DOWN BEFORE ENDING IT. WE ARE NOT STUPID. Vote NO
When will you have an in person town hall where you can look me in the eye and tell me that gutting my healthcare is a good idea.
Come on now. The plan is to phase it out and you know it. Don't hide behind semantics Senator. We know more than you think.
FACT: States will pick up cost of continued #Medicaid expansion. #MythVsFact #BCRA #MedicaidMatters
FACT: Lifetime/Coverage caps will be reinstated. Serious illness could bankrupt u even if u have employer coverage. #BCRA #AHCA #mythvsfact
Dear Senator,  before tweeting it would be helpful if you would share all of the details concerning Medicaid. This bill puts lives in danger
FACT: Mental Health treatment of any type will no longer be a required coverage category for #Medicaid. #mythvsfact @SenToomey @SenBobCasey
man, I can't
I'm calling BS. Let's start here, Pat:
This means insurance companies are no longer required to cover things like maternity care and emergency services. This will effect everyone.
Loss of insurance will kill ppl. Can they then sue the GOP & trump for wrongful death?
I have a ?? Do I get to sue Obummer for the lose of my insurance & doctors for my child w/ a disability & I can't afford Obummercare either
Have you been given your "talking points" by Mitch? The bottom line is that  people who need Medicaid the most are the ones getting screwed
Fact: there are deep cuts to Medicaid (in the middle of an opioid crisis, no less)& the CBO score will reflect what a dismal failure this is
You could stand to listen to @SenBobCasey more often, senator. You can't lie in this day and age, the voters know the score!
Pls take time to review full proposal so you can protect Pennsylvania's most vulnerable citizens!
Fact:Congress is going to slowly suffocate medicaid by reducing funds to states.Fact: this will kill americans.Fact:@PatToomey is bad for PA
BTW, many people know that means the STATE will have to pick up the difference..so how will this miraculous non-cut affect state taxes?
Citation please
Medicaid covers 39% of all children in the US, as well as 64% of all seniors in nursing homes. They are neither able-bodied or childless.
EXACTLY!!!!!!!
your plan puts the burden on states to help pay for Medicaid. Where is the plan for that?
No, but they are ending annual and lifetime caps for people who PAY for insurance. (and even group plans) So yet again...what about that?
FACT:50% of births are paid with Medcaid. You are stealing from the poor kids and giving it to your rich friends. You will lose b/c of this!
The amount of money it took to design that graphic could have paid for someone's doctor visit.#HealthcareBill #ProtectOurCare #ToomeyTheTool
Ridiculous! You are funding a tax cut for the wealthy! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
You are a liar, Tombstone Toomey.
Here is why you are liar, Tombstone.
Most severe Medicaid cuts begin 2025. This is timing gimmick designed to hide full impact beyond 2026.
I feel like somebody mixed up their myths and facts...
Please explain how it will work.
WHY CHILDLESS?

My married friend, who gave birth to a wanted & planned for child developed pre-eclampsia during labor. She almost died.
Their son changed their circumstances & they now had to be covered by the Medicaid expansion.

If you're truly pro-life, you will stop this.
It's *only* the expanded Medicaid, not original Medicaid. 

And if you truly believe this is better, let it go through committee.
Let it withstand the light of day rather than shove it through. Your oath is to the Constitution & People. Not Trump. Not McConnell.
