don't pretend to care about Pennsylvania residents.
How is this different than any other day?
It's not like you want to meet your constituents anyway.
ha ha ha ha ha Do you work?
What difference does it make -no one ever sees you! The phantom senator!
Does it matter if you ever reopen? You never #DoYourJob anyway ! #coward
Toomey says Jeff Sessions is honest. We can't find him b/c he lost his moral compass.
Please vote NO on AHCA. We need healthcare for a strong economy.
And due to bad governing, you will be voted out of office. Enjoy your last term, senator.
Yep. But we are going to make them the most uncomfortable 6 years of his life.
Ooh.  I like that idea.
why don't you close all of your offices permanently, not like you care what your constituents think.
did you find your balls in the snow ?
you know what would be open. A townhall meeting #tuesdaywithtoomey
NO to Gorsuch w/his ties to multi-multi-billionaire, Anschutz. Gorsuch helped Anschutz keep $368 million away from teacher fund.

It's past time for Republicans in Congress to establish a bipartisan select committee to investigate Trump & Russia. 
They were open?
.@SenToomey  If children can make it to school, postal workers can complete their routes, doctors can still make it to work. Why can't you?
Are you suggesting there was ever a reason your office is open?   You ignore us anyway and your donors send $$ electronically.
It's not like you ever are available to people anyway.
.@SenToomey  Like your constituents would notice a difference...
.@SenToomey
when will you host a town hall?
.@SenToomey - Appx. eight inches of snow is *nothing.* If PennDOT can't handle that, we have some serious problems on our hands.
that's different than a normal day?
still no comments on your fellow GOP-mate Steve King and his reprehensible rhetoric? You white GOP leaders are thick as thieves
DONald trump must release his tax returns, Preet needs reinstated. I smell corruption. Also known as pond scum.
so how is this different than any other day?
please stop H-1B and L-1 visa disaster used by corporate greed to replace US workers. Tuition goes up, jobs go overseas.
should give you time to investigate trump and his Russian ties. Or to count your payoffs from the Koch's, DeVos  and Russia
Surprised you didn't have a town hall today.  The weather was bad, and no one could make it.
But after the snow's gone, you'll be available all the time, right? 

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, I'm just kidding!
don't worry, I'll call 2x on Wednesday!  #resist #realPA #SavetheACA #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #LastTermforToomey
Like we care.
are you sick? Haven't had a town hall in awhile
wtf?
did you get permission from "the Party" to close for the day?
I didn't know you ever opened your offices to constituents ?
@TuesdaysToomey When will you inform your constituents where you stand on improving ACA or supporting AHCA and impact on PA
No one answers the phones in your offices any day.
You have offices? Do they have phones too?
Well if you're one of Toomey's constituents his offices are always closed. #coward
full repeal of Obama care or we cote you out
So, you're running SOP?
and the difference in being able to reach you is what, exactly?  #BurnedDownSenator
forgot to add he's too busy making #trumpcare \ #ryancare so unaffordable for 890,000 Pa residents by being a #trumppuppet
it's ok - your offices are never working #wherestoomey #realpavoter
.@SenToomey enjoy the snow day! You won't have many left, given that many of  your constituents are working to vote you out! #byefelicia
'Nice' you have the weather to blame for avoiding constituents. Perhaps we could have a online discussion about PA's healthcare.
Hiding? Your Email contact is down also. Can't even send you an email asking you NOT to support disastrous Trumcare/Ryancare Act!
what was your excuse during the DeVos debacle?
oh there you are...you come out of hiding in a blizzard 
So, about that town hall...
So this proves you know you have offices and that stuff happens there sometimes.  It's a start, I guess
have a town hall in Philadelphia, you represent us
Pls take action:
Ind investigation of Trump-Russ
DT's taxes
Sessions' resignation
DT's financial conflicts
Censure @SteveKingIA
1)There have been several investigations. No collusion found. 2)IRS audited. Nothing found. 3)Sessions is staying. 4)None 5)Why?
U've been closed 2 constituents 4 a long time & need 2 start listening: Access & choices r not healthcare. Fix ACA, don't repeal!
why should today be any different than any other day?  Not like you were going to show up in philly.
save the ACA. Stop lying about how it is imploding! PLEASE!!! Ryan's plan is CRUEL. People will lose their insurance.
as if you're ever there when they are open.
What's the difference? No one ever answers the phone. Constituents aren't permitted to see you. Why bother opening?
You too, Senator!
No that you are in them anyway.
you are a killer, hope that sits well on your Catholic conscious.  Killer. You are worse than a Nazi. They only killed Jews.
How would we tell
encourage old people to kill themselves now in the snow. Your healthcare Bill is going to kill them anyway.
wait, your offices were open once for constituents to express their concerns and ask questions of the Senator and his staff?
So now what? You work for us so we as your employer need to know, or at least that's how it works in the REAL world of employment
you're never around anyhow. Close them for good.
You wouldn't be there to face your constituents regardless of the weather. #NotMySenator #TuesdayswithToomey
they are usually closed in good weather. Why the special announcement
your offices ARE ALWAYS closed
so has there been a storm since January?   Seems you've been closed for a while. #traitor
Oh no, with your offices closed there won't be anyone to not pick up the phone and not check the voicemail 
Thank you. You be safe too.
they should be closed permanently due to bad constituent representation.
so again, just a regular day in the life of Pat Toomey. No real work being done. Offices closed to constituents.
well we know you're not venturing out to those offices bold a town hall
you have offices in Philly?
you don't do anything anyway so what's the diff
hopefully your reading the healthcare bill so you can vote yes.
For what you're worth, you could keep them closed. We will remember. Ryancare is bad!
vote no on #Trumpcare have you figured out how many in #realPA will coverage? Let us know. Maybe at a #TownHall 19064
what's the difference?
closed to constitutes just like every sunny day!
So, it's the same as when the weather is good then.
does it matter???? U don't respond to your constituents anyway!
And due to lack of snow next week.
How can we tell the difference?
Us millenials love tech, as you and those in power know. Why not use it to find out what else we think or envision for our state and the u.s
you are a sad excuse for a senator. When is your next town hall meeting?
From my count there are at least 30 or so people replying to your comments here. Why not engage with them.
Why not have a twitter Q&A then so you can defend your voting stances and what your vision for pa is? Explain your devos vote and others
If the aides there are anything like the DC and Bellvue office , who can people talk to that will be rude to them?
Literally no-one would know the difference.
leave em closed you and entire staff ignore constituents and are usually rude to callers. #onthetaketoomey
Like the snow matters!  So when is the town hall meeting?

Does it matter? Haven't been able to reach anyone even by phone.
How many of your voters will lose health care? 19090
Are you going to vote against the trumpcare?
he doesn't care. He is a disgraceful human being.
Are they ever open for you to meet in person with real PA constituents? Only if we bring bags of $$
We're still willing to attend a town hall via Skype or other social media platform. Looking forward to your response.
does that mean your staff in DC might answer the phones today?
If you aren't accessible to the public, why bother telling us when your offices are closed? #notmysenator #tuesdayswithtoomey
Don't care. We're going to talk to Katie McGinty
This is different how?
Hi @SenToomey , as far as, We the People,  the Pa voters, you are never available, so your offices might as well be closed for good.
Who would notice?
Please list times, dates & locations for your townhalls. Your constituents want to speak with you. #realPA #indivisible
Stay Safe! America 1st!
This should be tweeted. Daily
thanks for the update, see you at next townhall.
You still hiding?
Yes, only today he's using the snow as his excuse.
All other days he's out from #Cowardpox, worse than chickenpox. Diagnosed via yellow stripe down back.
@bloggoneit When is your office ever open??? #Indivisible #ToomeyTownHall #realPA
When our guy, @DarrellIssa didn't show up at the Town Hall meetings, his constituents found his house & demonstrated
Please list the times, dates, and locations for your townhalls. Your constituents want to talk with you. #realPA
So tell us why you not working is different today from the other 355 days?
.@SenToomey this blizzard makes me thankful for Federal regs that mandate auto safety and highway design standards!
.@SenToomey this blizzard makes me thankful for Fed funding for @NOAA whose forecasts helped us prepare and stay safe!
yes you coward. Tell me why I lose my coverage after serving 16 years.
then it sounds like we're partying at your Pittsburgh office today! #TuesdaysWithToomey
Go Pittsburgh! Thanks for representing all of us today!
