These PA kids are grateful that senpattoomey stopped to talk to them… https://www.instagram.com/p/BQBChTkBFAFcVZKiJgArEWfCZbo_5CKB8ae89Y0/ …
They'll be even more grateful when you do the right thing by voting no on DeVos. Zero upside to supporting her.
your boy is bought and paid 4 by DeVos.
it's a slang term.  https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.urbandictionary.com/define.php%3Fterm%3DYour%2520Boy%26amp%3Dtrue?client=ms-android-google …
I didn't realize I was tweeting with a vernacular monitor. Thank you for keeping the world in check.
did he tell the kids not all of them deserved to go to school? Cause that's what his DeVos vote means...
that's why we can comment and follow repugs from other states so we know we to go after
the argument was there the name calling is from tired of arguing with dumbasses
I appreciate your time on what is a very busy day. Thank you. As our leader please protect our kids and vote no on Pruitt
and while he is at it, let's hope he will #VoteNo on #BetsyDeVos as well. #DumpDeVos
Almost like DeVos would oversee education for the whole country 
right, because he totally represented the views of his own state.  
how the hell did you vote for him in the first place?
I watched both opponents and I felt he was the better candidate.  I'm not all far left.I do like John McCain.
Toomey sold his soul and I'm sorry I voted for him. Devos paid him to vote for her. He will not get re-elected.
hopefully these kids will stop anyone like Toomey from taking office again
Unfortunately these children will be are at peril thanks to Toomey;s vote for DeVos as head of education.

.@justdreamin91 @SorenJnaii1 Absolutely

Here is the #StarfleetVerified script for the #PriceIsWrong phone call

…
that's too funny to even comment on
sure wish @SenToomey come out for a town hall meeting
you did not listen, were not there for your constituents, took Devos money, your loyalty to us is hopelessly compromised.disgrace
glad you found time to talk to kids....who can't vote...but ignored your constituents.  Stand up guy
undocumented mom in Phx deported- employ undocumented get nom for POTUS Labor sec-NO to Pudzer
I can't get through to your office to vote No to Devos but in PA have long memories and I will vote NO to you on Election Day
like you voted for him back in November
no to devos!!  pa students deserve so much better!!
no they don't
I'm from NEPA and I'm begging you not to confirm DeVos. She's unqualified. Kids in Pennsylvania will suffer.
Betsy DeVos plagiarized. At my school in Pennsylvania, I would have been expelled--or at the very least suspended--for that.
he's taken more $$ than the average teacher makes in a year #DumpDevos
contributions by the DeVos family. That's why he can ignore the will of Pennsylvanians.
@SenTomCotton only got 2,600$? Why is that hilarious to me?
because it IS hilarious. 
Wow. You talked to a constituent? How much did she have to pay? #YouWorkForUs
enjoy stops while u can....u are a short timer!  People are after u........#novotesinPA
Hope those kids asked you to vote no on DeVos...p.s. answer your phones.
no they didn't.
#devos paid Toomey $60,000 for an opportunity to ruin the education of those children, still grateful? 
Voting for a racist makes you one, Senator.
I am sure those kids like mine think that their Senator stands up for them.  Vote NO on Devos.   Put kids before party!  17050
"Where are the leaks coming from?" WHO CARES? Why is our govt working for Putin? Who is involved? That's more important!
$60,050
---- nice visit? then votes to screw their education with DeVos vote?  Despicable
if you support Price you are gonna have a lot more protest since you have a tendency to run from them.
No to DeVos and Sessions.  The people of PA are begging you.
that is great!  You lost again
if I donated $60,100 would you change your vote?
Hey Toomey I AM NOT A PAID PROTESTER or paid to call you I AM a constituent who now will run non reelection campaign against YOU
you have to wait for 6 years so good luck loser
$60k is not worth a Devos vote. Be a decent human being and do the right thing. #NotoDeVos #TuesdayswithToomey
do you care about the future education of those children? If you did, you would NO to DeVos. #noDevos
he sure doesn't give a shit about you.  When you walk on the beach go in the water maybe a shark will attack you
Bet they didn't know you were going to vote for DeVos. Way to vote for your pockets and NOT the kids. #notqualified
hmmm...I talked to them also.  Bunch of liars and greedmongers.
By the way, no one is paying me, I am involved in my govt, so sue me.  #OurRevolution
p.s. those kids that stopped by could really use a public education not run by someone who knows nothing about it #NOonDeVos
no they don't. Go have sex with Mickey
I wish he would talk to the rest of us, his employers.Where are you Senator Toomey?
like you voted for him, don't worry he is only in for 6 long years...
They'd be even happier if you voted NO on DeVos!
like they give a shit
He doesn't care about the kids. How could he vote for Betsy DeVos ?#shameful
Please, just this once, listen 2 your constituents.  Vote NO on DeVos. Show a little spine & prove that u can't be bought.
News Flash, Melba!  Pennsylvania went for Trump.  Sen Toomey is listening to his constituents by confirming DeVos.
Great point!  I forgot that I was no longer a constituent when my candidate lost the presidential race.  Peace.
Sure Melba, like you ever planned on voting for Toomey.  LOL!
you're as spineless as @SpeakerRyan
and she is going to get confirmed....
If you vote yes to DeVos, start sending job applications to McDonald's. You'll end up like Santorum; just another has been.
Also u make a much bigger impression voting w/ what's right for our kids instead of towing POTUS line.
They'll be more grateful if you oppose DeVos and provide a BETTER education for them.  Don't be bought!
THAT'S GREAT NO ONE CAN GET THROUGH TO ANY OF YOUR OFFICES
.@SenToomey @G_Dahlkemper Senator Toomey - any idea when constituents will be able to get through on your office lines?
Use the email on his website too!
I was able to get through to a @SenToomey staffer on the toll-free number to the Bethlehem office today. (855) 552-1831 
Thank you!!
Emails get sorted by Yes & No. They can be very effective. We need to show him we care about public education!
(202) 224 - 8609 this number works as well
Thanks buddy, but I'm a PA resident.
she will get confirmed snowflake.  Bend over & pull up your skirt & smile
my kids had great Pa education please vote No on DeVos
Just because you got re elected doesn't mean you can hide from us! No to DeVoss!
oh yes it does, loser.
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
#yesdevos
Glad you spoke to some kids. Meeting a Senator is inspiring! Care to respond to your constituents on your DeVos vote? VOTE NO!
Answer your phones Senator. We are calling and you are hiding.
For those curious here are 2 additional numbers to call. At least you'll get a working voicemailbox:
202-224-8609
202-228-6837
and they will delete them just as fast as they leave them.  Sucker!
Sessions too? so clear who you are really working for. Not me or anyone else who cares about civil rights, justice, and equality.
agenda. I swear, I will and I hope others will join me in ensuring that you are not our next senator. #nomoreToomey
thanks for selling out Pa kids. How can you live with your self? Have you no shame? U r suppose to uphold the people not you own
then he sold them out. I will do everything I can possibly do to not have you re elected in 2 years!
tell those kids in 6 years Toomey can stop by more often.  He will have a lot more free time.  #votehimout
#DumpToomey the #TrumpFlunky. Enjoy this term. You won't be re-elected. We won't forget that you can and have been bought.
We fear that Sessions will not be an AG for all Americans
You would be a total hero if you would speak at a "Tues w/Toomey" and denounce ANY unqualified candidate.
No to Sessions. How can you be "proud to support him" as you just said in the Senate on Wed 9/9/2017.
Who are the "least fortunate" people that Sessions stood for as you said in Wednesday's speech from you.
grateful he works for them .oh that's right got paid to vote against them
Could you ask Pat Toomey to answer his phone? We all had something really important to ask him concerning Devos
yet you turned your back on 2.9 million students in your state. But hey they didn't pay for your vote like Devos
you must vote "NO" to Jeff sessions! "NO" to Scott Pruitt!  #resistandpersist

they gonna be stoked when Betsy D guts their school?

Will the Senator claim that they are paid protesters, too?
Just put $100 to donate to your opponent. Any opponent. You're garbage, but you'll make an excellent lobbyist
Congrats on Finding Waldo. Maybe he could visit Philly? Answer about DeVos? Be present AT ALL.
So disappointed in your vote on DeVos.
Good to see Pittsburgh Capa students marching to #toomey office today, they will be voting soon! Bye! BYE! toomey

toomey likes bribes over children.
Lots of people are waiting for you to stop & talk to them. #TuesdayswithToomey Vote no on Pruitt. Thanks
Betsy DeVos bought you and her job. Time for you to go, crooked Pat.
Wow. Your price to be purchased by DeVos was lower than I imagined. Sale price for ethics and lack of spine?
they won't be after DeVos takes over
SELL OUT
you just chose a rich donor over Pennsylvanians. When you lose your job in 2022 I hope you look back on this moment and say "oh".
We will remember your Cowardly hiding from your constituents - wait til Election Day!
I guess they didn't know he just help destroy public education #TheResistance #OurRevolution
empty gesture. His vote for Devos after accepting $ from her speaks LOUDER to his voters.
you voted for Betsy . Hope you get the boot
Are they grateful that he voted for #devos for #SecretaryOfEducation?
.@SenToomey You've sold US children + your integrity. Future history books will list you under the chapter titled "corruption." #devos
Did you tell them you were going to compromise their future in a week by confirming DeVos?
will he votes to screw them and their teachers over by voting for DeVos! Disgraceful!
you will never again have my vote as you let Devos - completely unqualified - buy your vote.
#LETLIZSPEAK
They're not going to be grateful now that he voted in Dolores Umbridge to call the shots re: their education.
But i'm sure you're not even man enough to look those children in the eye and tell them why you are working against them!
Nothing but a puppet! A Coward!! Spineless!! Another Big #TrumpFail
Please don't pretend you care about children. You just voted in a woman who wants to destroy their education!
too bad you didn't listen to the majority of your constituents. Since you were unreachable by phone
your souls is only worth 60k? Hope you have sweet dreams tonight darling.
listen to your constituents and not your deep deep deep pockets. #DumpDevos #crook
you're a disgrace to our state and our country by putting @BetsyDeVos into power. Shame on you sir.
hope you explained to them why you sold them out to greedy Devos. Lady liberty weeps for our kids.
You voted yes for Devos? Guess you don't give a damn about the kids,huh?
Jeremy Bell was my cousin - after what you did in his name, I thought you cared for our children. Today, I realize I was wrong.
how does it feel to know you value money over people's lives? You're spinless
HOPE THE MONEY WAS WORTH IT WAY TO SELL OUT OUR CHILDREN'S FUTURE 
Senator why did you ignore us?
You sold America's children to DeVos  https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=hm-f3jab87U&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DM4CVZnGJIzQ%26feature%3Dshare …
Paid off yet again.  Shame on you.  You've done a huge disservice to the children of this country and our state.  Disgraceful.
too bad he didn't cast his vote for their best interest! U voted her in We vote U OUT
Thanks for selling our kids education out Senator, hope your constituents are paying attention & remember at polls
Your form letter on how awesome DeVos will be for education leaves out how much she paid you for your vote: $60,050. Fixed it!
#StopDeVos
Did you tell them you were selling them down the river for 60k?
do you care about public school kids Toomey? #DumpToomey
wait until they find out what you did to the future of their education.
Recall @senToomey from the US Senate - Sign the Petition! https://www.change.org/p/thomas-m-extein-recall-pat-toomey-from-the-us-senate?recruiter=477333182&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=share_twitter_responsive … via @Change

Did He Tell Them his vote for Devos will destroy their future
sis you explain to them how money talks and they don't matter!
you let PA down today. You have been bought and paid for. Shame on you.
pa kids would have been much better served had you voted no to DeVos
"on the take toomey" did they have a bag of money for you?
Each time your constituents have asked you to stand up, you have proven yourself to be completely spineless. What good are you?
.@SenToomey so if I raise $60,051 for your next campaign - you'll vote how I say, not the will of the people? Good to know.
When that unqualified idiot DeVos de-funds the public schools in Pennsylvania, you share the blame for selling your vote to her $

You proved democracy is dead. You don't care about the people. Hope you made a killing off this, cause you just killed education!
@PatToomey Do know that I will work my a$$ off for whoever runs vs. U either in the primes or in the general! #NotMySenator
Recall petition circulating
DEVOS ????  How could you??
You're a puke, Toomey!  All that money you took from the Devos clan is going to burn where you are going!
I guess that 60 grand is worth more than our votes come election time. You voted for your donor not the people.

no PA kids are thankful for you now.
corruption says you should loose your job
you just lost my vote.. confirming DeVos thanks pat
.    COWARD!
Wait til the "kids" find out you were SOLD for $60,050 to vote for in a 100% UNqualified nominee. #Illegitimate
thank you for caring more about money than a child's education
idk why they're glad when you just made a negative decision that will affect all people in pursuit of an education.
Did you tell those kids you'd soon be selling them out for $60k???
your vote for DeVos, despite your constituents clear and apparent opposition, was shameful. You are a disgrace to our state.
way to go Toomey. We as the taxpayers wont vote for you next election.
bought and paid for.
You will NEVER be reelected for your vote for that clueless woman now in charge of education. Hope you got your money's worth.
no they are not. You voted yes to DeVos because you got payed. Enjoy your last period as senator. We will vote you out.
I thought you wanted Pennsylvanians to thrive? Yes on Devos will make young Pennsylvanians suffer
I wonder if the pa kids are glad you sold their educational system. How do you stand without a spine?

Loves money! Not the children or future of PA. He loves MONEY! He doesn't care about his constituents but 's . Remember that.
so disappointed for our children. Why didn't you listen to your constituents
You're spineless. 2018 is coming.
Party before country.  You are on the wrong side of history.  Vote for DeVos was an insult to pennsylvanians.
if you want to get to Toomey call Alexandra Byrne 202-224-4254
I'm ashamed we are both from #PennsylvaniaSHAME ON YOU!
smfh
Do you think the media is lying Senator Toomey? http://www.pennlive.com/news/2017/02/pa_protesters_react_to_toomeys.html …
loony Toomey
he voted for DeVos. PA kids are not grateful. They're doomed
How much did she pay you?
now if only he cared enough to protect their education...
Sniveling cowards don't belong in government
I don't think they would be remotely impressed if they knew you vote against them
Rubio got $98,300. You sold our children out cheap!
Were they aware you were on the verge of ruining their futures, you miserable puke?
grateful that you enabled DeVos getting the Secretary of Ed position-- against our wishes? #recalltoomey
Then he sold them & education out for $60,050! Traitor! Repubs responsible for death of democracy. Party over country - SAD!
you are a sell out.  Voting yes to DeVos. You basically whored yourself at the expense of PA's children's future.
you're a monster
traitor to your constituents!!!!
you sold out our children's education and you will burn in Hell!
When their schools lack adequate funding, at least they'll have that memory!
did you tell them that you sold them out for $60k from Devos? Self-interest as usual. Shame on you for confirming.
wow it only takes $55k to buy your vote? No im sure that had nothing to do with confirming a non qualified SE.
did you tell the kids if you work hard somebody with money will steal your job even if you are more qualified?
history will remember that PA went to Trump and Toomey is voting the way the majority wants.
