Police don't need tanks or IED protection. BTW, this is what's on your mind? Not Harvey, Russia, or NK? How can you be this bad at your job?
He sucks at his job and he is. Trump yes man. I hate a man that can't stand on their own, & PT can't.
Absolutely right. Toomey is a coward and that's what I say every day when I call his office!
He's totally in the Koch Mercer Trump pocket
The word "overkill" seems appropriate.
You use Pleased and POTUS in the same sentence? Are you pleased he likes Nazis? Pleased he was tweeting a book sale while TX sank? You amaze
Turing America into a police state is not protecting America. It's turning police into occupying force
Yes. Ntm you never want to give up freedom for security
Really good idea, instill fear in the population when they see our friendly police officers rolling through the streets ready for combat.
"There's a reason you separate military and the police. One fights the enemies of the state, the other serves and protects the people."
"When the military becomes both, then the enemies of the state tend to become the people."
Grenade launchers? Really? Where, when and how would they be used? OMG Sad.
They don't need military equipment to "protect us " that's sick and wrong and you know it
The cops have access to the national guard. Cops are not military
are you insane??????????
Ridiculous! R we 2 become a police state, where citizens r treated as the enemy? Military hardware doesn't belong in the hands of police!
So, in short, you believe that the American people are the enemies of the police?
Militarization  of the  police  force  is not what  we need  in this country !
The pResident has shown that he'll undo anything Obama did. If Obama saved puppies, tRump would drown them. #tinyHandedRussianPuppet
Idiot. Criminals and terrorists use things like guns and cars. The cops have guns and cars.
There should be a "Toomey" scale for most craven statements made by the man.  This would rank highly...
You are completely out of touch with reality. This is a tremendous threat to US civil rights. I hate you, you embarrass me.
Those items are just political. I'd rather you'd hold POTUS accountable for tearing the country apart #unsuitable #bipartisan #2018
What use do civilian police have for grenade launchers?
He's too busy worrying about crowd size and selling hats.
This is NOT what your constituents want.  Looking forward to seeing the day you are both fired!
Your life saving equipment gives cops more tools to kill civilians.
@SenToomey "Voter arrested at GOPer’s town hall for asking how he’d feel if his daughter was ‘abducted’ by ICE like a Dreamer."
Police abuse
Need restrictions on when these new toys can be deployed.
You really are on the wrong side of history.
Are you kidding me? How much of a toadie are you? You sicken me. You're no conservative
If our Officers are protected our Citizens are protected
How about putting money into de-escalation training instead of military equipment?
A militarized police force does little except hinder my ability to legally and safely protest your incompetence. Nice job. #godyoureawful
And once again you conveniently misrepresent the facts to support the current administration.
Militarizing our police is not the answer. Having appropriate gun laws that would ensure citizen safety is. Ask CA if it has helped...
If anyone thinks the purge movies where the rich kill the poor aren't being set into place now, you're blind. Poor and black aren't wanted
Military takeover planned, is there?
I live in PGH and have been all over PA.  I have no idea where you think that cops paid by your constituent's taxes need this.
Rubbish.  Police don't need this crap.  Being a cop is still safer than many, many other jobs.
Invest in in-service training, diversity training, judgmental shooting training & technology, de-escalation training. Community policing.
Just as Toomey is a pretend Catholic, he is also a fake conservative.
Remember when conservatives HATED this program during Obama? 

I do, because I did. Now watch the clickservatives turn on a dime. https://twitter.com/nytpolitics/status/902171170090475520 …

The police are not the military. They should not look like an occupying force on the streets. Might does not make right. You are wrong again
You're an immoral liar supporting the racist and traitor @realDonaldTrump. Together you're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
Does this mean, once you've got grenade launchers at the ready, you're willing to meet with your constituents? You've dodged voters 4 months
This is the only time you speak up? Do a Town Hall or two. Have an original thought and remove this nut Trump from the WH.
See you in court as your state resources get drained by the untrained mayhem this will lead to
Are you out if your mind? As long as everything President Obama did gets overturned, the racist GOP will be happy. No matter how dangerous
Gearing up for the fascist takeover. Ridiculous. Only to spite Obama.
This is nothing more than a ramp up to a military state & martial law. Absolutely anti-America. Anyone supporting this has something to hide
You're part of the blight in this country. You might as well say that you endorse a police state. Cowards love their weapons.
Are you 'pleased' about the horrible trump things you voted for like trumpcare, his bad nominees and more? PA residents are watching....
tanks for cops? asinine.

seems like there could maybe be a use for some boats though.
You embarrass us Pennsylvanians. Just shut up.
Militarized police forces worked well in Ferguson, Tianamen Sq, Manilla, Caracas, Rwanda, Russia ++
Of course we should do that! <sarcasm>
Come on November 2018! #electionseason
I don't like this one bit. It screams of trouble to come. #NoMilitarizedPolice
Small boats... not tanks
You kind of defeated your own statement when saying the San Bernardino and Orlando police had armored vehicles. They already had them. Dolt!
If u can support a fake prez, u have no place in government!! U r helping him create a police state & have bad judgement if u can't see that
If you want to live in a militarized police state, you should move to Russia with comrade Drumpf.
Why do they need tanks, grenade launchers, and other tools of war to protect themselves? Not for building community relationships...
Like grenade launchers ... boy you're making a fool out of yourself.
We all saw the pictures from Ferguson, MO when cops brought in tanks. How many more tanks do we need rolling down our streets?
Like Obama took away police helmets and shields, come off it with yr BS politics. Yr statement even admits they have armored trucks.
What about taking steps to protect us from the police or corrupt racist sheriff's? .@SenToomey talk to us. You know nothing about us.
A police state in America pleases you? Remember Nazi Brown Shirts? Tiananmen Square: public vs. tanks? Shame on you, fake @POTUS. #impeach
Who's the enemy here? Americans protesting the government, or the government that's in cahoots with the Russians? Americans or Russians? 
To protect themselves and kill americans... fixed that for you.
What's next, selling A10's equipped with TOW ordinance to use against Americans?
@SenToomey this will be remembered - enjoy your Senate seat. This will not sit will in the homeland.
I've never known a situation where grenades and a rocket launcher were needed beside a war zone.  That is military area.
You are a feckless twit.
Not necessary..policing should be community based, positive interactions, use force ONLY in extreme cases..
They already are trigger happy, what more do they need?
Tools?  Military weapons aren't needed on citizens.
What are the chances these military weapons are used against any one of the many white militias armed to the teeth who threaten US citizens?
I mean, they were so quick to be used against water protectors in the support of corporate interests, surely they'll be used better now?
How about doing an open town hall in Philly so that you can hear how stupid this is in person?
They don't need tanks, grenade launchers, bayonets, etc.  None of the military items they get are things the police actually need.
They just want them to play war with their new toys on the people they are supposed to be protecting.
This program just shows some of the military waste that we continue to spend billions on each year.
You're a disgrace to PA; this puts police in more danger by positioning them as an enemy of the people & not a part of the community.
I didn't vote for you in 2016, and I'm proud of that. Supporting a plan that will literally kill your constituents...shame.
 you are the worst
Have you lost your fucking mind ?!?!
Hey, since you're in favor of handing shit out willy nilly, can I get an M249 and like 5000 rounds? TIA
Sounds like they want to sell more weapons.
Protect themselves from who exactly?
This is an assault on the citizens of the US. Police are there to protect and serve, not intimidate and brutalize. You should be ashamed.
Bayonets and grenade launchers? Are they policing or oppressing?
No to militarized police. No.
If u stopped idiots from owning Ak47s, then the cops wouldn't need more equipment. I know, my dad was a cop.
Beat cops would need less riot gear if there was better community engagement
Demilatarize local law enforcement.
Perhaps you should invest in the systems that prevent the need for a militarized police force in the first place!
I am a resident of PA and a voter. Please explain why police need military gear to use against civilians. "Excessive" comes to mind....
You are the worst Senator we ever had. Scared to have town halls & now pretending PA needs military equipment Shame on you
The good people of law enforcement do not need military grade weapons. Our country is not a militarized zone.
This is asinine, and you are an embarrassment to Pennsylvanians.
DividePpl Since80s HasBeenA SpecificGOAL Of Corp/Koch/CitUnited OwnedGOP>Technology/SocMedia EscalateIt
Police do not need military gear to protect and SERVE! YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE
Privately funded federal prisons. Forcing police to work for ICE. Incarcerating children. Now this?
"Crucial" steps to destruction.
I would like your protection from Trump. You can make that happen. He needs to go before he starts war here and everywhere else. Impeach Now
Sessions, Trump, and now you are lying about this. Police have always been able to obtain PROTECTIVE gear. 
NO militarized police, thank you
Under Trump, more police officers will have access to camouflage uniforms, bayonets, and even grenade launchers.WHY?

Because a picture is worth a thousand words.
Mad Magazine responds to Trump's decision to lift ban on military gear for local police w/ a fresh take on Rockwell http://www.madmagazine.com/blog/2017/08/29/trump-lifts-ban-on-military-gear-for-police … 
More fascist violence.
Only difference between the US military & the local police will be the uniforms.  Same equipment & can be used against US citizens.   Sad.
What crap.  How about ratcheting down the weaponry?  Thought you were on our side on this.
So you ok with police force acquiring tanks and rocket launchers right, so if it get to that point that's when you call the military DUMMY
How exactly is any of this going to help? Police don't need tanks. When they have them they look for excuses to use them.
Thread about police from a conservative who thinks the Toomey/Trump/Sessions POV is BS:
I'm going to have to make a list, aren't I?
Here's the rest. Sorry about not connecting:
If you're the kind to open fire on someone with the slightest provocation, don't become a cop.
Yes we need to protect our police officers ... Thank you ...  
So their assault rifles, bullet proof vests and training isnt enough? We have to raise our kids in a militarized zone to feel "safe"?
And this is nothing new. Ferguson a couple years ago was Amplified by a police force that looked like an invading Army
They don't need to tanks nor 50 caliber machine guns. And they need to look like police officers not an invading Army.
Local law enforcement  are not meant to be, nor have the experience, training and skill set to be  'Armed Forces'.
And shame on him.
Police are NOT the MILITARY  for a reason!
This is a tone-deaf and moronic statement. I am embarrassed that the state of PA reelected you
There is nothing this @potus does to be pleased about. It's time to start impeachment process
Pat. You have let PA down. All u do, is agree with TRUMP. If we wanted a yes man it wouldn't have been you. Listen to your voice mail. Care!
So you think it's too much to ask of police departments that they explain why they need grenade launchers? They're only hurting their image.
Do you have to come down on the wrong side of EVERYTHING!?
No cops need this stuff. Unless they want to "move on the people like a bitch. "
Who needs a tank? Seriously...
You are one of the worst senators in Congress, and a pretty lousy human all in all. Have you learned nothing while watching recent events?
Police officers don't need military weapons.
Counting down the days until we can vote you out (PA Resident, 15010)
How is that going to help when your president's Nazi followers run people over with cars? (PA Resident, 15010)
what every small town in America needs! Military equipment to fight residents who now have to pay maint for abuse
TOOMEY just once I would love for you to STOP voting against the people! You have proven once again that you are as incompetent as POTUS
Disappointed that you didn't address increased likelihood of police rioting caused by militarization. http://www.cnn.com/2014/08/19/opinion/dansky-militarization-police …
I've said it to you before.  Please resign.  You are a Pennsylvania embarassment.
I fear they will be used against citizens exercising their 1st Amendment rights to peacefully protest.
Oh ic. We are turning into 1 of those countries who has military style police walking around. That's a good way to bring ppl together! Ugh.
Yes Toomy!
I much prefer a panicked cop with a grenade launcher than some pathetic pistol. More fresh souls! 30 pieces of silver to you sir!
Nice way to spin it Pat. Do we really need military ready police playing soldier out there. Pull out the .50 caliber belt driven machine gun
U know how scary the police are right now. ? And you want to make them a domestic Army ! Let's increase the tension.
#LukeCage
More police militarization of doesn't make America safer. It leads to more police violence against POC and undermines  civil liberties.
That's former President Obama.
true. trump is trying his best. all we need to do is support him and pray
When have you seen "criminals " using tanks in US? Your disgraceful, bias,  bigoted and contemptuous of the poor.
Senator - PA has one of the best trained state police forces in the U.S. Please make sure that funding for training our police is included!
Pathetic Toomey!!
Grenade launchers, really? We must be getting ready for a 2nd civil war. Whatever happened to "peace officers"?
You are promoting oppression.  The police should not be armed like the army.  We do not want the gestapo marching through our streets.
So, this is to allow local police to have military grade equipment, like armored vehicles, riot helmets. Do we need that for local police?

You are thoroughly disgusting and just because no one in PA has ever recalled or petitioned to have a senator removed does not mean it can't
be done. Anyone can sue anyone for any reason. And, even though they may not win, it risk lives on.
Given that you've never served in the US Military I do not expect you to "get" the dangers of this. You're a war mongering Chickenhawk
coward who can't even hold a town meeting and whose office never has anyone answers the phone. I got a letter from you and it was one of
most condescending thing I've seen in a while. Maybe if you stopped talking to people like they had more than two brain cells.
That's bogus - our local police do not need the kind of equipment used to fight wars.
A rocket launcher is not for protection
I'm sorry you see Americans as proper targets for militarized law enforcement.
Want to support law enforcement?  Respect the independence and work of courts.  DON'T pardon a convicted criminal like Arpaio.  #DumpTrump
Agreed! Thank you Senator. Our police should be given the full support to keep law abiding citizens safe.
What about the pardon of Arpaio?  We have a lawless, fascist Pres. we need strong leaders, not mealy mouthed collaborators
There is no reason for police to have military grade equipment.. we are not a police state.. stop this it is wrong



You mean the guy you wouldn't admit to voting for?
Again,  do you see any positive responses from your constituents?
Loved this reply so I'm going to use it.  Fair question: My Toomey, in what situation does a grenade launcher save lives?
Sorry, but if military-grade equipment is needed, then bring in the National Guard.  That's part of what they're there for.
What do police need rocket launchers for?
Sycophant. You are supposed to work for the people of Pennsylvania.
I do not want my money going towards this militia.  This is horrible.
This is life-threatening equipment, not life-saving. It's deplorable. Citizens are not enemies of the state.
By giving weapons to untrained police officers? Weapons our military uses on the front lines of war?? Potus needs his mental health ✓ed.
Clearly, ever increasing militarization is the right move, and not a worrying sign. #nothingtoseehere
By militarizing them? You WANT a police state as much as POTUS.
Militarizing the police is another step toward fascism and abuse. This is entirely the wrong direction.
I DON'T agree with the police being militarized! Many officers DON'T have the mental capability to handle that type of military equipment!
That's wrongheaded. No need to militarize the police. Maybe see how you feel when they come for you.
Blah.   Blah.   Blah.    Blood money.
You're a tool.
One more step to a police state.
Welcome to the police state. Complete with generals in the west wing.
