Why don't we try raising taxes on the rich and increase the pot of money- it's pretty simple really you just need to stop catering to the $$
It's funny how you associate a group with a whole party. It's adorable how your force views based upon data that is not there.
ACA started as repub idea in MA but because Obama passed, you sabotaged.  Hold a hearing instead of pushing these misleading statements
Awesome work. Was that around the time of Iran Contra Affair? When govt was led by a demented old actor who followed astrology? Great times
TBT to when #RealPA had 2 senators that responded to their constituents.
This is all Republican bunk and a lot of us know better. This is a vendetta against Obama and not to help citizens. GOP wants to gloat.
You are such a disappointment, even for Pa where the bar is so low.# Partisan traitor
Do a tbt to when REPUBILICANS put country before politics ( I e lobbiest$) I can't find that either
You better not vote on that HeathCare Bill no matter what talkingpoints or lies the Repubs instruct you to spew.Oh and answer your phone
she's not a democrat, tom
tom is everything alright at home?
#TBT to when you weren't in office...
The #NewSpeak queue from @SenateGOP is full. You should replace #BetterCare with a more descriptive title such as #PleaseDieQuickly.
Pat, since you're going back to the archives, remember this?
although this wasn't 22 years ago, this was in December when you pretended to be a moderate to get elected.
but here we are a few short months later & you've not done one thing that defends or respects your campaign pledges.
you're trump's lap dog. This will be your legacy & the subject of many #TBT posts. You've disgraced the office & your state.
#OpposeBCRA #OpposeAHCA #AHCAisIMMORAL Your constituents want no part of this travesty. Oppose. Oppose. Oppose. Oppose. Oppose. Oppose 15126
It was a bad idea then and it is a WORSE IDEA NOW!
Pound sand Toomey. Just go away. No1 is fooled by you anymore. Ur lack of care, response 2, &attention 2 the PAns is evident w/no town halls
Only 12% support this bill. We aren't buying what you're selling. We don't want your #Trumpcare #TrumpcaresUnAmerican #idontlikeyou #liar
TBT to when Pat Toomey listened to his constituents... oh sorry, that never happened. Coward. You serve us not the president
That's 1995, dude. It's wrong today and it would've been wrong then. Don't be petty and use this to justify your inhumane bill
Pat, you're embarrassing yourself. Just relax and enjoy your last term. Go golfing.
Not sure the #TBT game is one you want to play sir, with your party's history. How about when Trump said "No cuts to medicaid."
Since reductions to Medicaid are necessary to keep its budget sustainable, what can be done to keep the DoD budget sustainable? Hmmmmm...
Who found this 20 year old article for you?  You don't support your constituents, only Mercer and Koch Bros. Your bill gives them $800 mil
You're unbelievable. No one said the ACA didn't need revisions. But this revision stinks. Rework it & work across the aisle.
At some point you have to put on your big boy pants and stop blaming Democrats, Pat. Your TrumpCare bill stinks. Do better.
Read it to the Koch brothers -- the only constituents you care about.
Your bill is so bad it can't be supported on its own merits, causing you to resort to old comments?! You can't own your own bad bill!
You're beginning to learn some tweet skills from your boy Don. U have a long way to go, but keep trying!
Does Rep. stand for Reprehensible?
Ummm...The 90's called, they don't want their health care back. 
TBT to 22 years ago? Come on, man! #faceyourconstituents
that was then, & this is now.  US Gov. took the cash the baby boomers paid, pissed it away & now you want more?  #RenderuntoCaesar
You want to defend your views to the public, host a town hall. Stop hiding from your constituents
Um that's 1995 & last century. Can you like transport into THIS century? Hello?, McFly come to the present please! #SaveACA #Trumpcarekills
Do you think we just can't read?
". Pat Toomey, Pennsylvania senator and former president of the Club for Growth, a lobby for extreme libertarian policy, has urged the 1/
THIS is your self-satisfying but false & irrelevant justification for taking away my healthcare? No wonder you don't show ur face in public.
Thank goodness they've since changed their minds! Maybe you will too.
Is it telling to you or your staff that in over 100 replies to this tweet (& counting), NOT ONE is in support of your position? #GetInTouch
You mean, 22 years ago when the economy was stable and improving?
Wow! Really? I'm so embarrassed you are my senator. STOP trying to give trump a win & start thinking about how you can help Pennsylvanians.
So much for personal responsibility.
Medicaid would go much further if people could buy private sector insurance and we didn't have to support people we have no obligation to.
Can't decide if you are stupid or cynical. This tweet has me leaning toward stupid. Have you noticed no one is buying your lies?
You are just awful.
Is this like when the GOP get all indignant & call Dems racist bcs 50/60yrs ago they opposed civil rights? #tryharder #Townhall #NOTrumpcare
So in your mind.. things are as they were in 1995? That's the basis for your argument? We are NOT buying the lies.
"After consulting with Medicaid Directors"-how many people with knowledge of the 2017 health system did you consult? McConnell doesn't count
#tbt you disgrace Pa and the US as a Premier Trump rubber stamp. Well if not for no ideas only bad ideas? Give up your tax funded healthcare
Why the hell did you run on repealing Obamacare while pushing for Medicaid expansion? You're a disaster and need to be replaced.
You and your leader take your jobs as representatives of the Banana Republic seriously, don't you?
And this is relevant how? I don't want caps on my health care, lifetime annual or otherwise. I don't need the tax cut. #VoteNoBCRA
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
Why do the rich need tax cuts while killing the poor? U have never answered that question.  GOP are lying thugs.
Bite me asshat! How about a TBT to a better administration
This is not a good look. And if you feel so strongly, why don't you hold a town hall to discuss with constituents - you have a break coming.
Why do you feel the need to play to-for-tat with your colleagues? You all work for us, act like it.
And the people would have fought against it then too. FFS.
@bjmapes has no clue.
Well that's embarrassing (for you)!
These are not the same, not even close. Healthcare is a human right, Senator. When will you acknowledge this fact? You are human, right?
Do you really want to go there?  Do u really want 2 dig up all the hypocrisy u alone have shown since you've been elected?  You'll b ashamed
Ok I'll play #TBT Which senator campaigned on reaching across the aisle? Hold an in person town hall before you start trolling.
Your demonic mission to destroy support for those in your state and in the nation makes me ashamed to come fromPA
Town halls. Hearings. Opportunities for constituents to be heard and learn. I'd do a #tbt, but I can't remember your last one.
Has anyone in PA seen @SenToomey morality? For that matter, has anyone seen @SenToomey?
You only have to #TBT 8 years to when Republicans supported many aspects of the #ACA. But call it Obamacare and suddenly it's bad.
Btw the #ACA is 3x more popular than the #BCRA.  Listen to you constituents for a change and #KillTheBill #SaveOurCare
You're reaching
Do you think this is cute? We elected you to represent us. Your failure is catastrophic, your deafness disgusting.
Tbt to when republicAns wanted to take away 22 million peoples' insurance.
Embrace the irony of Toomey the hypocrite accusing someone of hypocrisy.
Single-payer for everyone....now. Then you need to disappear from public life. #Resign
I was born in 1995, 22 years ago. We're 22 years ahead of you on policy. Way to go senator! #tbt #ToomeyLikesNickleback
Hey Pat, the uninsured people of Pennsylvania will triple under your terrible health care plan you are supporting..explain that one
20 year old articles are always relevant to changing understandings of issues
You had to go back a couple decades.  Things change.  Remember the recession?
I hope your staff at least tallies your replies so you can see how many ppl think you & your policies are ridiculous
KEEP the ACA!
Wag the dog harder, Pat. Did you read? 'not cut Medicaid'? When is your town hall?
So was this in any way drafted bi partisan? No. It was pulled out of a dark closet 
Wow, the passion...4 cutting Medicaid 35% by 2036 & cutting taxes for those making over 200K. Put on your smoking jacket & light a cigar.
"...without undermining the health of children, pregnant women, the disabled and the elderly"-Does ur bill do this? 
Do u know what it does?
It's 22 years later, who cares what politicians thought then, your voters are speaking now. Maybe hold a town hall and you can find out.
Quoting your fellow #republican outburst during Pres. Obama address to the Nation "You Lie!" #lies #bought #SenatorForSale
@daylinleach and @SenBobCasey would get a good laugh out of this crap. I would love to see @billmaher roast Toomey as well. 
How about a throwback to when the GOP would not tolerate a madman as president?
This is the best you can come up with? This was written in 1995! Nice try .
I'm sick of living in the past and finger pointing on both sides.   Try using your energy for something positive NOW!
#repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
#GetGovoutofHealthcare
Nice..   great way to treat your constituents that you hide from
#TBT to a time when the people elected to serve the people in the state actually served the people and not party/millionaires only.
Only 12% of Americans support Trumpcare's Tax cut for the rich. It will devastate Pennsylvanians and you will be on record as voting YES.
Please read the responses to your lies. Do you realize how many kids are glad they will 18 during your next election. #ToomeyLies #Townhall?
Christ, that was 22 years ago. Are we getting desperate for debate points?
And now gay marriage is legal. Wow, it's almost like people change. Gee whiz!
No matter how much you tweet and lie, we all know that you are championing massive Medicaid cuts.  SHAMELESS LIAR
Pat I follow you because I'm a constituent. But I may have to I follow you b/c your hypocrisy is starting to get to me. #KillTheBill
When Autocorrect changes unfollow to follow, you begin to wonder whose side it's on.
What's your point? They know better now- they are more educated re what per capital caps and block grants mean, and who relies on them.
#tbt to a time when you'd meet constituents from all backgrounds in person.
Did that actually ever happen?
Great, so your personal growth is only 20 years behind the Democrats!
Seriously. You really think that 1995 thinking should be applied to today? What the hell is wrong with you?
Andrew Jackson and the Dems supported slavery in the 1800s. I don't understand why they are so against it now.
#TBT to when @SenateGOP even bothered to listen to @SenateDems.  Don't forget -- you won by a rounding error.
This is so pathetic I am a little embarrassed for you right now. Please stop tweeting this nonsense, try talking shit about a tv pundit..
You mean back when they took a rough draft and opened it for public debate and made it better so that ppl could get treatment? F-U A$$hole.
That was before we saw #GOPhealthcarebill 
Latest polls on #Trumpcare 
17%
16%
12%
If it passes, it's proof they don't represent the people.

Ah yes 1995...Stop & frisk, 3-strikes, & don't ask don't tell. Go back 20 yrs more & segregate water fountains! What are you doing senator.
Gee, wow, 1995, funny how the world is totally different than it was 20 years ago. Kinda makes you seem super outdated.
WOW way to distort things from 1995
#TBT When republicans supported a healthcare bill that looked an awful lot like the ACA
"We have fought against medicaid block grants and cuts in the senate."  Did you even bother to read this attempt at a 20 yr old gotcha?
1995 ? That was 22 years ago.  Is that the best you can do.  Did it pass ? Fuck no it didn't
How much longer will you enable DJT? Need referral to an Al-Anonymous group?
#tbt that time you paraded around, pushing a "better healthcare" bill that removes coverage for 22M ppl.
I can't wait to vote for whoever runs against you.
Typical Trump move, blame the people before you.
Bam
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Time 2 move out of dark age Pat. Everyone deserves equitable healthcare. We R all equal. If U get healthcare so should we. #MedicareForAll
'WITHOUT DRAMATIC LIMITS ON ELIGIBILITY OR CUTS TO ESSENTIAL SERVICES' its right f-ing there. Your staff isnt even reading this to the end.
Ah, the good old days when Congress (at least some of the time) worked in a bipartisan manner for the good of the country
Where any of them your constituent? highly unlikely. I am and it is wrong to harm live. pro-life is protecting life even after birth.
How about a throwback to when GOP supported Romneycare until it became Obamacare?
Is that really the best you can do to support your stance?
Are you really quoting a source from 1995?
Instead of doing his job @SenToomey just sits around searching desperately for a way to blame Dems 4 something to distract from his b.s.
This should be so beneath you. Apparently it's not. It's 2017. Focus on serving us NOW.
.@sentoomey seems to be taking all his political cues from the Donald at the point. 1/3
1) When the truth isn't convenient, just blatantly bald-face lie.
2) Blame the Clintons. 3) Blame Obama.
Guess what, just because Bill Clinton supported something doesn't mean 2017 progressives do. Progressive = moving forward. @GOP = regressive
Another finger pointing exercise. Time to do something right or quit.
It's wrong when Dems try to cut Medicaid. It's wrong when you do it too. We want single payer dude
WTF does this prove?
Pat only read the first paragraph...
That's more paragraph of anything than @realdonaldtrump has read in 6 months. THis gov't is so f---ed up.
