The Earth is 6000 years old one third of the time Christians have been murder raping and torturing people
Or you could just call it "religious extremism" to also cover the Christian extremism that inspires domestic terrorism & terrible laws alike
Too bad your thoughts are with your own constituents who you have made every attempt to avoid.  We're losing healthcare and clean water.
Ok. How 'bout standing for us too?
I'm praying for the people who work in Tourism, Commercial fishing and clean energy. You put jobs in jeopardy
What about violent Christian extremism?
While I share your sentiment, you need to give some thought to the constituents you serve & refuse to face #toomeytownhall
That's great. When will you take a stand against the extreme leader's policies ?
I'm praying for the senior citizens that die because they can't afford their prescriptions.
Country before party senator Toomey
Look at America and it's terrorists.
are your thoughts in taking money from Lynn Schusterman again who is doing child trafficking in Israel? and lies on her ads for donations?
Town hollow: working to vote you out
Yeah where's your stand against ALL terrorists, foreign and domestic? It's not just Islamic extremists we have to fear.
how do you stand on climate change? I have to ask u here u won't hold a town hall
Please say something that is more than simply platitudes. We have serious problems with Trump and you are simply avoiding.
Yet the guy you support has more moronic tweets about banning certain groups of people which could put us more at risk.
Where do you stand against extreme Christian violence other than blowing little boys
Except when trumps tweets crap at the mayor of London. He is ruining our country and you say nothing. Shame on you.
What are you doing to fight white Christian terrorists in our own country? #portlandstabbing
I pray evil people like you are one day punished
I'm praying the corruption ends
You should condemn Trump's reckless and hateful rhetoric/tweets.
When will you wake up that #trump is not an "overblown sideshow?" You must be out of touch. Our Potus is an out of control Oligarch. #wakeUp
Was told by his aide he believes in climate change just that it's not man made .....master at the two step .but this is beneath even him
Thoughts and Prayers don't cut it If you're not with the President. Support him. Its time to Act instead of React senator.
You are a weak man who chooses to side with the whiney one in the White House. Go to Russia with him. #notmypresident
Can you give us the status of the health care repeal?
I thought it would be done by now
He votes against healthcare for American just like that f****** a****** Jesus would
I'm also praying for the 200,000 Americans who die early due to air pollution .
Hey, Senator Toomey, what's your thoughts on the domestic terrorist? The racist alt right, who murdered three people.Justicefortheirfamilies
Please continue - maybe START - fighting domestic white supremacist terrorism. Far more dangerous to the homeland! @ACLU @CAIRNational
How about your constituents? Do you stand with us? Hate to bring this up not but it seems that you're avoiding us? A town hall @SenToomey
The majority of the people do not want the Trump agenda of hate. Don't let it grow.
We can barely deal with a crisis. We need to fill the positions in administration. We have no brains there.just Trump & unqualified family
You don't mean it. You just spit words out to make it look good. You don't care about London, the US, or PA. You only care about yourself.
Too outraged to hide behind your equanimity today Senator!
How about we stand against all violent extremist?  Like the ones in College Park and Portland, too? #London
Maybe you should stand wit the people of Pennsylvania and not hide till 2022
You're a great senator whom I'll vote for again, but let's get moving on this wall and keep pushing for the travel restrictions!
Yea, where r u on the Russian connection? Are you becoming part of new Trumpism party? Doing ignorant stuff because u promised too, twn hall
The only way to make this happen, Sentator, is for you to immediately call for a vote instituting larger tax cuts for the super wealthy.
Still hiding...work to help us, not the big insurance companies, who are making mega billions of profit by excluding the sickest
What about your fight against American Intolerance of Stupidity? Do your part. Strike down the Treasonous Trumps the resign. #TrumpTreason
You should also be condemning @realDonaldTrump's fear-mongering and hysteria-inciting statements from this morning.
Do not support travel ban. Also stop extremist white Christian nationalist violence.
Selling weapons to a country who uses them on innocent people doesn't make things any better.
It's a shame we don't stand with our friends and allies against climate change.  How about a town hall, @SenToomey
TY master of the obvious Patty. The ppl of PA stand in the fight to remove you and the rest of the #gopTraitors from office #TheResistance
Got my sleeves rolled up and ready to go..  can't wait!
I'm for fighting against right wing extremists like you and your colleagues in Congress.  Hold a town hall!!
Hey, America first! Let's fight domestic terrorists too.
I'm here now, there is a great spirit among the people!
hard to believe given POTUS promise of 110 billion in arms to Saudi! Remember the UK when you vote to approve arms deal!
How about holding a town hall mtg with your constituents and you can share your thoughts about this and many other important issues with us?
It's not "extremism". It's just Islam.
What are you doing what White Christian Terrorists in America ?
Please. Enough with your bs tweets. DO YOUR JOB. REPRESENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS. HOLD A TOWN HALL.
@realDonaldTrump made it clear on his trip that he is NOT with them. Since you stand with 45 @SenToomey your words are hollow and insulting.
Your party is against welfare but you are the biggest welfare fraud of all. You get paid by the taxpayers and do NOTHING!  Knock knock Pat.
1 thing that makes terrorism way worse is climate change. Sounds like your constituents care abt both things. Mayb have a town hall w/ them?
We will have no friends or allies if you and 45 keep this up.
Well except for Putin
Tell your leader that.
Pat you might want to stand with PA instead of Trump the Russian puppet. Didn't hear a peep from you regarding the bad choice on PARIS
You should really just delete your account.  This and all your other nonsense statements are of no help to anyone #PatToomeyIsAJackass
You need to stand with the people of PA, Pat, honey. We haven't seen you in ages! Come visit! #TownHall
How about denouncing the tangerine monster's response to these attacks? But then again as part of the GOP you just standby cosigning his BS
STAND TOGETHER
FOR THE SAME PURPOSE
SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT
UWAVERINGLY!!
It's easy to tweet things like this, I don't buy it from you. Your action and lack of action speaks louder
Who is this?
And why isn't this on your Facebook page, Senator? Or your website? Hello? @SamAFisher17 @sk5395 @RobtPSimpson @AzzurriFanPhil
Senator, 5 hrs have passed since your tweet. Still nada abt London on your FB page, nor your website (embeded Twitter widget doesn't count).
keep stirring the hate and get attention off your money grubbing tactics@ #onthetaketoomey
You probably surprise even yourself how superficial and lacking in leadership you are. Still admire character/values of our wonderful Pres?
Globally, most victims of jihadists are Muslim. But you support the Muslim travel ban and the ban on Syrian refugees. Shame on you.
Do you also stand with the victims in Afghanistan and Yemen?
Pat tell the truth. The "Violent Islamists"  are MALE (confirmed).substitute Violent MALE extremism. Just as logical. Just as ridiculous.
Lets have a town hall and talk about it
Town hall
Had to get your political talking point "term" in there--so shameful.
Very nice. How about standing with the people of pa? Do you even know where the state you represent is anymore?
We stand with the people of Kabul. No matter where people are attacked we should stand with them.
Where are the president's* thoughts? He is golfing today. Seems like he doesn't care much. If you don't remove him, you'll lose in 22.
I already told his office after his vote for healthcare that I will do everything in my power to remove him in 22!
This is horrible tragedy. Please don't use it to push hateful rhetoric made the normal by your party. Have a town hall, we can talk? #realPA
Do you stand with the rest of the world in the fight against climate change?
Good to read that you habe thoughts, it's hard to tell on most issues.
How about a town hall to to discuss???
How about paying attention to your constituents you shitgibbon!
How about you allow him to make a respectful comment to Londoners and then separately challenge him afterwards.
I'd like to hear more about your views on counterterrorism efforts at a town hall
Rinse. Lather. Repeat.
said the guy too afraid of his constituents to hold a town hall
That's nice. Are your thoughts also with the people of PA? It's hard to tell since you never come to see us. Town halls so we can discuss.
