Thank you Pennsylvania applauded your decision. You will get my vote
Pennsylvania did NOT support Toomey. He refused to listen. Hiding. He will be haunted. Women in his life. Health care. Now this. Horrible
I don't know what part of PA you are talking about but I live in Trump country where Coal is King
Yeah let me know when Trump and Toomey start putting the coal miners back to work hope you're not holding your breath
Coal truck traffic has already increased. Friends are being called back to power plant already. Win for me so...
YOU are dreaming. Go ahead and dream. Until your kids and grandkids suffer. Clean energy is required for the future.
Yea, good job on destroying our government by invoking the nuclear option.  You work for yourself, not the country
I assume u felt this way when The dems did it???
Maybe if they did not try to block every judge they wouldn't have had to do it. You know McConnell was wrong.
Ok, lets go with that ......
I just love the excuses and justification why it was ok then #stilllaughable
Once again you did not heed what your constituents asked of you in voting to NOT confirm.
Time for us to vote you out of office then.
Thanks for selling us out, you barely won the last election, enjoy your last term in office
You mean Garland's seat? The seat y'all stole? You shouldn't be allowed to vote on anything during your last term. Next Senator's choice.
Thanks for NOT LISTENING to your constituents, as usual
Face it , you are the minority, he did listen
Pat you've totally betrayed us in the past and now. I'll be proud when we vote your ass OUT of office!
what's to be proud of? Garland deserved a vote, but you wouldn't do your job then.
Boooooooo!!! You are proud to subvert the Constitution and NOT give the sitting POTUS' nomination a hearing! It's despicable! #ToomeyResign
Thank you, Senator. Good choice.
Sounds like a little bit of a stretch to me, wasn't exactly bipartisan but then I guess you were using trumps alternative facts,3 dems appvd
What a shameful disgrace.
You slime ball! Unprecedentedly stole #MerrickGarland seat and had to change the senate rules to break  #filibustergorsuch. Theif and liar
Nuclear option to achieve majority--nothing to brag about.  Can't wait for 2022
Americans will not forget you changed Senate rules and tradition and BLOCKED Obama's nominee.Nothing to cheer about my man.
Like all lefties,you seem to have a very selective hypocritical memory-forgetting how recently Harry Reid was the 1st to use nuclear option!
Like most GOP, you cherry pick your facts. McConnell and the GOP blocked 72 of Obama's court picks! They didn't have a choice! GOP broke it
Flunky.
Senator, thank you for bringing balance to the Court.
Three, yes three Democrats side with the GOP and really call that bipartisan.  Bit of a stretch.  Learning how to distort news from Trump!
Agreed. He probably thought Bi meant one each.
Another short term victory for myopic GOP.  Gloat now, we all will pay later.
It was bipartisan?
YOU Sir, sit in a "Stolen Seat" Too!  & you #PimpedMyData .  HOW are you "MY" Representative?
You voted to confirm a justice who will side w/ corporates over people and will harm women's rights. Not something to be proud of. #gorsuch
Like @senToomey understands women's rights. The old guard think they know everything that is right for women. Ignorant and sad
That is the way the GOP like their women...ignorant and sad.
Is there something wrong with you?  Do you just not care about what your constituents say?
We aren't writing his checks come election time, nor are we wining and dining the old chap, so no, he couldn't care less.
Thank you @senToomey. Some of us actually appreciate standing up to the lobs and giving us our country back
#JusticeGorsuch . His mother was fired as head if EPA for colluding with corporations. Hope he can park his bias in the swamp.
Are you just as proud of getting no legislation done except taking away our  right to privacy on internet!  Poor excuse for a senator!
2022 tick tock, tick tock.
That wasn't bipartisan. Why are you so awful? PA deserves someone better than you. At least we have @SenBobCasey to stand up for us.
It was a mistake to change the senate rules. You out party over country and you will pay next election.
I KNOW YOU WILL BE TOO BUSY TO READ THESE TWEETS - JUST AS WELL BECAUSE "HATERS GOTTA HATE" AND THEY ARE ON THIS THREAD! 
Thank you for being a REASONABLE STATESMAN!
What a dirty liar, this "bipartisan" vote only happened after #NuclearOption by u and fellow Rs.
If Dem ran Sestak instead of Mcginty u where gone.   SESTAK 2022 @JoeSestak @GovEdRendell
Your actions in this matter dishonor our #Constitution.
You will live to regret this. Ask your gay grandchildren in 5 years.
While you all wrecked the Senate by going nuclear. Hardly bipartisan.
And you wouldn't give Garland the courtesy of a hearing. Shame on you.
Right on .
Not so bipartisan with the overwhelming majority of @SenateDems voting no on this horrible stealing of a @Scotus seat. #shameongop
We will not forget
Proud of what, supporting a movement to take away rights if women and families
You had a constitutional responsibility to vote on Merrill Garland. You didn't. That was wrong, and you know it.
A sad day for American's women. Not that you care. You have been working against us for years.
If only you & your GOP colleagues had approached the Garland nomination with the same pride. Not to mention basic decency & responsibility.
I will continue to work to see you do NOT get re-elected. You stole that seat and changed the rules.  You should be ashamed
Great job!!  You represented PA voters well. We support President Trump
I'm sure you are. Another uber right wing ultra conservative who will further your agenda He does not represent moderates in PA. Bad decisio
Need to keep that NRA money rolling in, dontcha, Pat?  Kaching!  Selling PA down the river one bad decision at a time.
History will not judge you kindly. Your constituents are livid. Tragic day for democracy. #RealPA #resist 
You're a terrible Senator, and a horrendous person. I despise you and everything you stand for. Constitutionalist only when convenient.
Merrick Garland
"A bipartisan majority"??? Are you delusional?
Bipartisan? If you and your gop colleagues really cared about bipartisanship Garland would of at least had a hearing. Don't insult us.
Really? You had to move the goal posts in order to score.
#couldntget60 #NuclearOption does not equate to bipartisanship #alternativefacts
You and your country club cronies stole a SCOTUS seat, and changed the rules when your boy couldn't win on the merits. How proud you must be
And you cementing the stealing of the seat that belonged to Garland.
I would be proud if you resigned. You don't represent the people of PA.We said NO to Gorsuh and you said F#ck you to PA
That gross display of partisan politics cannot be considered to be a bipartisan majority! Are you delusional,  Pat Toomey?
Proud you got away with obstruction? Shame on you.
I heard ur contradictory ans on ur Tele Townhall, voter avoidance, call. Saying Garland must wait /1
4 voters/Gorsuch can't wait 4 FBI probe 2 finish #FOS  #WorseThanMcConnell /2
Did you become a senator specifically to ignore the people who voted for you? What a weird thing to want to do with your life.
There was nothing bipartisan about it. It was a gross partisan power grab by the majority. Stop lying and ignoring your constituents.
No need to be proud for confirming a bogus justice. @GOP hypocrites never gave Merrick Garland a chance
A sad day for America. I'm ashamed that you represent my state.
Are you out of your mind? Bipartisan? You destroyed rules and tradition to get your way. A bunch of toddlers!
#FakeSenate #FakeSCOTUS #RealAsshole
I don't doubt that you're proud of your misogyny and racism as you're an entitled, selfish, bought-out bigot.
Hope it comes back to bite you in the...
Thanks Senator! I'm glad I have at least one representative who shares my views. I think #JusticeGorsuch is an excellent choice.
Bipartisan went out the window when you chose the nuclear option over doing the right thing.   I'm looking to do the right thing in 2022
How are you proud of ACTING AGAINST OUR CONSTITUTION.  You should be ashamed and fearful of the direction you are taking this country.
And that's why I will do everything in my power to make sure you're not re-elected. Find a dictionary and read up on what democracy means.
Sad for us good for you to line your pockets with corporate gifts.  #onthetaketoomey
A bipartisan majority...do you understand the means of bipartisan? Holy Hell!
Should have been Garland, but you guys chose to hate Obama more than you wanted to do your job. Thanks, I guess.
Damaging our democracy...deconstructing our government...
I don't see a lot of support here for your "proud" moment.
Of course you are! #GOPtool You have shown little to none independence We will remember in your next election
too bad you couldn't be bipartisan for Merrick Garland!
You suck. I can't wait to vote you out of office
I am very glad you stated that so clearly. You embarrass Pennsylvania.
Thank you Senator. You are a class act. Wish we had another!
bipartisan ....you should try to practice that sometime goose stepper
judging from the responses here, u r alone in ur pride. 3 DINOS doesn't make the vote bipartisan, and no one thinks u rep 4 ur constituents.
Glad you're proud of what you've done. Your constituents are embarrassed by your "representation." Or the lack thereof.
instead of finding a #SCOTUS nom w bipartisan support u screwed democracy. That's not how it's supposed to work. @TuesdaysToomey
Twice the pride, double the fall.
I will be proud to vote you out of office in 6 years.
And ill continue to call the office to let you know i oppose you raise my boys on 10 hr for work but id rather struggle than be corrupt 
Proud to stand for corporations and judges to support corporations not people. Hardly bipartisan.
You're pathetic. This is not something to celebrate. #StolenSeat
I am proud that I did not vote for you.
Well I'm disappointed that you never held a town hall with real live constituents. We would have blistered your ears. Gorsuch = terrible.
Thank you for not listening to us!
That is nothing to be proud of.
Hope you don't almost freeze to death along a road and your employer says you can't leave your stranded vehicle. But why should you worry?
this doesnt look anything like bipartisanship. This is changing the rules for an unfortunate win.
It's not bipartisan if you had to change the rules.....
TELL HARRY REID!
. hardly bipartisan.
Sad day when a racist is elected to our Supreme Court
Bipartisan ?????????
A sad day, playground bully tactics prevail in the Republican Party. #MakeAmericaGroanAgain
Good to hear you are proud I am incredibly saddened by this nomination.
Party of constituents, party over state, party over country, party, party, party.  Oh, and yourself over all!
You should have had a hearing for #judgegarland
"Proud"? Will u be proud when he votes to take away rights from women? LGBTQ+ citizens? Or voting rights? #JusticeGorsuch
It was not bipartisan. He is wrong for the job. Current justices 100% confirmed he made wrong decisions on special need kids education #fail
No opening if you had not played shameful political games with the legitimate pick Obama made.
The nuclear option was unfair and undemocratic.  You ignored constituents who took the time to contact you.Shame on you!
3 senators up for re-election in GOP states isn't bipartisan.
I'm disappointed in you and every other Republic Senator. Garland deserved a vote.
And yet you couldn't be bipartisan a year ago and give Merrick Garland a vote
you own it. And we won't forget.
Trump could not have nominated more qualified candidate. Obvious that people like Schumer only opposed Gorsuch because Trump picked him--sad
And by bipatisan you mean THREE?  ...and not 60... and not Garland?
Sad.
You're ashamed and you should be. If you were proud, you'd meet face to face with your constituents. Do your job and represent us.
TERRIBLE DECISION FOR AMERICA.
a few DINO quislings do not make this a bipartisan effort. this was a stolen seat and you are a thief.
Definitely not something to be proud about. Can't wait to vote you out. You haven't listened to anyone of us.
Nothing proud in what you and your colleagues are doing on both sides. #ugly
We will not forget how you lied and sold us out today.
Shameful changing the Senate rules for this. What have you done?
Corporations over citizens seems to be your motto senator. It won't be forgotten
The GOP has sullied the Senate as an institution. You rally around a person so morally bankrupt that you become just as morally bankrupt.
Bipartisan?  Hardly, with only 4 Dem Senators going your way. You're a lemming. Stop the B.S.
I hope you run again...so I can vote against you.
Really? Didn't look like a proud moment.
You are immoral:changed rules to crush minority dissent, refused to consider legit nominee & confirmed choice of FBI-investigating pres?
Really amazing how dishonest most of this criticism of Sen.Toomey, an outstanding public servant.Lefties quickly forget Reid "going nuclear"
Have the decency to tell the truth.  Majority party stole seat, changed rules to force in corporate shill.  Dark money tells truth. Shame
My eyes don't roll far enough.
You've changed the rules and broken the back of democracy to get your way. I think it was a judge mistake.
You have opened Pa residents eyes. Wait until the next election...
You suck.
There was no "bipartisan majority"-That was an insult to the American government and all of its constituents, not just Pennsylvanians. 19146
Sad you guys had to change the rules to get your way.
Fool me once, shame on me ...
Don't be proud. You helped break our country. So ashamed. You certainly aren't representing me very well
Sad day for democracy.
I thought you said president's don't get a pick in the the last year of their term?
Thank You!
You're delusional.
Looking forward to the day you are voted out.
You are delusional
Once again you ignore your constituents and vote along party lines. #stolenseat #couldntget60 #weseeyou 16508
I am going to be proud to retire you! You and the GOP stole this and then permanently broke the Senate. You should be ashamed, not proud!
More like rob the country if a real justice to get someone who supports your narrow minded agenda, you're both pigs and someday you'll pay!
You shouldn't be. He's not qualified and you ppl couldn't round up 60 votes.
Your job is to vote according to your constituents needs. The majority did not want Gorsuch. You only care about $ and @GOP. #disgrace
Pride had nothing to do with it. Kentucky's McConnell gets twice the voting power while PA loses theirs. #rubberstamptoomey
SAVED FROM HIS APPT!!!
Mitch McConnell is filth!
Good pic of history's most incompetent and dishonest President.
We will not forget you voted to change the rules just so you can confirm a guy and go against your constituents! When is that #townhall?
You need to go.
you had a hand in changing the senate rules to force this nominee through. You have fucked with our democracy.
You mean the lesser majority that you and your @GOP cronies created? You're a disgrace Pat! You're an embarrassment to PA and America!
Republicans can't lead and have ZERO credibility
FIrst no hearings 4 Garland and push Gorsuch in when the admin is being investigated for collision with Russia. We  won't forget!
Shame you didn't show M. Garland the same courtesy! Don't worry we won't forget how you forgot the children of PA when you voted for DeVos!
How much did #JusticeGorsuch pay you for your vote?
THIS IS FUNNY.
#Mistake
Stretching the truth Sen. Toomey. This appointment would not have happened without going nuclear & avoiding the need for a bipartisan vote.
I don't understand how you can be proud.
Not proud of you. Embarrassed. Angry.
Confirm retirement!
not really bipartisan
This will come back to haunt you in 2020. Just you wait.

This is not what your constituents asked you to do. You voted against the citizens of PA.
