PA National Guard troops and helicopters headed to Puerto Rico http://bit.ly/2xOJhrT  
Why weren't they sent sooner? Oh that's right, it's an island in a big ocean and Trump was more concerned about the NFL. Quit!
I think you should read this.
@SenToomey Congress needs to put together a comprehensive aid package for PR and USVI immediately. Will you be leading this effort?
Fact of the matter is Senator Toomey has nothing to do with this but its great publicity by Tweeting! It's almost vulgar!
He voted against hurricane relief after Sandy,  so his tweet today is hypocritical and self serving. Absolutely vulgar.
And
Yet you support Trump who is failing miserably. But, yeah PA. toomey, you still suck!
Thank you @GovernorTomWolf !! 
Please let us know what you are doing to press for more federal aid?
The kicker
Make a public statement to your constituents about what u r doing 2 aid PR or laying lo as usual?  We c u.
We only have 10,000 personnel in PR. the equivalent of 40,000 responders Florida after Irma. 1.5 weeks later. Heckuva job, GOP.
I see you really don't stand behind your words
What exactly are u doing to aid PR?  Have u told Trump to get moving or have u voted against hurricane aid?
2-D obtuse Toomey. We help our fellow citizens by refusing 2 allow u 2 take their healthcare. Your party has no interest in care in any form
Real leadership. 
Here's a way to help.
are you golfing today too?
Why didn't you & @GOP take the lead? Why wait? #Coward
Considering we knew it was going to be a direct hit it certainly has taken a long time to respond
Activating the guard takes time and does not happen right away, you have to wait on the @POTUS  before you can start activation.
Agree. Sorry my comment was taken like I question the guard.
U voted against hurricane relief. Y? Deficit spending? But u want 2balloon the deficit more with this facacta "tax reform" Hmm. Flip or flop
Ballooning deficit IS @gop goal. Lays foundation2raid Medicare/aid & SS- TheBigDream.They'll do anythin4 it-kill us,commit treason,anything!
I know your rich friends are all over your tax reform but kind PA people care about the people of PR. Where is your stmt on your no?
And u believe that it ok to have verbal battles??? This GOP has no empathy is pushin is to war and you sir r helping pave the road
And what is your voting history on weather related disaster relief, Senator Toomey? You voted 'no' on Thursday's bill.
So what are you, @GOP & @POTUS doing? Puerto Ricans need water, food & power. Mayor is asking for help! Do something!
IT'S NOT ENOUGH. STOP CONDEMNING KNEELING AND GO ALL OUT TO SAVE THE PEOPLE OF PUERTO RICO!
After this deplorable rant by trump, bashing the mayor of San Juan if u cant see this man is unqualified to lead then you have a problem.
Pat. You're not a nice person. You try to steal health care from poor, want to give tax cuts to rich, and support a racist potus
Glad to see @GovTomWolf  in action and for you showing us the good work he does to help people.Unlike you trying to cut heathcare for PA. :(
Sigh. @SenToomey you are always a day late and a dollar short.
Exactly!  This POS is always jumping on the bandwagon, after its rolling by. While Barletta is out and about sucking up to Coal Miners! SMH
You shameless lapdog. Condoning @realDonaldTrump's despicable behavior toward the FEMALE mayor of San Juan with your silence.
PA residents may be helping but @realDonaldTrump dropped the ball bigly.
You need to pressure the President to provide more relief. People are dying. It will soon be a humanitarian crisis if he doesn't act soon.
Here's what the President has to say this morning. Any thoughts?
As always, our elected "representatives" come nowhere near the level of those they "represent."

IOW, you suck at this.

Top Reagan adviser: "The entire Republican theory of tax cuts & #taxreform is just complete & total hogwash as far as growth is concerned." 
Wow only ten days late
Thank you Gov Wolfe, Serv. Members and 1st Responders.If Toomey had his way, people in PR wouldn't have medical health ins during this time.
Why so late and so little of a response? Prez said that 10k government Including military sent. Katrina had over 60k and that was disaster
What is wrong with you. Pushing tax cuts for corporations with record profits while neglecting children
Yes, because the @POTUS you support was happy to just let them get sick and die. Someone had to do the right thing. The @GOP is clueless.
Pat, Thank you for speaking up about #PuertoRico now let's also get busy in legislation that will shore up the exchanges of #ACA.Time to act
Governor of P.R. Trying not 2 criticize govt but others have. Response has been 2 slow. Still have hospitals not working. People will die.
Still search & rescue operations in P.R. Trump congratulated himself a bit early. So far his attitude has been terrible. Not focused on P. R
Why so long2 get help2 P.R.? The devastation is worse thanTx or Fl. &Trump waited 8 days2 send the proper help.Did he know these r Americans
Been tolerating NFL shaming, while I'm trying to encourage Americans to show patriotism by donating to the Puerto Rico need. No takers.sad
Late
Maybe you should join in.  DO SOMETHING! #NotMySenator #TrumpLackey #helppuertoriconow
About time!
Thank you Gov. Wolf!!
Not sure it’s “stepping up” when it’s a week late.
