We cannot tell you how little we care about partisan games.

We care about your duty to uphold the constitution and our individual rights.
You have failed us in this.
Not giving Garland a hearing is more obstructionist. You don't get to change the rules simply because you don't like another person's vote.
Really.  So you would rather of had Garland rejected after a hearing?  BS.  Cry me a river.
the rules have NEVER been changed to support a simple majority for SCOTUS nominee
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. You are a mudslinging hypocrite.

Dems are doing what their constituents ask.  It's their JOB!
Do you tell your children to give up if they want something? lol you're a terrible representative
Merrick Garland
It is amazing how 90% of ur constituents don't want you to vote for Gorsuch. And--you continually talk over them!! How about town hall mtg?
Town Hall Mtg in PERSON--not some teleconference where u pick & choose questions from paid constituents...OH, did u think we didn't know!
We didn't start anything. The fault lies at your feet. U have always gone along with McConnell.
No you were wrong to ignore Garland
You're starting to sound like Drumpf. Pat... Pat... can you hear me? I can't see you. Your constituents would like to meet with you.
Coward.
And there's never been appointment of a SCOTUS nominee by a President under investigation for treason. You're on the wrong side of history.
unfortunately, current radical nature of republican party demands democrats do their patriotic duty by fighting against a radical justice
Are you hiding behind the newspaper Pat? You seem to like hiding from your constituents. We will solve that for you next election
We didn't want him.  Another black mark on Toomey ... no vote for you EVER again!  Changing the rules was wrong ... you'll see
you're silent for months &this is what you stand for! I have a long memory,time on my hands, when your time comes I will work to get you OUT
Almost like Republicans were wrong to not give Merrick Garland a hearing but hey, when you do it it's ok, right?
... never been a SCOTUS nomination from a sitting Pres with 10 months in office not given hearing.  Sad republicans.
The Dems were NOT wrong to start now. Gorsuch rules on his friends and financial backers cases. He is UNETHICAL.
MERRICK GARLAND
Americans will pay the price for the Republican games which began with Garland! You are guilty.
GOP wrong not to approve Garland!!!!
Gop 11 month fillabuster Garland
It's impossible to take you seriously at this point. Your argument here does you no favors. Time to start listening to your constituents.
That's exactly what you did to Garland. You just pretended it was different.  You should be ashamed of yourself
You think that little of your constituents to feed us this pile of shit?
let's not speak of the 300 Plus times repubs filibustered last admin.  All are culpable for divisive congress.
Never successful doesn't mean impossible. Unless the shitty @GOP @SenMajLeader and @SenToomey change the rules to cheat!
#ConfirmGarland
The Toomey method: If you can't win, don't try.
MERRICK GARLAND
You and your party never let the Garland nomination progress to the point where it could be filibustered.  

Hypocrisy...
There has never been a time when supreme court nominees where obstructed by corporate interests.  TOOMEY YOU ARE OWNED BY CORPORATIONS
Maybe you should have PICKED SOMEONE ELSE.
The Senate also never refused to meet with a Supreme Court nominee before last year. So, let's cool it with the precedent-breaking claims!
Let's see I believe letting a "President" who is under FBI investigation make any major decisions should be put on hold. RIP GOP
Gfy @SenToomey @nytimes
Glad you think Gorsuch is so great. He's going to be your legacy. We won't forget.
@SenToomey 6) Will you meet with us on Tuesday to discuss the implications of your party's decision?
Merrick. Garland.
Town Hall. You're a coward.
Wrong, like refusing to vote on a qualified candidate last year?
365 days ago is a LONG TIME. WE have LONG memories.
After #GOP abuse of filibuster, you're just a hypocrite.
Nice touch to cite the NYTimes. In the future,will you regard it as credible source.Or is it contingent on need? As the rest of this thread?
Why are you blatantly lying @SenToomey? You a year ago in PennLive
...American people a voice in November about the long-term balance of the Court... 
Will you meet with us on Tuesday to hear our voices?
I am ashamed that you represent my state.
#MerrickGarland You're choking on hypocrisy.
I thought the NY @nytimes was FAKE NEWS? Now citing them to defend a crappy nomination. Sad.
Town hall, just you Senator Toomey, not the New York Times, but I would like to hear them explain a couple of things too
You're flatly hypocritical.
