What happened to not being a rubber stamp for the Trump administration? Is there a single thing you've stood against????
None. @SenToomey is nothing more than a coward who puts party and billionaires first. He doesn't care about the middle class or his voters.
One thing about #ToomeytheTool, is that he sure stays bought. What an embarrassment. How about a #townhall to discuss? #RealPA
More BS from the senator who treats constituents like mushrooms: Keep them in the dark and feed them $hit. You're so finished next election
Just because you say it doesn't mean it's true.  Only the uber wealthy benefit from the @POTUS #taxproposal #doyourjibsenator #workforPA
Same old BS GHWB called voo-doo economics Tax cuts for Rich. Nothing for anyone else. Guess you'll get yours, though, & that's enough 4 you.
What does your voice sound like in person????15739 TownHall here would not be so bad there are only 200 people in our town
How can you, a fiscal conservative, support this? You have no idea how to pay for it. Stop allowing @realDonaldTrump to do damage.
If @sentoomey was a real fiscal conservative he'd have denounced the trips to Mar-a-Lago we all pay for. But so far just silence.
Other than cancelling the TPP, I challenge you to tell even a SINGLE positive thing tRump has done or tried to do...didn't think so!
Lmao the dim pols & their unsubstantiated belief in trickle down economics.  The Reagan version  has brought US to where it is today. 1/2
@SenToomey knows is #ownedbydonors that why does his #untruthful-Tuesdays-with-Toomey CC's so he can lie & never face being called a liar2/2
Your out, November 2018
Sorry, not buying what youre selling
No it won't. That's just Repub propaganda to justify giveing themselves a tax cut & then cutting SocSec & Meidcare. It doesn't trickle down!
Not buying. We have heard enough empty promises for a life time.
Pat why are you so afraid to hold a Town-hall meeting?
This is BS & U know it! So is the supposed 'healthcare' bill. Guess u don't want to be re-elected.
This will raise YOUR wages and all of the other one percenters.  When will you EVER vote for this country and not the party.  Sad!!!
Show  justification of allowing Capital to be transfered from one generation to another untaxed. That leads to a ruling hegemony you fool.
No, none of that is true.
Rich people who get a tax cut will invest it in themselves, not the lower class.
Of course and he knows that.
I highly doubt that Mr. Toomey.  More trickle down BS and giveaways to the rich and powerful. Business as usual for the GOP.
how did this turn out in kansas?
It's not a tax plan it's a 1 pg doc filled with tax cuts for Trump & his cabinet. You are a digrace. I will work my hardest to un-elect u!
Do you consult economists before putting out statements like this? Or have you jumped on the Trump alt-facts bandwagon? Disappointed in you.
How far up your ass does Trump's hand go exactly? I mean at this point you couldn't be more of a puppet if you were made of wood
Whoa whoa whoa. Let's be fair. It could be #Putin's hand up @pattoomey's butt. #ToomeyIsAButtPuppett
@SenToomey and give a huge tax break to @POTUS.  Does it benefit you as well?
Are you kidding me???? This trickle on economics hasn't worked yet!! The middle class has been screwed since Reagan dreamed it up!
It'll raise wages for CEO's, everybody else is screwed. Hope YOU are saving for retirement, were sick of having a corporate shill Senator.
No it won't.
Such bullshit.  It will benefit your rich friends who will pocket the money and screw the middle class and poor as always.
Who do you think you are fooling rich people going to get richer, the poor, poorer, disgusting!!!
Such a Yes Man
Rich over Everyone Else.
Party over Country.
Great Priorities...
Not.
U seriously say that with a straight face??
Lol, of course he can. He is a well honed bullshit artist.
How many times do conservatives make that case and it doesn't happen? Fool me one, fool me twice, going for three, maybe four.
Yep, growth in the national deficit, as well as obliterating the remnants of a middle class. This makes me wonder who without $$$$ benefits.
The economy would have to more than double it's projected growth just to fund tax cuts for corporations and millionaires. Ridiculous!
THIS IS A TAX CUT FOR BILLIONAIRES AND WILL HURT PEOPLE WITH LESS INCOME. @SenToomey grow some ethics!!!
plenty of economists, including conservatives call BS on this
Your a follower and will also be one, ps, leave my social security alone. It's mine
Keep kissing his butt! We are watching!
You're enabling the mad man @realDonaldTrump and will only cause harm to our environment, economy, security, and people #GOPLiesMatter
For the rich not for middle class. Listen you you constituent
Your statement is a lie and you only care to enrich yourself. You sir are a fraud and a liar #gloomytoomey #gopforsale #lyingcheatingsenator
What tax plan did you read? For you and yours it will benefit but not the middle class. Remember us !
First, not a proposal. Proposals set forth detailed plans. This is a book report outline from someone who never read a book. @TuesdaysToomey
Second, TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS IS A LIE. THANKS.
No details, no real idea how this will impact your constituents and yet you are already a cheerleader. Pathetic!
What about it is sticking it to states as well
You don't have any idea how your constituents actually feel do you? #notmypresident
Remember bush stimulus checks, that worked out great you dopes. rich a-holes keep gladhanding each other like you're in a knocking shop
And what exactly is your evidence for that? EVIDENCE MATTERS!! FACTS MATTER!! Speculation is just that ... fantasy at best!!
The opposition is already far beyond your means to control. Remember what Jefferson said about tyrants.
This plan will specifically benefit people like @realDonaldTrump and @SenToomey. It will inevitably cut benefits such as meals on wheels.
I applaud you, Senator, for making me so excited for the next election, so that we can flush you down the drain.
There is a term for this. Bull$%&*. You know it and yet you continue to support old trickle down theories that haven't ever worked.
If plan doesn't demand Trump releases  taxes we #DONTCARE -we will vote you out Pat. Vote FOR #NOTRUMP Act #EattheRich #PutinPuppet #racists
Liar
The trickle-down theory didn't work in the past, and it won't work now. The rich will just get richer.
Man Toomey you really are his b***h arent you?
Ha hahah hahahah hahahaha. BWAHAHAHAHAHA!! Oh, you are serious?!?!    Shakes head in disgust.
Are you seriously this stupid?
Raise wages? Industry only does that when forced to. I remember the long gone days when an annual avg raise was over 2%
What evidence do you have for that assertion?

Please hold a town hall Sen. we'd love to chat with you about it. #coward #republicansaretheproblem #toomeylovestrump
Make sure your healthcare plan covers mental illness because you sir are completely dilusional
It's not a tax "proposal" - it's an ill-defined dream offered by a man who refuses to share his tax returns with voters #VoteOutGOP #Corrupt
smh. This is outrageous. Cruel. Who pays?
-  ha ha ha ha -  tax plan is laughable -adds trillions to the deficit- but hey it's GOP math
What does it do to our deficit @PatToomey
Create jobs for whom, and promote economic growth over what we have now?  Fwiw I don't mind a bigger refund but believe you are bs
How? It seems like trickle down economics. I'm also afraid it's going to widen the wealth gap...more.
Pat Toomey = Rubber stamp. Sad!
Will it raise the minimum wage to a liveable wage?
The plan will make stock holders, executives and board members richer.
resign, toomey, you bring nothing good to the table
This type of plan has not done that in the past what is different now
Have you been drug tested lately? That is the only way this plan is good for the working people of this country
I disagree with your assessment of what this tax plan will do.
How? Just explain how. It's going to explode the deficit, but I don't know of any company that is waiting for tax cuts to hire more workers.
He makes a big deal out of the biggest tax plan ever. And we get 1 pg? If he were in school he get an F! And Toomey is positive, pat Duh!
Why do republicans hold to this trickle-down crap? It has never worked and will never because it is BULLSH&T
What do THEY have on you? You have stood against nothing. #yousucktoomey
This sucks.  It only helps the rich. And they're so greedy it won't help the rest of us. 19440#voteyouout
It is clear for whom you work and it is not your constituents.
How much will you save, Pat?
Have you examined what tax cuts did for Kansas?? Total disaster. Same plan executed by President Reagan resulted in huge budget deficit.
That tweet is only true if you add 'for the rich' before all the punctuation in the first sentence.
For a man who assured us he wouldn't B a rubber stamp, you have been marching lockstep with a very unpopular POTUS.
This plan will just make YOU THE RICH...RICHER
And don't you dare vote for that crap health care bill. Your butt will be voted out so fast. I live in PA.
This will just create more concentration of power and wealth. Greater income inequality. Increase monopoly in business. Just horrible.
Unsurprisingly,now deficits and offsets won't matter. Dynamic scoring will hide the damage. For a little while. May damage reelection hope?
you two boys are going to need some shovels  - that shit's getting pretty deep.
Only helps 45 and your donors. Trickle down did not work for 40 or 43 either. History repeats. @TuesdaysToomey #tuesdayswithtoomey
I lived through the 80's, as did many of your constituents. Trickle Down didn't work in PA then and it won't work now.
@SenToomey come to Lancaster County PA and see how bad this will be for real PA residents.  You're out of touch and only interested in CEOs.
37 years and $20 trillion of debt after Reagan and you're touting the same old lies.

The swamp thrives with Toomey.
That's good and all, but how about you get #Trump to release his tax returns? That'd be truly awesome.
If the new plan is so good why don't you and all the other senators go on it? Tired of subsidizing you
I assume you have some evidence to back up this tweet?  How large will the deficit and nat'l debt grow under this plan?
You both are shamelessly helping the top 2-3%.  Budgets are moral documents.  This one reveals your character. Luke 16:19–31.
And cut funding for ACA. Thanks, Pat#wearesickofyou
You're living in a alternate reality
As always you support the corporations that donate to your campaigns and line your pockets and don't care about the impact to average people
You are embarrassing. Want to create jobs? Have the Trumps make all their many products here in US.
Take a look at Kansas and see how well this plan worked there UGH
For whom?
And raise the deficit the record highs never-before-seen greatest ever sad
If the replies to your tweet so far are any indication, you have less than underwhelming support from Pennsylvanians. Add me to the list.
The plan will only make people like you and @realDonaldTrump richer. #ShowUsYourTaxReturn
#Liar
It's a tax cut for the rich that is being paid for with debt you ass
What are you smoking, this will do nothing to build confidence - it will simply expand the deficit.
You're making me ashamed to be from pa. Cutting the Corp tax to 15% is a gift to 45 & cronies and will destroy this country as we know it
So when are you holding a town hall? Never? Cause you should.d
Are you kidding me?  This is a disaster.
What a con! Corporations will just pocket the money. Workers will not get pay raises! Ass wipe u r the problem with this country!
No. You don't get to change the CBO rules to fit your half-witted tax plan. Prove you can fix taxes with the current rules, then we can talk
What happened to fiscal responsibility?
You just don't want to listen to any dissent do you? No returns, no reform. No tax breaks for millionaires paid for by working people's HC.
I know we have a few years to go but you will not win reelection! #RealPA
LIAR
How does cutting the estate tax help create jobs or boost the economy of low or middle-income families? (Answer: it DOESN'T)
If lowering taxes raises revenue, let's get rid of taxes altogether and raise revenue infinitely. How did the W tax cuts work for you?
Getting rid of 'head of household' hurts single parents - thanks a lot
Trickle down never works - greed happens at the top,but you don't care about that
This tax plan is everything I hate about Republican agenda lower taxes for rich, screw the middle class all leading to another recession
come on Senator why are you doing this?
Most Corps don't pay 35%, they pay much less & some highly profitable pay 0%.

These tax cuts will NOT trickle down to avg. employees wages.
These cuts will go to executive bonuses and corporate profits.

How about raising the minimum wage & making unpaid internships illegal?
Toomey - you are a liar, a coward, out for yourself.  You care nothing for your country or constituents.  We know it.  We see it.
#resist
This plan will save @POTUS 31M.   #Emoluments #SelfDealing
Where'd you get that number? We have no recent tax returns.
Senator, please issue your statement on #H1B guest worker visa program scam. This is a National Disaster.
No. Did the government forget what caused the recession in 2008? This tax reform and the deregulation of Wall Street looks to repeat 2008.
OMG let us know  when u don't have your head up @POTUS butt ......
Please explain how this will raise wages.Trickle down economics didn't seem to increase the middle in the past. This will increase wage gap
A tax cut for the rich. The rich get richer. We need to see Trump's taxes
And make the rich richer! I want to see DJT taxes, why don't you!
Good for your biggest contributors
The poor and the middle class. We will carry the burden for the rich. That's all the @GOP wants
It will not raise wages, RAISING THE MINIMUM WAGE WILL RAISE WAGES -- AND PROMOTE ECONOMIC GROWTH!
Also it will raise taxes on the middle class and let them for the rich. No thanks!
"Huge tax cuts for rich people is the best way to help the middle class!" Same sh*t from Republicans; just a different day.
And will try to utilize that failing crap: Trickling the money down... You're either an idiot, a stooge or complicit.
Senator, we've seen wealth accumulate at the top after tax breaks instead of "trickling down" to workers. How will this be different?
lowering taxes for the wealthy doesn't create jobs. There's no need to create a job if there isn't adequate demand for the goods it creates
Oh come on. Such utter garbage and you know it. How do you sleep at night?
You need to read up on history and/or have a chat w/economists. Not going to happen. Corps r sitting on excess $ and not spending. UR 4 rich
Hey Pat, any chance you got a chance to see Pope's TED talk? You don't listen to constituents but maybe you have time for him? (19086)
Exactly how am I going to get a raise from that, Im not a wall street investor?
Did you or the white house write that?
Looks good for Wall Street, not so for Coal Miners!
Still selling that "trickle down economics" myth, eh? Let's have a town hall we can discuss it.
This plan promotes economic growth for billionaire bank accounts. Trickle down economics does not work. Been there Done that Doesn't work
DT's plan will most likely open a big loophole 4 his companies. Huge conflict. His goal is always more $. Other rich ppl will benefit too.
Where is the plan?  Saw one page of talking points and nothing more.
When have you given a shit about rising wages .Some of the porest cities in the country are in your  state, you and Casey couldnt care less!
Thank you Toomey.... we are proud of our president!
No. Shareholders will get bigger returns while the workforce continues to suffer.
Not even. The money will go to executive and board compensation. Small gains to shareholder,  but not on that scale.
Do you have study to cite to support your opinion?
Harvard Kennedy School - 
Trickle-down Economics Revisited http://bit.ly/2oMX7E3 
Massive deficit increase helps whom?
Trickle down has never worked and will not work now. These plans only continue to enrich the 1%. Does NOTHING to help the middle class.
This plan in NO way helps Pennsylvanians. It is custom built to reduce taxes for corporate &wealthy. You are NOT looking out for PA res.
You and your rich friends are happy because it will leave money for donations to your campaigns. You're the worst rubber stamper ever!
Trickle down economics has been proven again and again to not work.
Fool
No idea what it costs or how to pay for it but you support it?
Man, I remember when you had some spine. I miss those days. This is reality-defying baloney.

Please provide details, BTW, how does eliminating all my deductions , besides mortgage and Charity help me? I can no longer deduct medical$
Guess we're not worrying about the debt anymore.
None of you have a clue about economics lol
Here’s what we don’t need to do: give more tax breaks to corporations when working families are struggling.
Look at all the dems crying
This is essentially a giant tax cut for the uber wealthy and corporations, aka your biggest donors.
Prove it! Words are meaningless from liars like you 2 #GOPLIES #TrumpRussia #ToomeyisaPuppet #GreedOVERPeople #BurrMustRecuse
This plan adds 70% to the deficit every year for the next 10 years while giving breaks to the rich at the expense of poor,
Stop picking party & the rich over ppl and have a town hall like we all keep requesting so u can hear us and understand what we want
Not to mention, you're going to decrease funds that go to our infrastructure, education, and healthcare. This is bad for 99% of Americans.
Why is it that I can look back through economic history & see a cause/effect between low upper-earner tax breaks & the collapse of the
Middle class but politicians can't? Do you not crack open a book or research what creates a strong economy?
It will thrill the donors to SuperPACs that support you & it will screw over your constituents. Wouldn't expect anything else from you.
