when are these meetings taking place? Many of your constituents would like to speak to you as you are our representative!
How much are they paying you Pat?  When are you having a town hall with your constituents Pat? 19064
TOWN HALLS. Small group meetings with select leaders are too little too late.
you're a coward who won't face the same people who voted you in. Stop hiding behind a telephone and face your bosses
Like Philly? Oh you're going to get an earfull here! The whole Jawn city is upset with you!!  @SenToomey
you have no credibility unless you face large groups of constituents at town halls.
So wouldn't it be great to host a town hall where we could all meet you in person?
Meeting with 4 people.  NOT impressed.
You finally came out of hiding and met with 5 people? How brave! PA will remember !!!
REALLY? HMM dodnt hear anything about this. Leaders of #TheResistance request a meeting w/you. So ur in PGH on Tuesdays? Perfect
more info please. Who did you speak with? What did you discuss?
#MissingSenator
Stop the friendly photo-ops and  answer some real questions.  Why no Russia investigation and why not keep Obamacare?
what baloney. Six friends snuggled around your desk. THATS NO TOWNHALL MEETING. COWARD. !!!!
thank you for meeting with citizens. You ran as a moderate. We want u to moderate the @GOP
speak for yourself. I want the GOP to stand up to hateful fascist left. Repeal Obamacare now
facist and Democrat don't belong in the same sentence. Fool.
Looking forward to Town Hall in the Scranton area soon. We need you to work to repair ACA -- esp for PA children and disabled!
Need 2 see u in Phila. Save ACA! Special investig 4 Trump/Russia! Protect LGBT kids! Stand up 4 what's right! Protect our democ!
You need to meet with more than a handful of people at a time.
waiting to hear that you will meet your constituents in person
of course you are. You hand pick the people you'll meet with. You're supposed to represent ALL PA residents.
In a state of almost 13 million people, this is not providing adequate access for your constituents to our senator.
@WhatsPatUpTo @SenToomey WHERE YA AT TOOMEY? You have a date with #TheResistance my friend. You work for US for now at least
Again, you represent more than four people. PA residents would like to schedule a town hall meeting. Stop hiding!
let's have one of those town hall meetings!
call his office the phone lines are open
i've called numerous times and get voicemail only in numerous times to get nothing voicemail  filled
it sounds like @SenToomey is back to his tricks of avoiding his constituents. Keep trying. He's a #coward that can't hide forever
Repeal Obamacare. It's an unaffordable disaster, Insurance companies fleeing. Support the president, that's why I voted for you.
You are in an overwhelmingly blue state that went red in the hills this time. We don't want what you do. Stop it.
I know what state I'm in. You don't speak for all. Don't think you're telling me what to do. Go away.
He'll find 4 random people, take a picture, hit the road and say he had a meeting.  Can't be seen for too long, right Senator!?
you need to hold a town hall
square head ass coward
I would hide too if this is level of constituent I had to face. Belligerence is unproductive..why bother...no point.
U won by 100,165 votes. Not a mandate, a squeak by. Staffers look at all tweets-not a good reaction to your boss's PR attempts.
We need a real town hall. This is progress, but not enough. #SpecialProsecutor
"Empty Suit Toomey" won't come out to talk to the voters
.@SenToomey DID YOU KNOW? Nearly 1 in 8 Pennsylvanians live in Philadelphia? Five times as many people as Pittsburgh! See you next Tuesday?
you know we in Pittsburgh didn't get a real town hall either? Why make it about cities? Ugh.
I'm disappointed there is no townhall in Harrisburg.
takes money for his support, runs from voters, has no spine.
please protect the first amendment
with who? Now that you got this one out of the way you can have the rest with high dollar donors who tell you how to vote #graft
umm constituency of 4...just 4...you've gotta be kidding me!!! Tuesdays with Toomey, Got more info from the empty suit!! #PA16125
Tuesday's with Toomey was designed to meet with you. One meeting, but still 100% with Trump. You can't twist the facts.
We are, too.
Shame on you! Have the courage to have an open and SCHEDULED meeting with constituents. Answer the voters!
Olathe Kansas. Do 
#alllivesmatter? Waiting to hear. So many questions. #townhall #letstalk
When will you do your job and meet with your constituents in a town hall?  You are a typical Republican coward!!
Cool! When's the next town hall?
So what is your position on the deconstruction of the American government that the Trump administration is working towards?
will that be in person or on the phone you coward?
4 people? Come on, how about a town meeting?
that's a good toe in the water, Senator. Come on in. The water's fine
you must make time to speak to EVERY Pennsylvanian who has something to say.
why are Priebus and Comey dicussing the Russia investigation? So many constituents. So many questions. #letstalk #townhall
You need to protect healthcare, education, clean air & water, and don't let the far right nuts gut social security!
Please keep listening to us! Trump/Russia pose worst security threat in our history.
So that's a total of 9 constituents? Insufficient. #timidpattoomey
TRUMP RUSSIA....FULL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.@SenToomey How about some real town halls with enough notice for people to actually attend? Or are you just going to continue to hide?
Stay strong Senator,don't fall into the DemocRATS Traps. Keep doing your job well!!!
how about a Town Hall meeting Pat?
PA extends beyond PGH- don't forget your constituents in the Philly area. (Ps this photo op is soooo transparent)
U will be out next election.  I can feel it.  Better polish up that lobbyist resume.  Oh wait, u have to wait 5 years.  Nah......
Quit the B.S. Pat.  These little meet-ups do not replace a public forum.  You are chicken in the biggest sense.  U will be out!
are u pretending this makes up for holding no town halls! Screw u! I will make sure u don't get re elected !
hey thanks for coming to the town hall. I can't wait to ask you a question when you can't avoid it via social media. #cuin2018
I hope you find your way back to representing us with integrity.
Looking forward to asking you a few questions.  You were off this week where were you?
stop with the photo apps and go back and do your damn job
When is your meeting in Philly?
support an independent commission to investigate Trump/Russia.
4 constituents at a time? What a #coward! If you can't defend your policies & those of your President #resign
town hall tho???????
we are all your constituents. We live in PA and are not paid protestors. Hold a town hall 17315
thanks. It's about time
Hold a town hall mtg AT NIGHT when most people can come.  WE WILL REMEMBER IN 2018. You deserted us. You FAIL US.  F
Awesome! America 1st! Repeal Obama care Now! Fair Tax Now! Deregulations Now!!
Hold an actual town hall and listen to your constituents.
meet the rest of your constituents!! Shameful
you're DONE!
this is another joke like your 1 hour notice Town Hall on a work day at 2 pm.
the fact that there were 5 people there instead of the thousands who would have turned out speak is more about your cowardice. Bo
did you explain how you will assure healthcare for ALL Pennsylvanians.
great way to meet lots of constituents at once--town halls!
can't  see us? Tweet then.... do you think AG Sessions should recuse himself , from imvestigations involving the president?
how about you show up in person to a townhall meeting!!
8.3 million PA votes รท by 4 = 2 million days to meet with each of us. Hold a townhall. #TuesdayswithToomey #pattoomey
When and where is your next meeting? We'd love to attend.
We'd love to see you in Philly. We have some things we'd like to discuss with you.
you are a total fraud. What was discussed. Any questions about how much money you received for your recent votes #onthetaketoomey
oh that's nice.  What about us!!
Your refusal to address the issues concerning your constituents face to face will end up unseating you in the senate!
i won't hold my breath.
Was wondering how the Cowardpox is going for you.  How long before it costs you your job? Asking for a friend... #DumpToomey
Real, in person, meetings????
face your constituents you fucking worm
he would have to have a brain to process that, and sadly he doesn't seem to own one.
They are waiting on you too! MIA!
meet with the people who elected you and then maybe you will impress
great!  I, and a bunch of other people, will be at your office in Philadelphia on Tuesday at 12:20!  #TuesdayswithToomey
how about some town halls where all your constituents get to take the time to talk with you
Time to get a backbone and step up!
Toomey endorsed Trump 6:30pm on Election Day, after campaigning as an independent check on whomever won the White House. Gutless
what a joke
This is not a town hall or should it be a substitute for a town hall. You work for us. We won't let you forget.
Ryan Fitz Patrick our rep is going to pay for your lack of leadership
Yeah, how abt face to face with ur employers?
did you listen??? People have been trying to speak with you for weeks now &you are ignoring them! You will not be in D C in 2020
undisclosed location?
When are you coming to PHILADELPHIA???? You serve SEPA too!
where have you been hiding? Tried calling you several times. Can't wait until we meet again. I have so much to say to you. 
Dear Missing Toomey, thanks for avoiding your constituents, very adult! If u cant bash WH barring NYT & others from briefing 1/2
You can wipe your Ass with this "Toomey Tuesday". #chickenshit
Your a scared Politican who is going down. I always knew you were worthless. Go hide, and PA Voters will remember. #chickenshit
How about some open town meetings?
Come out of hiding and hold a face to face town hall. Senator Casey has TWO scheduled.  #COWARD
You suck.  Sellout.  As a PA resident I cannot wait to vote you out.
We've been looking forward to such meetings, too, esp. town halls @TuesdaysToomey
you need Town Halls not more meetings.  You owe it to your constituents.
#doesPAhaveRECALLelections
Hold a town hall you coward
I doubt you're looking forward to any meetings other than your hand picked ones- you don't have the balls to meet anyone else
Quit lying-meeting 2nite in crnberry twp pa, u never replied.not so eager to come..u can wtch it on tv
please have meetings with more than 4 people. Thx.
#wewantatownhall
disappointing that you choose these controlled photo ops and not take phone calls when national decisions are being made #noDevos
Really?? Nobody believes you. Do you even exist? #SpinelessGOP #WhereIsToomey #ShowUp #stophiding

will this include the Philly area?
you mean those meetings you're avoiding about being accountable to your constituents?
On the phone again so you can cherry-pick the questions?
No on House Bill 610!  Read up and understand that public school are our best shot! #NOVouchers
wow what a diverse group.... inspiring.
when's your next full town hall?
where are you??
the constituents in 15090 want to talk to you.  There ARE NO VIOLENT PROTESTORS.  Stop hiding.
waiting for face to face town hall, I am PA resident, not a paid protestor, are you afraid to hold town hall
instead of mtg w leaders in pgh, you need to meet ordinary ppl from all over PA. Hold a #townhall & listen 2 ur constituents.
Come to Philly
that $ellout wont come to Phila
.@SenToomey Never mind your four friends, Senator. It's high time you meet with your REAL constituents!
, thanks for the laugh!  You are hysterical but sadly correct. Well, sort of.  Think he still has friends?
your constituents would love to meet with you in public but you're a coward who loves Russia more than democracy.
Ooh! A town hall meeting??
a photo op with a select group of four PA voters does not count as "listening to your contstituents".
Yes please! There are more of us constituents who would like to respectfully register our thoughts! (15218)
Would like to see you at a town hall. This was not a replacement.
you should try actually facing a room full of constituents.
So when is your public town hall scheduled? 1 photo op w @TuesdaysToomey isn't enough. #TuesdayswithToomey #WheresToomey
Looking forward to dodging Philadelphia? COWARD!!!!!! #mycowardlysenator
Always party before country.  Independent investigation 4 Russian interference now.6 years will come sooner than u think.2022!!
coward. Money over morals.
when are you going to have the guts to face us in Philly? Your voting record so far is disgraceful. Your allegiance sucks
What you afraid of?  Hold some town halls. Do your job.
Who is the guy in the middle???? The one with a red tie!
called your offices,your phones seem to not work,erie,pitt,dc,you called me when you needed my vote,guess the phones work one way
hold a town hall! these meetings can't possibly capture the hundreds of people in PA who turn out every tuesday!
I'm not a Senator or anything, so obviously not as smart as you, but it seems to me the people would like to chat.
coward
please don't think these take the place of a town hall. U need to give all of your constituents the chance to speak and be heard
as a supporter of yours I am so very excited to that the American way of life is foremost in everyone's mind. #MAGA
when are you going to ask for Trumps tax returns?
Your colleague from PA isn't afraid to talk with us, what's your problem? I think it's time you grow a pair and give us our voice
how photogenic. What was the substance of the conversation? Leaders, please put up summaries!!!
hold a town hall for your constituents.  We deserve to get answers!
Shameful, traitor. Meet with larger groups you coward!
but will you show up???
Just a reminder that Philadelphia is part of Pennsylvania, Senator. Come see us sometime, we'd like to have a word with you.
He snuck into town to a specially invited group of ppl. Did not have a town hall. We want a town hall
H O L D   A   T O W N     H A L L   !   !   !   !
Please post the time, dates, and locations of your in-person townhalls ASAP. Nothing less will suffice.
