You wrote this with 11 other white men in secret! All physician and hospital groups oppose it! 17% approve. Simply tax cuts for richest!
You state "draft keeps expansion of Medicaid." Since the CBO for House bill showed 24M w/o coverage and $800B from Medicaid, you're lying.
If you think this bill will help anyone's health care you should use yours to get your head examined for brain damage.
Do what's right for your constituents.  We are watching you. #SaveOurCare
Typical entitled white male who wants to "thin the herd" of poor minorities through state-sponsored murder.
Sleazy Toomey- Koch bro for Life!!!
You need to talk with real people who will be affected by your actions. Yet you refuse. You live in a self-serving bubble that hurts others.
The GOP is the problem with Obamacare.
Funny how you left out the huge tax cut that only the wealthy will get. Why no mention of that pat?
Ill advised jargon for we're not really doing anything to fix Obamacare we're just lowering subsidies and rolling back taxes for top 1%
https://maplight.org/story/senators-drafting-secret-health-care-bill-backed-by-insurance-and-pharma-campaign-money/ …
With a little help of about 323 thousand dollars from the big pharmaceutical companies. Could of used some of that for my medical bills
Liar. You are shameless.
op-ed for @PhillyInquirer actually isn't the most effective communication tool you have to connect w/ constituents. #Its2017 #ivorytowerlife
I'm calling Bullshit.   Period

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155433573220789&id=63913975788 …
When are the  Pgh and philly town halls Comrade Pat?   Will the Koch's not let you have one or are you just scared to lie in person??
You're failing me as a constituent and voter if you think this Bill is humane.
U.S. judge finds that Aetna deceived the public about its reasons for quitting Obamacare
The Senator is a bold face Liar he is trying to deceive people about the bill he is going to sign he does not care at all about us in PA
You ought to be ashamed of this healthcare bill Senator. It's stealing from the poor to pay the wealthy and HC Mgrs. Absolutely disgraceful

Who opposes the Senate GOP's "healthcare" bill? It's a long list.

There are doctors, hospitals, patients, medical provid…
Please explain how tax cuts will help your constituents in PA. I'm not a millionaire and there is no estate I will inherit.

Hot off the press! The Senate Health Reform Bill Slashes #Medicaid Severely. See new PPI blog: http://bit.ly/2sz08fh  
Affordable Care Act Drove Down Personal Bankruptcy - Consumer Reports
This is a terrible bill that will harm Pennsylvanians. Vote no! #TuesdayswithToomey
Worked all my life from age 13, planned, and you take it away, steal it from us for a payoff. Really we deserve your vote no.Only no.Just NO
The cuts to Medicaid will be devistating. Seniors will pay five times more for insurance. You should be ashamed.
To bad PA doesn't have recall for elected officials.
Vote "no" on replacement.  It's time to put people before party.
Shame this is a tax cut disguised as healthcare reform
Why worry only about caps and not costs? Perhaps it's the $354k you received from the pharma industry?
You skip very quickly over these regulations. These are the ACA rules that are wildly popular.
health care is not part of govt - not mission statement - we need to let free market address most - Govt get out of way!
24 likes and 378 angry comments so far.
Gee, I'd say you're losing your job in five years.
We have long memories.
#16412
This is a terrible bill that is awful for PA residents. Vote NO!!! Thank you from 19075.
What about Planned Parenthood cuts? Care for women? Why only 13 men worked on this bill behind closed doors??? Vote NO, and do more revision
This sounds reasonable. Finally!  Thanks Sen Pat!
My thoughts on your thoughts.  You care more about party than your constituents.
And the employer based system is better how.  Have only had ONE choice w/my employer for years.  COMPLETE public market for ALL!
Written by insurance execs...for themselves..fox guarding hen house.Soulless.
Evil
Here's a novel idea, stop justifying this load of crap and find a solution that won't kill and/or bankrupt millions of PA citizens.
15217 your mailbox is full and your health care proposal is immoral
"Oh! What A Tangled Web We Weave When First We Practice To Deceive."
Hmmm, if you were not a senator and had just a regular job, how would you feel having to pay 5x's the premium a younger resident would pay?
Why not say that to your constituents' faces at a Town Hall? Answer: because it's simply not true. Greetings from me & my mom in Media 19063
The only way I would support this bill is if all of Congress changes their healthcare to this plan. No takers??  Shocking. 18944
Another senator owned by the Kochs.
Actually come to Philly and say this to our faces!
Your poor and middle class constituents cannot live under this "healthcare" bill. Many people will literally die if you pass this.
Stop even trying to fool us. You are an embarrassment to my state od Pennsylvania. You have no state.
OMG! Have you talked to anyone who knows anything about healthcare in the trenches? @ACPinternists are in your state! Talk to them!
The Senate bill is merely a WEALTH TRANSFER of $800B to the top 1%. It does NOTHING to reduce costs or improve care! Copy other nations!
Man, I've been waiting for the tanning tax to be eliminated.  Did you throw that one in for Trump?
You are an embarrassment to the state of Pennsylvania. I can't wait to vote against you.
Show us how much you like it by using your party's plan as the health insurance you get as a Senator. If it's not good enough for you...
We have pre-existing condition daughter. Parents on Medicare. We are retiring soon. If you believe in this then ALL of congress should join.
15232 this is an attack on your constituents
Here's my comment from Facebook.
How to fix Obamacare? Dump GOP in a river
If you vote for this bill there will be blood on your hands. You will have committed an act of murder.
No. It cuts out the poor and gives to your wealthy donors. 
What do you know.
I thought it was repeal, double tongue  person.
Just start another gofundme.
Bullshit. Good thing we have no opioids problem or large number of elderly in nursing homes subsidized by Medicaid or school kids on schip.
It does none of that. How do you live with yourself?
I won't support repealing Obamacare unless Planned Parenthood is defended permanently. G. Spaulding
The money you receive from pharmaceutical and insurance companies is more important to you than the lives of your constituents.
Shame!!!
Should this atrocity actually pass I'll work tirelessly to make sure you lose your job come 2022 #CripTheVote
I'm a PA taxpayer w/ CP insured thru my employer. Should that change #trumpcare will make it very difficult to get affordable coverage
The fact is that the Senator is simply going to do what McConnell has told him to do. Nothing anyone can say will change that. Shame!
Does it address why you hate old people?
This is a taxcut bill that will be worse than ACA.  If you really care about healthcare, work with Dems to make improvements to ACA.
Words regarding Medicaid are completely false
*Senate GOP Bill cuts health care for poor, but adds obscure provision to give Insurance Co's a tax break for CEO pay over $500,000.
Who do you believe on health care--your doctors and nurses or @SenToomey
This is a cruel bill.  Please.   Please.   Vote no.
My thoughts on your absence of conscience - your weakness will lead to undeserved suffering for many millions of people.  Shame!
@SenToomey has proven time and time again he cares for about his party than people. Lining those pockets.
Blah blah blah, my donors get huge tax cuts, blah blah blah
Your thoughts would mean something if you hadn't spent this whole time hiding from your constituents. #coward
Well. You got all the talking points down. Now it's time for you to cross Paths with real town hall meeting with the people of Pa.
Your bill: Hurting the most vulnerable Americans =unethical, unkind, unAmerican. How do you sleep? Voter @17557.
U say ur doing this cause u were voted too but that's changed-look at these comments-tRump has shown ppl the value of ACA-listen to them
1 - u keep calling it Obamacare why? U r a US senator u know very well that it's the American Care Act, ACA. U call it Ocare to scare ppl...
2- To drive support for the law down & that worked in 2010 & w 2016 because ppl thought u wanted to put something BETTER in place. U don't..
3-u WROTE the AHCA & its horrible, so bad that approval for ACA is at record highs while the bill u WROTE has a 17% approval. Knowing this..
4-U still call it Obamacare but that don't work any more. It's not 2010, it's not 2016. It's 2017 & u/GOP have proven that even with 7....
5-years to plan, u can't come up with anything better! If u ever had a townhall lots of ppl would show up to tell u the same. Stop ...
6-sabotaging the ACA and fix it, rebrand it #trumpcare so the kid king feels like he did something. Full stop
My thoughts on how to fix your representation of Pa...
Resignation.
PA 15221. This is NOT health care policy, this is an obscene transfer of wealth from the weakest to the strongest. For shame, @SenToomey!
By giving a massive tax break to the wealthiest people in the USA, we can give those that rely on the ACA a better health care plan! LOL
Does it fix our maternal health rate? Or does it help ppl afford to prevent heart disease? Diabetes? No. Of course not. #NoTrumpCare #coward
If you stand by this bill so firmly, then there is no reason to push this bill through without public hearings.
You're a bum.
Coward, why won't you speak to us face-to-face and tell us how you will be taking away my granddaughters coverage?
You're cutting Medicaid. Medicaid is a safety net. You're cutting a safety net. Remind me to have you NOT pack my parachute.
You're full of . If you really believe this, you're a fool. Otherwise, you're a greedy liar. I will use all of my 1%er tax cut to oust GOP.
and when millions lose insurance, you'll answer for it in 5 years. Can't wait.
No preservation of safety net when you reintroduce lifetime caps, remove ess'l health benefits and link per capita cap to standard inflation
Apparently the new healthcare bill covers receding hairlines...Go Forehead!...err   Forward!
Ok, so: current situation not sustainable. Not convinced safety net will be saved, though. Waiting to hear from experts re: new bill.
And this explains the tax cut for the filthy rich how?
It's like your staffers don't even answer the phones @ your offices & hear what constituents are saying...oh, wait...This bill is BAD for PA
No, it leaves millions of us at the mercy of insurance companies who always put profits first. We want the same coverage you have Senator!
The reason our healthcare costs are higher and outcomes worse than the rest of developed world isn't because our rich are overtaxed
if this bill is a "good bill" then I demand that you and your family use it for coverage instead of your current healthcare. #good4usgood4u
Until the senate plan includes a requirement for senators to use said plan's coverage, you know it's a bad deal.
Your article is incredibly disingenuous. Many of ACA's issues are caused by congressional sabotage and state level Republican malfeasance.
The median income in PA is $40,106.. please explain how this plan works, along with mortgages , college savings & retirement?
ughhhhhhhhhh YOU ARE THE WORST @SenToomey
No, Toomey you are wrong.
You've got blood on your hands with this monstrous bill.
Of the 267+ replies, are any of these for Trumpcare?  Does this tell you anything @SenToomey?
you're the failure, senator.
Why are you tying Medicaid coverage to the CPI when healthcare costs grow faster than the avg CPI inc? That means less $$$ for recipients.
Removing protections on pre-existing conditions, and reinstating lifetime caps is a safety net? You're sick, ignorant, and hurting PA.
What about the 'elder tax'? Where the elderly can pay up 5x more than healthy young people instead of up to 3x more under ACA?
Why didn't you talk about the tax breaks for your cronies and millionaire pals? What about the payoffs to health insurance executives?
Will some journalist actually put eyes and ears on Toomey.  Video extra.  Thank you
and what about maternity - screw woman - you dont want us to have a right to choose but dont' want to cover childbirth as basic HC...jerk
you also gave ins the right to NOT cover things like Prescriptions!  we're not stupid Toomey...
you reduced to 350% of FPL and you eliminated cost sharing subsidies, which make it possible for people like me to have an afford healthcare
Nope.  Your killing poor sick people for the wealthy and your rich buds.
Myth: You represent us. Fact: You care ONLY about wealthy tax cuts. We will remember when it's reelection time if you vote yes to this bill
Healthcare isn't expensive because of obamacare. This healthcare plan offers no reduction in the cost of healthcare either.
sorry WE don't believe you and your secretive, weasel colleagues.Presidents of ins cos are saying this won't work
We know how you see millions of covered citizens to be a failure. & when you say "our" safety net, you mean the one for your rich friends.
@POTUS stated “I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.”
Mr Toomey you are failing us yet again by supporting a bill that harms the most vulnerable. Who exactly are you working for?
Are you just trying to screw over as many ppl as possible before you're inevitably voted out of office and the money stops coming in?
Your article literally says nothing. You provide a lot of promise without actually explaining how it works. Please try again.
You must add legislation that all members of Congress, the Whitehouse and the Courts must use this plan for themselves/families.
There is nothing "more stable" about this obscene bill. And it is a flat-out LIE that people on employer plans will not be affected...
Lifetime and annual caps can be reinstated, the federal protection for pre-existing conditions is rescinded...
and essential benefits no longer have to be covered. This means that the premiums for those plans that do cover them will be sky-high...
You will have the blood of Pennsylvanians on your hands. All this to give yourself & your rich buddies a tax break. Sleep well, traitor.
Answers, WE want answers, this plan isn't it. This is bad 4 our country, this is a fishing net trap, it will kill us. You can't disguise it.
you call yourself a Christian. Shame on you & the GOP. Wait till those that voted for you & trump see how this affects their health care
Explain how high risk pools with people who have pre existing conditions (how about defining that) would not be a failure.
Focus on what's Good 4 the country, stop trying to win against Obama. If you think this is what your constituents want you are not listening
I'm glad we have one Senator that is looking out for working pennsylvanians. Since Casey sign that awful bill our premiums have quadrupled!
Having a bigger separation isn't good for the country & it's not good business to have sick people who can't contribute to the growth. Boo
Not to mention the rural hospitals that will go bankrupt as people lose their coverage. You can't put lipstick on a pig, Senator.
All so your billionaire cronies can get a tax cut. Your bill will literally drive people to bankruptcy and kill them.
Your bill does not control costs and provide better care. It provides less care, at higher cost, to fewer people.
Have you ever tried to put yourself in someone else's shoes?  It's not as clear and easy as you profess. Glad your perfect, not.  Get a soul
This is lauaghable. You wrote this bill behind closed doors and are lying to us about what it does. It is a massive tax cut to billionaires
Senator, please carefully read each and every response. Your constituents overwhelmingly oppose this bill. Choose Pennsylvanians, not party!
First DeVos and now this - line your pockets with $$$ at OUR expense - we will NOT forget!
You're a joke of a human. Republicans are making their beds. I hope one day you need to rely on Medicaid and realize how badly you've done.
"repeal of Obamacare taxes".  Can you explain what taxes are being repealed?
So why? AGAIN, why are the Republicans in the Senate the only ones that can see this has good for the 97%.  We are not stupid, you sold out
We've all gotten this letter before.  Save it.  You are selling the people who elected you as well as those of us who didn't.  Heartless.
WE'LL REMEMBER..u remember that..u live and breathe that statement..
