When people vote you in, you represent them. However, all you care about is the GOP agenda and not the people's agenda. #shameful
Don't act like you have integrity now. Been calling your office for weeks asking for spc pros and the answer was always, "no comment"
Who are you and what did you do with Senator Toomey?

Is McConnell's grip weakening?
Soooo @resisterhood 

I dunno what's going on with Toomey but...
GOP tide starting to turn. He's not even up for reelection. It's the bizarro world.
One of the last GOP members I expected, given how he isn't up for reelection until 2022. 

Is is possible he's just been laying low? 
<----- eternal optimist, I am...
I love your optimism; I'm suspicious. We'll balance each other out 
I mean...I just. I repeat my first question.

"Who are you and what did you do with Senator Toomey?"
We won't forget that u did not support special prosecutor when 78% of us wanted one. Hope u  get fired next election #CountryB4Party
Thank you for not doing a god damn thing about this.
Do you understand that tRump is guilty of obstructing justice and NO WAY IN HELL SHALL APPOINT A NEW DIRECTOR TO THE FBI?! #TraitorTrump
WOW you came up again for air. It is amazing you haven't had one thought of your own until the majority says something. CHICKEN
Don't try and pretend you were for this.  If you were why didn't you speak up until after one has been appointed?
Your still dirty Toomey! Better jump ship, Trumps going down

If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
I wrote your office 6 months ago and never received a response by the way. Casey emailed me within 24 hours.
He answers what he wants to answer.  And doesn't listen to constituents he does what he wants.
You are delusional
Your allegiance to Trump and to Trumpcare will not be forgotten. Too late. #PAwontforget
Not going to forget that you supported Trump and rubber-stamped everything he put before you Pat.
Joe Lieberman is the worst possible candidate. No political officials.
Oh hey, @realDonaldTrump's tax returns are still super relevant. Pls request he release them. We need to know abt conflicts of interest
Your statement or you are confused.  FBI investigates.  AG (recussed) so DAG(compromised) so special counsel needed to decide charges if any
You are a coward who has done nothing but remain silent as democracy crumbles around you.
Donate to fly a banner demanding a #ToomeyTownHall: https://www.gofundme.com/time-for-town-hall-toomey …
Look  he does exist.
Nothing will obviate the need for special counsel, short of  resignations from Trump, Pence, and all those involved.
it's pretty easy to feign support for "Special Counsel" after it's already been established and you have no choice in the matter.
You are cowhering to the Media & Democrats with this "ideally a Democrat..." nonsense.   Republicans need a Senator with a backbone!!!
Had to go way back for you to go on record re Trump/Russia.  Yes or no, do you agree with below.
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
We now have an independent special counsel which is exactly what we need
You lost my vote at "ideally a Democrat..."   A Democrat in favor of true justice is an oxymoron.
Senator please refuse to make further confirmations or otherwise work on the President's agenda until an FBI director is named.
Trump's and Sessions naming an FBI director? Hell no! Not while both of them are under investigation!
How many people does he have to fired directly linked to the investigation into his campaign until you do something about it?
I agree!
Thank you for taking these matters seriously
You sure issue a lot of statements.  Have you ever asked how we react to the news before the statements.
No, this president should not be allowed to appoint FBI director while under investigation
And then you better vote to impeach.
I don't understand why you are against a special counsel!
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  SWAMP ALERT:  Sen. Pat Toomey does not have the Prez's back; only concerned with appeasing Dems & Media
It is about time you stand up for what is right.  There is hope for you yet.
As a PA Constituent, I am glad that you are on board - but what took so long?  When will you do an in person Town Hall ?
What side of history will you be on????
You never called for a Special Counsel for HRC when we all know she committed crimes.  A Democrat does not need to be appointed as FBI Dir.
P.S. Make sure you stay on the side of history. You opposed this.
I'm OK with this and agree with that, then wait until the end to decide what the outcome is! Thanks Pat perfectly clear!
Finally!
I'm still making it my mission for you to be voted out. We begged you not to confirm devos.
I don't believe you. If you and your colleagues could have avoided this you would have jumped at it! We're still waiting for meeting, asshat
Above politics, but a Dem? That is the very definition of playing politics. And you still don't seem to get why we need a SP. #dafuqbro
Do not support any more appointments by POTUS or any legislation he supports. Everything that man has touched politically is suspect.
Pile on...late to the game you are
Get a back bone and stand up for the president!
But why didn't you support this move before?  Complicit!
Spoken like a good swamp critter - you need to defend your party/Donald Trump - what about pres O obstruction of tea party??
You don't take calls and you don't do town halls. Who do you represent?
Another hollow comment. Your inaction enabled this behavior by Trump so you go down with him! You are an embarrassment!
Pah leeze.
Now that it has been done without any help from you & other republicans you support the appointment!  How very cowardly of you!
As my Senator I find it offensive that you want a Dem in that Job mybe like Dent and other rinos you need to be primarried
We don't believe you. This is CYA. Too late! Your story is told. Failing! SAD!
I voted for republicans for two reasons. Fix the mess the democrats made with healthcare and appoint decent judges . Get to work.
So, in other words, you don't have to think or say anything until the fat lady sings?
Toomey.. NO to FBI D). Trump has hard time finding trusted..need R)/Indep Law & Order person.  Your loyalty to PA voters not good.  Sad
In 2022, your constituents will "obviate" your senatorship.
In other words, you did nothing.
You have shown your true self: A huckster with convenient ethics. You are finished at the polls next go-round. Zero credibility left.
Mueller's here until the end, @SenToomey, until all the dominoes fall. Make sure you're on the right side of history.
No one will forget that you support him. no matter what happens
Country before Party!!! If you can't get behind that then you are not a true Patriot.
Unless we get charges against Hillary, waste of time.
Sorry, you've waited far too long to have something to say. When this ships sinks, & it will, you're going with it. GOP =party over country
Too little, too late. We have great memories.
While you may use fancier words than our president, a new FBI director doesn't 'obviate' anything. Less politics, more answers.
Mueller isn't an interim appointment. He's here to stay until he gets to the bottom of EVERYTHING.Will that include you-you like to cover up
Let's give him some credit here. He's doing the right thing.
too little too late pat. shoulda held a real town hall in january. now you have to lose ur job. 
Going to start calling you #VanillaPat. Because, you're predictable and boring.
If you'd have town halls your constituents would have told you this months ago.
Al Green took a large stand today, responding to constituents and his integrity. You have a ways to go.
The electorate has zero confidence in you.
Read my lips, you're a party hack To-Me
He is a Special Prosecutor not a Special Counselor. He is not to counsel people, he was hired to determine if a crime has been committed

ob·vi·ate
ˈäbvēˌāt/
verb

remove (a need or difficulty).
And exactly where was your statement denouncing the white supremacy group coming to march in our state? You can learn much from Sen Casey
"..obviate the need for a special counsel. In the interim.." Does @SenToomey wants Mueller out as soon as a new FBI director is confirmed?
Mueller needs to see the investigation out until the end.
Oh so now you're onboard? After the fact? So, when will you finally meet with your constituents? We have a death care bill to discuss.
Agree with @WhatsPatUpTo. You have zero credibility after selling yourself out to Trump. Way to "take a stand" now. We will remember....
I just ask that you do the right thing.
where are you when it ever counts?
He's trying to jump off the sinking ship. Protect the power and money, the bus can hit the rest.
Too late  u backed the dufus Trump and supported his crazy nominations Look over ur shoulder ur next election @SenCasey
I wrote to you and called you as my senator. I'm a democrat. You know who wrote me back! John McCain.. not even from my state!! YOU ARE DONE
It is true, Pat Toomey! You have been a Trump puppet towing the party line until now. We will remember that you were loyal to Trump, not us!
Too late dude. PA remembers.
Your a tool sir..... i live in your state and I will make it my mission to GET YOU OUT OF THE SENATE!!!!
I'm a little confused by your "In the interim" comment. There is no interim, Mr Mueller will see this investigation to the end...
And let me further state that I will support whatever outcome he presents. But understand this, I will not support any Trump policies...
that does not fully represent the middle class and the residents of Pennsylvania. So be warned, your constituents are watching you carefully
Glad you eventually made it to the party to set up independent counsel. #SpecialCounsel #AboutTime
Nice statement - now let's see you be PROACTIVE in doing the right thing - maybe Trump's impeachment would be a place to start
Doesn't mueller work for the law firm the represents ivanka and her husband?
Oooh that makes me sad. I was feeling almost hopeful.
I wish Trump could move on with his promised agenda and stop being sidelined by Russia nonsense.
You still can't denounce what the president has done or admit that there is a problem. I have zero faith in you. Signed - a constituent
You can't just grow a spine, Pat. You either have one or you don't.
Did Vlad give you permission to speak on this? He'll still send your campaign rubles for 2022, right?
No help from you or rest of your party. You may have 5.5 yrs to sit comfy, but PA constituents will remember which side you chose.
Come out of hiding Pat! Face your voters! Talk off the cuff and speak honesty!
Too little, too late, @SenToomey . TODAY I  called your office and it was not your stance until after it happened.
Thank you.
You didn't support a special prosecutor until it happened. You have no integrity or credibility in the eyes of this PA voter.
For the record:
Do not give PA Republicans any credit. Before this, NONE of them came forward for a special prosecutor.
The "president" should not get to nominate anyone until investigation is done - if he is still in office and not jail.
Oh now you come out of hiding?  Your constituents have been looking for you? Were you in the bushes w Spicer or in the closet with Pence?
The Trumptanic is sinking, and you waited too long to grab a life boat.
isn't a very good lifeboat either. Still sounds to me like he is hedging his bets. No integrity or courage.
I thought the whole exercise was NOT to politicize the FBI? U put in Dem make big deal of party and piss off Repubs? Uh, no Joe Lieberman.
First Trump is going down and then you're going down in the next election. You're pathetic. We won't forget. Enjoy your last term.
Using the word i often, as the subject, psychologically can say much. As in, it's not all about you, or me. It's about WE. "Where are you?"
"In the interim" - Um, no.  Not in the interim.  This Special Counsel is here to stay until the end.
An independent investigation from Congress would provide a deeper look at Russia's involvement in this administration. We deserve the truth!
I'm sorry. Did you say something? My apologies..you are irrelevant. I listen to leaders these days.
FBI director's political position shouldn't be a defining characteristic(independent?)Dem?No way,DNC is rotting w/ corruption!
Why is it that you only have strong opinions about giving tax breaks to your wealthy benefactors? Have a townhall & we can discuss.
He's scared! What a coward.
Senator, you are part of the problem! Pa residents will remember your vote on the healthcare bill.  Also remember your loyalty to trump!
Better late than never. I hope you continue to stand-up at a Patriot and stay on course to do the right thing. #CountryOverParty
Leading from behind.... but at this point I'll take it
Go Katie @KatieMcGintyPA
grow a spine Mr Toomey. You and congress are rendering yourselves irrelevant by defending and doing whatever trump says and does.
opinion not fact.. as usual..
A little late to the dance?
Now you say something?
