You sponsoring dems on your site.
27 words? For $174,000 a year?

I am sure this just swayed people from joining/remaining in a hate group.
Senator please do something about this. Call out people by name who are tolerant of the corrupt ideology, do something
I pray you come up with some backbone so you will actually DO something about this: Funding for DHS/DOJ to fight white supremacist terror?
Are you willing to back your statement against the KKK and the Neo-Nazi's with censuring Trump? Twitter talk's cheap
The good people were the non group peacefully protesting, Trump denounced the evil racists groups and said the others were also violent..
If brain farts are giving you selective hearing, get a hearing aid
You forgot to mention the hate group that caused Most of the problem the liberal democrats.why did the mayor give both sides permits
Can we please #impeach the bigot-in-chief? Please. He's bankrupting us and stirring up HATRED.
This is insane --> Secret Service out of money to pay agents because of Trump's frequent travel, large family https://usat.ly/2xinDsM 
Day late and a dollar short as usual! See ya 11/8/22 Pat! #cantwait
You are wrong.  President Trump got it right the 1st time. BLM and Antifa went armed with intention of trouble. They share responsibility.
Why does the President have such a hard time saying the same thing?  You must stand up to him. Your actions speak louder than your words.
Irish catholic? I think not!
So I am watching the news,and they listed all the GOP that have called out DT directly. Hmmm, ur name was not on there. Not surprised.
Don't vote for Toomey. He supported all of Trumps decisions!
What a low bar: it took you & GOP too long to say nazis are bad. Do you think this is courageous? Weak & complicit. Call out racist Prez.
You have YET to speak against the biggest spewer of hate in this country;  That would be the #CyberBullyInChief
Hypocrisy at it's best.  But I  can vote in Pa.
Watched the press conference, you sir are misrepresenting what @POTUS @realDonaldTrump said. #WeThePeople are well aware of #FakeNews Shame!
AND???  You believe the statement from POTUS is horrible and you can't support this President.


Your words are useless unless you call out Trump by name
You and @GOP are complicit in all of this hate and violence by not standing up to tRump and his agenda of hate and violence.
Thank you for taking a stand against white supremacists, nazis, & white nationalists. Please take a stand against their enabler in chief.
This will be your last public office!
Why didn't Toomey condemn Trump's statements by name? And why is he allowing Bannon, Gorka, and Miller to remain in tax payer funded WH?
We can assume anyone not working towards his impeachment supports the Nazis and white supremacists
Caving to the Leftists game here, Senator. The goalpost will be moved for you, just as they moved it for Trump.
I agree. Constitution gives hate groups a right to their voice, but not to violence. They are moral degenerates.
Now condemn the actions of the #ANTIFA group & #BLM along with the other leftist communist at #Charlottesville funded by #Hillary & #Soros
Good statement but why did  you not call out Trump as the perpetrator of false equivalencies and support for neo-Nazis and KKK?
Show some leadership. Impeach trump. He has failed to keep his oath of office. We are tired of symbolic words  from you.
Where is your catholic outrage ? Where is your condemnation of trump's comments? We are talking about nazis!
Did you call out the President? Do you still respect him or support him? #wordsaremeaningless
#ActionsSpeakLouderThanWords #MyTipsForMentalHealth #DontKillPeople @bmsnews #clinicaltrialdeaths @freeanons #donttorture @Penn @yaleseas
How long before you agree to censure Trump?  What does he need to do?
You're a coward, can't even criticize @realDonaldTrump by name. It's a shame that you were just reelected.

Please stop supporting this president. Recognize and verbalize who he is and how unbalanced he is in his thinking. Please.
Good!  Now do something about our out of control, obviously unfit president!
Weak politicians will destroy the Republican Party!
Disappointed! All these people made a choice to be there! What did they think would happen!
Can this country make it illegal to display the Nazi flag?
Don't you think it's time to stand against Nazi sympathizers, especially when they include pres trump? How can you support such a buffoon
U knew the racism u helped into the White House - u're fine w/it as long as u benefit. Grow a spine and say his name you coward.
Thank you for speaking up!
Sir, our country has no room for incompetent treasonous Presidency either. Please be part of solution & stand up to utter craziness.
Friends of yours Pat. Suprised not to see your name.
Thank you @SenToomey.
YOU RECEIVED OVER $140,000 TO "LIFT OUT INTERNET PRIVACY"! YOU HAD NO PROBLEM DOING THAT! DO YOU NEED TO BE PAID TO SAY TRUMP?
That's a start but now is time for Trump to go - he is only making this worse & brings shame on US. Clearly not making us "great"!
Ok. And please also condemn the president that equivocates on Nazis.
Save Gettysburg! #savegettysburg. All Americans. http://www.civilwar.org  
4 CitznInput #Lunatics
Glad you responded, somewhat.  and what is your position on the white supremacists in the White House?
When will you condemn him directly and by name?
Yet you continue to support a race-baiting, hateful bigot as POTUS. Your words are as hollow as your head. Have you NO decency? #ToomeyOUT!
Call the president out by name please
Still a very bland reply. Stand up for America by standing up to Trump. What are you afraid of, bad tweets!
Fire the Nazis in the White House or your words mean nothing! #firebannon #firemiller #firegorka  is this what you want for your kids!
Not enough Senator Toomey. Trump needs to be removed!! Take Action!!
Weak statement. You and your fellow Republicans need to call out Trump by name.
Do you support @realDonaldTrump? What are you doing to stand against Nazis and protect American ideals?
Human Rights Campaign video: Trump is "unfit to serve." 
Very nice thoughts, but now it is time to ACT.  Start impeachment NOW.
These hate groups are a big part of your voter base. Actions will speak louder than words. What are you going to do about them?
That is not enough.
Do you know how to take a stand?  Its doing what's right because its RIGHT, not simply following your peers. Too little too late.
Too little and too late. What actions will you take to stand up to the pres? You're on the #Wrongsideofhistory
Anyone can say what you just said. Call President Trump out by name and say the same thing to him!! We Republicans need to have a backbone!
Nazi's bad but you must name the evil man  when condemning his http://words.You  want the haters votes so bad you can't even do that?
Impeach Trump. Work to fire Bannon and other white supremacists in the cabinet. Support this statement with direct action.
You are truly a coward.Trump must be named by you  when you condemn his words.He  must be called out by name sir if you want respect.
Great - don't you think you have a moral obligation to personally confront Trump with these words!  As you leave us victims of a mad man!
Not.Good.Enough.
No moral equivalency. Don't forget it. Now restore the voting rights act.
Then you will of course vote to censure the President's for his endorsement of hate groups.
#sayhisname
Trump has disbanded his council of CEOs, so that he can form a new council on Neo-Nazis, skinheads, kkk and other white racists Call him out
Get back to Washington and repeat your statement to the face of our racist POTUS, or will you leave your spine at home in PA?
a 27 word statement is all we have while the president doubles-down on his covert AND overt support for white supremacism #coward
I hope you can stand by these words and oppose trump's hate and lies. Country over party! #impeachTrump
President Trump was exactly right to call out Both Sides!I am so tired of violence! it doesnt matter what they look like they r Both Wrong
Do something about it.  Republicans are all talk when it comes to the ignorance and stupidity of the president.
Do something
Any man who will not reject Trump's inability to unreservedly condemn Nazis should remember WWII. Brave men died to rid the world of Nazis.
Did THe Incompetent Rino Establishment Give U @SenateGOP Written Statements 2Issue? So U Endorse #antifa #BLM Violence/Hate But Not KKK?
This is True, but, it is a dereliction of duty to not call out Donald Trump specifically for his inappropriate response to Charlottesville.
Not good enough. Publicly rebuke the President 4 his comments on Tuesday. That basically ripped a scab right off a lot of people's wounds.
Sen Toomey, you must call out Trump by name. And you must speak out against his planned rally in Arizona. He is insane!
Call out the president by name here. This response is insufficient.
@KeithRothfus & @SenToomey & @Gop by not speaking out specifically to denounce @POTUS @realDonaldTrump you are implicitly supporting racism.
Condemn #45. Your support for him speaks volumes. Constituents will remember that you stand with wt supremecists-is that what you want?
So you're supporting Antifa, a radical, violent, racist communist group of anti-semites who want to tear down our societies.

Good job.
You and your statements ! #coward
Way to be far ahead of the curve on this one Pat. You issued this two sentence statement Aug 16?
Reject evil--when it appears, not later. If you choose to continue to align with the most despicable president, we all lose. Jenkintown PA
Then senator impeach this President because he is clearly siding with the groups you claim to reject. Words are cheap, we need actions.
Senator Toomey,
Don't ignore violent Leftists simply b/c Alt-Right are despicable violent racists. #PAconstituent
HIDDEN CHARLOTTESVILLE: Antifa Concussed A Journalist And Then Lied About It On Facebook http://dld.bz/garUH 
Talk is cheap. What actions will you be taking?
Say his name Pat.  Say you don't support DJT actions.
You and Casey need to start the impeachment process.
How about listening to the American people. Don't drill in the Atlantic. https://www.nrdc.org/media/2016/161013-0 … polla show we don't want it.
Can you call out the President by name and say he is leading our country in the wrong direction on the topic of what happened in Virginia
Thank-you Senator. Could you also get together with @SenBobCasey and resolve the #whitehouseproblem ?
I'm done with statements. What are you going to do about it? #BlackLivesMatter
Our country has no room for a corrupt President who sets the tone for violent acts. Please protect this state + our country.
You voted for him, coward wouldn't say until poll closed, u represent ALL Pennsylvanians when a town hall in Philly 5th largest city in USA?
Are not denouncing President Trump's remarks directly due to the fact that we still have a KKK chapter in PA?  Please stop compromising.
Senator, U need 2 call out Pres. Trump since he supports actions of neo-Natlsts & White Supr. He needs 2B censored like Ud do if he was Dem.
Such a vague, spineless statement.  If I were a neo-Nazi, I would know you support the White Supremacy cause as you speak in the WS code.
Finally. Now do something positive on the environment.
How about a statement on the leader of your party
Taxing the middle class to pay for the wealthy, and refusing to speak face to face with your constituents is a morally bankrupt ideology.
You should also state that Trump  by name is wrong. Stand up for our Democracy, it is imploding  under this administration.
Please show courage & speak out against Trump's divisiveness. He is destroying our country & you refuse to denounce him.
You are nothing but Trumps puppet!  5 1/2 more years of you. God help us all!!
You forgot to call out the #Pariah @POTUS. How long will that take? @mcall
So does that mean you still support what 45 said, because I didn't see you call him out for his support of hatred and bigotry, just saying.
And, at the end of that ridiculous press conference, Trump plugs his wine. If he turns on you, it's a badge of honor.
What a well worded statement that only took you days to put out, you really are the most courageous and morally upstanding person I know.
Your statement on hate groups is insufficient. The #TheRealDonaldTrump is emboldening hate groups. Call out #potus45. Stiffen your spine.
Does that mean you will stop kowtowing to Trump? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Where you see wrong or inequality or injustice, speak out, because this is your country. This is your democracy... (Thurgood Marshall)
Why is it so difficult to criticize Trump and hold him personally responsible for his deplorable actions? He can not lead this nation.
This response is wholly insufficient. Denounce @realDonaldTrump  and the white supremacist members of his cabinet.
You will be voted out.  You cannot hide behind your cowardly words and inaction.
For an official in your position that is simply not enough. You need to demonstrate leadership, call out the president by name for his words
Anything less is simply you saving your own skin, politically speaking. Now is a time for those of character to step up & be crystal clear.
I'm sorry, I missed the part where you condemned the President specifically for fostering this environment. #Disgraceful
If you think those riots are bad, wait until you take away medical coverage from millions!
Then condemn Trump or forever be linked with this shitstorm!
You need to call out the @POTUS by name. You need to be bold & clear. Make no mistake, the Nazis are celebrating tonight. #DoYourJob
When will you stand up to potus?
Shut up with these twitter statements & come out to talk to the people in Pa! Condemn this man or #gtfo
https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/897479608492331008 …
Nazi women hater! @SenToomey #Trump #GOP #sentoomey #pos #Nazi
Really? It took you 5 days?
All replies are asking for more except one & it's from some Jag-off who actually works for Breitbart.So what is that telling you? Cowboy-up!
No hate here right?
Leftist: "2050, white peoples gonna be minority. All of your babies are going to be brown & black!" #TrumpTower

…
Nice start, but not enough. Censure or Impeach Trump now.
What are you going to do about it? Please push for Censure.
Now denounce the man who said there's an equivalency!Say his name in a statement!Say you denounce his actions this week!Say TRUMP was wrong!
Denounce tRump. Work to impeach!
Words are cheap, especially if you won't call out a racist by name. Invoke the 25th Amendment, maybe we'll take you seriously. Time to act
Well well well the Koch brothers finally permitted you to speak #CowardToomey #KochSucker
Dept of Ed, EPA, Justice Dept, Housing&Urban Dev Dept of Labor all dismantling civil rights protections. YOU voted these cabinet members in.
U R supporting their agenda, disgusted by white supremacy when it's photo op.shame U don't recognize its more subtle forms&work against that
You need to:
A) Write legislation to ban these groups 
B) Publicly start asking serious questions about this administration 
-a constituent
This constituent wants to know: how do u plan to #EndWhiteSupremacy rampant in #GOP and all american institutions? We demand better of you.
Screw these NAZIS,The REAL American people demand our Historic Monuments be replaced.The only Man with balls in DC is #trump @foxandfriends
Unless one is actually a neo-Nazi, bigot or white supremacist, you are against them. That is a given. Call out your President!
I just don't understand why Republicans can't stand tall, hold their heads up high and do the right thing.
Not enough.
Empty words from an empty man. You will be remembered as an enabler of fascism & a Nazi sympathizer. Prove me wrong & actually DO something.
#SayHisName    Call out our openly racist president.  Don't be afraid of him tweeting at you.
About time! Thanks
Thank you for addressing this clearly and directly

How long did it take you to come up with this Senator? #weasel
Why did this take you four days? Grow a spine
call the troll by their name: DONALD TRUMP. STEVE BANNON.
President Trump is the only adult in the GOP
you need to call trump out my name. you need to condemn what he stands for. you need to represent me!  i vote. every time. and i'm watching!
but you are too pathetic to call Trump out?

Another desperate ploy against POTUS. Stand with him and your GOP constituents. We elected BOTH of you.
Demand neo-nazis like Bannon, Gorka and Miller be fired immediately. Show some courage. Show some back bone.
So weird that you don't call out @realDonaldTrump in this.  Don't want him to know, eh?
Good words Senator now you need to call for the censure of the president defending the very people you are condemning here. You are correct
Too late
If you support the President and he supports domestic terrorists then you are supporting domestic terrorists
I like how you hide your sentiments by tweeting pictures of words.
You. Are. Fake. #fakesenator
You have revealed yourself with this statement. History will remember those who failed to call out the President by name. So will PA voters
Your response is among the most patheti.
Party puppet Pat- you are consistent- where is you moral compass and integrity
Too late white man. Plus, the subject of your last sentence is ambiguous. You abet Nazis. #ToomeyAbetsNazis
The least you could do is equate this to the president by name
Actions speak louder than words. Condemn the corrupt, morally bankrupt Trump too
The question remains @SenToomey what do you plan to do about our country having "no room for current ideology"??
Too little too late, and you didn't state 45 is wrong.
Thank you, Senator.  Would you support a censure of the President for defending white supremacists?
Way to get out in front of it!
If you do not denounce this president, you will not ever win an election in PA
#callhimoutbyname
