I trust that you will not approve a budget that makes your constituents pay for a wall that will benefit only contractors and not workers.
Also, there can be no fair tax reform until Trump exposes his tax records and his financial ties to foreign governments.
Tax cuts for Trump and the mega-rich...first to the trough...Pat, do you care at all about middle class PA? trickle down doesn't work..SHAME
Amen More jobs more revenues Go work Senator Toomey!  Keep the faith
As your constituent, I pray that you will not vote to abolish the EPA.
"ITS NOT LIKE I KNEW IT WAS GOING TO HAPPEN!!"
"IT DIDNT MATTER IF YOU DID OR NOT! YOU SHOULD NOT SAY THINGS LIKE THAT."
Does not have to be revenue neutral ? Why corporation is first before low middle income get tax break Wait for next election
Did we learn nothing from the Bush era? Seems the GOP has a familiar formula: cut taxes for wealthy, spend more money on war...unbelievable!
So trying to talk out of both sides of ur mouth u can't help the rich without hurting the middle class TELL the TRUTH
when is your next town hall meeting
You're literally the only person to look forward to anything 45 does.  #wishyouwereasexcitedtohearwhatyourconstituentsthink
Are you f*&%ing serious???  You SERIOUSLY uttered "Trump' and "tax" in the same sentence???   When we #firethefool, we will include you.
sooooo, running up a deficit is no biggie, just as long as we're not doing it to feed, educate, provide medical care, or support the arts.
Would you also like to view @POTUS tax return?
I hope you protect the majority not top 5% no funds for wall waste of money health care instead
Yes! Because YOU WILL BENEFIT 
#townhalliswaiting
#emptysuit
Not revenue neutral?  What happened to the GOP allegedly being conservative?
How about more of a look-see into Russia and Flynn. The White House is awful quiet about him... curious.
I encourage Senators Casey and Toomey to promote the investigation of the Trump-Russia Connection and Director Comey's role in it.
Wait, so if a Republican proposes it, it's DOESN'T have to be revenue neutral?But if a Dem proposes it DOES?I'm confused.Pls explain.
Now that you've seen it, please do not support it. The majority PA residents cannot afford this plan. It will cause more economic woes.
Sure you and all you big business folks are looking forward to sticking it to the less fortunate.
Well if I were getting the tax breaks you expect, I'd be excited too. #Resist
how do you sleep at night?
Toomey has no conscience.  That creature sleeps just fine.
let's flash mob next town hall meeting
I'd be up for that but he doesn't do town halls
Agree, shouldn't be neutral: should benefit ordinary people not corporations and fat cats.& certainly not the Trump family!
I support genuine tax reform. That emphatically doesn't mean measures to redistribute from poor and middle income to the top 0.1 percent.
Real reform doesn't trickle down from Fortune 500 tax cuts!  Check your economic history.
As long as you get yours right. Because none of your constituents actually exist.
Where are his tax returns?  He will profit from any tax code overhaul! Or are you too damn stupid to realize this??
Funny how GOP was constantly bashing our heads about deficit and all. How can you be ok with taking healthcare away bc gov spending
I think 13 Trillion dollars is worth being bashed about. The arrogance of Obamacare caused the crises and we are not competitive on corp tax
I look forward to you actually listening to your constituents for a change.
Of course, it keeps your pockets padded, and keeps those big campaign donations coming. #asshat
As one of YOUR constituents I am requesting that you reject the health-care proposal being presented. Not good enough 4 Congress not 4citzen
Your constituents want an independent investigation into Russian influence. If Trump team is clean, YOU should want this too! Do right.
Bite me, liar!!
Hey @SenToomey this is social media, not Pat's Megaphone media.  Have one of your staff answer these solid questions.  Or...town hall?
Do you disagree with him on anything?
GOP mantra is that something, like the deficit, is soooooo important ----- until it's not.
Maybe the Russians did rig the voting machines in PA. That's how you and Trump won the state #russiainvestigation #taxthewealthy
No cuts for the wealthy.....they have gained enough in the last 40 years as the middle-class has been drowning.
@SenToomey lower all Corp. taxes to 15% no loopholes. Raise tax only all top 1 %. No 15% hedge fund, at least 25%. No write offs over 100000
Rich guys could care less about deficits
you are a thief and crook it will all come out eventually.  #onthetaketoomey
Why be revenue neutral when you can give huge tax breaks to the wealthy that donate to you?
Why doesn't your phone for the DC office work? I keep trying; it doesn't ring. How can constituents communicate with you when you are in DC?
Resign.
absolutely pathetic that reform needed to be revenue neutral when we had a Democrat in the white house and now you simply don't care.
Will Real Estate deductions that benefit @POTUS be axed? Or does he keep his loopholes
I don't! He's looking to tax our 401ks to fund his stupid wall! We saved for a lifetime to retire with dignity. You're not taking that away!
#NoCorporateTaxCuts #NoEPARollbacks #NoToYou #ShameOnYou #WeThePeople #Coward#Toomey
Why? You think it will be better than the usual idiocy?
For tRump supporters "doesn’t need to be revenue neutral" means your taxes will go up to cut taxes on corporations and top 1% takers!
No tax reform until we see Trump's returns.
You are  clown just like the one in the Oval Office
You didn't feel that way during the Obama administration!! The phony outrage about the deficit ? NOW yu guys will increase it, to help rich.
Town hall.
Now you look for wiggle room, so your rich friends can get richer! Hypocritical reversal!
As long as the tax reform helps your rich friends, you'll support it. The rest of us? Well...it's clear you don't care. cc:@RecallPatToomey
Tax reform, corporate welfare on the back of working women and men.
Right, deficits only matter when a Democrat is president.
Historically the most financially solvent time in our history was during the 50s when the corporate tax was 90%. Think about it.
I look forward to your next town hall.. oh wait, that's our other Senator @SenBobCasey You have proven yourself to be yet another puppet.
seems like you agree with whatever DJT tells you to,
Will you support it if it raises the deficit?
Great!  Should we plan a townhall to discuss this with constituents or do you only care how it affects you and your swamp friends? #twt
You just plain suck.
As one of your constituents, I can say you are an utterly predictable disappointment.
Stop working for the billionaire 1% and remember who voted you in!
Paying for the wall is NOT what your constituents signed up for! Lies!
Of course you would agree.Your campaigns are funded by BIG money. Why would toomey ever care about his constituents? WE WILL REMEMBER & VOTE
Trickle down economics doesn't work!!!! It's been proven again & again
Why don't you quit you trump lapdog? When are you going to meet with us in person? You're running out of wormholes to hide in
Cosigning the tangerine monsters agenda no matter how much it hurts the working middle class
Deficits only matter when there's a Democrat in the White House.
Keep hugging the president, Senator. 100% score!
Please don't cut taxes for the rich and corporations, depriving your constituents of crucial services!
I look forward to you not being in office
Keep feeding the rich and taking away from the working class people. #lastterm #impeachtrump #russiagate
Giving to the rich and stealing from the poor. #reverserobinhood
Do you believe that will improve the lives of constituents? I'd love to see concrete evidence that everyday Pennsylvanians will benefit.
A big tax cut for rich and increased budget deficit. Isn't @gop a party of balanced budgets? I guess that's only when Democrat is in the WH.
Pander to the Pres but not your base. Tax cuts for corporations REALLY helps the people. I don't know how you sleep at night.
we demand trump's tax return. NOW. Work for your people and stop sucking up to trump.
Not being revenue neutral will mean HIGHER taxes for the working class.  You don't think we believe that Feds will take a cut do you?
You are a joke.
You are a horrible representative of my state.
Maybe for once you will vote for what's best for our constituents and not be a party hack, I know, I can dream!
yeah no problem passing the deficit to our children for some good old coporate welfare huh?
Drip, Drip, Drip trickle down Eco 101. It won't work & middle America will punish everyone at the ballot box #UnitedWeStand @realDonaldTrump
Like either of you two give a rat's ass about anything but the money you generate for yourselves.  Shame on both of you.
I look forward to you actually governing. Also want to see POTUS's tax returns first.
What are you doing to get Trump taxes released What are you doing to get an independent investigation of Trump/Russia collusion investigated
You must be joking.  Do you really believe @realDonaldTrump knows anything about taxes other than how to avoid paying them?  You're a joke.
Showing once again that "deficit hawk" is only true when it helps you deny benefits to poor.
No Trump tax reform proposal should go anywhere until we see his tax returns
When will you demand Trumps tax returns & independent committee to investigate Russia ties since Congress is stalled on doing their job!!!
Translation: "deficits are good when they enrich the rich -- my kind of people. No data to support, just my biased opinion."
I look forward to your loss at reelection time. Maybe we can get someone who values public appearances.  You sir are like an elusive emu.
Not surprised, Senator. You only care about deficits when a Democrat is president.
@GOP  Pat Toomey is stuck in neutral
What about the national debt?
I look forward to a real criminal investigation of russian interference by an independent body
If you block the paid DNC trolls they can't see your tweets... works great! 
Thank you Pat.. Please block these paid DNC operatives litering your feed with their nonsense.
Oh hi! Could you point out which of the tweets are from paid DNC operatives, please? This is of interest to me.
Anyone who needs to put "real" in their name for sure is "FAKE". Just like everything dems do...
Thanks. I've been wondering all this time if I'm real. It turns out I'm not! Do you know when I should expect my check from the DNC, is it?
Anyone following Toomey can easily see your a giant fake... 
I follow Toomey! So I should be able to see that I'm a giant fake! I'll work on my skills of fake-identification.
Thanks for the tips.
how did you squeak by with a win in November. #shameful - can u do ANYTHING that actually Helps people?
Of course you are, it will benefit corporations & hurt  constituents. How about you help the poor and working class instead? #realPA
So fiscal conservatism is just important if you are taxing middle class? Tax breaks for 1% on our backs is a-ok? Can't wt to vote u out!
DO THE VOTERS have any say in it? Town hall meetings?
I would expect you to see it FIRST before you rubberstamp it.
Another Rubberstamp?
Toomey can be counted on as a straight party vote, no matter what's being voted on. #WasteofaSenateseat America be damned.
You suck
Check in - face to face with constituents in a town hall to see how we feel about that.
You're such a toadie, Senator.
Corporate tax rate of 15%?  When they already pay their wizard accountants for every loophole in the book?
You are a bad joke and a shill. Sux that we pay your salary but can't fire you.  Worst POTUS ever and u are complicit to his crimes.
His tax proposal, like all his proposals will only benefit those at the top. Maybe try working for us!! #sycophant #DoYourJob
I would look more forward to his tax returns. Please stop looking the other way. Do your job!
So Republicans for fiscal responsibility is a lie? I also want #TrumpTaxReturns to see how HE benefits
Let's blow a hole in the deficit!
Let's see his taxes first. If you held a town hall you'd know enabling a potential Russian puppet is wrong.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?
Listen as puppets go you still have a way to go.
It's good to look forward to things... such as 45's leaving office. His ouster & real tax reform equally unlikely to happen soon enough.
meet the people face to face and represent us not #DonTheCon #doyourjob #dumptrump
So much for "Republican Responsibility"....
#altfacts  close loopholes jacka**
This sounds like double speak that now R's think running up deficit is fine.  More hypocrisy.
Is it hard for you to walk and blink at the same time?
So u want to line the pockets of the rich who owns u
So it is ok if Republicans increase the deficit?
Don't put anything out that hasn't been well researched. Don't put out anything that is inflammatory towards a specific group of people.
That makes sense. Y'all only worry about the debt when a Democrat is president.
This is true proof that "fiscal responsibility" is no longer a Republican party platform - instead it's tax breaks for the rich
I look forward to the truth about #Trumprussia. #worstcircusever
Revenue neutral us only important when you want to sabotage the economy when a Dem is president.  You are dispicable.
Do something to serve your constituents for once.
please demand Trump's taxes before any reform. We need to know how he would benefit.
The deficit never mattered, did it? All those years. All that fighting against stimulus which did nothing but slow recovery. #craven
Toomey are you reading these? Not one supporter! Get a clue! Polish that resume, you're out!
I look forward to seeing you at a town hall meeting whenever you're next in PA. How about on a weekend so all us working stiffs can go?
Does he tell you what to write here? (Note: in that case, check grammar)
I think you are growing a line on your forehead for every pro trump comment you make....that @BetsyDeVos  money is showing
Whatever it is, no matter how bad for poor and middle class, I'm certain you will support it. I just can't figure if you don't know, or care
He's a Republican. Cult of Me and my rich Buddies
We're still waiting on his tax RETURNS. 

If your plan is to give top earners a break, you still need @RBReich to teach you something.
NO MORE TRICKLE DOWN TAX BREAKS FOR WEALTHY! Doesn't work,  never worked.Look at Kansas. Then at California. #notaxbreaksfor1%
@SenToomey You should be ashamed of yourself, sir.
I look forward to see @POTUS tax returns.  Please work for your constituents to make that happen
This guy is sick.
Demand that Trump release his tax returns. If you won't, you're part of the swamp.
Which Pennsylvanians do you work for?  Are the koch brothers from Pennsylvania?  Hey make sure you cut their taxes.  I'm good...
Trickle down economics didn't work in the 80s. Why would it work now?
Human rights includes Body Freedom. When do Naturists get EQUALITY? Legalize Body Freedom #naturistsociety #nudelife http://ow.ly/W7Is30aVkVs 
Tax break for yourself, of course you agree. You clearly don't work for the people you represent
Pat "Party Over Country" Toomey folks...completely blind to his constituents due to the massive amount of "donations" he's receiving.
Will this be like his immigration ban and new jobs claims? The man can't successfully negotiate a ham sandwich from the kitchen Pat.
Tax reform for middle class or leave it be. Trickle down is garbage. Fight against it for working Pennsylvanians. People over party, sir.
I missed that at your TOWN HALL ... oh right, you avoid your constituents at every turn .. tell @realDonaldTrump  to release his TAXES!!!
And I look forward to your actually representing constituent wishes with a legitimate call for a #trumprussia investigation. 19047
Excuse me? Certainly a change of tune from anything related to Obama's budgets.
"Doesn't need to be revenue neutral?". What the hell are you talking about?  Are implying an increase to the deficit is acceptable??
You will be one that it will help because your #RICH.  Again the middle class gets screwed and the rich laugh all the way to the bank.
Uh huh. If a democrat proposed that, like bombing Syria, you'd change your tune. GOP hypocrisy. party over country. Shame.
I wish you were a better man.
so corporations will pay, what, 50% less in taxes? Really? How does that help anyone?
Umm... didn't you get elected on a revenue neutral platform?
The POTUS has some nerve making tax decisions that affects the American people.
No TAX ANYTHING UNTIL #TrumpTaxReturns and #Trumprussia investigation
Fund the investigation like it was the border wall
Oh look who poked his head out of hiding....
you're right, it should RAISE revenue from your wealthy sponsors to pay for health care and deficit
16509 here. Heard u have a meeting at the WH Wednesday to discuss NK. NO WARS WITH NORTH KOREA OR YOU WILL BE OUT OF A JOB 4 SURE. 
