And how do we build the wall?
When u cut taxes for the top, the only thing that increases for the bottom is wage disparity. #WeSeeYou #Coward #Sycophant
Pro growth = tax cut for billionaires.
How about living wages, affordable healthcare, higher education costs, immigration reform, many more important issues in this country!
anogher GOP hand out to shareholders and investors isn't going to grow jobs at all. Failed tax policies screwing the middle class.
“This Congress made a promise to American voters to stop taxpayer funding for the largest abortion chain in the nation, Planned Parenthood,”
You mean tax cuts for the rich. Let's discuss in person at a Philly open town hall w/ no invites and no questions submitted 2 you in advance
While he is doing Philly he could catch a flight/train/bus to Pittsburgh to hold one also!
That sounds like a plan!
Show us how tax cuts will pay off the $19 trillion debt.
Let me guess.  Tax cuts for the wealthiest, cutting benefits for the working poor, slashing corporate taxes.  Did I miss anything?
Whenever you and the GOP talk tax reform, I start wondering whether I'm going to have to give up cable or my cellphone.
Revenue equals expenses. That is the equation for a balanced budget. In case you forgot, Senator
It doesn't help workers. It's a gift to the corps without any strings attached. Add that to all the de-regs & buisnesses have carte blance.
Pay for Afghanistan war?
Please remember the working class families you represent.
Progrowth tax reform would be higher taxes on the wealthy, big-time estate tax, plowing all back into infrastructure and clean energy!
We all know ur going to change ur tune eventually y not now? Y wait till 2021 when ur near reelection? Be decent. Have shame
If this is bipartisan then I'll support it. If it's not then no way am I going to allow you to give tax breaks for the wealthy.
Rebuild Irmas mess?
Pay interest on national debt?
Gonna vote your ads right out of office..have a nice meal
Ominously hope
Lickspittle gov’t still my game
Face getting oranger
@SenToomey
What's happening with healthcare, Pat?  No companies in PA next year...stilll...for ACA users #taxreform
Stop your damn lies. All you want to do is give the rich a tax break. You don't give a sh!t about the rest of us.
NO to trickle down economics! How can we afford tax cuts if we have to raise the debt ceiling?
Tax reform, .my ass!! Making the rich, richer.
Optimistic that 2018 makes your kind irrelevant!
The republiklan wealth cut is never going to happen, it will fail just like #toomeycare did. U will achieve nothing w this racist traitor
#SaveACA
Can we impeach him for not doing his job for his constituents?
We've seen this before, in the Reagan and Bush eras. It failed miserably both times.  A bad idea that just won't go away.
Believe it when I see it. You tend to work towards gifting anyone but the people. Try again.
Quit!
What happened to the fiscally responsible idea of a balance budget?
Your tax proposals will sink the economy when more. Calling tax cuts for the wealthy, tax reform makes you as big a liar as Trump.
Have an open house on Toomey Tuesday in Pittsburgh.Allow us to ask you our questions. Do your job.
You mean tax cut for the wealthy?  When will your party give up on the myth of "Trickle Down Economics"?  It only trickles down to *you*.
One and done Pat!
Whatev.

Just gonna put this out there, your idea of tax reform is the pits. 
You mean tax cuts for you and your cronies
More like pro-growth for your own wallet.
You never meet with us, how could you possibly know.
You must be special to be invited to the dinner with POTUS and Dem senators. I'm sure you'll tell T what your constituents think, oh wait...
Pro-growth is code for give business a tax break at the expense of workers.
30+ years of trickle down economics don't work. Has caused shrinking of the middle class. Middle class needs help. Do your job and help.
Pro-growth = big tax breaks for businesses and the wealthy while the working class waits for the trickle down.
You need to resign. You are still a supporter of Nazi KKK sympathizer and his Nazi KKK policies.
Check out how much Pat gets from the people who will get the tax cuts.. Now it is his turn to scratch their backs.
Please read comments here, sir. No one is buying what you're selling. We love PA & this country. Want EVERYONE to thrive.
#LOLPatToomey
We tried trickle down. Didn't work. Please move on to something that benefits all of us--not just the wealthy. Thank you.
Sounds great! Do you have a #TaxReform plan that does this? The current one page POS offers nothing to help bottom 90%. Gives 2/3 to top 1%
I'm skeptical.  I think you mean pro-growth for the 1% and crumbs for us little people.
Reducing the Taxes on CEOs and 1% hasn't helped the worker since 1978- Quit lying for the Koch Brothers, it gets old fast.
Oh senator, still calling it tax "reform"? We all know it's the enormous tax cuts your billionaire donors are paying you to push.
#theCowardToomey forgets that trickle down is a bust. If only he'd asked his constituents instead of his masters
Oh please. Be honest, you want tax cuts for the rich & want to screw the middle class & poor.
Tax reform? Be clear. You mean tax cuts for your sugar daddies, the objects of your bromance, the Koch Bros. no thanks, America will pass
Pat, this video doesn't even play on mobile. What kind of bunk ass program is Bloomberg running?
Sure big oil and pharm need tax breaks so they can give your "campaign " more "donations". Lol, you're a shill!
I'm pessimistic about #TaxCutsfortheRich ammirite?!
You are delusional. The longer you hide from us, the worse we will make it for you and your staff.
Hey #ToomeyTheTool, trickle down economics doesn't work, remember?
Seems Patty's memory is as long as his dic.... I mean nose. Thinks we suffer the malady.
