Hope he has better health care than this Better Care you are trying to sell the American people. Vote NO on this GOP bill.
Thoughts and prayers won't pay the bills, Pat.  By "pulling for you", do you mean pulling coverage? Think before you vote to destroy HC!
Pictures for your dedicated followers who are too Stoopid to understand how you are going to screw them over and just stroke your ego
I think this was @SenToomey's first draft:
Cancer patients need ins. with no lifetime limits & no higher costs for those with pre-ex conds. Otherwise they cant get treatment.
#19015
Thoughts & prayers are nice; 
Peace of mind through good insurance, paid time off work, & excellent local providers = essential to survival.
Christian prayers are nice, but living Christian values by caring for the sick, poor, vulnerable is more critical/important. Walk the talk.
See why people need good health insurance? Don't"pull" for him. Make sure everyone fighting this battle can count on you to help not hurt.
What happens when cancer patients DIE because they can't get insurance??
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
Don't forget to tell him you're sending virtual hugs. Then go on TV to push a bill that penalizes patients with pre-existing conditions.
I sure hope he doesn't lose his healthcare - now that he has a pretty-existing condition.
Thoughts and prayers are all people will have with AHCA.  Would ask you to vote 'no', but know you care nothing for 700k PA residents.
I wonder if he is in danger of losing his healthcare like I am with this disastrous bill, #BCRA.
You mean by cutting healthcare don't worry sir lots more will die. But your pals will get a tax break
Never forget
Tell me under Trumpcare will this be a prior condition and he would not be eligible for healthcare care? Will we just send prayers? And pull
I hope he has insurance. You don't seem to care about the most vulnerable in PA.
Prayers for Mike.  Prayers for his health care.  Shame on you Toomey
You know what helps people fight cancer? Healthcare.
Don't worry Toomey's pulling for you. Not sure what he is pulling, the guys leg? Pull some healthcare to help people like this poor fellow
hope he doesn't ever need Medicaid, he won't get it from you!

He's got universal healthcare just like you have with our tax dollars, and Israel has with our free money. Stop perpetrating a fraud.
especially since he now has a pre-existing condition. Too bad your bill is going to do concrete damage. Your wishes are worthless
And yet you'd uninsure 700k Pennsylvanians.
Toomey will send prayers and pull for you 
 What ever the fuck "Pull for you means" This man needs healthcare #Period Do you understand ???
Is "thoughts and prayers" the new name of your shitty health care plan?
He'll pray for them too... pray they can beat cancer without access to treatment.
Pray Toomey change his shitty work on healthcare (w/the other 12men) and allows everyone access to healthcare w/o a $6,000 deduction/year
