A little more than two hours 19 minutes notice would have been polite. When did you tell your campaign donors?
why won't you meet with your constituents face to face?
COWARD! You should have never been voted back in!
.@SenToomey @CBSPhilly What evidence are you going to produce to back up your claim that outside forces are organizing to block your phones?
please get me out of AT&T contract. Income too low
what a farce 15 minutes no follow up questions just rehashed Koch bros talking points #onthetaketoomey
Oh, but make sure barely anyone knows about it until it's too late--'cause that's how you roll. #toomeysacoward #realPA
just remember we reelected you as a Republican, not a RINO. Support @realDonaldTrump
Why deny that human activity contributes to climate change and why roll back life-saving clean air protections?
Do you represent the Koch brothers or Pennsylvanians??
When will you start listening to your constituents and not your big $ corporate donors?
A few questions. So shallow. You represent us, not your own personal interests. Or do you?
not impressed. Hold a real town hall. #DoYourJob
what have you done about 3mil illegal votes in Nov election? Or was the president lying? Please inform us.
pre screened bullshit
,  Senator you are not addressing your constituents concerns, AT ALL!  WE WANT A TOWN HALL MEETING!
.@SenToomey @CBSPhilly Is this thing happening?  I have a blank screen on CBS.
what...A hit and run?
how about a town hall in PA???
support planned parenthood! Stop Repeal!
Did Toomey have any constituents arrested?
Ever think your constituents have jobs and might need more advance notice than this?
answer questions: like when are you going to imoeach Trump?
15 minutes? Thats it?! What the hell Tooms
Tried mult browsers & disabled extensions. Still could not get livestream 2 work. No substitute for a real townhall.
Where can constituents post questions?
the newest travel ban is as dumb as the last one. We can't just drop out from the world, surely you must know that!
TOWN HALL!! 18974
Hope you are asked how you will protect access to and affordability of good health care. Please answer + be specific
See you on FB! I'll be the one who looks like this  До скорого! (See you soon! )
Do you approve of Steve Bannon's 'deconstruction of the government'. I didn't vote for that
You do know @CBSPhilly is smack in the middle of the dreaded Philadelphia, right?
are you aware how afraid people are of President conspiracy theory?
Too bad you couldn't have answered questions re: DeVos. I know enough how to vote when ur up for reelection
Did 'market forces' take good care of people before the ACA as you wrote in the Philly Inquirer?
hey you do know 90% of people will be in work at this time and won't be able to watch right??? Or do you just not care
We need an independent prosecutor to get to the bottom of all the Russia connections
Again, say it to my face!,,,
So, why is a good idea to watch 6 hours of TV per day, and believe Breitbart news is Real news? Reporter V Talk host
How about explaining why you are stealing healthcare from your constituents while lining the pockets of your donors?
So, why is it a good idea to gag support to non profits who ADVISE on abortions? Global Birthirism? #cantgetinUSA
Sessions lied under oath, has ties 2 DT & racist history. Unfit 2 be AG. Demand his resignation. We need honorable objective AG.
So, why is a good idea to cut aide to foreign governments when it is less than 1% of the total budget? Upset world?
So, why is it a good idea for Fossil Fuel Corporations to take BRIBES from foreign government?
have a town hall already!!!!!
So, why is it a good idea for Coal Companies to dump their waste in rivers & streams?
So,why it is a good idea for people who don't have the capacity to write their own checks should be free to buy guns
Trumpiters bus off the deep end and needs to be removed via Article 25
I get why ur dodging ur constituents with ur landslide mandate victory. Clearly the state overwhelmingly supports u?
Why won't you come face to face with your constituents?  Then tell us that you will take a few questions. Cowardly!
USA is in grave danger. Need indep special prosecutor 4 DT/Russia & DT's taxes 2 clarify ties 2 Russ & others. Stand up 4 us!
Insufficient. #TimidPatToomey
how about a live town hall pat we really want to talk to you!please tell us what you'll do about potus accusations?
Social Media is not a replacement for facade to face townhalls.  What are you afraid of? We'll see if you answer this
Where is your courage? When will you schedule a town hall? When will you denounce the insanity of Trump's tweets?
I plan on tuning in. I hope 2 hear when you'll be planning to hold a townhall in the Philly area.
Will you be calling for an fully independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia?
Hopefully you'll find time for a live town hall.
Here's a question:  When are you going to do something about President Trump's ties to Russia?
a cowardly act..MEET LIVE WITH YOUR CONSTITUTES!  #cowardToomey
Come on @SenToomey, all your colleagues are doing it, why aren't you having a Town Hall? Scared?  @CBSPhilly
Why doesn't your office know your schedule? pretty sloppy if you ask me.
another chance to spew hatred and lies like your mentor @realDonaldTrump.  We can see and hear you #YourLastTerm
Are you going down with the ship?
There are whole groups organized solely to get you to listen to people of PA. This PR stunt is too little, too late
You and GOP must decide if you will remain loyal to Trump lunacy or take a stance for the principles of this nation. No inbetween
Oh good I'll pop. 1st Q: Do u believe that Obama illegally wiretapped Trump? 2nd Q: Are u familiar w/ 25th Amendment?
why do you not meet directly with your constituents?
2-hours notice? Seriously? But you do know that Philly exists?!! Then host a Town Hall in Philly!!
tryna have a town hall? I'll host it at my place in Berks co. if you'd like.
How do you sleep at night?
WHY ARE YOU AFRAID OF TOWN HALLS? #constituent
Hey Senator, when is the town hall? Always hiding, remember you work for US
How about a town hall? Peering up at you in the ivory tower strains my neck.
your first statement should be your town hall schedule.
