How about a meeting with the adults who vote in PA? Hello? Pat? Paddy? #WhereIsPat #NoMoreToomey
You need tho call for an independent investigation of the treasonous WH. Otherwise you are as guilty as they are
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!
This is your opportunity to choose whether you will go down in history as a sell-out or a hero. Choose.
Prime example of why I've been asking myself since Nov 8, "What the fuck ever happened to Pennsylvania? Have they been drinking toad juice?"
This is just adorable, Mr. Toomey. But I don't want an adorable Senator, I want one who will tell me where he stands on Trump firing Comey.
Toomey Offices:
202 224-4254
814 266-5973
412 803-3501
570 820-4088
215 241-1090
717 782-3951
814 453-3010
610 434-1444
Whistling past the graveyard. Do you really think that's going to work?  When is your town hall meeting?
Your office states you will hold Town Halls in August.  Really?????  Sorry - not good enough ...
We are interested in the stand you'll take to defend democracy & separation of powers. NOT PR. How 'bout it, Senator?
Please make our healthcare better..over 55..GE plant closed...diabetic..save medicaid...no state can opt out..punishes poorer states!
I see you are on McConnell's all male group of GOP senators working on healthcare.  Are you brave enough to stand up for a just system?
Statements from Senators across the country on both sides of the aisle about Comey. @SenToomey tweeting PR pieces. Take a stand, Senator.
be in right side of history! Special prosecutor! If nothing to hide, why not?
Why won't you answer calls from your constituents? We need an independent procecutor. Wise up NOW! #CountryOverParty
GET SPECIAL PROSECUTOR !! Constitution bring shredded
HEY!! does hump know you went against the REPUBLICAN travel ban UUUU support by having "dem dar peoples" in the picture ?
Lily-livered rubber stamp for Donnie. That's all you are. SHAME ON YOU @SenToomey
What did Putin find in your emails that have you so scared that you won't even mention the constitutional crisis the US is going through?
The @GOP is not the party it was years ago, it has gone pure evil
Your constituents would like your statement on Comey's firing. Unless, once again, you're putting party over country #trumprussia
He's always put party over country
Get away from them, your type of politics might be contagious
Looks like you have time for a town hall!!
demand an independent prosecutor for the Russia investigation now.  Your constituents are screaming and you are deaf.
Your silence speaks volumes!
traitor!
Can you EVER deal with what's going on? What is your stance on an Independent investigation? Not that we don't already know by your hiding.
Sooo, quiet week in DC, Senator?
Grow a pair and stand up for this country, not your party.
We will remember who stood up for democracy and who looked away in times of crisis.
And how about you clear your voicemail. Complete disappointment and Trump puppet. Stand up for your country instead of your party
Party of patriots? Never a better time to be one! You barely won and yet you continue to ignore your constituents.
Stop ignoring us!
You have that lobbying job all sewn up don't you, Pat? Who cares if your party and your POTUS are destroying the country
Time for the independent investigation into Russia tampering with our democracy
Did you let them know that in a few years they will be considered a pre-existing condition?
Constitutional Crisis? Nothing to see here folks move along
Day after firing COMEY
Where's your call for an independent investigation?
Thank you for posting this while silent on Trump threatening Democracy as we knew it.
Stop "going thru the motions" of work right now. The US is in crisis! We need for u to push for a Soecial Prosecutor immediately! #doyourjob
How about you let us know that you will demand a full scale independent investigation into #TrumpRussia? #realPA
Please call for an independent investigation of the President's business and personal links with Russia. This is a bipartisan issue.
Rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic? You can do that or be a patriot and call for a special prosecutor.
No words about interfering with an FBI investigation? Nothing? I'm so ashamed of you!
Glad I moved from PA this week and will be represented by 2 Senators who actually listen to their constituents. You're just a biglyGOP bot.
Jesus Christ Pat! We are in the middle of a constitutional crisis, earn your paycheck w/our tax dollars. SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW
Save our democracy Toomey! We need a special investigation. Everyone knows why Comey was fired, he was close to the truth. Lying Trump
We need a special investigation NOW! If you do not encourage your fellow senators to push for this investigation, you will be culpable.
Why is Lavrov swaggering around the Whitehouse?
When are you going to fight for our Democracy?
Are you going to weigh in on Comey, and the threats to the Republic, or remain mute ?

Independent investigation now! Otherwise you are just as evil as trump!!
Step up to the plate !  Country before party, we need an independent prosecutor!  Investigate this out of control President!
Man. I always knew you were out of touch... But THIS out of touch? What a joke. Read the news, ya dope.
We need a Special, Independent Counsel to investigate Russian ties to Trump. NOW! Registered Republican in 19382. This is for USA not GOP!
Pat, as usual, off fundraising while USA has Constitutional crisis. I lived thru Watergate, this is worse. Trump meets with Russians today??
Toomey do your job. Rome is burning! #SpecialProsecutor
Unbelievable. Democracy going to hell in a hand basket & you look the other way. #SpecialProsecutorRussiaNow
The Constitution, your oath of office should guide your actions and tweets.
POTUS is corrupt, Rs are killing healthcare, and this is what you focus on? The stench of this dirty administration is permanently on you.
How about meeting with your constituents in a Town Hall?!
Do what's right 4 the ppl Pat demand a #specialprosecutor in #trumprussia don't pick party over ppl just this one time #resist
Please show your dedication to democracy
I'm sure they're nice people and all, but this is insulting. Nobody gives a shit about your photo ops when your leader is committing treason
Independent counsel now.!  McConnell is wrong.  Hold a town hall one in a while.  Answer your phones.
So about that town hall senator? So we can talk about Comey and Russia and health care?!
Coward.  Stand up for this country!!!  #comeyfired #SpecialProsecutor
What is your response to Trump firing Comey?
Protect their future!  Help do something about the mess you helped make!
@SenToomey why wouldn't you "enjoy" a meeting with your constituents #townhall. I know your constituents would "enjoy" mtg with you.
Hey Pat, nothing but crickets... have you not yet received your talking points from the White House??
When are you going to start representing America and stop towing the @GOP agenda? You're a disgrace Pat!
You are a hack TooMee
Hey Pat, congrats this is great, but the POTUS is under investigation by FBI and he just fired the Director. Do you have anything to say??
When the crooked fall you will be on the bottom of the pile
Really?? Who handles your twitter, cuz? Did you notice Trump fired Comey?
Hi there Senator, constituent here--when are you going to demand an independent investigation into Trump's ties with Russia?
Hm, whaduya know, toomey is 24 hours behind an important news cycle that paints his party as more concerned w/ their jobs than their country
Stop these tweets & do your job! The president is undermining our democracy! Call for an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia
We need a special prosecutor to deal with this mess, now.  If you don't support, conclusion will be that you're complicit in the cover-up!
Republicans, you will be judged forever on how you check this abuse of power. Independent investigation NOW! #countryoverparty #trumprussia
Right now would be the time to let us know you support an independent investigation. Not this.
Nice tweet.

Now...Independent prosecutor.
call CYS allowing children to be photo ops should be classified as child abuse, meeting with two when thousands are begging for town hall
and that's your tweet today? You must live under a rock.
FAKE SENATOR @SenToomey
Why don't you set up some townhalls across PA to give us more detail on this. And answer a few questions from your constituents. #realPA
TIME OUT!!!
what the hell is going on! Non of this is normal acceptable. Lies, lies and more lies.
That's sweet.  You might also enjoy meeting your constituents at a town hall.
I would enjoy it if you stood up for our country instead of your party.....
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
In 1974 Republicans lost 49 House and 4 Senate seats.

The perception of defending corruption was deadly. 

Proceed accordingly.
Do your job , you partisan hack
When are you going to do something about @realDonaldTrump ties to Russia?  Do you even care about the firing of Comey?  No statement!?!?
Thanks for checking in. #IndependentCommissionNOW.
REALLY?! This is what you're going to post about right now?
#ImpeachTrumpNOW & meet with your constituents in SEPA! Stop being Trump's tool & serve Pennsylvanians.
Time to unite against Trump or have him bring you down with him. Need an independent investigation. #impeachTrump #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Independent investigation time
