but what about Russia? #SessionsMustResign

At any point did you discuss @jeffsessions impending resignation? Or about dodging your constituents?
you never do anything productive. INVESTIGATE TRUMP AND S ESSIONS. Do you job for once you pathetic senator
please address full town hall 15217
why don't you have some meetings with your constituents, maybe in a Town Hall setting?
By my count you've met with 13 constituents in 2 weeks.  Only 12.79 million to go. Better step it up.
Thank you for that. Now face your constituents at town halls, as Dems did for tea party '09. Otherwise small chance nxt election.
Anyone who supports resistance is no way shape or form a @SenToomey constituent. Ur a paid troll.
U ppl are all make same mistakes
I support resistance.  Resistance is more American than subservience!
Good for you.
I'm sure glad I'm with
the majority
actually the majority voted for Clinton
Actually we go off of electoral votes which was a Pres trump landslide. Besides Hill lost pop vote
doesn't make up for failure to meet with a town hall.
This is all very nice but, when may we expect a town hall meeting in Allegheny County?
how about you met with your constituents? #resist
Pruitt for EPA? DeVos for Ed.. Sec. Toomey is on the dole big time. Remove him
how about a town hall with your constituents
Thanks for your attention to Fayette. Too bad @SenBobCasey was too busy complaining about @realDonaldTrump to post about the meet
Hey Pat - Any productive meetings with PUTIN????
Are they showing you maps of Pennsylvania?  "Pat, this is your state.  You represent the people who live there."
So you met with three constituents? Much more efficient to hold a townhall and meet with hundreds. @TuesdaysToomey
Are you in favor of Jeff Sessions resigning? Your constituents want to know. You can tell us at your next town hall, LOL
Where do you stand now on the investigation in to Russian involvement in our elections? Do you think a Special Prosecutor needed?
Meet w your constituents. The everyday people. Not cherry picked. Don't roll over for Trump. Too bad you can't be recalled
when will you have a town hall in PHL?
We look forward to seeing you in Philadelphia. When is the town hall?
Could you include a video clip? Minutes? A summary? #townhall #TimidPatToomey #somanyquestions
how about a "productive meeting" WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS?!?!?
try meeting with your constituents you weak willed coward
Don't tell me--you lectured them about becoming a sanctuary county and chanted "Drill baby Drill!"
not meeting with your constituents …. wuzz
nothing about you is productive, only destrictive. you are truly hated from all sides for your tremendous cowardice.
How about meeting with your constituents at a town hall ?
Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia.
Too bad you can't meet with your constituents. COWARD
when's your next town hall??? Tuesday's with Toomey??  Remember
we implore you to meet with the PEOPLE OF PA who elected you. Not the folks already supporting your stuff. The ones who have ???
how about meeting with regular voters?  Town Hall?
much more productive than meeting with the Tuesday with toomey crowd
did they discuss how oil pipeline companies don't pay appropriate property taxes in their communities? #TimidPatToomey #townhall
Toomey hates his constituents
When will you schedule a meeting with your constituents instead of playing show and tell on Twitter?
Well you stood us up again today. We looked 4 u in Phila & DC. Eager 2 schedule a town hall w/you in Phila soon. @PPAdvocatesPA
looks like his "somebody is at the door but I don't want to answer it" pose
you are bought and paid for, very disappointed with your voting record
Great, now have a productive meeting with your constituents.
I want an investigation into Trump and connections to Russia. Do not prevent this investigation
How about a productive meeting with your constituents?
alright, 1st we block Syrian babies, 2nd round up all those Mexicans who are doing hard labor, 3rd no trans peeing. Ready break.
If I get DeVos to bribe you again will you hold a town hall?
COWARD FACE UR CONSTITUENTS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philadelphia …
What exactly did you do besides shake hands and pose for a picture. How many people will be hired in the next 90 days? NONE
meet with the real people!!!
and just because Trump can read from a teleprompter doesn't mean he's still not poisoning our water & hiding his tax returns
Still not meeting with your constituents in town halls is weak! #DoYourJob
how about instead of posting your photo ops you meet with your constituents in person.
When's the town hall in the Lehigh Valley? One that you actually show up to?
when's the town hall?
I received a s-mail letter this week from him. Answer. Never
would you be into productive meetings with your constutuents? Like all together in a hall? In a town?
Do you know what a constituent looks like? What ya do with $58,500 from
DeVos, $ from trip to Palm Springs & Wells Fargo money?
blah blah blah, snarky comment, do a town hall in Pittsburgh, @SenBobCasey is planning one, you can too
Get Trump in there & you can take a nap. Trump will get that county moving
so did you meet any constituents??? Or are you still hiding from them?? You're coward & deserve to be recalled. #ToomeyTownHall
Please share times, dates, and locations of your in-person PA townhalls. Your constituents want to talk with you. #WheresToomey
when/where exactly are you going to appear at a town hall so you can hear from the people you were elected to represent?
Mel,
You know darn well you didn't vote for him.
