When are you going to have a town hall??? 19119
Talk about how you have no idea what your constituents want.
#WasteofaSenateseat Useless. No benefit to America. Yet you still draw a salary.
Did you get approval from Trump on what you're saying or did he just have your comments written for you? #trumpbuttkisser
You mean how like your healthcare will be better than what any of your constituents can expect???
Town hall?
Cool, but how about a town hall?
can't wait to hear how the tax cuts will help me, Pat.
Meet your constituents face to face. Get off the TV. You are another Trump Narcissist??
Oh is this in lieu of a Town Hall? No pesky questions to worry about? @WhatsPatUpTo @TuesdaysToomey
Turkey!
Mention that you don't ever meet with your constituents in town halls and how you accept $$$ for your votes in congress
if current health care passes then congress should have the same plan angry voters will have the last word
Seriously my fellow Pennsylvanians, how do you all keep re-electing this guy who barely works for us when he's barely working? Why?
No to Ryancare.
@realDonaldTrump knows nothing about tax reform. His plan is bad for PA residents. Please do not support this plan, Pat.
Fake news for s fake senator
Because Toomey can only express his views when there is a safe distance between himself and his constituents
I SO hope @RepSims runs for your Senate seat. Nothing would be sweeter than replacing you with a qualified gay Democrat.
who cares!  You are a coward!
You know what we want and we're not going to stop asking.....live town hall, none of that phone in, u pick the questions stuff #byebyetoomey
No wall. Leave taxes alone. Ask for his taxes. Ask him about Russia.
Make it easy for you- they failed. Now listen to your constituents, @SenToomey !
who bought your vote this week? Must be nice.
the health care that you just voted to be exempt from? cool. Cannot wait to vote you out.
The ACA drove down bankruptcies
First one hundred days of making enemies with all of our allies and making the rich richer. This isn't tax reform, it's giving the rich more
I can sum up your remarks easily: Fail, fail and fail.
Such nice expensive suits, bought with money gained from barely doing a job for PA. So lucky. If only we all had the work schedule you do.
Trump has cut 85 billion on regulations, Pipeline,1000's of jobs, S. Justice, VA can pick their own Dr's, 60% reduction on immigrants.
Nothing positive. You could say since corrupt @gop accomplished zero worthwhile tasks
Stop talking to the media! Instead have a back and forth conversation with your constituents! #doyourjob
Your on that show a lot? Miss ur wall agree buddies Pat? I guess they're better than people who voted for you right? FU
No one make loud noises! It's been some time since our last Toomey sighting
Party line, no vision, one term. #disappointed #useless
Yawn
when will you have an in person town hall in philly? we have to work so we can't tune in. 19144
That should take 3 miniutes! GOP controlled Congress & WH & not ONE piece of legislation passed in first 100 days!  Failed exec orders! BAD!
How come the GOP specifically exempts members of congress from Trumpcare, leaving you guys with the ACA? Is it bc you know the plan is crap?
Senator, we need ObamaCare REPEAL, the central issue of the 2016 election. Let's get it done, ok? If replace interferes chop it up.
Come to Erie, PA for townhall meeting. Stop being our do nothing cowardly Sen.
Still no townhall? Also uphold your oath of office.
YOU ALSO SUPPORTED @BetsyDeVos  WITH. no #qualifications #education #EpicFail #philly
I was not impressed.  #TownHall in Philly? Get #Botox before you start interviewing for new job #YouAreDone in #Pa @SenToomey @SquawkCNBC
What the hell is that? Looks shaved in the front, wig in the back.
How about having some open town halls with your constituents, Pat
Since you aren't paying attention to us, I just need you to know that when politics comes up I always talk about your uselessness & apathy.
Just what I expect from Trump's puppet.  But I guess your donors are happy. Votes for sale! Step right up, corporations and rich folks!
Good old Citizens United. Good time to introduce radical term limits to limit its influence.
You're an embarrassment to the state of Pennsylvania.
hello from ERIE pa....let me help ya with this...health care for all..SINGLE PAYER....first 100 days have been one HOT MESS
You should resign Pat. You're a horrible Senator. You're an embarrassment to PA. Shame on you!
Let me guess, your boy Don is the best and his reforms are exactly what the politicians and big business need to further line their pockets?
Thanks for the Last Minute Notice!!!!!
Hey Pat, thanks for the heads up.  Hey Twitterverse, everyone is invited to my house for dinner, last night...
Be sure to mention you don't give a damn about your constituents and loyalty is only to party, power & money.
I am a pa voter Republican will pay for this poor bill a grass root wave will stop  2018 near
So about that town hall? You said you'd talk to us on Twitter but I haven't heard a word from you? No #tuesdayswithtoomey
Hey, just like an In-person town hall.  Except it's not.
Build that Wall. Start fighting for it.
That's funny because you look & sound like a chicken squawking, with about the same level of intelligence foresight & empathy #ToomeyTheTool
Where I expect everything you say will be exactly what McConnell/Ryan/Trump want you to say about how everything POTUS blathers is awesome
Your positions on everything are pro-big donor PACs & do zero 4 your constituents. How hard are you pushing your party 4 Miner's Benefits.
When's your townhall??? We know you can do media interviews.
when will the next town hall meeting I will show up think of voters not your self more coverage
Hopefully not as an "expert" on any of those issues...
And ps. Slashing taxes for corporations is not tax reform it's just a thank you from GOP to their corporate masters.
Bet it was a short segment
Why are you a coward and afraid to investigate Trump and Russia? Do you love Putin and power more than democracy?
