how do we find out your town hall or meeting schedule for eastern PA?
while protestors stand outside screaming for toomeg to come out and face his constituents. Ha!  What a fraud. Going down.
great work, Marta! Now if only you could get your phones to work... Please call us back or clear your voicemail! #DumpDevos
that should happen more!
Your Pittsburgh's office is not answering the phone and the voicemail is full, same as DC, how do I contact you?
- The same for ALL his offices.
Yep. I call all 8 of them (that we pay for) every day. No answer full mailbox http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=offices 
Let's organize a meeting with coverage by press/tv to get a meeting. Worked in AK w/Flake
- we can try, but I've heard he's refusing to meet constituents also. He's dodging everyone.
We need to get tv&news crews to cover & write about this. Unfortunately he was reelected
While the young man in your Allentown office attempted to school a 62 year-old teacher on ed theory and how gov't works. No.
Just because you get paid to promote positions & people doesn't mean voters are paid 4 their opinions! We disagree with you!
can Marta answer the phone too? Because it seems like no one is answering your phones.  #NoOnDeVos
Answer your phones! Vote NO on DeVos.
Senator Toomey:  I expect you to vote against the nomination of Betsy Devos.She is not the right person for that job! #DumpDevos
Please read about Betsy Devos & look into your  to see if she's right for education #noDevos You could do so much good
Please listen to your constituents & vote NO to DeVos.  If you vote yes, I'm sure you won't be my senator in 2022 #DumpDevos
He'll still be your senator in 2022, but I'll work my ass off to make sure he's unemployed in 2023.
you need to answer your phones and #VoteNoDevos
vote no on DeVos!!! Let us leave a message or talk to you! @CNN @CNN @CBSNews @ABCPolitics
Sending you a mirror  looking at yourself should be painful after selling out our children .Disgusting
this is why no one is answering your phones, huh? #listentoyourconstituents #stopdeflecting
Vote no on Devos, be the independent republican you said you were instead of a handout taking republican that this country hates.
I wonder if she's the friendly office member who hung up on me when I was calling about you voting #NoonDeVos
That's nice. My home town. Does he have grandchildren in public school?
DO YOU THINK B.Devos is the right person for Allentown?Come on-Vote NO-No for DeVos.
@CBSNews @CNN @NBCNews @FoxNews @CNBC why aren't you answering your phone then!???? Every time we call we can't leave a message
When will you help the children in PA? VOTE NO TO DeVos.
How about if you got off your butt @SenToomey and started fighting for PA!  Resist the @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  agenda. #GaslightingAmerica

Marta looks very nice. Would she like to talk to the rest of us, because we'd love to talk to her?
Listen to your constituents- no on DeVos. We're watching. We will remember.
Can never get through on the phones in Washington or Hbg., just wondering if you are too busy?  #ourRevolution
NO on DeVOS. NO on Sessions. You will be held accountable by your constituency. You will be held accountable to history.
NO on Pruitt. Kinda hard to go to class poisoned by lead & breathing particulate matter. Is there a recall mechanism
Just wondered where staff for Harrisburg office is these days.  #ourrevolution
#NotoDeVos
u have 8 offices. No phones are answered at any location. Why have u instructed staff to refuse to listen to constituent concerns
Great! We know that you do have staff working to intentionally NOT answer constituent calls! #DumpToomey
answer your phones! Shame! Mailbox filled for days what are you avoiding? VOTE NO on DeVos!
Vote no on Betsy DeVos!  Support our children!  Put partisan politics aside and do what's right!
#boughtbydevos and hiding from voters. $60K in donations buys his vote
#DumpDevos #Guns4Grizzlies #GrowthOrProficiency #WhatIsIDEA
Veterans are important and deserve our care and respect.  So do our nation's children.  Do what's right for them and #DumpDevos
Why do you refuse to engage with Philadelphians? What is your job if not to serve your constituents?
Maybe you could try letting some of your constituents into your office instead of posting pictures of it
Vote NO on DeVos. She is not qualified. You're supposed to work for your constituents, but based on what I'm seeing, you aren't.
can't wait for the next election! Your concern for your constituents will be remembered. You barely won this time Glad I  Kate
wish I wld have known could have told her in person you should oppose Devos. Instead of fruitlessly calling all #s you won't ans
Too bad you weren't helping any of your constituents.
Don't vote for DeVos! She does not know a thing about education!!!
tried to call you today... Please don't vote yes for DeVos, she's not qualified and you know it!
Email his staff instead Robert_DeSousa@toomey.senate.gov . RT
Thank you Marta... but I hope your votes are for the Veterans
NO on DeVos & NO on Pruitt.
would have been great if she were answering phones
did she lift the ban on VA hiring?
Good thing she's doing it. You haven't done sh@t.
glad someone on your staff working, she's not tan, didn't get to make the Palm Springs trip?
but does anyone answer your phones ? Unable to reach you for days.
But you're not helping constituents. You're not even letting them leave voice mail. #hypocrisy
where were you today? How do I contact you?
What are you and your staff doing to help Allentown's Assali family, who had six members expelled at PHL on Saturday?
Does anyone there answer the PHONES?!?!? While @SenBobCasey office is responsive, you apparently don't take calls. #democracy
won't set foot in Philly tho, will you, cowardly fencesitter. Want to help veterans? Find VA and stop wars for oil! #resign!
maybe Marta can answer the phones?  Transcribe your voicemails?  #pickupthedamnphonetoomey
SupCourtJustice? It's only 1371 days until the next Presidential election- LET AMERICA CHOOSE! #PlayTheirGame
Are you ever going to meet your constituents at your Philly office, or just hide like a coward while you help kill the ACA
was she trying to explain why you supported a hiring freeze at the VA and cutting off their coverage through the ACA. #acaworks
You don't have to vote blindly down party lines! I voted for you! PLEASE vote NO to DeVos!!! NO to Sessions!
What is the protocol for clearing voicemail boxes in your offices?
maybe she should have been answering the phones
That's great! But who are YOU helping?!!? Oh, that's right - NO ONE!
that's great that Marta us doing work.  When will you hold a town hall or visit Philly?  When will your offices answer the phone?
What did you do today?  Have lunch with the Koch Bros? #TrumpLackey #NoMuslimBan #noDevos #NoSessions #DOSOMETHING
You can't keep ignoring your constituents. You promised you wouldn't be a rubber stamp. DT is historically unpopular. No to DeVos
maybe she could pick up the phone to take a message (or2) from me...
http://kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/pre-existing-conditions-and-medical-underwriting-in-the-individual-insurance-market-prior-to-the-aca/ …
An estimated 27% of Pennsylvanians 2,045,000 of your constituents. They are adult voters AND their loved ones.
are you also afraid of POTUS?? Afraid you will be targeted for standing up for your fellow Pennsylvanians you are representing?
A lot of people still aren't happy about being compared to burnt our houses.
hey pat i suport u everyones view is different congrats to ur relection
Awesome!! America 1st!!
Adding my voice to the crowd - please listen to your constituents. Though you may pray for it, this is not going to blow over.
no on devos
glad the vets are getting some well-deserved attention. answer your phone! YOU WORK FOR ALL OF US IN PA
I'm glad you're helping Veterans & hope that continues, but pls also get someone to answer the phones, faxes & emails.  Thx!
instead of answering phones opening mail and taking voicemail messges
Glad to see one of your constituents is being spoken to. What about the rest of us...Town Hall soon?
we, your constituents, deserve to be heard and we deserve to hear your opinions on all Trump decisions! TY BISH ZUBIK!
say no to Devos.
can't seem to get in touch with any of your offices.Why so afraid to talk us?Public meetings?Where are you?
NO to DeVos! Please do the right thing for kids and college students who were victims of fraud. She refused.
how nice. Was she helping the family turned away at the airport?They only waited 10 years to get to Allentown to waiting family.
how about answering your phones and listening to your constituents about NOT confirming cabinet secretaries instead???
maybe Marta can answer the phones in Philadelphia for you?
Helping vets is good. Please fight to have counter-terrorism experts consulted before executive order on immigration. Not safe!
What did you do today for the lawful residents who were sent away based solely on their national origin? Did you stand with them?
Marta seems nice-maybe she can hold a town hall since you won't?
helping veterans is nice Pat but look outside your window at the protesters.  It's time you listen to the people you represent
answer your phone or listen to your voicemail. I've been trying to call you for days. And please vote no to DeVos and Sessions.
You do realize you work for us, right?
he doesn't work for you he works the majority that put him and the POTUS in office. They are doing excellent jobs 
Marta should come to the Philadelphia office and answer some phones and speak to your other constituents.
Maybe try valuing your constituents more than the billionaires u were courting over the w/e.  There's no reelection w/o the ppl.
You and you spineless staff are afraid to even meet with your constituents in Pittsburgh. over 300 showed up for an appointmet!
My dad's a vet, too. Vets use Medicare. Their grandchildren go to public schools. You tweeting from your phone? Pick up.
get out there & support Trump that's why we elected you,there's a reason you both won the state,ignore the America haters
no answer at your offices, vote no on devos. Is anyone calling you asking to support her? Listen to the ppl you rep
Are you okay? we're worried about you. No one has been able to contact you.
great, now what about answering the phone? Or listening to constituents?
Do you know how to listen to your voicemail?
Do you need help with your phone system?
Have McConnell invoke the new clear option. We need this SCOTUS at work as the rest of the cabinet
What are you hiding from?
I need to contact you but all of your voicemails are full! How do you represent us?
that's nice. What are you doing?  Or not doing?
How should we contact you ? 7 full voicemails. Email returned due to site maintenance. #VoteNoSessions #VoteNoDevos
voicemail full #VoteNoDevos  #VoteNoSessions
Thanks guys awesome
Senator Toomey, have someone answer your phones and empty your voicemail.  We want you to hear our messages!
Why are you ignoring #TuesdayswithToomey - which has TRENDED NATIONALLY (on tues) for the past few weeks?
Today! Where are you @SenToomey? #TuesdayswithToomey
Vote no on DeVos, @SenToomey. Also, tell the Philly office to answer the phone.
Maybe she should be working on going through your voicemails instead. PA elected you. Listen to us. #NoDevos #NoSessions
it seems that the senator is not being very responsive to his constiuients.  For shame!
no way to contact you. not okay.
I am wife of Army vet & for taking care of all who served, including Iraqis who helped US troops & are now denied US entry! NoBan
Nice, since no one has answered a damn phone in any of your offices all week. Are you doing anything about the coup in progress?
vote no on devos!
Why is Matt Blackburn not meeting with constituents in Pittsburgh?  Do you remember that you work for us? #TuesdaysWithToomey
Good lord, you are utterly pathetic, .@SenToomey. Hiding behind "Marta" and a veteran.
can she answer phones? I've called your Philly and D.C. Offices everyday only to get no answer and full voicemails. #DoYourJob
Glad Marta could help. Now, pick up your phone and listen to the rest of us. #noDevos #StopPresidentBannon
Fellow Pennsylvanians, this lack of responsiveness has been going for weeks. Obviously lacking the courage of his convictions
that's great but why don't u answer ur phone and listen to ur VM? NO to Sessions and DeVos. Please!!
I have also tried calling several times and the voicemail is always full. I urge you to vote NO in DeVos an Sessions.
I'm happy for him. Your voicemail is full. Vote NO on DeVos and Sessions, please.
I don't suppose you could send someone to Philadelphia to hear constituents there. They've been showing up #TuesdayswithToomey
Say NO 2 any legislation until unconstitutional Muslim Ban lifted. Also NO 2 unfit unethical noms Sessions DeVos Price Minuchin.
Meanwhile, back in Washington you are voting against bills to benefit veterans.
Who did your staff help while you were in Palm Springs with billionaires?
Maybe you could hire them to clear out your voicemails.
I live in Bryn Mawr, PA 19010. Please vote NO on Rex Tillerson & Jeff Session. They endanger our values, our country, our world.
Why don't you have voicemail in your Allentown office so your constituents can leave messages over the weekend when much happens?
Stand up for the Constitution. Keep America the shining city. The President is NOT above the law!
Kindly empty all of your voice mail boxes, Senator. Perhaps Marta could assist you if you need help with that tough task! #RiseUp
Sweet avoidance, but avoidance just the same of the issues with which your constituents are most concerned. We're watching!
hundreds of your constituents were at your offices today for #TuesdayswithToomey . When are you going to meet with us?
I am a veteran: still think that DeVos' plan to gut american public education is a travesty and a big move by religo-corporations
Devos wants to cut federal funding 4 public ed Higher property taxes YAY!
see a pattern here at these tweets.  Look @ phone calls.Look @ letters. Ask yourself if excepting Betsy Devos $ was worth it
@TuesdaysToomey That's great, @SenToomey! Please be sure to discuss how Veterans will be effected by an ACA repeal!  http://www.benefitspro.com/2017/01/25/how-could-aca-repeal-impact-veterans …
no to DeVos
YAY, Marta! Meanwhile, what destruction were you enabling while Marta was at work?
And this proves what? That you are as stupid as Trump and just as shallow? You are OUR employee not HIS, do what WE say, not him.
was she helping the veterans get health care? And what about veterans who are Muslim & can't get back into country? #MuslimBan
Marta need to start picking up the phone because I've been trying to call you regarding voting no on @BetsyDeVos for days --DAYS
Nice. But does Marta ever answer phones from the rest of your consituents?
A woman with a notebook and a man with a Vietnam Veterans hat on and that is suppose to be proof that you give a damn? Really?

Helping veterans is wonderful and Marta needs to be commended - BTW I heard / read "Constitutional Crisis" 3 times yesterday!
. @SenToomey -howdy Pat, where are u?  Back from Palm Springs How's Betty? What are the Koch bros up to?  #stopsessions #TuesdayswithToomey
It'd be nice if you'd be just as concerned about the thousands of people you represent who can't get ahold of you or your office
Where are you Pat? You're harder to find than Waldo.
That’s great! Now, please empty your voicemail.
How about having someone from your office answer phones or check voice mail?
.@SenToomey Too bad Marta from your office (or you for that matter) wasn't willing to hear any of your other constituents today!
your Pittsburgh staff cancelled our meeting today b/c "we have already done a number of them" Why don't you care about Pgh?
#DumpToomey
helping them understand what's going to happen with the repeal of the ACA?
Please have her come to Susquehanna County. TY
- Why don't you answer your phones?? #DeVos_Bought_You
who's working with constituents in Philly?
not toomey!
That's great but hiring freeze will simply continue to stall anything moving forward. The red tape was just made longer.
thank you for supporting veterans and supporting POTUSTrump. The media and Hollywood are wrong again. Sen.Casey is next to get ax
aww, Steve. He doesn't support vets. Marta does.
THANK YOU.
your silence on current events is pathetic. Trying to figure out what is best for u is NOT WHY YOU WERE ELECTED.
I appreciate that. Can you please get your phone line working so we can call you? It's 2017, we have the technology.
.@SenToomey and what are you doing to help your constituents today?
If he's following his own precedent: absolutely nothing, prob cowering in a corner & planning his next Palm Springs vacay
I wonder if he ever gets tired of being a coward.
.@SenToomey Would be nice if someone on the staff started clearing voicemails so concerned constituents can actually contact you.
Remember patriotism over Party!
terrific. Maybe clear the voicemails and/or answer the phones. Quick question, what's your historical knowledge of Viche France?
She sure wasn't answering the phone
You really going to let Trump destroy this country? COUNTRY over Party!
Thank you for helping vets Mr. Senator.
Let's Get the President his Cabinet !
Please consider holding a town hall. If you believe in your convictions on all the issues, you have nothing to hide.
He's afraid to face us.  wonder why? #WheresToomey
