Wow. No people of color in the whole damn state?
Now if only you would work on our behalf.  You could learn something from them #toomeywatch
Gee, somebody answered the phone when you called? 

I only ever got a recording. 

16412
Blinded by the white.
The once I spoke too had no idea what my agency actually does.  How does answering a phone and taking messages prepare them for anything?
You left out a word. Your bright, impressive, WHITE interns. You are part of the problem of institutionalized racism.
Are there only white people in Pennsylvania?
Look how white they are!!
Great experience
2 women? Missed opportunity for 2 more white guys. Women are genetically too emotional for workplace, also not fair to their future children
Interns, there's still hope! Take what you've learned this summer and use it to make the world BETTER. Don't let this experience define you.
Unless they first get lynched by your base.
#BlindedByTheRight. Imagine what these kids will be like when they're 50.
Will they at least disavow white supremacy and the racist #45?
You forgot the adjective 'white' ... [WHITE] bright, impressive summer interns... #NoBlackConstituents ?
Great diversity going there 
Amazing diversity !
Stop corrupting the young!
I've got nothing.
WOW! Such diversity!
We knew he was a racist, xenophobe and islamaphobe. Now he's making terroristic threats. WTF R U going to do, Pat? 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/post-politics/wp/2017/08/15/after-charlottesville-trump-retweets-then-deletes-image-of-train-running-over-cnn-reporter/ …
All so white. Did you even try to find people of color to intern for you?
Are they learning benefits of "pay to play" politics, how to disregard constituents & get best photo opps to bolster their image?
and what or should I say who is missing from these pics Patty boy?
-- Unfortunately those interns have been warped by your example -- Maybe they'll learn from you what NOT to do
Stand up and push for impeachment of your boy!
Another bunch of followers. So smart. wow.
Glad they are working for the people of PA- you certainly are not. You seem to only work for the richest among us.
U should work for free like these kids had to do they could bask in your greatness. Set the right example. Maybe they could hold town halls
If they haven't staged an intervention to get you to meet constituents or recruit some POC interns, they're not as impressive as you think.
Pretty embarrassing for them to have to work for a buffoon like Toomey.....
Please call out Trump for being completely wrong about Charlottesville.  What you ignore you empower!
Bright! As in skin color?
Unless the GOP destroys health care and you or a loved one gets sick. Oh and Pat - nice work with the all white staff. Wink wink.
Sad that you couldn't hire one African American in a state that's 12% AA. This explains your paltry response to Charlottesville.
I hope you encouraged them to get a real job that contributes...
Can't believe I contributed...you didn't accomplish anything last term and you are doing just as well now...Stand up...help #MAGA
Work to save America.
Not if they're working for you because you're out of a job in a few years. #wherestoomey
Maybe next time hire some people of color.
Only the best and the whitest!
Dude you're not paying attn are you? You really shld distance yourself from DJT. That's a stink that never washes off.
Are those paid summer internships? If so PA residents paid them to answer your calls because you wouldn't. I'd say that was pretty diligent
Funny how your interns look a lot likes trump's
no POC, not surprising
They did not work for the people of PA they worked for you and you work for the Nazi Koch Brothers!
Congrats interns. NOW S toomey, schedule a real town hall so PA citizens can address important issues with our representative. DO YOUR JOB.
Your tweets on Charlottesville mean nothing if you keep up this lack of diversity in your staff. You can't serve PA well w/ only white kids.
Poor kids had to be near this horrible man all summer. They probably need counseling for ptsd
perhaps we can meet them at a Town Hall meeting
No POC, just like your Twitter banner, typical Toomey. Trump must be so proud of you. Shameful.
Seriously, eight white kids and one Asian? Are you aware of the demographics of your state?
Glad your interns are working for your constituents when you are clearly not. Maybe we can have a town hall with them?

set examples of hate for them didya?
I hope you showed them what *NOT* to do.
Let's hope they grow up to either get or stay super rich and then you can really thank them with healthcare-gutting tax cuts!
Which one is in charge of feeding you cheese?
Any of them take the time to schedule you a town hall?
Hey where are you??Twnhall meetings shld b held. Stop think u r neglecting ur constituents. WE THE PPL ARE MAD AS HELL. LISTEN STOP BARKING
hey look, they are all white
Imagine that. There are,some females.
Will their healthcare include PTSD treatment?
What a diverse group of students...NOT. All your white friends kids, huh?
Clearly not diligently scheduling a town hall for you. Nice way to teach them about 'representation'.
Sen Toomey have you made a statement about Drumpf and his first response to Charlottesville? Maybe I missed it.
Laughing at all the people virtue signaling about diversity.  Now go look up the definition of that.
LPT: indicate on your resume that you worked for @SenBobCasey or @SenFranken - they actually follow senate protocol.
I hope they were paid in something other than experience. If they weren't well it is telling.
Still waiting for YOU to start working on behalf of the people of PA on their wants and needs!! If you're waiting for our go..then.....GO!
A very white, I mean bright bunch!
No POC?
Your internship class doesn't reflect what Pennsylvania looks like, Senator. Shame on you for not doing more to represent us all!
Thanks interns for reading the Twitter comments (also from email/phone). Trust you passed them on but your boss doesn't seem to be listening
They need to run as far from you as possible. Toomey is a fucking plague to our State
Such diversity!
those guys are heading to @SenBobCasey office for next years internship after this summers show!
Is it me or are all your interns White? Where is the diversity? @TuesdaysToomey @TuesToomeyHBG @TuesdayToomeyLV @toomeytownhall
They might but you don't
Will one of THEM hold a town hall? Since you seem to have been too busy and all since, well, forever.
What a diverse group.
Tell you what, we'll trade college affirmative action for 3 black interns every semester
So did you realize you'd get called out about the lack of diversity and didn't care, or is it still a blind spot?
It is past time to consider why the alt-right is in the WestWing. Sen Toomey clean out the Nazis from the White House
Wow...the diversity of the "Toomey Intern Experience" is staggering...
So in theory there were people there to answer the phones
SET AN EXAMPLE FOR THEM AND FOR ALL OUR YOUNG PEOPLE AND DENOUNCE TRUMP!
Two days to denounce Nazi's and White Supremacists? Way to go Trump! I mean Toomey.
No diversity?
Do they all look like twins to you? You're weird.
Huh...you'd think with all those interns somebody could at least answer the phones when we constituents call.
#ToomeyTownHall now!
Were they the ones who had to come up with BS excuses for why you wouldn't have a town hall?
Not all Pennsylvanians are white. You only hire the white ones?
why would ANY person of color want to work for that guy? He has shown time and time again he has no interest!
Too bad none of them set up a Harrisburg Town Hall for you, or did I miss the announcement?
If I saw that you'd interned for #theCowardToomey , I'd be disinclined to hire you. And I hire a lot of people
How about a town hall to discuss?
Anything to say about #Charlottesville? Nah  too busy towing party line
that puts them a step above you...
Good job Senator, when is your next townhall?
You've ruined those poor kids' resumés
These poor, gullible kids.
Who wants to bet they are soon going to leave this internship off their resumes? Association with GOP/Toomey won't serve them well.
unless they drank the kool aid Toomey was pouring
WOW- you don't even work on behalf of the people of PA! Impressive!
You have been tainted by your proximity to this man. Run and don't look back.
