Why not limit medical company gouging? That would work much better.
If you actually cared about spending, you wouldn't be trying to pass nearly a trillion dollar tax cut that goes almost entirely to the rich.
Medicare spends ~$13,200 per enrollee while Medicaid spends ~$10,200 pp (federal portion is <$6k pp)
Of all your charts, where is the one that shows the taxcuts, and who gets?  PS-they are big and go to top 1%+ only
it's just more unsubstantiated & doctored data.  He won't ever share the real charts, they are way too scary for public consumption.
Refduce tax breaks and loopholes for the rich.  If they pay their FAIR share, it works to give healthcare to all Americans.
And over 50% goes to imperialism. What's your point? Take care of your people.
Spend less on defense
Vote NO on cutting Medicaid. This program saved my disabled daughter's life. Please don't take this away from our family!!
Medicaid allows seniors to have care in nursing homes. You are raiding it to give tax cuts to wealthy. Pop. is aging. You need to expand it.
Medicaid directly helps people in need. Why don't you understand that?
Support the general welfare USA Constitutional mandate. 
And a moral imperative.
I would ask, how can the most vulnerable portion of our society take up this cost? Medicaid spending reflects healthcare inflation. Fix that

#WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall
Simply not true. End of story. Try cutting some military spending in favor of Medicaid. We only spend around 2% of the whole budget on this.
What problem are you solving? providing affordable HC, over hall medicaid, or tax break for your supporters.
If we can fully fund your (increasing) salary, pension, expenses, and family's healthcare, we can fund Medicaid.
Our nations DEFENSE budget is what needs to be cut. It is so unsustainable we are militarizing police depts for Christ's sake!!!
I agree. We NEED universal health coverage. Lack of coverage is killing innovation by trapping entrepreneurs in benefit-providing jobs.
Why pick on Medicaid? In FY2017 Medicaid spending was $404bn vs. $582bn for Medicare and $1 trillion for Social Security
Then raise taxes on those that can't afford to take care of our most vulnerable citizens
Great - then you take the crappy coverage for you and your precious family. Oh, and you get to pay for it too. No more free rides on tax $
The military takes up plenty of unnecessary money but you don't talk about that. Medicaid is actually needed!
You are a business guy. Figure out how to make it sustainable without cutting benefits...your smart right?
Try spending less on the military and black programs and spend some money on the people.   The EU does it all the time.........if they can do it so can we!
Have you considered fixing it?
And just what do you expect someone who legitimately qualifies for and needs Medicaid to say to that? You know your bill is hurtful!
Psst, hey, as pop. ages & as autism increases, yer gonna need to increase spending on Medicaid....or just let them all die. #singlepayernow
Well then. Wouldn't forgetting the tax cuts for the rich make up for that shortfall? We're not talking numbers here. Talking lives.
And let's not forget that Medicaid is not the only issue with this bad healthcare bill!
Try asking this Q: What is most important to humans? Being alive. There are your priorities. U won't convince us tax cuts are more important
Sounds good but doesn't tell the right story. You can do anything with statistics. What percent of the federal budget is defense spending?
Maybe because we have a higher population of older folks now, they did their part, now it's our turn to support them, no MURDER by neglect
Knock it off this is not even true!
but the military is 50+% and that is ok? Please explain
What insurance do you have?  Salary? Per diem? You cant even relate.
Do you think that's because we have more of your voters in that age group than ever #ByeByeBye
So, when are YOU giving up your insurance?
So move all on #Medicaid 2 #Medicare or best: cut out insurer profit with #SinglePayer. Tell the #truth: u want a tax cut 4 rich guys like u
You're not reforming. You're cutting in order to give the rich pocket change. Shame on you.
I'd rather have my tax money spent this way - taking care of people, than lining the pockets of million & billionaires.
Senator Pledge here that you'll vote YES ONLY for a healthcare bill that prohibits not insuring people with pre-existing conditions . Reply
Move some money from defense spending. There is plenty in that pot. All will be well
Preserve the ACA and then you can think about Medicaid. Nice to see you are so concerned for sick and poor people.
It is a matter of priorities, and yours are clearly tax cuts for the wealthy over the health of the American people. #Resign
How about our unsustainable defense spending?
That's what happens when you have a baby boomer generation and when YOU keep poor people poor.
Medicaid didn't do this to itself. WE did it to ourselves, and we don't get to just refuse to pay for the consequences.
Anyone can make a fake chart and try to pass it off as truth
Stop the madness We are not buying it Repair ACA Hold town hall so we can give you our input
maybe reform incorrect beliefs about clients of medicaid, why can pharma charge medicaid 200 for a month of meds when a 90dy is 9.99?
Free medical care for ALL, slight increase /creation of national sales tax, simple
@SenBobCasey Stop your hysteria and come to your senses for Pennsylvanian's sake.
Bad argument Toomey. You are taking health care from the poor to give tax cuts to the rich. Stop the lies. Have a town hall so we can talk.
Yes that's why we need Medicare for all/Single payer. Think of it as a go fund me account that we all pay into and get care when we need it!
@SenToomey US spends more per capita on healthcare than any country, w inferior results. We need #MedicareForAll. http://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2017/04/20/524774195/what-country-spends-the-most-and-least-on-health-care-per-person …
Medicaid helps ppl. Pentagon spndg > 50% of discretionary spndg. U don't demand a Pentagon audit/don't know what happens 2 billions. Shame!
your argument would hold more weight if the money you were cutting weren't going to tax cuts for the wealthy.
How about reforming your benefits! We paid into to this and for you to take it is nothing short of the largest Ponzi scheme in history!
So, you take away Medicaid because you want to save money? How about lowering Congressional salaries for a start?
Oh, no. It might cost money to take care of people?!? How ever will we print it???
So, where are you gonna celebrate the 4th? Love to discuss this in person. I can bring friends @TuesdaysToomey .
So if food suddenly costs 10% of my budget, you're saying I should just cut it and starve to death? These are PEOPLE'S LIVES, @SenToomey.
You have been invited to meet with folks who are at ground level re medicaid, but issue thie type of horse manure w/o meeting them. Why?
Gosh, if only there were a better model somewhere. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_the_healthcare_systems_in_Canada_and_the_United_States …
But just cutting it and running away isn't the answer. Coward.

So much for pro-life you hypocrite.  You're supporting people dieing because they are poor.  Christian in name only
And giving a tax break to the top 1% will fix this? Stop lying to the public
but the bill you wrote in secret doesn't fix any Medicaid, just guts it. Hold a town hall and defend your bill in public!
"no changes to Social Security & Medicare"
I'll see you at your town hall, we can discuss it, I'm a nurse practitioner taking care of the Medicare patients
Maybe you should pay for your own health care??? You make enough money senator
& military is 16%, VA adds another 4%[Category's share of all 2015 spending includ. both discretionary and mandatory spending] #DeathPanel
You were elected to fix problems not just cut the program and make it disappear. Show some courage
I will not be voting for you, you do not care about people and your health care plan is a violent assault on millions of people
With your fake 3%growth this would not happen.
Also not giving tax breaks to millionaires & corporations would get this to actually go down.
Then do single payer.  It is cheaper, you have a healthier workforce, health would improve overall, and your save money.
So figure out a one payer system that works and let America finally have healthcare . And NOT one that feeds billionaires
I could agree if the money you are cutting were going to reduce defecit or debt or a more pressing need.  But not for tax cuts.
Tax cuts for billionaires is not worth taking health care from children and vets.
You aren't reflecting any constituents and have promoted a lie. Don't use your position to endanger our healthcare and rights.
I agree changes need made but having a child on the spectrum with juvenile arthritis, without Medicaid we can't afford his treatments #think
and military spending takes up the majority of the budget, but we really need tax breaks for the richest; get a grip, man and think about US
so you decide to kill them. Great move. That will get people off medicaid quick. Please move to another state. You're embarrassing PA.
This librarian wants to see your sources. My undergrads have to back up such claims with authoritative, accurate, unbiased, timely sources.
Home much is military wastespending on the budget? Do we really need more nukes?
So is Trumps golf weekends and his billing taxpayers for his business. You going to reform that problem?
Bull shit. We can give billions in aid to other countries. We can support your salary. We can find Medicaid for all.
No care is not better care. It's incredible the lack of empathy you have for constituents & Americans who need healthcare to survive.
Or we could spend less on our military?
Maybe if pharma and hospitals and insurance companies didn't pay corrupt pols like yourself so much $ costs wouldn't be so high.
I wrote this article on he beneficiaries of this crappy system.
You have something more important to spend the budget on rather than healthcare for Americans?
Or you could do something to control costs instead of just cutting benefits. But that would piss off your true constituents.
Look at you with your fake graph. We see through your lies. Listen to us, no one wants your death care bill! Single payer. #SaveOurCare
Health CARE, not health insurance. Medicare/aid for all.
Spend more on health, not less. 10% isn't enough.
Not a reason, only an excuse. You're motivated by greed vs. concern for all constituents, especially those less fortunate. Un-Christian sir!
cut some defense
Not nearly as much as the military. Sell your lies somewhere else.
We need IMPROVEMENTS - more money & better care, NOT CUTS!
This needs done work with the president Trump
Much cheaper if we're dead. Got it.
Pricing out working people - forcing them out - is not a responsible way to reform it.
You are an unsustainable Repuke. Wish it was less but 5 years and you will be sitting at home watching how you destroyed this country!
Can't wait to vote you out of office.  Meanwhile, do your homework and stop misleading your constituents.
What about military spending?
Taking people's healthcare away to fund a tax cut to the rich isn't reform. People's lives are more important than rich people's bank accts
Why don't you just say "cut" instead of "reform"? Your stat sounds about appropriate to me given the other nonsense you waste our money on.
Health care costs overall are an unsustainable trend. Medicaid is a symptom.  Fix the cause by curbing the outrageous drug costs.
If this insurance plan is as good as u claim. Add rider to it that all of congress is covered by same plan.
Pants on 
Ur legacy one of the cruelest bills ever written they're waiting
No No No No No No. This is not better care. This is harmful to women, children & the poor just to give tax cuts to the rich #STOP #SAVEACA
Then end the greed in healthcare by reshaping it entirely #SinglePayerHealthcare saves money for all involved and people don't die
Single payer would help!  My gosh, it works well everywhere else
No it is not if you fund it. Apparently your priorities are tax cuts for uber rich, big pharma & ins co's--not kids, poor & old
Medicaid helps those who need it most -  the impoverished, seniors, & ppl w/ disabilities. Reagan would be ashamed of Repubs.
maybe we need less military adventurism?
Aside from the sugar deal with Mexico (way to pick a good one), what harmful ideas have you opposed that this unfit President wants to do?
Explain to us why this admin is more concerned about our voting records than the Russian interference in the election. Slimier by the day
Could you stop lying? At least for the weekend???  What time is the Koch Bros private plan picking u up?  #ToomeyCare #TrumpCare #KochCare
Why does #trumpcare kick 22 million off insurance in the middle of an opioid epidemic? Why will you vote for it?
The opioid crisis is straining the nation’s foster-care systems http://wapo.st/2twQHhy 
in what universe does letting people die reduce the cost of health care?  I'd rather pay for heroin addicts to get narcan than your salary
Why does @GOP want to cut taxes then? Do not cut taxes then more $$ would be available for funding Medicaid. Toomey makes no sense
The Medicaid spending is paid for by additional Medicare taxes on high earners and Net Investment Income Tax on high income investment inc.
You & your party are great at saying what's wrong. But, you NEVER put forth a workable solution 4 all. House & Senate bills are draconian.
Only because obstruction, obfuscation have been Republican mantra for many years. #HealthCare4All1st is responsible action, not current act.
When you have this much hate from the people you are supposed to represent, then maybe you should quit and give the job to someone deserving
You are ignoring the cause of this, which is that health care consumes 17% of the economy. Why can't you do something besides blame gov't
Stop lying. You want tax cuts for your benefactors. Your containers do not support #TrumpCare try listening to them. #RealPA
Toomey= 
Over 50% is military. Make just a few less tanks. Problem solved #Warmongers #sad
Expanding Medicaid further decreases a massive financial and adnin burden on business, and would mean a healthier, more productive workforce
Tax cuts for people who don't need tax cuts doesn't address the underlying causes of medical spending growth
Please focus on reducing the cost of care, not people's ability to pay for it.
You misspelled "cut", Pat.
Maybe it signals the need for a one payer system as most modern democracies offer their people. But no special interests won't allow it! Bad
Don't spend all of our taxes on the military save some for our healthcare. #homeofthebrave
SO FIX MEDICAID, BUT HANDS OFF OBAMACARE. Don't mix the two and STOP STEALING FUNDS TO GIVE A CUT TO THE RICH.
Do the right thing get it done!
. @SenToomey If avoiding economic catastrophe were truly your goal you wouldn't be coupling "Medicaid reform" with tax cuts. Try again.
Why do we need to reform Medicaid now? Medicaid spending makes up a tenth of the federal budget. It's an unsustainable trend. #BetterCare 
Your proposed solution is not a Solution. It is pushing costs to states. The question really is why is healthcare so expensive?
Sent from your hideout?
Your plan steals from the poor to pad the pockets of the rich
Letting your constituents die to give tax breaks to the rich is a immoral & un-Christian trend. "Sustainability" is a craven lie.
#babykiller #ProDeath #CINO #JesusWept
Then fix the GDP.  Make health ins, and coverage non profit. I don't know if I believe this graph is right. The last one I saw was a fake.
Red states need to be told, no opts our or exceptions on the ACA. This is mostly where they went wrong.  Insurance Co. must be on contract.
It needs to be expanded and the GOP needs to leave it alone. Trump needs to keep his promise. This would impact a lot of people negatively.
Because you want to give the #KochBrothers a tax cut. #TrumpCare = #NoCare time for a #ToomeyTownHall
If you want a healthy work force you give them healthcare. If you are heartless then you take it away. Very simple from  where voters stand.
You are heartless...
Healthcare should not be a for-profit enterprise. Costs go down for everyone in a Single Payer system #BetterCare
This is why we need single payer healthcare. #BetterCare
You are unsustainable.  Repeal/replace Toomey.
An unsustainable trend is how you keep getting reelected. Your ideas are bad and you follow corrupt premiers.
Literally nobody, not even the crazy folks who voted for you, wants this bill. So what are you doing?
You're just trying to justify your behind-closed-door meeting.. we're watching u and will continue to watch you.. Pa does not have your back
so you and @SenBobCasey are going to sit down and have a conversation about the real effects of this bill?
No, sir, tax breaks for those earning over a million dollars a yr is unsustainable!
Can't you feel the shift in mood?
Warren Buffett agrees!
Do you even have a heart??
The truth is that you have NO workable plan other than dumping your CONSTITUENTS to get $$ for your billionaire friends- all u care about!
WHAT exactly do u propose 2 deal w/ the increasing #s of autistic kids-besides sending them 2work, that is? Plus these damn aging people...
Hey Pat, Stop trying to Make #TrumpDoesntCare happen. No one believes your BS. I suggest reading Social Media, your email and listen to VM
Should we make 7 year olds w/ autism get jobs that provide insurance?How about elderly in nursing homes-kick 'em out of their beds??!!
How can you claim to be pro-life when you trade human lives for dollars in rich people's pockets? 19041
Funny thing @SenToomey. Here in 19063 I have the same question for you! It seems like a lot of your constituents have this same question.
Here's the thing,"Senator"-u can slash at $$ avail,but disabled kids&adults, elderly in nursing homes will still b here!Should we kill them?
Which is it-it's actually increasing (per only your BS),or it's too high&you want 2 cut back?Make up your mind re how you want to BS people
How about addressing medical costs which are going up instead of just cutting funds for the poor & disabled
It's strange to me how our military spending percentage of the budget is dandy for you but helping others afford healthcare is just TOO MUCH
Really Pat??? Honestly   Stop talking to fox voting party lines and how about facing us at a town hall -
Fox isn't doing u any favors
With Dems improve OC and solve medicare problems.
Don't do something, just to do something. Millions need ACA.
Don't repeal it...improve it.
There's no source associated with this chart
Maybe you can raise taxes a teensy bit on the wealthy? I know you worked so hard for that money but lots of people work hard for nothing.
How about this fix, take ppl who don't deserve it (I know of ppl who lied to get) Overhaul ppl on it now you WILL find violators use that $$
Respectfully disagree with your position Mr. Toomey.  Can't just cut spending without addressing underlying issues.  18069.
We really need to replace you. Stop kissing Trumps orange ass
Cutting Medicade which supports so many women, children, elderly, and poor is NOT the answer.  You are an abomination to your constituents.
YOU DO NOT REPRESENT THE PEOPLE OF PENNSYLVANIA!
@SenToomey here's you w/ @AlexLemonade. Until there are cures, kids w/ cancer need #Medicaid & #ACA. #ProtectOurCare
So your answer is to take the funds from Medicare and give them to millionaires and billionaires???
How does that help? Please explain...
We have to reform a system that demeans the worker in order to reward the shareholder. If people had good jobs, they could pay.
You are a money-hungry, "me first", Pennsylvania embarrassment.
I have a better question... Why do we need Pat Toomey? 
it's not "better care" if you just cut it; also, somehow Medicaid isn't affordable, but massive tax cuts for millionaires are. try again
Or letting the military just lose track of 10 TRILLION DOLLARS with no oversight. Yep let's give them more money! Yippee! Freedom bombs!
I have zero problem with that, is the thing. Keeping each other healthy isn't an extravagance, because we live in a society.
@SenToomey How will you replace $ for #Medicaid-reimbursed special ed services, as you give tax cuts to the wealthy?
@SenToomey So no $ for #Medicaid, but there's $ to give tax cuts to rich. Can they limit spending so ppl can live?
Only if you insist on pouring $ into "the war on terror" and other capitalist sinkholes. Gosh, I dunno, endless war or $ for well-being?!
Then make healthcare affordable so all can obtain preventative healthcare instead of only treatment; it will lower costs later.
Tax cuts for the top 2% are unsustainable.
Just stop... you can't spin this and make people believe it's beneficial... work on a bipartisan single payer system!
