We voted for Trump not Sessions. Trump was loyalty to Sessions but Sessions didn't return the loyalty. We need our president to govern
Not be the subject of a witchunt. Sessions family isn't being harassed. Maybe he needs to rethink what he's doing to the American people.
Omg tweet after tweet you are getting slammed! Doesn't that tell you something! Resign!
Keep up the diversion #skinnytoomey
They should be fired immediately!  We're paying these criminals with our tax dollars.
Donald Trump represents the people who voted for him and you represent us in the Senate. This witchunt must end.
HE CAVED TO DEMOCRATS JUST TO GET CONFIRMATION & KICKED POTUS TO THE CURB! WE ARE FED UP WITH SENATE & NEED NEW LEADERSHIP!
You support Sessions, but are forgetting the people of Pennsylvania. Do the right thing!
Your statement should tell DJT if he messes with the Russia probe there will be hell to pay. Support for Sessions not enough
People lives above party
All activities because of hate and fear of the other. Stop trying to fix the symptoms w/solutions that don't work & only enrich the few.
Sessions is a solid guy with a great track record however it seems at best that he is "reluctant" to directly challenge the Establishment
Curious why you believe a man deemed unfit to serve as a Federal Judge is an acceptable AG—especially one proven to have lied under oath!
We find ourselves in the odd situation where Jeff fucking Sessions stands between us and the failure of the republic.
Your boss doesn't agree! What ya gonna do about coward?

"Skinny repeal” would unravel the individual market, exacerbate affordability issues critics are trying to address. http://spr.ly/60108s7vQ  
Not a surprise, you never support Trump.  You forget we voted for him Rino.
No, he is not. His agenda is blatantly racist and if you support it, I guess that means you are as well. Hmm? Disgraceful.
MCCONNELL TOO TRADITIONAL IN A VERY "NON-TRADITIONAL" WORLD NOW! NEED NEW BLOOD TO LEAD! HOW ABOUT A CONSERVATIVE? ENOUGH ELITES!
Jeff Sessions is a bigot and is returning to Jim Crow days/policies of Southern states.  BUT if Trump fires him, Trump should be impeached
I don't agree that Sessions is doing what we want but I don't think Trump should fire him or he should be IMPEACHED
You are just unbelievable.
Now how about standing up for America and vote no show the tyrant he can't bully anyone. Visit nursing homes our parents deserve better care
Hi Sen. T, thought you could use this since you & your party refuse to demand accountability from this administration. YW.
TY Senator. I also support him. He's areal good man.
You carefully worded this one. This is a wimpy response senator.
SURE, YOU DON'T MIND HE SCREWED POTUS! Even if he RECUSED RUSSIA, WHY ANYTHING TO DO WITH HILARY CLINTON? WHAT IS CONFLICT THERE?
All of these "read my statement" tweets without you holding an open in-person town hall sound like "talk to my hand". PA deserves better.
Cut funding for our parents needing care and u will be remembered as the New Deplorable Party who crowned Trump King of the DEPLORABLES.
How about standing up to the embarrassment of a president than standing up for sessions
PS pay no attention to the vile liberal trolls on here, they never did and never will vote for you but Trump supports did.
Do you support his effort to investigate affirmative action? If so, forget my vote.
Jeff Sessions is a racist, sexist _ _ _ _ who shouldn't have anything to do with the DOJ.
Birds of a feather flock together!  Too bad you can't be so supportive of your constituents & their need for affordable good healthcare!
I keep calling your office, urging you not to repeal the aca.  I already know you won't do what's right.  I'll keep calling all the same.
ACA is killing everyone's healthcare not to mention bankrupting our country.
Then improve it
Do u support prosecuting the criminal Clintons, Rice & others for unveiling, Comey for leaking and perjury,...? then tell Sessions about it.
Grow some balls! Stand us for your constituents! Be the man! Dump Trump! MAGA!
He's a racist and trying to take the country backwards, not a credit. #youreanembarrassment
I can't wait to vote for your opponent. Again!
Lol -  Are you going to ACcEpT Trumps decision to replace him?
Look out Jughead,. Donnie is warming up the bus
I don't like Sessions, but I object to Trump throwing him under the bus. You Reps need to grow some balls and stand up to @realDonaldTrump!
Russia, Russia, Russia. All the inane behavior is to deflect from Russia.
it is about time you did something that was American - what you should say to Trump is - I WILL WORK TO IMPEACH YOU AND VOTE FOR IMPEACHMENT
Hey you #SpinelessCoward,  pretty bad when Sessions has more backbone than you. Cant stand him either, but he is buff compared to you!
tell it to Trump and show some guts
Can't wait to see Toomey harrassed by Trump like DT does to Sessions. Toomey would not be able to take it.
TOOMEY I am your constituent and I am calling you a liar! AG Shapiro speaking out also!
Don’t be fooled by talk about a special “opioid” fund – these proposals don’t come close to covering what towns here in PA need. 8/
Oh, cool. So you still suck. Koch bros must be very proud.
he lied about russia! Fire his ass!
How about stand up and support the people of PA! I can't believe you were voted in again. Disgusted.
The President's humiliation of AG Sessions is an utter disgrace!  
@HertzJonathan
try standing up to the potus then.  How do any of you GOPers sleep at night? #DonTheCon is a raving lunatic – do something!
That you believe this is sad for you and a tragedy for those you represent.
@SenToomey This is how cancer patients are treated by @GOP.  Would like your thoughts.
Saw this guy mocking a woman who had cancer & relies on protections under the ACA for healthcare. 

Started filming. He stormed off. 
If your going to be Trumps monkey this will make him unhappy
Yes for white wealthy healthy cisgendered males like yourself. Not so much for everyone else. #WednesdayWisdom
K
Ohhhh... you are standing up to big bad Trump? Showing backbone? How about standing up FOR citizens of PA and stop your healthcare massacre?
You support him even though he no longer has favor from your king?
You have got to be kidding me. Ur a trump follower. I vote, I will vote in 2018

He's a criminal who committed purjury.  You're always party over country.  You're why America is in decline #ToomeyCare #OwnIt
Bragging about taking maternity care away from thousands of Pennsylvania women. Seems a little to proud to take it away. Coward.
Bovine escrement
Your President is off the rails! DO SOMETHING!!!
Look at you - finally not siding with him. Now how about healthcare that will be helpful not harmful
Fek off Toomey greedy SOB
Your endorsement means nothing!

Please try try to talk some sense into Trump . He is self destructing and the GOP. Very dangerous positions by Trump on AG
Act against the orange menace. This is serious stuff. Put down your agenda and investigate #TrumpRussia Silence in endorsement #TrumpFail
Jeff prefers Jim Crow laws & an imprisoned population. Nice friends you have. Stop grandstanding on Twitter  & hold a Philly Town Hall.
Translation: I'm not invested in industries that exploit immigrants. 
Except private prisons. 
No money for me, no money for them.
You will be voted out of office for destroying access to healthcare. Shame on you and all the Republican vultures
Your track record tweeting and your similar comments on Facebook aren't winning you any friends or supporters! Why don't u keep quiet
Would your office be so kind as to share the data supporting this stance? Oh jk this isn't based on anything and is just fearmongering.
It is shameful for a sitting president to criticize an AG for recusing himself, especially at a Boy Scout Jamboree.
This statement should be beneath you. Sessions and Trump both need to go.
OK, so you only serve the Kochs and not Trump, although you were content to ride his coattails to your razor thin re-election. Got it.
Senator, please stop misrepresenting sanctuary cities. You are supposed to represent several.
Enjoy being Senator now, because we the people are going to make sure that it doesn't last long. Traitor to your Constituents 
Do you believe the rule of law applies to everyone, including POTUS?
If Trump fires JS or tries to have Mueller removed, do you support impeachment?
He's rather beleaguered.  Committing perjury will do that.
Shame on you!
So, do you still support Trump as well?  What are your thoughts on Russian interference or do you think that is all just fake news?
Jeff Sessions is a racist mockery of what our AG should be.
Toomey is just a lapdog for the right with not an independent thought in his head.
No worries Pat. You will be voted out next fall. Enjoy while you can.
Two pieces of shit from the same toilet bowl
Shame! Sessions is a liar. You should start listening to your constituents and remember that you are supposed to be OUR VOICE!
So what if Toomey supports Sessions. The problem is in the White House and Toomey supports Trump. Trump is a very sick man.
OMG. You have spent *zero* time in Alabama, where I've got family. They wouldn't let him become a federal judge he was so f-ing racist.
And you are a money grabbing tool of the Koch empire.
I hope you support Sessions. Otherwise you would look like a turncoat. Wait. Turncoat, join the real cause.
You're lower than a snake.
Loser Toomey,
no one has said Sessions is leaving except leakers and MSM.
Step down Senator. The country needs men with spine.
Good to know you're for civil asset forfeiture. Congratulations on being part of the problem and being as spineless as i predicted.
Sessions is a creepy bigot. But he did the right and lawful thing.
Just when I thought you couldn't be more of a joke you come out in defense of that racist Keebler elf. No offense to Keebler elves.
People want fair processes at the DOJ and leakers to be held accountable. Can AG Sessions deliver that for us?
your latest embarassment is the health care vote.  YOU HAVE TOP NOTCH TAXPAYER FUNDED HEALTH CARE!
You support his fascist fixation on seizing the private property, often / usually cash, of American citizens without trial or even charges?
Did you defend Trump as thoroughly as you are doing for Sessions now
Jeff Sessions has made movements to overturn communities and increase the violence within them. I agree that you support that.
NOT a fan of AG Jeff Sessions, and will be happy if trump fires him! Annoying li munchkin!
Barf
You're ok with civil forfeiture?
Well, what are you doing about your president, while he has Sessions twisting in the wind?
I cried today at your vote & you smugly just carried on & voted to ruin lives! How do you sleep at night? I won't sleep tonight worrying!
Tell my granddaughter U R gonna make her a pre-existing condition 4 the rest of her life.at a town hall.look into her eyes &vote NO U coward
Hi senator. You should meet with your constituents face to face to discuss your bromance with Sessions.
Support the voters of Pennsylvania and stand up and vote NO to repealing Obamacare.
You are doing a horrible, horrible job.
A white old racist defending another white old racist. How...shocking.
You would support racist Jeff Sessions.
You are NO CREDIT to PA and I'm ashamed your are the senator. Not because of my vote.
No one deserves to be bullied and berated publicly. Time for Republicans to stand up to POTUS. Constituents are watching.
You've abandoned your constituents , country and conscience long ago. Too little too late.
Well, we don't want him to leave (Mueller) but he's only doing good for WHITE MEN. Everyone else is second class citizen- or less.
I agree with you however there never should have been a special council. Expanding looking for a crime. I feel POTUS frustration. Back POTUS
Well, since you put it on Twitter it must be meaningful. PS. Statements are useless without actions of support. Fax this to the president.

Crook
Sessions is a bigot! That's why you like him.
I agree with you but don't forget you would not have won without Trump supporters in pa I'm sorry but it's true support trump!
I hope a spider lays eggs in your ear
This made my day.
He doesn't listen to us anyway what's he need his ears for
what will you do when trump fires him?
Just one more item on which you are completely out to lunch.  You are such a disappointment.
You haven't fooled the people of Pennsylvania. You're just another Trump lackey with no original thoughts and no concern for the people.
Since when does the DOJ promote racism? Because he has a lifetime record of that 
This is almost as big of a joke as you are!!!!
What will you do when Trump fires Mueller? Will you cower behind closed doors or will you stand up and impeach Trump?
You should have supported your constituents instead and voted no on ACA repeal. We will vote you out.
I would rather read #MrsKing's letter about #Sessions tyvm.
Because nothing upholds liberty and pursuit of happiness quite like marijuana crackdown and increasing asset  forfeiture.
Wow in no way do you represent any belief I hold...your undying love for 45, sessions, and repealing ACA is disgraceful
Really? If so then help to free the US from this tyranny called Trump.
Every Sen.that fails the country during this time of crisis will always be remembered as enabler in it's destruction. Sen Toomey ur legacy?
Jeff Sessions is not raising enough stink about CORRUPTION in congress.
if u feel so strongly about Sessions why aren't u commenting on your Presidents attack on the man u so admire?
I agree wholeheartedly, as earlier today I dropped a line to the WH expressing these same concern.
Read history, Phia & PA was founded by TOLERANT Quakers . It's not 'worst', but is the first and best sanctuary city!! Don't dis our roots.
Every day you prove what a horrible Senator you are for PA and the USA!
No.  He's a tool, much like you, but he belongs at DOJ so it'll be easier to arrest him once Manafort dimes him out.
Neo-confederate perjurer Jeff Sessions is reinstating the racist counterproductive war on drugs. Utterly immoral - good for CoreCivic stock.
The president will throw all of you under the bus Patrick. Get a CLUE!
Trump fires at. Better get ready for impeachment, because trump will go after ass!t Ag, then Mueller. Saturday night massacre
Enough with your tweets!  You lost ALL and ANY creditability you might have had.  No one wants to hear what you have to say now except you!
Sessions is a POS just like you.
Find me one constituent who places any value in any statement you make.
Political tribalism, nothing more. Anyone paying attention would realize that the actions of Sessions are not congruent with these outcomes
He is a racist fossil
It is disappointing to watch you support a racist and homophobic AG (who is also a liar). A slap in the face to many of your constituents.
So let's remember this: Pat Toomey, cool with perjury.
Disgraceful.
I had rather have Hillery in jail than Jeff Sessions as AG
Could you be any less representative of your constituents? You have let us down over and over and you ignore overwhelming concerns.
Your and your GOP colleagues are a scourge on our nation. Sessions is implicated in the Russia scandal and lied during confirmation. #shame
Years to Black and White harmony all of us working together for a few hateful men to come together with a vision of 1919 politics.
The reference to the red summer of 1919 is powerful. Toomey would not recognize though.
But you'll stand blindly by and do nothing like the rest of the GOP. Bought and sold

Good to know u stand w/a known racist, liar, and Russian colluder. Now I have no doubt abt ur lack of character. Shame on you, Toomey.
Well at least you got the crazy cat lady part correct.
He cant even talk to Trump about Russia..Handicapped DOJ...Half a DOJ...Mr Sessions, nice but wrong fit for Me Trump.
#theCowardToomey's gonna look pretty silly when Trump fires Sessions and he's stuck backing the oligarchist. 5th column much?
Agreed! Mr. President, if you're reading this, get off of Mr Sessions's case. He's been very loyal. #impeachmcconnel
Your "Dear Leader" is coming unglued, Sessions will be first. Your statement fails to take the President's dangerous pathology into account.
He never deserved 2B AG but for sure he doesn't deserve 2B fired because of "loyalty" issues to POTUS. Not a "credit" but still...
Stand up to this shameful president.  Remember who you are representing.
Sadly, he remembers : It's his donors he represents. Koch brothers are among them, right Toomey?
