Please schedule several other meetings while you have the upcoming break. 5p Thursday leaves most people unavailable. 
I missed this call.
Tele-Town Hall???  please senator.....   guess it is easier than facing live people.  Plus, you can cherry pick softball questions
that's the best you can do? A tele-town hall? Sorry. Not good enough.  Town hall meeting.
Man up and look your constituents in the eye.  Stop hiding!!!!
Have some courage...hold a town hall. Your constituents have concerns, maybe you could listen.
Recall Pat Toomey!
You arent Donny. You cant just expect people to see something in two hours on twitter. You have 14 RTs. Fooling none.
he's a coward, listen live and submit ?. No thanks Patty, will work for your ouster in 6 yrs.
These are worthless. You only take softball questions. If you really think your views are legit, stop hiding and face your constituents.
laughable if it weren't so atrocious. You should read the responses of those you "represent". Town hall is held in a town hall
Awesome that you could control the questions.  What a guy!
Why don't you schedule something when people aren't at work. You will be PRIMARIED! #JohnFetterman2022
This is not a town hall.  Why are you afraid to meet with you constituents face to face?
Resign!--go home!--useless clone!
Coward.
Why not meet in person? #coward
What a coward!  You will be voted out when your term is over.  #TrumpLackey #NotMySenator #RESISTANCE
1) Senator, this is unadulterated BS.  Have the fracking courtesy 2 provide ur constituents with sufficient lead time.
2) Tele-Town Halls give you control over questions asked
3) The out of state donors & PACs can join and provide you with soft-ball questions
Tele-Town Hall = COWARD
Dear Junior Senator, please have a real town hall like Casey has.
#disappointed
More notice, please? How about 7pm?
love in the face of hate. Your lies and greed sadden us all.
2 hr heads up? Can you do better next time?
Less than two hours notice AND at a time when most people are in transit.  What a brave, bold maneuver.  You're amazing, Pat!
Lol! 
1hr 50min lead time for a town hall?! Are you kidding me?!
The Republican party has become a defacto dictatorship in America. Changing senate rules and redistricting, the tip of the iceberg.
You are a dishonest man
SenatorCasey has a town hall in Pittsburgh this weekend. How about a real townhall for all questions by all constituents.
2 hours twitter-only notice of this one-sided event is disingenuous. Also, folks can't respond if you control questioning. Who attended?
Had this been recorded in any fashion? I would like to hear it, if possible.
AKA u continue to be a giant wimp and not actually show up to face those who gave u ur job
I still have 5 questions to be addressed. You'll be off for 2 weeks. Have in person meeting in Allentown
no in person...town halls?
You don't listen to us.. and that's clear #trumpminion
Too much of a COWARD to hold an in person town hall
We're tired of listening to you, @SenToomey.  When is your turn to shut up and listen?
Oh awesome! Another one of your BS pre-screened town halls. You're a JOKE!
I'd like to see the transcript of your town hall. I submitted questions and would like to hear your answers to what I submitted.
At 5 PM your constituents are either still at work or commuting back home. This time is not acceptable for a town hall.
Why not hold some live town hall with real Pennsylvanians. You know, the people you should be representing. Coward is to kind. Chickenshit.
tele town halls are a waste of time. We don't get to challenge your @GOP lies and rhetoric. Be a man and meet with us in person.
We have zero fucks to give about you or your fake Town Hall.
Honestly, I can't imagine how you live with yourself unless you lie to yourself as my typo gave me that "Aha!" moment. #DoYourJob for us
Bipartisan work a couple of years ago? You can't rest on that laurel! Go on burning down America since you have 6 years. #DoYourJob
I hope you remember this day. You are only there to line your pockets and vote party lines. #Judgegarland deserved a hearing & (R)'s said NO
Too afraid to show up in person?  You're a meat puppet for Putin/Trump.  The people of PA can see you and hear you #GOPLiesMatter
You do get to overrule the SC... it's called checks and balances and you know you can write amendments.  #DoYourJob
2 hour notice for a listen and submit online session during rush hour.  You sir, are a coward.  Either do your job or quit.
Democrats haven't been given the opportunity to participate and YOU KNOW THAT!  #DoYourJob
Bureaucracy is great unless it doesn't benefit you and your donors!  #DoYourJob
So you get premium healthcare at no cost to you, but for everyone else it's all about personal responsibility while your vote is bought!
They bitch no matter what Senator.  Laugh at it like I do 
Apparently you don't understand overwhelming evidence, #trickledown doesn't work!  You are as bad as @realDonaldTrump with your lies!
Lie down w/dogs and you'll get fleas, but I guess w6 yr guarantee, you don't care. If @realDonaldTrump is found to be traitor #complicit
So it doesn't matter if @realDonaldTrump is a criminal and traitor?  You say he gets to continue to do the job until your "investigation"?
guess you are afraid to meet constituents in person.
You're such a gun nut that you are willing to put guns in the hands of the mentally ill.  Nice answer!  Nice guy!  #DoYourJob
Liar! You sold our internet privacy rights!  #DoYourJob Doesn't matter if it's late, you sold us out!
When have you voted against @realDonaldTrump?  You have not!  Criticism is pointless and you were NOT sent to be a critic #DoYourJob.
The American PEOPLE overwhelmingly voted against your guy & you still think it was appropriate to hijack the Supreme Court nom?  #DoYourJob
Tele-Town  hall is a cop out! What are you afraid of?
Glad you could tweet up a storm today about your terrible choices, but will continue to hide from in person meetings w constituents #coward
Politicians should LISTEN not talk at constituents
An actual in person town hall would be much appreciated. Don’t be scurred.
You need to take un-screened calls; otherwise, it's a waste of time.
Why bother listening in, controller questions. When are you hosting a real town hall, we're waiting
#NoGorsuch
Tele-town hall meetings? Have an actual meeting where you don't get to prescreen the questions. This is a waste of our time!
 Quit  being  a  pussy 
How about a live townhall where we can see you face to face?
Chickenshit!
We want a real Town Hall.
Can not face the public in person? So what "tech issues" are planned? Coward
What's the fucking point? You will talk only to those who agree with you. You will ignore how badly GOP treated Garland & how BAD Gorsuch is
For women, POC, and the nation. You control who gets to have a question answered, there's no back & forth when you LIE your ass off and
And spout inaccurate information that the GOP uses for taking points. Teletown halls are absolutely useless for communication bc it's 1 way.
It makes it seem like you are "representing" your constituents but you aren't. Show up in person at a real town hall or resign!
Coward
Not good enough. #coward
Because you are still too much a a coward to face real live poeple I suppose. #resisttoomey #cowardtoomey
listen up my fellow Pennsylvanians....this senator is a coward & a fraud
"Tele-Town" hall means @SenToomey, as most other republicans in congress, is a coward & unwilling to face us
Coward
thanks for the two hour notice asswipe
Nice work NUKING these left wing obstructionist moonbats!! You are following through on Trumps agenda like you were voted in to do thx
Are you holding an actual town home when you are home for Easter break?
U have failed as r representative! U r affraid to meet us in person, u support corporations over constituents,  u support the wealthy not us
Why are you such a tool? #ToomeyTheTool
What you did to Garland and your vote today changed Senate forever, yet you blame Dems.  Do you ever take responsibility, or r u like Trump?
you're still afraid to face your people in public
Did you vote for the #NuclearOption ?
Pruitt, Sessions lied at their hearings.  Price profited from unethical stock trades.  Devos bought her position. Explain your votes!
Go face-to-face. Have some courage.
Are you afraid of us #RealPA? Tele-Town Halls are for cowards. Prove me wrong & tell us why #NuclearOption is appropriate given #TrumpRussia
An in person townhall would be better.
::eyeroll::
Question:. You ran saying you would be a check on whichever president we have.  So far you are 100% trump....Will this ever  change?
@FontainePGH and how many calls will you actually take this time? 
Wow look at that, didn't take long for the ppl to catch on to this scam huh. It's a new game now Pat, the 40% who didn't use to care do now!
And u can thank #TrumpRussiaCoverUp for that. Those that put party first will be the first to go, aka u

#byebyetoomey
Please explain why you feel internet privacy is unimportant, and then follow-up with how much money you have taken from Comcast.  Thanks!
Is this going to be like your twitter account, where you spew your well-spun but ethically dubious talking points at us?
COWARD
Smart, do it by phone where u can pick the questions in advance and the ppl can't voice their displeasure. U coward #byebyetoomey
Your twitter diatribe about the Gorsuch vote blaming Ds & absolving Rs was baseless & insulting. You owe it 2 your constituents 2 do better.
Sorry, i do not talk on the phone and drive. Some of us have real JOBS. townhall Saturday??????????????????
Everyone hop on your phone while in traffic & driving as you are leaving work on way to daycare & home #compassion
How does it feel to be worthless Pat?
Nice 2 hour notice. I could submit questions but I already know you won't answer them.

"I'll only answer questions that don't question why I suck as a Senator & don't have the grapes to meet face-to-face with my constituents."
Yeah, not an actual town hall though, coward
I really hope you get a computer virus and a real life virus.
"i'll answered some pre-screened questions, most of which are softballs submitted by staffers"
there, fixed it for you
Thanks for the head's up.  Clearly you do not respect your constituency.

We won't forget.
Who is vetting the questions @SenToomey ? Hiding behind a computer so you can cherry pick the questions instead of REALLY meeting w/voters!
You are disgraceful.
Sorry, gov't contract won't allow me to install Flash Player or be home in time for this. Please address Merrick Garland hypocrisy.
Pat. Pat. Pat. No good, these telephone things.
I Tele-care, come talk to us, face to face, and plan something in advance, it is 3:00 for gosh sakes
Your staff should answer the phone and clear the voice-mail messages.
I just left a message again for #NoGorsuch on his voicemail
Thanks for the long two-hour advance notice, so I could make babysitting arrangements…
