Omg.  You have got to be insane.  Get the heck out.  Quit
Yes Comcast getting a huge tax cut after purchasing DreamWorks for  billions should really help lower my property taxes and pave my streets.
The only common sense way for this to work is by effectively removing the middle class to allow the 1% such as your self to get richer.
The fact that you and your social media team are so tone-deaf that you're barely discussing the healthcare issue is obscene. Get it together
Tax cuts didn't spur growth under George Bush. Tax cuts that cause local communities to assume more costs are not exactly a tax cut.
Please I'm begging u not to pass the healthcare bill as writtenI am in the flesh pre existing. Please don't vote yes just to please ur boss
@BV for you appropriate.. BlowVanator..
Shame on your party, Cowardly Toomey. You've proven with this healthcare bill none of you gives a damn about people.
You are bankrupting our country.   How did you pay for wars over the last 15 years?, Katrina?, Sandy?  Last time there was a balanced budget
They just need to stop giving terrorist money to rebuild the coutries we are at war with...they are only spending it to fight USA with
This country would save millionsTrillions even if we would stop doing that and stop paying congress all that money because they dont helpUSA
No I am not saying it is everyone up there in congress but some of them need to get there heads out their ass and work for us not against us
Your last statement is chilling. Just break budget rules and ignore deficit predictions. Trickle down economics killed our middle class.
Pat, could you at least pretend to care about people other than your rich donors?
You should raise4 taxes, cut the military and institute universal, government sponsored HEALTH CARE (not insurance).
While in your PGH office, go on downstairs to Nicky's, and ask how many trust that they will get coverage?  These are your constituents.
Bragging about tax cuts means that he can't wait to sign up for the health care bill since that's a huge tax cuts. Repeal and replace toomey
Love to see how much your tax cuts will benefit Trump, your donors.  Trump only paid taxes because of alt. Min. Which you want to cut.
Can't wait for CBO estimate? Is that fiscal responsibility? Why is the GOP risking our health and the economy, in ignorance?
Tax cuts for the rich only make them richer and does not create jobs!  The strategy has never worked and still won't!
Job growth is created by putting money in consumers pockets.  The more they spend, the more jobs will be needed creating more consumers, etc
republicans make deficits and then blame dems for them. It's been that way since the 80s. #repealandreplacetoomey
Let's not use forecasting or science for any reason that goes against what the GOP wants. Ur 1.7% win margin should pull you center for PA!
Tax cuts for your rich donors. We 'see' you. This will be your last term in the Senate.
I'm not seeing any "atta boy!" comments on this thread.
Why do you think that is?
Sure more $ for ur pocket huh Poker face Pat
Know what would really be pro-growth tax reform? Making wealthy pay fair share so we can finally afford things like infrastructure again.
NONONONO do not cut taxes until defecit is eliminated.  Our budget is backrupting the people.
Lol! Serving the top 2percent. Toomey Tuesdays need to continue!
Way to go Patsy give tax cuts to your rich friends yet it's still been years since you held the town hall you  coward
You're an idiot. Tax cuts for the rich do not promote growth. Only more stagnation and inequality. We've got 30 years of evidence. Debate me
You will secure unnecessary tax breaks for those who grew richer during the recession, on the backs of the elderly and sick.  #Proud?
This is a bad set of reforms. Stop trying to push it through. 15126
Vote NO on ACA repeal and get Trump to show his taxes We the People are tired of being jerked around!
Interested in meeting with me about Trumpcare? That's a rhetorical question. Do you know what that means?
By passing Trump care which is nothing more than a tax break for you?
You're such a hypocrite @SenToomey
No, sorry, this does not help #realPA. Trickle down theory doesn't work. How about you hold a town hall and prove us wrong?
Do you work for the millionaires or for #realPA?
Pat, let's get a breakdown on how much you save versus the average #realPA family.
Your op-ed argues that the models are wrong, but discounts history: this has been tried by Reagan and Bush and it didn't work! Idiot...
Undoubtedly the same old trickle-down bullshit they've been peddling since Reagan that hasn't worked yet. We all know what trickles down ...
You and your tax cuts for the rich can sod off. #RealPA is wise to your scam. How about holding a TOWN HALL to prove us wrong, hmmm?
I am your constituent and I vehemently oppose the health care bill.
Many economists, including prominent conservatives, do not agree with much of what you wrote.
Forgot 19090, Willow Grove  Pa voter, not paid. Did I miss something?
HOW IS THAT going to help everyday workers??? The only people getting jobs and raises are in Wall Street.
Healthcare comments please? Your own, the the official whitehouse crap?
Rubber stamp Toomey, u do anything for Trump. Very Reagan like, good 4 rich, in end bad for avg working stiff. Deficit spending, recession
Will you for once stand up for your voters instead of copy and paste from the white house.
Hypocrite!!! #realPA will not stand for ridiculous GOP giveaway to the rich! 17547
Does your op-ed addr. selling out children by voting for an inept, moronic Sec. of Ed. b/c she paid you? Pat, stop, you are an embarrassment
Trickle-down economics have been proven many times over to not work. I don't understand why you keep trying this route. Oh wait. Donors.
glad you have time to write op-eds. How about taking a break and meeting with your constituents?
Most critical question-- do you support the house healthcare bill? Sick Pennsylvanians want to know!!!
It's so clear all you care about is tax cuts for your donors. If you had held a town hall since 2015, you'd know PA know this about you.
Yup, the way to enrich the middle class is to give $$ to rich people to park in offshore accounts.  Makes perfect sense...
Trickle Down BS..
This does nothing for #realPA - stop pretending tax cuts for the wealthy help us. 19144
Hypocrite, when R's are in charge deficits aren't important.  When D's are in charge you scream that we are stealing from our grandchildren.
Oh. And pass with 51 votes.
In short. Tax cuts. And deficits don't matter anymore.
Toomey in his rich GOP bubble. Dude, I'm about to lose my healthcare. You are clueless Pat!
Senator, your predatory stance towards your constituents is baffling given your slim margin of victory.
You and I both know that the tax cuts you propose will only benefit your rich, out-of-state donors. How much did Koch Bros. contribute?
How much did the DeVos family contribute? And many more billionaires contributed who want you to help them gain even more wealth.
Have you not noticed that this is a new era? Your constituents are paying attention. We are educating ourselves. We are organizing.
Your lies won't go unchallenged. Your cruelty won't go unanswered. Your disrepect won't go unnoticed. 
PS 1 million more Ds than Rs in PA.
Do you have another op-ed on why you avoid your constituents? And your top 6 donors are wall street execs, is that in your op-ed? Town hall!
Sorry my health insurance is about to be taken away I can’t read your bullshit op-ed about cutting taxes for wealthy people right now
