You (GOP)wouldn't allow a Merrick Garland vote, hypocrites.
Glass houses senator.  That seat belongs to a democrat and you know it.  This wouldn't have happened if your party didn't do it first.
Plagerism is ok?
Merrill Garland appeared to be qualified.
not true. U did not do right thing today. U should have worked with Dems.  A true leader  would have done that.
Are you for real right now?!?!

#MerrickGarland #Toomeysucks
I can't say I look forward to hearing you reverse all your arguments once you're no longer in the majority
How about allowing Merrill Garland a vote Senator Hypocrite?
Sad day for women's rights and families.  Great day for insurance companies and the mega rich.
Where was Garland's vote? How do you expect us to take you seriously?
Recall Pat Toomey!
you are useless trump tool.
You seek to appease trump more than your constituents or the constitution, we'll remember this...
You had the option to bring a compromise candidate forward. You CHOSE not to. Nobody "forced" you to "Go Nuclear."
Remember Casey You can't trust him
Like Garlick?
remember when you wouldn't vote on Garland despite all the precedent breaking that did..? We do.
Garland? #hypocrite
@SenToomey - shame on you.
Merrick Garland
They will allow a better candidate a vote...
like the turtle, McConnell, hypocrite?
This is so hypocritical! What about Garland? You wouldn't even give the man a hearing.
They would have allowed Garland a vote if Republicans hadn't blocked it. This Pennsylvania voter does not approve Gorsuch for US SC. #ivote
Did you allow a vote for Merrick Garland?
I think you should replace the noun & verb w/ "Republicans" & "Garland" while looking at yourself in the mirror, you hypocrite.
You hypocrite!! You blocked a vote on Garland. Screw you.
Do you see the irony in what you say? Of course you don't, you're paid not to by not-your-constituents!
Sounds like what abusive men say: She forced me to treat her that way!
Isn't that convenient to say? He does NOT have my values and is a horrible choice. There are so many others who dint now to big business
Don't be a hypocrite!  WHO HELD UP VOTE FOR A YEAR!!!!!!!!!!
Pick up a dictionary and look up hypocrite. #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland
I'd like it if, instead of tweeting, you'd #DoYourJob and #ListenToYourConstituents for a change and do what we ask. #Gorsuchfilibuster
Pretty sure they were willing to allow a vote on Merrick Garland.
Do you have amnesia?! Your party didn't give Merrick Garland a hearing or a vote! Your party invented obstructionist politics!
Why did the Republicans not consider a vote on Garland, we will vote you out!trumps a 35% approval president should not consider his nominee
Stop. You did not listen to your constituents. You acted without any care to what the majority of your constituents wanted. #ashamedofyou
I see Mitch is dictating your tweets now, too. Rubber Stamp Toomey. You're a flat-out embarrassment. #PAdeservesbetter
Like you refused to vote on Garland????  Hypocritical much???
You are as big a fraud as TRUMP
Do what you constituents want not the Koch machine
#NoGorsuch
Do you need a memory jog? Vote for what is right instead of with the people that give "donation". HYPOCRITE
cool story, Senator
Wow that sounds familiar. It is sad how short your memory seems to be sir. I am disappointed in your comments about this.
@SenToomey So where was your voice when Americans wanted a hearing for Garland?
Just as you didn't allow Garland a vote.
what about Garland, the same could have been said. You are incredibly hypocritical
OMG You raging hypocrite!!! You and the whole @GOP denied Merrick Garland the courtesy of even a meeting. Your party broke the government
WRONG.. we just won't let a judge on a "list" given to #presidentashat that is preapproved by Corp - and a right wing idealogue. #jerk
STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what have you done for Pennsylvania lately???? NOTHING is the correct answer
Sounds like they are using the GOP playbook. How does it feel?
You do know we all have memories, right? Everything you say about this matter just reinforces your hypocrisy. We aren't idiots.
You can see into the future. Please send me the power ball numbers for Saturday. Your party is in a rush now but no SCOTUS for 8 mos. was ok
Agree.
You enjoy listening to yourself talk, but refuse to listen to anyone else. Enjoy your last term while you can.
who didn't let garland have a vote. Hypocrite!
Don't agree. You're inability to understand nuance astounds me. More likely, you're marching to someone else's orders.
Who appointed you spokesperson for the Democrats?
Your vote today confirms you are #ToomeyTheTool
Like you did with Garland?? My don't you have a selective memory!!!!
You sir are a hypocrite of the first order
You're right!  I mean, you conservatives all voted on Garland.  Oh...  Wait...
where's Garlands vote, you hack?
And y'all allowed Garland a vote? Didn't even think about voting! They at least did their job.
let's not speak of the 300 Plus times repubs filibustered last admin.  All are culpable for divisive congress.
No. #Gorsuch is so extreme that WHILE he was testifying, SCOTUS unanimously knocked down his 2008 disability ruling.We need a new candidate!
If it rains one day, it will never be sunny again. #ToomeyLogic #GOPobstruction
Too bad you wouldn't even listen to Garland some people don't forget that nasty move you supported
That's utter horseshit and you know it
Why don't you man up and face the facts that Gorsuch is not a qualified candidate. Why blame dems? @GOP doesn't break ranks when they should
You're on the wrong side of history again.  The people of PA can see and hear you, and your actions will be remembered #YourLastTerm
Time to drain the swamp of you.  You have shown your true colors.
You are wrong and an embarrassment to the position you hold. #NoGorsuch
You know who they would allow a vote?  Merrick Garland.  #DoYourJob
You wouldn't consider a SCOTUS nom in the last year of a term, why allow a vote when POTUS is under FBI investigation and may be impeached?
Oh look who's got something to say all of a sudden.... Confirm Garland then we'll talk.  Hypocrite.
#judgeGarland
You filibustered 69 of obama's judicial appointees. You're shameless
Kinda like when you and the GOP wouldn't give Garland a hearing??
Gee, that's novel. Republican leadership said same last year. Where have you been, sir!
Even if it wasn't stolen seat, he's an extremist in the mood of scalia, not a moderate. And a plagarist!
Sounds oddly like what happened to Merrick Garland... oh wait.
Bullshit, senator. Your team stole this seat from Obama and the president who is under investigation by 3 agencies for collision.
AND YOU DIDNT ALLOW Obama's pick.  Soooo sad!!
You lost all credibility with the Merrick Garland fiasco. We'll you in person if you crawl out from your hiding place and have a town hall.
you are unbelievable. MERRICK GARLAND
You mean like Obama last nomination?
You've made your allegiance to Trump's agenda clear. Pennsylvanians will remember in 2022. Enjoy the last term of your career.
I will be so happy when we ride your ass out of town on a rail.
What about that vote we didn't get for Judge Garland? Toomey answer your phone and listen to the voters you represent!
11/ if Republicans won't allow Judge Garland a vote, why should Judge Gorusch get a vote?
Be prepared to take a seat and hold your tongue when your party is on the losing side of the nuclear option in the future.
I can't wait to work hard for your opponent. Keep on being the worlds worst. It helps our cause.
Keep spreading these lies....remember 11 month gop filibuster.
MERRICK GARLAND enough said
In other words, they'd be like the Republicans and Garland. Way to go, hypocrite. Now good sell some more of my privacy to Comcast.
I seem to remember Republicans not allowing a vote on Merrick Garland.  Don't throw stones at glass houses!!
He had a vote Nov 8th and he lost
How many of your constituents asked you to vote against Gorsuch? Also you may seem more reliable if you spell the Judge's name correctly.
You wont listen to the people you represent.. How is this any different?
Ahem. Garland?  #hypocrite
This is a nomination by an illegitimate president. Nothing should be approved until we find out what really happened with #TrumpRussia.
Thank you for your support of Gorsuch
sounds exactly what the republicans did to Obama
Thread your tweets next time so they appear together
How to thread your Tweets together:
1) Send a Tweet.
2) Click "Reply" on that Tweet.
3) Delete your @ username and send a another Tweet.
I hope the Dems oppose each & every effort of the GOP/Trump. Never will I vote for a GOP candidate. You do not value working class people.
Lies, lies & more lies.
The republicans never allowed a vote for Garland. How is this different.
If the nominee were not at the far right end of the political spectrum, story would be different. John Roberts?
This vacancy could have been filled a year ago. It is the fault of the Republicans. You didn't give Merrick Garland a vote!
You must think we're pretty stupid but we weren't the one who voted for Trump or support his legislation. That's you.
So you say president in his last year can't appoint a justice but one under investigation for  treason? Yeah that's cool. #partyovercountry
He's got a stolen seat- you wouldn't let Obama have his due. You will come to regret this move
Remember #MerrickGarland
Apparently Toomey has forgotten Merrick Garland. I want to assure him that in this new political climate the Resistance will never forget.
Be consistent: @realDonaldTrump cannot nominate a Supreme Court Justice in the final year of his presidency.
Justice Garland asked me to say hi again.
Everyone must understand that @SenToomey embarrassed all of us in PA when last year he chose to not even meet with Justice Garland...SHAME
not true...probably every single democrat would have voted yea for a mainstream, non-radical justice...such as Merrick Garland
Can't believe the Republican BS after what you/they did to Merrick Garland.
That's fine. Given the @GOP growing Russia connection I want to fire the lot of you. Resign Pat! You're not welcome in PA anymore.
GARLAND!!! Hypocrite!!!
AND as if DC wasn't broken enough-now the Court is shaded gray as well; & guys not working together is how we ended up w/DT
You didn't give Merrick Garland a vote so don't act so outraged. You are an enthusiastic member of the party of "no." Reap what you sow.
It's classic game strategy. In a no-win scenario, prolong the game and hope your opponent makes a blunder.
You sir, are not allowed to claim fail when the GOP failed the to stand up for democracy w/Garland.
You must nominate and confirm Garland. If not, then you are not representing your constituency.
#Garland #Garland #Garland
fact you had nerve to twt this not only a hypocrite u r a fool to think this means a thing. How dare you think we are that ill-informed.
What a ridiculous comment ..
Gorsuch is a dangerous tool of dark money and the corporate state. Merrick Garland was the nominee that you and yours blocked.
I'm your constituent. Your party didn't allow consideration of Garland. This is not a viable argument and a dangerous direction to support.
This is a lie.
I can't believe you responded this way after shirking your duty to go through similar hearings with Garland. You are a fraud
Senator, I believe you were asked a question
Merrick Garland and Abe Fortas were denied.
MERRICK GARLAND
Shame on republicans. We are no longer living in a democracy because of your agenda.
MERRICK GARLAND
Imagine that-WE DON'T WANT HIM!  U R WRONG to change rules.  Pick another candidate and suck it up.  Everyone will be sorry for this change.
Funny when I tweet @BradSherman he sends message inviting me to his town hall. Too bad I live in PA & stuck w/ u, not 4 long #byebyeToomey
.@SenToomey If you have so much to say, hold a town hall & tell us in person.
Garland. Can't wait till you're up for election again! Wish we could recall you
merrick garland
Kinda like how you wouldn't allow any votes if any kind in 2013? Or if Merrick Garland. This rule Change sickens me. Shame on you.
What about Garland? You stole President Obama's and the American citizen's choice for SCOTUS! Sickening!
60 votes is not in the constitution, nor is guaranteeing a hearing for a nominee. Both are norms. Don't pretend you didn't break one first.
Won't allow a vote, or vote not to your liking?? They're entitled to vote NO, kind of how it works... @All100Senators
Hipocrite!!!! Why did you & GOP ignore Garland 4 over a year & vow 2 keep SCOTUS seat open if HRC won? Traitors 2 all Americans!!
Wait WHAT?  Where was the vote for President Obama's nominee?  WHY wouldn't YOU allow a vote THEN?  The Toomey dost protest too much.
You are a disaster
That's exactly what the GOP did last year with Merrick Garland. Or have you forgotten that?
Do you know the meaning of hypocrisy? MERRICK GARLAND. Your inane "reasoning" fools no one. I am disgusted to have you as senator. #realPA
just like your team vowed to not vote on any of hillary's nominees if she had won. fucking hypocrite.
/11 You have no credibility.
Q. How do you know if your constituents support Gorsuch since you are ignoring us?
Also:
1. You need a better explanation for invoking a hypothetical to justify ignoring Garland's nomination.
2. Learn to thread your tweets.
Your continuous need to put party over people is appalling. We do remember Garland.
U & the @GOP have proven to care about no - but YOU.Gorsuch is NOT moderate.He is not the best choice esp w trump under invest!
I can't believe ANY Senate Republican has the audacity to claim the moral high ground regarding the open Supreme Court seat. You're a joke.
Yeah about that vote, when will Merrick Garland get his or a simple heating??????
excuses excuses. you are a poor excuse for a rep in MY state, aligned with hypocrites and criminals. your days are numbered pat.
if you couldn't get sixty you should have changed the nominee. You know this. But what goes around comes around.
You reek of hypocrisy and party over country.
What a ridiculous statement!  Does Merrick Garland ring a bell to you Senator!  #MerrickGarland
Until there is an independent investigation into #Trumpgate there should be no nomination by @POTUS again ur on the wrong side of history
Complete BS, blame yourself for once. Shame you didnt fight for Garland this hard.
But it was okay for you and your cronies to not consider President Obama's nominee? Hypocrites, everyone of you!
They would allow Merrick Garland a vote. Which you should have done last year.
Here, take a read.  http://constitutionus.com/ 
Oh, and here's a free twitter tip: next time you want to do a thread, just reply to your own tweet. Then it's all in one spot.
Don't help him! His incompetence helps delegitimize his crappy opinions.
Ur on the wrong side of history & the ppl of PA will remember who choose party over patriotism #TheResistance #byebyeToomey #resist
Hypocrite, u voted to make Supreme Crt political football. Nuclear option chgs Senate not in a good way. Duped by the puppet Trump, sad day
Yeah. How's that feel?
This so called man ignores constituents forever... waits until today for poor remark/victory lap. Hold a town hall. We want to talk to you.
This tweet is going to break the record for the number of replies that mention MERRICK GARLAND in all caps
Blocked in committee or blocked by filibuster; big difference or none at all?  Where was your morality and outrage when Rs did same thing?
You haven't even tried!
@WhatsPatUpTo No Pat, I'm moderate Republican & I blame current GOP mentality 4 this mess. Tea Party & Ult Right "my way or shutdown govt"
GOP started this BS with the partisan GOP blocking of a qualified moderate-right SC nominee.
Senator Toomey, I dare u 2 hold a face to face Town Hall (w sufficient lead time notice) in Philly during the upcoming congressional recess.
I double dog dare u to have a town hall in Philly, u think this was so right, come talk to us face to face about it #byebyeToomey
Never going to happen. @SenToomey is too much of a coward to face real people. #byebyeToomey #ToomeytheTool #wewillremember
if republicans wouldn't allow Merrick Garland a vote, they wouldn't allow anyone a vote.
#toomeytownhall
Republicans wouldn't give Garland a vote, they wouldn't give anyone a vote.
Are you listening to all of your constituents who have contacted you or only the gerrymandered few who are responsible for the next 6?
