I vacationed at the East Coast’s quintessential rest stop. It’s more inviting than it looks. http://wapo.st/2fxgpNJ?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.26b61466de17 …
If you don't denounce Trump we will label you a neo-Nazi sympathizer. Heather Heyer's blood will be on your hands too
Your silence is telling.  America will not let you move on to tax reform until you #ImpeachTrump bipartisan action now!
Ok if some of yours and the President's supporters stop by as well Senator? These folks love you!
Sir I am not having a relaxing summer because there is some stuff going on where our senators are normalizing white supremacy.  Please help
Please call on National Park Service to remove the confederate monuments in Gettysburg. They are disgraceful.
your ridiculous rich. Leave this country if you don't like it.
*you're
This is not news of the day.  Condemn trump
Your silence when the leader of your party embraces white supremacy is deafening. Name him. Denounce him. Shame on you! Shame on you!
Please voice your condemnation, like so many other @SenateGOP members have, about Trump's horrible views on Charlottesville racist rally.
Let us not forget @SenToomey no comment when it's time to fill his senate seat!
Condemn Trump's comments defending white nationalist & call for the firing of Bannon, Miller, and Gorka.
Bite me!
I disagree w/ almost every policy @LindseyGrahamSC supports, but I repsect him for calling out the prez by name. Do the same spineless Pat
This is what you tweet when there is a man in the White House supporting White Supremacist violence. Really??????
I guess you are ok with the president sympathising with white supremacists
Why Pat? Are you having a town hall meeting there? 19064
Where is your stand on what the President said - if you stand with him you must believe like him.
On the road this summer, Mr Toomey?stop by Allentown for a town hall.  It will be the best. Bigly. Yuge. Many sides. Very tweetable
He's holding an event Thursday in Bethlehem - request your tickets tomorrow at 9AM!
Only 30 Toomey tickets are available to the public, starting 9AM tomorrow at this link http://www.wlvt.org/blogs/town-halls-forums-and-debates/senator-toomey-town-hall-meeting/ …
How about we all stop by your offices until you acknowledge your criminal indifference towards your constituents and resign in shame.
No Atlantic Drilling .Don't turn the Atlantic into the gulf.
The real question is whether _YOU_ are on the road this summer. To Philly, Pittsburgh, Allentown, and Harrisburg. #DoYourJob  #TownHallsNow
Oh no, Pat, do you need a primer?
President back tracks on his condemnation of hate groups & you say nothing!  Refusal to confront makes you as complicit!
You're on the road to nowhere, Toomey.
It's like wearing a dark suit during a national crisis--you don't tweet nonsense when the president is defending hate. Get a clue, Toomey.
Town Hall ? How about you explain your stance on Nazi and hate marches ? #HeatherHayer
Is there really nothing else going on right now, Senator?  You have a moral responsibility to deal with this mess.
Any comment on nazis Sen. Toomey? #wherestoomey
Is this what you are tweeting about? Denounce trump. What a waste of a senate seat.
Another American racist traveling state line to state line. Spreading his very special brand of GOP hate supporting a racist President
Uh...maybe there's something a little more current you'd like to comment on? Something about Nazis?
Breezewood.... "Town of Motels" Sounds perfect for a Trump-GOP summit.
Good location for a town hall?
Can you EVER speak about what's going on in current news or will you keep pretending all is okay? Speak up, stop glossing over things
Hey Senator Are you awake or in a constant coma. Your President supports the Nazi's and you have nothing to say. Are you an Anti-Semite also
Five hours ago, THIS is what you thought was most important for Pennsylvanians to hear? If you are with HIM, you are against the US.
Really, this is what you chose to tweet???
Senator, how about you stand up against hate? Stop by liberal democracy!
When will you denounce this president? He doesn't share my values and I certainly hope he doesn't share your values. I am outraged
Is Breezewood safe for people of color, immigrants, LGBTQ pple, Muslims, and pple with disabilities? Because right now Nazis threaten all.
What on earth were you thinking writing this?   Please grow a spine and stand up to that bigot in the White House
In school, breezewood was the ideal spot to see tweeking truckers and get $2 wedding rings on your way to the coast.
Senator, you are Pathetic to me.
Senator Toomey; Why do you support a Nazi-affirming President? Why are you so silent on the issue? Your constituents want to know.
Hiding from constituents, in the bag for white supremacists.  A coward and a disgrace.....
Whoa. Are you even paying attention?
Really, Senator, nothing else on your mind tonight?  Nothing at all??
Country or Trump?
when are you going to have a town hall? You are responsible for the hatred and bigotry in Charlottesville. You are RESPONSIBLE.
Are you kidding me?  This is what you are tweeting today?  Wake up.
Seriously, Mr Toomey? With all due respect, visiting Breezewood is not a priority at the moment.
What is your response to the Pesident's defense of neo-Nazis and White Supremicists today?
POTUS just outed himself as PRO NAZI-hours tick by..& u say ...? We R Waiting. LIke the 2days we waited 4U 2speak re:VA
You must condemn the President's outrageous remarks justifying white supremacists and violence. If not, you are culpable.
Are you for real? Say something about that Nazi in the White House.
A woman died, your president refused to condemn support from white nationalists.
No leadership
Do you watch the news?The potus is supporting Nazis, fomenting nuclear world war & civil war, and killing our great nation.Make a statement
The POTUS just defended Nazis. You tweet about a Turnpike rest stop. You really have a knack for capturing the pulse of the nation.
Seems like a great place for a town hall! We could discuss the opioid crisis and rural hospitals which affect Bedford County.
Disavow Donald Trump immediately. We're waiting.
Just let us know what you think of the president's statements this afternoon just as soon as the Koch Brothers tell you what to think. Thanx
Trump equivocated today about Nazis and the KKK, and shown he is a racists himself. Repudiate Trump or be branded a racist, too.
Not a word in response to your presidents actions lately??  COWARD.  NO INTEGRITY.
Have you lost your mind, sir? What do you have to say about Trump's abhorrent comments? Do the right thing. Speak up!
You should be in DC working for us.  See my vote disappear in 3.2.1. Gone
The president is praising white supremacists, and you're tweeting about rest stops?! PA IS WAITING FOR YOUR DISAVOWAL OF TRUMP! #realPA
Why are you not condemning potus?
you are in a la la land of your very own making. the shit is hitting the fan and you are smelling roses. you are not the man that PA needs.
Any plans during your break to grow a spine and stand up to the Nazi lover in the White House?
What are you doing to condemn trump?
CONDEMN DONALD TRUMP'S STATEMENT!!!!----a PA Voter.
On the road this August @SenToomey let's have a Town Hall
While the President is defending Nazis, you are bragging about your vacation. Noted. You are an unfit Senator.
This tweet is absurd. Trump became even more unhinged today,  endorsing & encouraging violent Wh Supremacists. Stop this unfit POTUS now!
Must be one of the places you breezed by instead of having a town hall
#notmysenator
Hey uhhhh senator what do you think of uhhhhhh the Nazi supporting president you voted for
Any comment/action of the President''s presser today? Just going to ignore it?
Really? With trump's speech this is what you come up with? Now is not the time for silence. Are you afraid he'll call you out? We will!
What is wrong w/you?! How are you not denouncing @realDonaldTrump for what he is? How can you even claim to represent the people of PA?!!
People in Breezewood also want you to protect their health care from Trump.
Cool! While you're there, Senator, ask people if they also sympathize with Nazis, like our President does.
Please denounce @realDonaldTrump with his racist remarks. Show some leadership and stand up to him.
So when you are done in Breezewood, USA, can you get back to DC and impeach DT? Why is the GOP willing to lose so much and hurt so many?
Are you joking?!
are you kidding??? are you going to denounce the nazis and white supremacists or are you going to kow-tow to donald trump and his pals???
When are you going to denounce this racist president or are you also on the same page?
Do you share the presidents views on nazis? YES OR NO???
On the road chasing Koch bucks?
Today is the day you need to denounce white supremacy and @realDonaldTrump
Is this seriously what is on your priority list today!! It is time to grow a set and stand up for all of your constituents!!#Charlotteville
Trump makes hateful statements 2 hrs ago & u don't respond immediately? Instead u push tourism. U are complicit in Trump's hate. I'm ashamed
Nobody cares about your opinion ofBreezewood right now.its your opinion of @realDonaldTrump disaster of a press conference I'm interested in
Senator, this is what u feel is important 2 be tweeting about?! Time 2 fire that intern. Your silence signals acceptance of Trumps views.
When will enough be enough Mr. to me. When will you stand up as a man and say enough is enough.?
Are you really talking about this right now??  Did you not hear Trump? SPEAK UP. TELL 45 NAZIS ARE BAD. I can't believe I have to say this.
Glad to see you're tweeting about a rest stop and not condemning our president's most recent press conference
Get a backbone and stand up and defend your country. The KKK, and white supremists should not be supported. Being silent is support.
Why do you still support a white supremacist administration & racist voter suppression laws?
when will you call for the firing of white supremacists from the @WhiteHouse? Including @realDonaldTrump.
Where is your statement on @realDonaldTrump horrendous press conference? Make a statement.
I'm really wondering why you are not calling out Trump for defending nazis... do you think that some nazis are good people too?
There will be real world consequences for your inaction on Trump.  The man is dangerous.
Our infrastructure is a mess. Please stop accepting corrupt corporate money and start working for the state of Pennsylvania.
Do you have anything to say about that Trump?The time has come for all decent members of the Senate (Rep&Dem) to stand against him.
You really aren't equipped to deal with actual political issues, are you?
So glad you are doing this important work while our president equates not having a permit to being a racist nazi who kills people!
Are planning on standing up to our racist president?
THIS is your tweet after the most horrifying press conference by a modern U.S. president? Trump just basically said Nazi's are okay. What??
What about trumps remarks today? Supporting nazis? Where's your statement on that?
Care to condemn the racist POTUS and set yourself apart from this administration?
What you have to said about what potus said this afternoon
THIS is what you want to comment on right now? What the hell is wrong with you?
If Senator Toomey wants to show PA he does NOT stand with neo Nazis, he needs to do this.
Two easy ways "moderate" GOP needs to step up:
• Condemn today's comments
• Call for firing of Bannon and Gorka
How will Senator Toomey be remembered in the history books? Or even in 2022? @sk5395
Headline : Wednesday, November 9, 2022, Pat Toomey holds first town hall meeting since Trump's failed administration.
Maybe all of his constituents could meet him in Breezewood for a town hall meeting!
REALLY. ANY STATEMENTS ABOUT YOUR PRESIDENT. YOU'RE JUST AS GUILTY
Seriously!?  Where is your outrage @realDonaldTrump words from his impromptu press conference. 
Anything you tweet today that isn't a condemnation of this racist president shows your approval of his words and actions.
You have time to tweet this,  but not to condemn white supremacists, neo-Nazis and domestic terrorism? Shame on you.
Why would I possibly want to stop there? It's legitimately the shittiest town in all of PA.
The President just went on TV and defended white supremacists. Now would be the time for you to grow that backbone.
You are an embarrassment.  The country is going though a crisis and this is what you're tweeting about?  Where is your moral leadership????
Thoughts on Trump's presser?
Senator, the country is on fire , and you're tweeting fun stops on road trips?  I can't wait to vote you out - you are pathetic
If @SenToomey is going to hide from us.
CALL!
CALL!
CALL!
CALL!
CALL!
CALL!
CALL!
NO PEACE FOR TOOMEY!
202-224-4254
He will get the message!
Completely inappropriate. You need to address the remarks made by @realDonaldTrump just a short while ago, unless you defend neo-Nazis also.
Seriously...this is what my tax dollars are paying for. An editorial about Breezwood? You and @realDonaldTrump both on the Titanic. Stay on!
There's that patented Pat Toomey social media ratio.
Where's your statement on what Trump just spewed? #WhatWillItBe
Mr toomey, do you care that mr trump defended Nazis. .are you with him or against him. Can you speak up.or are you at a promised town hall
Hey Pat we would really like to know your thoughts on the presidents comments today. Anything Mr. Toomey?
That's right, Senator. Keep it light. Let the moment for courage and decency pass you by. #timidpattoomey #complicit #shame
You are talking about your vacation when @realDonaldTrump just held the most despicable, racist, & bigoted news conference? Are you serious?
If you have time for this, you have time for a Town Hall.
Evil only needs good men who do nothing. You sure are doing nothing and I'm pretty sure you're not a good man.
You missed your opportunity to get on the right side of history and denounce #Trump and #Nazis earlier. But you choose to tweet Breezewood.
How about we close the gap between the Turnpike and I-70?
Timely!
This is what you post when trump just gave an absolutely racist press conference!!!
Dude...what? You are the worst.
Scrolling through the feed for thoughts on trump's speech, and my Senator's over here talking about a turnpike rest stop.
I just left a voicemail asking you to grow a pair. Hope your staff relays the message accurately!
45 is YOUR president. Speak out against him publicly or we assume you stand beside him. #NoMoreHate #WhiteSupremacistsInTheWhiteHouse
DO YOUR JOB & get this crazy, delusional DANGER to the US OUT OF THE OVAL OFFICE. IMPEACH TRUMP NOW! There is no excuse to support him. NONE
.@SenToomey Until you can stand up for your constituents or stand up against your white supremacist leader, why don't you just shut up.
Any comment on #POTUS clarification of his true feelings on #Charlottesville? Do you agree there are some good Neo-Nazis?
Denounce @POTUS & his despicable comments today or you are just as racist!! For once be a LEADER! You serve us not that traitor.
Senator, our Nazi in the White House needs to step down. Show him the door.
We want that #TownHall you promised for August. Too ashamed to face your constituents? Sad you backed an unhinged man for president? #FaceUs
RIP @MelanieDGKaplan mentions. Uncheck her, people. Also: I agree w you all.
With all due respect Senator, Breezewood can wait. You need to tell us where you stand re: POTUS comments today.
We have a fascist in the White House, what are you prepared to do?
How will u set yourself apart from trump's endearing love for white nationalists?
It takes a special kind of pathetic to troll politicians twitter feeds
wtf?! We have an unfit, racist president...and this is what you want to tweet about?!
Are you kidding? Trump is defending Nazis and you're tweeting this drivel?
You waited till 6pm to say you voted for Trump. You know he is bad for the country. Do your job.  25th amendment.
It's now imperative that you take a stand against this President. If not, there is no decency left in the GOP.
My dude. The boy you voted to be president king just defended zee Nazis
Are you still standing with Trump after his disgusting and disgraceful press conference where he received praise from David Duke?#deplorable
Meanwhile, 45 just defended Nazis and white supremacists. Care to comment?
This is who you are now @GOP
A big thank you to @realDonaldTrump from the Grand Wiz ... the @GOP in 2017 squarely allied with Nazis, nationalists & racists. https://twitter.com/drdavidduke/status/897559892164304896 …
Um, Pat...
Are vacation spaces in PA really the most important thing on your mind today?
Is this really what you're tweeting about right now? #tonedeaf
Better yet, come to Pittsburgh and explain your vote on the crappy Trumpcare bill. Explain why you support the Nazi presidential in the WH.
Any response to the leader of your political party saying that Nazi/KKK demonstrators included "very nice people" just now, Senator?
How much longer are you going to support your nazi-defending "president"?
Are you kidding me with this? The president just gave a vocal endorsement of Nazis and you're spamming me about Breezewood?
Arlen would not put up with this Racist B.S. Get off your ass an do something!
Your tone deaf timing never ceases to fail, Senator.
Seriously, which staffer handles your twitter feed? You need to reassign that job ASAP
The President just supported neo-Nazis on live TV. Nobody gives a fuck about this jerkwater hole
The traitor in the WH just defended Nazis. Have anything to say? Or better yet, DO SOMETHING!
Your POTUS is an honest to god racist. Disavow him immediately!
