You and the rest of the Republicans better get behind Trump or you are done next election cycle-a lifelong republican
Out of curiousity, are you a bot?
No idiot
Are you sure?
Hah; you urban animals better be careful as you venture out to the red zone
I'm sorry. Could you elaborate? I'm not sure I understand what you are trying to tell me.
Think hard but don't  strain yourself; I'm sure it would come out of my taxes
Ha! So funny!
You may, however, want to research where tax dollars are collected and distributed in this country. It might surprise you!
Talk more about it at a town hall.  #coward #Complicit From a Pennsylvanian who will make a great personnel decision re: you.
So close, Senator.  So close to calling out this administration for being a circus. You wait until you can toss stones at the rear-view.
Youre the worst. Worst voting record in all environmental protection and wildlife conservation and protection areas. Horrible voting record
they shouldn't have been there in the first place along with others.  How many cabinet posts aren't filled yet?
Wish he would go back to his tree in the woods of the Keebler elves...
Bannon resigned.He supports the Trump platform (as does Pennsylvania), and that is the main thing but doesn't want to be a distraction.
When can we vote you out again ???
3 years & counting!!!
I wish we could count to just 2018 but that's the reason he's so cocky.
This is a swing state hopefully turning blue forever. Retire @PatToomey
Yes I am hoping & praying that Pennsylvania goes Blue over the next few years!!!
We can do this !!  Let's Go !!
If he keeps purging,closing polling stations&hacking, he'll ruin the commonwealth. All he cares bout r TaxCuts4TheWealthy that will create
a fiscal crisis,so they can raid social security. @GOP only cares bout $ & power,nothing else. Not u, not me, not 
#unhackthevote 
Pennsylvania had the most unbelievable numbers I have seen. These are crazy. Read the thread. https://twitter.com/hierroyluz/status/821874035071954944 …
Coward - why didn't you voice concern before they were ousted? And Trump shouldn't need a babysitter to make grown up decisions.
Congress needs 2 force POTUS 2 step down. HE is a danger 2 us all. He should not have the nuclear codes!! HELP US PLEASE BEFORE ITS 2 LATE!
really enjoying that kool-aid?  let me know when the party will accept old school "Rockefeller Republicans" back w/o the -RINO- appellation
The next should be Trump himself...but will the GOP do what's right for country?
Only wish you had John Kelly's courage!!
I called your office MANY times about Bannon, and it was *crickets*. Now you say something? Not very courageous.
Keebler Elves are not known for their bravery...
For the record, Senator Toomey was who I had in mind when I tweeted this a few hours ago.
If Republicans ever applaud the Bannon firing, we need to remind them they did nothing about it.
Seriously, this is Toomey's first day tweeting about Bannon. The day he was fired. He had he power to do more.
My challenge to Toomey - call for Gorka and Miller's firing! Two white nationalists who should not be in a tax payer funded institution
These are the words of a true leader: Pray for your peers in Congress to do something!
Too bad he can't rid the swamp of you.
You are complicit in your silence. It's easy to comment after the fact. #RubberStampToomey
Why don't you and the senate make a third? Impeach!
If only the #GOP had made a great personnel choice. #ImpeachTrump https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/899605914617098240 … The US can't afford to support this con artist.
This is insane --> Secret Service out of money to pay agents because of Trump's frequent travel, large family https://usat.ly/2xinDsM 
That's strange. I contacted your office in January regarding Bannon and was told you supported him 100%. 
I guess once he had to remove his head from Bannon's a**, he was able to see the light...
/snark
This means nothing coming from you with your continuing support of racist, divisive, corrupt @POTUS. Stand up for competent, honest gov.
@Sentoomey, I pray you'll find the courage to speak up about Gorka & Miller before they're fired. Trump hired Bannon - isn't he to blame?
Finally! I was beginning to think Trump could murder someone (like he bragged on the campaign). Welcome.
Sure, shoot your mouth off you're not up in 2018. Hopefully your last Senate term by choice if not it will be #TimetoPrimaryPatToomey
How much American blood will b spilled while your president is under control?
How many American lives r worth 's funding @GOP &hacking voting machines? How much blood r taxcuts4wealthy worth?
Very courageous to say so after they're gone.  How about a statement calling for Gorka and Miller to go?
Our brave Senator is praying that his colleagues in Congress will act, so he doesn't have to.
Don't start sounding like a RINO!!
So what you're saying is the President is incapable of making good decisions re personnel?
When is your next town hall fundraisers do not count.  When Pat when where've you been? We've looked high we've looked low where did Pat go?
Why aren't you criticizing the man responsible for this mess? Potus !!!!
Your  empty words are Too little too late. You and your party are cowards, none of you have any moral compass.
PA resident here. Usually very critical of my senator & call his office to tell him so. This comment is a welcome change from his silence
PA resident as well. This comment is cover for the fact that Trump hired those two. @SenToomey doesn't want to say Trump is the problem.
I'm just glad he said something. Obviously he's not going to provide leadership but at least he made a statement. Others haven't
I don't think CYA statements are a positive for politicians who support what Toomey does & they can mislead voters who don't pay attention
Compare to @SenBobCasey comment they shd never have been in White House to start with. Puts blame where it belongs
And you spoke out against neither. Save your moral indignation
Not enough! Stand up and say it...impeach!
Too bad Kelly can't do anything about you. Maybe you will spare Pennsylvanians and #RESIGN
Easy to correct mistakes that are that glaring . Chasing the rats off a sinking ship though.
Lilly liveried coward to join after the battle is over. Where were you the 18 times I wrote to you about Bannon?
now if he could just get rid of you and trump
I think you're like a "floater" contestant on #BigBrother. You take NO stand until you see which way the wind is blowing.  #Coward
Next you?
Pat, do you see that you've said as many negative things about Trump co as you've had town hall meetings to talk to http://us.ZERO 
To bad Gen John Kelly can't fire the 'Real' Problem.  BTW .@SenToomey THANKS for voting to take MY healthcare away to give your 1% friends $
too bad we're stuck with you so much longer!
Can’t wait to vote you out.
Why don't you speak up b4 someone does the right thing? Lead! Stop goin with the flow!  Don't b a wave, goin the way of conformity! Dam Man!
How convenient to speak up now that the decision was made by someone else.
Well, look who showed up to the party!
Bad decisions in the 1st place by POTUS
Yeah & originally 2 BAD personnel decisions by @real DonaldTrump
When will YOU show some backbone Sen Toomey?
#Impeach45
#realPA
Last time I checked, Kelly was not president. Do your job by doing the will of the people of PA. Denounce and impeach Trump. #impeachtrump
You words mean nothing until you actually do something to remove this despot from office. You are not living up to you oath to this country
When are you and @gop going to stop supporting tRump and remove his incompetence from office? You have approved all of his awful appointees.
Only one to go. Guess who that is?
Real profile in courage that @SenToomey
Where were you when this was happening?
I can see some people drooling just anticipating the next scandal. Sad
Shame on you Sen Toomey!! Denounce Trump or call yourself a FAKE CATHOLIC! This constituent challenges you to denounce evil.
To bad he can't fire Trump
When will you publicly denounce Trumps outrageous defense of Nazi smpatherizers and white supremacists. Make a stand with Senator Corker!

Poll: Which person best exemplifies the "best people" that we were told Trump always surrounds himself with? #POTUS #WHStaff #OvalOffice
Nothing on the nimrod who hired them? #courage
Good thing u publicly called for Bannon's firing before this. Oh wait, that's right, u did absolutely nothing. Not very brave 2 speak up now
If only John Kelly could help us out & get rid of you. That's OK, you #SpinelessCoward, we will take care of that. Our votes= #YourPinkSlip!
Not so sure about that
Too little, too late! Wrote to you about Bannon, received a letter saying Senators don't choose WH staff and you supported POTUS's dec.
Add Gorka and Miller and Hahn and we might be getting some where.
You are a clown. You've had plenty of opportunity to speak up about the administration, but sat quiet. Go back into your hole.
Too bad PA haven't done the same
To bad he can't fire the real problem, Trump
You changed your Bannon tune mighty fast! Toomey, you are totally phony. Please resign. You are an embarrassment to Pennsylvania.
Easy to speak up once they're gone. Where was your voice before?
You voted for Trump. You are worse than those two, you just wear more respectable suits.
Now how about you? When will you and your colleagues begin to stand up against T and what he stands for?
Wait--NOW you take a stand on Bannon?
Nine months ago, you sounded like you couldn't care less about Bannon.
More white supremacists out of the administration, just a few more to go.
Can't wait for #45 to go too, He is a white supremacist enabler
But unfortunately you're still a cowardly Senator who puts party before country.
If only Congress could do such effective work. How about getting something done WHILE YOU HAVE A MAJORITY.  We're paying attention!!!
Calm your boner.
Remember, Pa voters put you in and we can vote you out. Support our President.
Now all we need it to get of you and Trump. Its coming
U dont get to jump on the bandwagon now!!  You lacked the moral courage to denounce bigotry just to save your seat. Too little too late.
Uhave forgotten your constituents in Pennsylvania you care about @POTUS and his swamp not for those who got you into office. How do u sleep?
Next he needs to get rid of most of the idiot cabinet members Toomey voted to confirm.
But the real problem remains -  
Trump. 
Nobody falls for your bullshit anymore
Huh? We sent/faxed/emailed you abt removing Bannon since day 1& now on day Bannon leaves you found your voice?  You Lack character & spine.
Honestly think President Trump is more popular than you which is a shame.  Followers aren't all fans.  to clear up that little delusional
We must primary this embarrassment of our wonderful PA. When is the last time he had any type of Town Hall? This shows how little he cares
Hope you are next, PA is on to your carpet bagger Ways.  we know where your  lays.  #Failure45 #PA12thofnever getting reelected bye bye
Time to eject all Mercer paid staffers.
We will not forget your courage.
Oh, wait, that was @SenatorCasey
Aren't you the same guy who hid ALL Election Day and then at the last minute came out and voted for trump?
Yes, that was you.
#AdiosToomey
Interesting how you've had nothing to say about them until they're gone. Had 7 months of racist Bannon in the WH paid with our tax dollars.
Soon to come Toomey out, great decision by the people of PA!
Now you speak out?????   You are Deplorable!
You did NOTHING to affect that exit. Good ole Toomey. Scaredy cat
Sir, they are a symptom. You know what the problem is and you continue not to act. History will remember, as will your conscience.
Too bad John Kelly can't fire the Racist-in-Chief.  But maybe he could fire Gorka and Miller.
Maybe Kelly can get rid of you next 
Your constituents have been asking since Nov '16 for you to oppose Bannan & Co. What took so long? @TuesdaysToomey #growapair
You are a joke, and we see through you.  Go now, and hang out w/ drumpf!
Looking forward to when PA voters make a personnel decision about you.
When are you going to call Trump out by name for his support of  Nazis? Where is the moral outrage you guys on the right are known for?
Everything you have ever said or done has been well after the fact when U thought it was safe and no one would notice. What do U stand for?
Hopefully your next!
That may be the first thing you said In years that made sense.
Too bad Kelly can't fire Trump, but you can start the paperwork!
Wow, such bravery on display. Where were you, @SenToomey when they were employed by Trump? You were silent. Still silent on Trump himself.
Dude, you are 10+ months late to the #FireBannon party. Sad that only now you find moral courage to speak. #FireToomeyNov2023
That is right Sen Toomey. If only Mr Kelly could fire Mr Trump.
You're just an apologist for the #Trumpenfurher.you had your chance ages ago. Did nothing. #spineless #gutless this is your last term
You are a real comedian! I laugh at your tweets all the time!! #NOTAPROFILEINCOURAGETOOMEY
Next we should dump you for supporting left wing violence in Charlottesville
so you are a rubber stamp who will approve anything #EasyD does.  you think because you won you don't have to do anything for 6 years???
wow from you Toomey but the real problem remains with unfit @POTUS 45.
Meanwhile you vote lockstep with, and blindly defend, Trump. Good look, Senator.
Now it's time for @realDonaldTrump to fire Stephen Miller & Gorka, two virulent endorsers of nationalistic fervor, unsuitable for WH.
Keep giving credit to John Kelly for these decisions & Kelly will be the next one to get fired. POTUS doesn't like to be upstaged.
And soon you by Pennsylvanians. We're counting the days, Pat.
Keep going , Miller & Gorka next !
Why didn't you say anything about those two when hired?
Weird that you had nothing to say until they were gone.
Just because he doesn't live in the swamp..nhe must go??? You're just like the rest of the never trumpers
Ok I like you for a minute
I don't recall you denouncing these people before Sir.
Senator grow a backbone your constituents views differ from yours we pay your wages our opinion decide your vote not secret bkdr payoffs sir
Why did you call for his firing in the last 7 months?  Only after the fact you favor it. Have principles and stand up to @realDonaldTrump
I'm tired of hearing "we're busy out in the field meeting with other constituents " on your voicemail messages. Come on!
hiding in the shadows like you did with townhalls.  Now you speak up?  You're complicit in this disaster.
Who is Kelly's boss and approved those decisions?
Nice try distancing yourself from the name Trump- didn't work. Potus hired & fired. Just compliment the racist in chief who you love&support
For who? Americans are still being grievously harmed by #Obamacare
Wow!!! Why stand up now when you were so quiet before???? No guts Toomey strikes again!!!!
That would’ve never been necessary had U made a better personnel decision on 11/8. Which you didn’t reveal until late.
#ProfilesInCowardice
Ooooohhh, @SenToomey flexing those Twitter muscles about 7 months too late.
Pat, you voted for the guy who hired them. You've been tripling down on your support of white supremacy by your continued support.
What is your position on PA being a sanctuary state for white domestic terrorists? 5th in the nation.
Too bad Kelly doesn't have the authority to remove you from office too.
Congrats Pat! You finally grew some balls and kind of offered some criticism of @realDonaldTrump
WTF! Where our our healthcare?
This may be first rime I agree with you. They never should have been there. You did vote for DeVos and other equally bad Cabinet members.
I wrote a letter to you about Bannon back in January and you had no problem with him then.  You are nothing but a sheep Toomey.

Now if Trump would only fire Toomey
Too late. You can't wait until they're gone to condemn them, it's too fucking late. #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
You need to speak up against this clown.
We asked you in Nov. 2016 to demand #Trump #FireBannon. You didn't. We've also need u to demand #FireGorka #FireMiller. Will you?
NEXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXT = donald j. trump
I'm old enough to remember when senators had the guts to speak up, no matter who was president. They represented their people first.

SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT
UNWAVERINGLY
How about supporting the next change that needs to happen:
SenToomey UR complicit!  STOP the gerrymandering & strict voter ID laws aimed at a voting class that is mostly white & GOP. @TuesdaysToomey
But you made no comments when they were hired. U stayed silent. U did nothing to support ur constituents in their fears of administration.
You were elected to be a "leader" for PA citizens.  Jumping on the bandwagon after the fact doesn't cut it.
No thanks to you. Why didn't you speak out against Bannon months ago? Why didn't you name Trump when you talked Charlottesville? Coward.
Hey @SenToomey where is your statement about Charlottesville
Does your patron Mr. Mercer know you said that Pat? You're trying to play 3D chess but you're not so good at it.
And hopefully your next  this administration is insane no plans no forward motion. @GOP had lost its mind
You're late. Bannon should never have been in our WH. He knows our secrets. You own this by keeping your mouth shut 4 months.
You don't get a lollipop for calling out Bannon after he's been fired!  No courage when it matters!
Yes! Only if he had the power to dismiss you!
I called your office the minute I heard Bannon was in the WH & demanded his ouster & you had nothing but support then. #hypocrite
Are you on our side or 45s? You didn't listen when we asked you to not support Bannon. #seeyounexttuesday #tuesdayswithtoomey
45 is destroying the party and you all do nothing
What exactly did you do about it? Nothing. It will be remembered how you and other GOP members continue to do nothing.
This is a FIRST!  We agree on something!
Way to speak up after the fact, tho you supported Bannon at 1st. Where were you on Tuesday when @POTUS decided to finally admit he's racist.
Now if we can only get the rest of the swamp bottom dwellers out of the admin and get people who represent the public in place.
People of Pennsylvania, this was Pat Toomeys tweet this morning: First Scaramucci, now Bannon. Two great personnel decisions by John Kelly.
Your ridiculous tweets are what we get when you follow your Koch brothers script. However, your parody of a senator: 100% Coen Brothers.
no he was promoted to Chief Officer of Propaganda and will use Breitbart to push the WH  agenda through a "credible" news source.
Kelly, of course, can't fire you. But we can.
Pat. This is just so insincere. You're the cowardest coward who ever cowarded. We'll call you After The Fact Pat. Stop rubber stamping.
Better late than never. Speaking up strongly against him BEFORE he was fired was your job.
Next, Trump! Please get yourself involved in impeaching him! #RealPA @TuesdaysToomey
If you had any integrity and spine, you'd call out Trump. My god you're a lightweight.
Wow, didn't think YOU were paying attention. Make yourself great again.
Too bad he can't remove Senators
And YOU did nothing! You are doing nothing to protect our democracy. Shame on you. We will remember.
Ryan, Gorka and Trump next. Don't stop now.
I disagree.  He does something, he votes the way the corporations tell him to vote.  #MoneyTalks

He does nothing to help the rest of us.
If only he could fire #POTUS
Still waiting for you to comment on trump and the neo nazi.
waiting to WH Permission again
Why are all your tweets after the fact.
Time to vote you out...
