big money gave you this award. You are bought and sold. You have never voted for anything other than big money
I am a nurse how about caring about the job I do! Your cuts to AFCA puts my job in jeapordy!
jobs that no one can fill because they can't afford an education!
lol what a joke.
.@SenToomey .@USChamber Mr. #Toomey we have a Town Hall meeting tonight & you were invited. Are you going to "honor" #US with your presence?
You're a partisan hack and a rubber stamp. Stand up for America & Pennsylvania by standing up to the traitorous Trump!
So you'll show up to accept an award but not to have a conversation with the ppl you represent? 
You suck. #Resist
What good is creating jobs when peoples lives are at stake? Quality HC=Quality health for quality workers!
you don't deserve anything your a poor excusefor an elected official. Answer your phone and have a town hall we have
You mean like Trumpcare that will destroy tens of thousands of jobs in healthcare? Those jobs?
Oh I know! You mean the jobs in for-profit prisons and for-profit schools that weaken the fabric of our society.
The good news (for all of PA), is that you will need a job in 2022. Did @USChamber give you resume writing tips?
A bill needs to pass giving us the right to fire idiots like him.
is one of those jobs taking our private IP history away? #TRAITOR #privacyisafundamentalright
VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE!!!!
maybe if the sick, the elderly and kids gave you an award you would care more about them! Shame on you!
. Oh come on. Your policies do not create jobs, they support lower taxes for the rich and your campaign contributions.
COMPANIES CREATE JOBS ! PEOPLE WORK JOBS ! SICK PEOPLE W/NO AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE LOSE JOBS ! PEOPLE DIE AND STARVE
To bad you won't get that award again! All lives matter!
You're not only destroying jobs you're destroying lives!
Just remember folks, the Chamber ain't some  local Rotary club. These guys are the American Oligarchs.#moneyisntspeech
also supporting policies that remove them. Like trying to erase everything Obama did. The 1 reason we have jobs
the only job you've worried about is your own. When's that town hall meeting?
"Policies that create jobs" is code for pro-business anti worker, anti consumer & anti environment,.
what a great honor. Congratulations.
Huh?  Are you sure they got the right person?
Could you please identify the period when America was at maximum greatness? Then let's go back to that taxation structure #simple
when are you going to hold a town hall?  You need one as u are out of touch with your constituents.
Instead of posting pictures of fake awards pay attention to what your constituents are saying! Vote NO ON TRUMPCARE
too bad you can't create town halls.
Still not talking about Russia? Not even a request for independent inquiry? 2022, bud. Tick tock.
Out of touch much?  Please let us know when you schedule that town hall #youworkforus #corrupt
Stop tweeting and hold a town hall!!
Town Hall. In person. We are tired of your public photo ops and avoidance of your voters.
That's a cowardly tweet- saying nothing about your support for AHCA- which is con man Trump's tax cut for the wealthy.
Congrats on the fluff award. Now stand up to Trump. We need independent and bi-partisan investigation of Trump. No Nunes crap.
when are you going to speak out about Rep. Nunes undermining an on going investigation into Trump campaign collusion?
a joke award for legislators who pimp for corporate America
What's the Soviet version? Asking for a (your) friend.
Senator, now is the time for you to get on the right side of history.
Award or not, you're a disgraceful representative for the people of PA.  We deserve better.
Could you explain why this is not true ?
what award do you get for ignoring your constituents?
you do not deserve any awards. You need to start doing your job for the people in Pa. You will have a very short term
Minimum wage jobs.
When are you going to hold open meetings with your constituents?
will you be creating hardship with this piss poor excuse for a health care plan? Stand up for the people, not trump
so it's the equivalent of a participation award? Because I can't remember the last time you actually worked or answered the phone
crawl back in your hole.
hold a town hall chickenshit.  Stop running from your constituents
we'll give you an award if you hold some town hall meetings.  Have you started looking for another job yet?
"Honored to ignore my constituents and vote however my party says or whoever pays me the most." #DoYourJob
Did that come with $60,000 too like your payment from DeVos?
Cute trophy. Have an in-person town hall to show it off.
Well you sure won't get an award from any PA senior, wii you ?
So you get an award for taking money from @BetsyDeVos and the Koch Brothers?  Impressive!
My zip:19010.Please don't repeal the ACA. It would kick 24 million ppl off healthcare, including me and my husband. Health = Life
please vote no to #Trumpcare sincerely a concerned pa constituent
Good Luck hmc
you said you would stand up to Trump prove it answer your phones and have town hall meetings!
answer your phones and have town hall meetings we are your constituents you are Trump's sycophant
how nice - your corporate overlords are proud of you!
How do you sleep at night?
you have abandoned your constituents and our state.  Maybe jobs for the 1% who own you.  #onthetaketoomey
Bring it to your next town hall, or show us how undeserving you are by not having one.
By choosing power over patriotism you are going to find yourself on the wrong side of history. #ImpeachTrump
how much money comes with the award? It's been a few days until someone has purchased your vote.
Are those jobs in education or healthcare? Trumpcare doesn't help your constituents
Come to a Philly town hall. We can give you a participation award too. Though it may be shaped like a snowflake.
more interested if you are voting NO on the horrible health bill. Quit hiding and talk to your constituents!
you won't meet with your own constituents but you take awards from the corporate elite.  For whom do you serve?
stop hiding!
how about bestowing the honor of your presence on your consituents at a town hall?? #doyourjob
But not honored to serve your constituents since you won't even meet with us at a town hall.
Is this an award or a listening device to make sure you do their bidding, hey they paid good money for you Senator
Gee, I hope you read the comments here better than you answer your phone.
Hopefully you are out of office at the next election. Partisan hack.
Really? You tweet about this, but won't answer requests from constituents about your stance on ACHA or other important issues? Shameful.
You're going to try to stick us with the crappy "American Healthcare" bill, aren't you?
when is your next town hall in NEPA?
1.2 million from the healthcare industry? I guess we know what your vote will be - against your constituents.
Senator u appear to have gotten Chamber's call to come get ur award. Yet I've left dozens of msgs (no one answer) /1
and uv done precisely none of what I asked u to do on behalf of PA residents. Hmmm, kinda curious ain't it?
this is wonderful, tell us all about at your next townhall
Have you seen a psychiatrist?  You may be as narcissistic as Trump is.
please put the country before the party.  Please look at his taxes
I guess they are giving that award to anyone these days.
Jobs for helicopter pilots who fly hunters to savagely kill wildlife from the air and for makers of bear traps?
You are no friend of America. Reflected in your votes for DeVos, Session, Pruit.   Knock knock come in Pat
TOWN HALL! You are a coward and will be in the need of a job yourself in 2020! We won't forget! Vote against Ryancare!
Your tweets lack substance, character & relevance. Talk about budget cuts to #EPA & social servs, #TrumpCare, #Russia!
Soak it all in now. You'll need to draw on these moments when you're voted out.
if u accidentally sit on ur trophy, have a town hall n someone might pull it out. How much $ did u TAKE, to get award?
Love to see you save the jobs created by the ACA and renewable energy.
Can you explain exactly what jobs you created????
.@SenToomey holy shit, you LOVE congratulating yourself. How about, #doyourjob
Back to work. Views on healthcare and the budget? We will remember next election
This will go on a shelf in a office nobody will ever see.
you don't deserve it. You're a disappointment to MY state.
Apparently PA Twitter is unimpressed with @SenToomey's award from @USChamber.
What is your stand on healthcare??
How about supporting your constituents in PA instead? With an IN PERSON town hall instead of the duck-and-cover BS internet variety. Bum.
How are you still not picking up your phone. Washington awards won't get you votes! Engaging citizens is the only way
sure not an award for being there for your constituents because we know you aren't.
@SenBobCasey WOW! great job Senator. You are the envy of congress. BTW, do you know what is going on in DC ?
jobs created arresting constituents and trophy hunting wolf puppies and bear cubs on Federal land.
sure give awards to the laziest and most immoral PA legislator!  #shameful
when do you receive your 'ignoring constituents' award?
.@SenToomey You've also received the prestigious award of Most Elusive Senator for not having a town hall since 2015. Hold a town hall!
More importantly if you care about job creation, vote against #Trumpcare. Pennsylvanians who are sick without insurance cannot hold jobs!
maybe you could spend less time congratulating yourself and more in town halls listening to your constituents ?
