Credit where credit is due. This is the right thing. Thank you.
If you really wanted to push back against Russia, support the FBI investigation against Trump's campaign so our elections aren't corrupted.
While you & GOP
You can't distract us from the vicious role you just played in writing the Senate's disastrous "health care" bill.
Didn't you sit on the board of a PA college that warned parents that feminism will turn their daughters into lesbians?
how about a bipartisan healthcare bill???
.@SenToomey When/where will your town hall meeting be held during this recess?
Thank you for this, could you come have a town hall so we can thank you in person and talk about other issues facing your constituents?
And yet you still supported bigot DeVos for S. Of Ed. I will thank Markey b/c you have shown what a bigot you can be in your appointments.
So you reserve the honor killings for sick, poor and elderly in your home state and across the country?
Thank God you draw a line at murder. Not much else,  esp just "letting " people die without healthcare
I m sure trump will  UNDO ALL YOUR EFFORTS NEXT WEEK
Are you kidding us???
That's good. Now what about this talk of repealing #ACA without bothering yourselves with a replacement?
I certainly hope so Sir!
Yet you've done nothing to mark #pride month. Gay folks are invisible to you unless we are useful political pawns. Got it. #realpa
Really? Yet you never stand up for Americans. You are actively trying to take our healthcare. You refuse to represent us, so resign
Thank you!
Where does your president stand on this issue?  Oh that's right, he has congress holding up your sanctions bill.
But what are you doing to advance #CivilRights and protections for LGBTQ individuals in schools and states across America? NC? IN?
Pat will do anything for optics. Anything. As long as he gets to cut everything into a death spiral and then whine about lack of funds.
Condemn Russia for honor killings, but not hacking into our election? Nice work.
Okay, this should be a lay-up but I'll give you credit. You deserve a break. How about a few days off...
How about bipartisan ACA reform?
Doubt if you'll get any help from the Putin/Trump administration.
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/880892632142143490 … I guess it is more civil to kill them by withdrawing healthcare.
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely with.... 
Meanwhile we are punishing sanctuary cities in a sanctuary country 
How about bipartisan efforts here at home?
Glad you could find something to be proud about these days. Too bad you couldn't show a little more pride or leadership sooner
Thank you, Senator. This is wonderful news and progress!
Does your party know you feel this way ? I don't think so.  @GOP
Good.
Nice to hear. Now, can we have a real town hall to discuss LGBT issues in US and our healthcare?
Defends gay men in Chechnya, won't defend gay men at home. 
Hey Pat, how about a bipartisan effort to condemn Russian sympathizer @realDonaldTrump for his ongoing assault to decency and morality?
Thank you!!!! I love this!!!
Hey are you finally listening to your constitutes and fighting back DonTheCon's hateful, non Christian agenda?  Not bloody likely!
You're a real profile in courage Pat. Think you can get the psychotic POTUS and head of your party to do the same?
Great news, thank you Senator! So you understand that attacking society's most vulnerable in the name of "traditional values" is wrong?
Thank you for this.
Sen Toomey , let's hear you condemn Trumps tweets harshly . Grow a backbone !
Maybe you should condemn the unstable behavior or @realDonaldTrump
Those are just words, senator. Put your money where your mouth is. DO something for LGBTQ+
Why are you OK with voter suppression efforts by your party? Shameful. #unAmerican
I agree. Most of what you say is bad, but this isn't.
Start representing the LGBT community in Pennsylvania and not the Koch brothers financial machine.
Hot damn! Finally you come down on the right side of an issue.
You can be proud of a statement of condemnation. Got that. You should be abjectly ashamed of your efforts AGAINST your constituents.
wow, actionless words, so bold, so brave.
Weird. So now you're bipartisan, after hiding a healthcare bill and trying to cram it through on a partisan vote? #hypocrite
This is the first like you've gotten out of me. Nice work. Please pursue more bipartisan initiatives.
Get something done for the USA dammit!  Pass some of Trumps election given mandates!  Now!  Don't go on recess after doing nothing for USA!
@SenToomey DO not insult my intelligence. 
You care only about the people who give you $$ and pushing a Christian Theocracy on us Women
One honorable act does not mitigate all the bad you consistently do - Betsy Devos, Medicaid cuts, etc
Did you thank Russia for giving us President Trump?
Now, PROTECT YOUR OWN CONSTITUENTS fm Trumpcare. Join Markey on this! Stop supporting McConnell/Ryan plan 2 cut care & give tax cuts 2 rich.
Something I get behind.  excellent.
The @VP, whose admin you support is a major domestic threat to LGBTQIA equality. How do you square these things?
This is like, the first pro-LGBT thing I've ever seen you do. Maybe you should continue this trend w your own constituents. Would appreciate
You could start w having a town hall, putting a category for LGBT issues on your website, and protecting our rights
Continue by making sure we are counted on the Census, defending the deprecation of Church and State, and protecting our healthcare
And by all means continue supporting international efforts to protect the LGBT community from harassment, persecution, and discrimination
Senator, today is last day of June. You have not publicly acknowledged #PrideMonth Please do so if you are serious on #LGBTQIA issues.
This is a great reason 4 bipartisan effort! Please lead a bipartisan effort for healthcare. Our LGBTQ community deserves healthcare too.
Agreed.
Town Hall Meeting? Much to discuss. Please provide date, time and location
That is good.  Is your humane side showing.  You should denounce Russian Involvement in the Election of your leader also
Don't jump the gun there, Debra. As far as I can see no humanity has been shown from Toomey yet.
Truth.
Then why don't you join Sen Markey and draft a good healthcare bill? You seem like a good man and Penn citizens need it too.
#shame
Loud, angry chants of SHAME as Trump's motorcade arrives @ Trump Hotel for fundraiser 
#PUTIN IS A KILLER
#AHCA WILL BE A KILLER.
