current beltway mentality is cut taxes!!  Time to raise taxes on the 1% !!
why - you need some more free stuff?
Wait- you work with data on PR and don't understand the importance of government properly funding basic healthcare? PR deserves better.
excuse me? You read one tweet and assume you know my position on Medicaid parity for PR? Here is some background http://www.prnewsroundup.com/wiki/index.php?title=Main_Page#Puerto_Rico_health_care …
That tweet suggested Medicaid was "free" and unwarranted
check out Florida which has no income tax. Folks working at McDonalds are funding Medicaid there. Not the rich folks
So you are for or against taxing the 1% more appropriately. Your "free stuff" ? Was confusing. I don't need free stuff, but some do...
those that need support it should be provided. But raising taxes to endlessly provide public services is not a conservative approach.
We are so tired of footing the bill for those too lazy to pay their own way! We will gladly help those who truly need it!
Speak for yourself, cultist. I would rather my taxes go to healthcare rather than billionaire's. Why should I subsidize their luxury?
I never understood this aversion to providing everyone access to affordable healthcare. And the GOP is just outright lying @ this point.
GOP voters want healthcare for themselves. However, they see people of color as lazy. And they therefore believe that we don't deserve it.
I NEVER said a word about color! That's your own prejudice coming out! Ridiculous!
...access to affordable healthcare? The poor (especially they very young or elderly), LGBTQ folks, & brown folks.  You have to...
Do you really in your heart think we want people to do without the best healthcare possible? If so please know that is so far from the truth
Mr. Secretary, a cut is a cut (chart from Avalere Health). (1)
A cut means children will lose coverage (chart from Urban Institute). (2)
A cut means citizens in every state will lose their health coverage (chart from Urban Institute). (3)
It is also a cut to state officials who have to make up for federal reductions (chart from nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office). (4)
It is undoubtedly a cut to the 21-22 million losing health insurance coverage (data from nonpartisan CBO). (5)
Seems a tad unfair when federal govt requires states to pay higher inflation rate to the federal govt than federal govt pays states. (6)
Imposing enormous budget shortfalls upon states is even worse than a cut to those who will be eventually harmed. (7)
And the Senate bill will negatively threaten the health of children, like Nathaniel Rankin. https://www.statnews.com/2017/02/21/medicaid-nathaniels-story/ … (8)
How did someone so ignorant get your job?
Regulate insurance companies+Get big pharma out+reduce Medicare elig to 50+Make congress pay 4 their own healthcare = problem solved! 
why don't you show the cost of health care going back to 2001 - what does that graph look like-I would like to see a graph of YOUR wealth!
Fauughh! That's not what's happening here. Tis you who has a beltway mentality.
and the price of a house / utilities/ automobiles etc-but that doesn't count - why do we have so many cancers survivors? we SPEND MORE on it
You are a traitor to your country and you will go down with the Orange Blob.
Maybe if the drug lobby stopped paying off crooked politicians like you cost could be lower for the rest of America!
amen hallelujah! Thank you for saying it. They think we don't know what they are really doing!
You have to keep big pharma & insurance companies happy. That keeps those bribes and stock tips coming in.  You've no ethics or compassion.
Let's put Americans on the FEHBP for 5 years and rip out O'Care by the roots. Great coverage and promises kept.
This is from a Blog by @SecPriceMD  He invested in healthcare companies while pushing policies to benefit them.
You are a liar
You are liar. How can you give tax cuts to the rich, cut benefits to everyone else, & have billions of new spending? Not a Sustainable LIE.
No.  We need representatives that care about people, not $$$.
Bravo! 
Is Trumps whole administration dishonest?
Stop using cliches like beltway mentality. They are meaningless. You are a shill for big health care & big pharma
@SenToomey it's a cut to people who need insurance. But helping your stock portfolio

At @SenBobCasey visiting @IU13 to discuss threats to Medicaid with parents of high-need kids. 
Sure, "It's not a cut"  It's a gift to the rich!
Tom Price is only interested in making his boss look good.Donald Trump is only interested in claiming he won on something. You represent PA.
Town meeting in PA. NOW. We're getting tired of waiting.
are you disconnected? If Washington spends less than what they were planning to spend its a cut. Only in Washington.
Actually we need to hold u accountable for illegally profiting from stock purchases in companies u were passing favorable laws on.

The Trump Administration’s Own Data Says Obamacare Isn’t Imploding | FiveThirtyEight https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-trump-administrations-own-data-says-obamacare-isnt-imploding/?ex_cid=newsletter-top-stories …
Memes aren't reality, sparky
Medical care is a human right and if rich people's taxes go up,  so be it.  Google "The Social Contract."
Make every provider hospital to display their charges for common tests and procedure
To fix health care cost fix the arrogant Monopoly of big hospital system swindling insurance companies!
But you don't seem to care abou the spending itself, as long as the Federal government doesn't have to pay.The problem is cost, not who pays
Tom Price, violated the Hippocratic oath by supporting death panel Trumpcare
Town Prices medical license should be revoked! Price=disgrace to the medical profession! He is breaking Hippocratic Oath!
And not one provision  to reduce costs of medicine, except "free market" next time I visit the ER I'll be sure to shop around first. Right.
So do it
When corporations/business don't pay wages, the government makes up the difference. Pay a living wage, fewer would need Medicaid.
How do you sleep at night? Lying to the American people like this
Misinformation. Medicaid spending mostly for aged. Must increase faster for seniorboomers.
#DontStopRepealin, Tom. Don't. Stop. Repealing. Repeal EVERY law that protects and props up the #healthinsurance industry.
Does Mitch McConnell have your phone no? Sen Cruz, etc.
Seems you have good plans that nobody has SEEN. Need to get word out


From which company or corporation do you two stand to reap benefits for these cuts? Please let constituents know-We want insider trading too
HC for profit has us paying $1-1.6 TRILLION MORE /yr than peer nation systems would. AND they get better outcomes! What could $1.6T solve?
Have a Town Hall where the participants are NOT chosen. Have a Real Public Town Hall. We want to talk to you.

What's most important? Healthcare for those who need it. Not tax cuts for the wealthy
You put those BS graphs up to confuse, because you can't simply say your bill helps more people at a lower cost. You know it's not true.
To compromise we must pull out All Medicaid language from the Bill. Mitch has no votes to pass it in the current form. He made it public.
The definition of a cut. Straight from @WhiteHouse https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/28/15890750/trump-medicaid-chart-fix …
STOP with the phony numbers, spending always has to go up to keep up with inflation and growing populations. You're cutting SHAME! #BCRA
This post is called "dishonest" by those who don't lie.
And millions  of people who can't afford health care is still a bigger issue! @WillieGeist
@SenBobCasey So the other senator from PA still favors $$s over people!
Don't believe you con artists. Every advocacy org is telling their seniors and I am telling disabled that you are cutting Medicaid. LIar.
Really you should stop now. Clearly no one believes anything you or the GOP says on healthcare
YES IT IS. WE'RE NOT STUPID.
It certainly is a cut to those who qualify but will not receive it because u preferred to reward yr rich buddies
Take your case to the American people, outside budget reconcil process. Consult, accept amendments, etc. GOP have no case for healthcare.
Do you simply not understand, or is this obfuscation purposeful?  And what about the Hippocratic Oath?
Propoganda. GOP needs to stop lying. CBO has already presented the definitive analysis. Medicaid cuts indisputable. This is a tax bill.
Toomey you have no excuse not to pass health care bill.   Do your job!
How about if we peg Congressional and Cabinet Secretary pay and retirement benefits to the extent US citizens have health care coverage?
Our extent of coverage makes us look like a third-world country
https://www.cms.gov/CCIIO/Programs-and-Initiatives/Premium-Stabilization-Programs/Downloads/Summary-Reinsurance-Payments-Risk-2016.pdf …
@SenToomey when do you intend to meet with all of your constituents rather than a handpicked select few?  When's the open town hall?
senate healthcare is a tax break for upper income folks your supporters will lose healthcare a cheap bad plan is like no healthcare
Are you & Trump & Co. that stupid, or do you think the American people are? Most of us understand what cutting funding means.
When is an increase consider a cut? When the increase is so small it will not keep up with normal increase costs of living and care.
Give Medicare back to Seniors and children- cut the others OFF!!!!!!!
Let's see the same graph with healthcare cost inflation and recipient population growth plotted.
It's a cut when you reduce future levels of spending
Wow. The good "Doctor" retweeted by lying Pat Toomey.
Exemplifies the misleading alt-facts used to whitewash BRCA: "cuts to future spending are not cuts".
Mentality?  Sir, you know better. The comparison is to the current level of spending, not zero.   Why do you feel the need to mislead?
You tired old HIPPO CRATE take that MD away from your name.  Doctor heal thyself.  Stop hacking up your gross phlegm all over We The People
Here's a great way 2 break it, give it all 2 the top 400 highest earning households and let poor, disabled people die in a ditch.  CC: @GOP
As a republican myself, I come to the conclusion repubs have no idea how to govern only be an opposition party.
Why do these folks always hide the fact that the POPULATION is growing as well? (USA in 1970? 200million, 2017? $324million)... #Math
But an $800 billion tax cut for the rich is ok with you!  You fail to support Americans with broken Trump promises!
Only in Washington do the rich get a tax break on the backs of the poor, disabled, and sick.  #factsmatter
.@SecPriceMD http://www.cbpp.org/research/health/senate-health-care-bill-ends-medicaid-as-we-know-it-with-even-bigger-cuts-than-house … 
You need to remove that MD from your title as you no longer protect the sick
that is not "new spending" but what is projected because of rising costs #factsmatter
So this applies to military spending too?  Or just to cutting health care for children, poor and elderly?
You are the beltway mentality.  You!
Here's the *real* info graphic as predicted by CBO. Stop lying
I would bet a lot of money these numbers are bogus. Surely something shady and not accurate. Bought any stock with insider info lately?
Hey Dr Price: put in spending per the current law. Then we see how  "wealth care" works: steal from the poor to give to your rich pals.
Dr. Price, 
1. The dollars need to be adjusted for inflation 
2. The graph needs to be compared to the CURRENT LAW (ie ACA) expected outlay
tell that to the 23 million people who will lose coverage, sparky
I want it all cut but the Dem lies are worse
If you plot the ACA line you will see that it it is above the BCRA line so IT IS A CUT. U r showing increase in BCRA spending.  Nice try.
The se billions are a tax cut for the Kochs-seems it will still be spent. Where is the investigation into your perjury? @FBI @SenSchumer
Classic lie with graph and chart - compare w/ what the increase in Medicaid spending under ACA was going to be, this is a massive cut.
@SecPriceMD ok the economics vary between increases& cuts but Americans are asking about their individual cost of premiums! #MHCAA!
In spite of all the hostile tweets you get , I have faith you will stay the course....you didn't create this mess...god bless
Shut up 
Liar. You are taking healthcare from millions for the profits of you and your rich friends.
It's horrible how you are intentionally misleading people. Inflation, population growth, etc. not factored in. You are lying.
22 million without access to coverage is 22 million fewer covered. $800bil less for Medicaid is not an increase. #DeathParty #Trumpcare
I'm getting mad. My husband is about to be diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's. This is a most cruel cut, you f*er.
Nice try, but when are you going to realize tax breaks for the rich is not a healthcare plan?
Yes, *alternative* math. 
no one believes or trust you
Enough with the lies put up side by side apples to apples analysis and then we can talk plus stop undermining the ACA
Ah, Tommy. I notice you've made grandiose statements but have forgotten the details! Gee, could it be because they DISPROVE your headlines?
An increase would be a cut if you put in per capita terms, adjusted for cost increase.  So if providing less services, it is a cut
#AlternativeFacts you've spent your entire political career trying to dismantle Medicaid. You have no shame, no morals, no dignity, no soul
And Pat, I think sec. Price would be one of several good witnesses at a hearing on this bill.  Why won't you support an open process?
Without an open hearing process, I assume you are hiding something.  Is this how much you will profit off the bill?
LIAR! Trumpcare represents a massive Medicaid cut relative to current law (approx $160 billion in 2026) resulting in massive coverage losses
McConnell: "If we can't repeal Obamacare, we'll fix it" - so please do @SenToomey. We WANT you to work with the @SenateDems and FIX the ACA!
Where?Right here! It's not enough 2 address the opioid epidemic. If we don't address public health crisis now it will cost much more later.
This is bullshit. After 2026 the #Brca guts Medicaid. Millions WILL lose coverage. Thousands will DIE. And you lie. #Shameonyou

you are secretary of health and human services. Start focusing on health and humanity and do your job
You suck.....
Do no harm. 

Also, that y-axis wouldn't get by in organic chemistry or intro to econ. And don't discount inflation. 

Don't lie to us.
Tom Price reveals how stupid he thinks we are in one tweet http://thkpr.gs/3d2a73ffebf0  How his graph reveals how he's lying.
The tax credits will actually end up costing the government more money than the subsidies, yet will benefit wealthier people.
How is giving tax cuts to the wealthy going to solve this problem?

This is a blatant lie. The CBO disagrees with you. 

Read for yourself FFS:
There are folks who believe the #Democrat spin that #Medicaid spending will be cut by Republicans. It's cruel to freighter ppl with lies!
You're a good for nothing Liar as well.  Good to see you follow Trump and use twitter to tell you lies.
Two idiots, nice!
OMG. Toomey is retweeting Tom Price. Both ethically challenged legislators who want to give back to the insurance companies and the rich.
When you clowns have to use the plan for your family then I may start to listen. Right now it's just a tax cut and bullshit
How DARE you purport to call yourself a doctor? A scientist? False graph - talk per capita! Show us the whole story. #lies #notarealdoctor
IF THERE ISNT ENOUGH MONEY TO COVER THE INCREASING POPULATION, ITS A CUT!!
You've miss the point.  Remember For The People. How have YOU paid for a 14 yr. War without raising taxes & increasing the nat. debt by 5%?
Tommy shut up nobody cares about your thoughts.  We need you to be quiet please
When the "billions" make their way to billionaires, there's something rotten in the GOP!
Just saw @SenToomey on @NBCNightlyNews - your excuse for that horrible health care bill - we didn't expect @realDonaldTrump to win?! Sad!
I feel bad u guys struggle so to spin the FACTS of ur bill. Here's some help for you
Of course Tom. Only tax cut for the riches and Medicaid cut are cuts. The good cuts YOU will get behind
Let's start with that stupid wall that your boss wants to erect!
Cut your profiteering at taxpayers' expense. Don't cut the health care of those you are supposed to serve. Shameful service.
Haven't you been indicted yet for your "Hip Act" legislation while you owned stock in a company that would enrich yourself?
The entitled left can't comprehend your argument.  They are like children throwing a fit because they didn't get the whole candy bar.
Source for your chart W/ Independent data. Bcs the CBO score states that 22mil will lose coverage & Medicaid is cut. #SavetheACA #TownHall



No, it isn't, but the only cuts projected by the bill are cuts in health care and a boon for the rich. It is an abomination not benefit.
Resign.
#FakeNews
It is when it's not adjusted for inflation.
It doesn't keep up with health costs, people will LOSE benefits but you won't call it a cut. I pray I never get a doctor like you.
Students can no longer trust the @HHSGov website to use in their research. This is pushing an agenda, not unbiased data.
Already covered why this graph is a gross misrepresentation of the data. You should be ashamed Dr Price. https://twitter.com/samwangphd/status/879807823470874624 …
Show the decade before 2017 you doofus
You betcha we need to break the beltway mentality, healthcare is not a tax cut for the rich, it's ppls lives!
It's obvious you are a better doctor than Secretary-- and too many of your public pronouncements show you're a crappy doctor.
wrong. billions in mitary spending is not a cut. medicare for all is needed. cooperation is needed. you've been beltway mentality.
Rt @TopherSpiro This kind of Orwellian propaganda is dangerous.It's carefully designed 2 appeal to base instincts to manipulate the audience
Quite disingenuous. Would you mind adding to the graph a line showing no changes to Medicaid including the proposed change annual increase?
But billions in less spending is a cut. Stop jerking us around.
This graph is misleading: you don't compare to what it would be without AHCA, which is much higher than this. This is a reduction, or "cut"
Are you able to sleep at night with the knowledge of exactly how dishonest you are?
Yea nice try.  Put in a big dollar amount to make it look otherwise. We are not stupid.

You lie too! How much money did you make off big pharma?

Liar. Be honest. Bill decreases planned amount that will be spent on poor/disabled/kids by $160B thru 2026. Not chump change. #Indefensible
Big man pig man, ha ha, charade you are- Pink Floyd for Tom Price
Nice try Tom
Where are you Pat? Still hiding?
Tricky republicans, always can sell you one shoe, and let yu think yu got a deal cause its on sale !!  Nothing changed since tricky dick...
You should be banned from government for insider trading.
typical gop. cut taxes & crash economy & then leave it to the rest of us to recover. what does this do to home care? wreck it that's what
FYI, we see through your paltry attempt to skew opinion toward your #neoliberal policy of self-enrichment at the expense of the PEOPLE
Spin it any way you want, it's a tax cut for the rich with a death side-effect for the rest of us.
What do you expect to happen to all of these people reliant on Medicaid? Throw them off of cliffs? This is a COUNTRY, not a business!
If you honestly cared about spending, you wouldn't be taking that money and funneling it into a tax cut that benefits ONLY the rich
yeah dude, it is a cut, because as time progresses our population is not static.
We want same coverage you and the other 535 members of congress have. New bill would be 1 page long. You sir are a liar and blood sucker!
Did you take the Hippocratic Oath? You're lying to and harming Americans, as patients.
YOUR MD LICENSE SHOULD REVOKED! 1st rule of medicine is do no harm-- your bill kills!
And for brains don't make you a smart or deserving secy of @HHSGov either. Go tell that lie to those who don't know the difference.
Too bad that chart is a lie and cuts Medicaid and caps $$ as prices increase. Let's see how it looks with the current ACA plan.
By the way, that graph looks as if a two year old generated it. Wow....
Thank goodness those billions are going straight to your owners!
You should be in prison. Buy medical device stock while writing and voting on laws that regulate medical devices. #DrainTheSwamp LOL
LIAR. You are cutting BILLIONS from Medicaid & assuming people will just willingly go without healthcare. Your "increase " is a fallacy.
That HC Bill is nothing but a Tax Cut for the 1%. You sir are a liar and a crook. You and your @realDonaldTrump will be behind bars soon.
