What about all of the people who will lose healthcare with Trumpcare? You do realize that prayers don't heal people.
Too bad, toe-licking Toomstone Toomey, your sincerity is obliterated by your hypocrisy.
Repeal our senators #healthcare
Please stop with your fake concern  you purposely left yourselves out of the new healthcare plan he'll be fine with his Cadillac ins.
Why don't u give yourselves the same insurance you claim is better? I think u should have to! Then u wouldn't be so quick 2 repeal / replace
Nothing but a sense of fulfillment of your duty of country from our government then you wouldn't be too quick to kill millions! One of them
Could very well be you at that point and there's the whole problem it's never y'all! You can say the rules don't apply & your exempt! We
you been 2 b on the same level as us if your gonna make decisions  effecting if we live or die. This way we can believe it's in our interest
He's not a hero today. You will never be one.
are u also gonna pray for 20 million people whose healthcare you're taking away? that's a lot of praying...
Please help us from being censored on social media. Look. Pass a Bill that prevents Twitter and Facebook censoring conservatives.Big problem
FB and Twitter are private companies. Posting is not a right.
So are cake stores. But They are not allowed to discriminate. So you're incorrect. The government can step in.
Irrelevant. Retail establishments are different than online SM companies.
I just explained that it was different.  Where did I give an opinion of its merits?
You are a total hypocrite, Pat.Every American deserves the same level of health coverage as WE TAXPAYERS provide for your family and John's!
Vote #no; show some integrity like #SenJohnMcCain; be willing to fix in a dignified, transparent bipartisan effort!
It's your time pat Toomney to stand up to the grifter. Show that American Lives Matter, resist the fat fool.
Too bad your constituents are being stripped of healthcare while you senators don't mind using it, while we foot the bill. Abuse of power!
You are not a Christian willing to take healthcare away, not willing to make it your healthcare plan, no clean air, water
Why deny your constituents the affordable health care that Sen. McCain enjoys? For god's sake, do the right thing. #SaveTheACA #NoRepeal
Unlike YOU..American ZERO
I wish John McCain well. Great that he has taxpayer funded health insurance and not have to worry about bankruptcy with cost of treatment.
Wouldn't it be great if all Americans could afford health care?
Prayers are enough when you have healthcare.When you don't have healthcare, prayers aren't enough. We all need the same healthcare you have.
But the irony of John McCain having life saving healthcare and you trying to take ours away is not lost on any of us.
The difference between a suck up @SenToomey  and a great man
John McCain is an American hero & one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.
McCain is an American hero, however, I don't remember you defending him when Trump insulted him and other POWs for "getting captured".
Is that true Mr Toomney? Are you an appeaser?
And health insurance. Thank goodness he has good coverage. Shouldn't we all?
This is McCain's 2nd cancer. Under Sen bill, he would've had pre-existing condition before this diagnosis.
"He's not a war hero," Trump said. "He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured."
good thoughts sent to John McCain and family. with all due respect,this comment is meant for Toomey:  we would love your healthcare
Yes i wish his family all the best in this horrible time. He knows that he also reps  people who didnt vote for him. Take a lesson.
And what do you say to the millions who wouldn't have his same coverage and good care if it were up to you?
Bet you pissed your pants when @SenJohnMcCain voted against Trumpcare :)
@SenJohnMcCain is receiving the very best care for his cancer treatment. All Americans deserve the same level of care and healthcare access.
I do as well. At least you weren't trying to take away his health care.
Prayers 4 McCain. Too bad u don't care as much for the people you're taking their healthcare away. You're disgusting
Youre a fraud You voted yes  to hunt baby bears & wolves sleeping in their dens & yes to oil & gas drilling in federal wildlife sanctuaries
Imagine what he and his family would be going through this without Health Insurance?
Imagine facing this battle knowing that the longer you fight the more likely you are to bankrupt your family.
And so does every other correct thinking America. Our prayers are with you Senator McCain and family
Think about what a travesty it would be to him & his family if he didn't have Healthcare. Put us b4 partisan politics & greed & support #ACA
You could not lick his boots Mr. Liar........
A HERO??? This sorry excuse is trying to vote out my #preexistingconditions I wish 8had his health insurance and all the perks he gets
Praying for his health! A great American who spoke for his constituents. Wish you did too!
Not according to DT, heroes don't get captured.  He is a hero to the rest of #America fight on Senator John McCain.
Sen. Toomey, just a thought, would you advocate taking away his healthcare???
Not per the POTUS that you continue to support who said he was not a hero. #JohnMcCain
This is heartbreaking. I wish the best for him & his family. 

Life is fragile. Please think about that before you take my HC away.
You are my senator but do not speak for me. Agree to the same healthcare for us as you get in the senate. Anything less is hypocritical.
I like John McCain. I hope he is ok. Good thing he has health care.
Yes, we all pray for him.  We also pray that you and the @SenateGOP ensure that all Americans have access to quality health care.
You're right, he's a hero. But potus  doesn't think so, so how about if you disagree w/ him on McCain you could disagree on health care too?
You support a bill that could kill people in his situation
I agree! Good thing he has that sweet (government provided) health care plan. Speaking of, please save the #ACA #preexistingconditions
This is the only thing that I agree with you about.

It's a blessing that he has some very good insurance. I can't imagine what would happen if he didn't. Get well soon, @SenJohnMcCain.
good thing he has excellent healthcare paid for by taxpayers eh Pat?! @TuesdaysToomey
Hey Pat! One of your constituency here 
. Stop trying to destroy the ACA! 19070.
Your sincerity is entirely suspect at this point. You lie so much that nothing you say can be trusted.
And yet you're a shameless rubber stamp for the POTUS who denigrated him and his service.
Agreed. Wishing peace to an American hero. His tumor was found early, during a physical. BECAUSE HE HAD HEALTH INSURANCE.
NOW, GO WORK YOUR BEHIND OFF TO MAKE SURE EVERYONE GETS COVERAGE, YOU CRAVEN HACK.
How are yournprayers comin along for the millions you wanna take health care away from?
And be grateful he doesn't need trumpcare
Glad he has health care!
Thankfully McCain would be exempt from the horrible healthcare bill Toomey helped write.
Really man. Come on. That was tasteless.
One thing we agree on.
But you didn't speak upper him when your buddy @realDonaldTrump called him a loser for getting captured now did you Pat ? Hypocrite again
meant to say Up for him, sorry, just so upset with @SenToomey and his awful ways,  I didn't check my typing.
We're all upset with Toomey.
Wish you cared that much about the 32 mil you want to kill
I, too, wish him well.

But do you send prayers of strength to the 32 millions Americans that you want to leave without health coverage?
The hate for McCain from Trump supporter's tonight on Twitter is deplorable
Throwing 32 million people off their insurance doesn't make you a hero. It makes you a monster.
You know what's better than prayers? Health insurance. #SaveACA
Amen
