On this, I agree with you.  Perhaps you should not be so in lock step with the White House.
Thank you, @SenToomey! Please continue to stand up for LGBTQ rights in America, too! Support the #EqualityAct
TY for your support!
How about you stand up for your constituents and fight against your Russian overlords? Trump is Vladdys puppet afterall.
You are right but forgive me if I think you could better support gay men in the US by supporting things like gay marriage, adoption, etc.
THank you for your thoughts. Very important. But your embracing trump's xenophobia in the usa is just as evil. .
Glad you have so much compassion for Russian LGBTQ. But when will GOP stop it's horrific assault on sexual minorities here in the U.S.?
Let's stop Russia interfering in our political system and lining  Trumps pockets with oil deals.
Finally....Finally, you say something other than the normal GOP tool speech. What are you going to do now? Support @HRC? @womensmarch
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL YOU!
You do not seem like someone that cares about gay rights. What's your point here? Hate Putin? Protect Americans' rights.
Wow! Acknowledging gay people are human and have rights!!!! #pander #younevercaredbefore Prove your sincerity  #federalLGBTrights
Where are your town hall meetings?Nice to hold phone meetings IN ADDITION,but they do not substitute for the real face-to-face. Do your job!
Wow, I'm amazed you've tweeted something that advocates for human beings, Senator!

Yet you support @VP who is viciously anti gay, believes in #conversiontherapy, and thinks being gay is a sin. I smell a hypocrite.
#russiagate #russianinfluence #independentprosecutor
Why the sudden flip in support of LBTQ discrimination, how about supporting rights in the US
Thx for caring. However, Q: is opposing brutal murder where your compassion for gays *starts* ?  Based on your record, seems like it might.
thank you Sen. Toomey!
You are gay and terrified
Haven't seen you speak out about the NC law and other laws that allow discrimination in US. Sad hypocrite!
Thank you for calling out these atrocities! We don't disagree on everything. Please have a town hall so we can talk more!
I absolutely agree
You need to also take a close look at #GOP positions on #LGBT issues.
Stop trying to use more fear factors. You are complacent 
You share the blame
And you need to show up & face you constiuents
Agree! But maybe you could do a better job of supporting LGBTQ right here in the US Senator!
Yes, but you and the rest of the republican agenda needs to stop trying to hide the collusion! #TheResistance #trumprussia #TrumpColluded
And we need to know what ties Trump has to them. Make him release his taxes!
With your record on LGBT affairs, you have a hell of a lot nerves to claim you care!
And you need to stop supporting a prez who is a Russian puppet. Until you call for indep investigation into Trump, you are part of problem
the first thing we agree on!! What are you doing about this? And what are you doing for equal rights of local lgbtq? #realPA
Look at you, standing up for human rights! How about you do the same for Americans? Like healthcare for everyone, including women?
When are you going to do something about Trump's ties to Russia?
While you're at it, tell them to stop tampering in our elections too.
Well finally you have taken a stand on  the horror and suffering sustained by innocents! Good job!
Why are telling me what it needs, Dick?
Yay we agree on something!
thank you for speaking out about this from your constituent
How about worrying about US human rights violations before pointing fingers at Russia?
Yes it's horrible, but we need to stop hate HERE 1rst
You voted to ban gay marriage and adoptions yet think Russian dehumanization of gays is "horrendous." You are truly a hypocrite.
Republicans need to stay out of women's rights and health care.   Your VP thinks he can brainwash the gay away. #impeachtrump #notmyvicepres
So does this mean you will advocate for LGBTQ rights in the US?
Hahahaha hahahaha not a chance!
what are you doing about it except trying for more good PR?
Really, Pat Toomey?  This is your comment after the Afghan bombing today?
Finally something we agree on.  What's the plan?  Are you willing to dissent with Trump's Russia?
He won't even stop trying to kill women, elderly and poor people in the US (with your help of course)
Great start. What are you doing to help us *here*, buddy.
So what are you doing about it besides a nice Twitter platitude?
Wow @SenToomey. We agree on something. This is a start. Hold a town hall so we can discuss more topics.
Why don't you change your name from philly resist to "the philly communists" or "The original party of hate"?
Interesting suggestions but since neither describes me, I'll stick with my current username. Thanks for trying to help!
You voted for Erik Prince's sister (bought vote) and Tillerson. You are #complicit.
Do you have no control over this ignoramus in the WH? $314 mil in bombs today and $100 mil less than a week ago - 414 million dollars!
If only they had guns to protect themselves...gun control kills.
How about #TownHall #REALPA
I'm glad to see you speak out against this. No one deserves to be mistreated or killed based on their sexual orientation.
With such a hollowed out State Dept as your party has assisted in creating, how is this not just rhetoric? #somanyquestions #TownHall
Honestly Pat I'm really glad that you care about this because I'm not seeing a lot of others comment. Still, you got a lot to make up for.
What is your position regarding collusion of Trump campaign with Russia? Is Tillerson capable of enforcing this demand?
Thanks you for speaking up.  Wish all Congress members would @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLeader @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
What is the plan when they say no to your tweet?
How about you investigate #Trumprussia or even put more sanctions on Russia for election hacks? Or care about #realpa
CARTER PAGE FYLNN KUSHNER SESSION MANFORTE ALL RUSSIAN TIES
It was also pretty bad when they tampered with our presidential election and got @realDonaldTrump elected. #Impeach45 #fakepresident #warpig
Don't seem to mind Democratic funds from Saudi do you? Hmmmmm
