How about we all have the healthcare you have? Or you and yours have to have the healthcare you want us to live (and die) with? Seems fair.
How about you get hired for the job if you want the benefits that come with the job. Seems fair.
lolllll hope you have a hell of a job, honey. Because even the employed aren't safe. Read it. Go ahead
Well munchkin, if you want the same exact insurance that someone has you have to be willing to accept the same job. Get it?
Willing to accept the same job? No. I don't get it. What exactly is your argument? Accept? Yeah, please. Send everyone great paying jobs
with great insurance. Because... That's how people get jobs. They just come to them and people just accept them.
Or, ah, are you trying to say you have to have a great job to deserve insurance? Are you, in all seriousness, my friend, saying if you don't
have access to money and resources, because of reasons beyond your control, to go to an extremely expensive college, or to know the right
Your Allentown office picked up on the third ring, then hung up! Nice!
If they don't record your opion he doesn't have to say his constituents told him to say NO...he can claim he thought we wanted the bill.
i persisted 
You have lied about every single aspect of this bill. How many calls and emails have you gotten opposing it?
We would love to know. How many calls? For/against? @azzurrifanphil @haliecraig @theomerkel @SamAFisher17 @RobtPSimpson @sk5395 @bradgrantz
Well, his phones go unanswered, I'm sure emails go the same way. I don't think he's been to his new Custom House office yet.
He doesn't give a sh*t. He's going to save the babies, get his friends a tax cut, & tell the 99% to bootstrap it.
No he's not. He's going to kill babies. 49% of US births via Medicaid
It’s a tax cut for your donors. Stop lying. Represent Pennsylvanians. Not your insurance company donors.
You suck!!!  I will work hard to vote you out!!
Would rather be reading your resignation
We will not forget.  We will fight against your re-election with everything we have.  I am not alone.
You will be haunted for the rest of your political career because of this bill that you wrote.
It's still a Wealthcare bill. Vote NO!
JAMES 2: 13---"judgement without mercy will be shown to anyone who has not been merciful."  Keep favoring those gold rings, you fool!
Updated doesn't mean better. Why don't you all just admit health care is a privilege not a right in the US.
What exactly is "Better" about it when seniors will have to pay 5 times as much for insurance and the poor will lose their Medicaid?
Thanks for taking my healthcare away from me, because of my pre existing conditions. Is my life worth 27k to you? Call me.
How can you possibly call this "Better Care"?  Oh wait probably because you don't know what it's like to need care and have to pay for it...
Never! Never!, did I feel like I have lost my ability to be civil! YOU, along with that abomination of a health care replacement, be damned!
We had our chance to get rid of him...
@SenToomey oh really?  Now we can read the updated version?  You're a real piece of  and we the people can't wait to vote you out of office
Trumpcare is a disaster for the folks of the Commonwealth of PA @SenToomey & we will not forget that you were one of its architects in 2022!
To many people will be uninsured do what is best and fix the problems with Obamacare, there is a happy medium!
500,000 veterans will lose coverage, but we can discuss at your townhall meeting? Please provide date and time. Remember who you work for!
You read it and fix it. I will work hard to defeat you in the next election. You are an embarrassment to PA.
So you see your party leadership sees it is not viable. And you?
@SenToomey will personally pay all your health care costs that are no longer covered under TrumpCare that were previously covered under ACA
Damn, wish this was a hard copy, need something to start my campfire
There will be no one because if this bill goes through the health care industry will be decimated.  The nursing home industry will be gone.
Can we have Town hall to discuss?    Or are you too busy trying to shove this thing thru?
Read your faxes.listen2 ur voicemails, read your tweets, answer your phone.have a townhall! Step out in ur hall!  We are trying to tell you!
#CanYouNot?
Your a black heart 
US infant mortality in bottom 2/3 globally. Maternal mortality worst in industrialized world. You are not pro-life. You are a fraud.
You are a monster.
This bill is a disgrace and will harm EVERY SINGLE person whether they are insured through employers or the ACA.  This bill will kill people
Why allow people w/ pre-existing conditions to be denied AFFORDABLE health care?  Why allow lifetime caps?  Why not mandate essentials?
Congrats to Toomey, who got what he loves more than meeting his constituents, time on Late Night where he his brazen lies were noted!
As your constituent I am asking you To rethink your support of a bill that will ultimately deprive many in PA of health care.
A righteous man knows the rights of the poor; a wicked man does not understand such knowledge.
 - Proverbs 29:7
...to rob older/less fortunate people of their chance to have coverage to benefit rich friends of yours!!!!
VOTE NO to the BCRA if you consider yourself a decent human being and Christian. You can not be that heartless ....
Can you explain why you think this is better than the ACA? I hear a lot of talk in one direction and your answer is "you read it"?
Hold a townhall in Pittsburgh.
Vote NO on this garbage.
Hey answer your phone. Voice mail is still full. Vote against limited health care and tax cut for rich.
I hate that you're never even considering to question the GOP agenda.
Over $750B tax cuts to the wealthy while over 22M lose Medicaid over the decade. No win here
You, your associates and those with your name will be remembered and hated, long after you are in office if you vote for this atrocity.
i vote Rep. I pay 17K A YEAR for health care. taking Medicaid from sick children is pure evil - don't do it or you will answer to G-d.
So many things are bad about GOPs TrumpCare: HUGE costs for 50-65yr olds, loss of EHBs in employer policies, pre-existing cond limits care..
At the end of the day, can you honestly look at Americans and say this plan is a better option? Leave ACA 'til you have something better.
22 more million uninsured, 15 million in the next year.  #KILLTHEBILL
Your performance on face the nation would be hilarious were your lies not so devastating.
22 million will lose insurance. Costs will go up. Coverage will go down. And you call this "Better" Healthcare. Really? VOTE NO!
Calling this guy does nothing.  He does not listen to his constituents.
Don't forget who you work for @SenToomey. PA, not Koch brothers. We are watching carefully.  Get on our side or get out #kochaine
Tax cut for earnings over $500k. PA is watching you, @SenToomey and we won't forget how you ruined healthcare. Get on PA's side or get out.
Aren't you Catholic? The Catholic Bishops called this bill UNACCEPTABLE you have a lot of explaining to do
Trump has been withholding subsidies from insurance companies within ACA exchanges. Obamacare is not failing. GOP is killing it. #trumpcare
Well it does allow rich people to save a lot of their money, so there's that. #WealthCare
#FullRepeal
You are a poor excuse for a public servant. #REPEALANDREPLACETOOMEY
Please vote no on healthcare save my fellow nurses and our patients thousands of hospitals will close
A 64-year-old with an income $56,800 pays $6,800 for a silver plan under current law, but $20,500 under the Senate bill. Insane!
You mean the republican death decree? Unless you face your constituents who pay your salary you matter little!
U mean the pay back the rich so u can keep yur job act? Call it what it is, Jughead
Clear out your voicemail message box your constituents want to call you
Shameful that you take pride in a bill that hurts the most vulnerable Americans. You are a public servant elected to help people. Do it.
Your lead to cut Medicaid will cost PA money.  Institutions are an entitlement.  As your cuts increase, so will institutional level of care.
Vote for this act, and we wish you and your family uncurable diseases that you will have given to so many millions.
Thanks to Obamacare she was able to stop worrying about the cost of her healthcare and focus on healing her body.
If it passes, when my mom loses her Medicaid and gets kicked out of the nursing home, you can know she will be dropped off at YOUR HOUSE!
https://www.yahoo.com/news/koch-urgency-conservative-network-fears-closing-window-075811642--election.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw … this is why the rush. Daddy will cut off the credit card
Cowards for not having hearings on this ridiculous bill.  At least Obama"cared"!   #nototrumpcare
The Republican Congress is targeting the poor and sick. Tens of thousands will die if 15 million lose coverage next year + 22 million later.


#Medicaid is as effective as private insurance at connecting low-income adults w/ clinical preventive services http://kaiserf.am/2sUPrlW  
Updated, but not better.
My father spent his last years debilitated in a nursing home. Medicaid kept my middle-class parents out of bankruptcy.
You have nothing to say 

As usual
Or do you continue to enjoy a better/higher level of coverage than those who put you in the secret cabal that crafted this?
How many of your constituents will see an adverse change to their premiums or level of coverage with this "Better Care," will you sign up 2?
Lies!
Do NOT vote yes on this bill. This will negatively impact millions of people. Like my sister.
How does cutting taxes for the wealthiest have a higher priority than affordable insurance for the masses. ACA was just starting to work,
Ted Cruz presumed against this bill (not evil enough for him). Right now YOURE MAKING ME LIKE TED CRUZ MORE THAN ANOTHER HUMAN (you). Crazy
Thank you, Janet & Thomas
We must have insurance. Our quality of life will not be worth living. Please help us by saying no to repeal and replace.
A vote for this bill is a vote against families. I urge you to listen to your constituents and take a stand against it. We are watching.
So, how many more people did you rob of health care to give the rich a big tax break? SAD!  Even the AMA doesn't support it. #BadrorAmerica
I beg you, please do not repeal/replace the ACA. It will devastate our family. Please think about us during this difficult time. ~
You should be so proud of yourself. 22 million people will lose health insurance. Takes a special group of people to pull this off!
We worked, paid out taxes, volunteered out time and helped others who were less fortunate  than us. Now, all our good is worth nothing.  ~
I  used to believe PA politicians were above the rest. I was a fool to believe it.
You just don't care about the people you work for.  I can't wait to vote you out of office
Proud. Obviously he will not qualify for health care. If we lose our ACA coverage, we will not be able to make it. We did not ask for this~
PA constituents demand public hearings for the health care bill. Listen to us for once.
Dealt a bad health hand. My son is a wonderful young man who has wanted to work for years. He got a job (8hrs a week) recently and he is so~
Heart disease. I worked since I was 15 years of age, I paid my way, did what I was supposed to do. Now, I may lose insurance because I was ~
And a few other anti immunity diseases made it impossible to work. My 28 year old son Thomas was born with Down Syndrome and a congenetial ~
Dear Senator Toomey, you might remember me from Eastern Industries. I lost respect for you on this bill. We all have Wall Street friends tho
Have you read this? Tax cuts for the rich, insurance rate increases & cuts to Medicaid, not sure u know who elected you.
And on Thursday you have a fundraiser hosted by CIGNA's lobbyist $$$$?
Residents? It will devistate our family. I was a RN who worked for 39 years until RA, Sjrogrens disease, Fibromyalgia, Spondylitis~
https://twitter.com/alexmleo/status/879433644758224899 … so lying like trump is your go to
Senator Toomey, I am a PA resident who has been appalled by your support of R/R of ACA. Do you realize what you are doing to many PA ~
I'm a constituent, sir. My sister has MS and your closed door bill will ruin her financially. My personal mission will be to knock on doors
To remind each and every person negatively impacted that you were proud to write this
That you padded the pockets of the rich to undermine the most vulnerable.
You don't care about Pennsylvanians
The people of Pennsylvania are bigger than this bill.  Unfortunately, it appears that you, sir, are not.
Please don't bother running again. You don't represent Pennsylvania and their interest.
CBO  -how plan reduces premiums "with older and poorer Americans most likely priced out, would bring these premiums down" u proud of that?
I am a life long Republican, last time I vote for you
Vote NO.  We will remember
Vote #NO
Pat, your constituents do not support this bill.  PLEASE try representing us for once.
States should keep all monies State and Federal  and spend it as we see fit & give Feds and small % to live by.. How would you like that?
Explain again how kicking 20M people off of Medicaid is "better care?" Oh- it's sarcastic. I get it now.
Let's have public hearing..
Senator Toomey having dinner tonight with your mentor? Surely the devil has  many compliments to bestow on you and your Republican peers!
Maybe you should read it in bed against it!
You are my Senator , fans go on answered voicemail for emails and answered you work for the people
Oh look, my Senator is pro killing children and the elderly, how nice. I wonder if you have a conscience. As long as the rich get a tax cut.
15 million people will loose their healthcare next year. 22 million by 2026. 800 billion cut out, 600 billion for the 1%
Premiums will go up. What about the poor and disabled?
No hearings? No amendments? Pass it in a week?
The majority of the American people, whether they support the ACA or not, do not want this healthcare bill! Please stop!
It's absolutely dispicable that you ignore constituents about this abomination. Do what's right for the people you represent, not yourself!
If this bill is so good, why doesn't the entire senate drop their plan and join us on this one?
You should quit the senate and the GOP before you compromise your eternal salvation.
AMA and American Hospital Assoc are just 2 of the many medical profession associations AGAINST your bill. BRILLIANT.
Vote 'no' to the BCRA
Stop what you are doing, read what @kennethn has to say. Forward to every Congress member, RT & RT again. THIS MATTERS!
Seriously...."better care"?  I am starting to think the entire Republican party needs a vocabulary refresher.
My LIKES WERE NOT FOR YOU TOOMEY BUT FOR THOSE OPPOSED! YOU DISAPPOINT! VOTE NO!
PLEASE, PLEASE NOTE "NO" to heathcare bill, Mr. Toomey. Please!
In PA, we need healthcare not wealthcare. Vote no. Do the right thing. #PeopleNotPolitics
This is a travesty. How can you be so cold-hearted to your constituents? More people want ACA repaired than repealed.
@SenToomey, are you going to do a Facebook live town hall like @SenSherrodBrown?
VOTE NO -
This bill is not consistent with our country's values. 22 million people kicked off health care is not American. Please vote NO to BCRA.
Go Back To Rhode Island! #ShitBag
So here's the question: did all the senators opt out of it again?
VOTE NO IF YOU VOTE URS YOUR PUTTING MILLION WITHOUT INS INCLUDING VETS CHILDREN DISABLED AND THOSE WHO NEED HELP WITH ADDICTION VOTE NO
Gawd will you please stop the hypocrisy of calling that bit of swamp pollution the Better Care Act
Better care? Better care for 22 million who will without insurance? You really have no shame
You are a lying about this health care plan how about you and your family go on it,I don't know how you can sleep at night
Would U consider removing healthcare from 22M people as attempted murder or just general greed & callousness? Just asking for @KeithRothfus
NO! If you don't vote no you are a murderer.
Better Care fails the American people. Toomey you represent me and I say No to this sham bill!
where can I read your letter of resignation? You are NOT serving your constituents. You are bought and owned by the rich and big business.
The Death Act is a more apt name!  Vote No!
22 million people off insurance is not better care
Better care, sure if u r rich!! Trump care is wealth care.. R's have no heart..
Shame on you! I will do everything I can to make sure you lose your next election! ( if I am alive and don't get cancer)#BRCA
$20k premium for a 64 year old? I am 51 and disabled. I work a full time and plan to continue to do so. Everyday I struggle to function.1/
I have healthcare through my employer but copay shave increased and if I am forced to retire due to health. I do not know what I would do.2/
I support my 76 year old mother. Medicare and her supplement doesn't pay all her drug costs. Her Social Security is not enough for her to 3/
Live on. I help support my sister and her family. My nephew is addicted to heroin. Another family member is autistic. 4/
If my health deteriorates and I cannot work I will be worth more dead than alive. Thank you for nothing.
How dare you call yourself a Christian!
https://twitter.com/williamlegate/status/879466429887598592 …

How Republicans defend #Trumpcare: By lying.

(So expect some creative responses to #CBOSCORE) http://fb.me/wyF2puNP 
Word is ur tallying calls. I doubt you're getting many (any?) in favor. Will this change anything? Listen to ur constituents.
How do you sleep at night? 

I don't mean the senator, I mean the person who runs his social media accounts.
America demands you vote against it. If you don't reject it, we here in PA will reject you next election. Your days are numbered!
Hope you  reconsider your position on the health care bill
You don't even provide enough digital room in your phone mailboxes so your constituents can leave comments. Shame on you.
You are a monster and a liar. How can you sleep at night knowing how many will die for a tax cut for the rich? #TrumpCare
Asked how to deal with higher premiums and loss of coverage under the Act, Senator Toomey is rumored to have replied:
"Let Them Eat Cake"
Obviously that's not true...
...because Senator Toomey has not held an open townhall meeting where he could have answered such a question...
Please vote NO on the BCRA.  It will cause too many good hard-working people and their children to suffer.
#19015
So the name is right out of George Orwells work..
UR bragging about this cruel draconian tax cut 4 rich at the cost of health of the poor & old. B honest. I voted 4 U in 2018 won't in 2022.
I am opposed to GOP healthcare plan. Constituent from Lehigh county. Talk to @RepCharlieDent
As a PA voter, I would like to see you rebut Senator Casey's Tweets on the Senate's #AHCA.
He seems to have pretty good documentation...
I'm a constituent and I'm telling you to vote NO on this horrible bill. Your seat is only safe for so long. We'll primary you Pat.
