Erie's GE jobs going to India..huge new plant. Our good jobs going overseas and we annoy Mexico?  Who is feeding you?  Bannon?
nobody is paying attention to overblown sugar deal. We're focused on Health Care, or would be if you told us what you're trying to pass
Really, this is what you focus on? What a disgrace and an embarrassment to our great Commonwealth!
RED ALERT on Trumpcare: Toomey & GOP are trying to pass it without making it public. If youre from PA, call him NOW!
Call Senator Toomey! 
WE DEMAND the GOP
• Release the bill to the public!
• Hold hearings!…
Tell Toomey to #ShowUsTheBill!
DC: (202) 224-4254
Allentown: (610) 434-1444 
Harrisburg: (717) 782-3951
Pittsburgh: (412) 803-3501
someone in his Allentown office just told me toomey says the public will see bill b4 a vote. Truth??
I heard it would be public for one day

Obamacare had ~3 months where it was viewable by the public
yeah next time I call I will press on timing. That's RIDICULOUS
What's your stand on Trumpcare? Please vote against it
I believe that t-care is a check mark in their block. Nothing there to support they are concious  sensitive humans

If you're against it them it's probably good for the rest of us. Disclsimer: I don't know about this topic but I'm against you.
Pat why post trivial nonsense about great meetings you have with various groups or small issues- constituents want news on big issues??!

Yes, end subsidies on sugar; while hiding on ACHA, gun control, women's rights, and a living wage.  Raw deal, it's having you as our Senator
Thx 4 spkg out 4 sugar  consumers but what about health care consumers? We need quality healthcare for all. @indivisiblePA4 @PaProgress
How about addressing the labor shortage, we are small businesses are being forced to shut down because they can't find people to work
I just had a heart attack. Toomey actually made a statement against big business. Now you can't cash that sugar check.
Unfortunately he doesn't read his tweets or emails. He is about himself & it was evident during the last election. Your not getting him out
Maybe the wall thing is a stupid idea?  If you met with your constituents you might know how we feel.
Doubt he has time to read your tweets. Feel free to call and state your stance. +1 (412) 803-3501
The Senate is hiding their version because they know it's awful
Why are you negotiating Healthcare in secret?  Is that why you were elected to Senate?  Answer - NO! Tell McConnell we need transparency!
The GOP is going down, and you with it.
@realDonaldTrump - Is this good for America?
Do you ever answer anyone?
Are you kidding me??   This is what you think is important??   Uh ACHA...and RUSSIA..    but at least we have sugar
Good for business, bad for consumers. So, that means you love it then, yes? #screwthepeople
Great! Now we can die if all the diabetes we want since you're taking our healthcare away? About that town hall?
Do you realize, Pat, ONLY 17 percent of the Entire County approved of the House Bill??
What's in the Trumpcare Bill??
Why can't the press interview you in the Capital Hallways anymore? Are you that frightened of truth about Trumpcare??
Fix ACA--nation's health more important than tax breaks for billionaires
you mean like this @SenToomey?
But when are you going to be transparent about the AHCA? The public should know what is in the policy....
Ya do realize Mexico did that in retaliation for The Wall Debacle right?
Hi. Pat? How about the secret healthcare bill? We aren't worried about sugar right now.
This is really small bore stuff. What we need from you are real answers about healthcare and this backroom secrecy. #ShowUsTheBill
Hawaii is a sugar producer eases up the strain on Louisiana producers
Senator, there is no reason the healthcare we have now cannot be fixed and expanded.
Any comment on why your Republican COWARDS  are destroying healthcare behind closed doors???
Do you agree with the limits congress put on reporters. At least you have a new place to hide.
FIX the healthcare we have. do not rubberstamp attemps to sabotage it?
Thank you for standing up for all the sugar growers in Pennsylvania 
Please allow reporters to do their jobs. Country over  Party.
Great Pat. Glad you're on this.  Now, how about issues that effect most Pennsylvanians.  Have a town hall, we'll talk about AHCA.  Dare you
I appreciate your concern over this; completely agree. However, spend UR dinner time w/@realDonaldTrump to ask him to resign.
"big sugar"
you're an embarrassment
What about your healthcare bill? Why the secrecy? Besides, we could all stand to eat less sugar!
Come out from behind closed doors re healthcare bill. You & your fellow Repubs are being Cowards. People deserve to know!!
Voting you out!!
Hey Pat, a little snot in your PIT office just hung up on my wife because she asked questions. Is this what you call listening to citizens??
You know what's even worse? Diabetes under TrumpCare.

Care to share your thoughts on the Healthcare bill you are crafting, at a town hall? We promise lots of Hershey bars.
It's so heartwarming that you have your priorities in order, Senator. Does the sugar industry employ more ppl than coal? I'ma guess "yes".
You know what else is a raw deal? The back room kind. The kind of deal that will screw your constituents. Make your healthcare bill public.
SAY NO TO TRUMPCARE.
If you truly care abt Americans then PAY ATTENTION to DT & admin's ties 2 Russia. & to millions demanding you save & fix ACA. NO Trumpcare!

You are INFURIATING.  OUR DEMOCRACY IS NOT SAFE AND YOU ARE WORRIED ABOUT A SUGAR DEAL WITH MEXICO.  REALLY??? YOU HAVE VIOLATED YOUR OATH
Uhhh, healthcare? Show us the bill. Hello? #ShowUsTheBill #AHCA
At this point I have trouble believing anything you say about what's good for me. Town hall to discuss.
PS Have you read the 1st amendment?
70% of your time is spent plotting how to take away Healthcare from low income people to give high income people tax cuts. Vile, immoral Sen
This you tweet about? How about voting NO on healthcare? Shouldn't that be top of mind right now? For once, think about your constituents.
So is a healthcare bill passed out of the public eye you slimeball!
