Violence against our police cannot continue. We must do more to support and protect them.
Unfortunately, thoughts & prayers aren't enough. We need serious, thoughtful gun control legislation.
How many Americans must b maimed or killed4u2get TaxCuts4wealthy?(designed4future @gop draining of social security)
Can you policies be with them too? Is this why his budget cuts funding for1st responders?!
Speak out about Trump...said that there are good Nazis!!! They bomb Jewish  children's daycare in USA!!!
You represent PA, say a little more about the people in your state.  At least learn their names Senator Rubber Stamp.
This violence has to stop 
Prayers are a nice gesture, however legislation is what is needed
What are your thoughts? What are your prayers? What will your actions be tomorrow? Please refuse the gun lobbyists and the NRA payoffs
But you'll do everything you can to insure anybody can get their hands on a gun regardless of mental health or criminal bckgrnd #hypocrites
I think a lot of retraining needs to take place. #ShotsOnCopsHaveToStop It's not helping anyones cause, only going to feed the hate, luv all
You are a coward.  My friends and I will not allow our state to be controlled by cowards.
I hope they have healthcare insurance! You voted to take MINE away. Let's think about ALL Americans .@SenToomey
How about pushing less paramilitarization and more community engagement?
How about try anything on guns? There must be a way to actually protect citizens without infringement of 2nd
Have you read this study? If so, take action! https://www.unboundmedicine.com/medline/citation/26270316/Firearm_Prevalence_and_Homicides_of_Law_Enforcement_Officers_in_the_United_States ….
And you keep taking NRA money so everyone can buy an army assault weapon at Walmart.
.@SenToomey sits in office alone. Door closed.

Prays:

Oh Lord who among us has the power to fix this problem?

...

Oh. Okay yeah but--
I pray for all those who hold the blue line. Dios te bendiga.
Prayers for their families.
All Dems, MSM, BLM, Antifa are complicit in the death  & injury to law enforcement officers.  Take responsibilty. Resisting has consequences
Party puppet pat
Hey @SenToomey @POTUS @GOP LESS TALK MORE ACTION GET UR ACTS TOGETHER AND DO SOMETHING RATHER THAN STANDING BEHIND INSENSITIVE REMARKS
Mine as well Senator..mean will BC condemns our POTUS it's all politics for the demo left all the time
How about less praying and more working for you're constituents, so we can find real solutions for this nonsense.
A lot of people showing their lack of class here
Is this where you try to blame the black panthers, BLM, or Bill Cosby?
All bs they are just words to you. Embarrassed u are my senator. Will be working hard to make sure you won't be around for another term  sad
Oh yeah! You don't say. Did you pray for victims of Charlottesville or for the minorities hurt in the past? or Supported @realDonaldTrump?
How about some (Common Sense Gun Control Measures)   R.I.P
America tired of fighting the testosterone & $$ fueled NRA. Fell for that 'guns don't kill people, people kill people' IDIOTIC  mantra.
Never stopped to think that we don't apply that process to auto accidents, drug problem, etc. we recognize the 'instrument' is a part of
the issue & interdict the drugs & insist on huge number of safety devices on autos. BUT LEAVE GUNS ALONE..go after the people! So we have
what we have...in Chicago, Baltimore, and cops being shot with GUNS. And innocent children in mass murders...but don't touch the guns or
magazines or bullets. IT'S ANTI-AMERICAN! What's anti-American is the refusal of selfish men to face up to the whole GUN issue plaguing us.
You enable the MSM terror propaganda networks that create this environment.
It's tragic,we must come together support those that protect,n serve us every day selflessly.
That's all you are good at: thoughts and prayers
So sad.  Another alt-right, white supremacist kills again: Everett Glenn Miller. #Charlottesville
This is a bot.
Thoughts and prayers are nice,  action is better.
Sen . Toomey , get a backbone and stand up against Trump.
Are you telling me that the 2 states that have had a large number of cops shot are in TX & FL? Gun states? That's weird.
So sad that #USA comes to this.
America knows that @CNN  played a huge part in the attacks on our heroes -lost many good men because of your irresponsible reporting.
Can we pivot the "thoughts and prayers" to action? You can think and pray about it all day, we need something of substance.
from the heartless healthcare drafter, You really can wish any well and  mean it? You have a FAKE HEART from a burned out shell in PA
Toomeys a disgrace. Bumper-sticker slogans and empty rhetoric are his idea of leadership?
Just a Club for Growth lap-dog with no principles
Praying is thinking.
I want to send my thoughts n prayers to the officers shot lst nite in Fl n Pa.Hope u pull thru.To the officer that died ty for ur servce RIP
How about doing something about keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous people instead of tweeting condolences ?
How about sensible gun laws. 2nd A doesn't mean YOU can carry to threaten MY life. Was meant to protect citizens from gov. THIS MEANS U PAT.
Why aren't u condemning the alt-left elements that perpetrated these murders across the country last evening? Why isn't there 24/7 coverage?
How about sensible gun laws so we don't have to endure this mayhem. Thousands killed since Sandy Hook.
'My thoughts & prayers are with the victims. My votes are for the gun lobby'
How about doing the smart thing and remove the impetus for this hate, our Nazi in chief. Then go after our domestic alt right terrorists.
Don't think these perps were alt right types... anti police rhetoric likely played a part in this...cops handcuffed now in these situations
James 2:17
So also faith by itself, IF IT DOES NOT HAVE WORKS, is dead.
Could you post that verse?
Waiting for @CNN @ChrisCuomo @brianstelter to denounce antifa,blm for the hate.. No condemnation yet
then do something about the guns
You keep voting to put more guns on the street
Too many guns in the hands of criminals, senator. Where is your leadership on gun control? Too many good officers dying
@jaketapper @NBCNews how about heather, u never said a word, u R no leader
More awful news. Seems everyday the news gets worse. What is going on?
It's the new normal
Looking forward to working hard to get you voted out of office. You're a terrible Senator and an embarrassment.
Maybe common-sense gun legislation.
. No no no!! More guns and less back ground checks!
Um, I thought all the violent criminals were in sanctuary cities? I'm confused. 6 cops attacked & not a sanct. city or ill. alien in sight?
. I demand that toddlers have the right to open carry! Why can't 5yr olds bring a loaded handgun to school?
What?  OMG this is terrible.  I'm so sorry this is happening.
Feel sorry for any officer having to go out in our country with every gun nut locked and loaded & allowed to carry. Thoughts & prayers
Horrible!

My deepest sympathy to the families of the slain.
More "thoughts and prayers"? Nothing tangible though right? At some point you should feel like a useless fraud repeating these hollow words.
Keith you are too lazy to even put out your own tweet? Is there any amount of effort ur willing to put out for people and police of PA? #sad
Yes. Mine too . Fairchance is a small town South of UNIONTOWN .
