Per capita caps only harm so say the educators and many others.  Stop the lies.
Evil, immoral, unkind
Yes it does- you're contributing less at a time when the group is expanding. No matter how many times you tell yourself that, it still a cut
I don't think a bald-faced liar really gets to lecture the rest of us on myths vs. facts. https://twitter.com/FaceTheNation/status/878991509806252032 … #NoBCRA
Toomey: I have to strongly disagree with the characterization that we're somehow ending the Medicaid expansion. In fact, quite the contrary. 
How about pushing through a bill that increase the rate of americans income, but raising the minimum wage.
that's a lie and you know it.
Well yes it does equal a cut when you do nothing to address the underlying costs of care but cap what you'll pay for it, fool.
None of these myth/fact posters will convince us that this is a good bill, @SenToomey.
Matthew 25:31–46
With patients knowing DNA and insurance not knowing, and >^ $ of new therapies, costs ARE rising, + only universal care can b efficient/fair
MYTH: Pat Toomey is made out of bones and meat
FACT: He is a sentient pile of garbage and bile
You know he reads these comments and cowers in silence. This is basically 100% of comments telling him we don't want it. Who's he work for?
Caps are inhumane. Caps are Cuts. @SenToomey
Public hearings rather than your lies!
Healthcare cost changes don't mirror the CPI they outpace it. The only myth here is @SenToomey claiming #alternativefacts as truth.
I thought you were against abortions? Because your supporting this one.
No one knows what you mean by this. We just know 2400% increase for poor people.

Hot off the press! The Senate Health Reform Bill Slashes #Medicaid Severely. See new PPI blog: http://bit.ly/2sz08fh  
When the new rate fails to cover people, it's a cut #SenatorBozo
https://maplight.org/story/senators-drafting-secret-health-care-bill-backed-by-insurance-and-pharma-campaign-money/ …
Again, this bill does not increase coverage or lower rates for your constituents. If you say it does than that's not a fact
Cutting the growth rate means you will find proportionally less as time goes on. Why do you think we are idiots? Yes, I vote, and think.
#LIES #FAKENEWS
.@SenToomey Heath is not a partisan issue.  It is very clear that tax cuts to the rich are your priority.
Toomey is a yes no matter what. Tweets, calls, protests, sad stories, insults, facts, and dead people are annoying but..he's a YES, move on
You no longer rep people of PA. RESIGN NOW! #TimeToResignToomey #AlreadyTookTheMoney
Oh right it's a "reduction!" Totally different. Keep em coming-- the people are totally buying it
He totally earned that zero. It's only a one because you can't vote zero or give him a negative number. He's truly despicable.
Another words LIFE TIME CAPS return. Infants left for dead at birth, kids w/cancer lose treatment lose care. Shame on GOP..#GOPLegacyOfShame
Fact: Pat Toomey accepted $354,616 in campaign contributions from Health Insurance and Pharmaceutical Industries
It's disgusting. We need reform. We need people like this OUT of office.
Liar
Great, I'm gonna find a nickel and go see a movie! That's what it cost my dad as a kid. Why wouldn't the cost stay the same, right?
CPI -M does not grow as fast as trend. For the love of God, talk to an actuary.
How are you part of the group crafting this bill?  You can't do math.
Medical trend is  6% and Rx trend is 10%. Medicaid can't keep up. Fewer people will be covered because money will be gone sooner.
Can you please put forward average citizens that actually support this bill? There are none. Who are you working for??
15217 your mailbox is Full and your health care bill is immoral.
Nightmare for our family.  Put a cap on cancer treatment payments?  Your fault.
#bettercareformillionairesact
This legislation allows insurance companies to pick and choose what care a person can receive if they even insure them. How will this help??
Stop lying.
#WalkTheTalk If this plan is so good, how about you and your family drop your coverage and go on #TrumpCare. Then I'll believe you!
Cuts made over along period to better the CBO score= Trump Wealthcare.
It absolutely = cuts. Cap military spending then if it doesn't. Stop defunding essential service that people with disabilities rely on!
Don't forget to call his office guys!!

Liar 
Don't care. Leave my health care alone.
On top of all these misleading infographics you're really going to describe cuts that result in millions losing coverage as "modest"?
Billions need to be removed from defense.
The plan is best summarized, "Die Quickly, Poors!"
You can try to serve shit on a platter, but it's still shit.
It does equal a cut because older Americans frequently surpass the proposed per capita limit
I will not forget THIS. As an Independent I voted for you. Can't wait to vote you OUT! #Wealthcare
Stop these lies. You have been disproven repeatedly. Listen to your constituents. You work for us!
Apparently you don't understand how inflation works
That's just false. It is a cut.
Keep trying to justify this plan. You are just voting yourself out of office. Maybe you should talk to people instead of ins co execs!!!!
I see you are playing Minister of Disinformation today. If this is so good, you and your family should be on this type of health insurance.
So, do I understand correctly a human only has a right to life until it is born? And then you don't care? We need a town hall to understand!
Lie
Why pass a tax cut on the wealthy top 1% then?  That will MORE than cover Medicare.  Your math just doesn't add up, @SenToomey !
Playing bullshit semantics with a literal life or death situation SHOULD be beneath you. No shame in you, certainly a shame u won election
So there is this thing called whitespace...
Thanks. Next, can you post an explanation of the RETROACTIVE TAX CUT on investment income that's in the bill for us simpletons?
No one believes this crap.  It's voodoo economics applied to people's lives.
#evilincarnate #Trumpcare #kills People are not charts & graphs & economic pawns
Senator, please, for the love of God, put America before the ambitions of your party and vote against the monumentally awful Trumpcare bill!
He has no soul anymore. The @GOP sold it's soul to the highest bidder. Now we just have to give him a PINK SLIP!!
No one is buying your lies.
No, actually reducing a growth rate is the exact definition of a cut.
Instead of talking down to your constituents why not calm their fears by answering their questions in person?
But the costs of healthcare grow faster than the CPi-M rate...
Ok, would CPI-M and CPI-M+1% amount to a cut?  It's been below 4% for the past decade.
Did this come from the Republican handout book like all constituents that disagree are paid by Soros or from out of state?
How about trying to explain this in simpler terms?  You know why you won't?  Because it exposes the hard, cruel truths of this plan.
I have a job and didn't have time to wade through the 192 pages of just released info yet so can't comment. Doubt it's NOT cuts
#NOCutsToMedicaid A yes vote on this = #LastToomeyTerm
Pat; like the rest of the GOP it seems and DJT, you do not understand  Arithmetic.
Or Graphs. Or Numbers, clearly.
ALSO BS! M means medical; change means as health costs rise, Medicaid won't meet it and people will lose out!
Wonder if you'd feel the same if this bill went through proper hearings. Even if u think it's right, the way you're doing it isnt
If I reduce the interest rate on your bank account, I'm not cutting your principle.
But you will still have less money in the end.
Or we can talk about the parts that allow private insurers to raise premiums for the sick and reduce what they cover at the same time?
And you had the NERVE to use your elderly mother in your last campaign ad. Nice touch.
1) Per capita caps = cut. 2) Medicaid turned into block grant program = cut. Also requires states to ^taxes or cut more. Read your own bill!
Cherry picking facts are we Senator? Shall we discuss the pools and caps this bill allows for essentially gutting coverage anyway?
As a "Christian", put ur hand on a bible & swear to God that this plan is better than Obamacare for @ least 90% of the people of this nation
His hand would burn a bible by now. There is no fear of God, or any simple human decency left in @Sentoomey or the @GOP.
You and your staffers lie to me on a daily basis.
I'm calling this abomination the ToomeyCare Act so maybe next time you are up for re-election you lose because we will remember.
What about caps on employer plans that you're bringing back? And the TAX CUT YOU'RE GIVING COMPANIES.Can't afford growth, but u can tax cut?
How does giving hundreds of  $billions, that was helping to pay healthcare, to the richest help the most needy. Talk about the rich bonanza!
BULLSHIT. LIES. LEARN FUCKING MORE INDEED.
You are s liar!!!! Stay out of my healthcare you troll! Why don't you leave D.C. If you don't care about your constituents
It's a cut.
Patty boy lying for his pimps again to try & sell this toxic shit show he calls "healthcare." Hold out for more money Patty, be a better HO
Ok, then can we please "reduce the growth rate" of CEO bonuses & salaries to pay for Medicare? #HealthcareBill #StopTrumpcare
Senator, does the bill allow currently prohibited lifetime caps on coverage? I and my family are your constituents.
it certainly does. It also allows private insurance to change the way they cover.
It's a Draconian cut affecting PA Medicaid.  you are wrong.  Also rude.
1 in 5 PA will lose Medicaid.  you are wrong.  Just wrong.
spreading quite a bit of misinformation today, sure you aren't applying for WH Press Sec job?
Sorry, but most people who support this wretched plan, ie Trump voters, are not intelligent enough to understand this tweet. Dumb it down
your lines are busy, senator. your constituents want to speak with you.
Yes. Isn't that a great scam and cowardice.
Compared to what? The AWFUL House Bill? Not a standard I'm willing to accept.
@SenDeanHeller disagrees

LIVE on #Periscope: Press conference with Sen. Dean Heller and Gov. Brian Sandoval https://www.pscp.tv/w/bBwB2zF3QkVBemRkWVBRUHF8MXlOR2FxQndMRXJHahSnOCdv5CIFvQUK26oJwjZAR5OzbzfGRl28XCFBk3rE …
@SenBobCasey Your continuing hysteria over the attempts of repubs to fix the obamacare failure is your strategy to get re-elected? Pathetic.
#MythVsFact vote against this bill Senator
Can I come to your office every week in place of my son's autism therapy appointments once we lose Medicaid? They're in the same area 
#MythVsFact FACT: YOU NEED TO MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS
MYTH: @SenToomey listens to his constituents and cares how legislation will affect them.
No he doesn't and @SenToomey is too much of a coward to meet his constituents. Or call them back, email them back. #typicalgopcoward
TALK AND LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!!!!!!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
This is exactly what McCain did. Had people in wheelchairs arrested and carted off to jail. They were fighting for the right to home care.
The fact that you are even considering this bill shows how little you feel for your constituents.
I am a constituent who lost his plan under Obama and now pays quadruple what i did just 4 years ago for garbage coverage
Sorry to hear that. Tell our Senators to work across the aisle to fix health care for all Americans.
If something starts as 5+3, and now it's 5+2, that's a cut.
Senator, you can't polish shit and call it a diamond.   #AnyoneButToomey2022
Let your bill go through hearings, public comments, amendments, the works.

The NORMAL works. If it doesn't stand up, write a better bill.
