Really? So we can end up where we were before with failing banks? These were corrective measures put in place to keep banks in line
How about a town hall on Trump Care bill you are drafting? Why are you hiding it? Afraid of backlash? #showusthebill
You will be causing the damage! Time to talk to #RealPA  since you do work for us, remember? #ToomeyTownHall
Why so sneaky with the AHCA? And why is GOP ok with our elections no longer being free and fair?
When will you be holding an in person town hall?
You suck, and we're voting you out when your term is up.   All you do is twist the truth, caring for no one but your wealthy friends.
I feel like it is editing some of the wrong things to achieve those goals...
#CFPB is not "unaccountable" it's the banks that are unaccountable. And YOU for putting the bangsters FIRST b4 AMERICANS! #LiarLiar
Doesn't pass the smell test..Rich get much richer.Middle class gets poorer..can't even afford rent.Horrible choice!!We are PA.
There are plenty of ways that the government can free up credit. Allowing lenders to prey on the vulnerable shouldn't be your first move.
I tried calling your office all day today and it was busy!! Did you take the phone off the hook or are all of ur angry constituents calling?
Toomey is a 100% partisan @GOP tool for corps and the rich. Show me where he voted his own mind outside of party lines.
By colleagues you mean other Republikkkans???
Dodd Frank has been my only recourse for how the Credit Reporting Agencies have destroyed my life since Hurricane Irene hit Chester County
I wonder how long it's going to take for a new Congress to clean up the mess you're making.
remember  the  consumers  need protection. I am not paying to bail anymore  banks out!
Please do not let huge banks go unchecked. Please do not allow companies and entities to supersede human beings. Protect constituents 15126
No word about help for the victims of predatory lending though eh
Sir, I have used cfpb twice and both times they resolved my problem. Leave it alone.
Exactly what "economic damage" did Dodd-Frank cause? Evidence, please.
oh I get it, letting WALL STREET AND BIG BANKS crush Consumer Financial Protection Bureau regulations to make them more money.
Stifling regulations needed to keep financial industry honest. Setting us up to fall again in the name of corporate profits. No good
How about a statement where you take a stand on #Russia and their attempts to hack our election? Or some action? No? Of course not.
"Regulations on Lenders" equal PROTECTIONS for Average Americans-- Remember 2008?
What about the "economic damage" done to Americans when Wall Street's recklessness & greed caused the recession? How r you preventing that?
Dodd-Frank is what stands between us and the next recession.
How about protecting the American people so the problems leading up to the 2008 crisis never happen again. But that means the GOP loses $$$.
You claim to be doing what the American people want. How would you know? Town Hall meeting 18102
So we get to blame you for a repeat of the 2008 crash which Dodd-Frank was supposed to prevent the repeat of.  Good to know.
This is Senator Toomey's twitter page: full of rhetoric, propaganda and outright lies. He's just another one of today's no-ethics Repubs!
The CFPB needs more authority not less. Unless you like Wells Fargo opening fraudulent accounts in your name
You're wrong
No this is a terrible idea. Wasn't the recession of 2008 enough? Why are you always on the wrong side of every issue?
You know what else is crucial to increasing credit? Holding Town Hall meetings with us, your constituents. Try starting there.
"make predatory lending great again" -@SenToomey
Busy day today. Backroom healthcare bill. Lunch w 45. Gutting consumer finance protections into the night. Take a break you're killing me.
Quack, quack, quack, . That's what you sound like, Senator.
What happened in the AHCA mtg today with 45? Why are Repubs being so stealthy with the bill? Must be really bad! You know it is!
reforming the CFPB? Or gutting it so it can't protect citizens from your friends & former colleagues and their financial schemes.
Let's chat about it at your next town hall!
what about your duty to represent your constituents? Why can't we see the senate AHCA? Why do you defend tRump?
I guess we'll look forward to more debt from the next bank meltdown then? While those same folks benefit from additional tax cuts? No!
#ShowUsTheBill
Remember the market crash of 2009? You are setting us up for another one. #resist
Regulations to protect the American people from profit mongers who will gut the public.
Dodd Frank was put in place to protect We the People from the economic damage caused by reckless bank practices You fool no one with this
You do remember 10 years ago? Dodd-Frank was put there for a reason. start working for us not Wall Street
Spoken like a former bank owner. You are too much. Now, #ShowUsTheBill
We need more regulatory on Wall Street & the banks! This coming from a man who is owned by Wall Street!
Don't you get tired of lying to PA citizens?
Learn from the past. 2008 with an extremely destructive economic experience. Everyone needs to be held accountable. Even Wall Street.
GOP clearly has a memory problem. Can't remember how deregs caused 2008 recession; meetings w/Russians;  basic governing etc.
umm....wells fargo? town hall?
And the last time you relaxed regulations you made money and we had a MAJOR recession. We know somebody is going to get rich and it isn't us
So how was your backroom deals to ruin healthcare?
He looks forward to benefiting financially from future bankruptcy and forclosure buyouts. The taxpayers can bail out the banks again.
Who are these tweets for? I assume you have more direct means of communicating with your Koch buddies. Read the replies; PA is not with you.
You are drowning the middle class. You are responsible for our downfall.
Team Capital Bank Senator. Remember that? We know where you stand in the financial world. You're scum and we won't forget. #2022
What? Seriously, what are you doing in DC? Is it your goal to make sure no one is protected? That everything is for big business and not PA?
Easy answer: He's voting for whatever The Trump tells him to vote for. 
#AnotherCowardSpewingPartyOverCountry
Agree the president needs to have the last say in CFPB, FHFA, and the like. Crazy to take this power away from the voters. WE THE PEOPLE!
@SenToomey I can't even imagine how this could go wrong said someone who was asleep from 2007-2008
Great. The country is going to hell in a hand basket some the GOP took over. Sad
No. A lack of regulatory oversight is what caused the economy to fail in 2008. You work for us not banks! do something decent!! #coward
And by unaccountable you mean independent? And by leveraged lending you mean hi-risk speculation? 2008 here we come? #LetsTalk #TownHall
in this case, regulatory relief = removing consumer protections. you are supporting predatory practices. again. hold a town hall.
donors 2 have a backup plan when they send banking back down the toilet. Ur idea of biz is 2 Privatize the profits & Socialize the risk. 2\2
This is what caused the crash of 2008. How much have they paid u to get rid of these regulations?
Aren't those rules there to prevent another Benning crisis so we don't have a bailout again?
Yeah, blah blah blah blah. Take a long hike. And don't come back.
Any thoughts or comments on Sessions testimony? How about you @KeithRothfus. Staying silent? Party, pockets and self before country?
Keep tweeting with no answers election time will soon be here. Remember@you work for us
You are a hateful little man!!  #GRAFT
So you're interested in causing a depression, and not just the recession these horrible non-regulations caused last time.
Economic damage?  To who?  As usual you are supporting big banks and dangerous policy.  Ask constituents who lost their home last time.
Why not just post a? Cause that's what this is to anyone but the ultra-wealthy. #DoddFrank
How about a citizen town hall to talk about it to your constituents. #ToomeyTownHall
omg you are seriously the worst.
@SenToomey If you really care about American taxpayers how about you & your circus peanut buddy @realDonaldTrump just resign. Like yesterday
We do not need more credit in this country with 20 trillion of debt. We need a Senator responsible to his constituents not Wall St.
Nope, no it isn't.
Senator, working to avoid the need for bailouts its admirable. Are you also working to prevent predatory lending practices?
Say it to my face. #TownHall
You take large sums of cash from bank lobby, but explain this idea at a town hall
Your reckless economic policies will send us into another recession and will make taxpayers foot the bill. Again.
Dodd-Frank was implemented in response to the reckless policies pursued by GW Bush that set us into the recession.
You know what would sweet, sweet justice, "Pat?"

You retiring and losing everything because you "adviser" isn't required to put you first.
It's remarkable how pleased you are to edge America towards the precipice of recession again.
Put the interests of real Pennsylvanians before those of big finance!
Too busy lining his big pockets in his tiny trousers!
#PissAnt
boy, please.
Easing the plots of predators attempting to charge 257% interest to low income laborers is NOT "increasing credit, you f**king stooge.
Stop hiding the healthcare bill. Show the country what you're planning, let us give input before you take away our healthcare.#ShowUsTheBill
By "damage caused by Dodd-Frank" do you mean "reduce the ability of large banks to cause massive recession"? Let's talk about it. Town hall.
So you want your constituents to suffer from student debt and predatory banking.  Can't wait to defeat you.
Student debt is BS. Son stands on his own at own expense for a great college and will do fine because he managed his debt.
Fact!
