they already know Shulkin. Obama chose him.
Your vote on DeVos was cowardly and will be remembered.  Last time I vote Republican.
vote NO on Devos. You need to be beholden to your constituents  (whom you work for) NOT your donors.
what about our kids, why shouldn't they be first in line?
why dont you care about kids?
because he loves money more than the ppl of our state.
Then why do we keep all the Obama appoinntees?
and our children should be first in line for outstanding education - you let us down
I read u might vote against the nominee for Sec Ed. However our children are now safe from grizzlys but not her. $55,800 thank u
DEVOS??? You wimped out!!!
our kids should get the best education too, but seems you don't care about that.
now answer your phone - the people of PA cannot afford @BetsyDeVos. Vote NO.
let's remember about all this when next elections come
like you or the rest of the GOP cares about anyone but yourselves. #You_don't_Fool_US
Why are you hiding from your constituents????
So how much money will you get from Shulkin and friends? #OurRevolution #GOP #TheResistance #WomensMarchOnWashington
"Where are the leaks coming from?" WHO CARES? Why is our govt working for Putin? Who is involved? That's more important!
Can you tell us more about your plans for every ones healthcare

We will not forget!  2022

you do not listen to your constituents. Jerk...
Why are you ignoring the massive amount of calls, letters and emails you're getting urging you to vote against Betsy DeVos?
I hope you are voting NO on DeVos.. do what is right for your people not your pockets
. You have failed us on education.. What else
I was born and raised in Huntingdon Valley, went to GFS and taught at Westtown. Pls vote NO on DeVos #DumpDeVos #StopDeVos
Teacher four blocks from GFS trying to crowdfund a rug for his kindergarten. An RT wd be amazing:
#lyingsackofexcrement voted against all vet benefit bills! @MsMcFarland
@ResistanceDem @SenToomey @MsMcFarland he's a piece of slime
why didn't you listen to your constituents
Did you serve?  Where and when?  I did -- for 23 years.  I want to know!
you don't care about veterans, only 

you are silencing the voices of the very people who voted you into office by turning off your phones  #VoteNoDevos
agree!!
you also voted for a completely incompetent nominee for secretary of education. Why aren't you bragging about that?
ENJOY your term no one in PA is going to forget how you ignored thousands of voters asking you to vote no for Devos


https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/impeach-donald-trump-8 …
You are a charlatan and my state deserves better than you.
I agree but sad u don't think much of a child's education
Yeah great. Nice vote on DeVos. She purchased you ... disgusting. Typical GOP/Trump. Con-men. Liars.
you don't care about the vets or our children. Only your corporate masters. Traitor
no to Devos. Unqualified.
you have kids.  Think sbout ours. No to Devos
shame shame shame if you vote for Devos
She wants to force her religious views on the schools. She doesn't want accountable. She's OK w/guns!!! How can you support her?
She didn't complete her ethics paperwork & now we know why. We will hold YOU accountable for her performance. It's all on YOU!
She owes millions to the state of Ohio for a fine she won't pay yet has no sympathy for college loans!
Senator, you were just re-elected due to your principled leadership, our kids deserve better. #NoOnDeVos
She's corrupt, incompetent, dishonest, elitist, & came across extremely uncaring. She has no exper & wants to dismantle schools.
would you give up your lifetime benefits to a vet?  Lord knows they deserve it more than you.
Please vote NO on the  ridiculously unqualified @BetsyDeVos American children deserve better and I know you have to agree!
vote no to DeVos!!
URGENT: Please VOTE NO for Betsy DeVos. You represent your constituents, we trust you to speak for us & we do not want DeVos.
so should our children. #NotoDeVos #SAD #toomeyforsale
Sorry for unfollowing, @SenToomey
What you truly care about is MONEY!Your pick for Educating our youth is this UNQUALIFIED DONER!
please vote "no" on Devos. I AM a Pennsylvanian and dedicated my entire career to public Ed.Please stop her.(Mechanicsburg 17055)
Our children should count, too.  Vote against Betsy DeVos' nomination for Education Secretary.
, I'm a constituent. You work for us. You have ignored the calls, emails, and people who physically visit. Vote no on DeVos.
please vote no on Devos.
plz stop DeVos. 
Pretty sure a no vote= reelection
You are a chance to give our children a voice and say #NotoDeVos .. 
Instead you choose to continue to be a puppet. Why?
Your job is not to be the POTUS' yes man! Your job is to do what's right for the people you represent.
You're a puppet who can be bought. You've proving that you would rather kiss the POTUS' rump than do what's right!
I agree. Our vets should have the best..and so should our Children!!! You should be ashamed for agreeing to vote yes to DeVos!
shulkin is a good choice, DeVos is not!  Vote no!
I will donate to your opponent in the next election if you confirm #devos.  Remember .. 1% #HoldTheFloor
you were elected for the ppl by the ppl. Trump did not elect u..listen to the voters in your state. Vote no on Betsy Devos!!!!
vote NO on Devos!! Vote NO on Devos! Please vote no on Devos. Parent to parent just say no.
as a former VA lawyer, I agree. Let's start our future vets out right: vote no on DeVos.
Shouldn't the children of this nation be the first in line for a highly, qualified educator to oversee their education NOT DEVOS
VOTE NO FOR DEVOS. Save our children from this radical religious extremist. Trump did NOT run on defunding public education.
yes, but will you actually do so? #NoForDeVos
vote no on DeVos!!  She will destroy our public school system.
Our kids should be first in line for the best education. Vote no on #DeVosvote
If you care about veterans you'll commit to quality education for them and all of your constituents. NO for DeVos. Pgh, Pa 15212
Vote no on DeVos
VOTE NO TO BETSY DEVOS!!

vote no for DeVos or we will vote you out!!!
the softballs you are pitching are not what the people of this great state want - we want some courage. No DeVos!
no to DeVos #REALPA
Vote Yes for DeVos for the children and parents. Thank you
shouldn't our kids be first in line for the best education? You know in your heart that Betsy DeVos will not provide that.
If that's true, why did GOP vote down 5, yes 5 bills to help vets since 2015?
DEVOS BOUGHT your vote and MY MOM is really angry you sent her a form letter. COWARD. U R BAD for PA. SHAME ON YOU.
$$$$ . Is all you care !! Sale the future of the Americans kids for $$$ !! Have decency and vote no.or stay corrupt as usual !!
A voting republican, strongly encouraging you to vote against Betsy DeVos who seems to be buying a voice she has not earned.
We should probably take care of Russian vets before our own, don't you think Senator? Russia rules over US! #MAGA #RIPReagan
Time to get tough and push Trump's nominees thru!
So should our children! Please vote no on DeVos!
Sir, Dr. Sulking-a very competent man. Hope he has full support from the Senate. But Betsy DeVos...a travesty. I know she gave $$
vote No on DeVos
And this will be brought up when you run for re-election. How you avoided your constituents' requests and hid out. #Shame
Vets first in line no one disagrees. Your 2016 election was close. Yes vote for incompetent DeVos means loss next time. #noDevos
I agree. Now PLEASE vote No on DeVos Do the right thing Hands across the aisle Take the Party back Education First PLEASE
been hearing this for over 20 years! Will never happen because it is easier to use Vets issues for reelection. #Frauds
Please vote NO on DeVos. Your constituents are against it and you represent us. Please put PA/Country before Party. #DeVosvote
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
We are BEGGING you to do the right thing-you KNOW #DeVos is unqualified. #DontFuckWithOurKids
Hello? Answer your phones! This will be a very long term for you if you continue to ignore us-we will get louder! #VoteNoDevos
So you care about our vets (good!) but not our kids (bad!). #VoteNoDevos *I was not paid to tweet this*
BLAME PAT TOOMEY for BETSY DEVOS ! WHAT SHE DOES TO the CHILDREN IS ALL PAT TOOMEYS FAULT !
I hope this means you will allow vets to keep disability AND pensions and vote against any law that seeks to change that.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/?utm_term=.2b3c288ba09c … VOTE NO ON DEVOS! THIS IS A NO BRAINER COWARD
answer your phone & vote NO  on Devos !!
NO on DeVos

are you really not listening to your constituents? Just your pocket book.
please don't confirm devos. She is not qualified! Are you just dazzled by her money?
why do your constituents feel the need to raise money for you to listen to them? SHAME!
Remember you work for the people of PA - not your donors! #noDevos
@mcall I support our vets. I also support our kids & their future.  Unblock your phones. Listen to your voters. VOTE NO on DeVos.
, is this why you are supporting Betsy DeVos for Education? It's certainly not because she qualified is it?
we have not heard or seen you in PA-you are in FL stuffing your pockets w $ while we are screaming for you to vote no on Devos!!
he all ready caved! Looks like he will be jobless come 2018.
Answer your phone
I urge you to vote NO Betsy Devos.obviously not qualified.  Horrible answers-schools & children deserve better
We outbid Betsy. Can we own your vote now?
https://twitter.com/alikat747/status/827708164082589697 …
vote no To DeVos . Her contribution to your campaign shouldn't make you sell out our schools. Which are mostly great in PA!
our vets fought against authoritarian governments, but you're backing one. Shame.
YOU SOLD OUT YOUR CONSTITUENTS AND THEIR CHILDREN FOR $60,000!! PROVE US WRONG..VOTE NO ON DEVOS.
YOU FAIL THE PEOPLE OF PENNSYLVANIA!  VOTE NO ON DEVOS> PROVE YOU ARE NOT CORRUPT>$60,000 FROM HER TO YOU.
destroying the ACA will hurt vets since the ACA helped healthcare workers provide care. less drs and less hospitals, not smart
many of the top drs have been immigrants. blocking them hurts all people in PA, not only vets but the elderly kids and disabled.
shame on you. PA needs quality and AFFORDABLE healthcare. GOP clearly has no plan but to lie and blame.
say NO to DeVos! BTW I'm not paid but I do pay your salary & I demand you do your job. Pick up your phone, talk to us & Listen!
& our students should be in line for best education - why ignore ur constituents? Vote NO on Betsy DeVos! #DeVosFacts #DeVosvote

why don't you support PA parents and vote NO on DeVros!!
so should the 90% of children attending public schools, yet you're voting for DeVos. You are an embarrassment to PA #dumpDeVos
No comments on the DeVos nomination? #DumpToomey
but to hell with our kids, right? #realPA #dumpDevos #DumpToomey
say no to devos. Listen to constituents. She is not the right person. Bad for education.
Top donors, Koch Bros out bid Betsy DeVos by millions. Betsy only bought him for $67k Toomey laughs at Pennsylvania. No #DeVos
Sell out? The VA went right down the tubes under RINO Bush and terrorist Obummer. You anarchists don't care!!
then why did it take this long?!?!
#DumpDevos We are real people with real minds with real concerns about real children. Not paid a penny. Just fighting for my kids
Vote no on DeVos. Listen to your constituents.
and by best you mean only ones covered?
If you EVER want to get elected again you better vote NO on DeVos! The Grizzly is more competent than her. Vote wisely #DumpDeVos
Really why don't I believe you.  Or do you get money from the Vets organizations, then I would believe it.  #OurRevolution
clear your voicemail boxes and answer your phones so your constituents can actually communicate with you.
DO NOT vote for Ms. Devos.  She is NOT a person that has the knowledge or  disposition to be an advocate for public schools.
#DumpDevos
Please vote No on Betsy DeVos and sleep with a clear conscience with regard to education. There MUST be a better candidate!
why should vets be "first in line for the best care"? ALL PENNSYLVANIANS deserve adequate health care!
why should he just got reelected. Can we get a petition to get him out? He's paid for by the Devos family
and our kids should be 1st in line for quality public education -not one bought & sold w/ campaign donations.  #NotoDeVos
Show the people of Pennsylvania that you are a man of integrity and can't be bought - vote "No' on DeVos!!!
SAY NO TO DEVOS!!
You can fax him, too.  share the link w/ your followers:  https://faxzero.com/fax_senate/75 
@LSGSeattle  Be a PROFILE IN COURAGE.  Vote NO for DeVos.  Our country's future depends on good public education for all.
but your PA students, parents, and teachers should not be first? Vote no to DeVos
how much cash did the doc have to drop on you?
our vets deserve the best and so do our children. Vote NO on DeVos. She's unfit for the office of Secretary of Education
Shame. Have the courage to let people contact you if you're going to be bought. Stop hiding.  #noDevos #childrenfirst
why are u ignoring ur constituents and voting yes on devos?  How much of her fams $ made it to u?
And our children and teachers deserve better than #Devos. Vote NO #Devos - we are counting on you.
on bahalf of all students, disgrace to our country and our people and we will not stop reminding you of it until you resign.
please vote no on Devon! Our schools in Michigan are suffering. Not good for our children
why r u such a coward? Why do u not respond 2 ur PA constituents? We have concerns & r not being heard. Do ur job and listen.
Here's an idea: how abt u try being on the healthcare your constituents are  w/the premiums & copays b4 u vote to repeal the ACA
Agreed, and our public school children should be first in line for good education. #nodevos #realpa
answer your phones COWARD
My zip=19119. Vote NO for unqualified Betsy DeVos. Also, hold a town hall once in a while.
I see you only speak to ppl who agree with you not #realPA who call you. confirming Devos will only make their resolve grow!
Vote Against DeVos. Please. I voted for you because of your stance on Public Education.
but not the children of your state? Oh, wait. You only care about the money @BetsyDeVos donated to you. #shame #stopdevos
VOTE NO ON DEVOS
please vote no on DeVos!
there shouldn't be a line for care, Senator
our children should be first in line for education!  #realPA #noDevos
Vote no to DeVos
if you truly believed that you would vote differently. Also make sure you vote no on DeVos. Maybe pick up your phones too.
Glad you're catching on. Now how about someone with an Ed background for the Dept. of Education? @usedgov
answer your phone. Your constituents are trying to speak with you.

