is there a reason you don't have town halls in Philadelphia?
Won't have a Philly town hall meeting because he's afraid of urban Philadelphians
I believe you're right - I also believe this disqualifies him for the job!
No doubt about it.
@abc27News should be boycotted for participating in an 'invite-only' event involving only eight people. @WGAL, opportunity to do this right!
This was NOT a town hall 
Invite only? You're just trolling us now, Pat, and it's not freaking funny!
How you were reelected boggles my mind! Shame on you for not protecting the citizens of PA!
Don't think we don't see right thru this. This "town hall" is a self-serving peek out from the rock u r hiding under. Shame on u. #NOBALLS
Please post directions for how constituents can ask questions!
Here, supposedly https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155370476485420&id=84676880419 …
I read the comments below. You all need to remember this when Mr Toomey is up for election and work to get him out of office.
Here's a question, why are you considering taking people's health care?
We will eat you alive Pat
Premiums and deductibles have gone up, insurance choices have gone down, and American families have suffered.
Shame on @abc27News for aiding and abetting this sham of a public servant. We'd be better off with an infomercial for euthanasia.
I review what the fact checkers write. I don't have faith in the Senate health care cheerleaders. There are too many distorted facts.
SHAME ON PAT TOOMEY.
ugh
You're afraid to do in person town hall.  I can see why. People know you are conning them. AARP notified seniors. I tell disabled people
Obviously, you don't know the definition of a town hall meeting.
Give me a break, Pat. Town hall?? More like a hand picked schmooze fest.
@abc27NewsDJ Phila has 1.5m people. When will you have an open town hall in the state's largest city? You do represent us ALL - correct?
HOW ABOUT A FACE TO FACE?  With no PRE selected attendees and  questions! Scare of what  seeing who you are trying to Burn out ?
ABC27 is being bought by the Sinclair Group, which forces local news stations to air Right-Wing Propaganda
A small amount of invited people is not a town hall.  You don't want to hear people don't like your healthcare plan. Start caring about PA.
Lying sack of $hit. You won't answer with facts. Only #alternativefacts
Need a town hall where the voters don't support Trump and his agenda
Shameful
*bogus town hall
HOW COME YOU WILL NOT SPEAK TO US PA CITIZENS IN PERSON???? THIS IS TAPED SO YOU CAN AVOID THE HARD QUESTIONS!
#philly wants to hear from you. You voted yes on @BetsyDeVosED  ! #wealthcare  #BreakingNews  @6abc
Pat: pro tip. This is what a TH looks like. I'm sure Casey is available for more instructions . Security : one campus cop
No prepared speech. Only 2 hr q and a session. Mic passed around. Average answer: long. Only one "I don't know " about technical Q about EC
LOLs Pats TH: 6 guards, some people in wheelchairs outside. Can't have those 8
Prescreened peeps inside escaping 
AP photo. FYI The protesters were ticketed for trespassing
Is abc27 getting paid for this? Because with Sen Toomey choosing audience this is going to be nothing more than an ad. His words w/no rebut
Abc27 is complicit
Let's start an advertising campaign. @slpng_giants , anyone?
A town hall is when the town meets in a hall and asks questions that are not screened.
Hey bozo- get a clue! We don't care what YOU think we want you listen and vote for bills how WE want you to.
AGAIN! THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL!
This sign is awesome!!! Did you make it?
Thanks, yes Jen I did! I like your banner with jacket of your name!
Thank you! keep making awesome stuff!!
Pat... someone needs to explain what a town hall is to you,  I  think

This is a step in the right direction. Much more heads up. How are questions submitted?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155370476485420&id=84676880419 …
Thanks!
What are you doing about H1b visa abuse?  Would love to hear your stand on that topic.
http://www.rense.com/general75/skilled.htm …
This isn't an ideal way to connect w constituents, but it is a positive step nonetheless. You shared how to watch; how do we submit q's?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155370476485420&id=84676880419 …
Invitation only? That's disappointing.
Disappointing but not surprising.
Exactly. Trying to be charitable and civil.
charitable+civil= propaganda
.@SenToomey It’s not a town hall if it’s invite only. When will you and your Republican counterparts stop blatantly lying?
Tonight at 7, I'll be joining @abc27news for a town hall. I look forward to answering your questions! How to watch: http://bit.ly/2uJWuO3 
Good luck Senator Toomey!!!
He will need it. They'll tear his ass to shreds.
Rino



This is a cop out & you know it.  That you're proud of your cowardice is gross. Get it together & show up, in person, in Philly & on time.
I find it strange why, "truth" and "sincerity" has become words that ignites so much concern? State 1st, nation 2nd...then party. UNITE.
I wish you well. Speak truth, with...calm recommendations. If you don't, commit to find.
This one is only open to invited people...guessing big donors??? @SenToomey we want in person town halls! #FaceTheMusic
What kind of coward has people in wheelchairs arrested rather than answer directly to his constituency ? Shameful.
Liar.
Why is your town hall by invitation only?  Sounds like the private club of 13 men who drafted the sen. healthcare bill. SCARED COWARDS!!
Shame! Looking the other way so you can't see your constituents standing here! Will you look the other way when people die under Trump care?
Don't think your phoney hand-picked TV townhall will get you off the hook.
You must think Pa. voters are idiots!
How can you sleep at night and face your children knowing what you are proposing to do to Medicaid?
"by invitation only, questions via social media" - Not a town hall, got no invite, saw tweet at 6:30pm cause l work, no abc27 here. Coward!
You can say you're not cutting Medicaid, but those who will need it in 10 yrs won't get it. That sounds like a cut to me.
Why doesn't the proposed AHCA eliminate the 'luxury' tax?  Why is this a good idea?  Companies won't pay, just lower employee's coverage!
Why audience by invitation only? Can't you handle talking to your constituents who don't support a tax cut disguised as health reform?
Do I have to pay for an invite to the town hall the same way special interests pay for all your votes?
@SenBobCasey does real town halls. He doesn't need to hid from Pennsylvanians.
I guess you have to hide when your agenda will literally kill Pennsylvanians
A town hall means facing constituents. Coward.
You're a coward Patricia
This is not a town hall, but I do have a question: When will you be holding a town hall?
LOL stop- you aren't looking forward to it
You spelled "television appearance" wrong.
Why did you undermine the ACA for years, only to offer a big taxcut as the magical solution?  Sounds like you represent Club for Growth
And Grover Norquest against the best interests of #RealPa
WTF!! Do not insult our intelligence. I suppose you can call it whatever you like. But this is no Town Hall. Scripted Q&A. #YourFired
Can you show the evidence that you are hiding to support hurting sanctuary cities by sponsoring legislation against your constituents best
Interest.  You say Philly is dangerous for being a sanctuary City, show your proof or stop slandering us, your constituents!
pathetic @PAGOP @abc27News
Tonight at 7 will be kabuki theater in front of a handpicked audience, answering handpicked questions. @ABC27NewsCrew should be ashamed
S T A G E D & C O N T R O L L E D. What are u afraid of? People w/preexisting conditions, the disabled, the elderly, those that care 4 them?
I'll be sure to tune out.  I know you'll be lying
This is not the same as having one with us, your constituents #coward
You can expect many of us not on your A List to show up anyway.
Invitation only?

Your bravery in answering prearranged questions is truly inspiring.
Why do you hide from us? Why not cross the state like @SenBobCasey and greet your constituents. Town Halls should be held in person.
Not a "Town Hall." An infomercial. Should be hosted by Rob Pompeil.
Another lousy fake town hall. How com I didn't get an invitation?
You're afraid of your constituents, Senator!  Afraid they'll chew you up and spit you out. Afraid they'll have you show your true colors!
An in-person town hall?????  With your constituents in attendance? Where??? I've got a gazillion questions for you!
Toomey is NOT holding a town hall. Town halls are NOT invite only. Join us outside in Harrisburg 6-8PM! We want a #TownHallForAll
Pre-selected questions and no live audience of real constituents? #weaksaucetoomey
Who’s Popping corn and pouring shots to play the Toomey is lying drinking game? Anyone?
Sir, I respectfully disagree with you. This is not a town hall. We are not allowed there. You will not face us in person. It's a #sham
We don't want to see moderated questions in a formal setting. We want to talk to you in open and free discussions.
Good for you. Take the tough trumpcare questions!
PLEASE do not repeal the Affordable Care Act. Fix what's not working. We all need/deserve AFFORDABLE quality healthcare.
We were told everyone would be covered, it would be the best heathcare by #45 yet you are screwing working Americans & tax breaks 4 the rich
This is only for show.  Do the right and courageous thing and speak to a broad cross-section of Pennsylvanians in a real town hall
Fake town hall meeting. Sad. Cowardly.
I hope the questions and public outcry make you sweat. Keep a mop and bucket close by.
Still being a coward. No face to face town hallls.
many people who are very vocal & don't support you and only want in person town halls to cause a ruckus. I support u!
Not a town hall this is a tv show. Like a Trump reality show where you answer prescreened ques. Why not call it a fundraiser? #toomeylies
I appreciate you doing this tv town hall. I submitted my questions, I hope some get asked
Stop cherry picking questions and audience members.  #NotaRealTownHall
I hope you will talk about the money you got for selling out ppls internet information.
I think you're unsure of what "townhall" means...
When will you have a town hall in Pittsburgh?
oh  yeah  and that is a preexisting condition!
Meet us face to face  so I can show you what  real 1st-2cd and 3rd degree BURNS look like! from a burned out shell of a voter!
Brave to have it invitation only
Is this an invitation only town hall meeting for your donors benefit? Aren't invitation only events called fundraisers and lobbying?
Invitation only "town hall" meeting...what a coward.  Can't face the heat?  Prepare to face your re-election failure.
Listen to your constituents. No one wants Trumpcare. You are hurting Pennsylvanians.
How about Philly?!??!
Cut the 'invitation' crap, Pat. You're supposed to represent the entire state of PA. Not those you 'invite', like a frat party.
Handpicked crowd, limited TV access. Theater, not democracy.
"Audience is by invitation only." @SenToomey your cowardice is astounding. 5.5 yrs, we won't forget.
Useless meeting with a useless senator who doesn't want to listen to what constituents really want - HIS OWN agenda is more important!
#ToomeysLastTerm
This isn't a town hall, it's choreographed theatre.
Since we can't really ask questions and you wont really answer questions, THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL!
You are a coward!
An invite only "town hall" isn't a real town hall Toomey. Stop bullshitting. Philly wants a read town hall 19125.
Real not read. Sorry all.
Not a town hall.
This is BULLSHIT. Invitation only, no Pitt or PHL audiences.
I hate your face so much.
Adapt will be there!
Is this a true Town Hall or a staged production for GOP propaganda?Choose 1: representative of the people OR a coward in a position of power
@abc27news please confront @SenToomey on his cowardly and unconstitutional refusal to meet with constituents who may questions his actions
Town hall? Oh I forgot we're in upside down world where town hall means you'll be on tv. Say hi to Koch bros. for me.
Invitation only, cherry-picked audience is not a town hall.
In person town halls pat!  Why hide from your constituents?
Are there any circumstances that you would support Single Payer Healthcare as a way of repealing and replacing the ACA?
"The audience is by invitation only." Uhuh.
Now you can lie to our faces instead of on Twitter!
Get ready to listen to the whiners scream and yell like animals
You are unable to defend this bill face-to-face with your constituents, because there IS NO defense for it. You are hiding & fooling NO ONE
Ok one more time sir: IT IS NOT A TOWN HALL IF YOU CAN'T LOOK ME IN THE EYES!!!
"Audience by invitation only" -  YOU COWARD!!!!  Wow...
Why are you afraid to face your constituents face to face?
Let's see what softball questions he cherry picks to answer.
Coward.
Town halls are not invitation only.
How come either nobody answers your phones or the voice mailbox is always full? Why don't you want to hear from your constituents?
not a town hall
Invitation only town hall??? You have no spine, Senator. You need to allow all your constituents the opportunity to ask questions
Another chance for you to spew bigotry, hatred and lies.  You're a national disgrace.  We can see and hear you #GOPDestroyingAmerica
FAKE TOWN HALL sooooooo Sad!!!
@chrislhayes @maddow @Lawrence - I know there is a lot going on in the news, but I hope this warrants some national coverage.  Invite only?
NOT a town hall. It's cowardice! You should meet your constituents face to face in an OPEN 
forum. Looking forward to voting you OUT!!
Coward. You and every rep that won't hold public town halls in person are cowards and not doing your jobs.
It's not a "Town Hall" if people can't choose to show up and interact w/you in person. "Invitation only" is a performance, not a public mtg.
NO. Stop dodging Philly. We want a live town hall, in person, no invitation needed.
Why don't either entity show some transparency about the selection of the questions for this non-town hall event....invite only?
How about #CleanRepeal
Both @SenToomey and @abc27news need to stop calling this a town hall. It is total bullshit. What a joke.
I will watch, but why not have one in Pittsburgh? When it says the audience is by invitation only, how was the audience chosen?
By invitation only? Must be scared of something. Wonder who's invited...
Is it really a town hall if only those allowed to can join?
Come back to Philly
Its not a town hall if by invitation only
Always with the filter
Interesting how there's no representation allowed from any of these counties
Show up outside the station at 6 pm Channel 27 in Harrisburg
Invite only town hall....but we will make our voices known outside channel 27!
"by invitation only"...Senator Toomey has chosen a venue in which he can spin his policy opinions without being challenged..
So you've re-defined 'town hall' as 'invitation-only soundbite op with pre-screened questions'?
Won't be a town hall....will be a series of lies and misrepresentations to regular people on tv just like usual from @SenToomey
That's not a real town hall Coward. You want to kill women, children, veterans, and the elderly. FACE US. #SavetheACA
Not good enough. If you can't face your constituents what good are you?
Not a town hall!! A town hall is in person, without pre-screened participants where people can ask any question & voice disagreements.
Coward
The audience is by invitation only.  That is not a town hall meeting.  Fielding questions you want... If you can't do your job,  RESIGN!
Invite only is NOT a townhall. Vetted questions do NOT reflect concerns of many PA res. Why do you stay silent on the devisive rhetoric?
Talk is cheap.  You need to show you are advancing the ball.   House, senate and WH.  What more?  Maybe different people.
You spelled "by invitation only" wrong.
When will you realize Trump is a GOP liability and do something about it? I'm a R & cant understand why no R's in DC will do SOMETHING!!
Pat will perform Trumpery.
Invitation only town hall?  Questions screened?  Nice try.
@SenToomey If you had courage to hear from constituents, I would invite you to come see what Medicaid does to help PA families every day.
You don't seem to know what a town hall is...
Do you believe @realDonaldTrump had the most attended inauguration?
Zoom in and see why :)
This is not a town hall if it isn't open to everyone.
No way to treat your constituents. But you don't care since you just got re-elected.
I'll pass. I've heard all your lies before you coward.
Invitation only, no in-person audience, no paricipants from within 100 miles of Philadelphia? Calling it a town hall doesn't make it one.
#ToomeyMustGo I will be thrilled to have the privilege of voting Toomey out.
Coward
Toomey sends out tweets like this,  but is to spineless to respond to any of his critics on twitter
#RealPA doesn't need a #FakeTownHall 19518
How about allowing your constituents to actually be present?  This isn't a townhall, it's a TV appearance. #Listen2Us
Questions submitted in advance and chosen to be asked isn't a "Town Hall" at all. Words have no meaning anymore
why is this invite only?  Are you you stacking your audience to avoid meeting your REAL constituents. #GOPfrauds #fraud #GOPdeathcare
My invitation to participate must be lost in cyberspace. Watching you answer presubmitted questions is not a town hall meeting. Try again.
I hear questions will be pre screened ... Which is why telephone town halls are bad. But you improved notice.. Up to 7 hours now from 2 
Also heard attendance was by invitation only...
Can you please hold a real town hall where you look your constituents in the eyes
