Fact: You are fucking over the middle class. ONLY way to save economy is Universal Healthcare.
@TheJusticeDept.#GasLightMeIn4Words @level39 @funder @JoyAnnReid @veteransresist @MSNBC #GeeksResist @JustinTrudeau
#unite #Indivisible
So tax Trump, Tillerson, and his other cronies. Don't take our care!
You really should be ashamed of yourself for treating your constituents like we're complete rubes and fools.
Well then do something please....squandering power.....again.
So forcing them to pay more for healthcare while you give tax breaks to the wealthiest is your solution?
We are not stupid. We see through your spin.
How will the middle class fare under Vladimir Putin?
Where is the data that supports your facts?
It's a tax cut for the rich! Slow down and do this right. You are trying to rush this through just to get a win for the #GOP.
How you gonna repeal all those taxes but still say no one is going to lose their access to care?
Who actually believes this? Are you contractually obligated by the Kochs to say it?
No one should. I work in the insurance industry and he is a god damn liar. These are twisted "facts".
Exactly. The con game is over. The American people know exactly who is trying to hurt them and it's everyone with power right now.
What is going on in your brain and heart?
please do not swallow the TBS approach to the health care plan - you get what you pay for-no fault auto is mandatory / get it ! so should HC
Toomey is not for the middle class- he only cares for the rich - big cuts for them - look at their wealth over the last 10 years vs M Class
Can U Tell me where I can goto see the video of you on Morning Joe? I need to see bad.
So I'll save $200 in taxes to pay thousands more for procedures no longer covered by insurance. Thanks but no thanks. #notoBCRA
Plus the rich wont let that go there will be 300 added in fees elsewhere
So Misleading!  Vote NO on the GOP Deathbill 19056
I was a member of a consortium for health care - guess what - PREMIUMS went up EVERY year - but you do not tell people that - WHY NOT?
And my ovaries are the ones being destroyed by the new health care bill!
it costs a lot of money to save people from cancer -used to be people found out too late about colon cancer-tests COST MONEY-but save lives
This has NOTHING to do with middle class...you could care less. It's a tax cut for the wealthy 1%
Meet with your constituents please
35,000 new jobs in June were in healthcare.
No matter how you add it up its a tax cut for the wealthy that screws those who need it most! Its time to repeal and replace the GOP!
Well if the middle class is who you want to help why are all your tax cuts going to billionaires?Talk is cheap.Your policies tell the story.
this is total bull-what has hurt the middle class was the crash of 2008 - under the Republicans-and before that the tax cuts under Bush 2003
I'm middle class on ACA, I'm not crushed.
seriously Toomey.. just freaking STOP already.. the ONLY ones getting a tax break with the Senate plan are the wealthy!  we're not stupid!
LIAR!  This tweet will come back to haunt you. I promise.
no -the plan made the cost rise- it is for individuals wihout a group discount and requirements for coverage were increased-preexisting con!
how about the closing of the steel mills/Westinghouse plants how much did this crush the Middle Class? those good wages /benefits- gone
the ACA has to be funded! it is a good program and helps many- run the numbers for health care premiums from 1995-the premiums always go UP!
you only get what you pay for- the RICH know that - when it comes to the military spending is always a priority - health care needs cut! NOT
Dear pat, as someone embedded firmly i middle class, o care is a nothing burger. Now tell me why 1% ers get a pass?
Obviously we need to move all the taxes to the 1%.... Yup that will work.
Yeah.  No kidding. My premiums went up 71% this year. Fix this prob Toomey. Plz repeal and take govt out of HC. Simple rules for HC
Lol. Yeah. Ur right
What do they have on you that makes you defend Trumpcare like this? You were kind of bi-partisan before, but you are an embarrassment now.
Kind of bi-partisan??? Seriously???
Well, ok, once, about guns. So I'll amend it: He pretended to be bi-partisan...
Don't get me wrong, I'm willing to give a Republican their just dues when earned but @SenToomey isn't one them.
You lie so much your nose is growing!!
Wealthy Lives Matter... #wealthcare
Why didn't you Republicans cooperate in funding & fixing #ACA?
So disillusioned by pols like you.  Voted for you last time.  Heard you were honorable.   Was wrong.
they have no desire to reach across the asile and ask the democrats for help
LIE
Liar!!!!!!!!
Your plan is a tax break for the wealthy. Lies damn lies and statistics. Give the people what they want. AHCA for all. Improve, not repeal.
We should spare no expense to insure all Americans the medical care they need with no cutting corners. https://www.facebook.com/stevemonaco/posts/10155534657304772 …
This is a lie, my premiums on ACA were only $200 a month. I had great coverage  Stop the lies
Bettercare. Hahaha---Only if your healthy. Better not get sick, be in an accident or be diagnosed with cancer. #GOPdeathbill
Senator, please stop. This is irresponsible. Yes BCRA repeals NII tax & indiv mandate, but those are the provisions that lower premiums.
http://www.actuary.org/files/publications/BCRA_Comment_Letter_063017.pdf …
So,let me get this straight,the POOR Rich people will not greatly benefit while the truly POOR people lose their Healthcare? #WhatAmIMissing

...and your RIDICULOUS comments on TV this weekend confirms that R's many "repeal" votes over the last 7 years were also a load of crap!
This is such BS! GOP interference, dithering and sabotage is causing the premium hikes and the exodus of insurers.
Bullshit. People may not know who gave them access to healthcare, but come 5 years, they will sure know who took it away Toomey.
So, basically the @gop @HouseGOP LIED to the ANERICAN PEOPLE about healthcare.
Got it!
Coalition has begun to vote all of you out 
NEW TIMES
Myth: Toomey supports PA. FACT: he is a failure for the state!  Sad!
Opposers just want government handouts..no pride. I'm not rich; I don't want to be forced to carry health insurance! I'll challenge if so
These ppl replying to you don't think anyone needs to be responsible for him/herself. There are ways to help needy besides laws & taxes
Very glad you are on board. Get that indivd mandate out! Did you really say no plan was made coz no one thot Trump would win? Geez, I did!
MYTH! GOP sabotage created many of the ACA problems. FIX THOSE THE REPUBLICANS CREATED! NO to caps,high premiums.Yes pre-existing conditions
Bullshit!!!
Fact you have campaigned on this for 7 yrs and your answer is http://Darwinism.Tax  cut  for the rich and the hell with the  rest.
Liar! Again, you lie. #Obamacare taxes are only on the rich. Middle-class NOT impacted. How do you live with yourself?
It's a "Myth" that the more money you make, the larger your tax cut?
& IF govt. run h/care is so bad, why not cut Congress' too? #hypocrites
Not true! Stop false narratives and work for the 98% ACA should be improved NOT repealed #GOPtraitors #SaveHealthCARE @GOPSenate @HouseGOP
Fact: You are a lying liar who lies.
I'm surprised you aren't repeating the BS about how sexist the tax on the tanning industry is. #SaveACA
Your bad healthcare bill will cause middle class people with employer provided healthcare to pay more for less.
The exchanges are actually working quite well in PA. If you'd ever hold a town meeting, we'd be able to tell you this.
Get a grip. #Resign
Stop with the graphic BS, if you could say that your bill helps more at a lower cost you would. But, you can't, because it won't.
You need to vote no on this!
Show me the math Sen. @GOP is great @ creating a false narrative, like the ACA "death-spiral", while they themselves actively undercut it.
He is full of shit.
No you guys have crushed the middle class. Time for you to go. Vote him out or recall him.
So you are saying that your wealthy donors won't get a greater tax break from this than the middle class?
#Trumpcare
Pat, you have more spin than @lancearmstrong
Proposed tax credits versus subsidy = me not being able to pay for any health insurance.
I am middle class and could not have gotten health care that I could afford without the ACA.
Stop trying to gaslight us Senator. #StopTryingtoKillUs
No need to lie,  we all have internet now #voteNO

Not #bettercare 4 middle class when they have 2 cover more $$$ medical bills and insurance premiums #preexistingconditions #PAdeservesbetter
Then don't give the tax cuts to the rich. Use the revenue for healthcare. It's not rocket science.
Why are the lives and health of people who make less than $200k worth so little to you?
Next, you're going to post that 22 million people won't lose insurance but 22 million will choose to die early.
Your constituents are not falling for your attempt to get us to support the bill. You're just making yourself look more like a shill.
the people dont want this bad plan. Go back to the table and alloe some women and people who dont look like u come
A tax cut won't help you if you die due to lack of access to affordable health care #ProtectOurCare
That's an utter lie! Rich insurance company and health care CEOs get huge tax breaks, while 22 million Americans lose their health care.
Go back to the drawing board, this is not a satisfactory solution. Single payer way to go...
what would make this better is a side by side comparison.  do better for PA #Careforthecommonwealth #notyourdonors
ACTUALLY THE INSURANCE COMPANIES MAKE HEALTHCARE MORE EXPENSIVE; YOU ARE SADLY MISTAKEN IF YOU THINK CAUSE IS ELSEWHERE.
What crushing are you talking about exactly? #ACA has insured millions. #Wealthcare will only benefit your rich friends. #ToomeyLies
I don't trust you Toomey , my Dad always said, NOTHING LIVES IN SECRECY BUT TREACHERY. Seniors have a long memory and WE VOTE
You're a bum.
7y 2 figure it out u have the audacity 2 say u didn't think @realDonaldTrump would win so u didn't think you'd have 2 keep ur promise

FACT:  Trumpcare BCRA is a TAX CUT SCAM for millionaires & billionaires!!
FACT Trumpcare BCRA is a TAX CUT SCAM for millionaires & billionaires!!
You're an immoral liar who'll be responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group.  We can hear and see you Pat.
Stop misleading the people of Pennsylvania with your lies. Stand up to Trump and do the right thing.  Vote against this bill
You call people earning $250,000 and more middle class?  What country do you live in?
#MythvsFact myth: intentionally false and misleading statements become true with enough repetition and the right branding
You've put your "myth" and "fact" labels on backwards again.
Why not meet with your constituents in person to see how they feel about it?
Still talking about Obama? Really quite pathetic that in 7 years of whining you still have no plan. "It's just so hard!" Awwwww
Senator,777,000 in Pa. Will lose healthcare if Ts Wealthcare passes.Also Medicaid devastated nationwide.Do more research.
FAKE NEWS!!! Bootlicking doesn't become you.
Simple solution, Senator Toomey.  Give us the exact same healthcare coverage that you have.
I won't have to pay taxes when I am dead. #thanksgop
Not buying it @SenToomey you are a disappointment.
Keep it up. 10 of your fellow Republicans chose not to go over the cliff with you. I hope you enjoy your tour of denial.
BCRA gives tax breaks to the ultra rich at the expense of the middle class
I've heard & read  that 45% of the tax increases were on people making ore than $850K a year. Leave those in place for the poor.
You're a monster elected by monsters and idiots.
So the answer is to give enormous tax breaks to the top 1% and remove healthcare from 22million people? Really?
I'd rather have costlier healthcare then healthcare that covers nothing, or that I can't get because of a pre-existing  pregnancy.
I'm the middle class and I'm going to DIE without Obamacare. WTF are you talking about???
Why are you so obsessed with making life even sweeter for the rich?
You are so dishonest
Fake news Senator Toomey. TRUMPCARE will surely decimate middle class

Why don't you have an open, public, unscripted town meeting so your constituents can discuss?
@SenToomey you lie and I'm going to call you Monday morning and tell you so.
Thank you for your email today with link to your version of reality https://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=news&id=1949 . Now you should feel confident to defend.....
..your talking points in an open hearing process or even a real town hall.  And add justification for millionaire  taxcuts to your facts
Senator Pat Toomey, I want the healthcare plan that you and Congress have for your families! Improve ACA aka Obamacare! Single-payer plan!
No it hasn't!  For the first time, we're getting coverage for our son.  The top 1% earners who pay 90% aren't middle class #ThanksObama
Your plan puts more money into the pockets of the wealthy while providing LESS healthcare for the poor, the elderly & the sick. #Healthcare
Your plan is built on minimal regulation & minimal government insurance. It doesn't cover the poor, the sick nor the old. #HealthcareBill
You trying to push this bill only proves you don't care about the health and wellbeing of your constituents
We have NOT been crushed by ACA's costs; millions WILL be crushed by BCRA. Your "facts" are fake; u must think your constituents are idiots!
The middle class of PA is being sold out by @SenToomey
When comments:likes is 551:47, you may need to reflect on your stance
It cost more because you fought so hard against the individual mandate. Nice try sucka
Actually we have been crushed by increasing healthcare cost that have outpaced our salaries. But not your salary or healthcare coverage
Yes my premiums went up and so did my deductible but cuts to Medicaid directly effect my son with autism and juvenile arthritis

So repeal them already. Keep Your promises
We in PA deserve better than you and your donors and your "facts" are skewed.
You are just another GOP puppet following an ignorant leader with  no good health plan of your own all you can do is criticize what we have
My friend I've known probably  since kindergarten giving it good to our Senator! Go, Louie!
There's no one in the comments defending your statement. Your constituents are clear about what they want. It's your job to listen
Fact: Pat Toomey and Donald Trump would sooner have millions die than tax the wealthiest Americans
Fact: a huge majority of groups such as AARP, AMA and American Cancer Society oppose Trumpcare.
Just shut up already. We all know you and the rest of Trump nation couldn't care less about the welfare of the working folk.
You are a lying liar who lies.  If you'd ever pick up the damn phone or appear in public without sycophants, I'd be able to tell you that.
Just because you're 1 of SECRET13 doesn't make bad bill good. You should have been honest during campaign..just another wall street rat
solution - Repel - Replace later.
Fact: MILLIONS OF AMERICANS WILL BECOME UNINSURED UNDER YOUR NEW PLAN
Why are you Lying?
Cutting $800 billion+ does not "strengthen" Medicaid. That #ToomeyCare #TrumpCare cut eviscerates Medicaid.
I triple dog dare you to vote for this healthcare bill
Are you greedy or misinformed? Other senators are backing away because of what it will do to rural areas.  Why don't you?
No, it hasn't. It's been crushed by wage stagnation, lopsided tax policies where capital gains are taxed at low rates and pols like you!
Just a reminder, in case you forgot about where I stand with you,  #SpinelessCoward.
You lost all credibility when you became a rubber stamp for Trump, something you said you wouldn't do. You have let your constituents down.
OMG would you just stop already?? We're not buying your spin. Stop pretending like you're helping us while your rich friends get richer.
We see right through you. This is all a grab to get more money for INSURANCE and Phara companies. They paid you off. Shut Up Already.
Show some fortitude. Face your constituents, senator.
Your nose should stretch from DC to Las Vegas for this lie, Senator Pinocchio!!!
Typical Club for Growth disinformation. Toomey champion of Wall Street!
Lol all the liberals on here acting like Toomey is the bad guy here. He has the facts y'all just can't admit it.
Untrue.  Why don't you push a law that elected officials and their staff have to participate in the same "reform" that you are pushing?
No it doesn't @SenToomey - The ACHA will provide cheaper premiums by drastically reducing coverage.  Be honest.
#HoldARealTownHall
Quit beating around the subject and tell us what our premiums will be under the Better Care Act vs Obamacare.
@SenBobCasey you voted for these tax hikes on the middle class Sen Casey, now you want to spend more of our money to get yourself reelected.
An alternate fact??
Then fix the ACA Don't repeal it & put something worse in its place Soc Sec & Medicare had to be revised but weren't repealed
No, this trumpcare is a tax relief program for the wealthy, tool. Stop distracting and inserting middle class. You Don't Serve Me!
There you go again with your #alternativefacts. Your health care bill is a tax cut for your wealthy friends.
If Trumpcare is so wonderful, then you, Mr. Toomey and all of Congress should be on it as well!
Please don't vote for this bill. We need full repeal first. And then a low cost healthcare plan with no fine if you don't join.
