Thank you for supporting our President Senator. OC costs are unbearable for millions who can't even go to the Drs.
This bill does nothing to lower costs. The objective is a tax cut. Not health care
Yes it does and it makes able body people go to work which cuts all the freebies. It gives us a choice instead of having 1 comp.
Umm..no it doesn't. Stop watching fox and read the cbo report.
But let me guess... Trump says it's fake so it's fake... Stop being a sheep and think independently
It was fake before Trump hunee. They're caught in lies of a story a week min lately.
You are trying to make it work for Senators who want to strip MORE ppl of hc while every major patient group and the Catholic Church oppose!
The Government should not be involved in the Health Insurance business. Repeal, but don't replace. Back to pre-ACA.
Before pre-ACA the government was still the largest single payer of healthcare in this country. Medicare, the VA, Medicaid were all there.
Rosemary Stevens, a historian and sociologist at UPENN, wrote that "in the early 60s, the choices for uninsured elderly pts needing...1
2 ... hospital service were to spend all savings, rely on funding from their children, seek welfare (and the social stigma this meant) or...
3... hope for charity from the hospitals or avoid care altogether." 

This is what Medicare changed
No one believes your lies about Medicaid. NO ONE. Your staffers crack as soon as I ask one follow up. You are pathetic.
The amazing inability of his staff to answer any questions is stupefying.
I have never been able to get an actual person on the phone 
I just called his D.C. Office and the woman hung up in me
Got through to both Allentown and Pittsburgh today. There is an incredibly condescending young man answering phones in Pittsburgh. Call him.
and that I should take the time to actually read the bill as it is available online. I laughed at her, said that's ridic., she hung up.
Remind them every major patient org opposes it along with US Catholic Bishops, who said "it will harm human beings". Ask for his comment.
I will try again tomorrow. Thank you for listening to me rant. I am so angry right now.
For a healthcare plan to work effectively there can be no exception, no opt outs. It has to be uniform across the country.Medicaid expanded.
The US is the richest country in the world and can easily afford Medicaid! Admit it, Pat, you just don't want to pay for it!
Let's be honest here - the "damages" were caused NOT by ACA, but by GOP states refusing the Medicaid expansion! #TellTheDamnTruth #NoBCRA
It's not fiscally responsible to put millions of people in danger so you can cut taxes for your rich donors and give healthcare CEOs bonuses
Please do not support a bill that was crafted in secret by a small group of men and will cause far more harm to Pennsylvanians than good.
Just propaganda.  All the GOP bills are bad bills. The ACA is not failing. The GOP led states are responsible for it not working in them.
It is a tax break for the rich, and a death sentence for the poor. You know it and don't care. You are not a true Christian.
GOP are  corporate puppets and cannot govern ,  only obstruct .
Thinking is not a good hobby for you. Your "thoughts" have deadly consequences. That's what your constituents are telling you. #LISTENTOTHEM
I'm a physician who voted for you to balance out my vote for Hillary and b/c you seemed reasonable. I was so, so wrong. Sorry, Pennsylvania
There's still time senator. Please don't support a bill that your party was too ashamed to debate & no single medical organization endorses
Be careful he may lock you up , good thing you have an alais
The only step this bill takes is a step back to the 1950s. 700,000 PA residents will lose insurance. BRILLIANT.
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
Your thoughts with your constituents. Lock 'em up
What's with the gop and the munsters toomey=Herman ryan=Eddie cruz=grandpa Huckabee=Lily trump=spot
Show up at his office and tell him what you think.
Lose the tax breaks, reallocate the money and see how to cover all Americans, that would help.
Please admonish @realDonaldTrump for his tweet today and his lack of respect for the office he holds. I will not vote for you again.
Please we want free market I hope this is part of the bill. Thank You.
You lost my vote. How can you stand to call yourself a republican and vote for this bill and not answer your phone when your voters call you
People are crazy if they vote for you again. I know I won't!!!!!
Meet with your constituents here in Pittsburgh during the recess, Toomey, so that we can let you know what we think about this issue!
We need single payer, like medicare for all, or maybe 50 years and older... and the young ones can buy insurance and have HSAs if they want
It isn't fair that we have no say, no input. You assume what we want, you don't actually listen to us because you won't face us.
The biggest problem is that your voters are not aware of what the GOP is taking away from them. There are no hearings, town halls to inform
When Trump said he loved the uneducated, you probably nodded so hard you got a concussion. If it isn't on Fox, they won't have a clue
And you can con them until after you and Trump have moved on and they feel the pain, then blame Obama or next Dem president
Hold a town hall in Philadelphia.
1) Why just R Senators? A bipartisan solution is needed.
2) Many Pennsylvanians have benefited from Medicare expansion. Don't throw them under thw bus.
3) Have you scheduled any Town Halls over Recess
Are pigs flying? He can't face us, he's scared. I'm sure he started out his career wanting to be a voice for the people. He's forgotten that
Far from perfect. Look at these numbers genius. Even fox says this bill sucks.
Please vote to remove government from the Health Insurance and Healthcare markets. Let the free markets operate, and Medicaid for the needy
TOOMEY YOU ARE DELAYED AND UNDER THIS BILL YOUD BE SCREWED
What a farce. You're the worst. Terrible. Horrible. No good Senator. #NOTrumpcare #TownHall
You keep saying Obamacare is failing. GOP pulled ads for enrollment and sabotage it. You out our lives at risk just to win.
How do we kick you out of office before your up for re-election?
*Obama
#%&off
You can lie to yourself, but every preventable death going forward is in you. Cutting Medicaid, reducing SSDI payments = real people dying.
My thoughts on this today...you are so fired come next election! Lining your pockets over protecting us. Shameful!
Stop lying to the people of Pa. That bill has NOTHING to do with care. Its all about the tax cut for  wealthy. #WealthCare
Maybe some of the 20 billion GOP wants for border wall would be better spent on expansion of Medicare and Medicaid?
You have tax papyer paid healthcare .What make you so special that only you deserve healthcare with no caps etc
You were better off keeping them to yourself. If this monstrosity passes you'll have blood on your hands. 2020 can't come soon enough.
Bullshit, this bill is meant to destroy any chance of coverage for anyone with "pre-existing conditions" that are out of their control.
You're really out of touch with your constituency and with intelligent moderates. There is near consensus that this bill is a debacle.
If you are so proud of what you are doing why not tell the truth.
What about this is affordable? What will happen to my parents under this plan? Especially my mother with emphysema.
NO trumpcare or Obamacare! Keep your promise to #REPEALObamacare completely! #UnitedforFreedom!

If only @SenToomey cared as much about saving American lives as he does sugar, #TrumpCare would fail. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/880481036857208832 …
If ACA is not repealed in its entirety you have not helped anything. Repeal it all then address needs in a spending bill like Rand Paul said
So when and where will your townhalls be so that you can obtain public feedback you reference?
Putting Medicare on a "sustainable fiscal path" is taxing the real welfare sponges - the wealthy and big biz! Healthcare not wealthcare!!!!
answer your constituents
This is a tax cut bill for people like you. Stop pretending it isn't
You are a monster looking to hurt poor families.  No two ways about it #SenatorToomonster
Just went to doc. $10 copay, $4 prescription, $9 / mo for insurance for daughter & me. Explain how Obamacare has damaged me please.
The vast majority of your constituents couldn't care less what your thoughts are; you've disclosed who you are and you must go. Pathetic
17% approve of GOP Healthcare Bill. It is less popular than lice, traffic jams, & Genghis Khan. Not making this up. @KeithRothfus
Since you ask, here's mine - this is a massive give-back to the wealthiest 1% at the expense of your constituents.  We know who you serve.
Jesus said, "What will it profit a man if he gains the whole world, and loses his own soul?"  (Mark 8:36)
Perhaps you should consider resigning so we can get a Senator that works for the people not the monied interests.
Please, VOTE NO!
"Sustainable fiscal path"? ......you mean cut and eventually eliminate right?
When did people losing their healthcare become a positive step?

I thank @HAPUpdates & PA’s health care leaders for their staunch opposition to Medicaid cuts https://youtu.be/q_Hb7NN3k7k  https://www.haponline.org/Portals/0/docs/Access-to-Care/PA-Provider-Letter-BCRA-2017june28.pdf …
From Elk County: RESIGN NOW  You do not represent the needs of Pennsylvania. Just take a job on Wall Street.
17% approval rating for this bill! Good god, do ever get tired of being wrong?
You are a dangerous Fool
the implementation of the ACA may have not been perfect. It costed more$ to the middle class than anticipated.But it never put lives at risk
Recall/replace Toomey
All of the things you guys complained about with the rolling out of the ACA, are the exact things you doing now. Hypocrisy at its worst.
Advice from doctors: First, do no harm.  Therefore, the American College of Physicians strongly urges you to vote down the BCRA.
Explain the tax cuts please.
You have ZERO concept of healthcare and we are going to vote you out.
Pack your bags
Remember your Ad in 2016 where you promised your mother that you wold never hurt any seniors...Did you lie to your Mom? VOTE NO!
"Not Perfect"?  Reagan must be rolling over in his grave.  & the next day this admin. goes after disabled vets? Appalling Avarice
No, it puts insurance companies in charge and reduces the number of families who have insurance.
Did you really have protesters arrested? How sad for you! Are you really that cruel? and heartless? Vote NO!
Pat ot is a tax cut plain and simple with no thought to affordable heath care..This death bill is to answer your money from pharmaceutical.
How unpopular is #Trumpcare?

NPR/PBS/Marist: 17%
USA Today/Suffolk: 12%
Quinnipiac: 16%

I believe the technical term for it is shitburger.
You were on the Medicaid task force in the group of 13, so you are accountable for the cuts, the lies and pandering to the greed.
This bill is despicable! Please don't vote for it. It is not too late to redeem yourself! Even tha AMA came out against it. 19464
It sucks and u know it stop voting with your party and vote for the people of Pennsylvania that employe you
Please support private sector health care and greater competition
22 million fewer people insured, but tax cuts for the wealthy.  I would get a cut but be ashamed.  I'm a constituent, Pat!  Stop that bill.
Tha'ts bull!
Stop trying to steal from MILLIONS of Americans to benefit ~400 super-wealthy house-holds.
NOTGOOD ENOUGH!!

#FightHarderforPA
#BurnedDownSenator, what about pre-existing conditions?  still feel like those of us w them shouldn't be insured because of our "liability?"
What positive step?
You are the worst.
Your idea of a great health care plan is called "Don't get sick."
ACA gave me good affordble healthcare- BCRA will take it away so I won't b able 2 affrd it with my pre-existing conditions. Pro-life my ass!
Your #ChristianBrothersValues: compassion for poor and disadvantaged, just society and diversity of the human family. Does #BCRA do this?
So it's not perfect because some of the vulnerable might still be able to keep their healthcare? Would it be better if we all died at once?
Coward! You helped write the bill!
If introduction was the initial step, when are the public hearings, markups, and your town halls?
You call yourself Catholic? You are out of touch with humanity. It will be THE dark night of your soul.
The bill is an atrocity, abandonment of your responsibility to your constituents in order to benefit the rich. Vote NO!
Counting on you
Stop misleading and lead!!!
@NBCPolitics move from the rhetoric of repeal and replace. How about the you leading on Help and Heal legislation to repair ACA
Agreed. "No one fights in a burning house." Let's change this thing, pass it, and move on. Leaving #ObamaCare in place is a NONSTARTER!
Repairing the damage caused by the ACA?  Are you going to reverse the lives saved?
Please Mr. Toomey, think twice before you support this deadly "health"care bill. It will put thousands of Pennsylvanians, like me, in danger
Senator, regarding public feedback, will you be participating in any Independence Day parades? #meetyourbosses #comesayhi
I do not support this health care legislation.  Too many people will lose all medical care and the state of Pennsylvania cannot cover them.
Then put together a reasonable bill with wide public support!  Why 'come together quickly' if this is just the 'beginning of the process'?
$700Billion cut to Medicaid is murder. This is a #WealthCareBill. How much will premiums go up for your constitnts? Have you even told them?
What are your thoughts on the protestors u had arrested today? Despicable! People are afraid & u have them arrested. Wow.
This statement fucking sucks
Where will you be meeting in PA this next week?
Please hold a Townhall now. I will drive anywhere in the state, any time of day to see you. No Facebook mtg with 10 min notice. #TownhallNow
Please, for patients in our state and in all states, Block the BCRA bill. Leaves so many w/o care, helps insurers > patients
Kill the bill as written or envisioned.
Lots of people voted Hillary/Toomey.  It won't happen again unless you listen to all your constituents.  Hold at townhall!
You don't give a flying F about families in Pennsylvania.
Will we be seeing you in Pittsburgh?  LOTS to talk about.
Senator NO ONE wants this passed.  Vote NO this is what the people who voted for you want!!  This is YOUR JOB!!!   Not the way u want 2 vote
The main component of this bill provides a $45K tax cut to the top 1%. How does this lowers premiums, increases quality ect?Represent PA pls
VIDEO: Today, anti-GOP health bill protesters were dragged from Toomey's office, begging to save their healthcare
‘Kill the bill, don’t kill me’: Police drag health care bill protesters from GOP senator’s office http://www.rawstory.com/2017/06/kill-the-bill-dont-kill-me-police-drag-health-care-bill-protesters-from-gop-senators-office/ … 
Where's your town hall?  Chicken are we?
Obamacare, aka ACA, most definitely wasn't damaging. Open your eyes. It continues to save lives. Why deny good people healthcare ?
We don't believe your lies.   You need to think about your constituents.  This bill is all about tax breaks for the rich.
why quick?  Republicans want this done right after the 4th....people's lives r on the line.  don't rush. &  cut tax cuts for billionaires!
BCRA would be bad for patients we serve as well as our ability to provide care. Primary care must be supported or health care costs rise.
your bill does nothing to solve the problem. #repealit
Get it together and start working in a non partisan way. Forget repeal and replace and switch channels to fix. Same for the democrats.
We should repeal your health care. And see what happens when your family get ill. 23 million in jeopardy with your proposal you fool
DO WHAT IS RIGHT ! MONEY FOR HEALTH CARE NOT THE WEALTHY. THIS BILL IS A TAX GIVE AWAY! WE ALL KNOW HOW WELL THAT GOES...CHECK OUT KANSAS !
Why do you go on Meet the Press and lie to the American people?
I'm a scientist working for a major PA biopharm company. You are so wrong on this so called health care  bill. The ACA will not fail
As a trauma researcher I know trauma care is expensive, this robs millions of the ability to pay in the event of a life threatening accident
I am a PA resident....you do not represent me and you do not represent the residents of this state.  You represent GREEDY OLD POLITICIANS
4- And if this HAS to be done because of national debt, how come so much of the savings winds up in the pockets of rich folks like you?
3- Tell me how you justify a bill that will bankrupt rural hospitals and nursing homes, and kill less expensive home health care programs
2- Tell me how you justify a bill that takes health insurance coverage away from over 700,000 Pennsylvanians...400,000 on Medicaid
We deserve to be heard and treated with respect. 4/
do the grunt work to make the rich richer. Without us, the super rich would have no money. We are the foundation of your wealth.  3/
Are you listening to your constituents???  People want you to work with dems to fix Obsmacare - not replace!!!
1 -U were on the team that wrote this. U R lying about its impact.  Tell me how you cut $800B from health spending w/out gutting Medicaid.
Nursing home care impossible as well. We are not statistics. We are human beings. We flip your burgers. We scrub your toilets. We are 2/
You can contact Senator Toomey here: https://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=contact 
11,700 U.S. veterans in the state of Pennsylvania are going to lose their Medicaid health coverage because of you.
Your GOP TrumpCare plan will cause 11,700 veterans in the state of Pennsylvania to lose Medicaid health coverage: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/poverty/news/2017/06/27/435169/impact-senate-health-care-bill-veterans-state-state-breakdown/ …
We DO NOT want to repeal & replace #ACA ever.  You aren't stabilizing Medicare or premiums w #TrumpCare. Use our tax revenue 4 our health!
22 million people losing their healthcare is not a positive step.
The feedback from the public is clear. Nobody wants your shitty "healthcare" bill.
Feedback from the public? Try ANSWERING YOUR PHONES!
I been calling since 2009 about repealing...1st) we need the house 2nd) we need the Senate..3rd) we need the presidency- YOU WON ALL -REPEAL
SENATOR- WHY DON'T YOU PUT THE BILL THAT YOU PUT ON OBAMA'S DESK,,,ON TRUMP'S ...YOU ALL CAMPAIGNED TO REPEAL ---YOU LIED
@SenToomey  You will be voted out if this bill passes in its current state.
disappointed that my Senator thinks a plan eliminating health care for 22 million while giving tax cuts to the wealthy is acceptable
You dont care about the people in your state and are too much of a coward to hold a real townhall
& your constituents thoughts on #healthcare? no one can reach you! not even the 1st woman to hold statewide elected office in PA, my grandma
Your idea of putting Medicaid on a sustainable fiscal path is gutting Medicaid.
If you consider 22M people not having healthcare and the costs becoming impossible. The GOP can't create a good bill only R&R.
R&R is not a solution. The GOP doesn't want to take care of its citizens. You can find money for defense but not healthcare.
This bill is unChristian and unAmerican. To cut medical care for our needy for a tax cut to the 1% is not what I want my senator to support.
So, when's your next town hall? You know, so we the public can give you some 'feedback?'
"Changes based on feedback from the public... That's a great idea! So you'll be scheduling townhalls for your constituents? #WheresToomey
You are trying to strong arm those senators with a conscious who are voting NO to vote yes. NO is the right answer. Don't cut Medicaid funds
You do know there is no cuts?  It is less increases then Obamacare  but still increases
