You don't have our best interests at heart. You are in it for the $$$. You are a cruel cruel man.
Toomey is downright evil
You're a bad person & I shouldn't have to call your office every single day to ask you not to take Medicaid away from my son
Pay for your own sons http://healthcare.You  brought him into the world. He's YOUR responsibilty, not the Govt or other taxpayers. Yours.
Make sure you, my dear, don't take advantage of social security or Medicare. You're YOUR own responsibility!
I've paid into it for 35 years, little girl.
But it's govt based! And did you know that when people go to the ER with no insurance, you pay for that, too!! Typical Trumper. Name caller
You called me dear. Yes. I do know I pay for illegals healthcare and education. Now go about your day at the doughnut shop. Bye.
If you give us healthcare we promise to pray for you when you get sick.
What is the matter with you? Are you completely braindead?
Shame on u Toomey. Sen McCain proved to be a true American hero, which you're clearly not. He stood up vs  his party, &  4 American people!
PA constituent here begging you to #VoteNO voters won't forget who took their health care away - not even in 2022.
Like your senate position, totally unacceptable!
is that the one everyone is voting on right now?  Why can't your constituents read it first?
They wrote it over lunch!!! This is true! I read it and his office confirmed it!! They wrote our future healthcare bill over lunch!
Pennsylvania aca market is doing fine unless trump screws it over. You are the very worst senator PA has had in a long time.
HEALTH CARE FREEDOM ACT?? @SenBobCasey please introduce the amendment That every citizen including all politicians get this ACT.
Don't you just love how they throw the word freedom in there. "how can they oppose it, got the word freedom"
Freedom just another word for nothing left to lose.....
It is a disgrace to this country. Philly Town Hall? I'll hold a Koch Bros pic in front of my face to make you feel like it's worth it.
Jesus. Mary. And Joseph @SenToomey -Give is Your healthcare. We pay for it. Do you have a conscience or any speck of decency?
Give US your healthcare. #mustproofread
I encourage the President to repeal the provisions that allow the Senate and House to be excluded from Obamacare
John McCain is the Senator we all wish we had. He works for the entire country.The rest of you could learn a great deal from him. Will you?
So what does Russia have on you? A plan with 17% public support is a little shady that you are pushing hard for it.
He doesn't care! He does as he please...Or as his donors tell him to!
Your A traitor to ur constituents, a trump lackey
You betrayed your role to do what's best for the country & Pennsylvanians. Please start demonstrating courage.
Sorry. The people need more care not less. Can't believe you can still support the whiney one that lives on Pennsylvania Avenue
So glad your vote was trumped!
Come to Philly @SenToomey We want to see you face to face
He is so scared of Philly. He should be at this point. I imagine this...
For the record it's a freaking tomato  before anyone freaks out
Lol
"Dammit, why wouldn't they work with us on a bill they weren't invited to help create and kept from seeing? Damn Democrats!"
I'd like to wish you the best #FailureFriday  EVER!!! #skinnytoomey
I will do all in my power to see you voted out.
He won't run again plus he has 5.5 years to line his pockets some more
Sad, but probably true.
Now Trump is threatening your healthcare.  How does feel to be bullied into a corner.  We should all have what you have. Universal Care All
Same as saying:  "Read War and Peace.  Comprehensive exam in 20 minutes."

Today I finally got the chance to quote President Trump on the Senate floor on how Australia's health care system is better than ours. 
How about Liberals get healthcare and conservatives get prayers?
Senator Toomey, where do u get your data? Poll after poll shows Americans favor ACA far more than any GOP version. You work 4 us, remember?
PLEASE VOTE NO. Pennsylvanians do not want any form of this bill.
Pat took in over 300k from healthcare cos in donations.  He'll gladly watch children suffer for money
You're gonna post this and literally vote on it immediately and still somehow claim the process was transparent because you tweeted the bill
He was 1 of the 13 who worked on the last bill behind closed doors,to screw his constituents.Has no feeling 4 them at all. No conscience.
Very true. Let's make sure he does not get another term in office. VOTE NO FOR PAT TOOMEY!
As in "freedom" from having healthcare?
I have read it and you should you should be ashamed of yourself for supporting it. #resist #savetheACA
Something else you want us to read, instead of actually taking questions and answering them and addressing concerns with constituents
It is shameful the way this health plan was created, without input from experts, review by Democrats, debate in front of the American people
How can you call yourself "pro life" when you create a law that will endanger the lives of millions of people across this country
And at the same time create huge tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans. bankruptcies due to medical crisis will skyrocket for the rest of us
No need to it's just a piece of crap and you know it! Take care of your constituents. Have a town hall and listen to us. #trumplackey
@SenToomey it would have been nice to have that before you voted to give us a chance to read it. No transparency on the @GOP side.
@SenToomey so glad those@with a conscience empathy and the knowledge didn't pass this bill. I know how u voted #skinnytoomey
Is "Freedom" the new GOP code word for discrimination??  "Health Care FREEDOM Act," "Religious FREEDOM bill." You can keep these "FREEDOMS."
You can call it whatever you like..."Freedom Act" is laughable...it is and always will be a DEATH SENTENCE with your name ALL OVER IT.  SAD!
PA's are a hard working principle based people. We are so tired of your voting pattern. Party over country. Do your job! Your Afraid! #Fired
Regardless of the phone calls, emails, ads in newspapers etc.. Toomey knows by now his constituents want him out, now. Only a matter of time
"Skinny Repeal" didn't work. Oh, I know. Let's just keep putting garbage together in hopes it doesn't stink.  Garbage in Garbage out.
Sorry your plans went awry. You can post this trash as much as you want. But there are some upstanding senators that I wish were in PA.
You is a coward.  You is a meanie. You is a snake.   SHAME!   SHAME!    SHAME! #achano
You are not a senator anymore but part of a corrupt dictatorship hidden behind closed doors and lies. Democracy is ending and you smile.
Is your lack of a spine congenital? Or did you develop it over years of bowing to special interests? 
imagine how much money ( the top 1%) is jamming into his pockets for this sneaky behavior. He took $60,050 for the DeVos vote& Rubio $98.000
as the mooch says go do a Steve bannon on yourself
Republican Tool!  Read this: FU!
Vote no
9:59pm. Coward.
I'm so disappointed that the republicans failed on the healthcare bill. We had all those years to prepare!! Taxes??
FIX WHAT WE HAVE.    19090
What's the plan? To fuck over as many Americans as possible?
Tommey start writing a resume now 
WE the PA VOTERS will be VOTING YOU OUT 2020 
I have yet to see anyone support you 
#TheResistance#RESIST
So....this is nonsense without the referenced original bills and you know it...deceptive and cynical statement.

Delete your account 19465
Then, come to your senses and pass #MedicareForAll. It's the only fiscally responsible plan. #HealthCare is a human right.
Thanks bro, would have loved to have this a month ago vs. an hour before the vote #SkinnyRepeal #wealthcare #FAIL #VoteThemOut
Why do you want me to bend over to read it?  Owwww... that hurts.
Tbt

get rekt
No, we don't have to anymore, we can put it in the garbage where it belongs.
Your yes vote on the "skinny bill" shows your willingness to pass a bad bill at any cost to harm Pennsylvanians. Shame on you.
Saw you vote aye 4 skinny bill to kill health care ins. co.s and the consumers. Way to to go against the interest of your constituents.
Those not following on C-SPAN:  ended up failing this morning (EST), no thanks @SenToomey . Now Dems and Rep. need to WORK together to FIX!
Shameful vote.
I'm ashamed to have you represent us!!!
This is a lousy bill, and you should be ashamed of the process that produced it. Be better than this.
This "bill" is an atrocity.
Blood on your hands, Pat.
Blood on your hands.
Vote no.
#16412
Please say no to this bill!!!!!!!!!
Plz do not pass skinny repeal tonite-keep conscience close to yr heart in voting-so many in PA rely on you-not good bill/go reg order-plz No
Here are the rest facts
If you think Obamacare is bad, make it better!! Don't repeal it!
you are a bad person
the staffer reading this is a bad person too don't pretend you aren't lol
You are despicable.
PLEASE vote no on Skinny Repeal - insurance market would be completely unstable - too many lives at risk.
party puppet pat - show some integrity ! Voting yes on this is outrageous
You
Vote NO!
See you explaining something to your colleagues on floor, too bad you did not have decency to explain to PA in person, ever
Thankfully Sen Casey is pointing to sections of act that hurt PA residents-all of them!
#VoteNO
Vote no bro.
Vote No!
It is now time to get you out of office.
Do the right thing at least once and vote No! Think of someone other than yourself'
You suck.
Freedom to LOSE our healthcare and healthcare jobs?How can you look in the mirror .@SenToomey .@SenateGOP Why do you hate Americans so much?
You only care about your donors. They'll get the tax cut this horrific bill will allow. Hope they're happy with your sycophancy.
I'm a pre-Trump, now-former Republican. I will do everything to make sure you are voted out of office at the earliest possible moment.
Please define freedom in your own words
That took me 10 minutes, longer than it took to write I assume. You murdering hack.
How does it feel to vote for innocent people to die so that others might have even more obscene amounts of luxury?
Shame.
oh, nice, a full 2 hours before you idiots vote on it
This is all a special kind of evil. I don't know how you can live with yourself.
But at the same time the idiots in this state elected you and its those same people that will be left without health insurance!
Do you listen to our messages? We neee your help! You are literally #killingus
The most substantive change to this bill is it has been renamed Freedom?  Senator you have really become a joke.
In due time, I think a goldfish will defeat you.  Really.  I'm already canvassing pet stores and it's pretty clear -- Toomey sucks.
PA resident here, still awake and watching to see if you vote to ruin the lives of millions.
Do your job and protect all Americans' rights to healthcare. Fund Medicaid with the tax breaks given to the 1%
You should be ashamed to participate in this ruse. We will remember and vote you out of office as soon as we could.
I read it. Can't believe you are voting for it if you read it. You won't get my vote for your next election which should be your last.
From @GOP & @SenateGop freedom euphemism for "We are free to screw you!" @JeffFlake @SenDeanHeller
Shame on you.. shame!  How can you be so frigging cruel???!!!!!!!
Are you proud of this, or are you hoping no one's awake to stop you?
Vote no. Do right by the Pennsylvanians who put you there.
Written over lunch or since lunch must make your really proud. Now we're down to 12% approval and you have the nerve to even bring this up?
The ACA was an attempt to solve a problem. You've offered NOTHING to help. You'd rather undo the fix & leave the problem. Worse than useless
You refuse to work in the good interest of your constituents. You refuse to meet with us. Why do you persecute innocent people? Why?!
WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH @SenateGOP?!?!???
Vote NO, @SenToomey! Scranton 18510
Way to keep being sketchy GOP and Toomey. You are just as horrible as this bill. If you are not gonna represent us then you should resign.
Update your resume. #YourLastTerm
YOU ARE IGNORING YOUR CONSTITUENTS AND ALL EXPERTS AND ALL PATIENT GROUPS.  YOU PUT PARTY OVER COUNTRY.  SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME
VOTE NO! #KillTheBillDontKillUs
#EvilToomey
Vote no on skinny health care bill. Would like to sleep without worry again.
It's awful and unchristian to take healthcare away from the poor.  We can spend billions on a wall/fence but can't take care of our own?
I will be voting NO for TOOMEY.   I will not forget
HOW DARE YOU DENY YOUR CONSTITUENTS AND THE PEOPLE ANY SAY OVER 1/6 OF THE ECONOMY. THE DEMS HAD OVER 100 HEARINGS.
Sickening. Literally.
Do you plan on sabotaging everyone's access to healthcare--even those of us whose employers currently have to provide it--while we sleep???
This bill would take healthcare away from 481,000 Pennsylvanians and raise everyone elses rates by 20%. This should clearly be a NO vote.
HOW DARE YOU TAKE 1/6 OF THE ECONOMY AND MAKE DECISIONS FOR ALL OF US. ABDICATION OF YOUR DUTY TO OUR COUNTRY.
I hope you read this thread and understand that your vote on this #skinnybill can ENDANGER your constituents, especially the most vulnerable
You serve ALL people. Reminder: people with disabilities and people with preexisting conditions and poor people ARE STILL PEOPLE.

This devastating “health care” bill is the result of what happens when a party becomes beholden to a small group of creepy billionaires. 
Re: your previous tweet. What does this bill do to 'Put Medicaid on a sustainable path'? because it appears to be absolutely nothing, Pat.
He helped draft this p o s. Of course he will vote for it. He already cashed the check.
Vote no. We will not forget.
Maybe instead of telling your constituents to read the bill, you should read what your constituents are writing to you about how awful it is
Pat, Pat, Pat: Vote NO and stand up for your real constituents. For a change.
So how are you going to vote @SenToomey?
Do you people really think Obama care works?It's failing and people can't afford it.Would be nice if Dems would help to avoid reconciliation
Do the right thing-VOTE NO!!!!!!!!!
You are an embarrassment & the bill a disaster. You know this. @SenateGOP knows it.
Please... If you have any decency or humanity left, just put your people before your party and VOTE NO
Nobody will lose heath care
Are you people crazy?CBO score says 20 mil will lose health care when only 10 mil are on it.Assume if care is not mandatory people won't buy
Economic eugenics @ its finest.
Please vote no to this. A yes vote will make it clear that you value your party over the people you were elected to represent.

Take in all of table 3 on this @USCBO analysis of the @SenateGOP scheme. What a terrible bill for the middle class 
Thank you for sharing. As a constituent, I ask you to vote No. Not the right decision for PA or USA. Not #RepealAndReplace, #MakeACAbetter
I say if we are going to defund planned parenthood let's defund viagra for men. This bill is an embarrassment.
CBO says 20% higher premiums right off the bat. Oh wait- let me guess- fake news, too? Vote no.
We want freedom from you and your R cronies who support party over country! Sad!
here is a better name for the law: the Republican Insurance Plan act (R I P act). Its initials tell you all you need to know about what 1/2
@SenToomey & the Rest of #TheSwamp  in the #GOP Actually fell about the poor, elderly and disabled (and those whose jobs help then btw) 2/2
"... if Republicans pass their 'health care' bill 20,000 Americans could die. That's a disgrace." Senator Bernie Sanders
Have you seen the new CBO score?! Oh, that's right, you consider that Fake News! Following in your president's footsteps!
It is an embarrassment. Please vote against it.
What is the point of reading it when you are going to vote for it in one hour regardless of how your constituents feel?
Vote NO! From a real Pennsylvania in 15108.
Katie McGinty for Pa Senate.  Landslide.  Theres something orange around your mouth there, Pat (the #KochPuppet ) Toomey
Please vote no. PLEASE.
Remind @SenateMajLdr #RootAndBranch 
#CleanRepeal #CleanRepeal #CleanRepeal 
#RootAndBranch #RootAndBranch #RootAndBranch #StatusQuoAnte
After eight years, this sad little rag written at the last second is a you got. You are a waste of a vote.
Text just revealed? No discourse? Immediate vote? Where are we?  #VoteNo to this #shameful #skinnyrepeal #killthebill Be decent
What is your end game @sentoomey? Certainly not the welfare of Pennsylvanians. May you be forgiven.
If you vote in favor of #skinnybill, you'd better plan on a new job at the end of this term. You are a cowardly liar. You're not repping PA
Sen Toomey. Read the text of my families message, "stop this hateful legislation. Don't trade benefits 4 the least of us for tax cuts 4 rich
Respectfully Senator the full text is not a full text. It is as skinny on context as it is skinny on providing health care.
@SenToomey please vote no to #SkinnyRepeal
You are terrible, senator - catering to big business for $$ they give you - your name s/b For-me not Toomey.  Vote no on the heathcare bill.
This is a travesty. Even you cannot say with a straight face that this bill will make healthcare better for anyone.
Tweeting a link an hour before a vote is no way to run government. Vote No!!!!
Don't vote for this sham of a bill. I'm tired of getting no response from your office. This is only going to hurt PA and America
You and your cronies are a disgrace. This process and your behavior should be criminal. I hope you go down with trump. And he is going down.
