Then why did you both support a bill that would have cut funding for treatment? Oh right you are lying Republicans with no moral compass.
Wake up! The opioid problem is insignificant compared to alcoholism in the u.s.!
more federal funding would actually treat the problem - we don't need reminders, we need action.
Declaring a crisis and not devising & funding  a plan to address it is the usual empty rhetoric we get from you & the WH!
Defunding and repealing the #ACA would be a disaster in the fight against opiod addiction. Please expand access to healthcare
Toomey is an advocate for murder, just read his Repeal of the ACA. We need to bring Toomey to court and charge him with attempted murder.
Donald Trump has done nothing on the opioid crisis http://www.msnbc.com/all-in/watch/donald-trump-has-done-nothing-on-the-opioid-crisis-1032009795986 … via @msnbc
Has it actually been declared? And would you consider protecting Medicaid funds to help fight the epidemic?
PresTrump says there's 142 Opoid Deaths every day in the USA is a national emergency.  How about the 782 Cancer Deaths each day aren't they?
Your right and it's time people fight back by filing medical malpractice because doctors are not treating pain..causing suffering
But, Senator, he didn't actually declare it a nat'l emergency, right? Where's the funding? Where's the plan? Where's the healthcare?
That reminds me of when George W. Bush said Darfur was in genocide & didn't send any troops there to fight it

Which violated UN procedure.
Are you aware of the role pharmaceutical companies play in marketing drugs with addictive dosing schedules? Will they be held accountable?
Where is your tweet about what happened in Charlottesville this weekend and Trump's support of KKK and white supremacists today?
And it took only six months, guess his golf trips took priority
& yet you're willing to strip folks of the healthcare access they need to get lifesaving treatment.  Bravo.
SILENT ON NAZIS ?

Neo-Nazis marching in Trump's name.

@GOP
@WhiteHouse
@HouseGOP
@SpeakerRyan 
@SenTomCotton 
@SenToomey 
@SteveKnight25
Neo nazi?  Just call them nazis. That what they are
Hey Pat why don't you hold the town hall and talk to us about the government's plan on this? That would be so great
You have to say face-to-face town hall, otherwise coward @SenToomey  holds phone calls or TV interviews and calls them town halls.
Remember Just Say No... that did not work either
So what is the plan? More arrest of already victimized uses? Incarceration of users? Media campaign to victimize users? GOP wants punishment
He didn't declare an emergency. 

You can't just do that off the cuff; must do the paperwork.

Nice try, though.

16412
Declarations mean nothing. Hold the pharmaceutical companies responsible and make them foot the bill.
Certainly going to be hard to get opioid help with that crap healthcare plan you helped craft and wanted to pass. Tick-tock...
- How abt a statemt condemning white supremacy - C'mon, be brave, u can do it  - "white supremscy is bad" - c'mon, say it
It's a HEROINE epidemic! Call it what it is!  You can't fix anything without health insurance.
That would have been something to keep in mind when you were attempting to cut Medicaid.

We are paying attention, Sir.
Are you sure? I think POTUS is just being "sarcastic" again
And yet you both want healthcare that would leave the addicted people defenseless and without resources (pretty much to die).
So far talk not action let's see what happens
Drs need to prescribe intensive rehab after surgery, INSTEAD OF PUSHING PILLS. INSURANCE NEEDS TO COMPLY. AND stop Internet sales.
no comment on the march in Virginia? when will you find your voice against hate? when it is too late?
Really?  You mean his first grade level statement about telling our youth that its bad stuff and they shouldn't start?  Just Say No. Wow.
Trump said he'd declare an opioid state of emergency. Guess what hasn't happened… http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/08/trump-said-hed-declare-an-opioid-state-of-emergency-guess-what-hasnt-happened/ … via @MotherJones
OMG, is Toomey saying 45* has everything under control? Toomey=Tool/Putin supporter
Toomey if you repeal the ACA without a better replacement that insures everyone, I am hoping you lose your health insurance and sick
How did it really go? Why trust this unstable man?
You just finding this out. Get you head out of the sand or whatever dark place your head is is in. The informed have known about this
Now do something!  Support treatment not jail!
Build the freaking wall and let ICE and DEA get tough.
Legalized marijuana would combat opioid issues. Ask the medical community. Ask Dr. Sanjay Gupta. Have him chat w/ Jeff Sessions et al.
Only doing this for his base & voters in Ohio
You are a hypocrite and a fraud.  Resign so PA stands a chance! #TrumpLacky #NotMySenator
You don't care about providing good health care to Pennsylvanians so why do you pretend to care about the opioid crisis?
Any comment on the seriousness of his tweets about North Korea? No? Denial's been working well so far anyway, right?
Get the manufacturers and Physicians prescribing Opioid to pay for treatment.
You are just worried because you know that they are overwhelmingly your voters.
It has been proven, will you work with a proven fact? Probably not you want to throw 22 million people of Healthcare
Yes, you who tries to take health care coverage away from the sickest
Yet if trump repeals and replaces ACA, those that need the help will not be able to afford coverage and fall deeper into drug addiction.
"locked and loaded" seriously he uses the escalating situation with N. Korea to play to his base. Good God, I can't stand it!
I'd bet there's more than 11 deaths per day in PA. You wouldn't really know, #SpinelessCoward, because you're too busy trying to screw us.
Well I am not surprised people are overdosing with who is in the white house
And a gut punch to the African American community that has been battling addiction issues for over a decade.
It would be a simple matter for Congress to regulate prescriptions of opioids.
Saying it isnt the same as actually doing it right. Its like how you say you represent PA but really only represent corporate interests
Yes, 11 OD deaths a day is precisely why WE fought against your Healthcare bill! We, the ppl, have known it's a nat. Emergency for a while!!
Deep....thanks for weighing in with an opinion we all had first!
Not nearly enough money nor even a plan to cover it. Do your job.
There needs 2 B regs on how many pills a Dr can prescribe 4 a patient Many Drs   give WAY too many 4 minor incidents
.@SenToomey .@MikeKellyPA Please START thinking about the American People. All of YOU wanted to CUT this help from OUR Healthcare. #MAGA ???
We need to embrace our brethren and help them: focus on harm reduction and support; not penalizing and furthering their situations.
Wait, Aren't YOU the SAME guys that wanted to CUT this out of OUR healthcare?? #RepublicanHipocrisy #SAVEObamaCare #MAGA #ShameOnYou #SoSad1
Psst, Pat. POTUS is the national emergency. What say you about that?
"So if we can keep them from going on and maybe by talking to youth and telling them: No good, really bad for you in every way." Imbecile!!
And he then freed up how many $$$ for treatment? Oh yeah, right. Zero. And Toomey says... that's right... zero.
Then make sure every Pennsylvanian has access to physical and mental health services. Because jail isn't the answer.
so don't treat the symptoms= fund more acupuncturists & mental health professionals.  Thought you were the "biz" senator, ROI of prisons?
Empty, meaningless tweets as usual. Hold a town hall facing your constituents with an actual plan of action!
If you really cared you would have had a better response/vote on improving the Affordable Care Act.
What's your plan? More crime and punishment like Sessions is proposing or do you feel like using science this time?
Screw the Opioid crisis toomey boy. We have a bigger crisis in the #WhiteHouse. Deal with that FIRST.  #EAEWO 's &'s Wide Open.
Bullshit. You want to know what's serious? We have a dangerously unhinged man with sole access to the nuclear codes.  #25thAmendmentNow
Can you explain how the Republican plan to destroy Obamacare w/o a real replacement plan will address that epidemic? Don't worry, I'll wait.
And yet you still voted to decimate Medicare....
And an Obamacare questionnaire. WOW. Do you even acknowledge how many times you voted to cut treatment funds ????
And I remember all too well what you claimed to be causes for this epidemic. Senior doctor shopping ( next to impossible in Pa) A
2-D Toomey tweeting and not meeting.
Did you schedule a town hall?? Don't want to miss it.
Pat did you read these stats from fake news?  I know you do not have the balls to come anywhere near this state.
Suggesting we tell people that it's bad and they shouldn't start really doesn't count as a policy/plan, does it?
That's due to the fact that PA has ZERO consequences after the addict is Narcan'd. They are brought back, they sign a refusal, they repeat.
Funny how your failed healthcare bill woefully under served and hurt addicts in pursuit of a tax cut for the richest.
Where's the budget?  Without the money behind it, this is useless political shilling.  Empty politics at its best.
PresTrump says there's 142 Opoid Deaths every day in the USA is a national emergency.  How about the 782 Cancer Deaths each day aren't they?
you voted for a bill that would cause millions to be stripped of HC including for those looking for treatment for opioid addiction #fraud
Perhaps POTUS has an opioid problem; there's little else to explain his irrationality.
And what pray tell is your resume of proactive steps to combat this???
#Drugs are a national problem - Need $ for more #detox, #rehab, #soberliving , #homeless help! #MorongoBasinARCH is a #nonprofit in #Calif
Senate is a do-nothing senate. Nothing has changed postReid. Americans deserve more-do your job & get tax reform done NOW not later.
How about a #townhall to discuss your plan to end the crisis? Oh, right, there is no plan and there will be no town hall. Am I right?
Also, why tag @potus, an acct that only RTs nonsense and not @realdonaldtrump, our unhinged leader?
Sorry Mr Toomey, @realDonaldTrump only did it when it was to his advantage. When will it be incorporated in a health plan that covers all US
What are you doing about his dangerous sabre rattling? Still on the bandwagon, you pathetic do-nothing?
Do you consider this a health or criminal crisis?  Conflicting POTUS, sec. Price, Sessions statements make it difficult to follow.  1/
Your being more interested in tax cuts than fixing ACA, funding CDC or DeptHHS makes me think this is a "I care but not really" tweet 2/
A Philly townhall with experts from medical, addiction experts, families affected would help identify solutions and funding needs for PA 3/
The crisis that is the current  administration and an impotent  United States Congress is the real national emergency!
Hey Pat, do you hire someone to provide you twice daily with a folder? If they did, all the Bull Shit would just run out of it. #Useless
Too little too late @SenToomey
If you mean this please vote for @CoryBooker's bill to legalize marijuana since it is promising as a way to quit opioids
Nice sound bite; no substance. What is the plan, Pat? Show us the beef.
That healthcare bill you helped write wasnt opioid friendly but your a rubberstamp so it dont matter
You did your best to take away Ocare & Medicaid, & make the crisis even worse. Time to hold a town hall or 2 and learn what PA really needs
Agree it's a crisis to be addressed. Let's not forget your role in an attempt to strip Healthcare, including SA treatment, from millions.
So you're a hypocrit. Also, townhall in southwest PA happening soon? Doubt it since you're terrified of communicating w/your constituents.
STILL not a Town Hall. You can only duck for so long.
You and the President are appalling. All I hear are words. No actions. Nothing to help real Americans. Empty promises. Lies. Corruption.
POTUS needs impeached and ToMe needs recalled. #KochSucker #NeverMyPresident
All talk. Didn't 45 just say that kids just shouldn't start and then there would be no problem. I'm sure that will fix everything right up
No
Bc when u stay silent about all these things & more it's saying u endorse those ideas. Do u endorse those ideas? R u a tRumpster? #impeach45
Do u think saber rattling w NK is a good idea Senator? Do u think we should unleash "fire & fury"? R u for the starting a war as distraction
And how is this going to get paid for? If the insurance industry has you by the pocket, how are people going to get help? @RoguePOTUSStaff
Do u think Mueller is out to get T? Do u agree w T that M & team are biased bc they gave money to Dems? Should T base riot if impeached?
Do u think the media is fake news Senator? Do u think Sessions is weak & beleaguered? Do u believe T word over Comey about loyalty?
What about Seth Rich Senator, do u think he hacked DNC to set T up? Do u believe #Hannity? Do u think it was right the WH helped w the story
The story was circulating as soon as @JulianAssange posted a reward for information on Seth#Rich murder, the WH played no role.
The only people u and Toomey r lying to is ur yourselves. 

Look at May 14
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/politics/wp/2017/08/01/a-timeline-of-the-explosive-lawsuit-alleging-a-white-house-link-in-the-seth-rich-conspiracy/ …

I guess a "so called judge" will decide
You know what else is serious? #HEALTHCARE! So why did you vote for a plan that would result in so many more uninsured Americans?
He did it as a side show to distract from his legal problems-Do u think Mitch should retire? U agree w T he a failure? Is there a deep state
and you voted for a healthcare repeal etc...that would have cut access to care for that "national emergency"!
Is the same opioid crisis that your original healthcare bill planned to slash funding for? You are the swamp
Nuclear war with North Korea is not a good solve for the opioid crisis, FYI.
Yeah, too bad he wants 2 cut funding 4 recovery programs! We've been down "Just say no" failure before. It needs more than words, policies!
Took him long enough.
A great opportunity for you to stop letting corrupt pharmaceutical companies run our government. Unless you are benefiting, there's that.
You are a sad, confused, shameless being. Why do you hate your constituents so?
And yet you want to cut funding for health care and other social services and mental health. You're a fraud, Pat.
Yet he supports nothing to help those addicted.
I'm more concerned about the town hall meeting crisis.
Senator, president* Trump brings seriousness to nothing. And in your case it's "give a penny take a dollar". #ToomeyTakes
Great but then he offered no new strategy
End the drug war. Increase healthcare.
Wtf? Why don't you respond to all of @realDonaldTrump  ? Thanking Putin.  Threatening war. Escalating tensions. Have you no morals or shame?
Nice words. What are you going to do about it? Medicaid pays for rehab, but your rich friends want tax cuts.
You don't care about anyone but yourself and pleasing your donors. Spare me this crap. Do something helpful like take away @potus Twitter.
You know what would work?  Cut healthcare coverage and give a tax break to the ultra-rich!
Trump is r biggest threat 2 national security. Do something before he blows us all to hell.
POTUS is senile and erratic. When are you going to stop being a toady? #25ththe45th
Maybe you need a reminder Pat.
Yet you moved to reduce funding for support programs.
"Just say no!" Part II.    Worthless.
But will funding accompany the "concern"?
!!!!!!!!!!!
And it's so serious you wanna cut all funding that would stop it. Cuz that makes sense.
I'm glad you're finally realizing there's a problem . . . 10 years too late. Asshat
i know! let's spend months failing to take everyone's healthcare away!  that'll solve it!
Suicide is tragic but not illegal
Excuse me, Toomey, you lackey. Trump is threatening nuclear war. PERHAPS SPEAK & serve as a check on him! No world, no drug problem!
Latest bandwagon, Casey has been telling us all year.
Where's your condemnation or official statement on the admin moving to nuclear war? ... With 26k American servicemembers in Korea?
He refused to do so initially. But thanks for reconfirming you're completely oblivious to his failings.
Stop pretending you give a damn about anyone but yourself.  You, @GOP, and @realDonaldTrump are destroying America #GOPLiesMatter
You're such a fraud. You realize you  pushed a bill that took away from the opioid addicted, right? PS Get Kim Jong Trump under control!
Sadly, It's going to get worse because of the lovely senators and our president trying to take healthcare away from the people who need it.
What's your statement on him trying to out crazy a madman?
He did nothing officially so good your horses.
And what exactly is being done about it? Seems to have fallen off of his radar. Wake up!
Yeah, he's so invested in it, he thinks "Just Say No" is going to fix it.
Stop towing the party line, grow a spine and remove the loose cannon from the White House.
Maybe addiction treatment for nonviolent offenders should be included in healthcare.
Trump is a walking/golfing national emergency and to do nothing makes you complicit.
I heard from someone just yesterday, clean for only 2 weeks, that the crisis is far worse than anyone knows.
Right pat,  you wrote that bs healthcare legislation that would have cut medicade and hindered the treatment    such a damm hypocrite. Sad
We can PAY for Addicted people but not ill, elderly or poor <need services also! Good  people with addictions deserve a budget  got it!
pass the bills proposed by dems to legalize marijuana so that people won't seek out hard drugs and have a way to cope w/ withdrawal.
Pat...you are trying to slash $800 billion from Medicaid so there's less opiod treatment available. Cruel demagoguery. #opiodhypocrites
And yet you helped write a bill that would drastically cut Medicaid. Now you care? Sure. When is your town hall?
Why do you think we never named the crack/cocaine epidemic as a national emergency?
Where are you hiding Pat? Are you in an underground bunker already waiting for the nukes? Asking for a friend.  Thanks! #Cult45 #
For *ck sakes!! Quit guarding the opium crop in Afganistan and eradicate it. It's you that is flooding the streets and killing people. You.
#theCowardToomey fails to stand up 2 the angry old man with a war boner, hoping 2 distract us from treason. U R complicit, #theCowardToomey
Yet you voted for a bill that likely would have increased the opioid death rate exponentially. You are a fraud. We see you. 
#theCowardToomey rebleats the president's argle-bargle rather than listen to his constituents.
Yes!!  Now let's have healthcare that will adequately treat addicts.
PresTrump says there's 142 Opoid Deaths every day in the USA is a national emergency.  How about the 782 Cancer Deaths each day aren't they?
Yo Pat-he's going to get us nuked. Wake up & do your job. When is the Pgh townhall?  Are Koch's not allowing u to hold one or u just scared?
How many days since you had a town hall? Still glad I voted for @KatieMcGintyPA
How about you and the rest of the Senate decide if his Tweets are policy or not, because him saying it is a crisis does not fund anything!
#ILiveIn15108  #AnyoneButToomey2022
Why won't you have town hall meetings so we can discuss this and other serious issues facing Pennsylvanians? What are you afraid of?
