Then make the tax breaks continent on more jobs and higher wages.
Well if the corporation put money back into the corporation....or the CEO's will get more money
If you think corps will raise wages w/lower taxes, you're delusional. Trickle down has NEVER EVER worked. Many don't pay ANY taxes NOW. 
This BS tax cut is 80% for those who DO. NOT. NEED. IT. The POOREST get a 2% INCREASE...you know, those who need a cut the MOST. #Delusional
Republicans have been wrong on all aspects they can't govern they destroy the american dream for ordinary people we need you out of office
Myth: "Businesses pay taxes."
Fact: When a business is hit with a tax how do they pay it? By passing the cost along to their customers."
Ronald Reagan said that on January 20 1981 at his Inauguration!
No, it won't. It never has. It never will! Pay attention.
No.Pat, it won't help anyone BUT the wealthy.
You've bee trying for 30 years. It hasn't worked once. Quit living in Fantasyland, Senator.
30 years of voodoo trickle down economics haven't worked. Try something new.
Yes. Cut tax loopholes, esp foreign-held income. Then small companies, the biggest jobmakers, will have a chance & change stock-sale tax.
Why not make it more difficult to shift investment and capital abroad?  The cause of the problem
But that wouldn't benefit the wealthy companies, whose freedom is top priority
What about the estate tax?
Why this time Sen Toomey? Never has before!
I'm old enough to remember that trickle down economics doesn't work. You know it too. Saying it in big font doesn't make it true.
That high corporate tax rate is meaningless with the loopholes they exploit. Here is an image for you to come to terms with.
These companies made millions to billions from the US tax payers because of loopholes. Any opinions on this @sentoomey?
exactly!!!!!!! We need to pray that someone realizes what's best for the average!! Rich=Richer poor become pootet
No, they won’t! Stop trying to sell Trickle Down! We know it’s a scam by now!
wages are stagnate because of greed and you are part of the problem
Lies lies liiiiiiiiiiieeeeesssss. Some of us are old enough to remember when trickle down economics didn't work the first time.
You keep selling a economic theory that history has NEVER PROVEN!  Nobody buys a more expensive house on a guess they're getting a raise
What a liar. Do you really think the American people are so dumb as to believe your lying lies? This is a tax break for the wealthy. RESIST!
Show us the facts (academic research) to back up your claims #factsneedevidence
Show us data to support your claim for PA.  Corbett cut business taxes and companies left anyway.  Trickle down is a hoax for the foolish.
Regan,Bush.  1987 crash Clinton clean up. Bush again 2wars and depression like crash. Obama clean up. You can't govern. Trump is your guy??
trickle down hasn't worked in 30yrs. for those of us that worked everyday
Experience NOT Myth
Like Gitmo you can make numbers say anything
Explain how this works.  Analyses done on scanty details show something entirely different.
No. Close the loop holes. Drop the tax. And we don't buy for one second lower taxes means more money to us, trickle down does NOT work!
a consensus is not a fact, just an agreement. can you cite anything backing up this claim?
No, tax cuts put more money in the pockets of the rich. Trickle down doesn't work. #notaxcutsfortherich
ONE rich person gets a TAX CUT $187000 equal to the WAGES of THREE avg workers - way to go TOOMEY - and lyin Trump said no cut for them SAD!
please tell, where were all the jobs promised from GWB tax cut?  How many times did RR have to raise taxes?  How can you live on a theory?
Once again, like climate change, and other good things for America, @POTUS minions are making is more like Russia
Reducing business taxes will allow corporations to buy back their own stock and competitors, and give CEOs obscene bonuses. Not jobs!
Do you think that we are dumb enough to believe your infographic over what economists and history have taught us?
I find this myth vs fact so ironic 
Your lies continue. Who made that up for you or are you a Russian Bot? IT DOESN'T WORK! PERIOD! Can't wait till 2020. Vote him OUT!
REQUIRE corps getting tax breaks to use savings on employees earning <$75K. Without requirement corp officers will give themselves a raise.
Bullsh*t.  Reducing corporate tax rates to zero isn't going to cause any company to become magnanimous and raise wages.
How about tax REFORM, NOT a tax cut for the rich.
what about all this money that is hidden overseas
so "only" drop it to 25% and move the lowest personal to 10%. Keep inheritance tax on estates worth $5M plus you might have a shot
Your McConnells puppet
No they won't. You think we are idiots. They have never done that. It just fills your pocket and drains mine. Liar

We need tax reform. Not a windfall for the rich.
Senator, how are you preparing the country for the day when long-haul trucking gets automated?
The last forty years of wage stagnation weren't caused by burdensome taxes, which is obvious when you consider profits for that time.
If corporations are people, they should have to pay personal income tax
This is not the #taxreform we need, nor is it the tax reform we deserve.

MYTH!  Your tax plan does nothing for the poor or middle class.  Corporate tax rate with deductions is low.  Start with that FACT
At some point you should pay attention you your constituents. #youworkforthepeople
#people1st #bigbusiness2nd #egoslast #findyoursoultoomey
Why don't you pair this with a mandatory increase in minimum wage to ensure that it actually comes true!? 
It was a scam to make the rich richer when Reagan sold it, it's still a scam. When Repubs say "tax reform" they mean tax cuts for the rick.
Give me one example of cutting taxes on wealthy people/corporations that has ever in history helped people of lower classes
If you can give me one historical example where this actually played out like you say it will, I’ll never vote against you again.
#eatadick
So how are we going to pay off our debt by eliminating our income. Another brillent idea from the republicians
Scammer... tax cuts NEVER caused #economicgrowth
Why should we listen to you when you don’t listen to us?
This has never worked and it will only make the richest people and biggest corporations more profitable.
It's an old song, not based in reality.
Give me a real example of the time business taxes created jobs! They take the savings for themselves in salary or dividends! Get real!
It didn't work in Kansa
. . . or increase CEO compensation and fuel automation putting more workers out of work.
No! Raising wages will raise wages! #fightforfifteen
Trickle down in a new coat , how do you pay for it
Cuts to inheritance over 5 million!   I really hope people get educated on this proposal!!!!
Reducing taxes on the rich!!!'n-- what about the reduction in inheritance tax and capital gains?! You people are the "swamp" robber barons!
Why don't you ask your constituents what should be in the plan?
Really again....GOP regurgitates the same failed trickle down economic plan. Enact a higher minimum wage and support unions.
Senator, I'm surprised you are so naive since you spent so much time on Wall Street. Tax cuts for the rich...ne...ne...NEVER WORK.
This is such a bunch of BS.  Close the loopholes,  taxes on the rich by 4.5%,  middle & low income tax by 10%, & keep estate tax.
Respect & Trust is earned, just not given away. You should come up with a plan to help us trust you more.
Get it done. Senate has done nothing
"While economists...there is consensus" implies that consensus isn't among economists - in what group is there consensus? Also Puerto Rico
Gary Cohn can't guarantee middle class taxes wont go up! what say you?
You presume CEO's look out for their staff. Many don't so they take the extra wages themselves. Lower income tax & min wage instead.
No it won't.  Every time we have done this the money goes to the top.  Our wages have not moved since the 90s.  Another lie.
Wouldn't it make more sense to give the hardworking tax payers a tax cut?
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan $2.2 Trillion Deficit 4 #CorporateTaxCut & #DeathTaxRepeal!  http://www.crfb.org/blogs/big-6-tax-framework-could-cost-22-trillion#.Wc0md8GjXGd.twitter … … via @budgethawks
Padding the rich stealing from the poor as usual! stop with this lie already!
.Are u kidding me? Who pays those tax rates? Absolutely no one. Ever heard of deductions? Get rid of those for Corp's. Part?
This has already been proven to not work Reaganomics, and Trickle Down is the proof that it doesn't work
reducing business taxes means more taxes for middle class bc also decr taxes for wealthy. Hurting more Americans.
That is a total and complete lie! You know it! Corporation will do what good for their interests like raising pay for executives!
And raise taxes for middle class so the wealthy gets a tax cut can u be honest once? What about us retired baby boomers? We dont want this.
Proven false over and over again since 1980 @SenToomey, try reading some economic theory written SINCE YOU GRADUATED FROM UNIVERSITY. Sad.
wanna increase wages? Universal healthcare would give my family 24K more a year!! how about u work towards that! YOU work for us.. remember?
Look at the failed Kansas model and ask yourselves if you want to put stock in giving the wealthy more money in hope they'll give you some.
Amazing that everyone is questioning this propaganda piece to make the middle class poorer. Look at the failing Kansas model. Keep fighting.
You are more clueless than I even give you credit for if you think reducing business taxes will raise wages.
You lie! Please stop, k! Will do nothing for middle class. 6$ extra . Lol. GOP party of greed not Lincoln!
Sold us this theory with Reagan and Bush and the middle class is 0-2 for prosperity. No longer fools for your wealthy tax cut. No no no.
Cite your sources! How can we be sure this will work? Trickle down Econ. Has never worked before. Let's have a #TownHall & discuss! #coward
Exactly Pat—keep up your great work on behalf of us all!
Legalize cannabis and hemp across the board. All of Pennsylvania’s financial woes are gone. Problem solved. Get off your collective asses.
Increasing #trade-union membership will raise wages and expand opporitunity for all Americans, esp. the middle class
Untrue. US wages have stagnated because of globalization, offshoring and a unfavorable jobs to skilled workers ratio #fakefacts
We tried your way; it didn't work. No more voodoo economics.
Our economy is already growing. Tax cuts for the rich and corporations will do little for the working class.
It will simply put more profits into the top executives and wealthiest shareholders...and remember shareholders don't create value or jobs.
Gary Cohn, who helped draft the GOP tax plan, says he "can't guarantee" taxes won't go up for middle class families.
You’re lying!! The Rich get a 4% reduction!! Lower class goes up 2%!! You’re a scam artist like the Liar in Chief!!
Let's check the facts! And the results are in. Trump is lying to us. http://nyti.ms/2xIXHcR  and Trickle Down Pat has never worked #sneeky
Wow Senator it was always quite obvious that you're a corporate pimp, but after review of your tax plan, there is no doubt.
Learned in my taxpayer-supported Pennsylvania school that #OpinionVOpinion would be a more accurate hashtag.
Overall US tax rates are lower than most of the developed world.   GDP vs Tax revenue, Individual tax rates ...  stop being a tool, Pat
you lying shit.  You know trickle down does not work just helping your rich friends who pay you off. #onhetaketoomey
Pat, I'd buy that if I saw regs that force business to create jobs with the financial win fall being given.
Howard Gleckman proved that your tax plan ONLY benefits the very rich. SO, again, you lie.  Time for you to resign.  PLEASE.
How does destroying healthcare for millions of Americans expand opportunities? Expanded opportunities to be sick and injured? You're a clown
OOOPS! You got your "myths" and "facts" backwards!!! (SO embarrassing! Bigly!)
Myth: reducing the taxes of the rich will coax them to pay their employees appropriately. Fact: they'll just line their own pockets.
How about a repeal of citizens united to be mixed in with this tax reform?
Sounds like trickle down, we've been there before and I remember 2008.
@SenToomey is just one of the many in GOP who continue to drink the Kool aid about trickle down economics. Proven false!
19464. Please provide source and CBO score. How much will this cost us? Long term implications? #RealPA
Liar , we all remember the disastrous Bush tax cuts . Must you destroy the economy again?
Reducing business taxes will give us less money to pay for roads and schools.
And you managed to dodge a bullet on Graham Cassidy with your silence.
That's bullsht.No successful corp hires/increases wages because they got a tax break.Demand is driving factor!
No it won't CEO wages  6-8% workers wages are 1% they keep profits for themand shareholders workers get screwed. Rich jackass
And yet many busineeses have reduced their own taxes by various tactics, and none have taken steps to improve things for their workers
But...but the deficit...
Will this tax cut for the rich feed the hungry?
No. And this source isn't cited.
Let's not forget about PA's small businesses as they can affect growth and prosperity much faster than c-corps
How much will it cost your constituents to get you to help the 1.5 million Americans in #PuertoRico who don't have water?
Hmmm seems someone has tried this before. #reaganomics
As a conservative I am tototally surprised how much ur adding to our countries debt! Let's be honest, most tax cuts help u and Pres Trump!!!
Oh look the GOP's talking puppet. Comes out from hiding to plug whatever bill the Kocks and Mercers want.
Myth: Tax cuts create jobs. Only demand creates jobs, duh.
FACT: Corporate taxes are at historic lows.
As a PA resident I currently pay 30.4% of my earnings in taxes and I make less than 75K per year. Corporations should pay more than I do!
. Vote no or be voted out of office
Yes. When you give your dog a hamburger, he always shares it with the other dogs.
You lie to us Senator Toomey.  Supply side economics does not work.  It only increases the discrepency between the rich and the poor.
YOU are LYING to the PUBLIC and HIDING from REAL FACTS.
How is this FACT?Come on:Presenting an unfounded opinion is NOT FACT. Corporations are cash rich now & Dividends are higher. No wage growth?
Your entire post is a myth. First, corp's don't pay anywhere near the top rate. More like 14% on avg. Rich don't invest gains. Fact.
Toomey another liar

No!  It will cost more. This is always sold as doing this and it never has worked.
 Trickle down HAS NEVER WORKED. 

You don't care about your constituents. You never have. I will remember in 2022. Believe me.

#16412
Will you commit to closing current loop holes? Most corporations pay only a pittance in taxes as a result of exploiting loopholes
Everyone knows that tax breaks for the rich only helps the rich. You want taxes cuts for yourself and your buddies the Koch brothers.
The only reason @GOP keep selling this of trickle down economics is because there are still Americans who will buy it. #WakeUpAmerica
Slate calls it "A pointless gift to the wealthy". https://slate.com/business/2017/09/the-republican-tax-plan-is-a-pointless-gift-to-the-wealthy.html … 
Reaganomics repackaged & on steroids doesn't fool us. Shame on u.
Don't p### down my back and tell me it's raining. You are a traitor to PA and very lucky that there is not a recall clause for senators.
Effective tax rate is not highest, & that's ignoring use of s corps, which 30% of US business uses to dodge taxes. Still Lyin' Pat! Sad!

Beware of Trump’s claim that wages will soar after he cuts taxes http://wapo.st/2xwKW5L 

Having failed to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Republicans are now finding a new way to shaft most Americans. https://twitter.com/economicpolicy/status/913057361039958018 …

Rich Americans know they don't need a tax cut. They also know trickle-down economics is nonsense. Listen to @TomSteyer: 
Millions in Puerto Rico need food, water, and fuel.  What has been your role in helping fellow Americans ?
Let's just say this wishful thinking passes. Rs also promised to reduce the debt. Want to say a few words about that?
Last tax cut resulted in stock buybacks & buying other businesses. No jobs or increased wages. Why will this be different. You're the #myth
But profits and CEO salaries are way up. How could they do that without tax cuts? #MythVFact
We’re both old enough to recall that it didn’t work before, Pat.  Won’t work now either. There are better ways to stimulate job growth.
You, Patty, need to set this tax BS aside and tell trumpet to get to taken care of our people in Puerto Rico.
Recession ia a risk here.
Toomey, you are a fool is you think that corporations pocketing higher profits will increase worker wages.
FAKE NEWS
No, businesses just keep it.
Right because Trickle Down works great! Wait. What?
So you're comfortable with a tax cut that primarily benefits shareholders? Why not a tax plan that almost entirely benefits workers?
U need to stay out of whatever tax cut bs trump is pushing. Most of it  bull shit.  Gives the wealthy even more tax breaks. Bad bill vote no
Um, can you go about 3 levels deeper on that? Like, who is the actual beneficiaries? And specifically how? Data would be nice.
Corporations have never passed profits on to the workers. Hence, the rise of unions. You're from PA. You should know this. #NoConfidence
Prove it
And even you are bright enough to realize that this president is so self absorbed that he thinks we can't see how his plan benefits him.
We are not as stupid as you want to believe.  This is social security for the rich.  Do the math.
Science does not bear this out.
Behavior first, then reward - instead of blanket cuts, offer tax incentives for raising wages, creating jobs, etc
Jesus. You really have no shame do you? Why not just give workers the money? 
This hasn't worked and will not work.
Why do Republicans keep driving the economy into the ditch over and over with lower taxes for companies and the rich and huge deficits?
Hey, isn’t this what Hoover tried to do with trickle down economics? I didn’t realize my history books had so many myths! Wow! 
So part of your plan says corporate tax savings MUST go towards workers' pay?  19056
Or we keep increasing business taxes and hope companies will stop leaving the country.
Trickle down economics worked so well in the 80s . Toomey really must think his constituents are morons.
Nope.
Yeah, yeah...and the check is in the mail...
It didn't last time. Show me the data
