No repeal. Bipartisan work to fix the ACA.
You are telling Pennsylvanians the truth unlike Senator Casey who supports Planned Parenthood's baby killing machine. Oboomacare is dead.
You're worried about abortion? How about life AFTER the fetus is born? Doesn't that matter too, or only when in utero??!!!
Murder is murder. If one gets pregnant they are responsible for a life. The very least they should do is make sure THEIR BABY GETS A HOME.
Judging by your tweets you are probably a recipient of social services yourself. Becareful what you wish for. We're trying to protect you.
Excuse me? I have an autistic child who relies on medicaid- no one needs to "protect" me, & anything Toomey is suggesting is NOT protection
Of course first the radical far left lied and said conservatives were gonna throw Granny off the cliff, now they lie about unfunding autism.
I'm an independent.  You are a fool.
I understand so what. A fool is even wiser than the radical far left independent.
Did you reply to this letter from PA Gov Wolf http://tinyurl.com/yag8uyty ? #SaveObamacare Same form letterS I got? Why do you Hate US so much??
Senator, I am firmly backing you & MAGA. Pres. Trump is trying to save this country with you & us. Back freedoms caucus amenment. Attack!
Katie McGinty would actually care about saving millions of lives
You're an immoral liar who'll be directly responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPLiesMatter

Toomey voted to throw all the needed children in PA under the bus. GET the man child out of this job for which he is totally unfit for.
Feel free to syphon funding from our bloated military budget, otherwise this is extremely shortsighted, and beyond risky for millions
How about that damn wall?  Shouldn't healthcare come first?
Not sure whether universal healthcare, food assistance for children, or gun control come first, but that damn wall should never
Especially since there already is a wall.  People should always come first.
Sen Toomey your GOP colleagues are saying this bill is terrible, only voting to get to conference, that means bill is bad start over w/ Dems
As a resident on 17022 you owe us more than this.
Ditto for 19063
Ditto for 19446
#HealthCare is not a consumer market, it is a human right. Accept this, then pass #MedicareForAll as the only fiscally responsible plan.
You're a fool, Toomey.  It's time you resign because you certainly don't represent your constituency.  THINK for once ...
Lol toomey bot is going to talk at us from an undisclosed location. Coward
Idiot
How #theCowardToomey is to the insurance billionaires
I am ashamed to have you as a senator
Perhaps today we should call #theCowardToomey  #theLoserToomey
^losers don't care if their constituents die, as long as they get their blood money
You were willing to let all your Hillbilly's constituents and there children die.  This is your last term as Senator.  Bye, bye to your seat
Don't hear anyone with a solution. If it isn't sustainable, whose fault will it be when it crashes? Sounds like Toomey on right track!
You don't know me. That just may be going on right now. Go away. Need plan that works!
Its called the "Affordable Care Act".  You're making it very easy not to vote for you again.  Shame I have to wait so long
Why should we pay any attention to what you have to say when you won't listen to your own constituents?
Well, you have proven that your constituents matter only on an election, and that the rest of the time you could care less what we think 1/2
You have not listened and will not listen to us. I think the only deity you pray too is the almighty dollar. You're a liar and a coward. 2/2
Nope, Constitution says to provide for the welfare of the people. Any no vote is treason and unAmerican
Most insane illogically bs. You are so uncaring and just do as your boss tell u. #skinnytoomey
You should be ashamed of yourself. Gifts for the rich and take from the poor
Give it up.  You have no regard for the people of PA.  You have NOT listened to the thousands of Pennsylvanians
WOW....Took you 7 years to come up that. You've been working way too hard, you should take a break and go on vacation or something.
In your wet dream!
No thanks. You've already shown your constituents you only care about your own agenda. We're just holding our breath until we vote you out.
How about fixing the ACA?  No repeal when after 7 years you have no plan
As a constituent, living in Harrisburg, I have called, emailedvand tweeted pleas to reject this Republican loyalty test of McConnel.
Major health providers, aarp, etc all say this is BAD POLICY!  Why do you hate PA residents so much?? Vote no tonite- all PA is watching
Your stance on health care is not representative of your PA constituents. Check your email, faxes, mail & phone messages.
I honestly think only you Repubs in the Senate like this bill. Polls show not many do.  Fix the ACA and quit pissing around with our health.
PLEASE #VoteNo #noskinnyrepeal too many people & their lives are at risk if this bill passes,including mine. #FIXACA don't rip away our care
By sustainable path you mean kicking thousands of kids off Medicaid? Thought so. #statingtheobvious #notinterested
While denning millions or people basic healthcare and giving tax breaks to your rich friends
That's dead, BRCA not happening. I guess you'll always have the candy desk
Please do not move forward with "skinny repeal" which only hurts Pennsylvanians. Work for real reform across the aisle, like a grown up.
I CANNOT WAIT FOR KARMA TO FIND YOU.  YOU ARE THE WORST REPRESENTATIVE I CAN RECALL EVER.
You won't get the votes for it. Work with the other party. Democracy isn't a win-lose game, it requires compromise and true leadership!
This plan doesn't make Medicaid "sustainable". It simply cuts funding
Toomey does NOT advocate for Medicaid reform. His efforts are focused ONLY on cutting Medicaid funds. https://twitter.com/jessiehellmann/status/890274573396135936 …
The entire Senate is lazy
The way to put Medicaid on a sustainable path is to stop deliberately sabotaging it, sir.
Question about my 94 year old mother. Are you going to kick her out of the nursing home?
Even the health insurance companies are against Trumpcare. They are afraid for their profits. Why haven't you answered my
who do you think you're kidding? Seriously. When health care implodes you and your buddies own it. Remember that.
How can you live with yourself? God will judge you how your actions (including your lies, legislative votes, etc.) affected your brothers.
Just stop already. We all know you sit on a throne of lies. #PhonyToomey
Vote No!
And you STILL don't understand what the heck you're talking about.  Maybe you should hold a Town Hall and really listen to PA voters.
You should be ashamed for what you are doing to us PA'ans!
Meanwhile, @SenToomey frequently visits @BBraunUSA, as the CEO there contributes MUCHO $$$ in exchange for repel of the Medical Device tax.
https://www.campaignmoney.com/political/contributions/caroll-neubauer.asp?cycle=16 …
https://www.campaignmoney.com/political/contributions/bruce-heugel.asp?cycle=10 …
Private German Co. supports Republican efforts to derail ACA in the name of innovation? Really? #MedicalDeviceTax
Why not just fix the ACA? Oh, that's because you're just another racist republican who can't abide letting a black man's legacy stand.
The Republicans better not do for Health Care what they did for the Middle East. You break it you bought it.
Failed again Toomey!  #workharder
Please do NOT vote to pass this sham of a bill. I am a 63 yr old widow and i am afraid. Think of that when casting your vote.
Please, please don't do this. You're hurting the people you were elected to serve.
Tell my son w/autism & juv. rheumatoid arthritis he can no longer get therapy he needs or the medicine that helps him walk #Nocutsnocaps
You tweet this at 3:45 for a 3:45 announcement.  Just more of the Toomey transparency and responsiveness we've come to expect.
Why won't you protect the health and lives of Pennsylvanians?  Why won't you listen to us?  #HealthCareIsProLife
Vote no on skinny repeal - listen to those you represent, not your own greed - constituent 15236
Why should I listen to your lies? SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME.....
Might as well dig in. Taking money from citizen's healthcare and giving it to the super rich will forever define you. Your legacy... own it!
And PA voters WILL remember your vote
I want PA and my autistic kid on a sustainable path, so we need to repeal YOU.
How about a quick trip home for an open town hall to hear from some of the 400k pa folk who will lose insurance?
We cancer survivors really hate this healthcare fiasco, and we especially despise you as one of the chief instigators. I hope you get rabies
Yay!  Take away health insurance from millions of Americans! Double my premiums! Screw those with pre-existing conditions!  You da man!
#repealcongress
You crazy evil old man. You'll burn for this.
And lining your pockets, no doubt.
You aren't listening to your constituents!  All you want is a win, at the expense of human lives!  Repair not replace! This is ridiculous!
#Toomey
Just more one way communication. It's a shame that Sen. Toomey doesn't even put himself in a position to have to hear constituents.
McCan and Graham just stole your thunder, Jughead!  Crawl back under your rock and retire. You will certainly get enough taxpayer funded $$$
Watch huh? A real adult proud of their stance would say it to my face.
We don't want this. Please stop destroying Medicare so you can have a tax cut.
Single Payer System..the ONLY way to go. You work for us, not Special Interests.
SINGLE PAYER SYSTEM NOW!!!!!!!!
Toomey you check with Gov Wolf how he feels about the Bill?  Like McCain and Graham are doing. Or you just going to Screw PA again?
of course not.
Republican please name 3 to 4 counties where Obama care has less than 2 providers. Name them (counties)anywhere.
Sen . Toomey you also rated as having one of the WORST voting records for conservation, environmental protections and women' rights
too bad you will not be speaking to your constituents about how you're about to take away their insurance.
Love your BULLSHIT, it is laughable.
Will you pledge to protect persons with  pre-existing medical conditions ?
Your a waste and a chicken that doesn't show his face at a town hall .. SHAME ON YOU!!!
Shame, shame, shame.
Please DON'T do it! Work with the people across the aisle to improve the ACA. Please!PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE! PEOPLES LIVES ARE,ON THE LINE!
Sorry I missed it
Why would we want to hear more of the same lies you and your party have been telling?
Pass-this is a path of destruction for Medicaid, NOT a sustainable path and we ALL know that - keep padding your wallet though!
Stop wasting tax $its been six months just improve ACA and move on no one had any info on campaign on details of repeal and replace
"skinny repeal" would reduce access for millions and raise premiums for the sick. #SaveACA
So all the experts are wrong? All the Pennsylvanians who implore you to save our health care are wrong? Why are you in office?
Every @SenateGOP proposal tries to cut cost without addressing efficiency. This leads to decreased healthcare coverage! #SaveACA
One area we agree: medicine costs too much. But cost reduction shouldn't = access restriction. Show us efficient delivery, THEN cut spending
You mean you'll be talking about taking health care away from millions? Your mother must be proud.
How do you fit your head that far up your own ass? It is really amazing to me
WARNING: THIS IS A RHETORIC & PROPAGANDA SITE. Lots of spin & lies. If you want the real information you better go to @maddow.
How about a plan to increase efficiency of care to reduce cost instead of blindly hacking away at our ability to pay for care? #SaveACA
Shame on you.
We want you to vote no on repeal.  Anything else betrays your constituents.  And we will get rid of you.  For real.
No you will be talking about how you & your partners in crime are destroying healthcare & stealing from Medicaid to give tax cuts to the 1%.
How about speaking to the establishment of sustainable healthcare at reasonable prices FOR ALL?
When premiums go up because of your bill, will you apologize and say you were wrong?
Have you ever spoken to constituents on Medicaid? As a Christian, how can you be so uncaring?
He's no Christian
Why was this tweeted at the time of the event? Can't you give constituents any respect?
You just one of Old Man Potter's bought and paid for shills
Oh I watched for a minute & muted U. Disgusting.
Okay, I http://listened.You  lie you lie you lie. I listen to both sides, then read the research. If you did also, then you are heartless
Like many, I do not want Obamacare repealed. Please, for the love of God and country, work on introducing enhancements to Obamacare.
Why should we watch you on tv when you won't talk to your constituents?  You aren't representing us.
Your constituents oppose this. Who are you serving with this party line?
No. TOOMEY you do not represent PA! You represent anyone who pays you enough for your votes.
Nope. Going to ignore you like you ignored people you should have listened you.  Your #PinkSlipIsComing you #SpinelessCoward!
I think senator @RonWyden said it best, a solution is best found in finance committee.  You have not held a single hearing on BCRA
It is clear your agenda is cutting costs, while noble, without an increase in minimum wage, wages in general, or guaranteed coverage, 2/
Via employers, we are left with government subsidizing the low wage employers in this country via Medicaid.  So do you support.../3
A living wage so the government does not need to support low wage workers?  I question your motives when you couple the plans with.../4
With a huge taxcut focused on the wealthiest.  Ask Kansas how well the states trickle down experiment worked?  Time for trickle up! /5
Finally, if you were serious about solutions, you would reach out to @GovernorTomWolf @SenBobCasey to find a compromise for #realPA /6
PS... The link @SenToomey provides has full transcript at ~6:00:20 mark.  If possible, can you send a link to the .....
PPS....bill you plan on voting for and CBO score and rough phone tally of constituents for and against?
Just called ur office in DC Line was busy I guess u aren't listening-just more lying -U have no plan as usual- #Liar http://www.delcotimes.com/article/DC/20170629/NEWS/170629498 …
What do you think about the article by Ezra Klein where he says this? He's spot on!
You only care about drug companies, insurers and other big campaign contributors.  You can't even pretend you care about PA residents.
One of your constituents from 19119.... I do NOT want my premiums to go up!
Asking again, when do you plan to stop mooching on taxpayer funded healthcare & get you & your family on #Trumpcare if it's so damn great?
And at 3:45 I'll still be thinking about repealing you and looking for a sustainable path to replace you.
Your constituents DO NOT WANT this POS bill. Listen to us. 19125.
Why bother.  You do nothing but lie.
Cutting is not "a sustainable path"...we want #SinglePayerNow
There is no repeal plan that will not hurt millions, including hundreds of thousands of your constituents.Stop your crusade against the ACA.
Go get that tax cut Pat!! Don't bullshit us!
And at 3:46 you will be lying.
Lyin' Pat Toomey
We will give you our time when you give us yours. #townhall #saveACA #15101
Ur being reckless w/ the lives of the constituents you were narrowly elected to serve.  Millions will lose care & u know it.  #cruel
Not at a town hall tho
you mean gas lighting fires on burned out shell voter.  I hope everyday someone in your family needs ACA and  because of you the don't have!
WATCH: In 2022, you'II be voted out of Senate.
Get ur fellow senators in line and fast on repeal or our President will b a LAME DUCK and you WILL lose the senate; 7 years and NOTHING????
Why are you attempting to strip healthcare away from my son? #SaveMedicaid
Did you tell your son to just get a job? I thought that was the answer? #SaveMedicaid

You mean taking Medicaid away from poor people and taxing the rich! Cool bro!! 
As long as US Senators get the same plan as the rest of us. Increase, don't cut, taxes on the rich and it will be sustainable.
Heartless disappointment to Pennsylvanians.
Who are you tweeting, Wall,Street??.
Dress it up however. You and @SenateGOP will forever be remembered for taking healthcare from millions to give tax breaks to billionaires.
You are "all ears" and want bipartisan input, then why have repubs worked alone behind closed doors?  Why secrecy? Why politics as usual?
NO FIX WHAT WE HAVE
Great job speaking about Obamacare repeal
Robert and Rebekah Mercer called. You are needed to wash their car and cut their lawn tomorrow Pat. Get on it!
He will run and do anything for $$$
Maybe you could repeat the information at you next Town Hall
It's ironic that you were scheduled for 3:45 since you were given $345 k to make sure this bill passes no matter what Pennsylvanians want.

Your "work" so far has told us all we need to know. Listen to your constituents about their health care, not just to your wealthy donors.
Amen to that!
Thanks for the "wonderful" advance notice. That is sarcastic in case you haven't it out
At 3:45 you'll be sucking
Only a great American would be proud of taking away health care from 23 million. So proud of you.
Don't you mean potentially sending people to their death when they are denied coverage for tax cuts for your rich friends???
No thanks. You have never listened to us. Why should we listen to your lies about healthcare now?
This PA voter is strongly opposed to Obamacare repeal and your efforts to cut Medicaid.
Why are you talking about 1995? Return to regular order. Enough! Shame on you! This is disgraceful. You are hurting people.
You're using 1995-era anecdotes to support a Federal cutback w no obligation by States to pick up the difference. Your 15 mins are up, too.
U seem to forget GOP Trickle down economics has decimated income & wealth of middle class 2 enrich ultra-wealthy while lowering 1%'s taxes
Instead of repealing the ACA and forever damaging people's lives, work at repairing the ACA and helping those whom you serve here in PA..
It ain't 1995 anymore. BCRA is not what's under consideration. What are you talking about?
Why don't you come speak to your constituents? In person. In a public setting. #ToomeySoScared
Because that would require a modicum of basic human decency.
A sustainable path would be if the admin made the required payments instead of undercutting ACA, & if you stopped the absurd crusade.
How can cutting Medicaid be your number one priority as my Senator? (and no more damn BS abt reduction below cost curve not being a "cut")

How DARE you dismiss the people who you will harm and those who fight to protect them as "shrill". You are an abomination to humanity.
This is NOT a decision that will help your constituents. This is a tax break for the wealthy at the expense of the most vulnerable.
