New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Oh yeah, let's debate sugar! So relevant!
Toomey is a LIAR & Trump HATER & will be voted out
St Lucie county will OUST YOU TOOMEY
SUCCESS is Florida's Future toomey pack your bags
Is Donald your sugar daddy?
@realDonaldTrump wait who is paying you to disagree with the puppet master?
Wow I'm surprised your not kissing Trump's ass for once. Did his check not clear?
I'm glad to see you break ranks with the President finally. Baby steps, Senator Toomy. Might be hope for you yet.
Really. You're worried about sugar prices hurting Americans but you're all about repealing the ACA. 

Right.
Consumers & manufacturers benefiting from price of 'dumped' Mexican sugar vs. domestic producers. Chinese menu fair trade, @SenToomey?
Let's tax Sugar like (in a perfect world) Carbon and reap the benefits.
Wow you're breaking from Trump! When appropriate keep it up!
You're so brave to stand up to him
You disagree ? I guess you are not afraid to be locked up like you do to your constituents who disagreed with you
What about the $800 million tax break and Medicaid cuts you support in the healthbill?
That Sweetheart deal hurts America consumers, but they do not make big campaign contributions.
Last I checked humans don't require sugar to live it's a luxury item. Next are you going to be upset when your Mercedes costs more too?
Is that all you can comment on?  Cause your healthcare bill is crap!!
THIS is the issue you choose to voice disagreement on? When so many PA voters could lose healthcare? Wake up @SenToomey
" but it fell through as the U.S. sugar lobby upped its pressure on U.S. lawmakers, said two sources familiar with the talks." #Sugarlobby
Don't listen to the some people who call in repeal Obamacare.
Since you support #BCRA, which hikes prices for insurance, you really have no room to say sugar prices will be too high for consumers
I can't believe you disagreed with him! Are you starting to see the light?
You tweet about the sugar deal but not about healthcare. It's clear where your priorities are/aren't. You'll be voted out next election.
Unfortunately guys, we have to wait until 2022 for that pleasure. 
@senToomey So to im
I'm glad you are standing up to Trump on the major issue of sugar. Can't think of anything else that needs to be focused on.
Maybe our President isn't the greatest deal maker ever 
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
This sugar issue is top of mind for almost *NO ONE* right now. Speak substantively to the biggest issues happening NOW.
Nice to see him break from @POTUS for once, even if only in a backhand kind of way via tweet.
Last week the staffer couldn't name single instance of not being a rubber stamp to Trump. I guess now the have *something*. Sugar, oh boy
In his first term, @senToomey made only 2 votes against the GOP.  Health Care is WAY more important than sugar prices.  #PatthePuppet
.@SenToomey Nice try, but no.  You have lost any credibility that you MIGHT have had.  That ship has sailed. Could you be more transparent?
I don't always agree with you, but you are correct on this, kudos.
Sugar? Really? What about the important issues?
I damn near spit my coffee out when I saw u disagreed w @POTUS I'm sure it won't last but still, 4 just a moment, u did good.
Wow u r disagreeing what ur boss says! That is amazing to think u would stop kissing his ass!
Way 2 stand up 4 sugar. Now can we get 2 more serious topics like the 23 million people who will die thanks 2the AHCA denying them coverage?
Get your constituency cheap sugar, so they can get diabetes and die when they can't afford insulin or health care. No one NEEDS cheap sugar
Healthcare is more important than cheap sugar. JFC Pat
BREAKING NEWS:. Toomey disagrees with the Cheeto-in-Chief about something!
The consumers will make a choice less sugar not a bad thing!
I just had a heart attack. I can't breath. Toomey actually disagreed with tRump. It's snowing in hell right now.
Did you and Donnie have a fight??  Usually you're up his butt agreeing with him.  Does he know you've defected?
Yeah I'm worried about sugar while I'm thinking about losing my health insurance or paying giant premiums #toomeysucks
Another loss disguised as a "win" by this absolutely abysmal failure of an administration...160 day in.  We are all bleeding from face lifts
Hey Toomey, didnt Hershey move to Mexico?
Sugar? What is wrong with you? You cannot be this tone deaf and out of touch.
I like sugar, use it every morning.
THIS IS THE TWEET FROM TODAY THAT YOU DISAGREE WITH!?!?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
Oh cute, your king allowed you to publish a dissent hoping you'd look better to constituents. NO. #KillTheBill #HealthcareNotWealthcare
Finally, you can disagree with him! Now agree with your constituents on healthcare and devise a more humane health care bill!
So you CAN disagree with Trump?  Shocking.  How about putting that toward something important like health care.
Really? You're going to focus on this and not his other tweets?
Coward. PA deserves better than you.
THIS is what you openly disagree with him about??? Really?
This you disparage? YOUR healthcare bill hikes prices much more than sugar and it will result in people dying. #disgusting
Did I just read that you disagree with POTUS?!  See that wasnt so hard!  Now, keep going
@POTUS And we can't buy sugar in America why?!  More Americans out of work.  #notmakingamericagreatagain
Kudos for daring to disagree via milquetoast tweet. What about health care? What about listening to constituents? What country over party?
R u willing to stand up to Trump on the real important issues. He is destroying our democracy and wants to be a dictator
No-one cares what you think anymore.  Did you get my email telling you how I am Against the new healthcare act?
Holy shit. It's a small issue but Pat got off the rubber stamp Trump train.
Good sugar is killing us
Thanks for sharing.  It's great to know among all the news and tweets from the president we get to kick out a under handed pass on prices.

If only @SenToomey cared as much about saving American lives as he does sugar, #TrumpCare would fail. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/880481036857208832 …
Why? Because trump has no understanding of economics or trade

Seems like a weak attempt at showing that you can stand up to DT.  Tell us again how many PA'ians are going to be hurt by BRCA?
So fight back for your constituents senator!
I guess you kinda have to disagree on this one since you represent the self-proclaimed "snack capital of the US."
Do you think this silly position will matter to Pennsylvanians with no healthcare?
AND...Sugar is saving my life? Show that you can REALLY stand up to tRump...listen to your constituents -- VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE!
We will have your back...
Are you showing a back bone, disagreeing with the dictator? Wow!
Omg, you disagreed with a trump, got your big boy pants or are dad's tweets giving you 2nd thoughts @ supporting crazy
Dude sugar isn't that expensive... healthcare on the other hand... don't let prices for families and seniors rise!
We should probably cut out sugar altogether-it leads to health problems. Something the uninsured can't afford!
You two FOOLS! People are dying in Syria because we are bombing civilians. . War, disease, famine and  you care most about Sugar? ITMFA!
I see your Hershey money is kicking in today
Will you respond to Pres. Trump's hateful tweet from today? Sen. Graham did.
JFC, NOW you want to disagree with the WH. Are these ideologies what your constituents support? How would you know w/o a town hall?
You think your sugar deal saves us? How about YOUR HANDLING OF TRUMPCARE?? You wrote it,it sucks and it's ALL ABOUT MONEY 4 RICH GUYS LIKE U
Thank you for disagreeing on the sugar deal, but can you please address the problems with the health care bill? That's the real concern.
But you'll support a horrible bill for medical coverage. Stop please stop running with party lines and support the people in pa
Wow!  So sugar is your big stand? This was the best you could do?  How about an honest view if health care proposal?
So you're going to disagree with Donald Trump about sugar? How about the health care plan which would leave me un insured?
Is that a glimmer of backbone?  Who took over your Twitter account?
Sugar is toxic in the amounts Americans consume, and addictive. I'm okay with higher prices like the soda tax
Sugar is not top priority. I can afford that. Increases in ins premiums I can not.
You'll need a bit more space than this  faux revolt to get out of the blast zone when #Putin drops #megaTrump #trumprussia
Do you agree that women should be grabbed by the pu**y, disabled people should be mocked, and that women bleed too much? GOP created Prez
Really? This is where you're going to make your big stand against Trump? Sugar?
You should start distancing yourself from Trump. 2018 impeachment
Pat you are the absolute worst elected official ever . It's not even close why haven't you been up listening to the people you refuse to rep
When is the townhall meeting?
No 1 cares about sugar Pat, we care about the bill U WROTE that throws 22 million off HC while u go on TV & lie saying we asked u too #MIA
Yea, just what we need, cheaper sugar and 15 million people kicked off #medicaid.
Maybe you should have a sit down with the @AmDiabetesAssn...
We see what you're doing here...it isn't going to work. You're still a terrible representative.
Lol you'll disagree on sugar, but not healthcare?  Sugar related obesity is on the rise
I live in PA and sugar is the least of my concerns! I have friends and family facing illness worried about where healthcare is headed.
would you say it isn’t a sweet deal
Hope there weren't any sweeteners
Traces of independent thinking detected. Any ideas on healthcare in there Senator?
Wow. Someone is showing that they *might* have a *single* cajone.
So this is the one thing you're gonna disagree with him about publicly? Makes your silence on other topics all the more meaningful.
Glad you are speaking up . Need to be more of that. His bullying today needs addressed. Totally inappropriate and unhinged!
What Toomey means: I will fight Trump over sugar prices but not over a bill that could result in the death and/or bankruptcy of constituents
If you have the guts to have a town hall meeting I will cancel all previous plans and be there! I want you to represent me!
You tweet about a SUGAR deal! Come on!  Really.  I am one of your constituents & I vote in EVERY election! You need to represent me not T
You're going to show you can disagree with him on Sugar, You're a coward, come home & speak to real Pennsylvanian's about terrible Trumpcare
Den Toomey! I called your office this morning and asked you speak out against Trump's tweet. Why sir can you not condemn his behavior?
Also, how about you meet us while you're home & tell us all about sugar? You know, like, live. I fear you've been spirited away by Russians
Nice to see you can stand up to POTUS. Now w/ all due respect, Sir, stand up for sane healthcare. People w/ pre-existing conditions matter.
Slow down sparky, you don't want to get on Trump's bad side so early in his 4 year reign.
But,if you must, Trumpcare would be where to start
You disagreed with Pres? Hmmm O wait, your big donors are backing off him. For a sec there I thought you grew some integrity. But no.
We currently pay 1.60$ for 4lbs. Not bad
@JenniferJJacobs  Sugar is bad for you. Eat more veggies.
Don't always agree with you, but I agree with you on this one!
So YAY to cheap sugar but NAY to quality healthcare insurance for all? Way to take a stand.
Toomey is a RINO.  We wont be electing any more establishment Rinos moving forward.  Bye!
Thanks for speaking up. Now please go on Fox and say this. We need low-information voters to know the truth eg when Trump makes bad deals.
Glad you finally disagreed w DJT on something and were consistent with your sugar subsidy views. Wish you were more effective.
Assuming you are right, thank you for your stand. Now, let's undo it.
I think you're @SenateMajLdr
Poodle on Wealthcare
Sugar make ppl sick
you'd like that
I did not know you were capable of disagreeing with Trump   The Koch bros must be directing you.    I do agree sugar deal is bad. Town hall
Can't believe you or @realDonaldTrump
. @SenToomey 100x more PAians rely on medicaid than on  food jobs.  Do what's right for the state and vote no on #BCRA Proposal.
THIS is the one thing you disagree with Trump about?!?
Toomey must be getting that Little Debbie  to turn on Donald like this
Eh - sugar is bad for you anyway... now let's talk about healthcare - those lovely 58% policies...is there a stop loss amount?
You are concerned about sugar ?? Who the hell cares !! #healthcare#healthcare#healthcare#spinelessloser
Your actions re:ACA show that you could not care less about consumers.
Lol
Yes, this is the issue we all care about. Not healthcare, not you slashing Medicaid.
This? This is where you draw a line and finally disagree? I mean, great but...there's more important things going on.
It's time you disagree with him on something.
Disagree with the health plan as well!
Interesting that you disagree with @realDonaldTrump on something — it'd be great if we could flesh out all your stances at a TOWN HALL PAT!
Oh, you got time to speak out against sugar but not health care! You're hurting your constituents by it speaking out against that vile bill!
Let's schedule a few town halls to discuss it. I'm available whenever you are!
Senator, millions of people are worried and can't sleep because of your #BCRA bill. This is NOT a pressing issue. #Trumpcare
Awwww, you're worried about consumers! How SWEET and difficult to believe, and of course your justification will be difficult to believe too
What!?  You disagree with POTUS. Good for you.
Whoa. Way to go against the President. Too bad it's not for something more important like the deathcare bill.
Do you agree with Trump's tweets today?  Would you like to explain to my 9 year old why the president can bully people?  PA in 17050
I will,  MSM is filled with Hate.  that's what propagandist get when they spew Hate speech and mask it as news.  Your Welcome
Takes balls to disagree with the president... Care to respond to his other tweets this morning??
Why don't you schedule an in-person townhall and talk to us about this and the AHCA bill? Stop hiding.
OMG! You went against the party line! Will wonders never cease?
Wow, a strong stance against Trump on a major issue! Oh wait, you're talking about f'ing sugar instead of the 22M people losing healthcare.
