No cuts for the wealthy.....trickle down is a proven joke.....voodoo economics is right. Remove the cap on SS...that's what PA needs.
How about applying the Social Security Tax to all of rich people's income so we can fully fun the SS system?
Oh good we can here more of how you help big business over your constituents.
Oh I FORGOT GOP JUST WANTS TO TAKE AWAY HEALTHCARE FOR TAX CUTS FOR Corporations that are making record profits
This tax reform better not shaft the middle class so your corporate buddies can have a free ride!
COWARD!!! Hiding behind the safe camera again, rather than hold town halls with We constituents.  YOU ARE A COWARD!!!
Still hiding in your safe place, huh? Your constituents would like a word with you. In person. Remember us? Those you "represent"?
No tax reform until we see what he is hiding. Don't be dumb about this. Oh, and a town hall (in person) would be great. (19086)
Your constituents want an independent investigation into Russian influence. If Trump team is clean, YOU should want this too! Do right.
Deregulation is code for increase profits at the expense of our health and environment! But it's good as long as there are profits!
No American taxes for a border wall!
Why not use your time for a town hall. We deserve your time, not in a studio, but in person
So maybe once your done with that you can have a townhall and actually talk to your constituents. #DoYourJob
Rather c u @ town hall so U Must answer follow up questions 2 the swill u sling. Seems truth is as elusive 4u as 4 @realDonaldTrump #DoUrJob
You HAVE to see all of the corruption in the White House right now. Stand up, senator. We will get you out.
We don't want to watch, we want to talk, preferably face to face. Just because I didn't vote for you doesn't mean you don't represent me.
So glad you know how to get to NYC. Did you know the train goes to Philly too? How about that #TownHall? #doyourjob
You could drive to Wyomissing!
Why would we need to lower the corporate income tax rate? Don't most be corps like GE pay $0 anyway? What are you R's up to?
How much is the stupid wall going to cost us? With the cuts to revenues, how are any of Trump's ideas being paid for?
How about a townhall instead?
No Tax Reform without transparency. Demand Trump release taxes.
Maybe you could have made an appearance thanking your constituents who came out in support of science in Philadelphia today.  But, money.
You're state is a shi*hole !
town hall?
Hahahahahhahahaha
Yeah because Regan s Deregulation worked so well. Are you stupid? Every industry that was de regd went bust twenty years later. Fail.
Senator, you need to hold a town hall to discuss issues with your CONSTITUENTS!
Why are you available for everything, but a town hall with your constituents?
@NancyPelosi i rode into a light rail as it made a bit of little cried that i want move out of this low income housing to condo  or house.
BOOOOOOOOOO!
But when can we meet face to face? First Richard Simmons, now you.  #whereisSenatorToom?!?!?
Discuss impeaching Trump! #russiagate
Charging troops to use GI BILL IS SHAMEFUL, GOP ARE SICK , they have no MORAL VALUES.                              http://www.militarytimes.com/articles/gi-bill-benefits-new-fees-future-enlistees-house-lawmakers …
How about a #TownHall?
Yo what's up with the Townhall you coward!!!  Remember Patsy you don't work for CNBC you work for your constituents. So do your damn job!
How many $$$ did you receive from rich donors to "reform" taxes?
True tax reform begins with tRumps tax returns made public, we will never believe that tax reform is not in his best interest.
Will you be discussing how you're screwing us over to follow the republicans  party line?
Town hall? #wherestoomey
Is this where you read pre approved Republican scripts??????
How about the evening when we are not trying to earn a living??????
When will you answer our questions, not filtered ones?????????????
Another day, another tweet and another round of ppl asking for a real town hall. Not via phone coward! #byebyetoomey
How about meeting face to face with your constituents. It's your last term so why not hold a town hall IN PERSON
No tax reform unless the public can see how tax reform benefits Trump & cabinet Oligarchs. Tax returns. #ReleaseTheReturns
How many days or months has it been since you held a town hall in Philadelphia?  Face your consituents!
Why not make that announcement the day before instead of 4 am? Great heads up.
Also please discuss your position on Trump releasing his taxes. The rest is moot if we don't have those first. Good luck!
If you listened between the lines there is much Toomey left out. It is just another form of republican lying.
....and I'll discuss how I hide from my constituents!!!  @TuesdaysToomey
Hey, buddy, did you find Judge Crater? Will he be holding a town hall to reveal where he was hiding? Are you going underground again? Pffft!
Congrats on winning the election you know your doing good when the loser DNC has a army of FAKE twitter accounts hammering you! ! 
since you tweeted this at 7am, I'm guessing you really didn't want your constituents to listen. Why are you hiding?
So, this came through on my feed at 7:36 am. How does that help?
Deregulation: code for harm and put public at risk to benefit donors who contribute big money for campaign attack ads. Koch brothers etc.
we want to meet with you and have you represent us not wAtch you mouth the things you ve been paid off to say.
Get off the TV you coward and face the people you work for in person. #realPA wants you to do your job!
Say it to my face!
7 am?  Really?  Still no discussion with constituents. How about a face to face town hall in PA at a time when people can attend.
#toomeytownhall in Chester County #doyourjob  Grow a pair you pet shop weasel.
How about a town  hall?
I refuse to watch your appearances until you make one in person at a town hall. And no tax reform without 45's tax returns.
Someone on @FoxNews, @CNN, @CNBC, etc needs to ask why you won't appear in-person at a meeting in your OWN STATE.
When will you doing a town meeting in the pittsburgh area?
For @SenToomey "tax reform" is a way to give tax breaks to the rich, rewarding his out-of-state donors like the Koch Bros and DeVos.
Great, can you please ask the Senator when his next live town hall will be?
We want a townhall, and for you to support our calls for Trump to release his taxes.

Your tweet was posted at 7AM. Weren't you already at CNBC? So why the future tense?
Glad you had time for Squawk, maybe you can make some time with your constituents, we'd love to speak with you at a town hall
We want a town hall. We want Trumps,returns, we want YOU to represent US with what we want not what you want. #doyourjob
Not interested in staged appearances.  Call me when you schedule a Town Hall in the Philadelphia area. I'm #RealPA and I have questions.
For the tax reform in USA, the new indirect tax system DAGTVA presented at @OECDtax. All details in headlines of http://DAGTVA.com   RT
Would rather talk to you in person at a town hall.
Well, see...he actually doesn't have to.
Of course; not having to look employers in the eye and with a cut button. #wearesickofyou
Flotsam.
No tax reform until we see Trump's taxes. You're enabling a Russian puppet.
don't give in to pressure to do a town hall,they're only organized and funded by Soros backed socialist Trump haters
.You won with assistance from Russia, now you do nothing about #Trumprussia. Illegitimate Senator. What kompromat does Russia have on you?
You're not convincing the CNBC panel on healthcare or tax cuts. Stop hurting my kid's future with deficit spending! Immoral @SenBobCasey
...Except republican big deficit spender Kernan @CNBC. He's always a republican lap dog. @andrewrsorkin gets overtalked but has most to say
That's great but how about that town hall?
tell him to get out the way of prosperity and america will grow# Obama did his job tell republicans to get out
The hard hitting question everyone's dying to hear about: why are you such a tool? #ToomeyTheTool
Some of the news of the day is Act S. 792 small seasonal business needs your help #SAVEH2B #RWE
What about Russia?  Since you avoid it, you're complicit. #rubberstamp.
Town Meeting is what we want!!
How about facing your constituents instead of these safe interviews.
