No you don't.. either you are lying or have your constituents arrested if you are embarrassed.. republican shill and conman
We'll, at least questions from a hand-selected 54 of you. <eyeroll/>
I read it was only 30.
Schedule it during the Eagles game, nice away to avoid your constituents.
This isn't a town hall meeting it's a propagandistic contrived scheme & failed attempt to appease constituents. Shameful! Resign!
Stop lying. This is not a town hall.
What a coward !
He might be a bigger joke and waste of our taxes than the President. Toomey does nothing and get paid.
Don't ask a question that he doesn't like. He will have you arrested! #whatarethecharges #coward
I read that you had a man removed for asking a tough question. What happened to free speech? Shameful and cowardly.
You get somebody arrested for asking a question at a town hall?  What is this Nazi Germany?
Not a real town hall. Where anyone can show up and ask you questions. But you will be able to say you had a town hall.
Poor little snowflake.  People asking tough questions makes you jail them.  Wilting little flower.
I was there, we asked a question, you gave you answer and that was that. There was no additional discussion. #NotATownhall 18018
No. Be a man and hold an actual, present town hall. You are not doing your job.
Having someone thrown out and arrested for asking a simple question about DACA shows you're incapable of empathy Your daughter must be proud
You forgot "Pre-Screened and Selected Questions"...

You can fool some of the people some of the time but Toomey can't hold a real Town Hall
Vote them out! State Sen Killion & State Rep Quinn had a tele townhall on pipeline that was a sham. Promo for Sunoco. Shame on them!
Build the wall. Repeal Obamacare. Real tax reform, Fair Tax.
Oh ! You look forward huh? Not so much  if you dont like the question right?hypocrite coward and this latest will be shared and remembered
What is being done to control hate groups such as Antifa and other Soros funded anti-american campaigns?
Funny - been reading comments for 5 minutes... not one in support of @SenToomey. SAD
Apparently you weren't looking forward to all questions @ your "town hall". 

#toomeyISanasshole
How would you feel if your daughter was abducted by ICE? Think about how the parents of DACA feel.
Not true you had someone arrested for asking a question!! You are vile!
Unless u don't like the question then you just have them arrested.
Gestapo tactics. Hope the constituents VOTE U OUT.
what town are you going to be in?
Wait a second here. I follow PT did he send this out after the fact?
When are you going to call for the Traitor-In-Chief's to resign? When are you going to call for the impeachment of the Liar-In-Chief?
When are you going to hold a real town hall? When are you going to show your face in Philadelphia? When are you going to grow a spine?
I don't know who's a bigger coward, you or @MikeKellyPA #HoldARealTownhall
Boooooo!!!!!
You're a joke! No one is buying your latest attempt at transparency!
I'd like to join you at the town hall. Why is it restricted to a small audience? If it's annaudience it's not a town hall!
Where is Trump's HC plan for BETTER- CHEAPER health ins FOR ALL AMERICANS?- it was promised so where is it? or is all more of the same TBS
Why couldn't the Senate repeal Obama care. G it's only been 7 years. Start supporting the president.
No thanks
This is no a town hall. You should be ashamed for not meeting constituents face to face without prescreening both people and questions.
You are a coward who is afraid to face honest questions from your constituents. Pre-screening to get only what you want is dishonest.
Bigger venue!!!!!
Cherry picked audience and questions do not make a #TownHall, unless the town is Roadside America in Shartlesville, Pennsylvania.
Hey coward how about answering questions that aren't prescreened in Philly! Every time you lie we're calling you out!
#TaxReform: How about we #tax churches et alia?
You're only allowing 30 "people" in to your "town hall"? So, how many of them are actual concerned citizens? I'm definitely voting against u
Why are you cutting programs that are such a small part of the US Budget and then reducing taxes? Look at this chart.  Arent you embarrassed
I have a question that u can easily answer now: why are u condoning trumps actions? When you're asked questions like these tonight, don't...
Try and act as if u dont condone nor support trump u had done nothing stating otherwise. Your support in trump is a disgrace 2 all Americans
Wait till the next election. You'll here us then! A loud resounding NO to you and your love of Trump!
This isn't a town hall. Please hold a REAL town hall in Pittsburgh.
Will you support #HarveyRelief? #NoWall?
Protect #MuellerInvestigation?
Sign Censure of Trump for not condemning White Supremacists? 19106
If he does, and he probably won't, I'll go with you and we'll prepare some groovy questions. Or maybe we can protest and get arrested!
Why is Congress not voting to fund the repair of infrastructure adequately?  Not enough money?  Here's an idea, reduce taxes.
Be honest, isn't voter ID intended to keep voters who oppose your views from voting?
Do you believe the courts were correct in stopping the voter ID laws from going into effect in your home state?
Can you prove the gerrymandering that was done by your party represents the political parties fairly?
Do you support the Dream Act? 
Dreamers are in the US legally & should be protected & given fair pathway 2 citizenship.
#ProtectDACA  19106
If Trump goes down in flames, are you going with him?
Lower taxes on business mean more profit for business, not more jobs.  Trickle down still a fairy tale you believe in?
Bingo!!! 
How is it possible to be so bad at your job that you are actually afraid of your constituents?Do something good for a change.
Repairing infrastructure will create jobs that middle America will benefit from.  Why no action by you?
Here's my question. When will you have a real town hall? 30 members of the public?Not so much a town hall as friends over for dinner.
If we reduce taxes, how will the country pay down the National Debt, pay for the wars we are in, repair the infrastructure, help Harvey.
Why wont the FBI investigate the Clintons and/or release the documents relative to the investigation? They claim we don't want to know???
Fake town hall - it's easier to get tix to a Springsteen concert!
You gonna reintroduce your background check bill, and commit to opposing the national mandatory concealed carry reciprocity bill?
Time to help Texas and Louisiana with their recovery. Mr Trump, Tear down that wall (Reagan like) and give that money to these states.
Pat, don't step on Harvey victims in order to give tax cuts to the rich and built a useless xenophobic wall, to keep down immigrants.
How about passing a single payer Medicare For All Healthcare payment system? We're tired of healthcare lobbyists calling the shots!
I forgot to thank you for 1 service Pittsburgh and Philly are now united against something. You. I don't know who wants a town hall more? Ty
I hope and pray  those are the only 30 people who vote for you the next time. Embarrassment
Will you support a decrease in NDAA 2018 budget request to offset the estimated costs from natural disaster -Hurricane Harvey?
30 available seats make a focus group not a town hall. You're trying every possible version but the real one. #timidpattoomey
Explain why you put party first.
It's not a town hall, Pat. It's a meeting w your fan club.
Yeah. All THIRTY of them.
EPA Sec Pruitt is rolling back regs (clean water, methane release, coal, etc) that were implemented to protect US.
What will you do to reestablish them through law? The debate over climate change has been done and it is real. We need action from you.
Sen Toomey, I want to know what will be done to bring ethics back to DC. @realDonaldTrump is doing all he can to eradicate ethics from WH.
I'd like to see the Office of Ethics be a stronger office.
This is not a real town hall. This is a gathering of your friends who were given early access to tickets
Your just another puppet for potus. Trump doesn't represent the GOP and neither do you.
Are you taking ?s from Democrats too?
Is the GOP the party of hypocrisy, or idiocy?  Or both? (See GOP hypocrites is TX and climate change deniers as examples). Thanks Pat
fake town hall!!
You mean the fake town hall. Stop hiding.
No need for a town meeting - you've proven who you are and what you are about - we're just biding time until we can vote you out!!!!
no one wants to play pretend with you today
30 of your constituents can attend - that's not a town hall, that's a cocktail party.
Fake town hall
I visited your office about this. Please considering cosponsoring bill S.281, which is great for American workers and wages.
Can we submit questions from here in Bensalem??
Fake news. This is not a town hall. Try again. Philly open town hall. You work for us. #DoYourJob #realPA
@PAGOP Will you guarantee that you will vote to increase FEMA FUNDING?
Without adding money for the Trumpwall.
coward
30 people is not a town hall.  Stop hiding & lying. Hold a real town hall.
Is this another online Town Hall with planted questions???
Here's my Q--why are you not talking single payer for healthcare? But in reality, I have little interest in your (not really a) "town hall"
Why does GOP wish to decrease participation by minorities in our electoral process? Is it fear of people of color, or just knee-jerk racism?
Not a townhall when you get questions before and they are chosen before.  You are weak.
"Town hall." LOL.
For what, so you can screen them and choose the questions you have prepared statements for? @TuesToomeyHBG @TuesdaysToomey @TuesToomeyHBG
Host a true town hall, open to the entirety of your constituents, in every county in the state, and we can ask you our questions in person.
Just so you can give propaganda about tax "reform"?  I don't think so?
Please tell me all the times that giving tax breaks to corporations and the wealthy has increased jobs and promoted growth. Be specific.
When are you coming to Pittsburgh for a real town hall?
It is not a town hall if you need to submit questions before hand.  Do you think we are stupid?
why not answer our questions here, on twitter.
Lets start with a few easy ones.
What is your favorite icecream?
What is your favorite color?
See, that was easy.
Now something harder.
How do you feel about presidential pardons?
With record profits already, why isn't wall street creating record Jobs.
A town hall shouldn't allow you to cherry pick easy questions that meet your agenda. You need to know how constituents truly feel.
30 hand picked audience members and preselected questions are not a town hall. It's a PR event. Stop obfuscating.
Damn, registration has reached capacity? Sounds like a Pat Toomey pep rally. I suggest you consider why you are afraid of your constituents.
Here's my Q: Why is my disabled daughter who would die (and I say that without hyperbole) w/o medicaid not worthy of life in your eyes?
@SenToomey I believe @KinseyAndrew ask you a question. I would like you to answer this? Will anyone in the @GOP or @KeithRothfus respond?
None of them will respond to that question.
Lame.
ROFLMAO
Hey Pat, here is a question: Why is it that you whistle past the graveyard as this ignorant/racist/fascist President destroys our Democracy?
Limited seating, 
selecting attendees, 
selecting questions,
Wow
How cowardly
Way to not actually have to face your constituents...
8. ur view re @vp denying knowledge of Flynn foreign entanglements when proved he actually DID know. 9. Do U also deny science like admin?
Can't wait to hear the cherry picked audience. You do know how lame this makes you look. Right?
6. View on why potus habitual liar 7. U voted 4 potus, "US not paying for wall" so u can't support $ in budget for wall.
The main question is when you will dump Trump! We're in danger of losing the republic while the congress fiddles!
Only thirty seats? Question: How does it feel to be a spineless wad of crap?
When you hold a real open town hall and don't ask for questions in advance let us know, coward.
30 people is NOT a town hall. You keep hiding from your constituents, Shame!
1. Plan to curtail the rise of hate groups. 2 Stmt on Arpaio pardon 3. Trump Moscow 4. Stmt of support for Mueller invest. 5 fake voter comm
#TheCowardToomey once again confuses pixels with people.
#coward #goodbyein2028 #resist
2022
I'll be there tonight. I'm driving 90 minutes after being lucky enough to get one of 30 seats. See you soon, @SenToomey.
Very much looking forward to your recap!
Post game at 11.

You. Are. Not. Having. A. Real. Town. Hall.  And EVERYONE knows it. Sheesh.
That's no town hall, coward.
Hey Fucko, be a man, have a real townhall in Philly. Why do you hide?
While you're pushing "tax reform" demand that Trump disclose his tax returns. Voters need to see how he will benefit.
Where is healthcare and tax reform 2017is that simple enough. Support Pres Trump
Q: why do you continue to support repeal of ACA despite overwhelming support of the program by your constituents? {honest question}
Q2: can you please explain the ACA repeal bill you helped author? I'm a single mom on ACA, 3 jobs, kid on CHIP... what would it do to us?
Why not give up your zumba, yoga and PT teaching gigs/hobbies for one real job so others don't have to support you? I am a single parent too
Submit questions so you can screen them? 
BULL SHIT.
30 seats that I bet you are filling with your own people.
Baloney.  Schedule an open door, unscripted town hall.
Come to Philly for the next one, Pat.
Your 'town' hall with 30 seats. You're an embarrassment. Why are you pushing tax reform to give millionaires tax breaks?
Cuz those are the people who've paid for his service.
Coward.
How can you walk without a spine?
One hour with 30 ppl isn't enough need a town hall to let 100 or more in for say 2 hours. My home is open should u need a place PLEASE
Better idea is go back 2 DC and get something done!!!!
Oh please. It'll probably be softball city. You wilt facing hard questions. @PBS39Channel @mcall
Suuuuure you do, Pat.
Wait... What? You're actually putting your face in the place?
30 ppl for one hour in Bethlehem
I have no doubt this is another sham "town hall" where you will answer nothing. You don't care about our concerns. #FirePat #disgrace
