Glad you are finally getting to this a week later.
Way too late Pat. Just like you.
Where were you on this when trump said he wouldn't waive? That hurricane was 2 weeks ago.
We should get rid of the Jones Act, as it only hurts Americans in Puerto Rico.
Quit!
You cc-ing a Philly city councilperson? GTFOOH.
Pat Toomey has yet to ever hold a Town Hall in Philadelphia.
Pittsburgh here. I'm not sure that he knows where either city actually is. He suffers from a condition called "donor's dementia". #Shame
Most of them are out-of-state, so, you know...
just repeal for a few days though. Don't want to anger shipping companies
You suck, you lie and PA is disgusted by your performance as a Senator, shame on your life, how do you sleep??
#eatadicj
#eatadick
Pat: votes against disaster funding
Also Pat:  ♡TAX CUTS FOR MILLIONAIRES!♡
Also Pat: I dunno, maaaaybe we might help ppl
@SenToomey It needs to permanently be gutted of everything but citizenship for Puerto Rico. Make it happen! #DoYourJob #PuertoRicoRelief
You have @HillaryClinton  to thank for the USNS Comfort
How about denouncing Trumps recent tweets about Puerto Rico! Forget it, you're  a coward and won't upset your dictator
Please move to extend Jones Act waiver for a full year. Ten days is not enough!
Republicans didn't want people to think Pitbull did more than the US government to help Puerto Rico. #SavingFace #Abouttime
The Jones Act was lifted before Irma Hit FL.  Why is Puerto Rico being punished?

Thank you. I disagree with a lot of your policy positions but appreciate you drawing attention to this humanitarian crisis.
Got the money from the big tax cut that's coming, right?
yeah, like a week ago!
WOW! A momentary lapse in corruption by Senator Toomey! If only it would last...
I can’t believe I am agreeing with you
Family turned away told pay taxes 4 what was sent help them now!Much worse than what's being reported. People are dying!
You're slow causing the ruination of PA and the U.S. Being Trump's lapdog is not going to win you more popularity.
WHy is this the first time you have spoken out on #PuertoRicoRelief! #DoYourJob and save Americans NOW!
AND, we should take away the health care of all Puero Ricans.
Something I can agree with! I hope you keep this "for the people" attitude
Thank you for supporting a waiver of the Jones Act. Puerto Rico cannot wait until October for an aid package, however. Do that right now.
Right on time as usual Pat.
Real fast action Quiks-Draw your as effective as Lame Duck Donald
You did NOTHING, senator, to help the distressed millions in Puerto Rico - and neither did lame @POTUS! You're BOTH impotent!
It's nice to agree with you for a change, Senator! Hope you show people who depend on the ACA the same compassion.
Woah, you're so couragous. It's simply amazing that you waited a week to say this & prioritized your shitty tax plan over ppl dying in P.R.
I hope this is sincere. I will say well done!  Not a CYA!  Hop to it!  Thanks.
#WaiveJonesActforPuertoRico needs to done ASAP and congress cannot wait for aid act.  3m Americans need help now.
Done.  Now how about more boots on the ground who can drive trucks in PR to distribute?  Can PA send them? #PuertoRico
Thank you, Senator, we completely agree. What steps will you be taking to help ensure that @POTUS follows through with your recommendation?

Are you lobbying @POTUS to make this happen?
I agree that this is a first. Please don't let this be a idle kiss up. Read how so many agree
Thanks for finding your soul and taking the morally right stand. Hopes it's not a temporary thing...
Do something now to make this happen !!!!!
GOP ignores PR at their peril.  PA and FL in top 5 of highest PR expat population.  More moving here will shift electorate.
OMG, we finally agree on something Senator. Thank you
Probably should have pleaded this case a week ago. I suggest you unhook your bandwagon from this "mis-leader" and represent constituents.
OMG Pat who paid you to be human??
OMG! You said sth I agree with!
It's refreshing to hear you wanting to help fellow Americans. Now, what can you do to get 45 to waive the Jones Act?  What's next?
Is about time you said the right thing. Now use your position to make this happen! Words are great. Actions are what count.
A glimmer of compassion. It's about time.
Maybe we should also spend money looking at the cause of this disaster - Climate Change - which you know is real.
Better late than never but follow the easy tweet with the hard work of making things actually move forward. Throw some Koch money into it.
Thank you Tomey for your positive vote
Thanks! I called about this today! Glad you agree!!#PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
Agree completely!
So why was he obsessing over suppressing free expression this whole weekend?
A bit late.
Probably the 30th senator or rep to state similar.  What happened, lose your phone?
I totally see your point, but frankly, we even need hypocrites getting the word out.
Sorry. I just get pissed. Im with ya pr.  I have 3 bedrooms. If needed im here. Love ya
Hey, the pissed-ness is absolutely understandable. No worries.
Nice to see this from you. Can you rally other GOP to pressure POTUS? Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank you, Senator, and thank you for supporting our Philly rep. Please continue to advocate for our fellow Americans in PR.
Wow, we actually agree on something! Good on you.
Sen. Toomey what actions wilk you take to advance this position?
Thank you for this Senator Toomey.
Let's see you on the Senate floor demanding help for PR !! This is WORSE than Katrina!!
First manning up I have seen from Toomey! Thank you! Waive Jones act now! These are Americans! Wasn't it MAGA you deplorable pigs?
Words are meaningless wo action. What are you going to do to see this through, sir?
I never thought I'd agree with you but here we are. So thank you for speaking out on behalf of Puerto Rico #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
For once I agree with you.
Thank you, Senator. Now please put those words into action. It’s obvious Congress is going to need to lead the effort here.
Pat Toomey: please cosponsor McCain bill to abolish Jones Act!
FINALLY, a conscience is revealed. Finally. Next, work on removing the treasonous  criminal from the WH.
So toomey why hasn't tRump waived the Jones Act?
Finally! Your brain is working!
You're about 2 weeks late
Thank you so much for statement. Please continue to urge @POTUS to act quickly, as he's been distracted, slow thus far. Congress must push !
Good ol Rubber Stamp Pat.  Potus can do no wrong!
This might be the first time I've agreed with you since...ever.  

Let's keep it going.  Actions speak louder than words.
Something we can agree on, thank you
Please help Puerto Rico Senator.
Agree the tweet now DO SOMETHING
Only four days late. Puerto Ricans comprise 8 percent of PA citizens
Well Senator  This is the very first time I am thanking you for saying and doing the right thing!  Waiver should've been granted yesterday
Holy crap! I did not expect this of you. Thank you. Please act beyond this tweet.
Can't believe I finally agree with you on something. Maybe the Tin Man really does have a heart! Or looking for Hispanic support
Thank you Senator Toomey for standing up for Puerto Rico and those who need help during this humanitarian crisis.
Absolutely agree!  Let's get recovery moving.
So maybe your wealthy donors can help.
It's a week later. The waiver should have been granted ASAP. You saying this doesn't make up for your incompetence on every other matter.
At least on this occasion you are finally correct
Thanks, Senator. Please also explain how we’ll still be able to give aid to those who need it if corporate tax cuts slash gov’t revenue.
but he is "Considering it".  -Somebody- might want to tell him, they are Americans.  why does it take beating you guys 2 do the right thing?
Finally, something we agree upon.
Sen Toomey it is indeed a pleasure to agree with you for once.
FINALLY something I agree with!! Keep on this path where you help others not hurt.
Finally you get something right.
Wow, I'm impressed.. didn't know u had it in you
Hey Pat there would be more money if big govt cronyism that you support didn't exist. Try fiscal responsibility in the future
Wow, I agree w PaT Toomey. Greetings from 412
Thank you for standing up PR including waiving Jones act
You're a disgrace! Playing catch up with your racist boss!
The managed themselves into bankruptcy before the storms. Why should the be granted a better outcome than the original circumstances.
Abt God Damn time you did something right. So I will grant a reprieve from my daily mantra of "F Pat Toomey." Won't do any of that today 
Me too. I have 2 give pos reinforcement when he does something right.
gee. if only you were in some kind of position that mattered where you could facilitate this. oh. wait.
Well, credit where it's due. We agree. What can you do to make this happen?
Agreed, @SenToomey! Glad we can find some common ground.
Lots of Puerto Rican families in Lancaster hoping that you will do what you can to authorize money for disaster relief, now.
Now you act like you care!?? You must have property in Puerto Rico 
..
What took you so long?  POTUS in breach of his oath of office.
How the hell do you keep getting elected? Empty suit.
I agree! Please push this in an official capacity.
Or did someone just remind you of the large voting blocks of Puerto Ricans in PA.
Yeah! This is what good leadership looks like! Keep it up.
And why is this even a question? Do you really need support to act as a moral man in Congress? Or is it such a foreign concept to you
Thank you!
For once I agree with Senator Toomey
For one I agree with you Senator Toomey
Thanks for speaking up this. Please let us know of any actions that result from your support.of Puerto Rico.
I am horrified by the response to the hurricane in Puerto Rico. Americans are dying from lack of basic resources. Please send aid ASAP.
Do you think it's a good idea for him to focus all of his attention on the NFL instead of PR?
Finally something about PR! How many tweets about tax reform & this is your first about the crisis there?! Still sucking up to DJT? Nice.
Trump had to be embarrassed before he did or say anything about helping Puerto Rico. Probably busy playing golf. This will be his Katrina.
I will join others in saying thank you  and I support your position on this. #PuertoRico @realDonaldTrump are you listening?
Thank you, Senator!
Don't tell us tell him
Thank you, Senator. This is a very good call. People are scared and dying.
WOW, @SenToomey you are just like your buddy, tRump, took a week to come to the conclusion that there is a crisis going on in Puerto Rico.
I agree with you on this.
Thought he wasn't lifting the Jones act cause people in the shipping industry are against it. Is that really how government really works?
well when "people in the shipping industry" are 45s donors......
Again, read the comments @SenToomey - you are pretty much disliked.
Wow. Wait you are actually doing something right. Good job. But what's the catch?
Thx for doing the right think FINALLY
The right decision eventually, but how many days did it take? Four or five I think. Too busy tweeting about the NFL????
Wow pat something relevant... thanks for being on top of something...
We need to repeal the Jones Act; and we need to engage the full power of the US and get Puerto Rico back to normal.
GOP President missed the boat on this one. fla Keys also islands. Explanation illogical.
Will you have the kahunas to hold him accountable!
What will you do about this in addition to putting out a tweet, Senator?
Agree!  First time for everything.
Let's agree on this. Keep hocking @POTUS to do the right thing and I promise I won't call and ask for a town hall for at least a week.  Ok?
Congrats on your first intelligent legislative thought of 2017 the entire year wasn't a loss for you and a robbery of Tax dollars.
Right on Steve!
What took you so long to speak up?
YES! I criticise you often, but thank you for doing what's right.
He hasn't DONE anything, just a tweet! Let's see him challenge trump.
That would be something.
They’ve needed our help for a week. Where were you when your president was trying to get black people fired from their jobs?
Thank you! It's the right thing to do!!
It's the right thing to do. Thank you Senator Toomey...keep telling @POTUS !
Tell 45 sir! We will remember your soft stance.
Right on.  I don't alway agree with you, but you are absolutely correct on this.
Finally u do something for the people. WHY SO LONG? They've been hurting for week or more now. You see the light finally? Just an easy win?
Hey, we can finally agree on something! Please help our fellow Americans in PR, they're in miserable conditions.
I've been critical of you so I will say thanks for doing the right thing here
Please get on it. People are dying.
That's a good idea. I hope after that you work to reduce the debt and get us out of the Middle East.
Thank you
Indeed they do. And so why did you vote no on hurricane relief earlier this month?
Yes, yes he did.
You missed his earlier tweet?
