you think John Hancock Sir Pat Henry comprised with Britain? No compromise on government out of healthcare! #fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom
Youse tweaks to Obamacare not even close to #FullRepeal. Stop this outrageous gov't overreach. Government is not Daddy. 
#UnitedForFreedom
Why only men deciding Women's healthcare w/TrumpCare?  What makes you qualified to decide what's best?
I would compare you to the sediment laying at the bottom of my septic tank but I wouldn't want to insult the scum that resides there.
Please vote for #FullRepeal of ACA. No to #AHCA-- keep the government out of healthcare. #UnitedForFreedom
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED!  #UnitedforFreedom!  NO socialized medicine.
Do not forget abour your promise of a #FullRepeal. We haven't, nor will we settle. #NoReplacementPlan #KeepYourPromise #UnitedForFreedom
I'd like to meet with you to discuss my healthcare and the treatable cervical cancer that I might die from! #VoteNoAHCA
Hold a Town Hall and we might listen to you.  First you have to listen to us 19152
If you don't stop this repeal bill, your career is over. Healthcare is saving us in so many ways. We're barely making it. No to #AHCA
Lucky u. Most can't afford insurance b/c of ACA. He had actually move swiftly on a #FullRepeal, any more govt interference will kill GOP.
#FullRepeal on socialized healthcare in America. #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
PA wants you to hold a Town Hall! Face to face. Grow a pair and do the job you were somehow elected to do.
Pres on the Intrepid today  I have been tweeting you for weeks on end I want the navy to extend my enlistment I want to serve can you help?
Email me directly so I can see possibilities.
I took @tedcruz advice and voted conservative up and down the ticket so you need to keep your promises of full repeal. #fullrepeal
Please #KeepThePromise and give us a #FullRepeal!!  No to #SwampCare!!  #UnitedForFreedom
Greed is ugly and unjust. Do something right for a change.
How about reading your constituents lips in a town hall meeting?
Congratulation on your continuation of being a coward and hypocrite.
Trumpcare is cruel..ask your own doctor, nurse, constituants...
Increase NIH funding. Basic Science Research is critical. America will fall behind (FAST) without it.
Can you listen to our statement before voting on AHCA? If not, I wouldn't worry about a re-election campaign should you vote in favor
In fact, you might wish to leave the commonwealth altogether by 2022 neighbor. Perhaps that's already your plan and why you won't #DoYourJob
Dear Senator Toomey, Will you put your country above your party and call for a special investigator? #ComeyFiring #kremlingate
Couldn't we spend some of the wall funding and obscene military spending on healthcare?
You know a lot of your constituents would lose healthcare coverage with the AHCA. How would you justify that to them?
were those people forced on to it because Obamacare made them lose their coverage that they already had?
I didn't lose mine. But looks pretty likely I would if AHCA gets Senate traction in current form.

Toomey's gotta start thinking of PA
You make this statement and yet you would have voted for #RyanTrumpLackOfCare the first time even though it was a bad bill. Vote NO AHCA!
Please vote against the healthcare bill. My sons will lose their health insurance in the new bill. This is a deal breaker for my vote.
Need your statement on this terrible, terrible AHCA act. Just terrible. It just gets worse and worse!
That "statement" is about as empty suit as you can get.  Nothing of worth was said in your statement.
#pat toomey your ass . you let us down . only 5 percent of preconditions will be covered in full . senior loose. ass kisser
Where's your statement on #AHCA? #Pennsylvania voters are counting on you to put people over party. #VoteNoAHCA & #KillTheBill - PLEASE.
Read this statement - if you don't vote against this health care bill, we will vote you out of office @_chrispizzi @_juliannemoore
Wait why would you throw @_juliannemoore and me out of office?  #resist
Where's your statement that rejects ACHA? Or do the 700k Pennsylvanias who are about to lose their healthcare not count?
as a GOP you have ZERO latitude to bitch about obstructionism or having legislation rammed through. Hypocrite!
Senator, where on your website can we find a schedule for your in person Town Halls? MontCo resident here, can't find it anywhere.
You may need to refresh my civics knowledge, but how can you blame Democrats when GOP has control of congress? Stop blaming other people!
How about brave leadership opposing the disastrous/shameful AHAC?  Or you could continue to hide from your voters and kowtow to your party.
Don't support the AHCA. And how about a town hall or two? You seem to be in hiding?
Your statement is ludicrous.  This was actually a halfway decent bipartisan effort.  You are insane.
Couldn't find the bit about the Border Wall - where is it??
Here's an idea: represent your constituents. Please and thank you.
Just FYI if you vote yes on AHCA you are officially a complete joke.
With the House vote on no healthcare the Republicans have officially proved they are NOT pro life!!!
Vote NO on the health care bill! SO WRONG for Pennsylvania  #TrumpDontCare #SavetheACA
Let's go Pat, prove that you're for your people!  #VoteNoAHCA
#VoteNoAHCA #VoteNoAHCA #VoteNoAHCA
Please vote YES to start removing Fed govt from healthcare decisions before TOTAL collapse of the Ocare disaster. Free market is the answer.
VOTE NO ON ACHA
Your vote is correct. It is as if Obama never left office. Way too big a bill, and cuts NOTHING of awful progressive agenda. Nice vote.
Is it hypocritical to denounce spending while giving massive tax cuts to the wealthiest?
Perhaps you can address this at your next townhall?
My mother just diagnosed with cancer. What does this mean to her? Not to you. To her? To her family?
I disagree with your statement. Your way would cut spending for many areas that I support!
We have a delusional mentally unstable incompetent lying sociopath as the FAKE @POTUS MAGA by starting impeachment #impeachTrumpnow
I know you don't care about your constituents, but speaking out against the AHCA would be cool
Us Pennsylvanians would appreciate a statement on the AHCA. Please vote no. It will ruin the lives of thousands if not millions of Americans
Stop being a whiny #CockHolster as a lifelong Republican you're turning my stomach. I warned you over DeVos, if you hurt us you lose votes
So you're saying you would rather see the gov't SHUT DOWN than continue to fund nat'l parks, housing assistance, and meals on wheels?
"... but the Democrats refused to allow us to even conduct debate...." You're kidding, right? After 8 yrs of GOP denying Obama's existence?!
Senator  I have been tweeting you for weeks on end I want the navy to extend my enlistment I want to serve can you help?
Read it, you voted to shut the government because you wanted tax breaks for billionaires.  Glad to know you hate your constituents.
Good bye
Why are you suddenly tweeting and acting like you care?
PA deserves better! Someone Better '22!
DO NOT REPEAL AND REPLACE!
I didn't know you were still around. Did you hear about the Honduras Mom and her daughter. Guess not. R U having any town hall meetings.HAHA
YOUR PARTY CONTROLS THE GOVERNMENT.  GOVERN.  QUIT BLAMING DEMOCRATS FOR YOUR FAILINGS.
I expect you to vote NO on the health care bill. You represent Pennsylvania. Not your party. Man up and do what is right for PA.
That's my boy!
Senator, we hire you to represent us. If you do NOT #VoteNoAHCA you can kiss your senate seat goodbye come next election cycle.
My mom has multiple sclerosis. My brother has autism. I am extremely scared as to what Trump's health care "plan" would do to my family.
here is a thought: don't spend trillions on wars we can't afford.
Thank you very much Senator for voting against this awful spending bill!
You need to clearly state your position on the healthcare bill?
I'll remember this tweet when you support a 20 billion dollar border wall
that's nice. What are your thoughts on ACA protections for Americans with Preexisting health conditions?
Can we meet in person and discuss this and the healthcare?
I was watching shows I recorded during campaign days.  What you said to get elected was a bunch of bullsh*t. You don't give a crap about PA.
I'd ask you to fight against this horrifyingly Obamacare repeal effort, but we all know whose pocket you're in.
You had me worried till I read it.Good job!  Now let's finish it with the REAL budget for FY 18.The liberal left agenda must be obliterated!
I'm going to speak to legislators in Harrisburg about passing a law to impeach senators. Like you.
I expect you to live up to your economic bona fides and vote this health bill down. If it's okay with Mitch, of course. #WasteofaSenateseat
Rather see your statement on why #AHCA should die in the Senate.
How much would it cost for you to listen to your constituents?
They tried that,  raised the $$ devos donated to him. He declined so it's going to back the next Democrat that runs against him
You don't get to blame the dems. I will be working hard to get you out. The GOP health plan is about letting people die.
You are nothing but a front running weasel, and you look like one too!  Not to mention a coward.  How do you sleep at night?
No. You don't get to blame Dems for your asshattery. You represent a ton of them. Have a backbone for once. We need a voice, not a whisper!
Thank goodness for @SenBobCasey
Did you read your statement? the GOP controls the senate not the democrats just a reminder
DO NOT ADD to the deficit even if you have to vote NO for this AHCA joke
This statement is more smoke & mirrors. What regulations are you talking about? When was funding govt a transparent process? Details please!
Lets chat
Sounds to me like the #GOP is broken.  You guys can't get shit done even with an overwhelming majority.  Suck an egg @SenToomey .
No thank you. I'd rather read your statement rejecting the AHCA
Let's see how broken the process looks in September, Senator. Everything you're working for concentrates wealth among fewer Americans.
Mmmmmmm...aren't there 52 republicans in the Senate?
Oh wait! Silly me! It won't affect you guys! Shame on you!
Will you also vote against this shitty health care bill because it wasn't sufficiently scrutinized?!? No CBO score?
Answer: nope!
"Out of control regulatory agencies"?

More predictable fear mongering.   Pennsylvania deserves better.
Where is your statement on protecting affordable access to insurance for pre-existing conditions?
You represent a state that has Dems and republicans. And after the #ACHA I bet more Dems . You won with 1%
You can't be serious. You don't like the bill & it's Democrat's fault even though the @GOP controls both houses? #DoYourJob or get out!
Let me boil it down:
1. I don't care about Pennsylvania 
2. I don't care about America
3. I vote according to donation cash
Koch brothers rule! Take care of rich!
I as well as many of my fellow PA voters will remember your VOTES in the next election with our VOTES
@GOP 
#RESIST
@SenToomey you better have a townhall
Read my statement concerning the GOP
oh look.. you're touting the party line sucking on the ahole of Trump.. big surprise.. uggh..
Where's your statement on how the House-approved healthcare bill would affect the residents of PA? #VoteNoAHCA
#MayThe4thBeWithYou
#AHCA
#RepealAndReplace
#Resist
#TheResistence
#ShowSupport

This (!)
https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 …
Take Action

https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 … 
Read my statement on Pat Toomey: He is the worst Senator ever and an embarrassment to Pennsylvania.
ya mean like that POS Casey?
Democrats are your constituents!! Republicans play these games! Between the friggin wall and defunding planned parenthood?!
did you schedule a townhall yet? We have so much to talk about. Please vote NO on ahca. Constituents before party!
How can you have voted for this terrible TrumpCare bill?  Your financial welfare before the welfare of your constituents?  Disgusting
He hasn't voted for it yet. Please keep calling his office and telling him exactly why Trumpcare is so bad for PA.
Toomey did say he would vote for the previous ahca version before it was thrown out. Keep calling!
Oh you want a "responsible & transparent process"? Can we hold you to that about Trumpcare? Will you wait for CBO scoring?
When do we get to vote you out ???
We had an opportunity last year but Pennsyltucky voted for Trump and Toomey.
Sorry new comer here just came from NJ
So Philly & suburbs = Hardcore Blue. Pittsburgh also blue I believe. Harrisburg, our Capitol, and the western 2/3 of PA = Pensyltuckey...
