be sure to discuss Comrade Trump's Russia ties. Gorsuch seems like a nice guy, too bad he was nominated by an illegitimate pres!
illegitimate pres. = illegitimate nominee!  Choose country over party.
#nope
Garland first.
Supporting Gorsuch is a betrayal to every person you are supposed to represent.  You don't serve corporations.
Next week when and where will be your town meetings?
How can you think it is okay for Republicans to meet with Russian spies to discuss recruitment?
I thought you were against a nomination for SCOTUS if it was the president's last year in office! This will certainly be tRump's!
We the people demand that Donald Trump release his tax returns!
Vote no for once!  Country over party!
Think about Proposal #PatriotsNeeded #dontGoNuclear #DelayGorsuchVote until #investigatioin #russiaGate #TaxReturns We don't know so much
Vote No to Gorsuch ... no to nuclear option ....
Talking now, what about the 8 months when you wouldn't give garland a hearing, how about a town hall with constituents
Not listening to what you have to say about this stolen seat and while the FBI are investigating trump. You've already ignored us enough.
Sir the poor n middle class pay taxes n your wages we deserve more from this administration we will survive & come back stronger. They lied
I heard that meeting WITH the citizens you're supposed to be representing is more effective than talking AT them via tv/radio shows.
Or is this your chosen method of ignoring the people you're representing. You're good at that.
A president under investigation gets to make a lifetime appointment but no vote on Garland? #hypocrisy #youaretheswamp
@SenToomey is bought & paid for  #followthemoney #StopGorsuch
Get off the radio, we want to see you live!   Chicken!!!!!!
please join the filibuster until such a time as the Trump investigation is concluded- your constituent
#NoGorsuch
We, the voters, want to keep our ACA.  YOU will cause the death of many Pennsylvanians.  Home foreclosures.  Suicides. No vouchers..scam.
PLEASE do not further add to the partisanship of our courts by abolishing the vital 60 vote threshold for SCOTUS picks!
Remember when you got paid to vote away out internet privacy?  That was fun.
VOTE NO!!!  YOU WOULDNT GIVE MG A CHANCE!!!!!!!!
Dear Senator Toomey's social media staffer: Does the Senator have a date yet when he will abandon president* Trump?#dudeissinkingfast
Give us one good reason to listen when you do not listen to your constituents.  You are losing mister. Call DeVos and  the ISPs for support.
Nothing you can say can make your "Yes" acceptable.
Judge Gorsuch record shows that he rules in the interest of corporations against workers rights and safety. Vote no
If your nominee can't get 60 votes then you need a new nominee. Please stop being a partisan shill and try leading for once. #youretheworst
Will you discuss why it was OK not to give Garland a hearing? If not, you're not really discussing the issue...
That's because he's an evil man hiding behind his so-called Christian values. Just like the rest of the Republicans. Treasonous monsters
Thank you.
listen to your constituents for once and vote no!  Stop being a coward and #DoYourJob  where's our townhall?
Toomey, what are you going to do about Trump's ties to Russia?
Please Don't support Neil Gorsuch nomination
Why should we listen when you never listened to Garland's view?
Don't go Nuclear.Think about it #Proposal #PatriotsNeeded #delayGorsuchVote until #investigation #russiagate #taxReturns #whatDoYouHave2lose
Don't Go Nuclear!
You should hold a town hall to talk about it with your voters.......just sayin.
Hope you are voting NO on Gorsuch. Don't be a hypocrite. #StolenSeat #FakeSCOTUS #ResistGorsuch #MerrickGarland #NoRussiaProbeNoSCOTUSRobe
Think about it #Proposal #PatriotsNeeded #delayGorsuchVote until after findings  #investigation #russiagate #taxReturns #whatDoYouHave2lose
As one of your constituents, I want you to VOTE NO to nuclear option for #SCOTUS nomination of Gorsuch #RealPA #TuesdayswithToomey
I wish had to listen but history will repeat itself. No guts Toomey will vote sure, anything they want.Ha like you can make any other choice
Though I know you are a lemming, I ask as a constituent that you reject this nomination.
You're a disgraceful representative. Representing Big Money rather than Pennsylvanians
#ConfirmGarland
Vote no. Please.
let me guess Sutton is some right wing kiss up throwing you softballs #onthetaketoomey
You shouldn't vote to confirm a nominee in the President's final year in office!!! Vote NO
& tell him you no showed for a meeting with your supervisors-the constituents. They went through all the trouble to make it easy for you too
Vote no on Neil G or we'll vote no on Toomey
As one of your constituents, I want you to vote no to Gorsuch. He's a Nazi sympathizer who is anti constitution
As Republicans caused this issue by shunning the last vote, the least you could do is reach out to the Democrats for a compromise.
Are you letting this guy run our country into the ground just so you can fill a SCOTUS seat? At the peril of our democracy and its people?
please address your hypocrisy in not giving Garland a hearing. #GarlandNotGorsuch
No to an NRA backed candidate who was nominated by an administration under investigation. Don't hitch your horse to this wagon.
This is the same judge that was backed by everyone when he came up at the appeals court level. #hypocrite
Who keeps your schedule? You seem to just float from thing to thing with no advance planning.
Do tell him your vote is totally partisan & you're too much of a coward to hold a town meeting.
BOO
Vote NO
vote no
no confirmation while prez under FBI investigation
Would love to hear you say you'll vote 'no.'
So we should listen to you even though you won't bother to listen to us?
would love to hear your thoughts on merrick garland as well!
I am one of the people that you work for and I say vote NO.
you and your POTUS 34% approval rating will enjoy prison.
Are you ok with deployment of our troops without Congress being notified?
If you are, you aren't doing your job.
I'll be at your Philly office at 12:20 with a bunch of other @TuesdaysToomey people- why don't you come down and we can chat about this?
How much will it cost for your vote against Gorsuch? Betsy Devos  Paid $56,000 for her vote!
And the scumbag took $143,456 regarding the ISP law that allows service providers to sell our browsing history and other data. He's a creep!
So when is that townhall scheduled?
Asking us to listen if you listened to the constituents you wouldnt support him
Could you do one darn thing to represent your constituents and not your own self-interest?  Just one.
theres no money in that
would have loved to listen.  maybe you can post a schedule in advance so I don't find out after it's over.  @TuesdaysToomey
Confirm Merrick Garland, Gorsuch does not qualify as a appropriate SCOTUS
I can't remember, were you fighting for Garland, or sitting on the sidelines like a good republican?
he was very happy to join in the obstruction of Garland
How much were you paid for this vote?? DeVos brother help you out??
You should come at hold a town hall so we can not only hear your verbal diarrhea, but let you know how we feel about it. You are a coward!
I like Gary, he wrote this: Shame on the Republicans for being Munchkins on Principle! http://bit.ly/2oUHyd5 
Vote no Senator. @POTUS shouldn't be making appointments while under investigation for colluding with Russia.
Me Erick Garland
Pat is this another rubberstamp. Vote against for once. Thanks for letting us know in advance!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#ConfirmGorsuch
This president is  currently under investigation by both branches  and the FBI for POSSIBLE COLLUSION. NO VOTE TIL Trump is cleared.
Senator, this is an opportunity for you to take a principaled stand, to be the adult in the room. GROW A SPINE *for* the GOP
I don't think it's appropriate to confirm a SCOTUS judge when the president is under investigation for collusion with Russia, why do you?
Totally agree with you.
Don't agree with you Mr. Toomey. I agreed with a person who said basically that the vote should be halted while the WH has been doing ?????
Stop representing your checkbook and start representing your constituents!
If you move forward with Gorsuch we WILL create a way to remove you from office early.
Are you going to discuss how you're a giant tool whose vote can be bought?
Or will you be focusing on your popular policy of pushing through the SCOTUS nomination of a president who potentially committed #treason?
Will you mention how you refused to even vote on Obama's nominee?
I guess nominating in an election year is way worse than nominating in an #impeachment year?
No confirmation while possible Russia connections are in play!
