• VOTE NO to incompetent DeVos! FREE the @BadlandsNPS @GoldenGateNPS @NASA !
Please NO Betsy DeVos. Save public schools. Make Republican Party credible.
@noreen_latshaw PA needs a Sec of Education who is experienced and knowledgeable. IDEA is also a priority! #DumpDevos
how can you be working for Pennsylvanians when you & your staff won't talk to them except when you are up for re-election?
I experienced that too. Nobody home in Toomey's Philly office.
All of the people?  Or only those that supported your campaign?  Your job is to represent ALL OF US!
Think before you wreck 20 -mil peeps by repealing ACA w/o replace.Be responsive to people who voted for you. Vote against repeal.
Then do what's best for PA.  Not what's best for the GOP.
Doesn't seem like you are working for us right now. Repealing ACA without a plan to replace it so that rich can get tax cuts.
Then please vote no on Betsy DeVos. No experience in public education!!
So how do you intend to insure people once you dismantle ACA?
Please leave the Affordable Care Act alone. @SenToomey @mcall
There better be safety nets for Medicaid and Medicare and Planned Parenthood.
Yes, this election is a farce, country over party!
DeVos is the wrong choice for our children! Please think about the concerns your constituents are voicing to you!
please get to work listening to all your constituents, those of us who don't feel devos is a "great pick" and want ACA coverage.
by cutting their health care! Way to look out for your constituents!
You want to work for us, keep the #ACA.
I hope that includes having a backbone when it comes to the new administration. Seriously #draintheswamp don't fill it
if you mean that, you will not vote to repeal the ACA. I have MS and you are putting my health in jeopardy!
You mean the republikkkan party. You don't give a shit about the actual people living in PA.
You need to get some people in your Philly office to answer phones and such. Nobody was there to talk to me.
reject Betsy Devos also! Highly unqualified..voters r paying attention to ur vote! PA children deserve better! #DumpDevos
why did you just referred to us with pre-existing conditions as "burnt out houses"? Really how you think of your constituents?
Not for all the people of Pennsylvania, apparently. Philly voters see your true colors
The best thing you can do for Pennsylvanians will be to obstruct tRump at EVERY juncture.
work for the people of Pennsylvania by making our voices heard ...Say NO to Betsy DeVos.  Make education important  #DumpDevos
Ok, sure, if by "people of Pennsylvania" you actually mean people named Donald J Trump.
LOL. What do you mean back to work? I'd like to see you start working for us! Starting with a Townhall in Philly!
Ten days into it and you have already failed your constituents several times !
Oh, and your job is to represent and work for the PEOPLE of PA.  Not the oil and gas industry!  Or Wall Street!
your cowardly middle of the night vote to repeal the ACA is unconscionable! #SaveACA #votetoomeyout
For the people of PA and the rest of the USA:   OPPOSE Betsy DeVos. She is a disaster for our schools nationwide
Say no to DeVos, Tillerson, Pruitt and Price!
a constituent here and wow you make no sense. Corporate welfare = lowering corporate taxes. When's your next town hall?
The poorest sector will pay more and those at 415K will pay less is taxes is bullshit. Very little help for the middle
Senator Toomey, Thank you for your service to our state and country . Please do not confirm DeVos for Sec of Ed. Thank you
End Abortions!
Do not confirm Trump's nominees until background checks are completed. You will be held accountable
Your white male privileged view that 'All Lives Matter' diminishes reality, data backed reality of police bias
I urge you to give the American people due course in vetting Sessions, as it will reveal he is unqualified, inadequate AG.
Great.  Now insist that the cabinet appointees get vetted for ethics.  Do your job. Thank you.
When is that going to happen, exactly? So far you are working for Trump and McConnell. When is it our turn? Meet with PA+listen!
I'm eager to see you even start to work for PA.
Please be sure to see that Republicans adhere to the vetting process. I seems ethics are the first thing to go? Not good!
"back" to work like you've done anything to help before
when are you doing a townhall in Philadelphia?
just please don't make you actually MEET with them, am I right??  #TuesdayswithToomey
Even the ones that menstruate? @SenToomey
Please meet with your Philadelphia constituents! We need to dialogue! Tuesdays at noon are good!
Meet with constituents-so far, you have been a disappointment. Do more for PA/less for GOP. Represent us, not your ambitions.
Then do it and stop messing around with the swamp people.
Just please remember you work for ALL Pennsylvanians, not just those who you agree with-do not repeal ACA w/o replacement ready!
Be on the right side of history. Country before party. Make wise and moral decisions.
you'd have to actually WORK.  NOT look for ways to dusenfranchise the poor.
Don;t U mean gett8ing back to work for Wall st, banks and the special interest?  U never worked for PA.
http://wpo.st/fTkP2  thoughts??
We're watching. Introduce legislation. Fix taxes, fix ACA, and create jobs(in PA).
Looks like dems will stop gop. Really?
@SenCasey
FIX ACA and repeal at same moment. Must honor deal citizens(20m) have made.
GOP better not screw this up. Bipartisan?
Don't take my health care. I have a pre existing condition #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Answer your phones! Answer the emails! We are talking to you.
before you dismantle the ACA,  protect those who've finally had insurance and those with pre-existing conditions.
Would be great if your offices took calls from constituents!
Just Publicly embarrass him he responds Senator's Reply to a Gold Star Dad on Iran Deal
http://thedailyripple.org/.../126132-a-senator-s-reply-to-a-gold-star-dad-on-the-iran-deal …
We don't want to lose our health care!
Actually, Pat Toomey just voted to begin repealing Affordable Care for Pennsylvanians who can't afford it. #MakeAmericaSickAgain
If you're going to "help" us by voting to repeal ACA, I'd rather you take some more time off.

Key words: FOR THE PEOPLE, not for the 1%.  We're paying attention and we will see if you really work FOR THE PEOPLE
Please shared releases me to Ontario invites me there! Thank you much! Thumb up! :)
When David Johnson get relocates, let me know ? Thumb up!
Call his office everyday and often to get an answer regarding his ethics vote: (412) 803-3501
maybe you could start by instructing your PHL staff not to lock the doors when constituents show up? #TuesdayswithToomey
Download this- it will help https://www.indivisibleguide.com/ 
maybe you should keep your phones connected and not lock out concerned Pennsylvanians with @TuesdaysToomey
how eager were you that you refused to see @TuesdaysToomey constituents today? Turned phones off too?
Plz work for all of us. Denounce hate crimes. Don't support Sessions, Bannon, Flynn, Pruitt, Tillerson. Listen to constituents.
i assume that's why no one from your #philly office could come down to take letters from concerned pennsylvanians?
Download  this it will help https://www.indivisibleguide.com/ 
we've all read it! brilliant piece!
Thanks- he response to being embarrassed in front of his Peers- Seems the only thing he responds to- Tweet & FB all of Congress
can you link to his response? haven't seen that.
He called me after I posted it on All Senate & Congress FB & Twit The conversation is on bottom 1/2 of Story- He didn't know Nuke
wait who called you? toomey? idk what you're saying.
Yes he called me AFTER I embarrassed him-we talked 19 minutes and I proved he didn't read the Iran Deal or know about their Nukes
Your position on Russian hacking? Why not a select committee? What about Trump using Twitter to taunt N. Korea?Do your job.
I am one of your constituents. Stand up for me, as well. You know how you won, ill gotten info. You'll be held to task.
what we want Toomey to do for Pennsylvania is not repeal the ACA, instead enhance it with a Public Option.
That would require that you listen to your constituents. Choice Schools is nothing more than a Ponzi scheme & doesn't fix schools
If you're so eager, why are staffers at your Philadelphia office disconnecting the phones?
you know that includes #Philly, right?
Start by holding Trump accountable for conflicts of interest and his extraordinarily poor appointment choices. @realDonaldTrump
I'm eager for you to pick up your phone and have meaningful discussions with your constituents
Yes, I visited and called the Philly office. Nobody home. Dec, I called ALL offices and only ONE office answered.
I've called many times, rarely get anyone on the phone.
is hiding behind voicemail.
Try this  Senator's Reply to a Gold Star Dad on the Iran Deal
http://thedailyripple.org/.../126132-a-senator-s-reply-to-a-gold-star-dad-on-the-iran-deal …
please remember that you work for ALL Pennsylvanians, not just those who voted for you. Listen to all your constituents.
then don't vote with ur colleagues on ethics committee change
Great.  Start with ethics.
I @TerriZezza passed my state test can u help me to work for the State? Are u going to forget us & not help us? Lies or truth!
no word on #RussiaHacking and the threat to our democracy that poses? #shameless!
just do not forget to check in with your backers the people on Wall Street
I hope you are eager to stop Putin's puppet from destroying America. #ResistTrumpTuesdays
does security start with a bipartisan committee investigating a foreign dictator hacking our election, Senator?
does prosperity start with a president-elect completely mired in unprecedented conflicts of interest ?
hooray for the corporatists stripping power from the government (and hoarding it jealously)!
when will you have a town hall with your Philly constituents????? #TuesdayswithToomey
good, now reinstate the ethics committee!
can we start with the ethics committee? What happened? Transparency is key
Read the article, I'm curious how lowering taxes will address the income gap described in your fourth paragraph.
item #1 should be condemning the vote to cripple the non-partisan house ethics committee.
Do not to vote to strip independent ethics oversight.
Could you change your Twitter banner to reflect the diversity of PA?! It's not just white men. We have women & POC too!
repeal the gas tax!
Increases in the gas tax, turnpike fees and auto registration fees are a great way to work for the people.
Stay out of Trumps way. No McCain/Graham BS from you. You rode Trumps coat tails on election night
Support & develop bipartisan environmental legislation to address lead & air pollution in PA. Also, oppose Pruitt 4 EPA.
push for cabinet confirmation hearings before inauguration, confirmation complete in 2 weeks; @SenBobCasey will support like 2008
stop your colleagues, in the House, from getting rid of the Indp. Ethics committee.
Let Congress Know"We The People"are"Watching"last nights cowardly secret vote is a BAD start. Suspicious and sneaky dumb!
#PresidentElectTrump #SpeakeroftheHouse Paul Ryan #Senator Graham. Thank You 
Great!So you'll meet with your constituents Tues instead of hiding away & sending your scared little interns? #ImYourBoss
maybe protect us from your president and fellow Republican thieves.
