If you vote yes on healthcare imagine the taxes you lose "taxreform" no one is thinking about that right now #saveaca #votenotograhamcassidy
I asked his DC office about raising taxes to cover 6B shortfall, she hung up on me.
I swear they blocked me cause i do not get vm there anymore & man in Pittsburgh says my zip & hangs up on me sad we are just noise to them
@CBSPittsburgh Where's the local media on this?
I call daily cause my childrens lives hang in balance
They don't care about lives, sadly. I wanted to ask about taxes & jobs
U can't cut 6B w/out decimating jobs or raising taxes. That's math
They trying to destroy nation & remove everything 44 did
Pennsylvania stands to lose $8.3B in medicaid funding. Senator Toomey needs to hear from you today. Text "resist" to be heard.
Called DC office. Told he's not releasing statements on HC, then got hung up on.
@SenToomey @GOP @realDonaldTrump how is helping people?
I asked how he was voting & she said "I'll share ur concern". I didn't give 1, I asked?
Did not listen at all even before has hung up on me.
We know this is bc the Koch Bros pledged no $ to GOP until you take away our healthcare and give them enormous tax breaks. YOU WORK FOR US!
Apparently not. Called DC office & was hung up on.  I PAY for that treatment 
Called Pittsburgh office - no answer.
Retweet so people know. Sen Toomey is giving up protections for any person with a preexisting condition by voting YES on Graham/cass. bill
Bullshit!  Why don’t you step up and day that the healthcare bill must be passed so that Tax Reform can help you line your pockets. #SAD!
Path forward to kill millions of poor and sick people. Vote no on G-C bill.

I'm not worried about tax reform nearly as much as I am worried about pregnant women unable to afford prenatal care under Graham-Cassidy.
All @SenToomey cares about is birth. None of his policies care for a child before and after birth. Unconscionable and plain stupid.
Just say no to #brownbackistan
Before tax reform Vote NO on this health care bill  If they promise more to Az, Alaska,  NH , make sure you get it for Pa residents also!
You're lying, it is a bad person thing to lie
Your mom appeared in your ads as you promised not to do every damn thing your doing medicare medicaid soc sec Mr Spectors seat needs better
You have a plan to send thousands of PA voters to an early death.
Tax reform for the wealthy? Another distraction while your taking part in eliminating our health care!
Nice that you don't have to worry about losing YOUR insurance.  I guess along as you have insurance you could care less about the rest of us
Why not work with REAL Senator Casey for the betterment of Pennsylvanians?
RUN OUT THE CLOCK, TOOMEY. 
#RunOutTheClock
Reducing taxes on the rich is not tax reform, it's a gift to your friends.
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Not until we see Trump tax returns to know how it will benefit him and other launderers of Russian money. #ImpeachTrump
#FakeNews  - lies. You are only out for the rich. How much is Donnnie going to put into your re-election fund for This? Just asking!
He won't run again Dave. He has his retirement and life long insurance! Hope his kids never run for anything, we won't forget their mentor!
Fed deficient is an economic mirage. Public works projects-i.e. direct investment in jobs-creates strong economy.
not a word on healthcare? not a word on how graham-cassidy will work wonders for us?
We need NO VOTE on the Graham/Cassidy health care. Whats your vote:YES or NO .vote NO if you care about anyone w/ preexisting condition.
Jist called his office, told he won't say how he'll vote. Then she hung up on me.
OMG. its crazy isnt it how arrogant they are. !!!!!!!!
Please Senator, stand up for Americans! #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
What's your tax cut going to be? Oh, & are you going to keep Obamacare for yourself, too?
#GrahamCassidy not the way forward 4 healthcare. Vote NO. Your Constituent 18925
Are you going to let Graham Cassidy pass and take money from Pennsylvania? Graham Cassidy will hurt our state. Do you care?
Tried asking his office about that, they hung up on me.
Of course. When I had called his office the staffer on the phone was very belligerent to me. I was polite but stayed my concerns.
Don't give ANYTHING to the top 30% start helping the middle and lower class. #MedicareForAll
Toomey suppots Killing American Children
Cancer patients will face a nightmare scenario if Trumpcare becomes law.
Why are you ignoring #GrahamCassidy ?
Vote No!!
You're a TRAITOR . How will u vote on Graham /Cassidy Bill. Vote NO A yes vote destroys preexisting conditions protections. I
More $ for you, Pat? When does your WWJD come into play? Do you even claim a religion? Oh right, the moneychangers thought they had one too!
Disgraceful attempt to hide from the real story - just need to check the "repeal O'care box" at all costs. I am ashamed.#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
@LindseyGrahamSC likes States like PA; but he doesn't love them enough to continue benefits for their elderly & disabled; are you with him?
Conservative tax policies ballooned our deficit and thus our public debt.
Top down economy has never worked. How thick can you be?
I doubt it
Vote no on Graham Cassidy. As a voter in PA who child relies on the patient protections in the ACA, my family begs you to vote no.
.@SenToomey You're constituents are having to beg you for their children's well being. NOT OKAY! @SenSanders @SenBobCasey @GovernorTomWolf
Why does the GOP continue to push the lie that tax cuts boost job
The world is watching you 'decide' whether you should kill your constituents.
VOTE NO Graham-Cassidy. It's so SHAMEFUL that your constituents have to fight and worry and fear you.
By cutting off healthcare to millions in PA?  Vote with PA not Trump! Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. People over Party
Explain your support of #GrahamCassidy. We'll meet you at a TOWN HALL and you can explain it to us there.
@SenToomey can't even answer his phone much less have a real townhall because he can't explain any of his policies to anyone but his donors.
No. You don't.
that doesn't say anything
By "reform"you mean being able to line your pocket for more pay to play politics.  Do us a favor & resign!
Where do you stand in healthcare -how cowardly of you not to say!
How do your Koch puppet masters reward you for enacting their soulless plans for dominion over the United States?
Why are you trying to kill me? I have a pre-existing condition. ACA protects me; you'll throw us to the bankruptcy wolves.
Liar
Coward! Say this in front an audience
STOP THE HEALTHCARE MADNESS. VOTE NO
If you care at all about families and children of Pennsylvanians you will not support this  Graham -Cassidy bill senator. Vote NO
Vote NO on the latest health care bill!!!!
Pat you need to resign for many reasons but especially pushing #GrahamCassidy
The #GrahamCassidyBill could drive up premiums and drive out insurers more than any other bill put forth before: http://bit.ly/2xfe2Gx 
SHOW YOUR FACE AND EXPLAIN WHY I DESERVE TO DIE IN THE NEW HEALTH CARE BILL. DO IT, COWARDS.
concerned that you gentlemen are ignoring the wishes of 75% of America #fixdontreplaceACA
Tax cuts 4 the rich have never resulted in economic growth. They keep the $; they do not invest it.  Middle & lower class spend it. #resist
Pennsylvania would lose $6 billion under Graham-Cassidy
Do not sign #trumpcare because #trumpcareKILLS
What is your position on the latest round of Obamacare Repeal and Replace? Your constituents need to know.
Good luck. I asked DC office & was told he's not releasing statements. Then she hung up on me.
Tax Reform is just tax cuts for the Rich at the expense of the poor and working class.
The AMA is against Graham-Cassidy. Are you?
What's it like being one of the most hated men in all of Pennsylvania?
If you vote Yes on the Cassidy Grahm bill. You might as well start looking for another job.
Senator Toomey does not even have the decency of tweeting his position on the GrahamCassidy bill. ( did I miss it ??,)
Nope. DC office said he's not releasing one before she hung up on me.
Please Vote No to Graham-Cassidy !!
You have a phony plan that will cut taxes on the rich and explode the deficit. Period.
Called #toomey office today re healthcare. As usual the staff acted like they couldn't care less. I was polite, they seemed disconnected.
You're delusional.

I'm Jake, I was born with a birth defect, without ACA and Medicaid I hit my life time cap when I was 14 days old! Without ACA I will die! 

My grandson was born 15 weeks early, weighing 1lb 12oz. He would have passed the cap before even leaving the hospital. We MUST keep fighting 
Why do u want2kill Americans? What happened2u? Is there kompromat on u? Releasing it worth killin Americans? Or is it just $2keep your seat?

My grandson was born 15 weeks early, weighing 1lb 12oz. He would have passed the cap before even leaving the hospital. We MUST keep fighting 
Right and make you and your friends rich while letting the middle class, poor, and elderly pay for it with their health premiums. Disgusting
What a HUGE lie. The whole plan revolves around adding to the deficit. What's wrong with you?

Yea. I bet. Tax breaks for rich
Phony GOP budget hawks hate deficits if they come from health care coverage but LOVE them if they come from tax cuts for the super rich.
Your tax reform INCREASES the deficit.  Do you know the difference between increase and REDUCE? (Hint: reduce = amt of hair on your head).
Like the last time GOP said tax cuts would grow the economy??? But they busted the budget, and did NOTHING but created a bloated upper class
Vote no on healthcare bill. NO CBO SCORE, NO VOTE!
If we stopped allowing corporations to #EXTERNALIZE their costs, we would have resources to cover health care, education, and housing.
I called your Erie office to say vote no on health care & they didn't bother to take my name & zip. VOTE NO or I will vote No in 2022!
Called his DC office & got hung up on.
Not surprising at all. We need to get him out. Follow @TuesdaysToomey if you don't already follow them :)
You have the Mercedes of health care and want to give your constituents a Yugo. Please tell us why we don't deserve what you have.
Why are you trying to kill Pennsylvanian children and citizens with disabilities?
I called your office today. It reminded  me how little you care about PA residents.
So many of us know you are a ringleader for destroying American health and wellness.
Why do corporations receive more of your attention than PA residents?
Why do you meet with corporations and pander to them while running from your constituents who are pleading to speak with you?
Shame on you @SenToomey for betraying your most vulnerable PA constituents. #GrahamCassidy
ps - There are some brilliant folks in PA working on #electionintegrity and we won't stop until the GOP corruption is eliminated.
No on Graham-Cassidy! Do the right thing for once in your life. Sad that you were bought and paid for.
Constituents have told you time and time: No tax giveaways to the rich AND don't take insurance away from millions, but here we are again.
Listen to your constituents... Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!!!
Tax cuts don't pay for themselves...ever.  Did you pass Economics 101?
More fluff, no substance.  This is becoming the hallmark and outcome of everything the GOP said it would do.  Don't tell me, show me!
Again with the voodoo economics.
Pat, your staffer that answered your phone at 4128035301 was rude & irate when I asked him why you weren't working with the Dems to fix #ACA
When he couldn't answer the question, he hung up on me. @SenToomey, you & your entire staff need to resign. #GrahamCassidy
Because it worked so well in Kansas.
VOTE NO ON THE NEW TRUMPCARE BILL THAT REPUBLICANS ARE TRYING TO SHOVE DOWN AMERICAS THROAT. ITS A SHAM
want to give tax breaks to rich corp buddies and take health care away from this kid. 

RT if you want to save Medicaid, help vets, disabled
You're disgusting. Taking health care away from vets and disabled children so your rich corporate buddies get a tax brk costs us $1.5 trill
I bet your wealthy owners love this plan. Resign Toomey, you don't represent or care about the common people of Pennsylvania. Just that $
Remember Pat Toomey and the other senators if you lose a loved one because they want to steal their health insurance.  Remember!!
Remember after Toomey votes to steal healthcare away from millions. That if you lose a loved one because of Toomey, remember this vote
We need real healthcare reform not billionaires blackmailing lawmakers into taking healthcare away from 32 million:
Wonder no more. The Koch donor network will give GOP $400M for 2018 *only if ACA is repealed* & tax reform passes https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
tax cuts for the wealthy add to the budget deficit which won't TRICKLE down to make up for the difference & the middle class & poor will pay
@SenateGOP toomey is full of crap, tax reform means only tax cuts for the wealthy. The economy should TRICKLE down unto toomeys face.
how about reforming spending? http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/19/tom-price-chartered-planes-flights-242908 …
Vote NO on Cassidy-Graham!!!
Read the statement and once again you say nothing. Details and facts. Which loopholes will be eliminated?  DETAILS ARE NEEDED,.. PROVIDE.
No!!! Vote no on Graham-Cassidy and join Bernie on Medicare for All!!!
Jesus Pat.  Look at the replies for once.   You are sacrificing pa and rural hospitals.  There is no silent majority.
Vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy Bill! People's healthcare is more important than tax cuts for your rich friends!!
Your constituents don't want this. NO  on #GrahamCassidy and NO to republican priorities over the good of the ppl in your state. Stop it.
How about you vote no on the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Thanks for taking MY healthcare away .@SenToomey ... Race to the Bottom. $$$$$$$$ for your 1% friends and 0% for middle class #PizzaForAll?
Protect our healthcare #KillTheBill #GrahamCasiddy
You have your own agenda too bad it's not your constituents.
WRONG. You really have no clue and are only concerned with lining your pockets.
The only path you have ever had Pat is to line your pockets from the Koch Brothers at the expense of taxpayers.
Do I have to call you and talk to a machine on how your bought and paid for by special interest groups. I.e #KochBrothers #No2HealthCarePlan
MedicareCutAddictionHelplost Preg not covered cost incres u say what ppl want to hear&then screwTx mdlclass&gv @realDonaldTrump TxBrk EVIL
Your so called tax reform cuts taxes for the wealthy & corporations. How does that make the economy surge? #TaxReform
How does it feel to know you'll b hurting the ppl who put u where u are?? U and your buddies really have no idea how the everyday man lives
Remember Senator the voters will remember if you support this garbage last ditch healthcare bill
Oh dear, you don't get economics, do you? Cutting taxes for the rich does not cause the economy to surge or reduce the deficit.
I encourage followers to also follow @SenBobCasey @GovernorTomWolf on ACA and PA impact.  Toomey is a coward and not educating #RealPA
Screwing your constituents one bill at a time -how the hell do u sleep at night or look Chldrn in their faces. Did u forget u wk for us EVIL
So u will vote to decrease hltcr Ben increases its cost take away mental hltcr and then tax the hell out of the middleclass U R EVIL
You are voting to repeal Obamacare next week, kill protections, hurt PA and you keep tweeting about F#+&! Taxes
Your path leads the middle class to hell
VOTE NO ON GOP STEALTH HEALTH CARE SCAM.
Forget this god awful tax and represent your constituents-we need HEALTHCARE NOW!!!! 911 there's a criminal senator stealing our rights!!!
No to Graham-Cassidy!  This is TERRIBLE legislation!
Where are you on taking healthcare away from ppl?  Oh right R do not care for poor or elderly or for that matter is the rich
Are you seriously going to vote YES for Graham-Cassidy and then give tax breaks to all your rich buddies? I can't stand all this winning!! 
Show me real numbers not hocus pocus.
More handouts to the wealthy and big business? No thanks.  Trickle down didn't work before (don't believe it was supposed to)
Senator Toomey do you support the Graham Cassidy bill and what is in it
I guess this is after you destroy health care for millions.
What can we read? They haven't even  had one hearing yet. And no CBO score. The congress doesn't know what's in the bill. Just want to "win"
You've been reducing taxes on the rich for 30 years and there has never been a "surge."  You know the definition of insanity, right?
You're going to completely ruin the growth that Obama created. Take time to learn about GDP & events that shape it.
That trump train y'all are on? Can you hear it? It's coming down the tracks & is going to decimate the economy.
Pat, you need to listen to our Governor & Casey. If you don't vote our interests, you need to resign. TTYT!
Toomey Offices:  
202 224-4254
814 266-5973
412 803-3501…
Pat won't resign.  His job is to be a rubber stamp and vote for what the Koch brothers tell him to.
Any path you want to follow will surely not benefit your constituents.    You've been bought and paid for by the Kochs and big pharma.
Clearly 1 of the worst senators in the country. STILL pushing for tax breaks for millionaires AND cutting insurance for needy.  Astounding.
And you have a path to kill millions of Americans by striping Medicare and giving most Americans insurance that wouldn't cover their pets.
I can't wait to help surge to economy with the extra $50 I'll get back in taxes every year.
Tax reform for the rich, voting to healthcare away from millions, refusing to hold a town hall that's not prescreened...you're a real gem.
My child w/ type 1 diabetes since age of 5 won't have path  with pre ext cond coverage-too $ to have. & LIFETIME CAP? She's not worth it??
Priority #1 Fix the ACA.Single payer works everywhere.Why can't the wealthiest,most advanced country on earth figure out a way to do it?
Last time..Corp Tax Cuts do not stimulate the economy PERIOD.. VODOO Economics. BUSH1
It involves killing off 30 million Americans, due to your health plan...we get it...
Does that include suggestions from ALEC?
And give tax breaks to the rich..like you,Enzi,Corker

Why would u support a bill that strips funding from PA to states who didn't choose to opt-in to the medicaid expansion? Does that seem fair?
Tell Sen. Toomey you are a preexisting condition and to vote NO.

Paul Manafort's lawyer statement asks DOJ Inspector General to investigate the classified FISA warrant leak and... 
Why do you hate Americans? Your support for Graham-Cassidy is an abomination.
You are being disappointingly obtuse abt this, sir. Trickle down economics does not work!
Stop claiming that it does!

#BooVooDooEconomics
I have yet to be impressed by anything you have produced or proposed. But sure, let's learn about your newest masquerade of lies/half truths
What about #GrahamCassidy? Focus on defeating this disgusting frontal assault on all of us.  Horrible!
In 2017
Pat Toomey, you represent me in PA and I am ashamed of you. No #TaxReform until we see 45's #TaxReturns. How is this good for me??????
Oh Stop, You and the Koch's Trickle Down Economics- Cutting Taxes on The Rich hasn't created Jobs since 1978- Quit Lying Sir it gets old
Only helps the rich get richer. Doesn't help everyone else.
Why don't you look out for all of us and not just the wealthy? I can't wait to vote you out!!
In Toomeyspeak "economy to surge" means "rich guys get richer".
"Reduce the deficit" means no safety net, no health care for the rest of us.
You have a path to screw the middle class .
We're not having it, Pat.
Cutting taxes for corporations and the wealthy has never, never grown our economy. #Resist
No tax cuts for rich people! They are paying the lowest rate of taxes ever! Their taxes should be raised to pay for the deficit!
It all starts with taking 30 million off the health care rolls. I have never seen a bill sponsored by Toomey get passed into law. #Donothing
Think Kansas think California then compare @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
people who are too sick to work...or dead... can't pay taxes. Forget this self-serving tax nonsense and VOTE NO TO GRAHAM-CASSIDY
Please explain, in simple, laymen's terms why you feel the economy will surge under this plan.  A Twitter response will assure brevity.
Why don't you want Pennsylvanians to have access to affordable healthcare insurance, Senator? This bill is a death sentence for millions.
Only surge will be in PA family health care costs after you are done destroying lives. You are a sick and twisted old man who has no heart.
Repeal of the ACA would be devastating to Pa. Rates for those with pre existing conditions and increased state taxes will take any tax cut.
Voodoo Economics!! Does Charlie Koch let you meet his gaze or do you have to avert your eyes when you are taking orders from him?
#Toomeyslastterm
It's time for a #bluexit and if PA doesn't turn blue, I'm ok with moving. Let the GOP turn their states into the 3rd world.
Goldman  Saches is not going to hire more people with their billion dollar tax cut, there just going to give CEO & other executives more $
Phooey. You guys are a disaster.
What does pro-growth mean?  Trickle down?  Tax breaks for rich?  If so, no thanks!
Which of your donors wrote this garbage legislation for you?
Why would you support Graham-Cassidy when it redistributes almost $1B in Medicaid funding  from PA taxpayers to Mississippi and Alabama?
Because he gives a rat's ass about  any actual Pennsylvanians
Step one: no damn boondoggle of The Wall

LEADER OF THE GOP: Uses global stage to threaten war crimes and genocide on 25 million people 
PAT TOOMEY: "Guhhhh, tax reform, guhhhhhhh"
You've got a path right into drumpfs crotch.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A tweetstorm, just for you, @SenToomey ...a little more than 21 years ago, my wife and I attended our first childbirth class
How will it benefit you? Hmmm? It would be nice if you held a  town hall in Philly. 

Also, #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Trickle down economics didn't work under Reagan. Only the short-sighted @GOP would try it again. You're a loser Pat!
Stop being a Toomey!
