Hypocrite. You voted for HJ res 69 which legalizes shooting bears and cubs in their den while they hibernate. #hypocrite
The @GOP are murderers.
Thx to our brave President @realDonaldTrump, the scourge of bear cubs & wolf pups will soon be eradicated! God bless America! #HJRes69 #MAGA 
Dude, you voted to allow bear cubs to be killed in their dens in Alaska FFS!!
Sen. Toomey voted for killing of bear and wolf cubs in national parks!  If that isn't cruelty, what is?
Didn't you help pass the law to shoot Cubs while they are sleeping ?
Now your turn to save your constituents from the silent treatment by holding a face to face townhall meeting in Scranton.
you care more about a bear cub than your constituents.
How about getting work and cutting taxes and building the wall.....fisherman and bears can wait!
Bodyslamming reporters?  What say you?  No comment?
What about rescuing the American people from the river of Trump's lies and broken promises?  Stop looking for softballs and get in the game.
Your staff must just be trolling you now.
That bear cub worth more than the lives of poor Pennsylvanian voters to you?
Seriously. This is what you're tweeting about??
Maybe we should ask him to save us from the GOP poisonous agenda next
What are you doing to save our health care and our democracy? #realPA
You praise this act, but yet voted for H.J.Res.69 which allows hunters to kill bear cubs while still in their dens. #irony #hypocrasy
You fool.  The country is infiltrated by Russians, healthcare is mess, and the budget is a disaster.  You tweet about bears ?  #LoveNature
what the hell is this all you have to do? At least you're not out taking bribes today guess that is a good thing#onthetaketoomey
Seriously? Saving a bear cub is more important than you constituants?
Happy for the cub because I love animals, yet didn't you support the bill to allow bear cubs to be gassed in dens? Can't have it both ways
Glad you have this kind of time available. Come out to Aliquippa for a town hall then. It's not election time, we'll never see you down here

Is there anything more cowardly than killing a bear cub in its den as it sleeps? 
"But you Pennsylvanian people can go ahead and die untreated"
Wow..since it's now legal to kill them in their dems while hibernating hypocrite
Bears don't need health insurance or good schools or social safety net #worryaboutpeople too #notTrumpBudget #notAHCA #notDevoss budget
Can't wait to see all the people you'll help with the new healthcare plan. Complete, affordable, and covers more people.  On that committee?
that so he can shoot it when it's hibernating next winter
Awe look y'all he cares! Just not about the sick and the poor! Hypocrisy and it's best! How about that town hall?
Maybe the fisher can save all the struggling human kids in PA who are suffering thanks to you.
Instead of fake news, @SenToomey posts inconsequential and meaningless news.
Ask him if he can save our struggling country. You sure won't.
Way to care about at least something in Pennsyvania, your constituents not so much.
He doesn't really care. If this cub was in it's den #ToomeytheTool would be perfectly fine with it being killed.
Since when do you or any of your GOP colleagues care about the environment?
If he was in Congress he could have sent his thoughts and prayers then sold the woods to a developer.
Rome is burning asshole. Hold a town hall
You didn't seem to care about wildlife welfare when you voted for H. J. Res. 69
As you support an administration that wants to destroy the bears' habitat and everybody else's!
Too bad this Senator can't save people that need healthcare (as in everyone). #TrumpCare
Yet you voted to allow hibernating bears to be killed in Alaska?! #actionsspeaklouderthantweets
Glad you have time to watch viral videos since you're clearly not working
You have got to be kidding me. That's what's important enough to tweet about? I hope Karma gets you eaten by a bear.
"And sorry that my support for Pruitt means the destruction of the cub's natural habitat."  #priorities
Finally coming out of the woods, noticing the world again? #WheresPat. Listen to your constituents, no to #Trumpcare, no to #trumpbudget
Just resign, already! You're obviously an incompetent lapdog. #NoConfidence
Then why did you vote to change the rules allowing Cubs to be in danger during hibernation you friggin hypocrite? The lies from you everyday
Are you insane??? Don't you read what you tweet? Oh I get it, better to save the cub so  it can be killed sleeping in its den. Aaarrgghh!
What the hell? Healthcare, Pat. Focus.
Now let's wait until he hibernates so we can kill him!
Don't pretend like you give a SHIT about bears http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/03/22/521089304/congress-rolls-back-obama-era-rule-on-hunting-bears-and-wolves-in-alaska …
Fool's posting responses that are irrelevant to the tweet. I don't see any reference where he said it was what he cared about most.
You are failing us again. And again. And again.
Good thing it wasn't hibernating in its den. Then one of the Prez' sons might have shot it.
Actually a Trump EO says they could have killed that cub for sport.
I wonder if this will be top news story on Fox 2nite while the rest of us worry about the harm the Republican HC bill and budget will cause
oh wait I forgot/ These changes won't affect your family. #Trumpcare #GOPdeathpanel
Hope your able to save Americans with Healthcare for All. Healthcare isn't just a morality issue it's a mortality issue!
The concern for Boo-Boo Bear is touching -BUT- Trashing lives of people who backed you is a Teddy Bear Picnic. Really, #FraidyPat? #CBOSCORE
If you detest bigotry and discrimination urge your senators & congressmen to legalize nudity #NudePride #BodyFreedom
Did you mean to send this to your billionaire funders instead of us? Oops!
23,000,000 people stand to lose Health insurance, and your worried about a bearcub?
If you're so concerned about bears, then why did you vote to allow hunters to shoot them in their dens, while hibernating!
you been hacked? If not, best keep that bear away from DeVos, and oh..the hunters that can now its parents while they sleep. Come on, man.
Seriously? Really, what is wrong with you? Knock it off and act like the person your MOTHER would want you to be. 
Yet you support a policy that allows hunters to shoot them in their dens.
Bear cub for Senator 2022
THIS IS WHAT IS MOST IMPORTANT TO YOU?? Get real Toomey or get out!
Great. Now please tell us your reaction to the CBO Score that determined Trumpcare will cut insurance for 23 million?
Hey guys! Look at these animals! Forget about healthcare of our nation... and the POTUS committing treason in plain sight
When will you hold an in-person Town Hall, senator?  Hmmm...????  WHEN???  Your constituents are waiting!!!  #WheresPat?
Are you blind to what is happening in Washington? #TrumpRussiaInvestigation and #trumpcare major disasters all around and you post this
This is why Betsy DeVos wants to have guns in schools...
Are you not struck by the irony of caring about this bear cub vs the new federal regulations that allow killing hibernating bear cubs?
Compassion like that is hard to come by these days. Especially from your party
But did you support the EO that allows for cubs to be killed in their dens?
oblivious.
nothing about that CBO score huh?
Toomey is one of the few who really understands what it says, and, if honest, agrees.
That fisherman cares more about that bear cub than you do about any of the children in PA (except your three kids, presumably).
Like you care.  OMG YOU ARE UNBELIEVABLE
