BUT WILL IT ACTUALLY STOP THE ABUSE????
Thank you so much Sir for protecting animals.An educated successful decent society respects animals
Thank you for protecting animals.An educated successful decent society respects animals.
yet you voted to allow hibernating bears to be killed  and wolf pups to be killed in their dens.
@RepTomMarino @SenBlumenthal @HumaneSociety I'll adopt a new puppy if you hold an open, public town hall.  @IndivisibLburg
1/2thank you @SenToomey &@SenBlumenthal for highlighting this horrific&deviant torture.Only
How about the Endangered Species act your shit party voted against.
And I thought Katie was the "Shady" one. Stand up for the people in the State you represent over Trump and his empty promises. 
2/2 deranged mind would be capable of such torture.animal abusers always  go on to abuse humans too
how about banning all acts of animal cruelty.
nice distraction. You have never lifted a finger for the endangered. Phony.
TY so much 4 everything you are doing to stop animal torture. We support you 100% don't we, @POTUS
if only u cared about  the water they drink or the air they will breathe or thier human owners .....smh
Pat Toomey pretending he cares about dogs but supporting the brutal killing wolves and bears! F U!
And what about the wild animals you just voted against? Killing them while they SLEEP? Awful!
We like people too. Do you?
How about getting healthcare like you have for ALL Americans!!
Maybe this will work. Telling Pope Francis about your massacre of PA seniors.
Your continued betrayal of senior citizens is disgusting. Meals on wheels...liheap. Trumpcare. Move to Texas please.
Thank You @SenToomey for caring about our animal friends @HumaneSociety @realDonaldTrump
Cute pi but what about protections against sexual abuse, child abuse, and human trafficking?
HYPOCRITE!
So you will also be voting against H.J. Res. 69?
reading that this exists just left me disgusted. Uggh
he voted yes to allowing Alaskans to kill hibernating wolves and bears. An Obama protection
~ Pls pass the Pact Act- we have to protect those w/o a voice!!!'
want to ban abuse? Start with banning Trump from abusing America. Say no to his budget & wall. Fix schools, help people
you finally did something that is very worthwhile!  Keep it up & tell us how you stand on issues!
Much appreciated Senator. Now about Pa's seniors and Trumpcare?
Maybe your budding interest in animals will lead to a blossoming of empathy for human beings.
THANK YOU!!!
Good for you. Now do something for Human Beings and fight against the AHCA
What is the date for your next townhall? Forget photo ops, want to hear where you stand on Russia and why you support taking our healthcare
you mean you care about animals but will screw humans out of health care? Oh sir you are something
Thank you, Senator. Please vote NO on the killing of pups in their dens in AK.
This is good, meeting with constituents would be great!  Hold a Town Hall!
great, very nice. Now what will you do for the human constituents of PA? #SaveOurCare #townhall
Ass
that's great you di*k! Pa was 47th in job creation! Try doing actual work !
thank you for working on this.  It is awful and beyond understanding.  It needs to be a felony.
Thank you!
will u keep humans safe too by not gutting ACA that would literally kill some of your constituents.
Much respect 4 my fellow Pennsylvanians! U didn't get distracted by this & kept up the pressure!
but where's your concern for poor Pa residents?  Bet your dog can go to the vet?
That's just ducky. Now will you see that my special needs son on Medicaid doesn't lose his benefits??
.@SenToomey Cool. Can you guarantee that under the AHCA no Pennsylvanian will lose their health insurance?
did you meet with dog constituency in person or just take questions via Facebook prior to reintroducing act?
thank you both from a veterinarian.
Won't give you kudos on this. Sorry. #noACHA #nouninsuredmillions #takeastand #townhall #TimidPatToomey
Thank you Senator B, Toomey, you're a fraud, you couldn't care less about people or pets!
impeach trump
But @POTUS just introduced a budget allowing environment abuse. #CountryOverParty #DoYourJob
Here's an idea: If we bring our dogs, will you hold a town hall? @TuesdaysToomey (Sounds fun to me!)
but you're fine with racist policing, domestic abuse, and depriving people of healthcare? Step up.
The act of Pet ownership by pat Tooney?
Sen Toomey I'm a PA resident & would like 2 thank u 4 ur tremendous work on behalf of the ppl of PA
What abt comprehensive affordable health ins 4 sick poor disabled elderly? Access/choices aren't healthcare. Fix ACA. No repeal.
Good going Senator Toomey.
Thanks for this. Please keep us informed of your other activities. Seems like we barely hear from you or just pics of meetings.
That's wonderful Senator! Does that mean you'll vote against HJ Res 69? Save wolves and bears!
Well something right. You have a long way to go still.
that's great, please hold town hall.
Thanks for doing one decent thing. Now stand up for our democracy against this ridiculous admin.
Finally, Senator, you have done something that I can support.
Thank you for this. Now stand up for people and meet with your constituents in person.
TOWN HALLS!!!!
finally Toomey does a good thing.
Excellent. Now could you please post the times, dates, and locations for townhalls in PA. Your constituents want to speak w/ you.
What! nothing for the Party's abuser and chief domiciled in the White House.
if only you cared as much about domestic abuse 
