Am I supposed to bend over AND smile? #goptaxplan
When you say 'simplify' do you mean helping super rich people not pay their fair share?  Town hall in philly?
What constitutes a "fair share"?
Fair share generally assumes inequality and ability to pay. Fair play assumes an even playing field, like a sales tax, and is regressive.
Would you say it is fair that I paid more than double in federal income taxes than Senators Casey and Sanders on similar income?
You mention ability to pay.  Do you think I am more able to pay my "fair share" than they are?
Getting corporations to PAY THEIR TAXES should be your #1 job. GE, Apple, etc pay little. "Simplifying" to Pres 45 means rich get richer.

This Nation's addiction to war porn has serious consequences.
So why are you afraid to speak with this transgender woman?
I think you mean it will be easier for the rich to pilfer from the rest of us.  No thank you!  I feed the rich fiends  enough!
1) revenue neutral as function of us population or %GDP 2)if not what spending cuts and impact on PA to afford 3)if yes, who pays more/less
PS-if any answer includes trickle down myth, try again.
PPS- will it lead to increase quality of life for lower 25th, middle 50th, upper 24th, and top 1% of PA residents
So Pat, do you think we're stupid?  Serious question.
The idea that multiple brackets is a big problem is stupid -- or, rather, proponents think *you're* stupid https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/30/16219906/paul-ryans-postcard-tax-return …
Sen Toomey you seem to be doing a lot of photo ops latelyHow about a real town hall in Philly with more than 30 people ? What are you afraid
Can you close loopholes too?
Have you no shame Senator? We see through your lies Senator. Your "tax reform" is just tax breaks for your rich donor friends.
How about you hold a TOWN HALL in Philadelphia and let us all hear it from your lips. Directly.
WTH... Wearing a suit to a lumber yard?
.@SenToomey simplifying our healthcare will help PA residents live.
Hey Pat, How will the little guys thrive?  Let's not forget the folks who will take up the tax slack while businesses pay so much less.
Doing your job and obeying your oath will help PA. STOP kissing tRump's ass.
Nice if didn't include tax breaks for millionaires & billionaires. No matter how much stumping 4 trump you do, not going to change anything.
I need to buy some lumber; stop by my house in Mt. Lebanon for coffee and you can fill me in. A couple hundred of my friends will be there.
Silly and missing the point as usual, Toomey.
Trickle down economics was tried in the 80's and it failed! What you mean by reform is, tax cuts for the rich!
Yes it did
Give your rich buddies a tax break and make the middle and lower class pay for it. Typical Republican.
Philly open Town Hall no invites no pre-submitted questions #DoYourJob #showyourface #youworkforus #realPA
What about helping your poorer constituents survive, Brownlee makes 5.4 million and they have 30 employees. 99.1% 

http://www.buzzfile.com/business/Brownlee-Lumber,-Inc.-814-328-2991 …
lying sack of s#%t.  Would not rust him with two cents of my money. he has track record of financial thievery.  #onthetaketoomey
take it back to the post Great Depression levels until we get the debt paid down. how can you want to cut taxes when interest is killing us?
Taxes not revenues
Great idea if it doesn't mean huge tax breaks for the greedy top 5 percent.
Removing republicans from office is the first step in simplifying our tax code so the 1% don't get as many tax breaks while the 99% pay 4 it
Give you credit, Pinocchio, not many wooden, lying, puppets would make a trip to a lumber yard. Now how about a trip to Pgh for a TOWN HALL?
If by businesses you mean you and five billionaires, then sure!
I  you.  All you have been doing is visiting big business to sell your tax deal for the rich.  Ain't gonna get it any less disgraceful.
That's great, but when are you going to come to York to talk to your constituents? #TownHall #ivote
Just how do you intend to simplify the tax code? If it's tax cuts for the wealthy, it never worked and never will. Trickle down= fairy tale.
Must Help PA Businesses...Reduce Regs and Reduce State Taxes! PA Businesses will soar!!
Getting you out of office will make PA thrive. Loser
Maybe those same folks can show you how to get out, interact with, and represent your constituents' interests ?
If you said it was raining in Texas, I would check the weather forcast.  I believe nothing you say.   I'm not rich enough for you to count
Keep drinking that "trickle down economics" flavored koolaid! Don't you know it's artificial flavoring? Just like trickle down economics!
Now do something about. Not just promise. This year 2017
"For those to whom much is given, much is required." Trickle-down has been a dismal failure and collapsed our economy in 2008. NO MORE.
Not one penny for the rich. They've had all the breaks they need since Reagan, and the time has come to return some equity to the system.
Your focus is always BUSINESS.
Simplification of our tax code may reduce the burden on accountants. Reducing taxes ? Show me your facts of trickle down economics.
Do something about income inequality and the growing wealth gap.
Simplifying tax code is CODE for DEBUNKED Trickle Down Economics. It doesn't work #PanderingPat
Honestly, this approach has never & will never work. Why don't you do something to actually help the middle class?
#NotOnePenny
Shame on u 4 using small business as cover 4 tax cuts 4 the rich and giant corporations! Speak the #truth! @TwTPgh @TuesdaysToomey #justice
Ha! "Simplifying the tax code" is that what Koch brothers told you to call the enormous tax breaks you are giving them? Town hall to discuss
How much wood could Pat Toomey chuck, if Pat Toomey was trying to avoid holding an open, free and fair town hall?
Pat, we don't trust you. Look a the spinning you tried (and failed) around healthcare. Your definition of "simplifying" might frighten us!
Are you FUCKING KIDDING RT NOW?
We already saw this approach fail. Try something else.
I trust you like I trust the plague with my money and what's best for me.
how?
They tried that in Kansas. Guess what happened to the elected Republican governor? Any ideas, Pat?
Those who don't know history...


Nice. But there are Russian agents in the WH, Sir. #ImpeachTrump
Millionaire Billionaires don't need to get tax breaks the everyday man does. Stop following party lines you sound foolish
Please stop. We have multiple crises occurring simultaneously: #HurricaneHarvey 
#TrumpRussia 
#ENDWHITESUPREMACY 

#DoSomethingGOP
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Nah, we're good, Pat. Just have a town hall.
Indeed?  @SenToomey and why don't you explain how that would work exactly @TuesdaysToomey @IfUSeePat @toomeytownhall
It's the wood that makes it good.
Why not outlaw municipal taxes on gross receipts if you want to help small business?
Or how about making the very rich pay their fair share? As a small biz owner, I'd support that sort of tax reform.
Senator, when you say "tax reform," do you mean "shorter forms, fewer special rules" or "lower rates?" Former helps a lot, latter less so.
When @SenToomey says "tax reform" he means "tax cuts for the rich."
Good thing you have some really skilled bozos all the way up to the top to sell this legislation.
