Our employee quit his job to get on Medicaid and welfare.  He able to work but why should he when he
How about addressing out of control costs which drive Medicaid costs? Or maybe because you're in the pocket of big pharma you don't want to.
Adam Ruins Everything - The Real Reason Hospitals Are So Expensive | truTV

Pennsylvanians cuffed after sitting in Sen. Toomey's office asking for health care to be protected. #StopTrumpCare 
Fund medicaid with that ridiculously over inflated pentagon budget!!! Veterans depend on Medicaid. #nomorewar
How about we work to reduce the cost of healthcare in general instead of wringing our hands over who pays for it?
Says the incompetent senator who voted to repeal it now, and not have that repeal take effect until after the next midterm. You're a coward
So stop working on tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans. Stop spending so much on Trump's vacations. Tell DT to stop playing w/North Korea.
So control prices, don't just cut funding.
????????????????????????
What about the fiscal crisis where corporations are buying our senators causing them to ignore their constituents? #irony
#RequireCongresstoUseWhatEverHealthcareTheyDevise
Is @DeptofDefense on a "sustainable path"? Why is investing in health of Americans a waste but dumping trillions into Middle East OK?
Is sustainable a code word for how many poor and elderly can I kick off this plan? You sir are a fraud
@SenToomey is definitely high on the list of deplorables. his disregard for the people of PA is shameful.His level of deception is very high
Hey bro, you in town? lets get together for a #townhall meeting.
NO MORE lies and deception! Constitutional Conservative governance ONLY in every area!
Enjoy your last term
Again the Toomey Smoke & Mirrors
THANK YOU TO @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins - YOU ARE AWESOME.
Thank you to Senators Collins and Murkowski for taking a stand to #SaveACA. 

Tell me, @SenToomey will you meet these patient orgs and people with these conditions, and defend your vote to take away their insurance? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/890711907002437635 …
Toomey is next one to GO! I'm in his district and pledge to campaign against him next election! Never responded! #Resistance #NeverAgain. 
Medicaid in its current form is the best. Everyone should have it.
Pat, pick up your phone! I wanna tell you how awesome Medicaid has been for my son.
He NEVER picks up his phone!
Turning healthcare into single payer might help control prices: see other OECD countries
Seems you care only about re-election $$ and tax cuts for the rich. If you cared re PA citizens you wouldn't cut medicaid.
shut up Toomey. You're not willing to listen to your constituents, so we're not willing to listen to you.
If you could stop trying to destroy Medicaid that'd be great...
Take it out of the oil subsidies. Or dairy.
@SenToomey are you introducing something with bipartisan support#notjustrhetoric
Medicaid is not sustainable and hopefully Trump will not continue to fund it.
I agree. The next war the govt wants must be funded by a bake sale or a car wash or no dice.
#KILLTHEBILL 
https://mobile.twitter.com/PhillyResistNow/status/889475032895893508 …

At 10 years old, Liam wrote a letter to @realDonaldTrump about his mom’s fragile health. Liam’s voice is definitely one we need to hear: 

Thank you @SenatorCollins for supporting Sami from ME and other kids like her. Your goal is our goal. #ProtectOurCare 

Thank you Sen @lisamurkowski for thinking about our families and prioritizing governing over campaigning. #ProtectOurCare #MurkFanClub 

I’m not done fighting the Republican plan to rip health care from millions and throw our #HealthCare system into chaos. Are you with me? 

Congressional Republicans and @POTUS haven’t given up on #Trumpcare.

Don’t give up on fighting back.…
Like Ponzi schemes Social Security and Medicare too right?
Why r u so afraid of?  You are not representing PA CITIZENS or  Why are you doing this? You GOP r bringing backwards 40 yrs
Building the Border Wall costing BILLIONS OF $$$ will cause a FISCAL CRISIS. what is wrong with you? You r betray the Values was built on
What about your duty to ensure a qualified leader for our country? When will you speak up for what u know is right? 45 is incompetent.
In order for him to understand is that PA voters need to protest his donors.  Call them out.  #SaveOurCare
So, when will you live on Medicaid and find out how it feels?
Then let's rally in @PhRMA and demand lower drug prices!!!  Real solutions, not politics as usual!  #HealthcareBill
The only way to fix is tort billing big pharma and FDA reform
The only people that love our system.
https://goo.gl/images/86n1EH 
You discredited Bill Clinton?Is that not a bunch of bullshit you're blowing up our ass.Didn't you asswipes impeach him?Now you worship him?

Today I finally got the chance to quote President Trump on the Senate floor on how Australia's health care system is better than ours. 
trump lackey
Didn't work, @SenToomey.  Time to work with Democrats to Make American Healthcare Great!
You're irrelevant
Deal with the cost of pharmaceuticals. Look at health care on the provider side.
How about you just put your constituents on the Senate health plan?
... against your constituents. If you think you aren't- you're talking to the wrong people. Get it together for the remainder of your term!
Time for you to get together with Senator Casey and ACTUALLY work WITH the democrats. Fix whats wrong with the ACA. Stop going against...
Traitor...I guess now, that  means you will get your check from Kochs....
Koch lies! Gonna love working against you  to get you out of office, have already started you #sycophant
We can't just repeal it either - be bi-partisan - and meet with your @IndivisiblePHL constituents
Medicaid is very successful and needs further expansion. Let's work on the bloated and wasteful defense budget, half of the overall budget.
The only crisis here is you, Senator, spreading your monstrous lies to hurt sick people with no money.
You still think poorly of the common folk?
The only crisis is your ignorant austerity mindset. Read and learn,
Tweet away, sir. It doesn't change fact you had 7 years to come up w a better plan than ACA, but you didn't. Repeal/replace--a disaster.
I wish we had two Bob Caseys!
You are despicable TOOMEY. Still trying to screw over the middle class.
Democrats still DO care. Why don't you for ONCE try actions and not words to work with them? Since you got back to DC you've not done that.
You may have the "duty" but you lack the capability. Seven years and the GOP can't come up with an ACA replacement. What does that tell you?
Senators should avoid cliches like 'kick it down the road' and 'at the end of the day' ,  For the latter , might I suggest ultimately ?
You're an immoral liar who'll be directly responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPLiesMatter
How about we can't sustain your salary health benefits and retirement plan and we end those?
Tax the rich like you tax the middle class and you'll have plenty of money to fund it! Stop lining your own pockets with lobbyists' $$$!
.@SenToomey Then don't defund medical care to give millionaires a tax break! Easy peasy!
A future in which all Americans have access to care without financial peril means a more productive workforce.
Why not take the 1.6 billion for the wall or all the millions on trumps golf vacations. Funny how no shortage of money there.  #hypocrites
Imagine how much could be saved just with negotiated drug prices like other countries have.
The "sustainable path" you mention involves expanding coverage and further aca-style controls on actuarial value and reimbursement rates
A sustainable path means funding it, rather than cut funding, you deceptive and heartless politician.
I hope you're crying into your cereal this morning @SenToomey. This process was a disgusting partisan example of bad gov't. Do better.
Obvious solution: #MedicareForAll. How long until you grasp this fact? And how many American lives will we lose for your ideology? @mcall
How about working with your colleagues across the aisle to fix what your party has deliberately broken?
screw you!
Which is what you wanted to do to Pennsylvanians
You only understand the path to huge tax breaks for the wealthy and how to kill women and children with your wealthcare bill.
With all due respect, you are a one-man crisis to your constituents.  You should be ashamed of how you are abandoning Pennsylvanians.
Even though you just voted to kick it down the road...
Last term for you, Paddy, LAST TERM.
Now, please work with Senator Casey and both sides of the aisle to come up with something for all Americans.
Happy to debate , happy to to write a check to a charity in order to debate you. Your economics is shoddy,  meet your constituents
Maybe now you will hold a town hall to hear from your constituents. I'd appreciate that.
Haaaaahahaha you freaking monster - how does it feel to have an entire state wish you were never born, and lose everything you "fight" for?
I've been asking for months: where is a link to nonpartisan, reputable, non meme SOURCE?
You have a duty to protect Pennsylvanians from harm. I am glad your privileged, silver spoon vote has failed.
Then what is your solution? More sneaky night votes? Stripping people of their health? You have no conscience. Stand for us, not the party.
Cut something else @SenToomey not throats. Cutting something necessary 2 most needy doesn't make it ethical or more sustainable #ACA #VoteNo
It is your duty to REPEAL OBAMACARE IN TOTALITY!
My husband's rep friends were complaining abt your HC plan they didn't no ACA & ocare were same thing. They'll remember u took their HC tho
Seriously had same situation yesterday. I couldn't believe it, but they were very upset and we talked long and hard about Toomey.
-You are a bloodless robot, and against a safety net -Do realize that people will die early bc of you ? Is that "sustainable ?
Liar!  What's next?  Medicare and Social Security?
Vote no
Your duty is to your constituents, including those who did not vote for you.
Hoping yinz vote no
NO! Vote NO! It will be on your hands!
As usual you ignore your constituents in favor of you contributors.
It's a shame that millions will lose their health care so wealthy can have a tax cut!  PA voters will remember this!
No, sir. You have a duty to protect your constituents in the here and now.
Translation: Medicare U Up?
IT IS SUSTAINABLE. BUT, FINE, THEN FIX IT. YOU ARE JUST BREAKING IT. YOU DON'T SMASH SOMETHING JUST B/C YOU THINK IT DOESN'T WORK PERFECTLY
And what of your duty to serve the needs of your constituents? We need healthcare, and you are taking it away
what matters is sustaining peoples' health and lives.
Lower the cost of healthcare genius then quit paying people to sit on there ass and paying for more hands on healthcare providers
You also have a duty to your constituents who need affordable healthcare - not tax breaks for the wealthy.
We have a duty to make sure this is your last term. #ToomeysLastTerm
OR YOU COULD HAVE A DEMOCRATIC PROCESS WITH HEARINGS AND EXPERTS.  YOU HAVE HAD 6 YEARS! HOW DARE YOU! YOU DON'T DESERVE TO BE A SENATOR.
YOU ARE DEPLORABLE.
What will it take for you to LISTEN to your people! We don't want your bill! Skinny or Fat bill, whatever you call it, WE DON'T WANT IT!
Please vote no on skinny repeal
Please do not vote for this bill. Millions more will be without healthcare by 2026 per CBO score. Vote no.
They have you talking Little Pat because you aren't up for reelection!! Single Payer will ensure premiums can't go up 200%!  #GRIFTER
You just don't get it. Real Americans are concerned about their health. You have a duty to be concerned about both, NOT tax breaks.
You're going to cause an ECONOMIC crisis. You're lighting the fuse of a goddamned recession!
Why pass a bill you and your colleagues don't like? And, which will throw 16 million people of of healthcare coverage.
I'm a PA voter.   Let's cut YOUR HEALTH CARE??   Hmmm???   Would ya vote for that Pat?
Do you stand with POTUS and his Comm Dir that Steve Banon is "sucking his own cock"? Letus know!
I can't wait to vote against you.
It's too soon to rewrite history, Pat. No Dems included in closed-door mtgs & still not able to see the bill. 18974
Try considering the health and welfare of families in Pennsylvania and not corporations. Perhaps some prayers will help. May god forgive you
All your proposed solutions don't fix anything. If you take away the individual mandate that makes premiums higher.  Why won't you listen
Looking forward to voting you out of office!
You're killing Medicaid. Please don't say this is "sustainable."
The people of Pennsylvania have a duty to kick you out of office the next chance we get to vote.
57 people liked your position 2 hours after u tweeted it
Too bad we can't kick u down the road. I wish u would watch a loved one die b/c no healthcare 
#KochSucker #SaveACA
How about saying that to them cause i've thought about how for months and i cant it's just not moral sir
Let's try LISTENING TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS
I will do everything I can to help defeat you next time around. Your main concern is tax cuts not the well being of your constituents.
You have a duty not to make a bad situation worse by taking away people's health care. Shame on any Republican who votes for this bill.
I suppose kicking everybody off and leaving them to die would make it sustainable, technically. Or LEAVE IT ALONE http://m.content.healthaffairs.org/content/26/2/w271.full …
He thinks his seat is safe, can do this because he doesn't run for reelection for 5 1/2 yrs so let's make those years a LIVING HELL!
#RESIST
This guy makes me sick!
His donors are Club For Growth Right Wing billionaire's who want more tax cuts so Toomey is their paid mouth-piece!
But you are ok kicking sick people down the road and creating costly medical crises?
Thank you for lecturing us all on how important #Medicaid is. WTF do you think we've been calling about incessantly?
Let Americans have the same health insurance as you have!
You propose putting people who need Medicaid on the street? Place the money being proposed for Trumps "wall" into sustaining Medicaid!
Bipartisan effort. A *true* bipartisan effort. That is what we want.
You ARE EVIL! May you have nightmares the remaining days of your life for killing innocent lives taking healthcare away for your agenda
Vital signs are more important than dollar signs, you ignorant corporate shill
Make a plan. Get it done. We in Pennsylvania voted for republicans to repeal Obamacare. Stay all night until it’s done.
You are horrible @SenToomey just like @realDonaldTrump for supporting a bill like this.
You're disappointing.
The only reason it's in crisis is because your party is withholding funds, destabilizing the markets for political gain. 1/
You think gambling with people's lives is a f-ing joke Senator? For your little petty party politics? You're playing with absolute fire 2/
If you WERE serious about fixing it, you'd vote no on the reconciliation and issue a written statement, that this is a hostage situation. 3/
And the REAL way to fix deductibles and premiums is with bipartisan legislation, which you'll immediately move into, without a repeal. 4/
You'll do that, because we've got 600K in PA alone that would lose care, and you sincerely care about constituents. 5/
You'd be better off never having a town hall, and never showing your face in PA again. Ever. 7/7
How about your duty to keep millions from being without care???
U r a fraud. Stop twisting the truth. U don't give s damn about the ppl of America. Karma
Insustainable meaning you want to cut taxes. How about instead of gutting Medicaid you cut this bill
Between Medicaid, preexisting conditions and increased premiums we will be filing for bankruptcy. Please vote "NO" for the people of PA.
Throwing old patients into the street, taking resources from the disabled & taking food out of mouth is not the way to strengthen Medicaid

You all have a duty to get our national debt on a sustainable path. I don't blame presidents for debt I blame Congress. 20 TRILLION!!!! 
No one is asking you to kick it down the road. We want you face your constituents, hold open hearings&debates, and include MORE coverage.
So you will kick people off but keep your insurance
17. That's the % of people who believe you really care with this shameful for-the-rich-only health plan. We Pennsylvanians WILL remember.
Is this why you got into politics?
To line your pockets and pockets of your donors at the expense of the lives of your fellow Americans.
Did you hear hero @SenMcCain talk about the necessity of compromise & incremental progress? Just be transparent & slow down. NO BCRA!
You still haven't answered my repeated question re: why use this bill to give tax breaks to the wealthiest among us?
You cannot do it on the backs of the poor.  You cannot make any fiscal argument that trumps the needs of the people.  Your premise is wrong.
Simple solution, less corporate welfare and boons for the rich, and a single payer health care system for all.
Toomey...tooooommmmmmmmey...tooooooomeee, the Tumor...

Listen, these lies you keep pushing, no one is buying.

Do the right thing.
Pat, does your office actually take calls?I ask because apparently only out of state donors get through.

Its weird,like you are avoiding us
Toomey is manipulating the data.  Medicaid per capita is growing less than Medicare or private insurance. Growth is due to people covered.
