What about the estimates that skyrocketing deductibles and smaller vouchers will force millions off the exchange market?
Or that more people will become uninsured if employers are no longer required to offer benefits?
BCRA stands to impact all Americans, not just those on Medicaid. And all this just to give the wealthiest tax cuts they don't need?
Pop quiz on Medicaid, though. How do you cut billions in funding without affecting breadth and depth of coverage?
jUST ELECTED FOR 6 YEARS . TOOMEY DOES NOT CARE
Not sure so much as he was "elected by the people" as he was by "GERRYMANDERED STATE".
@AriusDax I agree with you on our dislike of Toomey but gerrymandering doesn't really effect Senate races.
I stick to my conviction because the results achieved the desired electoral results leaning (hard) to the Republican party.
But not for Senators.
Ok, well, we'll blame it on the tea party wave then! 
Voter suppression via photo ID requirements that many can't afford.
Yes. I'm getting "schooled" by a close friend regarding the fuzzy lines of GM and VS. However, it all seems to point back to GM and then on.
Shut up  pleasssssssse!
-Get off twitter, get to a townhall -GOP bill is Healthcare REMOVAL -Draining $$ from Medicaid; reimposing caps on employr plans
Read our posts begging you to VOTE NO!!!!!!! Oh I forgot you don't listen to us...We don't give you huge amount of money!
Are you gonna lock up the CBO people too ?
Is it true that 2/3 that lose coverage, it is their choice, not being displaced, just not being forced to buy?
The republican leadership selected the head of CBO and now dislikes their work.
And what if you are wrong? Like you usually are.
Your statement spouts Repub talking pts. Trumpcare slashes Medicaid & health insurance in general. And yet you defend it? Get real Senator.
Wrong.  No.  Liar.
I'm ashamed you represent me.
Ditto
Same. I can't believe we voted this idiot in. Oh, wait, we didn't. He cheated via gerrymandering and voter suppression. Not my SENATOR.
He's terrible, yes, but I don't think gerrymandering affects senatorial elections at all.
Not directly, I agree - but it affects smaller, local elections heavily, and when ALL the other reps are R, it affects the Senatorial elec.
Then the CBO is only believable if they make numbers suit YOUR purposes?
How many Americans are you willing to let lose healthcare? If CBO is wrong, tell us what's right. What could you live with?
So why the f do you get to stay on Obamacare when the rest of us get shafted?
How about you read my email I sent you? No-one wants this ruse of a healthcare plan. NO-ONE except the millionaires like yourself.
If this is so great, why not move to have congress covered under this plan?
make a statement that's proves you are representing all PA Residents. help ensure care is affordable without compromising coverage
2 things 2 redice cost. Repeal ACA, National insurance Co's. 2 keeps prohibit refusal of pre-existing conditions, provide help for children
You're taking the CBO's word on deficit reduction, tho, right? Uh huh.
In dealing w/ people's health and lives, it's wiser to judge the bill w/ the metric that may over-estimate its negative impacts.
@SenToomey your line is busy & mailbox is full. Your constituents want to talk with you!
Try his DC line: (202) 224-4254
Your goal is a tax cut not healthcare. 12% approval for this bill. Stop lying
More arrant nonsense.  Stop spouting this ridiculous crap and DO YOUR JOB by listening to your constituents.
What kills me is this guy is not up for re-election until 2022. Hence, not giving a F about what his constituents are saying.
-U should never be in public office anywhere; you don't care abt rep'ing constituents, only care about rep'ing your large donors
Why do you keep lying?

If only @SenToomey cared as much about saving American lives as he does sugar, #TrumpCare would fail. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/880481036857208832 …
I want to know why you have voted AGAINST EVERY SINGLE ISSUE that teachers have asked you to support! #VoteToomeyOut @PSEAPres @Lily_NEA
2 emails wtg for reply 
Dear Mrs. Dunn-Comer, Thank you for contacting my office. Please be assured that constituent correspondence will
undermining the @USCBO bc you dont like what they have to say? that's fun.
Do what u promised, REPEAL!!!
The guy is an asshat.
YOu're Sticking with GOP's party line. Healthcare is a right &USA must have it. It is criminal that GOP is using H/C as a tax cut for the 1%
Crooked pat Toomey lining pockets with Koch bros $$$.  You are shameful!!
You know,  like your job description Asus you're supposed to.
Tell us at a town hall
You are an embarrassment to the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
The #AHCA will hurt Pennsylvanians. Shame on you if you support it. #BetterCareSucks #SaveOurCare #FireMitch
It's FORGO, Senator (in context here, "forgoing"). Which makes it no less a foregone conclusion that this bill will hose working Americans.
Listen to the people who voted you into office- vote NO!!! You're working for the American people not lobbyists or corporations!
Senator, you should really follow your own advice
This is gonna be a long wait.
January 3, 2023
Pat, it is not your story. It is the GOP talking points. It is plagiarism even when they are lies.
Wow. You drank the Kool aid. How do you explain all the other negatives in the bill?
Is it good for kids?
Bill is harmful to PA. If you want to make @pennsylvania great, you'd vote for more access to healthcare; not tax cuts for wealthy
Please link estimates at time of ACA passage for CMS to assess comparison
Go ahead. Vote for it. We will remember next time you are up for reelection. Let's have a town hall to discuss it. #trumpcarestinks
You aren't listening. #TaxationWithoutRepresentation
Even if then are off by half, you still feel good about kicking 11 m. people off healthcare??? #Trumpcare = #MeanCare
For a man who won with a 1 point margin and being the only GOP in PA, I'd be really wary of coming out so strong on this bill.  #VoteNoAHCA
You're a bum.
U like CBO scores that suit u.  U criticize them when they don't.  Why don't u, for once, just tell the truth? Too much to expect, I guess.
GOP questions CBO only when it benefits you to do so. Shame!
NOW Backroom Pat says we can read stuff!!! We are honored sir!
Under the guise of reconciliation, the GOP is trying to throw the American people under the bus, unfortunately, 22 million of us wouldn't...
have healthcare from their so called acts of humanitarianism
Do not be deterred! Stay focused on giving millionaires a giant tax break so you can cut health coverage for poor people!!! You schmuck!
#FULLREPEAL
Your ability to represent your constituents is "dubious".  You are a partisan pooper scooper who cares zero about your constituents
Looks like only "Harm" GOP cares about is that Tax on Rich Like you.Guess that 75 million Lobbyist spent to persuade GOP worked. SAD!
U no good weasel I'd have more respect for u if u just said "screw the middle class" or "sink or swim,peasants"
"more consumer driven"?.Please just b honest and tell us we r nothing but peasants lucky to b in US.Get back to shining Koch bros shoes

Health care will always be consumer driven. Because guess what, people get sick! Supply and demand, econ 101.
I'd rather read the funny papers; they are at least fictitious AND funny.
So sources that say what you like are 'non-partisan' and sources that do not say what you like are what? Seems very convenient, Tooms!
You only say this because the findings are against you. The CBO uses the same formulas for all of its reviews. You cannot pick and choose.
Don't put down the CBO. It's people are good at their jobs. It's you who sucks at yours. This bill is bad. You know it. No secrecy otherwise
Or you could hold hearings to get this fully vetted instead of shooting the messenger
CBO needed to keep u honest about how many losing coverage. A good plan for a healthy, wealthy USA covers all by fair rate or tax
If you're arguing the non-partisan CBO is wrong, please show us the data. We won't blindly take your word for it!
Every patient advocacy group, medical professional group, and everyone who loses care disagrees. This bill is wealthcare. PA deserves more.
Red herring. a real plan has details like what benefits, %AV, caps, out of pocket/network limits, deductibles/copays. Do the work
.@SenToomey this bill is not the answer - American healthcare is flawed but this is wrong-The American people need a real answer!
lying sack of s#%t. Does your plan cover more people for less as the fearless leader promised.what health insurers are paying you
Please stand up to him and them!
Boo!
Runner Stamp Toomey baffling his constituents with bullshit. #rubberstamptoomey
How about all Senators and their families get this plan?
Pennsylvanians deserve better!   Go back to the table please
fun fact: writing this statement is the most work toomey has done in months. disgraceful.
Why don't you provide the same level of insurance you get as our representative to all Americans?!
I'm disappointed that you're joining an irrational group of people that calls math dubious. Some people not pushed to apply will not apply
do you believe your own BS???  Look your constituents in the eyes, stop hiding behind aides and staffers.
Dear Pat Toomey,
GOP=Greed Over People
#CBOReport #HealthcareBill
https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/06/26/the-cbo-confirms-senate-republicans-health-care-bill-is-a-turkey/?utm_term=.a96d83f16cdb …
You are trying to stuff this horrible bill down your constituents throats. It's a loser. No one wants it. Not the AMA, AARP, And others.
Yea, I would like to see what happens to Medicaid after 11, 12, 13 years. I bet the cuts really kick in then
BS - Republicans appointed the guy running the CBO!! You think it's ok for people to drive cars w/o insurance too??
It is still a pile of
The bill will kill me. Period. Murder. And for many others as well. Those numbers you quote are PEOPLE. Most  R children, elderly, and poor.
When funding gets cut how will thwy be able to stay on. Your arguement @SenToomey  is invalid.
GOP control of all government, 6-yrs of promising reform, and can't even vote on health care reform bill you promised to pass. Sad.
You are misleading the public.  You have revenge on your mind when you should think of the people.  Please Resign.
Now that you're not voting until after you get back from vacay—could you please host a townhall in the meantime?
Do you ever stop to ask yourself, "Am I a terrible person?"
Hold a town hall please.
Why can't you work with Dems on a bill that actually improves healthcare? Grow a pair and work with your colleagues.
That statement makes 0 sense. There are obvious many complexities to it, but bottom line is less PA citizens will have #Health #CBOSCORE
You so unabashedly and blatantly have zero regard for your HUMAN constituents. What is wrong with you?
This is a bald-faced lie. Your marketing for BCRA isn't working, and you should be ashamed of yourself for trying to dupe us.
Around 6% of PA residents will lose coverage. That's too many.
I don't think that I would believe anything you say @SenToomey.
How are people supposed to sign up for medicaid when trumpcare reduces funding for it?  do you think your constituents are that dumb?
@SenToomey will personally pay all your health care costs that are no longer covered under TrumpCare that were previously covered under ACA
.@SenToomey Where will you be over the 4th of July recess so you can explain why you support this bill to your constituents? Let us know!
THE VOTE HAS BEEN POSTPONED KEEP EMAILING CALLING AND TWEETING
Too bad you just got re elected...AND to think you are throwing poor and middle class PA people who VOTED for yu, under the bus..SHAMEFUL!!
You LIE !!You are going to rip away healthcare and raise premiums and lower benefit !! HOW IS THAT "BETTER CARE"..Trojan Horse for tax cut!
.@SenToomey How can you live with yourself?  Where is your compassion?  (Any women on your senior staff?)
You lie, Pat.
I don't give a rats *** what your statement is. The legislation is bad for Americans unless you are super rich. The AMA is against it.
The #LiarInChief has emboldened the GOP to just flat out lie and say what ever they want. This is not normal! 
#byebyePat
It's not about them forgoing medicaid, it is about medicaid not having proper funding. This is cold blooded and spineless.
You are appallingly evil as is most GOP WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY AS THE PARTY TO COMMIT GENOCIDE ON IT'S PEOPLE
Your constituents pay and voted you in office, but no courtesy in having a #townhall?  #Disgraceful
Your language indicates that the CBO is in some way partisan. Why in this situation do you not trust info from this office? It works for you
Ok. So how many people will lose coverage by your projections?
Of course you will try and minimize the CBO findings....  the Same thing you all complained that the Dems did.
Why should I read what you say when you don't listen to what your constituents say? How many phone calls have you gotten about this bill?
I don't want a redraft or another iteration of this bill but one passed with Democrats for the good of the people, not for the rich.
Have a townhall. Deal with your constituents. We dont want this crap. And we dont believe you,facebook chat man. Get a backbone & answer us.
#yourkillingamericans
Tried to call you at 610 -434-1444 but your machine is broken  VOTE NO
And what are the conclusions reached by the CMS Office of the Actuary? Could you share those? They are not available on the CMS website.
Please work on a better solution than trumpcare. We deserve better.
you are a farce, and your lack of compassion and basic logic are astounding. STEP DOWN.
When you wake up and put on your human skin does the demon inside you ever wonder why you choose to be who you are?
You're just not believable Pat. You squandered your reputation sidling up to Trump. You align with a loser you become a loser. McGinty up.
Coming soon: A petition demanding your resignation. I know it's not binding and that you have no honor, but, why not?
Resign. You are now pushing a message of alternative facts. Just go work for your paymasters. You don't actually care for Americans.
please vote no on the new health care bill in the senate.  Concerned Philadelphian
Well your stinkin bill is blowing up in your face! Your values do not jive with America- maybe Putin can get you a job!
Kinda weird how u only find CBO scores questionable &  based on "dubious assumptions" only when they don't support your wish for tax cuts.
Your support of the BCRA is based on 'dubious assumptions' also. Why don't you give up your cushy insurance and see how it feels.
What's questionable will be my fiancee's ability to get MS meds under BCRA. Bad for her health, our family's future plans, and the economy!
TAX breaks for the 1%. More hardship for the lower classes. There are good promises, and bad ones. You don't care about PA people.
CBO does not make "dubious assumptions." You're looking out for billionaire buddies only. HAVE A TOWN HALL.
It's still a "discussion draft" but the plan is to vote in the next 3 days?
Saw your lying lips. You can parse but we're not stupid enough to believe you. Tax breaks for rich while killing the poor. That's your plan
You truly are a party parrot. The reason people will forego Medicaid is because it won't be available to them. It won't be by choice.
It's crap! And so R U.
Please stop acting like this is anything except throwing poor people off of medicaid so that billionaires can be richer.
Beyond disappointed in your willingness to overlook the truths of this devastating bill. HC down, costs up -you call this sustainable? #BCRA
Sir you need to stop lying you are just giving your rich friends a tax break #coward #liar
BS  U ARE GONE
Everyone is lying but you and the @SenateGOP members who crafted this "meaner" bill in secret? Shocking.
In other words, "Screw the mentally ill, the poor, the elderly, the addicted, ...." Just so you can line the pockets of the rich. @PennLive
Yes, @USCBO is dubious when you don't agree with them. Bottom line: You are a liar. #SaveTheACA #RealPA  Come talk to us at #ToomeyTownHall
You sir are employee of the people of Pennsylvania VOTE NO it's what WE want
If you can't dazzle them with footwork baffle them with BS.  Not a surprise that yet another rubber stamp by Toomey.
You and the BCRA are misguided, and your children will be stuck with your decisions as a senator. So will my daughter. Vote against BCRA.
Stop lying and caring about your lobbyists! You represent US! Do the right thing for us here in PA! GOP becoming party of death for people!
If you like your job, Senator, you had better come back to moderate politics!
You keep repeating GOP rhetoric. Say it enough, you might even believe it yourself.
Once again...care to discuss direct impact on seniors? Of course not. You know more than AMA,AARP & AHA. Right???
You should be ashamed that you are responsible for this. Pennsylvania will NEVER forget this Toomey.
Nothing personal, but I really hope you're voted out of office.
Please stop tweeting and go back in the basement with the "Men Only" gang and fix this horrible #Trumpcare bill. Also sign u n ur family 1st
Waiting till I can vote you out
When's your #Pittsburgh town hall planned so you can face your constituents & explain in person how this is so much better? @TuesdaysToomey
And how many millions will no longer qualify for Medicaid as you gut it & shift to individual states to give tax breaks to the wealthy?
Consumer driven solutions will not work, there is no room for commercial profit incentive the delivery of a basic human right.
Shame on you,putting party before people.
What happens to Joe Smith who buys a "cheaper" policy that doesn't cover  drugs or cancer or ER visits when he gets diabetes?
"Better Care"? The name of the vile act is so purposely erroneous, but we are not fooled, and you ought to be ashamed.
What happens to Joe Smith who buys a "cheaper" policy that doesn't cover  drugs or cancer or ER visits when he's diagnosed with cancer?
You work for US senator. Stop #DeathCare YOU have decided Koch money is more important than become a murderer. #TheRealDeathPanel
What happens to Joe Smith who buys a "cheaper" policy that doesn't cover  drugs or cancer or ER visits when his child breaks her leg?
What happens to Joe Smith who buys a "cheaper" policy that doesn't cover drugs or cancer or ER visits when his wife gets pregnant?
A middle class person will need to spend 40% of their income on healthcare based on CBO estimates!!
