Who pays for the candy?  While women are worried about their healthcare!  Get your priorities straight!
John and Kira's is the best chocolate PA (Philly) has to offer. https://www.johnandkiras.com 
good thing you're covered by government health insurance paid for by my taxes while you're eating candy all day.
you know what would be "sweet?" Actually having a town hall in the largest city in the state you represent.
is that what you were sent to Washington to do?
I mean you're looking to defund vital healthcare & abandon the poor & disenfranchised but let 'em eat chocolate right? @SenToomey @CandyUSA
This is a really selfish tweet.  Why won't you answer your phone?
Most of the "PA Candy" is now made in Mexico.
Can't deal with menstruation. Lives for the candy desk. Are you even old enough to vote? #ultraviolet
Old enough to know better-shameful lack of empathy andl sense of privilege.
Glad to know the Koch Bros bought you the candy seat.
can I have some?! Currently on my menstrual period and chocolate sounds delish
Senator, don't listen to these naysayers!  A bit of humor is good.
#doyourjob and insist on SAME STANDARDS that were required of democrats 8 yrs ago
Sugar industry blamed FAT to divert attention from its role in Heart Disease, #1 killer in USA.
How about you instead support your constituents? #TuesdayswithToomey
More important: #Senate will squash healthcare #ACA & women's health @PPFA & put $8 billion into a stupid wall. Useless.
Oppose this !% thief
Only thing that would make it sweeter is if you vote AGAINST Betsy DeVos. Billions of children will thank you.
I am STLL waiting for a response from your office on my inquiries.    Focus on constituent questions NOT candy.
I like candy too.....but now it's time to get to work. We've been hacked by the Russians - are you concerned?
Less candy and more healthcare. Please.
My friend Liam (new dad!) can't eat candy because he's a diabetic. How are you going to help him if the ACA is gone?
Is this how you waste our time and money while supposedly working for all people?
You could actually do your job and not defund the American people instead of tweeting about candy.
We should've elected Willie Wonka to the Senate! 
Do your REAL job...Stand up to #ComradeTrump
be more out of touch, seriously.  Are you aware that people's lives literally rely on the votes you make?
That's not all we will be full of during ur next term.
How much of a kickback do you get from Hershey and the NCA for that tweet? Can I have some?
cause this is pretty frivolous for someone whose vote holds the power of life or death.  You know that, right?
.@SenToomey @CandyUSA - That's great news! I'm currently menstruating and always crave chocolate. We can snack and talk reproductive rights!
Are you about to start your period, too? Period twins!!
I could use some candy, seeing as how i'm about to start menstruating.
Don't choke on it
as a woman in PA I find it pretty unsettling that you're tweeting about candy when my reproductive health is at stake
Millions of Americans who will no longer have health care will be happy to hear that.
Can I have some? My period is next week, so that should be enough time to get it in the mail.
Ah yes, the important issues.
Enjoy it while it lasts, sucker- doubt you'll be re-elected when you're this blatantly out of touch.
try Clorox filled chocolate... delicious
Oh good-because the Senators will still have their dental and health care, won't they. How insensitive can you be?
Since u have a  sweet seat can u help me @TerriZezza get a job w/the State? I passed my test I need to work. HELP!
I like to eat candy when I am menstruating! Chocolate please!
Fantastic!!! 
I hope the people getting diabetes from all that candy don't rely on the #ACA.
Maybe you should occasionally take phone calls from your constituents?
Be on the right side of history. Country before party. Make wise and moral decisions.
if we promise to bring chocolate will you have a town hall in SEPA?? #TuesdayswithToomey
A smug, thoughtless tweet considering what PA residents & Americans are facing when your party guts #ACA. #coward
really? Russians hacked us and you're talking candy? wTF? Do your job. Eat candy on your free time
@ResistanceParty How much does Robert Asher (PA elector/owner of Asher's chocolate, charge the senate for candy?
now THAT'S friggin important, worthy of your salary.
talking about candy & YOUR sweet life while YOU will strip millions of Americans of their healthcare? Deplorable
Really, really twitter worth msg Pat
Inappropriate behavior considering what we are facing. #NotMySenator @SenToomey
. @SenToomey @CandyUSA Cheerleading #PA candy when many lives are at stake in the vote for #ACA? Where are your properties, Senator? #fail
really, you're tweeting about candy?
Candy!?! What are you doing about Health care? Russian interference? DT's unethical cabinet noms? His business conflicts?
You're hiding on your office with doors locked.  You are a criminal. YOU WORK FOR ME!!!  #theresistence
time to tweet about candy but not respond to anything of substance! Embarrassing
please take care of all the people with disabilities in PA and the country. Don't gut #ACA
: Trumpcare and  @CandyUSA, what a horrible combination! Diabetes in every pa town and city. From your constituent
Really! ELEPHANTS COMING THROUGH THE WINDOWS AND Your TALKING ABOUT CANDY! OMG ANOTHER WASTING POLITICIAN GREAT!
Constitutional carry too
don't listen to these liberals. People who work for their benefits should have them cheap, and readily available.
we all work for our benefits only to have crooks like Toomey take it all away from us and line his own pockets
You think it's sweet to gut social services? Sweet that PE is conflicted EVERYWHERE? We are holding you accountable.
don't you have better things to do? US Intel is being grilled, & ACA is valued by constituents.
. Best wishes!
Yes Hersheys. Hecho en Mexico
Fill the dish with Hershey kisses! #goPA
We will expect better than this fluff come Jan 21. Get to work! https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/clientsum.php?id=D000027831&year=2016 …
Good grief- stay out of Trumps way
You're tweeting about a Candy Desk? Seriously?!  How about taking healthcare from millions? #Russia or #Sessions? Good grief.
Thinking it is payoff to Robert Asher, owner of Asher's Chocolats.
please think of those with pre-existing conditions as you debate the ACA.
Supporting AG? Will you demand that all records are submitted and scrutinized? He called it a felony prior to not submit all.
how  perfect for a PA Senator! I think you will be quite popular!
