You mean since President Obama left the White House and the current disaster walked in. Try working for us
What a change in philosophy. Why couldn't you feel that way 8 years ago when Obama was President. Maybe we could have gotten something done.
You have a 100% voting record with a psychopath. What does that make YOU?
Pat is nothing more than a bought and paid for whore of the GOP.
Toomey loves Trump.  Supporting Toomey means supporting Trump.  We need rid of both.
Well, your current plan sucks. PA doesn't have the type of people who would benefit for any of those tax cuts.Don't forget the avg people
Not revenue neutral? Huh. What made you change your mind? Was it that now the tax breaks are going to the rich?
DeVos money changed his mind. This swine would sell his own kids to the highest bidder.  Toomey has no shame or soul.
Economy is in one of longer expansions in history. Your plans will bring an end to it
Yeah cuz Obombers doubling the debt was the way to go while putting working class American in the shit tank. Regans tax cuts doubled tax rev
hope you know difference between debt doubling while you happen to be President and causing the doubling to happen. Not same thing
I hope you can understand spending more then every other president in history combined. Money printing ponzi scheme.

Get ready for 8 yrs
not true. Adj for inflation & accounting for inherited recession, he increased govt spend lower % than any president since hoover.
We are not going to let you hide on the issue of @POTUS tax proposal, Pat. This plan will hurt most PA residents. We expect you to say NO.
Pat will say yes.  He's a spineless coward.
Did you actually make that patently stupid statement? If so, you need to go back to Head Start and learn how things work.
No tax reform until the president releases his taxes.
You love to announce everyone you speak to...except you remain silent about your own constituents.
You need to fight Trumps policies They are bad for US Save the net Protect our privacy Stop big oil from destroying our beautiful country!
Screw that.   When are you holding a real townhall?
You look absolutely ravaged. Is it from tuning down all those town hall meetings?
Big deductions for the rich who knows for the middle class you know trickle down doesn't work don't lie it's unbecoming
You have time for CNBC but no time for constituents.  You suck.  A lot
I am pretty sure no one missed you talking about things that you do not know about.
However, come on down to Aliquippa we want our town hall
Economic recovery?! Are you stuck in 2008?
Unless you have a black President. Then it MUST include revenue. Or draconian cuts.
Where have you been for EIGHT YEARS?  This plan rewards no one but wealthy individuals.  Corps don't pay 35% now!
Big tax cut for the rich, a huge increase in the budget deficit, no economic impact  just like Regan and W and Kentucky #TrumpTaxPlan
After 8 years of Obombers money prinring extravaganza Dims think fighting middle class tax cuts is going to get them votes in 2018..
If you don't speak up against @POTUS bad tax plan, we will vote you out of office. Just ask @RickSantorum  . . .
The economy has continued to grow (thanks to obama) from the swamp the GOP created w/Bush. Please leave it alone. And women while your at it
How about you tax richest 1% until they cry; then spend trillions on much needed #infrastructure ? #taxreform Oh, & bravo for past tense.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT ECO RECOVERY IS. ECO GROWTH HAS BEEN SOLID 2% FOR 7 YRS. REMEMBER BUSH, FANNY MAE, LOSS OF HOMES, 10% UNEMPLY???
YOU HAVE HAD 8 YEARS OF RECOVERY AFTER BUSH SOLD AMERICA OUT TO WALL ST ...REMEMBER????!!!! FANNY MAE & COMPANY????!!! REMEMBER???!!!!
Senator we voted to stop deficit spending.  Tell me where we will make up the lost tax revenue?  Stop being a Trump lapdog
Another weasel move behind a microphone where we can't challenge you. When are you going to grow a set of balls and actually meet with US???
Oh you mean killing the little people.  Geez sorry I missed it.
Sir please explain the math of the budget and tax breaks and then tell me how GREAT this economic recovery will be.
The best chance we have for economic recovery is to remove you and the #GOP from the process
You've been bought. Why don't you find out what your constituents think and then follow it
Let me guess, it involved lining your pockets with more "donations"... You're a disgrace Pat!
Town. Hall.
Giving a 20% tax break to the 1% will not work, trickle down has been proven wrong many times. Pick ppl over party 4 once & town hall please
How can we pass a tax cut bill without having seen the president's taxes? How can we be sure he won't unfairly benefit?
Do away with the estate tax !!!
You look tired, good thing you're moving to protect your healthcare and not anyone else's. Hold a town hall and do your job or resign
So more tax cuts and elimination of financial regulation so we can have a repeat of the great recession. Huh.  Just like early Bush.
No on the new healthcare bill. You guys are exempting yourselves? Must be really bad. I live in the same town as you, represent me!
Seems math is not one of your strengths. Tip you can't get more by subtracting.
While some citizens are struggling, our economy is already recovering. You'd better hope this plan expands, not contracts, the expansion.
You are the Donald Trump of Senators. The only things PA residents hate more than you are Donald Trump and Penn Dot. #yourefired
I would benefit from tax cuts BUT the economy is fine. Our people need skills. Adding to the deficit screws our kids more. Immoral!!
So glad I missed it.  Anything you propose only benefits wealthy.  'Member when you sold our internet privacy rights for $146000.  Fun huh
Your plan to halt the economic recovery already in place?  Your cronies need to squeeze more from govt teet while the rest of us struggle?
You must be going to benefit from @realDonaldTrump 's tax "plan" bigly!!!
...as long as it benefits the donor class who give you so many big fat checks to be 45's #1 yes-man. #RealPA 19003 #TrumpTaxPlan
Then how are you planning on paying for all of the increases in spending?
The Trump plan will EXPLODE the deficit. And "trickle down" has NEVER worked. You may be deluding yourself-- but you're not fooling us!
Wouldn't want to miss your media appearances! Since we can't have a town hall it's our only chance to hear from you!
crawl back in your hole. Pa is sick of you.
Was it one with no detail on cost? Hope so!
Of course we missed it. By design.
BOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
