Hamburg? Are you aware that there are a few people who would like to see you in PA? You remember PA, right?
VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE!! YOU ARE VISIBLE!!
please have a heart and keep Medicaid as is
Students in service academies, like all soldiers and YOU, receive evil government funded health insurance.
It is not moral to convince young people to give up their lives for rich old men.  Peace for all.
When will you have a town hall meeting on health issues in Delaware county ???
I am not an outside  agitator . I live in Delaware County PA
where is what your doing for public education? Where is the parody? You favor the wealthy. Not all of PA = wealth
why do u avoid your constituents with alacrity
then why did you vote for horrible DeVos? You don't care about Pennsylvanians
All we have to do is look at your voting record. All for the rich. No on civil rights. No for women advancements
yet you won't hold a face to face town hall...shame on you!
That is great. My father grew up in Hamburg. Any chance you will have  townhall in Philly?
this better be Hamburg pa . I'm not paying for you're corrupt ass to go on a European vacation !  # youareafraud
he is in Hamburg looking for his misplaced backbone
@PAGOP @RepCharlieDent When's Pat holding an open town hall, not carefully staged safe" photo op? I'm a PA voter and want to know
why don't you hold a town hall in Philadelphia.
both of you sicken me! Do nothing toomey and Dent who changed party to get elected
We need to keep this for the so old Veterans don't have to go without food.
How the Rich Gain and the Poor Lose Under the Republican Health Care Plan https://nyti.ms/2nEi4DT 
how about talking to the people in Pa?  We voted you in and can vote you out!
and we will vote you out.  But first we have to make you a lame duck
Toomey and Dent. Two obstructionists who hold PA and the USA back in every way.  These 2 fossils need to be REPEALED AND REPLACED NOW!!
is opposing the ACA repeal bill. Are you, @SenToomey? Still waiting for your first break from Trump!
I hope none of them become reliant on the gov for assistance in the future, because they'll be totally screwed.
you want to see interested people hold a town hall
Why won't you meet with us, your constituents!!!????
Your half hearted, pathetic defenses of tRump are making you complicit in his incompetence & likely his treason.
don't sell Pennsylvania out if you back Ryan and trump that's no good and you lost my vote and respect
INVESTIGATE THE LIAR IN THE WHITE HOUSE!
why is Tillerson going to Russia and not supporting NATO?
answer your phones and have town hall meetings you are not representing your constituents
I am alive because of Obamacare don't repeal it.
25% of hospitals will close and tens of thousands of jobs lost including my own if you vote yes for Trumpcare
we need a bipartisan investigation and special prosecutor to look into Trump Russia
If the collusion allegations are true, what will the damage be to our country?
Whose interests does a divided NATO serve? Or a divided Europe? Are you concerned for our influence in the world?
We like you Charlie, keep your distance, unfortunately--judged by the company you keep! Ugh!
How about hosting a real town hall meeting sometime before hell freezes over?#TuesdayswithToomey
come 2022 you'll be out of a job
glad to see you're alive since you don't answer your phone or meet with your constituents. Had me worried
Fools. Who would want this commander in chief. You are fodder to him kids.
better than seeing your constituents, amiright?
Please post the times, dates, and locations of townhalls ASAP. Your constituents wish to speak with you.
How about a town hall?  Cowards.
Thanks for responding to the topic of my email. If you read it or you'd know the subject was different.
Watch any hearings today? Ready to stand up to Trump yet?  Of course not.
hope you grabbed em by the pussy! Keep fighting for your party, not all Americans. U both r disgraceful
Shake their hands now before your party sends them off to war.
While in Germany apologize to chancellor Merkel for Trump's disgraceful behavior in joint press conference?
.    Sen. Toomey, you need to interact with PA constituents via local town hall meetingsl
Looney--go back in your hole.
You need to block this #SCOTUS nomination while @POTUS is under investigation. Do Your jobs or B replaced!
Charlie, you need to keep better company!
"Come see how politicians can get you killed under the guise of an education!"
Yet the Nazi party henchmen Toomey can't be found in western Pennsylvania... 6 more yrs of cri
Toomey who?
When Trump drags them into war, they won't be so interested.
On a day like today, of such import, and possibly historic, you look exceedingly trivial. Not a proud moment.
Any news on that town meeting Pat?
Block Gorsuch
Oh, there you are Toomey!  It's like where's Waldo with you.
fine, but It's more important that you have a Town Hall to answer constituent's questions & hear their concerns.
I hear you're not running for reelection.   At least that's what your office is saying.  It shows.
Did you tell them the harrowing tale of how you have avoided being captured, and forced to do a town hall?
try meeting or at least responding professionally to constituents.  Your staff is useless. #onthetaketoomey
Pat how's your Mom? She was in those commercials where you said you would never turn your back on the elderly???
do they have to be fluent in russian prior to enlisting?
If you care so much about our military, maybe you should vote to support services that care for veterans.
no town halls though! 
Did you tell them the GOP will abandon them the moment they are no longer needed?
@SenBobCasey Is Toomey in the Special Ed section of the Senate? He has nothing important to be concerned about
See you're finally out of hiding--maybe you should be paying closer attention to your constituents. #NoOnGorsuch
Do you support PBS Bigbird, sesame street programming?
Do you support better phone access for the Senate?
Why won't you meet with your constituents?
because you didn't vote for him!
WHAT is you position on healthcare and the budget?
Then on Monday, Toomey ignored an FBI investigation of a POTUS he supported & the GOP theft of a SCOTUS seat 
.@SenToomey what's your response to the confirmation of FBI investigation into Trump-Russia ties?
oh or @SenToomey u r alive? Is ur office taking phones calls?
But you can't make it to a town hall meeting?  Who do u think u work for? Who pays your salary?  U should be ashamed of yourself.
But you can't meet with voters in a Town Hall?! So is Russian being taught to these students? #ComeyHearing
the two of you need to make a trip to Allentown. Funny how you've been asked to do a townhall here but won't!
Now? No comment about what's going in OUR NATION'S CAPITAL? Chicken! #russiagate
Hopefully in 2022, those students will be able to vote you out of office. #AnyoneButToomey2022
and you still refuse a town hall.
