hey idk here's an idea... Answer your damned phones? If you get reelected then there's something else going on. YOU SUCK
I hope some poor intern has to relay all this hate you get. You deserve it 100%. DO YOUR JOB

@SenToomey, a "tele-town hall" is not a town hall. Please come talk w/us on person, prove you're no chicken  #TuesdayswithToomey 
Our"Money talks, bullshit walks" Sen. expounding on Y it's ok to sell his vote to the highest bidder. Taxation w/o representation
Will you show up at the town hall Tonight?
#toomeytowall
#withorwithoutyou
are you too afraid to meet with your constituents?
#toomeytownhall
#withorwithoutyou
I wonder. Would a man of faith see you as a slave to the temple moneylenders?
#toomeytownhall
#withorwithoutyou
you have quite a home town state VET Hero from Honsedale who has a brain tumor and PTSD he is my husband Edward Quinn
That is more often than your constituents will meet you. You sell your vote while hiding from the people. #realPA
#toomeytownhall
#withorwithoutyou
This letter sent to 

Trump,
Plaid Mattis,
Governor christie,
Paul Ryan
Reince Priebus

rand paul
David vitter
richard shelby
have one honorable day in you're miserable life and RESIGN!
scotter walker

jeb bush
Rex Tillerson
wolfblitzer

etc.
Unfortunately you haven't bothered to meet your constituents face to face in a town hall meeting. We vote in PA.
Townhall!
#toomeytownhall
#withorwithoutyou
Do you think the profit motive in the prison system creates conflicts of interest? And therefore injustices? #peoplebeforeprofit
Why does @SenBobCasey have the courage to stand against the most dangerous POTUS ever, and you don't?#ProfilesInCowardice
Michael supported human rights. Do you? PA residents would like to hear from you, in person, on topics like human rights.
Please announce the time and location of your town halls. We want to interact with our "representative"
so nice to hear from you again. A gentle reminder only 1352 days until we vote you out of office. Tick-tock 
#toomeytownhall
#withorwithoutyou
Moral superiority? Bullshit.
Michael's wife is an artist who was greatly supported by  her husband. Do you support funding the NEA?
Two words: Town Hall.
Hey!!! You going to meet with your PA people this week or what?? Other Repubs had the courage.
Could you spend some of Devos' bribe money on a better telephone answering system?
if you can tweet, you can town hall.
#toomeytownhall
#withorwithoutyou
What would he think of your failure to protect our democracy and our schools? DO BETTER! Protect public ed and NO WALL
I THINK YOU MEAN FASCISM. THAT IS WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE. TOMB BEE.
Mike lee
Ted Cruz

john Mccain
macro rubio
pat toomey
roger wicker
jimmy Fallon

Tom Cruise
john boozman
john hoeven
roy blunt
you don't get to tweet and completely avoid your constituents-  grow a spine! people have questions that need to be answered ASAP
my 29 y.o. son is 2.5 yr clean due to monthly $1000 medicine. Will u ensure addicts receive coverage? #ToomeyTownHall
When are you going to be in your Philadelphia office?
so far I have not welcomed any of your endorsements #betsy DeVos
Too bad you don't give a crap about the children of this country or the People of PA who will be voting you out- Sell Out
Please have a town hall this week since you are "off" on "District Week", meaning "visit your Districts". Mtg is OK by the phone
Take a cue from @RepWalterJones and support the Russian investigation into. We need the honest truth to protect our democracy.
You refuse to be at town hall mtg on Feb 21?  Did you spend the 2.5 million from Wall Street as reported in Morning Call?
. Do you similarly regard our president as a good and gracious man?
I wonder if you are also defending the free and independent press.
can't wait to vote you out of office. You have failed the people of PA
Conservative Review's scorecard has you listed as 59%.
An F! You gotta do better than that sir!
So interesting to see why you resurface these days. Photo ops. Ops for attention. You embarrass PA.
After the rally and the press conference it is clear Trump is not competent - when will you do your job and impeach him?
the nuns would say that you give"lip service" but have no follow up. You care about you and not the state .
when are you having a town hall? You're on break this week.
I can't wait to vote your lazy, ineffectual, ass kissing ass out.                          Love, Terri and Pennsylvania.
how much did Mr Novak donate to your campaign to earn a meeting? Your constituents are curious how much they need to raise.
Your A Tool!
you two have something in common... You're both ghosts. Why don't you man up and hold a town hall you grin-f*cking nothing.
How about you meet with your constituents even once?
I am not seeing much moral superiority in anything coming from Congress
it's alive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so disappointed in you
when's your next town hall? face your constituents like a man
Indeed, would be nice if in his honor we could try democratic capitalism in the US, instead of crony capitalism that afflicts us.
--very nice sentiment. NOW ANSWER YOUR CONSTITUENTS' PHONE CALLS!
you as a judge of moral superiority is just a silly joke.  #onthetaketoomey
you are a huge disappointment.
Read his work again. Carefully note Novak's assertions & evaluate them in light of your own behavior: you are a disappointment.
You'd better be thinking about what your next job is gonna be. @MMFlint @daylinleach @lisa_longo @delilahfrontal @SenBobCasey
Uhhh, I think Jesus would like to have a word with you about the so-called "moral superiority" of capitalism.
you should not just honor him you should emulate him!!
I am a constituent.  Will you be in your Philly office next week?
there's a Facebook page devoted to Senator Patrick Toomey should be fired. You're an inspiration ...
You voted for Scott Pruitt, muthafuka
You voted to take Park lands and give it to billionaires, muthafucka.
how could you be so stupid and block vote everything they are ramming down our throats?
show your honor by fighting against corporatism. Taking big donors out of govt as well as unfair distribution of wealth & power.
you need to do a better job of supporting democracy
Maybe it would be a good idea for you to emulate Sen Michel instead of offering a patronizing eulogy.
anyone you sladmire cannot be good
1. Condolences to the Novak family. 2. There's a book that takes issue w/your moral superiority comment. http://www.biblestudytools.com/ 
so, the opposite of you?
look forward to seeing u at the townhall meeting on 2/21 @630pm
Sen Toomey won't show ...
You dishonor him with your support of Trump, and governing based on your corruption and greed.
moral superiority are two words that should never come out of your mouth. Democracy hater are better words for you.
Unless it's prefixed with "I don't have a single ounce of..."
People people people, clearly he doesn't care about the country let alone PA! Rep. Rubber stamp! That's all he is.
Is democratic capitalism 1 person=1 vote, or 1$=1 vote?
Democracy=political system, capitalism=economic system. The economy should serve society. You suggest that society serves economy
. Do you regard fraudulent mortgage documents resulting in foreclosure and eviction to be democratic capitalism? #Mnuchin  #fraud
Phone townhall meetings. - Cowardly way out! Can't wait til election time!
How's that $58,500 from DeVos doing for you?
Unfortunately Toomey was just voted back in.  He's safe now,  so he openly doesn't give a shit.
democratic capitalism is a contradiction in terms. Only the strong survive under capitalism.
Are you the official OBIT man now? Not what we PAY YOU to do. DO YOUR JOB by listening to your constituents. Enough misdirection!
Pennsylvania lost a PA Senator with values too, a long time ago. A scoundrel and a coward
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump democratic capitalism is in danger. But you're ok w/that, as long as he signs tax cuts, O'care repeal
I wonder how he'd feel about a human's right to health care. Or about Jesus' directions to us on refugees and those in need...
