I'm so sorry you didn't get to decimate medical care for millions of disabled people tonight. You must be really sad.
I'm so sorry you want a govt takeover over of the Healthcare system. Just be real and say it instead of prey on disabilities. #CharlieGard
http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWHC/Fam/2017/972.html … decision had nothing to do with single payer. What are you people smoking? It was a child welfare case
The court system would have never been involved. But since they PAY for it, then they make decisions. You're a paid troll!!!!
Sorry, cost was not a concern, the decision was made under the children's act on child welfare basis.
The children's act on welfare basis sounds horrible. Have fun believing the govt is smarter than you!  Bye!
Ok, so you support a decision where parents, say, believe making a satanic sacrifice would cure child in principle,  parents know best?
Never! I'm sorry you trust govt to make decisions more than yourself!  Bye!
Lots of obvious, no action.
Facts matter:Pa. Insurance Chief Says Low Premium Rate Requests Show State's ACA Market 'Is Stabilizing' http://khn.org/NzM1Njcw  via @khnews
So happy that your vote didn't matter. We'll remember you at the polls

I'll sum it up for everyone; "Dear Pennsylvania, I hate you. Love Sen. Toomey"
I imagine U have no comment. U want to do nothing and provide no insight. Just vote party and pocket. #carpetbagger
We hear you.We will remember the anxiety & fear you caused for so many of your http://constituents.Work  together and fix the existing system
Thank you @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain for helping #KeepCancerKidsCovered
NO ON GRAHAM-CASSIDY
Yeah Pat you are truly evil   How would you like your healthcare taken away? #repealandreplcetoomy
Any comment on this letter from PA Gov Wolf? http://tinyurl.com/yag8uyty  Who DID you consult with on the Horrible AHCA, Attila the Hun, Hitler?
fix the health care! it doesnt need replaced.
do you not get your bonus check from the Koch bros now or something
fix the healthcare we have ..not make it worse you #Traitor #Jagoff #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
If this was the best replacement you could come up with you should give up and work on improving the ACA
What a collosal waste of time. Make no mistake, @SenToomey is a lockstep #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy.
shut up Toomey. You're not willing to listen to your constituents, so we're not willing to listen to you.
You have job security. You have unlimited funds You don't need to work. You don't understand the needs of your constituents.Hold a town hall
Nice comment.  You speak as if in the 3rd person.  You have lost my vote.
What are you going to do when your term is up?
Glad to see you failed. Wake up and work with dems to FIX THE SYSTEM. Only 3 GOP with balls to stand up to the POTUS
Just work to FIX the ACA don't punish your constituents by repealing it
Make healrh insurance a competitive market.
Btw, I have ACA and it works just fine.
Stop wasting time and come up with a real plan. Tweaking ACA would have been a good start. Admit that you just don't want to pay for thepoor
The only thing that's broken is your ability to act like a real legislator and pass legislation correctly. Again, you will lose in 2022.
Senator, you need to listen to Sen John McCain. It is your responsibility to preserve bipartisanship to check and counsel our POTUS.
Will you set an example by accepting the lowest level & least expensive form of healthcare offered to Americans for you and your family?
You never did anything to fix healthcare. You want to gut Medicaid and give tax breaks to your masters. #profileinCowardice
Please just repeal, do not replace.  Lessen regulations and let the free market take over.
I'm disappointed you represent Pennsylvania.  Do PA a favor resign. #FailingToomey
I am not surprised about the healthcare reform boat. Fix insurance overspending and you will fix healthcare. #mydoctorsareamazing
Why? You're a worthless Koch shill who doesn't give a shit about your constituents. Your Twitter feed will be a goldmine for campaign ads.




Obamacare may not be the best but its better than what was being proposed
So you didn't get to rape us and your sad about it.  We're sad there's no repeal and replace rule in PA. Stop the repeal and Fix PPACA now.
Thank God you failed!! May you continue do do so daily!
How about a town meeting to find out what your constituents really want. Scared?
Heed your wise R colleagues, McCain Collins&Murkowski, launch bipartisan process to craft real healthcare solutions for the people.
Nobody needs to read your statement. You sold your soul to the GOP.
I told you before. You should be ashamed of yourself for even TRYING to take health insurance from people. I salute Sen, Casey.
Pat. Your party had 7 years, 7 (yes that is the correct number), to come up with a GOOD way to do it.
Your party FAILED, FAILED to come up with a good way to do it. After 7 years. What were you actually doing in that time? You are a waste.
What we expect from you is respect for the welfare of your constituents. Start by reining in big PHARM. Life-saving drugs should be FREE.
Why don't you let all of us buy into the Health Care you have with the same subsidies taxpayers give to you!?
But it was a "shell" of a bill, as Senator McCain said. It did nothing to protect people.
we get it. You dont care about the health of non rich pensylvanians

Koch brother allies are arranging to plant questions at town hall meetings to push members of Congress on tax reform https://interc.pt/2veVOV0 
Only thing we in PA are suffering from is a greedy big pharma Closed minded IGNORANT Senator Named  @SenToomey  from a Burned Out Shell
We are disappointed with you Senator for voting for it. Just resign.
Time to propose medicare for all plus Medicaid for the poor! Don't let lobbyists write the bill!
What do you expect from a slimy former wall street lobbyist. That only cares about himself.
Need a "Do Nothing" Bill so CBO re-scores Obamacare. Might help with the scores we've been getting lately....
Put Americans first!  We can't have a vibrant economy without a healthy people unless you do it all with AI & robots.
You're absolutely horrid & heartless! The republicans & the President are actively imploding Obamacare. You think a skinny repeal is Good?
You and your GOP friends are so determined to get rid of that black guy's (Pres Obama)health care, you'll destroy Pennsyvania to do it.

 https://twitter.com/therickydavila/status/878270776016850948 …
YOUR SECRET PLAN - LINDSAY SAID IT WAS TERRIBLE - WITH 4 OTHERS AGREED IF THAT IS THE CASE WHY WOULD YOU COMPLAIN /VOTE WAS ACTUALLY WORSE
Too bad you care more about the desires of a man-child than the needs of your constituents
Please feel free to give up any time - we don't agree with you and want you to go away anyway!
Thank goodness for Sen. McCain!
Senator Toomey, Obamacare is FAR from broken. It could certainly be improved, but not in the way you're probably thinking. #MedicareForAll!
What is life like in that make believe rich guy world of yours?PA residents that u wouldn't meet are thanking God today
Congress shoudl try to fix and make better. It s what the people want. Look and listen. use regular order #SickofWinningYet
Can't believe you support that idiot in the WH, just because he's a supposed Republican. You're both pitiful and so sad. Bigly!
Blah, Blah, Blah.... 7 years of hearing "if you give us the House, Senate, and White House we will fix healthcare." #TermLimts
Your idea of a fix is giving money to your rich friends on the backs of PA's elderly
Senator Aca needs fixed, that being said, if your plan was sooo great why isnt you and yours subject to it!? u r such a disappointment
Senator Pat Toomey is the worst PA has ever had!  Cares NOTHING for needs/desires of his constituents. Shameful.
PA will NOT forget!
It's time to stand up to trump, and do something for the poor and middle class. Stop pandering to millionaires!
Shame on you
You're so out of touch but hope the pay to play money is enough to live on when you're ousted from your seat in OUR senate!
I am disappointed that it is so important for you to make my & hundreds of thousands of Pennsylvanians insurance unaffordable.
Kinda cowardly ... how about holding a townhall ... or answering your phones !
Ok, so try to work across the aisle to repair what exists today.
Most indefensible:49 reps of American ppl working so cynically to defy huge popular+medical org opposition for "win" that wd damage so many.
Have you considered that you could FIX the parts of the ACA that don't work without yanking affordable health care away from many?
We have to read ur statement. U don't meet with constitutes. Can u think for yourself b4 you vote? Maybe @SenBobCasey can teach u to think
Your voting for a pathetically incompetent form of healthcare legislation creation is shameful. I'm ashamed of you as my senator.
No Town Halls and not listening to your constituents - time for you to get booted out when you're up for election. We won't forget. 
IT'S NOT BROKEN. YOU'RE TRYING TO BREAK IT!
How about doing a town hall and shutting up until you actually listen to your constituents?
Party Puppet Pat- your voting on this is pathetic ... and YOU  called Katy McGuinty "SHADY"
Toomey, you're an idiot if you think all Republicans believe your lies. ACA could be better, but it wasn't broken. Lower Costs,Make it best!
We are very disappointed with you. 
But, we can and will remedy that in a few years. 
Now back to work, with Dems, to improve ObamaCare.
I amso disgusted at the lack of the Republicans to be able to get this done. Not voting again for another republican in house or senate.
This vote fortunately takes us one step closer to the end of your term. Stop hoping for collapse and work on fixing it not repealing it.
We need you out of office and then away from public service forever.
Pennsylvanians are thrilled your terrible attempt at repealing the ACA wasn't approved. NOW get to work with Ds to REPAIR the existing law!
Don't be disappointed. Get working with Dems to improve the ACA which is working well in PA, not broken as you falsly state.
Stop the lies Senator! Trumpcare was a death sentence for me & millions of others! SHAME ON YOU!
You are so wrong, Pat. You're the one who needs repealed. You and Orange Twitler & Co. 

Worst PA senator ever.
I can't believe you voted for the repeal bill. I'm going to remember on Election Day.
So if "we" should give up on repeal and replace, what do we do?  Drop those covered by ACA, repeal the safeguards and do nothing?
Yes, Sen Toomey, fix it.  With a bipartisan committee. Repeal and replace was not the ticket.  Work with your senate members together!
The ACA has not collapsed. Nothing stopping you from fixing ACA; that should be a nonpartisan goal. Statement seems only meant to scare ppl.
Oh let me tell you what I was told to say - I am an idiot and will repeat these talking points - my god - do you have any decency - VERY SAD
Why won't you work with the other side on this? Enough with these secret bills in the middle of the night.
The bills you voted for weren't fixing a thing, they'd've killed people. Real people. Read your replies & start working for constituents
The ACA is a market-based plan. If it hadn't been conceived by a black man, you'd be all for it. What a treasonous sack.
ACA IS workng 4, has savd, & will continue 2 save many of us! U just refuse 2 talk 2 us! U r a horrible Sen cuz you wont listn or meet w us.
@SenToomey  Instead of correcting your English paper with a grade of B, you were going to trash it and start over for an F. Way to go!
Shameful performance. Unfortunately for us, that doesn't matter to you - only payment and perks from your @club4growth  buddies does.
Get it through your head... WE DON'T WANT TO REPEAL. How much of your time and our tax $ are you going to waste? Eight years was enough
You need to fix healthcare for all Americans. You cannot pick a segment and fix just their issues. It does work for some and is needed.
So how much do you pay in premiums? How much is offset by your employer (US tax payers)? #healthcare #healthcaredebate
give up your great Gov't healthcare and see what we live with...or let us buy into US Gov't plan - we do pay the taxes #healthcaredebate
Isn't about that time for you to run and hide again for a few months. I will start a drive to fund your airfare.
We are disappointed too, in the impotence that is the US Congress.
I am disappointed that you have given up any pretense of caring about your constituents.
Perhaps if you met with them, you could understand how to represent them better. Just a thought.
You had plenty of time and opportunity to craft a viable and rational alternative. Sadly, even in secret, you were unable to do so.
There's the small problem that the only reason the ACA is collapsing is Republican stonewalling. Your constituents know this.
Be real and put yourself in an average Americans shoes when working, Be a leader do the right thing, not the beneficial thing
Emulate your 3 Republican colleagues--be a statesman, not a politician...work with all to IMPROVE NOT DESTROY
I'm disappointed in you.
You were in the military right? You had to learn to work together to achieve a common goal.. put that ethic to work, we would appreciate it.
Hey all! Use #resistbot to send faxes by text from your cell.  Easy to do & doesn't rely on them picking up the phone. @botresist!
Get rid of Obama care, pay for insurance that you need.
Thanks for voting to ruin our lives and health. Glad you failed.
It's time to join forces with Democrats! Every school kid learns the importance of working together. You can do it! Fix the ACA!
We've been trying to tell you what to do every Tuesday. It's easy! Work with Dems to FIX the ACA.
@SenToomey it's hysterical that you made a statement on saving GE jobs in Erie the same day you vote to strip constituents of healthcare
here's my statement: eat shit, pal.
Text RESIST to 50409
Statement would have been shorter had you just said, I am disappointed with the setbacks and efforts to kill millions of disabled Americans
U know poor Pennsylvanians R better off w ACA & would die wo medicaid. Tax cuts won't create health care. Racist Obama hatred makes U stupid
We overthrew a leader who refused to recognize the necessity of involving constituents back when this great nation was first formed.
Meet with your constituents.
My rates went down $200 a month this year. And I had many companies to choose from. What is he talking about? Oh yeah tax cut for wealthy
Still betting on a liar? Is this chaos what you think is best for our country?
@IndivisibleTeam I remember you. You voted FOR all three versions of #TrumpCare, even though NO ONE supported it.

http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/three-ways-to-fix-obamacare …

Going to answer my own ?s since you never do.
Poor Toomey and Trump.  Two birds of a feather, impotent together.  We need to replace Toomey and get some real leadership.
Set back...I think you mean a defeat?
Compared to what?  When before ACA when hundreds of thousands in PA had no healthcare options?  Repeal is not a fix.
FYI You cannot block people criticizing you.
Unblock Christy Cahill on Facebook, I am YOUR CONSTITUENT

You mean your efforts to give the rich a huge tax cut and pay for it by taking insurance away from the poor, sick and old! Scumbag!
Now maybe you'll focus on FIXING ACA rather than pulling healthcare away from millions of people!
That's ok, senator. Millions of Americans will remain on the ER-and-don't-pay-the-bill health care system you've shoved them into.
seems like 'failed' pertains more to BRCA than ACA, no?
Just as you voted "yes" on that joke of I healthcare bill, rest assured I will be voting "NO" to your re-election.
Just resign. You're in way over your head. Haven't you made enough with your corporate pimping already?
I am disappointed that you want to remove coverage from many of your constituents
Stop trying to make things worse and just fix the broken parts. Tax cuts are NOT the broken parts.
I AM DISAPPOINTED IN YOUR LACK OF LEADERSHIP
That is ridiculous!  You sound as stupid as our President!  You'll never get a vote from me ever!!
Amazing how many people in PA believe what Casey has been spewing.  You have been absent on presenting the true ACA pitfalls - shameful
Just resign. In way over your head. Aren't you rich enough now with your corporate pimping?
All these tweets are better than mine. So I'm just going to type work with the damn dems and give the people better. Do the peoples work!!
You will pay for your  Cowardice.
Your vote this morning to uninsure millions and destroy rural hospitals was disgraceful, and will never be forgotten by the citizens of PA.
We all have our disappointments; mine is your voting for the most secretive tax reduction bill in the false name of health care reform.
Thank heaven there were a few senators from the GOP who had the good sense to look out for their constituents. Too bad you're not one.
Your fellow party members have let America down.
GOP had 7 years to develop better plan and instead pulled an all-nighter. Why?
If the GOP hadn't defunded much of Obamacare, it wouldn't be as bad as it is.
7 years and your best plan was to pass an empty shell of chaos if the house promised not to pass it too. Is that how the GOP governs?
Thank goodness that bill is dead!
Please work across party lines to find the best solution for everyone. One sided legislation, be it R or D, is bad for everybody
Not sad about the result.  Sad that you continually ignore your constituents and vote the party line, screwing the people in the process.
Or you could just work to fix the problems with ACA instead of being locked into repeal & replace. - Love, PA cancer patient.
Your party is united around hatred for Obama and a disregard of people's lives. Keep up the good work! Love, a Philadelphian whom you ignore
Get out of my state you troglodyte
Wouldn't it be nice if you remembered..... acted independently & represented constituents, rather than your big $$ donors?!
