The @nytimes exposed your dishonesty. TrumpCare will actually cause millions of Medicaid recipients to lose coverage
Real town hall with your constitutes!!! 19525
Have you seen this morning tweets where POTUS gave in to Putin on election meddling.  Then tried to get there story straight on DNC hack...
Then insulted 44 and Intel community, then laughed about press coverage with a dictator that murders the press.  Maybe #25AmendmentNow .....
Which side of history are you going to be on.  Keep silent while we are sold out, all for your millionaire taxcut bills
HEALTHCARE UR BILL HARM VETS CHILDREN DISABLED ELDERLY PREEXCOND &THOSE OVER 50
Will pay exorbitant amount for little insurance GETaNEWBILL
Bees are critically important to agriculture. Thanks. Also, please stonewall the current admin. The Russia/US Cyber Committee should chill u
We need all the bees we can get...
Your tweeting about a beehive while also threatening to take healthcare access away from many PA residents? . . . Really Pat.
See the faces of those who want a town hall with you, @SenToomey, on the front page of the @nytimes today?
I hope you realize Mr. Toomey that you just sparked huge controversy. Are those stacked deeps? ...oh boy no one is coming out of this good
Beautiful moment of father and child. Very nice!
Are you supporting treachery? Why is GOP so willing to sell out America? This is outrageous!

@sentoomey thrilled you're raising bees, baffled that they literally have to be in your own backyard to not be "abstract."
Who will be handling these bees and harvesting the honey, etc?  The best honey is to vote against The health care bill.  U will win votes!
I know I give you some grief, but this is cool.  Now, there's a matter of #NatSec involving Russia&POTUS that needs attention. #G20 , ahem.
Did the bees vote for you? Cause you obviously care more about them than your constituents. Bees got your brain, Pat?
posts on the Health care would be better - counter @SenBobCasey postings
This Republican Senator just put you to shame! Stop playing with 's & #DoYourJob you #SpinelessCoward. #NoExcuses!
Half the population of small Kansas town shows up to GOP senator’s health care town hall http://bit.ly/2u4rV9q  
So you're busy saving bees while planning to kick Americans  off of healthcare to give a tax cut to wealthy? Why do bees matter more to you?
I hope your colony is prepared to pollinate the entire state after your GOP pals in the EPA roll back enough regs to kill all the other bees
"its the queen, its the gueen!", is so cute. You might have a future conservationist on your hands there. Always upvote the bees.
TrumpCare is not a legitimate health plan, it is a TAX CUT SCAM to benefit millionaires & GOP's billionaire donors. Vote for Democrats.
You are taking healthcare coverage away from 22 million people and you expect us to care about your bee colony? I hope you get voted out
Don't give a shit about your bees Senator. I care about the thousands of women and children that you are about to kill with your healthcare
How wonderful you are taking care of pollenators. 
Too bad you don't care about the citizens of PA. 
Please resign so we can get a real Sen.
Toomey only wants to appear to take care of pollinators. I bet he'd let bee-killing pesticides go un-regulated in PA
This is an amazing example of connecting the dots. Kudos!
I cant afford the #epipen on trumpcare my family will have no healthcare
How do you know you can't afford the epi pen on trump care it hasn't been finalized? news last year was how outrageous the cost was then
You want  to  kill people  with your  health  care  package  and you  think bees are going to distract  us lol.
Fight like Hell against Trump's "Putin/US Cyber Security Unit". Wth was that about? Unacceptable.
Nice story Senator. Have you seen this one? Why Obamacare’s Loudest Critics Aren’t as Loud Anymore
Maybe the @nytimes can let us know when you're finally going to hold a town hall @SenToomey
Russian state-run bank financed deal involving Trump hotel partner  https://www.wsj.com/articles/russian-state-run-bank-financed-deal-involving-trump-hotel-partner-1495031708 … … via @WSJ
Would love to see some real news from you. Something backed by facts
Who the F cares about your bee's when your destroying health care in PA and the rest of the country???
There's also more collusion w/Trump and Russia, now w/junior trump. This is what we care about. Why do you love Russia more than democracy?
Thank god this was "fake news"!  Glad u r working so freakin' hard to save healthcare for Pa and jobs for the 86,000+ likely to lose them.
19446 would like you to hold a town hall.
hold a town hall please 19086
But can we get s full repel?
Congrats on the bees, @SenToomey . They, at least, can depend on a Republican for health care. What about your constituents?
Never has there been a more tone deaf tweet by you, Senator. PA wants townhalls. PA wants this bill dead. Your hobbies don't concern us.
@SenToomey how do you justify your BCRA bill with the thousands of Americans it will needlessly kill?
Good for you for helping save pollinators! But doesn't change the fact GOP policy is destroying the environment and taking away healthcare.
#TrumpcareWill not pass , #nothankstotoomey
And please stop lying to the people of PA , if you like your bill, be honest about it.
That honey belongs to the bees! @BarryBBenson is about to sue you for stealing his honey
Save human lives. Stop trumpcare.
Bees? Really? Chickens would make much more sense, since you're too chicken to Hold a REAL town hall, not a fake pre-vetted town hall!
No one cares what you do when you're not busy fucking people over.
Cuchi Tribe in Afghanistan had the best raw honey
No one cares. How about a town hall?
Bring your bee friends to the next town hall!!
Hey @GovernorTomWolf should our Senator be playing with bees instead of protecting PA? Help us oust him please!
bees will not distract us from the huge tax cuts for big donors that you've disguised as a health care bill. We're not toddlers 
Thanks Bill I needed that laugh today.
You care more about the bees than your own constituents.
Didn't see this one but I did see the NYT article about how Republicans are telling lies to peddle the health care bill to us. Interesting.
So what's your stance on climate change again?  You would think a beekeeper would be worried and want to take action to save the earth
This is y u don't understand what middle class is or means-U have bee farm $-Do u know how much milk costs? Bread? Formula? #notoomeycare
And btw - we have a POTUS who attacks our democratic institutions and craps on the Constitution daily. He is endangering us. DO SOMETHING!
Just a reminder, Senator - MILLIONS of PA citizens are counting on you to make their lives better, not worse.  VOTE NO on #Weatlhcare
Now, try being progressive on heatlhcare and the budget and protect the good people of Pennsylvania.
Wow, something progressive.  Good job.  We should be promoting this across the country.  We need the bees to survive!
Are you kidding me? YOU did something for the environment? There must be a tax write off in it for you!
#Coward
Looks fun! More fun than worrying about affordable, decent healthcare.
Be careful with those bees. If enough sting you, you may need healthcare, you know, that thing of which you want to deprive ur constituents?
I think it is great you do this, but then why don't you take a stand on saving the environment? Bees are dying
If we expand coverage to  will you protect Medicaid?
I'm so glad you have time for bees, but not for constituents. That bill is atrocious you should be ashamed of yourself! #SinglePayerNow
Beehind?  My autocorrect corrected the spelling 2x's. Good grief
If your constituents dress up like bees, would you start paying attention to us?   Hold a real town hall meeting and start listening to us.
bees  are important. At least now we know what you're doing with all of your time. Perhaps you can make time for those who you serve?
Cool. Here's a behind the scenes look into my medically complex, Medicaid reliant disabled children's latest health crisis. #SaveMedicaid
I'll talk about bees with you, once you kill this #wealthcare bill and resign.
so glad you have time for all these hobbies but no in person town halls with constituents
You cannot be humanized if that's what you're reaching for...not while you're so determined to hurt and even kill so many. #notprolife
Please vote against the new health care bill. I have a preexisting condition, recovering from a heart transplant, can't risk no insurance
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Did you take an oath to protect the bees....like the one you took to protect your constituents?  #SaveMedicaid
You should be a full time beekeeper.
Our "Senator"--proof he spends more time with bees than his constituents.
I watched the video! Now we want action on Expanding Medicaid and retaining the current ACA for Health Care! No more Republican garbage!
But isn't the @nytimes FAKE NEWS?
Seriously, good luck with this and I hope that it makes u and your R colleagues aware of the environment.
Do the world a favor. Spend time with your family... Raise bees... Resign and retire... Your constituents would appreciate it.  #Trumpcare
Don't  a #SpinelessCoward. Meet with us in a real town hall! #DoYourJob or your #PinkSlipIsComing. #WeWillNotForget & will vote you out!
Ain't the liberal press great when they're humanizing senators. Oh, and by the way a "line of work"  actually requires work.
Wait, so you care more about bees than about the voters who elected you?  If we all dress up as bees, will u come 2 Philly for a town hall??
We've seen all the info that refutes ur lies abt horrid AHCA. Kids, elderly, disabled, ppl w/pre-existing conds need ur attention. FIX ACA!
What would you do if you got stung and could not afford an Epi-Pen?
Are you taking the John McCain media training correspondence course? When is your Hollywood movie cameo a la Wedding Crashers?
 

              Toomey:
     Don't cut Medicaid
Cute video, Pat, but some of us are busy trying to prevent you from stripping insurance from 22 million folks to watch videos.
Actually 3/4 lose because they choice not to buy!  Not actually taken, but not being forced!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Hardly anyone cares about your bees.  Millions care about your efforts to destroy healthcare insurance.  #SpinelessFool
That's great. Now, about healthcare....
We don't care about your f'ing bees. Hold a public in person town hall, and STOP threatening our health insurance. #ToomeyTheTool
Seriously? You're about to cut insurance for millions and you're whistling away and playing with bees? "Out of touch" is an understatement..
Kinda busy worrying about healthcare, taxes, Russian interference and why you consistently lie to us ... when u even bother to notice us.
When's your next town hall Senator?
Real town hall.  Not phone-in town hall or tv town hall!
Not a town hall with participants chosen by right-wing Sinclair Media which is buying the channel which broadcast Toomey's gathering this wk
Very cool
Awesome, Pat. How about pushing Scott Pruitt, agribusinesses' mouthpiece, to do something about neonics which are causing CCD among bees?
Your beekeeper fantasy won't distract from the fact that you're trying to steal our healthcare. Also you're afraid of your constituents.
Steal our healthcare?  Very strange way to think!
The only thing buzzing is bbbbbuuulll shit.
WOah! I thought pat was just trying to slash my brother's Medicaid, but wait he has bees now too?! Wow! How in touch!
You know what Pat, you could retire today and do that full time and you and us would be a lot happier
Please don't cut healthcare for millions to pay for $800 billion in tax cuts to the ultra rich.
Someone should show him the Bee Movie. Maybe he would learn about someone else's plight of which he has direct control over. Town Hall too.
No, I've been too busy worrying about whether I'll have healthcare I can afford for the next 5 years until eligible for Medicare.
#NoBCRA
Can try Mediashare!

the side-by-side 

Healthcare Protesters are arrested outside Sen. McConnell's office on Capitol Hill after the release of the #SenateGOP Healthcare Bill. 

Huge protest inside and outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch Mcconnell's office happening right now. 

.@SenateMajLdr is going to kill us! 
Yeah, we did. Resign and do that full time, you taxpayer swindling chump.

Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 
Beeeeeeeeee a better Senator and hold a public townhall.
