PA AND IT'S TEACHERS ASK YOU TO VOTE NO TO DEVOS. OR WILL YOU BE ANOTHER RUSSIAN MEAT PUPPET? LIKE YOUR BOSS?
How do vouchers and charters help our military children? Especially those with IEPs?
please say no to Betsy DeVos
Who's is whom in this picture? We don't recognize Sen T in Philly because he won't visit
he won't visit the lehigh valley either!! #where'stoomey ?
I am disappointed that you lack courage to stand for actual Republican values & have chosen to roll over for this administration.
More like "in bed with". Follow the money.  

RT to Demand Toomey #RecuseYourself
Hope Sen Toomey is ashamed of being a Republican in name only. His constituents see it. Real party affiliation: money
, you could set yourself apart by not acting as this administration's lackey. We both know you're comfortable servicing them tho.
vote NO on Betsy Devos. Vote for what your constituents want not Trump. Be a man  stand up for what is right.
.@SenToomey Another fox-henhouse setup: "Trump Nominee Jay Clayton Will Be the Most Conflicted SEC Chair Ever"
you better not disappoint us.. Stand up for right vs wrong, not popular vs. unpopular amongst your peers & Prsdt
restocking the swamp with turds - WALL STREET CORRUPTION AT ITS FINEST, THanks for nothing, Senator
productive?got a few stock tips?
As PA residents&parents of a student w disabilities,as well as 2college students,I urge you to vote No! on DeVos
I called your office today, but you voice mail is full, hope not a recurring problem as critical to hear from constituents.
voicemail till full!  Inexcusable in digital era when memory not expensive!
If it didn't "produce" the proper desire ..to Just Say No....

Then it was a truly UNprinductive meeting
Which side of history do you want to be on?
Toomey: a real Trumpanzee!!
productive as in "he's going to make you rich while screwing over those is is supposed to be protecting"
vote AGAINST Betsy DeVos for her refusal to stand up for the disabled community in our schools.
destroying #womensrightsarehumanrights and #healthcare
get ready for more thievery and the next financial collapse/bailout
Take a good look at this picture of #CORRUPTION
vote NO to Betsy Devos!
stand up to Trump for us like Senator Bob Casey does
We the people demand that Donald Trump show his tax returns!
I suppose it's too much to ask for you to vote against ANY one of these awful nominees? Yeah. Probably. Grizzly bears and stuff.
The Cabinet nominees are both frightening and unqualified to say the least.
we will remember how you allowed our country to be sold for profit during the next election cycle. #Resistance
Please continue to do what's right and note vote for Devos as Sec. of Edcuation!
DONT BELIEVE A WORD OF IT. YOU AND TRUMP DONT CARE ABOUT THE PEOPLE   TOOMEY  YOUR SILENCE SPEAKS VOLUMES!!
I'm thinking you must agree with the lies from the White House. Haven't heard otherwise.... Is this ok with you?
I'm sure he'll keep the money flowing to your campaigns
stop the photo ops with these disrespectful @realDonaldTrump nominees & listen to your constituents. Break from the party line!
Why do all I see from you is Trump propaganda. Why don't you wake up and work for the people of PA who voted 4u
. Do you support Sessions, DeVos, Pruitt, Carson? If so, you are playing party over competence. Not best for us.
. Goldman Sachs again. Yep, you are draining the swamp. Why were u so upset about Clinton speeches? Hypocrite?
, please give some consideration to the hardworking people of PA who are not wildly wealthy
Are you going to rubber stamp these unqualified nominees?  Stand up for all of your constituents! Vote no! on DeVos
VOTE NO FOR DEVOS. VOTE FOR WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS WANT. SHE IS HORRIBLE FOR EDUCATION AND SHE KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT IT!!!
hahaha how can you vote for someone that says something like that and doesn't understand IDEA
Schedule a town hall. You can't keep ignoring us. We see you, senator. You can't hide forever.
I am a Pennsylvania educator and I say "no" to Betsy DeVos. Unqualified -
Trump campaigned  against Clinton, and Goldman Sachs. Guess he thought he should hire as many as possible..loans
Another Goldman Sachs banker. How many Goldman Sachs bankers needed to change a lightbulb...6, so far
Called twice and emailed but still waiting for a response about #noDevos #educationmatters @NBCPhiladelphia @phillydotcom
No, sir, none of DT's picks are good for PA or the U.S!
Betsy DeVos & Jeff Sessions are unacceptable (cant be trusted to uphold VRA or IDEA). I'm a pa resident.
dear pat. Productive why? Your tweets need improvement.
I can't believe we are stuck with 6 more years of this cartoon character. Is that hair on top of your head?
Did you give him some candy from your "coveted" candy desk?
You're such a suck-up to DJT. It's embarrassing. YOU SERVE PENNSYLVANIANS -- ALL of US!! Not just white men.
when you gonna meet with me?
And? Are you voting for him?
Listen to @SenBobCasey re concerns over DeVos and Pruitt ... TERRIBLE choices for ordinary Americans.
PA has given up on you.
What about DeVos, Sessions, Pruitt?  Shameful and compromised. Trump stamping Toomey.
you guys ready to crash the economy again? Hey, can you give us a head's up. I timed it last time. Wanna repeat
Show us that you care about your ordinary constituents, not just your millionaire, billionaire buddies.
@TeamTrump  @GOP  two examples of the slime in Washington contrasted by it's beautiful granite buildings
you got my vote because @realDonaldTrump please help him #MAGA PA needs so much help & more GOP in cities, counties &stateoffice
Ah yes, one of your old buddies from Wall Street?
Would love to hear more from you about @realDonaldTrump conflicts of interest.
Wouldn't matter to you if he was suspected of insider trading. You'd vote the party line no matter what.
What does that mean? Planning to take all of our money and roll back guidelines for big banks?
