Perhaps they would not have taken the step had there been a vote on Merrick Garland. Tell the whole story in context.
In a historically unprecedented move, the GOP did not even acknowledge Garland. #hypocrite
Mr Toomey please do not act like the republicans are without fault in this. A judge should have picked under Obama your party is no better.
"Unprecedented" was not having hearings for Garland for 293 days. #stolenseat #cogressionalfailure
What about Garland? Now you are crying about the dems? Grow up and act like a real senator.
I'm sick of all of you. You don't care about everyday Americans. You only care about your corporate sponsors.
At least they worked through a hearing. Merrick Garland didn't get that opportunity . . .
Really.  So you would rather of had Garland rejected after a hearing?  BS.  Cry me a river.
In a historically unprecedented move you refused to consider Obama's nominee first. #justbehonest #stoptwistingthetruth
They are using the law unlike you and your party who decide that if you don't like the process you'll disregard the laws.
Wow, actually using Twitter?  Not just announcing some bogus award you paid for.
Was it also unprecedented when mitch McConnell refused to hold a hearing for Garland. That was overt dereliction of duty.
at least Mr Gorsuch had hearings and will get a vote. You didn't extend that honor to Mr Garland.
You are a true disappointment and a rubber stamp republican.
Maybe, just maybe they did it because you REFUSED to even vote on Judge Garland #PotCallingKettleBlack even though I disagree with Dems move
maybe a sign that there were issues with the appointment.
How dare they! You should introduce them to your bribe- uh, I mean donors.
remember Judge Garland? Don't throw stones.
Hold a town hall so you can tell us about it-
They strapped on their depends and filled the room with angry baby talk.  The Dems set a very low bar for future behavior
I'm gonna put this in caps so its easy for you're old ass to read... MERRICK GARLAND
Don't u think thats a bit hypocritical to critique given Jusge Garland's nomination and how you handled it? #tuesdayswithtoomey
I'm sorry, historic? What about the eight years under Obama where Republicans filibustered as a matter of policy? #youareafuckingsnake
Awesome. Should not reward republicans bad behavior-stealing seat.
Yes. We think he sucks.
In a historically unprecedented move @GOP refuses to follow Constitution & hold hearings on a POTUS's SCOTUS pick. #GarlandNotGorsuch
Remember that time Republicans refused to even interview Merrick Garland?
You wouldn't even meet with garland let alone hold a hearing or vote.
Historically hypocritical statement
@SenToomey remember Merrick Garland? Maybe not, since you never even agreed to consider his entirely legitimate nomination. Shame! Sad!
let's not speak of the 300 Plus times repubs filibustered last admin.  All are culpable for divisive congress.
The hypocrisy of your statement is galling
And all of you lying @GOP blocked Garland. You can't have it both ways. You're like little children running around going nowhere.
I can't wait to donate to whatever is running against you when your current term is up.
The shoe is on the other foot now, sunshine
A historically unprecedented move is eliminating all bipartisanship for lifetime appointments and nuking the Senate!  #DoYourJob
in a historically unprecedented move toomey holds a townhall. #justkidding
MERRICK GARLAND. Not even the courtesy of meeting w/ him. Not even a vote. You destroyed the Senate.
Oh how I hope this comes back to haunt to republicans!
Wrong. Not the first.
No, historically unprecedented was not giving Garland a hearing. #FilibusterGorsuch
You are a sheep
NOT UNPRECEDENTED, THE GOP DID IT FOR THE LAST YEAR IN REGARDS TO GARLAND, STOP BEING A LIAR!!!!! LIAR LIAR LIAR
Really, what does historical precedence matter 2U?If any, Ynot push 4Trump2release taxes or 2not have wife's choice2live in NY bankrupt us?
With good reason. He is unfit for office as he allows religion to affect his ruling. We have good memories and wolnt forget your cowardice.
in an historically unprecedented move, the GOP controlled Senate, refused to hold a hearing for a SCOTUS nominee

you tool
That's just an outright lie.
And you wouldn't even put Garland up for an up or down vote. I'm disgusted with the GOP. Change my mind and vote 4 single payer healthcare
Hide behind twitter much?
what did you Republicans do last year with Merrick Garland???
Did you even consider President Obama's choice? No. That in and of itself is unprecedented.
In an unprecedented move the @SenateGOP woudl not give #MerrickGarland a vote! Hypocrites all of you!
In a historically unprecedented move, the LAST Senate refused to even consider Garland. Republican bully gestapo tactics.
What's wrong with you, senator? Short memory span? You didn't give Judge Garland a hearing so spare all of Twitter your nonsense.
No one wants to hear your fake indignation.
You wouldn't even give Merrick Garland a vote. This is the responsibility of the Republicans
As opposed to the GOP completely ignoring Judge Merrick's nomination??? We are not all easily confused and diverted.
What's unprecedented is you blowing up Senate Rules to defend the SCOTUS nominee of a president who is under FBI investigation for treason.
Good riddance to the filibuster. After 8 years of GOP abuse, it's time for it to go.
What about when @SenateGOP wouldn't give a hearing to a Merrick Garland last year? Was that historically unprecedented?
GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND G
Where are you Pat? Your constituents miss seeing you. You aren't hiding, are you?
Because the @GOP has NEVER obstructed Senate process before.
Yeah, Republicans would never do anything like that, would they? Would not even give Garland a hearing--unprecedented.
we all need to thank our democratic senators, by current rules within the senate, to not permit this confirmation to go forward.
In a historically unprecedented move the GOP Senate stole a SCOTUS seat from Dems!!
#racistgop how many times has a nominee been denied a hearing? #MerrickGarland #StopGorsuch
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND! Have you no fucking brain? precedent?? precedent?? WTF is wrong with you???
#GOP Filibustered Merrick Garland for a solid year.
In a historically unprecedented move, McConnell and the GOP aides and abetters prevented a presidential nominee for SCOTUS from a hearing
The historical move was pushing through a nominee while the President's admin being investigated for treasonous activities.
Don't have the temerity to play holier than thou now. Where were you when GOP wouldn't even consider #MerrickGarland who WAS QUALIFIEDA
What's unprecedented is the level of disrespect your part showed former president Barack Obama
#SenatorHypocrite, You and your GOP colleagues wouldn't even give Merrick Garland a hearing. No status for claiming moral high ground.
Good! He's a poor choice!
Like no party has stopped a nominee in the past couple of years?
And you and your party have blown up the filibuster rather than come to a just solution.  Partisan power play at it's "finest".
The Dems are very destructive and divisive.  #Nuclearoption is our only choice.
Coward! You don't represent your constituents at all!!
in a historically unprecedented move, @realDonaldTrump committed reason to steal the election.
in a historically unprecedented move, @realDonaldTrump nominated a partisan, anti-labor, anti-disability jurist.
Lets talk about last year.  remember that. NO hearing.  You are a hypocrite.  When is your next townhall.  I WILL BE THERE
As they should have. They are for the people
Unprecedented!?! How many times did you & your Repub colleagues filibuster Pres Obama's judicial nominees?
remember when you refused to even give Garland a hearing? That was unprecedented.
To bad we got stuck with you
i think it was historically unprecedented to hide from your constituents during the DeVos vote
Merrick. Garland.
You HYPOCRITE! In a historically unprecedented move, republicans refused to even hear Merrick Garland
SHAME ON YOU!!!  Rules don't apply to Republicans. Just change the laws. SHAME ON YOU!!!
@SenToomey 4) Will you meet with us on Tuesday to discuss the implications of your party's decision?
Merrick Garland
As a constituent I am embarrassed by your performance. You seem to answer to the Koch brothers not the voters of PA.
4/republicans changed the rules
At least Gorsuch had a hearing. unlike Garland and YOUR ex voters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
As opposed to just refusing to vote on him.
In a historically unprecedented move cowards refused to even hold a hearing or meet with Merrick Garland!!!
I think u meant to say "in a historic unprecedented move, republicans refused to vote on Obama supreme court nominee"
No. Your party blocked Merrick Garland in a historically unprecedented move.
in a historically unprecedented move, republicans refused to even hear Merrick Garland
Boo hoo! Shut up!!!!  You're choking on hypocrisy.
You should have voted "No" to Gorsuch. If you can't win fairly just stall then change the rules. All Republicans must go!
in an unprecedented move, your party blocked even so much as a hearing for Merrick Garland
You can not hold Democrats accountable for this. Going nuclear is ALL on you and the rest of the GOP @SenToomey you had the choice
MERRICK GARLAND
Gorsuch had his hearing.  He lost.  Move on.
Because he is unfit for the #SCOTUS. And the @gop wants to change the rules, not the nominee. So much for democracy.
Ya, because he plagiarizes, has been known to be extreme, and decided not to vote for him after a hearing--what the GOP never gave Garland.
After 8 years of blocking anything and everything you could, you have no place calling this unprecedented.  Your hypocrisy is unbounded.
exactly!!
Your party failed to even meet with a qualified candidate in Garland.
No. The dems were following the established rules of the Senate. While the republicans continually break them.
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
no, in a historically unprecedented move, you blocked the nomination last year. you're all as morally bankrupt as trump.
YOUR PARTY IS THE ONE THE CHANGED THE DAMN RULES
4/ Sometimes elected officials fight for what is right, not hide from their constituents and cash donor checks.
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
SHOW UP AT A TOWNHALL YOU LOSER
They will be sorry when ppl realize Democrat Party is out of touch, outdated, gone
Tat Poomey
Is this a town hall, no, then we don't care. Have a town hall
