corrupt, screwed so many people during housing crisis, lying to committee. Vote no - best for PA!
how do you feel about his unreported off shore millions?
@PADems He is not a straight shooter sir. Ties to Madoff! Disclosure violations! One West !
rolling back regs for your rich friends only helps the rich while the rest of us keep paying all the bills!!!!
*ppl need to see a 2-3% groth on their savings accounts again.
Right.... Help @potus refill the swamp!
Any discussion of robo-perjury?
Mnuchin is disastrous for the people of PA. But I guess from one forecloser to another you see a "kindred spirit"
Rolling back regs on who, the rich and corporations? We are sick of getting the short end in PA!
- Do you know @stevenmnuchin1 is registered to vote in 2 states? #Voterfraud according to @realDonaldTrump. must not confirm!
7 US states currently don't have an income tax:Alaska, Florida, Nevada, South Dakota, Texas, Washington Wyoming.
funny you won't take calls with constituents but you'll meet with the man who robosigned their houses away 
poor Steve found forms confusing & forgot the $100 million in Caymens. If you have trouble filling out forms?
This man destroyed contributed to worst crisis this country has faced, destroyed lives! Only benefits the rich!
Mnuchin is unqualified for this position. Constituents demand a NO vote
Are tax breaks for the rich, the ultimate game plan?
he will restore Fannir Mae and make housing great again
yea fannie & freddie to bankers and taxpayers hold the guarantee. They make $ we hold the bag. 08redux
Mnuchin will privatize profits (his/Trumps) and socialize losses. He'll privatize Fannie/Freddy
I think you missed last 8 years. 250 bilion and counting... Where is the money?
fucking thieves we need to vote out the rest of them who stop release
Right! rolling back tax and regulations for the rich and corporate! Traitors to the workers!
Vote NO
Looking forward to your yes vote on confirmation this evening!
why  would you roll back regulations after the contribution deregulations had in the financial crisis of 2008?
Congratulations! Drain the IRS swamp. Too many managers, analysts and no $ for training. Leftists run it!
shame on you
Thanks partner! and Do NOT watch this about robo signing in #Pennsylvania and #Pittsburgh okay?
Manuchins a snake who stole the equity from people's homes. Hey Steve did you forget about the $100M
who foreclose on poor elderly people for pennies. Fails to disclose thousands. I'm a constituent. Oppose him.
Steve will U reinstate Glass Steagall like Trump promised on the campaign trail?

OH NO NO NO! You are my SENATOR! Vote NO to this unqualified heartless billionaire #homeless
Pls vote NO on Mnuchin. He was TOO EXCITED today and changing Fannie/Freddie: a HUGE portion of the America Economy.
did you discuss his throwing elderly into street if they make 27 cent mistakes? how about 10 cent mistakes? one cent? greedy effing hogs
@savvasra @stevenmnuchin1 Why not shrink the middle class to 0?
Wall Street insider, pushing to roll back Regulations on Wall Street.  What could go wrong?  #DTS  #sarcasm
Swampilicious
Remember when out of control banks almost put us into depression. Regs would've helped prevent the crash.
Don't forget to take care of your elite corporate pals while raping the working class!
You mean the ones that protect citizens and consumers from being bilked by the banks and wall street?
He sure is your kind of guy! You're always thinking of us regular folks
Hope the regulations you're "rolling back" aren't the ones that make for transparency;Wall St can't self reulate
This is restocking the swamp. NOT WHAT WE SENT ANYONE HERE TO DO
Get it done!!
Deny this confirmation Conflict of interest is much too great
He's the VERY SWAMP Trump promised to drain. Goldman/Wall St flunky. Billionaire crooks are taking over America
Did you ask about this: http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-onewest-redlining-20161115-story.html …
please explain your involvement in the housing crisis,  making millions off the housing crisis while ppl suffered
rolling back which regulations? The ones that keep our air and water and workers safe?
Mnuchin's business was foreclosing on elderly people during the housing crisis. Not the right choice for Treasury.
Is there anyone ... ANYONE AT ALL ... who really cares about the working class? I'm your constituent, too!
I can't wait to see how much more money goes into a billionaires pocket since they need more. Your disgusting
.@SenToomey @stevenmnuchin1 is an actual criminal. Shameful
we need full financial disclosures and rigorous vetting of all cabinet picks. Time to show some spine
Why confirm without complete ethics review and FBI background check?
.@SenToomey .@stevenmnuchin1 faces tough road en route to Treasury post https://www.ft.com/content/cc5036c0-d466-11e6-9341-7393bb2e1b51 …
Did you hold him accountable to reenact #GlassSteagall @howtodoit1 ?!?!
the regs you want to "roll back" protect average ppl from toxic corporate greed. De-reg is a betrayal & disgrace.
NO confirmation hearing should be held on anyone who hasn't made all necessary disclosures.  Be on the right side of history.
rolling back regulations but at the same time you want to regulate menses
Do you care about anything besides money?
rolling back regulations so the rich can rip off more Americans? 

As a constituent and a VOTER, I oppose "rolling back regs" that protect citizens from corporate greed.
Please STRONGLY OPPOSE the confirmation of MNUCHIN, whose co. serviced 17% of mortgages involved in 39% of forclosures.
this guy has zero econ policy experience or knowledge. Would you have a pharmacist do open-heart surgery on you?
Yes, so great to meet this human predator.  Your cowardice is showing Senator.
This man foreclosed illegally on people's homes.  He is a scoundrel that will take advantage of the people.
How about conflicts of interest???
not an encouraging start. You are elected to serve all your constituents, not just corporations and the rich. #doyourjob
make sure the filthy rich get their tax breaks because they need it. Don't worry that this will blow up the debt.
How can constituents communicate our concerns to u? Doesn't seem like u r listening to 9/10 comment's here.
yes we should roll back the regs because Wall St is so trustworthy. Let's repeat the financial disaster so a few can get richer
what abt his desire to roll fannie & freddie to private bankers. They make money & tax payers hold guarantee. BS
Trump invested (filed during prez run) in hedge fund which will profit if Fannie/Freddie privatized.
how many Senators has Mr Mnuchin Another Wall Streeter that should be doing time. I'm not hiring him. Don't you.
Great to see you gentlemen working for all of us already.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=425138694493255&id=328668804140245 … #StandUpForUs #ALLOfUs #Obstruct
feed the rich.  Sad
Deregulation was big part of crash. Stop creating more wealth inequality. People are suffering. No 2 @stevenmnuchin1 #uworkforme
Did leaked memo, illegal foreclosures, taking houses from seniors come up at all? #ForeclosureKing #MAGA
wow no one likes this at all Senator Toomey. Maybe you should LISTEN to your constituents?
thanks senator pat toomey! mnuchin is the biggest boss that we've seen thus far
This is what you did after learning about Russian hacking? Do your job, Toomey. Russians trump taxes. Prioritize
enjoyed a mtg today? What about the Russian hacking? Your position if you had time between mtgs?
Defunding Planned Parenthood is wrong for the country and the women of PA!
Just gabbing about foreclosures, making millions screwing over people & passing unfair tax practices, huh?
Trump and emolument clause? opinion? He has holdings in over 50 countries.
why won't u meet & talk to your CONSTITUENTS? U were letter to serve THE PEOPLE not special interests. Keep ACA
#Fanniegate
and you attacked your opponent for being a rubber stamp. Enjoy licking trump's boots for 4 years, hypocrite.
how about rolling forward some funds for those 600 laid off labor and industry employees.
are you serious. This man is so unqualified and wealthy it's outrageous.
Please get off of this "rolling back regulations" crap. They were instituted for good reasons.
right roll back regulations?  Look where that got us in 2007!!!! Short memory!!!
wall street insider helping another!!!  How many millions did he make throwing people out of their homes?
aren't you dead yet?
nothing but talk for 20 years. Nothing has changed. Repeal the PA gasoline tax!!
And that also means the financial well being of individuals and not #corporations, when you #deregulate #WallStreet you get a #recession
Toomey will regret photo taken with "Screw U Out of Your Home " King.  1st rule! NEVER take picture with Satan
I'm curious to understand why you always seem to want to #deregulate, the cost of #human life and safety will always trump the bottom line
OneWest discussed at all?
Hope they plan to do more than previous Republican administrations that 'managed' decay.
NO MORE bailouts 4 big businesses / banks! $ 4 vets & retirees!
enforce the US Constitution & all wld b great!
Please bring me & paid rent with sad icons reported to US Senators, please! Let me know when relocates starting?
What regulations will you 'roll back'?  Do tell.
Hey, when ru going to stop running from your constituents & address our issues?  #theresistence
Come on down!  Join us on FB, they have all the info!!
: your constituent here and I strongly oppose 1) @stevenmnuchin1 as treasury sec, 2) GOP tax plans and 3) cutting regulations.
What regs are those, Senator? I like breathing clean air and drinking clean water, so I'm a little worried.
Rolling back regulation, because one depression a decade isn't enough
ask him what it's like to be able to personally issue a huge tax cut for all of his best friends.
Regulations protect the vulnerable from money hungry vultures. WWJD?
Swamp dweller! For shame Toomey!
TOTALLY AGAINST this nomination!
This a multimillionaire Wall Street investor who made a fortune profiting off the victims of predatory lending!
how many PA residents lost their homes because of this man's criminal activity. Shame.
Just rubber stamp Trumps agenda
Thankfully we can all trust big corporations to care about the welfare of the middle class! #sarcasm #trickledown #fail
Hmmm. Did you discuss all of the many foreclosures he endorsed & the families who suffered as a result?
yes let's work on screwing the little people to fatten our wallets!!

