Senator Toomey was elected with 1 purpose by massive Koch fundraising.  To cut their taxes.He's working 1000% to do that.  don't be fooled.
Toomey is an absolute tool - total waste of space and oxygen.
Oh, so it matters to you when *this* goes through regular order. Your staffer pretended to not even know what that is.
1. "The budget resolution also set up a procedure for fast-track consideration of tax legislation, enabling Senate Republicans to bypass
2. bipartisanship to pass a tax plan with just 51 votes, rather than 60 votes typically required for such contentious legislation."
3.
So done reading your statements praising huge tax cuts for yourself and making the little poor people suffer more.
In layman's terms he won't allow a CBO score and applied voodoo economics in order to make it look like this craps going to work

Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
does this include not funding the CHIP program senator? any hit against the WORKING CLASS!  but U never answer anything - just a Trump lacky
Any thing but pleased with you, one of the oldest population in the USA and YOU CUT Medicare & MEDICAID you nothing but Leading #GOPGENOCIDE
"Pro growth" means big corporate tax cuts. Their employees will pick up the,slack. The one's making 40K just have to tighten their belts
How do you pass a budget when you cut taxes on the top and increase the tax for the people on the bottom 99%
Tax cuts for the rich don't create jobs - - they create offshore accounts.
Why not pass a resolution to keep the Trump Cartel from vacationing every other weekend, and wasting millions. We know he's just ditching SS
Your constituents don’t believe you! No tax cuts for the rich! No death repeal for the super rich!
Pro growth? Unfundimg ACA isn’t pro growth nor are cuts to Medicaid
When I win the lottery I will vote for you.  Until then I cannot afford to be Republican

Opening the #ArcticRefuge to drilling will not solve our deficit. Call your Senator—202-224-3121 #ProtectTheArctic 
HAhahaha! You think people don't know "pro-growth tax reform" is weasel speak for we're cutting taxes for rich people and corporations?
Wow you're so hated @SenToomey  if I were you I'd just disappear. How can you handle all this criticism? You really really suck at economics
Meet with your constituents, Senator.
#Wealthcare won't help low/moderate income PA residents & Americans. This method has failed us for over 30 yrs & made rich folks richer.
It's sad that you keep passing Wealthcare plans - tax breaks for the rich, middle class crumbs wiped out by budget cuts to social programs.
Senator Heller how can you steal from seniors Vetrans poor, to benefit the wealthy.
Your support for Reconciliation impairs your judgment

Civil Servants don’t deserve to be scapegoats. Say NO to the 6% FERS contribution increase, say NO to elimination of COLA and supplement.
Call trickle down whatever you want, it doesn’t work.
Welcome to 1984....your statement us double speak
Can’t wait to vote you out
#BUDGETCUTS
I think you got  it backwards. Higher wages first will lead to purchases which will result in economic growth. Supply side does not work
remind us again which tax cut reduced deficits? reagan? bush? kansas?
Seriously stop lying to the poor and the working class. You are all for millionaires like yourself or billionaires like your Koch brothers
And changed rules for CBO score (transparency scares you?) and this
The GOP budget cuts Medicare by $473B and Medicaid by $1 trillion, all in order to reduce taxes for the top 1%. It’s shameful.
A hidden clause in this Budget Bill gives access to oil cos
to drill in US' Arctic Wildlife Refuge  retweet pls
Opening the #ArcticRefuge to drilling will not solve our deficit. Call your Senator—202-224-3121 #ProtectTheArctic 
Asbolute crap.  Resign.
KANSAS! KANSAS! KANSAS!
For ONCE just be honest and tell everyone how these "tax cuts" benefit you and your rich cohorts. Stop the lying! #QUIT
Still waiting for your thoughtful explanation of your vote against CHIP (kids) in committee!

Maybe at townhall in Philly? @TuesdaysToomey
I read the statement that you provided and it didn't say  anything of substance. The devil is in the details, provide details
Save it Toomey, you will have plenty of time to kiss corporate butt when you are ousted!!!
Tell us about the cuts to MEDICARE and SOCIAL SECURITY PAT.  DISABILITY TOO.
Haven't you done enough damage in your shameful career as a US senator? Do the only honorable thing left and resign.
You do not represent your constituent's interests - ever!
Do you listen to your constituents? We don't want Trickle down economic tax reform!  We are sick of filling the pockets of the wealthy!



The American dream is the biggest f'ing lie there is. You people will guarantee that.
Your statement Toomey, tells us nothing at all.
Koch's are such patriots? My old man helped bomb the oil refinery that Koch's old man had built for Hitler!
