Lie. https://www.vox.com/2017/6/22/15855262/senate-health-bill-victims-hurts-medicaid-poor …
Be honest. Just say you care more for the wealthy/party ideology than those you serve. You'll still be morally bankrupt but not a hypocrite.
They lie with no guilt whatsoever. It is deeply disturbing
Lying, care for others, honoring the will of their constituents - there appears to be no guilt for many things that should produce it sadly.
I just can't fathom it.
I know. It's simultaneously heartbreaking, sickening, and incomprehensible.
It's exhausting to worry about having health insurance stolen away
Right? As a Type One Diabetic I'm always thinking of this. It's life and death yet the GOP values spite Obama at the expense of human lives.
I hurt my knee badly at work the other day and it has me sick with worry.
Medicaid WILL be cut by the caps in the bill.Did you think you could hide it by phasing in the caps?!Vote no for this bill! It's bad for PA!
Wow can you have an open town hall to explain it to us!
Lets talk about real reform.  Single payer system.  Get rid of the middle man. All those for profit insurers
Amen, Im on both ends with insurance.  We are set up way too much for profit versus preventative care and providing care for the sick
Come on Pat this has nothing to do with better health care, its a tax break for the wealthy! Why not fix Obamacare instead of scraping it
How 'bout you look us in the eye and say that.
Cool cool, why don't we get together and you can explain this to us in more detail?
#listentothepeople
Does your bill do anything at all to address increasing medical costs? Which are growing faster than our 1.9% inflation rate?
Sir, this is dishonest.  You skip over the fact Medicaid Federal funding will drop substantially--after you are long gone from the Senate.
Just another Republican, lots of phoney patriotism and hollow promises, pretending to care about our Veterans!
Liar
So rumor has it you are doing a Harrisburg "town hall" today by invitation only with pre screened questions.That's propaganda not a TH Pat 
Liar if Trumpcare not going to hurt working poor seniors disabled kids, adults with preexisting more u wouldnt b afraid meet with us
Better Care is the greatest transgression by the GOP on the American people. Vote NO on this GOP bill.We deserve affordable healthcare 4 USA
Eventually? How many people will die in the meantime?
It's all part of #45 told us
Liar liar pants on fire!
By lowering them so your donors can have a tax break. Awesome
what is the source of your chart and why is it so different from @USCBO analysis? #HealthcareNotWealthcare #SaveACA #CBOscore
How about representing your constituents instead of just towing party line and lying? #NoTrumpCare
19026 here. Did you read the CBO report?
Of course if you cut the tax on the rich, the working class pays what they can not afford
Babyboomers are aging, retiring-a huge # of ppl. You know this plan makes already insufficient funding even more scarce. This is not a plan!
I would love the opportunity to discuss your support for this bill and my concerns. It could be a learning experience for us both.
Nice little graphic, can you share the rest of the details? Perhaps in a townhall, with the people you represent? Quit hiding behind doors.
Does your bill mandate vasectomies so that our population doesn't grow anymore?
By block granting and adding caps, your bad bill does make cuts to Medicaid. Your statement is misleading.
Liar
This is a blatant lie.
Then why has the bill been hidden if you are all so proud of it?
You are a liar! This bill is not healthcare. It's a tax cut for wealthy. You are a liar!
Your argument is that we won't spend less next year than we did last year. But does your bill do anything to eliminate our 1.9% inflation?
This bill will cut Medicaid spending by $772 billion by 2026.
Please tell me when your next town meeting occurs in Philadelphia~Others have reached out to you&have been met with resistance#Resist
The answer is no, senator. So stop pissing on my leg and telling me that it's raining. 15025
I want the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Not your bs spin. 15025
Sharing bad data on Twitter doesn't allow PA voters to interact with you on healthcare questions. Hold an open in-person town meeting.
#WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall
Why do you support this? #trumpcare
States that saw large coverage gains under Obamacare would suffer most under the Senate bill, according to a report http://cnn.it/2sIxtBt  
CBO: Medicaid cuts up to $772 billion for Senate health bill
Won't this still likely reduce services?  This will be a disaster for seniors and their families


This isn't Nazi Germany,no need to lie to us!  Now go back to your cave or closer or wherever you prefer to hide these days!
Where is our town hall?!? Come on Pat, meet with your constituents!!!! Isn't that what you're paid to do?!?
https://twitter.com/nytpolitics/status/882079541694521344 … you are 
Republicans offered their version of a bill to replace the Obamacare. They also offered alternative facts. http://nyti.ms/2skmyyt  
Bullshit! I think that about covers it.
Liar!
Explain how this is just #WEALTHcare taking money from the poor, sick and elderly and giving tax cuts to the wealthy. SAD!
How big a tax break are you getting out of this monstrosity you thought up


Hello Happy 4th. I hear your on break.I called you.Havent heard back.So when is the next townhall? I've got some question. #townhall
That clearly shows you are severely cutting Medicaid. You got nothing to be proud of, cutting healthcare to give tax cuts to millionaires

Why is there any cutting of Medicaid?
How about raising the tax by 0.5% ?
I am not sure I understand but I am feeling hopeful that you are creating & supporting a plan that supports responsible healthcare.
Drafting #wealthcarebill behind closed doors. Holding town hall behind closed doors. Forget about re-election.
Again, if you post something, include citation
Seriously stop lying to your constituents
Thanks for fighting, to save us from Obamacare. Before if Ruins medical world.
Should have been honest w voters during your campaign. Trump owns you
Are you going to talk about this in public during your taxpayer funded break?  Agree to hearings before a vote?  If no, than I don't trust u
Let me guess, this assumes some grand growth in the economy as a result of the massive tax cuts for the wealthy. Trickle down health care.
Senator Toomey, your argument would be a lot more effective if it was true. We do follow the facts. Not the #TrumpLies and now #ToomeyLies!
Are you sticking with this pat? When do you begin to care for pennsylvanians. @realbigliartoomey
$354,616 !!!  Shame on you.  You want to take away our healthcare and Medicaid while you get kickbacks.  You should resign.
Only 29 likes yet almost 300 comments asking you to meet in a town hall and rework this bill to better support Americans. Just saying...
More like #NoCare bill. Ask your constituents about it at an in person Town Hall during this recess, one that is open to all.
When's your next town hall, coward?
Explain the tax cuts for the rich.
Remember..PA will not have ur back if this passes
Stop the lies and help people. They deserve better.
Please stop using alternative math to back your plan. It sucks.
Not buying is the phrasing out confused either why u know Conservatives it will be a firm no and aren't u getting a big bonus like MItch
Are u sure it's the same bill that came out the senate that will be for all states hard time believing this after seeing this
Strict federal funding would cripple healthcare for the poor, elderly and ESP disabled children!  Come on Pat, own up!
Once more I see no support to you. How did you even get elected?
Extremely misleading. Actual amounts?? Nearly a $bn disappears from these accounts.  My ASD son's life is imperiled by these cuts.
Nice try Toomey!
You're are working for these guys, you twatwaffle, not us! 5 million in donations to screw over your constituents. 2022 Pat!
When and where is your town halls so you constituents can explain "No" to you
TrumpCare matches cuts to Medicaid with Tax Cuts for the 1%. #CorporateWelfare shouldn't come at the expense of PA voters.
Bullshit!!
I'll make you a deal: You sign up and I'll sign up.
When's your town hall? I have a few questions and wasn't "invited" to your "pretend" town hall. You're an embarrassment
Just go away. You come across as begging. It's very unbecoming
Misleading. Funding levels will stay the same, but this is REGARDLESS of if the cost of healthcare goes up! #BetterCare is complete misnomer
You should focus on costs with the fervor you focus on spending.  Why, for example, are Canadian drug prices still so much lower than here?
This horrible bill will harm your constituents! We will remember who voted yes for this in 2022 & vote you out!
Why no expansion for the aged, disabled, or children? The people who need it? You're a joke.
BCRA? Isn't that the name of a cancer?
#stoptoomeycare #stoptoomeycancer
BCRA? Isn't that the name of a cancer?
Toom-i-care = toom-i-catastrophy
#stoptoomeeycare



That is false... if you cut Medicaid 800bn it will not stay the same.
Liar
Stop lying and just say "we don't care about anything other than lowering taxes for the super-rich?"
You continue to try to convince us to support this bill.  It is really simple-we elected you, you work for us, we oppose this bill. #VoteNo
Please turn your attention to impeaching trump
Lies by omission.
Senator, you're being disingenuous
I don't trust anything a Republican says.  There is no reason for a new bill. Fix the ACA and expand Medicaid. That will do. No GOP bills.
Pat, we're now used to you feeding us false information. Some of us know more on this topic than you. Therefore, why not speak the truth?
Name the place and time for  in person question, discussion session wirh your constituents. Have the CBO score wirh you. I will be there!
Why do your number differ from budget office's.  I still believe in truth, even if you do not
This is #worstcare bill,#yougetsickyoudie bill! Tell the truth!
- Are you ok with the  "FNN" video Pres. Trump posted this weekend? Is violence against journalists ok with you?
That's just a bald-faced lie, Senator.  Stop insulting our intelligence. If you want poor ppl to go w/o healthcare, #ManUp & say so, #coward
Tax breaks for the rich paid with cuts to healthcare for working adults and their children?! What's wrong with these guys!?
This is sophistry. Cutting federal funding to Medicaid is the same as killing it outright, and you know it! Stop the thinly veiled lies!
As a PA resident I do not support this and implore you to listen to your constituents who voted you into office
Funny how nobody seems to believe that a guy who drafts a bill in secret without a single public hearing is telling the truth about it
There is no better care bill. Only destruction of ACA. When is your town hall? We need to talk.
You have a lot of nerve lying to your constituents in order to enrich yourself.
I hope Karma catches up to you before you can cash in. 17032
What about pre-existing conditions and lifetime limits? What about premiums going up for everyone?
25th Amendment.  It's time.
If this bill is so great, why is every member of Congress excepted from it?
This is not "Better Care". This is death or dispossession for your constituents. DO NOT VOTE FOR THIS.
You can call it whatever you want, it won't make anyone with intelligence believe it is better.
shifting the cost to the states to give tax cuts to the wealthy
Chart is misleading. Does the bill reauthorize #CHIP?
Everyone will have to reapply for eligibility every 6 months doubling paperwork for them and the state agencies.
Only the states will not be able to afford to keep it if you reduce reimbursements. #BaitandSwitch
Evergreen.
Repeal Obamacare now; work out details later! No to unconstitutional single payer!
You do know that single payer would be LESS expensive than what we have now, don't you?
We voted for repeal and replace, do as you promised
If this were really true, would you even vote for it?
Your a LIAR like Trump
Being complicit to Trumps meltdowns is undermining our country. Stand up for America, remove this insane want to be dictator now @mmflint
I live in 17102. Harrisburg.  Pennsylvania. This bill is going to kill people so you can have a tax cut for the rich. Sleep well, @SenToomey
I guess this is what the Club for Growth has told you to say to "sell" this. It isn't going to work.
Um no they won't. You cut those. Read the CBO report so you understand what you are doing. Also stop answering to the Koch brothers
The taxes you want to cut only apply to high earner's investment income which is already taxed below what folks who work for their money pay
Can't wait to see your new job will be in #2020. Maybe public speaking?

Want to end opioid epidemic? Start by freezing Medicaid expansion.
 http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/state-local-politics/339892-want-to-end-the-opioid-epidemic-start-by-freezing …

Liar liar pants on fire!!! You will regret all the evil the GOP has done to our country.HYPOCRITE!!
18603 here. Lifetime caps will literally kill me. My cancer meds "retail" for $11,000/month. Say no to anything that allows caps reintsated.
Why should American like that?
and we will all be broke.   Toomey is a RINO
Good job Senator Toomey.
You better not vote for this bill or we will vote you out!
And THEN we can start to talk. If you cannot assure us, then those states will drop it.
What about the states that will automatically drop once the Fed funding level drops? You assure us with it WRITTEN in body of the law...
How about a town hall? Or better yet one a day all over the state.
A one party bill on health insurance will always ultimately fail.  The country deserves statesmen, which seem to be in short supply
Liar!
stop insulting your constituents & represent us by improving the ACA
OH MY GOD TOOMEY JUST STOP TWEETING. LIES LIES LIES.

Governors have come out against this bill because it forces them to reduce Medicaid and strain their budgets. Single-payer now!
It's all about the tax cuts right?
When are your town hall meetings this week to explain this bill??? Oh, I forgot, you work for your wealthy donors, not your constituents!
Alternative facts!!! 
Don't end it - mend it!
.@SenToomey , I invite you to discuss it with me and many of your constituents in the Pittsburgh area. I look forward to hearing from you.
Able adults? Worked in PA Corrections as analyst and almost every "drug dealer" we incarcerated was just an addict supporting his habit.
Senator, perhaps you would attend a town hall in Delaware County to explain the plan in detail?
Yes, @SenToomey & u show again that u care more abt the $ than abt the suffering of millions. What's  gov't 4 but 2 promote general welfare?
Too many back room deals. We will read it ourselves.
Seeing your hypocrisy is literally sickening.
That's what the GOP does right? Gianforte chokes a reporter, and your buddy makes a meme out of a similar incident. But you remain silent.
So, THIS is how Toomey celebrates the birth of this nation: floating numbers to take away healthcare. Hey, why don't you punch a newscaster?
I like how your chart is cherry picked with NO other data besides %'s. Like it's our first day with statistics or something. Unethical.
It's not healthcare- you are cutting taxes and then complaining about not being able to fund the program. You're disgusting. Just stop.
Somebody please explain inflation to this guy. For fucks sake it's your own damn bill, you need to know these things!
Stop lying. You wrote this travesty and you're trying to spin it so you'll get your big tax cut. Listen to the CBO and your constituents.
Hold a public townhall and lie to our faces like a man.
19464 here, can you confirm that pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps will not ever be affected by this bill? When is your TownHall?
under your bill, the 1% get a huge tax cut. everyone else pays more for less care or won't be able to afford it at all.
Or bring the other parts up....
What about pre-existing cond., caps to pay med bills, premiums for over 55????
Are you signing up for your own suggested health plan YOU developed? If not, then shut up
How is it paid for? Tax cut for rich? Makes no sense. Doesn't add  up.
These #gop idiots want to take people's health care meanwhile a crazy man is in the Oval Office
Liar, liar your khakis are on fire.   Comrade Pat is spewing fake news here!!!   KOCH Off!!
Which isn't what they signed on for. Truman said "The buck stops here" Toomey says "Technically, it's the states that will cut coverage"
You can't start with a desired number & crunch data until you reach it. These are people not statistics. Target causes of poverty not people
The GOP health care bill would take away coverage for 22 million Americans to give tax cuts to the 0.4%. It's immoral. Stop lying.
Again seniors ? Allowing 5x younger premiums ? ....crickets.
If it's such a wonderful bill, why don't you come out of the closet & meet with your constituents?
Hahahaha yes sure they will!
So, why drop everyone's coverage now? All I've heard from you is that the ACA is bad, but no logical reason. And now, replace it with junk?
After enough people die off ?
