To pass #TaxReform, we must first approve a budget resolution. Here’s how USA will benefit: http://bit.ly/2gssQeX  @BudgetGOP
Hard working families like us who can hide our wealth in off shore accounts. Hard workers like yourself right? Liar, in it for himself.
trump's plan does NOT help your voters, just your donors.
By elimination of personal exemption & state & local taxes leaving nothing for those who can’t itemize deductions!
Don't worry your supporters are still out there
How much tax relief can my hard working family with an income of $50K expect to receive?
Exactly what is in this bill to ensure that companies that get tax break reinvest to make jobs or improve wages? This "growth" thing smells like "trickle-down" snake oil.
Neither goal can be achieved with this tax plan. Quit lying to the people. How can sleep at night? Oh, you have no soul. That makes sense.
But allowing loopholes for the rich & reducing their tax rate as well as eliminate taxes on wealthy estates benefit who? Oh yeah Trump!
Dear hard working families OF PENNA., your taxes are going up !! Toomey sold his soul to the Jackel
THEN SAY NO TO REDUCING THE TAX DEDUCTION ON 401KS! THIS IS THE MAIN RETIREMENT VEHICLE FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS. THE 1% DO NOT NEED MORE $$
You're a fucking snake oil salesman with a nauseating face. As a constituent youve held hostage by your greed, fuck you. 19148
Weasel Toomey has two goals, help the rich and screw Pennsylvanians
Raise the minimum wage to help hard working families! Tax cuts for the rich won’t help us.
Be honest @SenToomey, the main goal of #TaxReform is relief for the rich who stand to save millions if it passes. Peanuts for the poor.
Go Pat—you’re a true friend of “the working man”!
No one in the top .1% is what I would call "hard working".
More like making the rich richer and making your campaign pockets fatter.

Tax reform has one goal: more money for rich people.
Voodoo Economics!
The only tax relief in GOP bill is to ur rich donors & corporations funding ur candidacy, leaving PA voters to pay for it in earned taxes.
It won't do either.  It will make the rich richer.  Shame on you!
"creating incentives" is code for giving wealthy people buckets of tax breaks at the expense of the rest of us. #fairshare
Your tax reform benefits top 1% and corporations.  It hurts middle class, senior citizens, the disabled, children, and increases debt.
Why are you Trump's puppet? You do have a brain, RT? History lesson Kansas cut taxes and their economy sucks! All you do is screw PA & lie.
More trickle down? History and Kansas have shown its failure, Senator.
How about incentives for renewable energy!
So how come the rich get the biggest benefit in your plan? Thanks for nothing.
You must be a walking about the top 1% because you are not talking about any middle class I recognize.
Corporations are already sitting on billions and unwilling to spend, I doubt giving them more will release the animal spirits.
Your tax plan will do neither of these. Tax hikes for the rich has never brought economic growth! Liar!!! How can you deceive ur ppl? Shame
See @SenBobCasey tweets today. You could learn a few things from HIM.
H.W. Bush: VooDoo economics.
none of which the GOP plan offers.  Try again.
Repealing the estate tax is wrong. Get real incentives and tax breaks for people making under $250K.
And stuffing rich people's pockets event more with money, they stuff their bonuses in their bank accounts, why will a tax break be any diff?
You're right 2 goals: tax breaks for the rich,like you. And hardship for middle class. Good job Patsy..carrying out Trump's lies
My husband the accountant, says you're full of baloney. Only helps if you're rich.
same old reverse Robin Hood BS.  STEAL FROM THE POOR GIVE TO THE RICH.  You are a lying thief.  #onthetaketoomey
If you continue to support this hateful man, you are complicit in what he is doing.  You are enabling a monster for political gain.
You misspelled massive tax breaks for the insanely rich
You are not a man of the people. You are a joke puppet for the Koch Brothers. Your representation of Pennsylvania is terrible.
I thought the goal was to hand money to rich people.
But not this one. Mine would go up.
Bullshit
Only helps the wealthy like you
"Incentives to maximize economic growth" = the rich and powerful get more rich and more powerful
Wait a minute you have to do better.... Healthcare Sessions Jared Trump cmon
I hope you are not referring to DJT's proposed cuts. This is not tax reform. It is a windfall for rich people.
AND AND AND BIG TAX BREAKS FOR 1% AND BIGGER FOR CORPORATION'S IS YOUR GOAL THE OLD TRICKLE ME DOWN WITH DONNIE NOT RONNIE
You are lying.  You are always lying.
Um, Donald’s tax reform could care less about me. Average tax payer. Oh but wait, you are in the 1% figures you would support him.
You lie.
How do you sleep at night? Oh wait... comfortably. Your plan is going to F the hard work families you speak of. Enjoy this term...
You’re not even in the ballpark with either of those goals.  Tax relief for the wealthy, and voodoo economics for incentives.
Tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations does not lead to growth. Stop lying.
I CAN'T WAIT to vote you out of office. Unlike the dimwitted toddler in the WH, you actually understand your lies. We see you Pat.
No, sir....no relief for middle class, no right incentives; only a huge gift for the rich donors.
No it doesn’t it means corps get more tax breaks,CEO Beni fits and shareholders benefit
Where are my boots. This crap is so high I can't avoid it.
Here I thought the 2 goals are to 1. Give the 1% big tax breaks 2. Eliminate the 'Death' Tax  again for the 1%. #WhatAmIMissing #MAGA #SAD
But only one result: give even more to the super rich.
data shows the tax savings rarely makes it into the checks of workers, ask tres dept for study
Why don't you be brave and stand up for the underdog! Step outside the box. Think for yourself. Listen to your constituents!
Isn't the goal to actually line your own pockets with more tax payer money?
I am a single mom with 2 kids making 50k, specifically how will this help me?
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReforms Unless #45 reveals taxreturns as promised in campaign;NO TAX REFORM.Must know how#45 benefits @SenSasse @SenCapito
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReforms Unless #45 reveals tax returns as promised in campaign;NO TAX REFORM.Must know how#45 benefits #Trumprussia #nabj
More lies from you and @GOP
Liar
Pls stop & protect us from unfit Trump. He damages & endangers the country daily. & he's unravelling. #DoSomethingGOP before it's too late.
Your days as our senator are numbered.  #senatortoomeyshouldbefired
They'll need it to pay for their skyrocketing health prmiums caused by Trump's sabatoge. Too bad  bulk of tax cut benefit goes to wealthy.
Blah. Blah. Blah. Save it for your one percent pals.
David I see the spin master is at it again. Ask him about gun control, blah blah nothing done, health care blah blah nothing done
Something is being done on healthcare.  This proposed budget cuts $2.5 TRILLION from Medicare and Medicaid!  Don't get sick!
Lies, lies, damn lies.
silly me - I thought it was estate tax elimination and pass-thru rates for top 1%
1.) giving your rich donors money, stealing social security from middle class workers to pay your rich donors.
So why are you giving huge tax cuts to the 1%, Pat?
Curious how you define “hard-working families” & “right incentives” and what empirical evidence supports your growth claim. Pray, tell us.
Hard-working MIDDLE-CLASS families or just the highest 0.2%?!
This BS about how giving the wealthy a Hugh tax break and they will reinvest, you GOP never give up that lie. Tell Pa they lose deductions
#toomeytweets has two goals: lie to constituents, make Koch brothers happy
And giving @realDonaldTrump an incredible tax break. Who are you working for?
To Toomey's media person: Don't you feel dirty typing up this garbage? I would. Just saying.
Please stop lying to hard working families. #TrumpTaxReformSucks
Bullshit. The relief is for hard  working 1% while the war on the middle class continues.
1 word..bullshit
I’m far more worried about affording health insurance than a tax cut that will never be significant enough to cover my ins premiums.
It's widely understood that this tax reform plan serves wealthy donors who bought your seat & that's it. We know who you serve & it's not PA
The rich will NOT spend anymore money than they do now. The Middle Class are the backbone and stimulus of the American economy.
WRONG WRONG WRONG.#1 its tax relief for the top 1%. #2 net eff tax rate for mid-low earners will increase.#3you are nothing but GREEDY LIARS
Ok, explain it to me as most professionals and experts say yours will do the opposite unless you are rich
Liar
Then why are the majority of the tax cuts going to the wealthy? Trickle down does NOT work!
Why do you insist on spewing out these lies that nobody with half a brain believes?  Your only goal is to help the rich.
Please support the tax reform bill!
Tell the truth: There's a third goal. "Paying back all the big donors who put us in Congress to make life good for them and bad for you."
The former is not in the @GOP plan, and the latter has simply never worked in practice.
What happened to the deficit? I guess it only matters when a program might help regular people. Then we can’t afford it.
"Incentives to maximize growth" = corporate welfare that will increase exec pay while doing nil for regular workers.
We only have one goal Senator, to get you and as many Republicans out of office as soon as we can.
Make that two goals: 1) Getting my rich pals to give more money and 2) Keeping my rich pals rich and poor people struggling. Fun to watch!
It makes the 1% richer nothing else
Look at California...now look at Kansas. We don't want to be Kansas!
Stand for your constituents, not your donors! Trickle down doesn’t work and you know it!
Except the Republican tax plan will do neither of those things. PLEASE stop lying to us!
#youworkforus not the corporations. Trickle Down economics does not work.
"Hard-working families" = my rich donors
Trickle down economics doesn't work. See the Reagan era after effects!
omfg   etc.
You're only goal is to make corporations & the rich, richer.  That is the only way they will continue to line your pockets.
Then why gives tax breaks only to the rich? 
Over 80 replies here, not one says, great job Pat! A lot, in fact most say, lies, liar, it won't work, etc y won't you listen?
Do you think we will forget? Do you think your 2% margin of victory is strong enough to withstand all this? I don't. #byebyePartisanPat
It's a failed idea that others have tried. America was at its strongest when Clinton raised taxes on the wealthy and corporations not cuts
So only the wealthy are “hard-working?”  Economic growth for whom? #TaxReform
You should re-read the legislation.  It's voodoo economics.
Surely you lie-the goal is to give super wealthy and corporations a huge, lovely tax cut. Heard it from @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #Gaslighting
The goals are fine but you do not say which hard working families will benefit and who will benefit from economic growth. NEED DETAILS
An amoeba has a higher standing than you. A discrace to mankind.
Liar
What are you doing to prevent mass shootings in America? When will you hold an in-person town hall? When was your last time in Philly?
You mean tax relief for rich lazy million and billionaires who payroll weak no spined politicians like you and your crooked Republican party
Bull it's for your corporate sponsors
Oh. You forgot one: rich guys saving more money. Explain how repealing the estate tax helps hard working families. This bill is typical BS.
Trickle hasn’t worked any time Republicans did it before what should it work now??
LIAR !
But the president says the economy is doing better than ever since he took over breaking records 
Oh good.  You’re supporting another thing that’s going to hurt your constituents.  Trickle down is a fraud.
Reagan, Bush Jr said the same things as you (trickle down economics). It blew up the deficit and both had bad recessions. Why try it again?
You spelled millionaire donors wrong
Liar
This is hysterical. Do you think we actually believe your lies? We know, Senator Toomey. Tax relief for the rich. #toomeylies
The GOP tax plan doesn't work for the middle class and you know it. #peopleoverprofits
You need to just stop tweeting you #SpinelessCoward. Your #PinkSlipIsComing #Liar.
Shut the hell up and go home. You have become a LAME suck.
Then how come 79% of the tax cuts are going to the wealthiest 1%? They've been doing very well in nig stock market gains.
Just stop please. We know ur agenda aligns w 45 and that means screwing everyone except the wealthiest.
GOP tax plan fails on both counts. Will actually raise taxes on hard working families and further erode the middle class.
So is golfing every weekend what we call hard work now?
Lies
tax breaks directed at innovation and middle class cuts are welcomed but your plan is simply a lie and a massive break for the uber wealthy
Corps already have incentive. It's called 'profit.' Families need reform to lower their tax and increase disposable income!
Your tax reform plan doesn't do either of those things unless by "hardworking families" you mean the top 1%. Tell us the truth.
Liar. 
Senator, this bill needs changed from its current form. SALT deductions need to be allowed. Mortgage interest deductions should be canned
Tax breaks for the rich will not help the economy and nothing there for the middle class. So just shut up Pinocchio!


#TaxReform has 2 goals. Making hard-working families believe they are not being fleeced & maximizing tax cuts for the super rich.
You have one goal making sure the rich benefit greatly which this bill will do so stop the BS
Then why is it based primarily on tax breaks for corporations and for the wealthiest Americans.  Your explanation is disingenuous
You may as well not tweet. Fewer and fewer people believe giving to the rich helps us all. Wealth inequality largest since Great Depression!
@SenToomey, you are a LIAR I would like a town hall to discuss your point on tax reform vs mine, and tRumpcare vs mine, and the LGQT vs mine

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Your goals are enriching the Kochs and the 1% while ballooning the deficit. You're an embarrassment.
Americans aren't buying your bullshit.
#TaxReform has 2 goals: make your out-of-state billionaire donors happy and make you a ton of money. (Have we seen your tax returns? Nope.)
Let's see that tax return liar Patty
You meant one goal: give those who already have too much even more. You can put lipstick on a pig but it's still a pig.
A third goal is to CUT TAXES for the most wealthy. This is a BOGUS @GOP tax "reform" aimed at keeping large campaign donations coming in
TOWN HALLS? we know better than that dont we
Every independent analysis concludes that the proposed package overwhelmingly benefits the wealthy.
And the plan so far fails at both.
I'm more worried about Congress gutting the ADA. You represent the people. Not big business. I hope you all are voted out next year
Trickle Down 3.0 won't do any of that. #liars #ripgop2018 #pa7
I wish we had an Overtaxed Peoplematter; O.T.P.M. like we do B.L.M. Wheee! Oops, they'd all be Caucasian, DAMN!
U do not represent corporations. A corporation does not vote for you. The people do. Start doing your damn job. This is getting ridiculous.
That koch money got you frothy in the mouth


Senator, after you and the President show us how tax reform will help / hurt you, then we might believe it’s “really” for the middle class
My family is a hard working middle class one yet my taxes will increase , how is this fair ? And why would you vote for it?
Taxes have one goal- to fund the government. That goal should be subservient to politics. Instead, your tax plan will blow up deficit!

Lies.
If those are your goals you have the wrong planm
