Why don't you do something for the Vietnam vets who are homeless and struggling.
yes because the past 8 years so much was done for them
does that mean nothing can be done now? How about looking forward?
so how about giving him more than 90 days to fix
how about he do something to help the people instead of Wallstreet? We're waiting...
like Barry did with illegals for 8 years over veterans
FORWARD..... CAN WE GO FORWARD? Why live in the past?
so accept DT as our President
TU PUTA MDARE
somehow people will get mad at this lol #MAGA
Makes me proud, Thank you Mr. President
you're a boob
MAGA!!!
I am a proud American who supports our hero President Donald J. Trump 100%
laughing
.@POTUS Isn't that the war you FAKED heel spurs to avoid?
Tommy Servedin a video game as a voice actor, big tough guy you are Tommy.  Crysis.  LOL, nice career.
You're comparing draft dodging to voicing video games? 
Like most of the big stars in your career they where all in college back then and have the biggest mouths.
Great we have to protect our flag.
What if someone had stopped @MelaniaTrump from immigrating because of her birthplace? #Hypocrisy. 1393D 16H 24M left of it.
, the excitement you display in signing pointless and ridiculous orders, reminds me of a child playing with a new toy at Christmas.
as a disabled veteran from the Vietnam Era I thank you and support you and all your good changes that you are making
Is that all it does?
How dare you when you don't give a ratsass about the Vietnam veterans Homelessness and sick never helped
Is that going to be your new campaign slogan for 2020? "I signed a law about encouraging flag waving on a patriotic day!"
the war you ducked out if by claiming your foot hurt to much - you should bend over and kiss the ground your marine guard stands on
How is this even a law?  I mean I have no problems with flying the flag to honor vets but how does a law "encourage" someone?
Veterans are given preferential treatment at Home Depot. Reserve marked parking spots and 10% off of a purchase. Just show a vet ID.
omg! People I'm sure we've all said things we've regrettedwhat if you were judged daily, like he is? Most of u would be hiding
we appreciate your patriotism mr president!
When exactly was that?
@Steve_L_B Thank you President! Beautiful family and I love your educated daughter.thank you
Not fit for White House are you freaking kidding she's flotus too
But obviously she is fit . We  had an election and it's over . I didn't agree w anything Obama did but did
To what make purses 
I would but my foot hurts too much.
Hug a Vietnam Vet tomorrow and let them know you appreciated their service in that war
trying for at least one success?
remember when you called venereal disease your personal vietnam?
How does it feel to be a sitting president under active FBI investigation?
Feels better than voting for a felon.  How did that feel?
though this is late in coming, I would like to thank you for insisting on flying the flag.
We Love Our USA
We Love Our Military
We Salute Our Fallen
We Never Forget
The Sacrifice
Says Adolf, the cowardly draft dodger.    
nice job draft dodger
Yea!! Love this.
did you get to sit at your big boy desk to sign this one?
Awwww how nice for The Draft DodgingCoward C.I.C. in name only.
nothing to see here.
No shit.
Resign.
my father is a Vietnam vet & 3 cousins all X navy.  They are all sickened by you, your policies and your tweets.
Will they think about maybe putting up a flag tomorrow though? Please?
there is already one there.  He cares about this country -  unlike the GOP
Glad to hear that. I think that was the original idea.
I have my American Flag out on my front porch to Go #USA
So do l I fly it everyday so proud of that flag.
@FLOTUS stop refugees from leaving their countries. Rich Middle Eastern countries should be taking them in where they share culture.
Nice to witness the Change in Respect for Our Military..Our Veterans..and Our American Flag ..Patriotism Is Back..thank you @POTUS 
Sorry that was in response to the tweet about ur blonde female employee; ur KC.....
The flag should be flown every day anyhow. Keep patting yourself on the back. #thestupidispainful #insaneinthemembrane #enoughalready #ITMFA
Thank you ,Thank You!!
@FLOTUS pls do more to stop inflow of  military-age, sturdy men who should be fighting to defend their countries from tyranny

So sad never should have gotten into the Middle East only because of greed oil
I'm going fly a flag w/five bone spurs, one for each of your bogus deferments @realDonaldTrump
This is absolutely wonderful. Thank you president Trump.
Wow that's totally meaningless. Anything else you plan to do that does nothing but please the morons in your base?
Isn't that the war you wiggled out of? Don't remember seeing you there...or anywhere near the military, clown!
Isn't this a bit pointless?
Thank you. Please remind Americans open enrollment in the ACA begins in November.
FU
Your doing a wonderful job. Keep it up
are you posting this because waving the flag on veteran's day is the only thing g that can get passed?
no healthcare reform, nothing on infrastructure, tax plan barely breathing, and this is what you celebrate ?
sad, bigly
Mr President TRUMP 

Why a WHITE flag at White House Logo ?
https://www.whitehouse.gov/ 

Return #STARS_and_STRIPES_Flag
Um sofisma!
A paz produz a guerra! 
A guerra produz a paz!
A bill that did nothing. We already display the flag. All fluff -- no substance. FIX healthcare, not sign meaningless laws. #FixACA
did u serve in Vietnam??
Thank you for supporting our military servicemen and women! So nice to have a real president and CINC again! #veteranslivesmatter
Are you serious he's cut care of veterans. They walk the streets homeless and sick
making America great again!
It needed to be encouraged?!?
lot of people saw Vietnam and demonized it, also it wasnt a war just a "police action" vets didn't come back to parades
But it seems like we've all been enlightened on that injustice for a fair while now.
most yes but still there a lot of people who disrespect the vets from that era.
bullsh_t
I don't need to explain myself. Don't be disrespectful. It's not productive.
lol, ok, right.
@MichaelCohen212 I fly it every day
Yep,
I know what you mean. I fly my flag proudly & I will never take it down. No matter what!
#MAGA 
I bet you'd take it down if trump asked u to.
rude.
Hey Mong,
Just BC Obama told u to ignore constitution doesnt mean PT will!
the constitution stopped the Muslim ban so I agree.
No,
Liberal judges did. Why are u ignoring the judges that agree. Typical
https://twitter.com/gearmeister/status/824252053815955456 …
she's a hag. She's hardly worthy of commendation.
just another angry loser with a fake account with six followers
hope your bone spurs won't prohibit you from attending any events.
The bone spur thing must be the Snowflake's new thing. All I see lately. Where were you the day they were showing respect ro Mohammad Ali?
I think I was 4 so I was probably playing Legos or coloring
It was within the last year son. They celebrated how great a man Mohammad was, yet he the draft. Don't remember you snowflakes crying then
well, if Mohammed tried posing with a bunch of soldiers wearing a flight jacket I definitely would have said something.
Him not visiting the American troops but having no problem visiting the Vietnam ones is ok I guess. At least Trump is visiting OUR troops
Oh wow, people are encouraged to display the flag on a day there is already a lot of flag displaying. Truly inspiring. Weak ass.
Thank you!
Thank you, Mr President. #MAGA #Americafirst #thankyoutrump
Trump  mr. president keep up what you're doing you're driving the Democrats nuts and I'm all for that
Is this truly a federal holiday?  If so, why is it that NO Vietnam Vets know anything about it?  I want PROOF - NO FAKE NEWS..
ANY ONE offended by flying the flag does not deserve to be a citizen.
No thanks. I'll continue to fly my BLACK flag! My Dad, a Vietnam Vet murdered by Agent Orange, would be damn proud too! #draftdodger
come on, get some real work done. Call me, got some ideas on managing forested public lands in Wyoming
Thank you President Trump,  I lost many friends during that war.

They'd be more impressed if you gave them healthcare for life.
Thank you Mr President for taking a stand against the globalists and corruption. We all stand together in this fight against tyranny!
@MichaelCohen212 So PROUD OF YOU MR PRESIDENT!
most asinine bill to date
what an empty, vacuous law. im getting tired of all your winning.
As Veteran of conflicts known & unbeknownst,I salute on this 1. Commander in Chief. But u & Ryan dispense w/ ur Socialist tendencies.
It is about time too! I am so happy you a my President!
To be fair, at least you got ONE thing passed. #incompetent oh... #REFUND the $11 MILLION in taxpayer money you spent in the first MONTH
I display the flag everyday...
But I'm embarrassed by my President
Our American Heroes that fought in the Vietnam War have been treated like Monsters very unfair thank you for correcting this! 
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Perhaps you should have started be not dodging the draft 4 times!!!!
Obama declared Vietnam Veterans day in 2012 #ImpeahTrumpSaveAmerica #TrumpDidNotServeHisFootHurt #TeumpReducingVeteransBenefits

with people being rounded up like cattle by ICE, with the middle class evaporating this is ur concern?

Thank you Sean I Vouluteered 3 tours there 1965 to 1968!
As a Vietnam War era veteran I thank you Mr. President. I fly my flag every day and hope S. 305 will encourage others to do so today
Give the VETS treatment that they deserve for dedicating their lives to this country.
Repairing all the dems fhuk ups takes time.  Weeding out is whats going on so hold your girly diapers.  America is Great.
Dems suck
Sir, instead of flyong the flag for our vets how about making sure less of them are homeless? That would be alot more respectful!
WOW! That's Presidential. Display the flag. Wow! What's next? Puppies are cute? Apple pie? Kitties?
Thank you Sir, for this. God Bless.
Obama never cared about stuff like that. He liked photo opps with cuban dictators. Finally an American President!
Thank you, sir. My husband is a highly decorated Vietnam veteran. It means a lot to him and all that served in that war.
Thank you first taking care of our vets!
Vietnam vets fought & died so p*ssy snowflakes would have the freedom to diss their own Commander in Chief. Grow a pair, a-holes.
hypocrite
So proud to call you my President !
@FaithFlaherty3 it's amazing that a bill is even necessary
Exactly!! It should be Automatic but, we have so many ungrateful people who lives in the USA who hate our  
4 deferments from the Vietnam War!
if you're taking away their funding for medical care, food, and housing, they're not going to care about a flag.
@EvelynNFarkas @POTUS - You need to prosecute this criminal-who spied on you and your team- Watch @Hannity- HER OWN WORDS SINK HER. Unreal.
Dear God! Mr President Help my son come home to Texas, gravely ill detained Jiangmen Det ctr China over 4 yrs! He will die! HELP ME!
Thank you POTUS45. I ride with mine in my truck and flying one in my front yard proudly. #ProudtobeanAmerican
enjoy it, it's probably the only thing you ate going to be able to pass in ur short term before we the people impeach you!!
Thank you for signing S. 305! I'm very grateful that we have a president who respects both our veterans and our troops.
@WhiteHouse you could also "display" meds and care for all the VA instead of budget cuts #justsayin #russiagate #Angrypooptweet
Thank You President Trump. These Veterans have been neglected too long. May God Bless you.
really, Trump just signed to remove benifits from the homless vets??? This is all for show and he is not fooling anyone.
- Thank you! 
If I was able to dodge war in Bosnia I'd be flying Bosnian flag everyday but I couldn't and they killed my emotions.#Dodger
Cool! Now stop being yourself the rest of the time and you might get an approval rating higher than your IQ before the impeachment
if you really want to do something for the VETS get them off the streets. Take care of them better than what they have.
- I hope this bill encourage the display of the U.S. flag everyday...just like "back in the day." #RememberWhen
how can you be so proud, when you and your boys never served in the military.
I'd love to see a law against desecrating our American Flag!
Thank you. If not for we the veterans, law enforcers or first responders etc. this would not be America, the land of the free.
Actually, what endears us most to Pres Trump is that he refuses to give up hope on humanity no matter how much he is challenged.
And that will probably be as close as you've ever gotten to the Vietnam War, draft dodger.
thank you Mr President
good thing you didn't screw all those vets with your "you can't afford it, I don't care act"
The flag should be hung upside down for the Draft Dodger in Chief and his fake bone spurs that magically disappeared after the war.
when you need a bill to encourage authentic patriotism.... says a lot.
How bout that 35% approval rating??? Nice
how about you actually start fixing the VA like you promised
Can the Flag stay there? #trumpsupporter
USA USA USA GOD AND COUNTRY YESSSS YESSSS FLY OUR FLAGS HIGH
Thank God!
Thank you Sir for recognizing
@VP 
All the real problems you have and this is the best you can do. Sad.
great to call you commander in chief....
Well, since you couldn't get the healthcare thing done may as well encourage us to fly the flag. Good trade! Art of the deal, baby.
=my birthday fyi. We need to 'back' these largely forgotten warriors!! Many thanks.
Blah blah blah. Flag worshipers. Feel bad for these Vietnam vets that fell part of our war machine. They died for no reason. Flag fo a life
what is the s.305?
Wow! It's a sad day in the USA when the president has to sign an executive  order to display a flag that many died for. #mccarthyism
How proud you must be.  You put up a flag.  What a good boy you are.
so proud of you!
Think your trump for putting up with all these haters to save our 
country
as a European I thought the US was permanently plastered with US flags everyday of the year and always anyway
Thank you.
@WhiteHouse WITH ALL THE REAL STRUGGLES!   REALLY?   AFTER YOUR GAME IF GOLF?
who cares about it
our flag needs to proudly fly over America for all heroes serving and veterans.
@WhiteHouse Not too much longer Don! The proud Russian flag will be up soon enough. I have an EO for you to sign on that too
@WhiteHouse .Forbes.landowners.
I'm a Vietnam Vet_Proud and FLYING my flag for those that list there lives.
Yeah, that'll do a lot for income inequality! BTW where were you during Vietnam? Oh yeah, draft-dodging because of a footsy owie.
thank you sir!  America's flag should be everywhere in our nation!
Wow! Happy National Vietnam War Veterans Day! Salute to all the brave men and women of the united states who served! #USA
how much of my taxes was wasted on watching you sign some BS legislation?
thsnk you - my husband is a Bronze Star Vietnam Vet! We will display our flag!
Please!, Mr. President, pull the funds from the offending cities!.
Lock em up!
This coming from a "COWARD" draft dodger from the Vietnam war. "TRAITOR" Resign and save face or face prison
Regardless of what you think of Trump flying the United States flag at a memorial  should not have been an issue yo begin with
So Strong..
great job My President
Thank you for honoring our vets with this President Trump! My flag is proudly displayed today!
How could our once great country have let obama get away with the cruel  things he did?
who won tickets for egg hunt
Thank You MR PRESIDENT!
I'm Amazed That So Many Anti AMERICAN RADICAL LEFT Wing ZEALOTS Would OPPOSE Such A PATRIOTIC Action!
@WhiteHouse he didn't cut their budget
