No one can get in touch with you. Phone busy, mail box full. Hire more people? Suggestions please. We have a voice if you listen.
save Social Security ,pay back what was borrowed. Cutting SocSec is like stealing from your grandmother.
VOTE NO FOR DEVOS. VOTE FOR WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS WANT. SHE IS HORRIBLE FOR EDUCATION AND SHE KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT IT!!!
Children are our future. vote against Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education.  #StopDeVos
You should've asked her if she wants to be Sec of Education.
can you tell me what a slmb is
Leave our Soc.Sec & Medicare alone. It is our money, not the Gov. We paid into it. Gov. borrowed. Pay it back.
save Medicare and Medicare along with SS
save the Affordable Care Act. I have insurance for the first time in 15 yrs. Think of your constituents.
You SERVE PENNSYLVANIANS--- not DJT!!! This includes Philly!! Stop sucking up to the wrong people & #DoYourJob
listen to your people. Don't sell out. No to Devoss pls!!
is Trump your mentor on how to treat the disabled? #burneddownhouse Harmful and disrespectful #burnedouthouse
please protect our medicare/medicaid and social security. We have worked our entire lives and pd into the system
Please continue to do what's right and note vote for Devos as Sec. of Edcuation!
Protect Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security
please protect those with pre existing conditions!
so this talk was about how to destroy all the burned out houses like me right? Thats what you call the disabled
you guys come up with a replacement to ACA? Can't wait to hear all about it. Unless its as fake as Donnies facts
Revamp Obamacare. Make price controls on the healthcare industry. Don't repeal. WE WILL NOT FORGET next election.
I'm thinking you must agree with the lies from the White House. Haven't heard otherwise.... Is this ok with you?
improve ACA, don't repeal! No privitization of Medicare
Let's talk about why healthcare is so expensive. why is healthcare, insurance, pharmaceutical a for profit business when lives depend on it!
like you give a rats ass about Medicare or medicaid
You need to extend Federal Healthcare benefits to all of us or face losing the next election
as a constituent I ask that you not vote against the ACA without a plausible alternative.
Please do not cut Medicare.
and how many Pennsylvanians will be thrown off of it thanks to your vote? Deaths are on your hands.
Please do whatever you can NOT to take away millions of Americans' health insurance. We count on you not to hurt us.
i swear i will give up,go uninsured. it will be on you & Trump. I cant go back to 18,000 a yr for my husband &self


Are you cutting Medicare and Medicaid like @SpeakerRyan who wants to cut PA's poor Medicaid insurance?
Ryan has been scheming and lying since 2011 on ways to rob the elderly who paid into Social Security and Medicare through payroll taxes.
Any Details sir
what is your stance & impression on Medicaid block grants to the states?
.@SenToomey Better yet, why don't you schedule a Town Hall in Bucks County? 2/2
.@SenToomey your office is very hard to reach by phone. Mailbox always full. Your constituents need to reach you. 1/2
Can't get an answer at your office. Please protect our health insurance. Lives depend on it.
This is the letter I got in response to my adversity to repealing the ACA. #rude #badsenator
This letter is BS and propaganda! Insurance companies and pharmaceutical execs need more regulation, people over profits.

you said today nobody said anything on Jacob let having money in Cayman you are a liar sir
Please protect Medicare/Medicaid and affordable insurance for all citizens, especially those who are sick & poor
Medicare and Medicaid are what the people want.  Preserve and strengthen them. NO to priviaization.
No to vouchers or privatization.
.@SenToomey Pence pick. Private consultant ran IN's draconian Medicaid. Added bureaucracy-->harder to receive aid.
.@SenToomey Seema Verna likely to be in line w/ Pence's ideas re entitlements--Medicaid, Medicare, SS.
about how you plan to destroy it is assume
affordable healthcare(HC) is relative to one's income doesn't mean every1 gets HC. Single payer means HC for all
your constituents want single payer Medicare
Why?  You guys getting rid of that too?
Please don't defund medicare and medicaid.  people in america need these programs.
I'm sure you had a nice talk about new ways to screw the poor and elderly. ROCK ON!
I just wanted to thank you 4 making me put back food in order to afford medicine because of your vote.
Why did you vote to get rid of CHIPS and to allow companies to raise drug costs? Epipen rates will be for all medicines.
No healthcare for citizens, then Congress, should get rid of their healthcare, too! Conning U.S. citizens!
Did she express shock and outrage at the GOP plan to repeal #ACA without a plan to replace it? Did she discuss CBO report?
Interesting you don't have time to hold a town hall...
As a pro-life candidate, I would expect you to protect born and unborn lives. Why don't you come to Pgh &explain your positions? #ACARepeal
hope you talked about how to improve it not privatize them. Not hopeful you voted no to importing drugs
spoken like a true company man. 
Save the ACA! Include a Public Option! To repeal the ACA means the Republicans will kill women and children.
So... are they going to continue to exist?
When is your next Town Hall Meeting in Philadelphia area? Your constituents would like to chat with you too!
Are you challenging Trump on problematic cabinet picks and repealing the ACA, or are you just going to say yes to everything?
The latter.
are you raising Medicaid eligibility income level?  Yes or No.
what did you talk about? Please answer your Philly phones, Senator.
Answer any phones! .@SenToomey, the Hiding Senator. Maybe he'll emerge on Feb. 2nd.
Question is can we trust you Senator Toomey ????
I can see a comfy ass chair in the background and you had her sit on that!! .... #shame #ungentlemanly
I could say that the majority of #Americans didn't vote for @realDonaldTrump or don't want #ACARepeal, instead what's up with those chairs!!
and...What she say?
Make Medicaid patients pay a $1,000.00 deductible
I agree-Town Hall in Philly!
Did you ask her why Indiana was ranked 41st in nation in overall health by United Health Fdn? (PA is 29.) http://www.americashealthrankings.org/explore/2015-annual-report/measure/Overall/state/IN/compare/PA …
"good talk" = ? I hope it's not Ryan's plan. His plan is not good.
lately it's hard to reach you by phone, would you consider coming to philly? we will fill seats
That's his fear! That every seat will be filled with constituents...inc women & POC who he seems to forget.
now talk about why you voted against the prescription bill and the people's will. We don't hear about that.
Well, we do hear about it, just not from our senators: http://maplight.org/us-congress/interest/H4300 …
We need town hall meetings with our senators in PA. SET THEM UP.
Toomey is a committed RINO
philadelphians would love an audience with you, senator! have a town hall here in philly!
