Focus on #whineytrump and his antics. Don't confuse sugar and Russians. We know what's important. #impeachtrump. Now. Today.
At the expense of the American consumer. We're giving them extra money so they can be wealthier.
The answer, Pat, is to stop putting sugar in every goddamn thing we eat. You know that. And so does the sugar industry.
Toomey Delaware county: 610 434 1444
https://www.forbes.com/sites/danmunro/2013/10/27/sugar-linked-to-1-trillion-in-u-s-healthcare-spending/#1579e2136ad1 …
Lower sugar prices = higher healthcare spending. If I have to keep doing your job, I'm going to need some money.
If your healthcare bill is so supergreat, why ya hiding it and pushing through a vote on it? #wheresToomey
Cheap sugar=unhealthy food is cheaper than healthy food. w/o increases to SNAP, the poor can't afford healthy food, so they buy junk
Really? Higher sugar prices less reason y I saturate everything in sugar saving what's left of our healthcare from more diabetes. #bigsugar
Sugar. SUGAR??! STOP KILLING PEOPLE. If you vote for the disaster that is the @GOP healthcare bill, I pledge time & support against you.
Trumpcare will line the pockets of the wealthiest American families w/ a fat tax cut
How about giving us a look at the health care bill that affects 777,000 of your constituents? What are you hiding? #whysosecretyall #NoAHCA
what a sad man you are!!
Sugar is the least of my worries, being of a certain age with pre-existing conditions. I'm #RealPA and I want you to quit hiding!
Maybe it's a way to engineer healthier choices for people who are at risk for diabetes and obesity
I'm more worried about why you are covering up Russiagate. Oops, I forgot they lined your pocket too. #lastterm
How do higher drug prices help ordinary Americans? They don't, they line the pockets of Pat Toomey!
So guessing you're not getting any money from big sugar growers?
With EVERYTHING going on today, you're tweeting about sugar?! #ShowUsTheBill #AHCA
That's darned populist of you - what's the catch?
Show us the bill, allow full debate & amndmnts, don't uninsure 23mil. That's how u help ordinary Americans
How do you keep avoiding your constituents? #wheresToomey
Better get on that tax break for them.
http://thenewmainstreammedia.blogspot.com/2017/06/american-child-just-skin-and-bones.html …  American Child just skin and bones living in an Israeli Concentration Camp
Stop trumpcare
OMG, I can't believe you have the gall to post this. AHCA lines other pockets at the expense of the poor, sick, & vulnerable. Ur a disgrace.
To be clear, I wish you no harm, just that you become a private citizen so we can protect the social safely net the majority of us support.
Lining the pockets of the top wealthiest instead!  #ShowUsTheBill
protecting sugar?  Who is paying you now? Try addressing constituent needs likehuman right to health care.
You really have a lot to say about "big sugar." You clearly don't care about PA so I can only assume this is about your rich donors.
We need to have more affordable prices on healthy food. Not sugar. Sugar is not an important part of a healthy diet. #HealthyLiving
Senator more importantly can you tell us what is going on with healthcare act?
Go Pat, way to stand up to Big Sugar, wow, this is a hot topic, I'm sure glad you're addressing this hot button issue, what healthcare bill?
To be honest, "big sugar" hasn't crossed my mind. I have been worried about the healthcare bill Toomey and 12 other senators won't release!
Tell Toomey to #ShowUsTheBill!
DC: (202) 224-4254
Allentown: (610) 434-1444 
Harrisburg: (717) 782-3951
Pittsburgh: (412) 803-3501
already called. Had a good convo with Allentown and Philly office. Go through fast. Need more calls!
Thanks for calling!
How do assault rifles and large ammo magazines help ordinary Americans? They don't. On the orher hsnd, affordable universal healthcare does.
Could you also direct your ire toward Big Pharma? They are a more worthy opponent.
So let me guess?? You and the government will "fix" this right?? Leave it alone
Show us your Toomeycare.
You know what else is too expensive? Prescription drugs! You have a couple colleagues who are trying to fix that problem.
We're concerned with healthcare and you're on sugar prices? I'm not buying a bag of sugar every month, but I am paying for healthcare.
For Amer. consumes? Against the wlthy few?  Prove it! Daylite Hlthcr. Hold Hearngs. Advocte for Univrsl Hlthcr. Keep ACA till Mdcr for All.
All that can be learned from this is big sugar cos haven't bought you (yet). If they had you'd be talkin' how it's great for everybody.
Which is why we need to leave pricing (on sugar and other commodities) to the supply and demand; Sugar would be available at low prices.
Even Donald Trump called your Healthcare bill "mean, mean, mean!". That's coming from your own side!? How can you defend the bill now?
#ShowUsTheBill
In terms of your agenda, does this issue rank above or below that bill to rename a sandwich?
It might help lower the rate of Type II diabetes, but sugar prices seem rather unimportant ... better to focus on healthcare or gun control.
Are you kidding me right now?!On the floor talking about f'ing SUGAR?! You sir are tone deaf & about as useless as mittens on a snake.
If you are worried about "big sugar" getting rich, instead start using the funds to pay for healthcare needed due to excess sugar intake.
Big sugar? BIG SUGAR? This is what you are speaking out about? Are we getting trolled? Is this real life? What is happening?
I think the point of raising prices is to make things less accessible. Sugar causes Type 2 DM, which now affects 1 in 11 adults.
We can live just fine with less sugar in our lives but not less healthcare. Get your priorities straight.
Show us the bill!
How do tax breaks for billionaires help ordinary American people? Uh, they don't! They only line the pockets of the rich!
I'll pay extra for sugar.  Thanks for asking.
He wrote it, I doubt he'll vote against it.
Mr Toomey I am from a republican house hold,please DON'T vote for this health care bill! I will hold you responsible @ election time #I vote
Sugar prices - really More of the Trump hating on our ally & neighbor Mexico  Stop supporting Trump agenda Its hatefilled & wrong for 
How do GOP tax cuts help ordinary Americans? They don't. They only help line pockets of greedy politicians. (And the price is healthcare).
How do higher health insurance prices help ordinary Americans? They don’t. They only help line pockets of big health insurance sellers.
Are you unable to hold a town hall meeting because you're a pimp known as Big Sugar?
Pretty sure the Toom-meister is actually Captain Crunch without a hat.
What is wrong with you? Do you not see shootings across the country and you're talking about sugar prices? Seriously?
And who benefits from Trumpcare, which will uninsure millions of Americans?
how do higher health care cost help the average american? Please abort dismantling ACA for millions of lives at stake.
Someone's burying their head in the sugar...
@SenBobCasey why is Toomey so concerned about Pennsylvania's sugar growers? Is this what worries Toomey? C'Mon man!
By this you mean Big Sugar Growers don't contribute to your PAC?
Since when do you care about ordinary Americans. Your career has been supporting big business.
Sugar is bad for us anyway. We want healthcare. #ShowUsTheBill
how does allowing trump to sell arms to saudi arabia make us safer? why did you oppose @RandPaul 's bill?
Maybe people will eat less sugar/be healthier because of it. Their healthcare is under fire, after all...
as a professional baker I have many concerns...like health care and a living wage...not the price of sugar
Really?! Big sugar? THAT'S what you think will distract constituents from the cruel health care bill u support! Amazing!
Are you going to be losing money personally from this? Is that why you care so much?
Just like how do tax breaks for wealthy and higher insurance costs for those that need it the most?
Big sugar! It's the scourge of our democracy! Our core values are at stake! #ShowUsTheBill
Meanwhile Opiates are killing, snow storms are leaving communities broke, health care bill secrecy. Be proud PA Pat is taking down big sugar
But lower sugar prices makes it more likely that the 23 mill you want to make uninsured will need insulin shots. #ShowUsTheBill
Lovely. Now, how about bringing the health care bill out of the back room  and into the sunlight.
How does taking healthcare away from ordinary Americans help them? It doesn't. Stop pretending you care about ordinary Americans.
Earth to Toomey,  how are things on Mars?
That's nice. Now please #ShowUsTheBill. And tell us how many Americans you're OK with losing coverage. Thank you.
Sugar? You cannot be serious. Your staff can't/won't answer basic questions about the substance of your secret #AHCA bill. #ShowUsTheBill
Isn't that your new America? Line the pockets of the wealthy. Ignore people who need the ACA? Ignore your constituents?
How does not releasing the Senate's health care bill for the public help ordinary Americans? It doesn't. It only helps GOP cowards.
Since when do you care about "ordinary Americans"? You won't hold any Town Halls! You don't know or care. It's all about Trump & Koch Bros.
It's not all about money. The Dems actually care about the people and their health and their futures. Upsetting that you're so naive.
Well, they also discourage them from buying foods and drinks that cause diabetes. Which probably wont be covered by TrumpCare that you spprt
Do they not have the news on where you are?  How about striking down this bad AHCA legislation. Or, lobby president for NE PA aid?
Let's rank some things in relation to importance:

Big Sugar
Russian interference
Gun Control
Health Care
Global Warming

Pat?
How do tax cuts for the rich help ordinary Americans? They don't. They only help line the pockets of the top 1%.
But if they were American sugar farmers, they would be called small business bootstrappers and get subsidies
The last thing Pennsilvanians will remember when TrumpCare wrecks our heath system is your stance on Domino Sugar.
meanwhile, you seem on the verge of voting to take away 23 million people's health insurance … :/
Can we hear the details of the  AHCA legislation instead of this? Thank you.
Show us the healthcare bill!
You couldn't possibly be more tone deaf if you tried. #ShowUsTheBill
Rep. was shot today with an assault weapon, election may have unduly influenced, and acha is a shame, yet I'm suppose to care about sugar?
How does @SenToomey discussing sugar prices help ordinary Americans? It doesn't. It only help to line his pocket.
I'm a paper maker by trade,but not even grinding Viagra to power & mixing it w/ wood fibers can improve the stiffness & substance of paper.
Ur kicking 23 million ppl off heath care & hiding the bill from dems and the ppl but ur talking about sugar? Have a town hall to discuss
Who is sweetening this deal for you, and to the tune of how much$?
Get lost. Instead of posting some BS about sugar how about you SHOW THE BILL you are working on in secret.
What bill, please tell
You should support higher budget for FDA &USDA to show u how bad sugar is for Americans.
Fda usda need to go away.
Because it's bad to know what you consume?
Yup, they take away our freedom to choose. Crush the small farms, eliminate competition. Nothing like competition to keep businesses honest.
That's hilarious! Your argument *could* work if we were a nation of 1 million people, not 300 million.
It's only hilarious to those people who don't deal with those government agencies.
The agencies aren't perfect but are necessary to protect consumers.
Sounds like substance abuse, that is the useless substance of this world--dust. But woe to him who offends the substance of God.
By deterring people from eating bad sugary foods & slowing the obesity epidemic. That's one way to save on healthcare. #ShowUsTheBill
A bunch of bull.
Right I'm sure sugar has nothing to do with obesity.
And when was the last time you saw a Republican try to prevent major corporations from lining their own pockets? That's kinda @GOP's thing.
Good afternoon Senator, Where is the AHCA bill? What is in it? Are you going to answer questions on it at a town hall? Thanks for your time
