Toomey you are never going to be re-elected again if you go along with the "secret" health care bill. That is not a threat, it's a promise.
PS: security required? 1 campus security guard directing people at the door. At least if you do it right and people aren't angry at you
Halll?
How about a "real" town hall? As my employee (since you DO work for me) I'm telling you to come into the office and have a chat.
"You really don't think that do you. How much did you donate?" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
state senators WORK for their constituents. Their salaries are provided by US. Is that too hard to understand?
"Unless you are a senator, then keep believing that" (since Pat won't answer, I will)

@SenBobCasey listen to this interview to see how little Too discussed details of AHCA and tax reform and focused on goal of 50 votes.
"That's what it be all about! 50 is magic " 
(since Pat won't answer, I will)
Hey, let's do a REAL town hall!  15739
Can we have one in real life? Thanks a bundle!
"FB is real because I say so and my campaign materials will reflect this" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
So if you're concerned about Healthcare costs what's being done about prescription drug prices?Are you ok w MYLAN CEO being paid 95 million?
You stated many different groups have given input to healthcare bill & listed people last after insurance companies. Put PA citizens 1st!
This does not count as meeting with constituents! #TuesdaysWithToomey
#Cowards #Frauds #Liars
#ShowUsTheBill - there are many rt now who deserve a seat at the table in this debate that you're turning away from or deliberately maiming.
Hey senator, when do you plan on doing a REAL town hall?  Your constituents would love to SEE you.
"Love is a little strong. Have you seen me in the morning before coffee?" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Why are you afraid of a real townhall?
That's a chicken way to hold a town meeting!
don't you care abt the over 80,000 jobs that will be lost as well as others lives if this bill is passed & rushed through in secret?
NOW??  Your "town hall" is as transparent as the secret discussions about healthcare taking place in the senate.  Poorly done Pat!
"Is there a back patting emoticon? I did great. " (since Pat won't answer, I will)
My question:  if you don't support AHCA, why not force an open debate?
"Again, Mitch said keep it on the down low" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
One more question:  why are you pretending to be undecided on AHCA?
"Oh I'm not undecided. Gonna burn this down. Gonna watch the opioid epidemic decimate Allentown from my porch!" (Pat won't answer, I will)
Brilliant response
Sir, a live Facebook event isn't a town hall.
You are neglecting your constituents at your own political peril!
"If someone decided they wanted to buy  insurance when they see the smoke, that's not really insurance" Are you for real?#AskSenToomey
"Can't buy HC either, no way pre-existing conditions are covered" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Pro Tip: Casey announced his town hall meetings days in advance WITH a time
Where? I just read he put the info out two hrs before it happened.
Toomey does that yes
Two hours is really not advance notice.
Are his constituents really supposed to check his social media hourly?
it's insulting esp. considering u helped a young girl get her lung transplant a few yrs ago. Do u think she & her family or I are "gamers"?
I was very disappointed in this interview. Those with pre-existing conditions are not gaming the system as you suggest.
Senator why are GOP Senators so secretive about AHCA ?We need public debate on this.
"reality is that this bill will also decimate your work sponsored health plans too. Shhh keep it on the DL"-since Pat won't answer, I will
I know

Per @NoamLevey, McConnells office is refusing meetings with major patient advocacy groups. 
"What's your point? Neither will I." (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Publicly commit to open, public hearings for the AHCA bill before the vote, the same way they were held for the ACA, Senator.
#AskSenToomey you made a statement of the AHCA saying only 13 million people would lose healthcare. How much loss is acceptable to you?
"Obviously what ever my donors say. Shhh the real number is much, much higher"  (since Pat won't answer, I will)
cut 23mil off healthcare then consider those you sentence to death will have nothing to lose. You will be one of the 13 who started the war.
Too bad you LIED in the town hall saying the bill would be public with a CBO score before a vote. LIES LIES LIES. #ShowUsTheBill
Hiding??
"Short answer, no. Just screening my calls" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
That is not a town hall I will be losing my health insurance and job because of you healthcare is one fifth of the economy
"Yeah but the tax break will stimulate the automation economy and we won't need you" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Come out of the closet and show us the health care bill!  We deserve to see it! NO to #TRUMPCARE Healthcare is our most important commodity!
Coward! FB live is NOT a town hall. Where's the hall? Where's the town? NOWHERE. And your voice mail is full. JOBS!? Hire a phone answerer.
Even Trump called its provisions "mean".  Senator Toomey, please take action to ensure this is a transparent process with public input.
"I fully support Trump bc it will help me with the uneducated dopes that will lose coverage in their work plans" (Pat won't answer, I will)
The House bill had no CBO score before a vote and it turns out it’ll kick 23 million people off health care.
"Fake news from a non partisan committee " (since Pat won't answer, I will)
We can’t know if the AHCA improves health care or not if it is drafted in secret and only released right before the final vote.
Show us your bravery: hold an in-person town hall, announced ahead of time so constituents can attend.  FB is a poor substitute.  Shameful.
"Figure out how I can screen questions and I will" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
As a PA Democrat, thank you for doing this. Hopefully it's just the start.
"Don't thank me. I screen questions" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
START SUPPORTING OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP.!!!!!!!
"Ha" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Just straight ridiculous! Shame on you and your fake townhalls.I won't waste my time listening to this crap anymore.  You don't represent me
Please stop the resistance to trump. Let's get healthcare and tax reform passed! #maga
"Tell me how you feel after you lose coverage through you work plan" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Thanks for advanced notice.  Not a townhall.
"I say it is one, so it is! My campaign materials will count these as THs too" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Why are you siding with Dems on EVERYTHING! I will not vote for you again! Help POTUS or be prepared to find another career!
"Mitch and my donors guide me. Step up to the plate $$" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Why did you support sanctions of Russia with Dems when POTUS is against it? Are you part of the swamp that needs to be drained?
"Russia is an evil empire and a sworn enemy of the US. Even I, (not pat toomey) can parody that" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
The simple question here is how many ways can you screw over hard working Pennsylvanians, with your pro 1% rhetoric. #trumpslam
"Oh, I'll find more. Wait till you lose coverage provided in your work health plan" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Get it out in the open Pat. NOW!
We are not interested in talking to you on Facebook, man up and meet your constituents face to face
You are a coward to use Facebook for a townhall. Meet us in person.
You need to come clean about the healthcare abomination you are cooking up in the shadows.
"I don't know much about it. Besides, Mitch said keep it on the down low" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
This is not a town hall, for crying out loud.
"I say it is" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
A coward hiding on-line like a predator; time for a change, time to rid ourself of this henchman.
"Does a coward hid behind Twitter names like zippityz and kimchi?" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Are you kidding? Hiding in a studio screening questions is not "democracy at work"!  Don't even waste your time!
"This allows my campaign materials to say I've had x number of town halls. How many have you had?" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
U do realize that Facebook live is NOT a town hall right? A town hall is held in-person where we can ask you questions. Stop being a coward!
Do a real town hall, Senator. You owe it to your constituents to look us in the eye and defend your decisions.
"I own you nothing. How much did you contribute to me...0.? Looks like you owe me" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
#AskSenToomey Why do you think an online event announced at noon on a Fri is better than an in-person town hall?
"Screeners keep me safe. " (since Pat won't answer, I will)
I'm beyond eager and frustrated, impatiently waiting for you to man up and announce a true town hall. Pennsylvanians deserve your presence!
"Why? To yell at me?" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
105 comments and only 5  
Losers boy...
"It aint the size of your...." (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Facebook live is not a town hall. Just sayin
"I say it is.  " (since Pat won't answer, I will)
I have called, emailed, written letters, and sent faxes ALMOST DAILY since the DeVos confirmation. Where are you? LISTEN TO US.
"I've been busy decimating health care, oops, I mean tax breaks for the millionaires. Do we even have a fax?" since Pat won't answer, I will
WHAT IS IN THE HEALTHCARE BILL? When will we see it? Why don't you respond to your constituents?
"I don't know. Mitch said keep it on the DL." (since Pat won't answer, I will)
A Facebook LIVE event is not a town hall. Stop being a coward.
Why not face to face at a townhall meeting??????
"Mitch said keep bill on the down low" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
If that Healthcare Bill turns out to be a piece of crap, you better head for the Hills.
When I called your office yesterday they told me you had no scheduled town halls? So ummm how can I get a straight answer? Let's talk AHCA!
"Clerical error" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Please think about every decision in AHCA is life or death for some. It needs diverse input and thoughtful review.
"Nah" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
I am blocked from commenting on ur page ACLU is fighting for this access.prove I was vulgar I wasn't but the libtard posts remain
I am a constituent who is blocked from ur FB page denying me access to u. But all the libtard remarks somehow remain ..why am I blocked
Probably because you use truly appalling and offensive language.
Not so and I would welcome them to prove it .....
Maybe start cleaning up your language by removing anything with the word "tard" in it. Incredibly offensive and insulting.
NO I am saying those people get to use the word libtard ........I am a liberal and offended by those words that get to stay on his page
Ohhhhh! I thought you meant the crazies who say that word were the only ones allowed!
Support President Trump!  End the witch hunt now!
NOT GOOD ENOUGH. A town hall means you meet in person, without prescribing questions, asswad.
"Says you" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Notice noone liked your answer maybe you should think about your stupid and hurtful policies
Are u still affraid to have in person Town hall meetings?
When are you going to have a REAL town hall? What you think you have is a joke and an insult to the people of PA
"It only insults the 4/9 who realize we will decimate work provided plans too" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
WOW a virtual town hall! You're Senator Max Headroom.
I urge you not to vote on the healthcare bill being written in secret. Get CBO score and give public and yourself chance to read first.
Thanks for making it very clear that you have no desire for bipartisanship, or a real 2-way conversation.  Very disappointed.  Not surprised
"How much did you donate?" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
I don't use Facebook. Please make yourself available at a venue where I can participate. l have concerns l'd like you to address.
"Is it 2008? Btw can easily screen questions in person. Moose & Rocco can help though" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
GOPCare is going to impact 1/6 of US economy. Why are u afraid to share this with the public? Why can only a few white men decide our fate?
"We always have, why should this be any different, donate more and I'll listen" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Two thumbs down. Hows about a real town hall with some advance notice?
"NO THANK YOU" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Will Toomey vote to take health insurance from millions causing many to die?
A: yes
#AskSenToomey Why are you so afraid to face your constituents?
"I will vote for a bill I had no input in and didn't read."
How about a town hall meeting in Western PA?  If you're afraid of your constituents, I'll dress in a wife beater shirt & BVDs.
"Smiles" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
If I say it's a town hall, it is one. Btw when I run again I will cite all these "chats" in my campaign materials. -Pat won't answer, I did
That's not good enough, coward!
"Does a coward hid behind made up user names on twitter like Kimchi?" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Here's some questions for you. #ShowUsTheBill

Why are you afraid to talk to your constituents? Why won't you publish your ACA replacement plan?
"It's not a health care plan, it a tax cut for me and the 1%" (since pat won't answer, I will)
I need to see the new health care plan so I can be prepared for the future.  Why are you hiding this bill from us?
Now that was conniving posting it on twitter the minute you started it. Not right but that's what the GOP do right? Political suicide.
"Keep thinking that, my constituents will vote for me no matter what" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
We deserve your attention. We deserve an in person town hall. We deserve real answers to real questions.
Why are you avoiding in person town halls with your constituents? #AskSenToomey
"I already am jerky enough. Last thing I need is a bunch of people with real problems asking ?s of a bill which I will vote to make worse"

"Close enough for me to said I had one" 
 (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Why are you refusing to allow your Democratic colleagues to offer amendments or participate #AskSenToomey #AHCA
How about not doing this when the majority of people are at work?  Or at least a little prep time?
"Gotta screen my calls, call me maybe" 
(since Pat won't answer, I will)
HAHAHAHAHAHA yeah right, you're not going to be president, EVER. #AskSenToomey
what is in the healthcare bill? #AskSenToomey
"I don't know, haven't read it but will vote yes blindly"
(since Pat won't answer, I will)
Would you like to borrow the "Help Wanted" section of the newspaper for when you lose your job? #AskSenToomey
No one is asking you about the drapes. We want to see the healthcare bill. #AskSenToomey
This is NOT the same as a face-to-face townhall.  My Question is:
Why will you NOT hold townhalls with your constituents in person?
"If you want the swamp drained, why did you elect me?" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Why would you support killing Dodd Frank, when it's protecting us from another recession like in 2008? #AskSenToomey
WHY AREN'T YOU SPEAKING OUT AGAINST THE SECRET NATURE OF AHCA NEGOTIATOINS? #askSenToomey
" Mitchie said to keep it on the DL" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
WHY DO YOU REFUSE TO MEET WITH CONSTITUENTS? #askSenToomey
"Please donate larges sums of money or apple juice. Then call me maybe" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Why did you support the Saudi arms deal? #AskSenToomey
When I call you every day, do you just delete my voicemails? #AskSenToomey
Do you think if Trump doesn't sign the Russian sanctions bill, we'll get to see Trump's golden shower tape as retaliation? #AskSenToomey
When is your next in person town hall in Philly? I'll save my questions on healthcare until then
"Are you kidding me? Gotta screen my calls. Call me maybe" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
You are a liar. #AskSenToomey
When will you provide the details of the Senate's AHCA bill to your constituents? Why is the bill being kept secret? What are you hiding?
"Ole Mitch said to keep it under wraps. I don't want to make him made, he might not support me. PS It's bad"(since Pat won't answer, I will)
This is a Facebook Live event. Not a town hall.
"Can we just agree to disagree. I say it is a town hall so it is one.  " (since Pat won't answer, I will)
How much do PA voters have to pay you to get you to listen to us? Should I ask Betsy DeVos? #AskSenToomey
Hold an in-person townhall. Stop hiding behind radio and internet interviews. Why are you such a coward?
OMG, you cannot even spell "Town Hall." Delete yourself.
Why are you so hesitant to meet with your constituents in person?  an FB town hall tells me you are too scared.  SHAMEFUL!
The government does a bad job because of people like you. #AskSenToomey
If you have such confidence in the healthcare bill, SHOW IT TO US. #AskSenToomey
#AskSenToomey why are you refusing to hold public hearings on the AHCA, given that such hearings WERE held for the ACA?
"Because constituents work provided Heath coverage will get worse. You'll be ok as robot are in demand " (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Why are you so afraid of holding in person town halls? #AskSenToomey
What do you plan to do for a living once you're voted out of office for supporting Trump & disastrous GOP policies? #AskSenToomey
#AskSenToomey Why are you afraid to hold REAL town halls in person? What's in the secret healthcare bill and why are reps afraid to show it?
"Bill sucks, except 4 millionaires. Btw, this will decimate you work coverage too with op outs and no mandies " (Pat won't answer, I will)
Why are Republicans hiding the healthcare bill? Is it ok to kick millions off insurance & jack up premiums? #AskSenToomey
#AskSenToomey will you commit to removing the veil of secrecy around the AHCA?
"No, it can only hurt the gop to do that".  (since pat won't answer, I will)
I can't even watch this garbage. I lasted two minutes. This isn't a real interview with real answers. What a sham. #shameonyou
Why do you support Betsy DeVos and her dangerously archaic & closed-minded views on education? #AskSenToomey
Senator Toomey, where will your August town hall be? #AskSenToomey
Why do you think the rich deserve tax cuts at the expense of the working class? #AskSenToomey
Is there a good way to know these things are happening before they already are? I can't seem to find a schedule of them. #AskSenToomey
"Sure, become a call screener on my staff" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Are you prepared to lose your job when Trump goes down? #AskSenToomey
Thanks for taking the time out of your schedule, Senator. Many of your constituents would appreciate a public town hall.
"Don't thank me I screened all the questions. Oops I wasn't supposed to say that" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Why aren't you standing up to Republicans? Make the healthcare bill public! #AskSenToomey
#AskToomey When do you plan to host your next in person town hall?
"I'll let you know after the call screeners are seated and ready" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
FYI: a town hall is in person, with advance notice, with question that are not screened. This facebook thing is NOT a town hall.
He can't handle it
Why won't you give us an IN PERSON town hall? #AskSenToomey
#AskSenToomey When will I be able to actually read the legislation for the new healthcare bill & when will we have hearings on  it?
"You won't read it either" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
Ppl in PA would appreciate an in person Town Hall.
No we don't, we're tired of you lefties turning town halls into a tantrum fest. Maybe when you can all be civil..

"" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
"I say it is and my campaign materials will reflect this" (since Pat won't answer, I will)
