So raise taxes on the wealthy and corporations. That's a good start at fixing the debt problem.
You realize DJT is not a conservative and actually hates you, right?  Schemer/Pelosi see this and are using him for a pump&dump, fool.
Wow, the one time Trump does something that benefits thr Anerican people you complain.
Maybe take a stand on the ridiculous billions propsed for a wall. That $ will be needed for climate change disasters. 
You're such a fucking tool.
OMG!  Did you actually do something for other people without regard for your own political or personal gain? It must be an act of God!
Your statement is totally misguided. Fortunately, smarter heads prevailed. I'm embarrassed that you are my senator.
So 1 " town" meeting with 50 people preselected by your PR people ...thats it ? You have THE #1 worst environmental voting record.
Don't forget had a citizen arrested for asking a question in a way he didn't like 
VOTE HIM OUT 
#TheResistance
thanks for the reminder. Vote him out !!!!!!!!
If you don't like raising the debt, vote to raise taxes instead of cutting them! You can't keep on cutting benefits for SS and Medicare!
you are a very sad embarrassment to a fairly embarrassing state to begin with.  #onthetaketoomey
We are disappointed in you. The debt limit concept should be abolished and nothing should stand in the way of relief to Americans in trouble
Pass the relief package at least can't anyone craft s SIMPLE bill????
Why didn't you get it done earlier in the year. You guys can't get anything done. All talk
If you think the debt is too high, try raising taxes on businesses/wealthy or reining in defense instead of advocating #brownbackistan cuts
if Trump's economy is so great - just increase taxes! isn't that what they did in the 90's !  we need MORE revenue not less - fix the ROADS!
we are the richest country in the world but can not afford anything - the idea to always cut taxes instead of paying our debt is idiotic SAD
Agree! When did paying taxes to support our country become such a bad thing?
Debt ceiling needed raised to avoid a credit default. Boo-hoo, you couldn't use it as a political football to reduce corporate taxes. Shill.
Public lands belong to us, the people. Stop pillaging OUR lands! Hands off!
Has your rubber stamp run out of ink yet? Would love to see what Muehler could reveal about you!
Soon you will realize as we already do that your statements and opinions do not represent Pennsylvanians. Town Halls might help with that.
oh hey, yr still 
Oh, I see: Only Conservative Republicans are allowed to play the bill attachment game. Demos playing by Republican rules problematic. 
For many of us who love PA, you just need to quietly go away. Your lack of compassion alone is such an embarrassment.
I'm disappointed you did not support our President and the people of Texas.  That vote will be a blemish on your service.
Elitist pig
You are an embarrassment to Pennsylvania.
More support is definitely needed from US federal government. Maybe fellow philanthropists can follow the early example set by GABM - $10 m.
It is TOO bad YOU can't see WHAT your constituents want,,and it's not Partisan bickering, it is doing the Right thing for all of US #MAGA

Perhaps, but Republicans couldn't come together on ACA (just one vote).
Trump gave the GOP a one finger salute!! You were ALL forewarned; you chose to ignore; good for you!!
Apples & Oranges. One is about paying bills we've already incurred, the other is a budget which the Congress your party controls handles.
Can you please stop with the partisan rhetoric? You have praised and voted for bundled bills many, many times. Let's move on.
If you are so disappointed, I expect you will vote NO to any "wall" funding and use THOSE  funds for disaster relief.
Reading between the lines, you don't want to give any hurricane relief unless there are huge cuts in health insurance, social programs et al
So a GOP president makes up a reason to go to war in Iraq. GOP Congress gives us Medicare Part D. But oh! You're so serious about the debt.
Does he actually have ANY supporters?
Another hypocritical response don't u get tired of talking out of both sides of your mouth.  You continue to embarrass PA voters sad so sad
Can't wait to vote you out of office
Bwahhh ole Pat is a lil butthurt. C'mon 2018!!
Get out of the way, Pat. People are trying to work.
You only oppose tRump because he agreed with the democrats. You are so indebted to the rich you're appalling
How are -you- protecting us from the #equifaxhacks ?  *show us* where your deregulation jihad have HELPED the ppl?
But Afghanistan.  
Toomey is horrible partisan Senator, vote him out 2022.
Tax the fucking rich. Jesus Christ almighty. All models con and pro support taxing the very rich.
Blah blah blah
I'm disappointed you chose to tweet @ this but were silent on Arpaio among other things. Come on Pat, head out of Trump's butt.
I can hardly wait to vote against you You represent what has gone wrong in what was once a party of integrity.
Romans 12:13 When God’s people are in need, be ready to help them. Always be eager to practice hospitality.  So render unto Ceasar Hypocrite
@SenBobCasey @SenateGOP It's disappointing that atrocious toomey has over 5 years left on his term to embarrass Pennsylvania
@SenateGOP @SenBobCasey only slimey toomey would be disappointed when something that helps people is finally passed
#eatadick
Could you please learn how to post your statements This is a shameful way to represent yourself and the people of Pa #learntopost

@SenToomey is just full of statements!
He's full of something all right
Disaster relief funds should never be attached to anything.
Yeah! Boo bi-partisanship! The only time you speak against @POTUS is when actual help gets to the American people. You are truly awful.
Look what happens when you hitch your wagon to the Trump Train. You'll get what you deserve, Pat. I'm sure of it 
I'm happy to see you implying that you won't hold DREAMers' lives hostage when a straightforward DACA bill is brought to the floor.
Just be quiet and keep doing nothing.
what do you care about Americans, Your  healthcare  GOPGENOCIDE  bill would have kill millions. Don't act like u care! A burned Out Shell
What are you really worried about? Get real buddy!
As usual you r completely out of touch, how the hell did anyone justify voting for u!
I never thought your first statement attaching Trump would be for deal with dems. Aren't there some other things in the wind?
Tell me what you think Pat? Do you lie like Trump?
Part 2 Pat if your interested.
Do you lie like Trump sometimes or ??? 
You fill in the blanks Pat
Last and final part Pat.
The question still remains how much do you lie?
Sometimes, part of time or all of time?
Still playing politics. Sad
How about a .5% tax on Wall St speculations to raise revenue? Or addressing the bloated military budget?
A "larger aid package for victims is likely necessary." "Likely?" You must have inside information as who could have ever guessed . . .
I'm disappointed you couldn't jam in a tax cut for the super rich in with the hurricane relief.
This is ridiculous. You know that the money for relief has to be borrowed. Cut spending when you budget, if you have the votes.
owned
You are the disappointment, what was done made sense for US, not politics!!
Seriously what is wrong with you?  You have no concern for the people that voted you into office. Stop voting with 45&do what's right 4 PA
So what, you and your party want another chance to downgrade the country's credit rating again?
What have you proposed? Serious question. Have you done anything except get get paid?
You're really ineffective.  You craft a BAD health care bill in secret which had a 17% approval rating and NO chance of passing. Now this.
You could probably save a few bucks by shutting off the utilities at your state offices since you no longer use them.
I'm disappointed you have "Town Hall" meetings that look like a Nuremberg Rally, including having innocent citizens arrested.
I hate you....that is all
The debt limit is a joke, it is absolutely pro forma and the way the GOP has made it into a huge showdown every time is despicable.
We are becoming obsolete as a nation, many other countries are passing us by.
Our roadways, infrastructure,methods of transportation (high speed trains) airports, & train stations look 3rd world against other countries
I'm disappointed you're my Senator.
We need to spend money. Let's get caught up with the rest of the world. Many countries are far ahead of us.
VOTE @SenToomey OUT 
NOT ANOTHER TERM for him 
He doesn't represent the people of PA 
#TheResistance
You need to do your job and start supporting Trump. Replace OBAMACARE NOW!!!! Speak up again McCain!!!
You and your party have held debt limit and budget hostage for years (ntm supreme court seat) if you're looking for blame, try the mirror
Raise taxes on the Koch brothers and their peers. Instead of working for them work for your constituents
Trump had your back...not. 
Listing @realDonaldTrump third after Chuck and Nancy? That's not going to get you New Years Eve at Trump Tower (Mar-A-Lago may not exist).
Oh oh, you voted for the Orange Prez, he had no loyalty to Republicans- but it is funny
Well Pat, we're dissatisfied with you so GET OVER IT. Your buddy Frump did something you've been unwilling to do, work across the aisle.
You only call out Trump when he costs you money. Not when he's racist, sexist, illogical, treasonous, or just generally a creepy dude.
You're just angry because you are stuck between your beloved Trump and your beloved billionaire donors.
Look at all this bad feedback Patty Cake, it's almost like ppl have being paying attention & know ur a boot licker & r happy u got screwed 
Your boy @POTUS  sold the party out today. Know who you are backing @SenToomey .
What's a matter Patty Cake? Aren't u just happy to help the ppl of Texas like Paul Ryan is? He labels u all republiklans & then sells u out
Hold a damn face 2 face town hall with ur constiuents 2 explain ur position, instead of hiding behind social media.
You are just pissed off, that you and your @GOP colleagues couldn't tie this into #taxbreaks for corporations & the wealthy. #CorporateGreed
This is nothing to do with helping HARVEY victims and all about trying to preserve the GOP leverage in the Senate. Work with the Dems!
too bad you only care about your rich contributors!
You need to read this:
Have a real town hall in Pittsburgh. We need to tell you how disappointed WE are in yours and trumps plans or lack of for middle class
You need to step up and start working for all Pa citizens and work bipartisan as well. Yesterday should be a wake up call to Ryan and Mitch
If you care about the debt raise tax rates for 1% and end corporate loop holes. Instead you plan to do the opposite.
Remarkable how you seem to betray Pennsylvanians with each and every one of your votes.
It's a gift. Lol
Doesn't it suck when you can't hold your constituents hostage? Now, you'll have to convince people that you're right! #haha #snowballinhell
I bet you had no friends as a kid.
How are you always wrong about everything?
You voted against Sandy relief in 2012.  I couldn't care less what you think about this relief bill.
The debt limit money was already spent. America is not a deadbeat so just stop it. You're just mad the GOP didn't get to do the blackmailing
You are disappointing.
Who wants wildlife in dens ( baby wolves and baby bears) gunned down by " hunters" a n low hovering helicopters ? Pat Toomey voted YES
Hey Pat, why do you think that paying the bills, that you have already rung up, is a bad deal for the American people?? Please explain?
right, wouldn't want to HELP anyone else, heaven forbid the government HELP people who need it.
fyi : Toomey voted YES to oil & gas drilling in the last untouched public land in US -the US. Arctic National Wildlife Refuge(Alaska)
And how do tax cuts that the Republican party wants fit into your 'save us from national debt' argument?
Now we're interested in tax reform package (funding for Harvey too) which is a start to reducing the $20T in debt. Then reduce spending.
Did you write that or did the Koch Bros. give it to you?
I know u voted for healthcare but a majority of the GOP has been worthless to our president.Senate R's need to help him pass HC & tax reform
Toomey voted NO on bill that would provide aid to Harvey victims. Sad.
Why didn't you get out front and do something instead of waiting and then criticizing
Very sad. You, Ryan & McConnell wanted an 18 month deal. Just long enough to cover next year's elections. THAT would be the truth..
Maybe if you got healthcare & tax cuts done for our president he wouldn't of had to work with the Dems. The GOP has done nothing for him.
What a crock! What will you say when you vote to give the 1% a BIG TAX CUT? Won’t that add to the deficit? …and TRICKLE DOWN DOES NOT WORK.
Funny how suddenly $$ is there to rebuild homes and businesses, but not to save lives.  I think we can help people with both. #ACA
coward
Concern over the $20 trillion debt:  Let's cut taxes for the ultra-wealthy!
You have to start working together.  You have to compromise or nothing will get done.
So you want to spend money you don't have but don't want to use credit? If you can do that, let me know, otherwise welcome to the real world
Congresses didn't make a move on healthcare when they had a chance, so trump isn't making life easy.
Your Constituents are disappointed in you everyday. You have refused to stand up to DJT in every way no matter how it impacts  us
He can't go to the bathroom without the Koch brothers okay #KochSuckerToomey
If the President didn't have to fight both parties he may have listened. You guys are going to lose the House & Senate if you don't shape up
Just fucking stop talking.
You seem concerned about the debt, but you also really, really want to cut the Koch Brothers' taxes.  I'm sure you'll figure it out.
Tax cuts for large and small businesses are good for the economy.
Do you live in PA?
You're not getting it R U?  We don't NEED your statements.. we ALL know who U R and what U R about....enough already!
Larger aid package? They really shouldn't have to wait 10 years for aid, Pat. Crawl back under your republican rock, dude. You're a disgrace
We need to increase taxes to reduce our debt. Your donors want tax cuts. Whatever will you do?
Better forget about ur tax breaks.
Sen, save us theB.S. We're all aware of you and the GOPs track record!!!
You're awful, shame on you
Maybe Republicans should get their act together, craft some legislation so Trump has alternatives.Voters will remember do nothing Repubs.
Debt largely due to Iraq war Republican liars began
what makes you think you have ANY moral authority after selling out to Trump? just resign and let someone with balls represent us
Oh, and here comes Irma...and Jose.....and Katia
Prevented a circle jerk for the American Public. No confidence in Leadership.
You continue to not understand that you are expected to work across the aisle and represent all of Pennsylvania. DACA what side of history?
#SaveDACA.  #ImpeachTrumpNow.
Spare us the http://speech.You  can never vote bipartisan on anything.It always the R way or no way. Fine.We will remember at the polls
Always sticking up for the little guy
Disappointed? Now you know what we, as your constituents, feel just about every day.
LOL
You got played. Lol keep carrying Trump's water tho. 
Should I forward u all of the clips of urself &  @GOP shills playing games with debt ceiling issue during the Obama administration? #fraud
 Trump sold you out son.  I can't believe Congress actually got something done!
Kinda stooopid line of reasoning, Senator. Two must-pass items passed. If you want to hike taxes on millionaires to pay for it, get on w it
You suck..voting you out of office!
Haha
You sir do not represent Pennslvanians period! We want you gone! Gerrymandering is yourway od getting elected #TrumpRussia #GOPComplicit
Extra! Extra! Chickenshit Senator doesn't like bill because it was bipartisan. Read all about it!
So.....you voted No  You Republicans are heartless!
Who could've known that Trump would've sold you out? How naive are you, Pat...
What's your statement on your own personal police state?
I'm disappointed that you represent my state
