@potus @realDonaldTrump So the rich pay their taxes!!
INSTEAD, I challenge you to show me where it's required that he do so.  
Then you have no right to see them. Get over it. 
Then stop demanding to see his tax returns. Don't care he's still our President. Returns will change NOTHING.
You're delusional. Anything he did as a private citizen does not void the election. Stop listening to CNN. Come with something substantial.
No tax reform until we see 45's taxes!  We need to see how his plan will benefit him and his cronies and hurt Americans! #NoTaxesNoReform
You have NO right to see them.
Um, actually, we do.  But he has no right to take away my freedoms and my choices and that's what he's trying to do.
Show me where it gives you the right in the Constitution. What freedoms and choices is he taking away from you? Can't wait to hear this....
Three days later and still nothing Irene?
Wants to ban Muslims, to silence the free press.  Fortunately checks and balances are working- for now- but he is heading down a dictatorial
What ban on Muslims? When has he "silenced" free press? What rights and freedoms of YOURS? Move away from the talking points Irene.
insurance (which the new budget will do).  Not afraid I will be victim to a hate crime (being a minority).
We need to remove you from office
2022 can't come fast enough
Speaking so much of taxes, can you please encourage your buddy the President to release his and start becoming a transparent public official
and then start to become transparent and accessible yourself.  The sooner, the better if you want a prayer for re-election.
Agree with @SenToomey - The wealthy should be paying much, MUCH more in taxes.
let's start with trump's tax returns. transparency should not be a "nice to have" in POTUS. his conflicts of interest seem to be numerous.
And Obama was soooooo transparent. 
not trying to argue w/u, but how was Obama not transparent? and if Obama didnt show taxes, that would be ok with you?
Show Trump's first!
How about you ask the president to release his taxes? It's not just the press. #RealPA wants to see them.
How about holding town halls so we can discuss what's going on in D.C. Hear the concerns of your constituents
Let me guess, tax breaks for the filthy rich
So Pat, what is your tax rate? I'll bet it's lower than most middle class PA residents.
#1 Rich people need a tax break.  #2 Rich people want to pay less. #3 Toomey wants to pay less.
Let's start with getting @realDonaldTrump's tax returns :) We're never going to give this up for the next 4 years... if he lasts that long
But first- how about a President who actually pays some?
Reminder to you - Trump needs to release taxes before any fair reform begins.
So when you went to CA and met w/the Koch brothers instead of holding townhalls, how much cash did they slip you to repeat this drivel?
Yes we do need tax reform & I hope that's leading the agenda back in D.C. Idc about anyone's taxes but my own ppl r ridiculous, just saying
Please demand @realDonaldTrump release his tax returns! Honestly, this isn't difficult.
@taxfoundation is a lobbying group funded by the Koch Bros, Exxon and others that will benefit from cutting rich people's taxes.
I just can't even... #NoConfidence
How many reasons do you need to ask @realDonaldTrump to release his taxes?
I'll pay attention to your tax crap posts once you ask to see Trump's tax crap
What's your proposal and how would it be different?
Reminder #1. So presidents cannot hide their conflicts of interest by not releasing their returns, under audit or not.
Not interested in tax reform until we see his taxes. We all know tax reform will be written to benefit himself and his swamp friends
Who woke you up Pat?
Oh please. Until you support Trump releasing his taxes you can keep quiet about tax reform for us.
Just remember that tax breaks for your rich donors is not one of them
including forcing Trump to release his?
Number 1. Because the rich keep getting richer.
Stop telling us.  Let us tell you.  Hold a town hall.
Please explain more in person at a town hall in Philly
Couldn't trust w/my Internet Privacy u really believe I'd trust u w/my money. Tax reform must b bipartisan & by reps off the corporate tit/1
Counts u out. #ownedbydonors #UpdateUrResume cuz #UrSeatAintSafe
We need to see @realDonaldTrump tax returns 1st!!!
tell your buddy to show his!
#1 rich people & corporations don't pay any ?
How can we reform taxes if we don't know if the changes will financially benefit the President? #ReleaseYourTaxes #taxday #Trump
#11 Our President?
You can tell us all about it #TaxDay at your live townhall in Philly area!  Oh riiiight, you forgot to hold one during your break. 19333
Before or after we address campaign finance, gerrymandering, and ethics?  #unseattoomey
Trump's golf trips, absentee Senators getting paid, Healthcare for Congress, Melania in NY,  impotent bomb deployment, ... so many things.
Why don't you talk to your pal, dim-witted Donnie about his taxes?
please learn how to thread your tweets, they make no sense. your team could use social media coaching, to be honest.
You'd think the Koch Brothers would have already paid for @SenToomey's team to learn how to use twitter...
have u seen the koch bros.? they're so old, they're still calling it "twittering" ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The reform we need is YOU and YOUR president removed from office! #Inept #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TuesdayswithToomey
We need to see @realDonaldTrump taxes
Why? What will it change? He's your President. 
AFTER we see Trumps taxes we will listen. Not before
If I were General Electric I'd be done January 1st. That's the problem I'm having with this. #incomeinequality
No tax reform till #Trump releases all his #TaxReturns. He must prove he is not profiting from the office of President.
And stop lowering taxes for rich?
Can that include those running for office or pres elects showing their taxes!?
Sure change the Constitution.
It's been done before and we can do it again
Donald J. Trump must release his taxes or we cannot move forward with reform. Stand with your constituents (just once).
Anybody who doesn't already agree with you lost all respect for you 30 days into your term. Save your words for your farewell speech.
Why have you not been vocal in getting the president to release his taxes?  What's he hiding?  #TrumpRussia
He does have to release them cupcake.
Does your list include doing away with loopholes and tax breaks for the rich to avoid paying taxes?  No it doesn't... you are one of them.
Here a reminder: get #trump to reveal his #taxes before any reforms takes place #transperancy
We may listen to you once you demand trump release his taxes and you hold in person town hall meetings with your constituents!
crawl back in your hole. #EMBARRASSMENT
Can we talk about your time management skills? You spent all of recess huddling w/ your rightwing friends to come up w/ 10 tweets.
You could have been holding town halls and finding out what your constituents really want.
#1 reason is to make sure Trump pays taxes #2 reason is to ensure he isn't maying policy based on his business holdings
After all that, you were willing to vote for Ryan's healthcare plan that would have raised our taxes & reduced the top 1% taxes #Toomeysucks
IE, bend over while I cut taxes on wealthy donors.
Can't fix healthcare and your on taxes! Was just mentioned tax reform not happening until 4th qtr at best! You pay attention Pat!
You can work on tax reform when we see Trump's. We deserve to know who owns him & what changes he will personally benefit from.
What right do you have to see them? Hmm, show me. 
on Tax Day you should along with your colleagues be demanding that Trump release his Taxes then talk to me about Tax reform!

You're talking about reform, when one of @POTUS' business is getting a $32M tax break, and he won't even release returns? #noreturnsnoreform
You need to be reminded to put your country before your party and demand Trump release his tax returns!
Sen Toomey doesn't seem to know what that means
Hey Pat?  When's your  next townhall?  As a constituant, I wanna be there.
Is one of them to have our President release his tax returns?
Trump should release his tax returns Trump should release his tax returns Trump should release his tax returns
Why? What right do you have to see them?
Constitutional right under foreign emoluments clause. He also promised to release them but you know how he is with promises...
Wrong......
To include that all elected officials release their tax returns.... all!
Pass an amendment.
1-10: @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is a tax cheat & a fraud and should be impeached. #ReleaseYourTaxes #ImpeachTrump
Is one of them to make it mandatory for people running for president to release their tax returns?
Oh boy. Im sure this will be a pretty good load of bull.
