Happy birthday to the revolutionary #AssataShakur! Today's #SignOfResistance, in Assata's honor, is by @Meloniousfunk. 
PS How could you quote Jake Tapper? Shows where you get your non news That's sad.
Senator, you need to check your history and look at the response from @womensmarch  as to why they posted this.
2/ I too was a little upset first but then I went to their profile and read the reply. There is more to the story and
3/ they absolutely do not condone her violence in any way. PS your racism and misogyny are showing, might want to do something about that!
Young women should aspire to be Senators so that one may take your place.
Twitter only lets me like this, once. Otherwise, I would hit the heart on this comment every single day. 
Young women should aspire to be anything they want to be! PS. Vote no for PA residents on #TrumpLackOfCare please.
Similarly, you should serve your constituents, not let them die of totally treatable diseases.
After reading this letter, I have decided you should not ever speak about what women should do. Period.  @SenWarren deserved better.
She was reading a letter from Dr. Kings wife.  Sessions has proven himself to be a step back to the 70's.  Reversing years of progress.
Of course you would find something negative about a woman to post.  #youareridiculous #votetoomeyout2022 #resist
Are you serious? Suggesting that young women actually aspire to grow up to be cop killers, what idiocy.
And Senators should protect America from authoritarian criminal Presidents
Amen!!
In your eyes, is this proof why we shouldn't have the right to make decisions about our own bodies? You seriously are THE WORST
Young women should not be shot in the street when they call for help.
Senators should aspire to serve their constituents, not wealthy donors and lobbyists. Also should do real work and not garbage like this.
@womensmarch @Meloniousfunk you could meet with young women at a town hall to discuss what we want for our future.
Not a rubber stamp for Trump? Now you're starting to tweet like him too! Does he let you ride in the big boy trucks? #stopbeingawful
Glad you have time to engage in smeary distractions, rather than listen to your constituents who say they want to keep ACA.
they have mastered the art of deflecting.
maybe if you would communicate with your constituents, we'd be more apt to listen to this patriarchal bs.
Senators should aspire to represent their voters, not kill 22 mil Americans for special interests.. just sayin. #toomeytownhall #maga
but no issues with Trump singing the praises of Putin knocking off a few folks who got in his way? So, killers good or bad? I'm confused
Senators should aspire to represent their constituents, not sell their votes.
This dried fruit would do a better job.
#RaisinForSenate2022
Young women shouldn't be shot by cops when reporting a crime
Did you read this one Pat and Jake? Pat, you lost my PA vote on this one and healthcare. I hope a woman beats you in the next election.
Wow! Even more offensive than usual. But keep going. These type of tweets cause more & more women and men to find you completely unstable.
And senators should aspire to do their job. WORD is This? Ur comparison is unsettling. Show up to a town hall...
Senators should represent their constituents not a party agenda.Senators should not,pander to the highest $ donors either.
Any womens' movement that includes Sarsour should be ashamed They're ignorant Would they live under sharia Why don't u speak out @ violence?
Young women shouldn't fear for their lives because of men in power like you. #healthcareforall
Best not to tweet only out of ignorance, racism, and political/career opportunism. Police should aspire to never kill an unarmed human.
since you are now in the business of telling others their moral path, have you discussed with Trump the way he should talk about women?
They should aspire to be Senators. Like the 3 women that ultimately sank your disgraceful health "care" bill
Yes!
Just as bad as you killing Americans with your stance on healthcare, women's rights, and a living wage.  #LooneyToomey
Senators should aspire to meet with their constituents and make decisions in their best interest, not be paid off
Honestly do you understand how foolish I seam? Thinking not so allow me to inform you that you sir need to take a good look at ur morality
Senators should aspire to listen to and help their constituents, not destroy their well being
Senators should aspire to be less racist and to be less supportive of the causes of institutional racism
Young men shouldn't aspire to grab women's genitals either, but you still voted to make one President of the United States.
Young men should aspire to respect women. Young men should aspire to not kill when they become cops meant to serve n protect.
WTF is wrong with you? Never mind you are a Republican just swimming in the shallow end of the gene pool.
Good god, every time I think you can't possibly be more loathesome you prove me wrong.
Senators should aspire to represent their voters and not green light everything a racist, xenophobic, misogynistic faux Christian says/does
You have no right to speak about what anybody should aspire to you soulless twisted sellout.
1Cor.14:34-35;Tit.2:3-4;1Pet.3:5;1Tim.2:9-10;2Tim.3:6:Phil.4:3
Your healthcare bill will cause suffering and death for millions. You have zero moral authority to be lecturing anyone.
way to speak out on this controversial issue.
You should focus on making better policy and less on telling women what they should do.
You, Senator, are the worst.
Glad you're paying attention to anything women are saying #babysteps
Wow Senator. Shameful.
You should aspire to do your fucking job! You're worse than a rubber stamp! You're the ink! #NoConfidence
Young women should aspire to be Senators & take your job!!! You're the worst! Thank God for the Senators who saved us from your dumb plan!
You are a disappointment.
True, but police officers should aspire to be officers of the peace, not the killers of young women. #JusticeForJustine
Senator Toomey, why do you want to kill poor sick people by taking health coverage from 32 million people by ACA repeal? Murderer!
Dude! Put down the crazy politician playbook!! Listen to your constituents. We won't lead you astray like crazy billionaires!
Shame on you @SenToomey! You really should spend time investigating this case before drawing conclusions. @womensmarch knows.  Ask them!
What kind of statement is that?? Your true colors are shining through and your constituents think less of you everyday.
Senators should aspire to help all people.  People can not become fiscally responsible if we undermine their opportunities.

Pennsylvanians cuffed after sitting in Sen. Toomey's office asking for health care to be protected. #StopTrumpCare 
Senators should aspire to work FOR their constituents, not for donors. You're hardly in a position to be lecturing anyone on how to behave.
*largest
You want to have an official stance that goes against women and their latest protest in decades, while taking away healthcare? Just resign.
And by Mongo, I mean the stupid and brutal (and not loveable at the end) GOP health care plan!
Boys  should aspire to be honest and courageous not traitorous cowards.
Young women should aspire to run for public office and end the political careers of those who only help themselves, not their constituents.
Agreed, just as young women should aspire to independently make their own reproductive choices!
Uh the wording in this tweet is revolting. Stop being so patriarchal and demeaning.
Seriously. Wtf is this??
He literally can't write anything without sounding completely horrible.
Men should aspire to not take away health care

Quick! Take a photo op with the troops! You're garbage.
This is not ALL WOMEN.  THE WAY YOU ARE ALL GOP.  I like Jake.  You,  NOT so much.
You are the type of white man that most people find offensive. Thankful @SenBobCasey does the right thing
Retired LEO, I agree but repealing ACA would leave 32MIL w/o healthcare.  That would be a death sentence to your constituents!
What else shld young women aspire to? Bcs u & rest of @GOP would treat us like chattel. #YoureADisgrace #Sycophant #TownHallNow
Don't change subject you'll vote Yes next Thursday yes or no? 32 million off healthcare and Congress will still have theirs YES or NO?
And senators should aspire to help their constituents, not take away health insurance which could potentially kill them.
They also shouldn't aspire to be a corporate shill who has no problem killing 32 million people by taking away their health care
It's just like you to tell young women what their place in society is Just like you tell them what their healthcare should be #shame #resign
GOP senators should aspire to care about people instead of screwing them over at every turn.
Spare me, Toomey. You don't care about women or our aspirations.
the same police officers you want to endanger by making them de facto immigration enforcers? you don't care about the cops.
Men should aspire to be moral,senators not liars and traitors!  You suck Toomey.....
Well, this tweet is about as misogynistic as they come. @SenToomey, just go sit back down in your isolated little corner.
You are a privileged white male. Stay out of this.
you two should start a club for boring shitheads
You've got 32 million reasons to shift focus from #GOP #wealthcare, sir, but don't you think maybe #ElectionIntegrity is more important?
If you vote for the upcoming repeal without a sound replacement you WILL be voted out next cycle!
Don't ever try to be a Senator that  is cowardly and is afraid to meet his constituents in person!
Really swinging for low hanging fruit here, Pat's intern, aren't you? How about holding a town hall?
Speaking of should, shouldn't elected officials speak to their constituents? I send letters; ur replies are unrelated to mine. Tone deaf
Cops should protect & not murder unarmed minorities or plant evidence to get convictions. #BlackLivesMatter #ToomeyTheTool
This is Pat. Pat is a horrible politician who only answers to the rich. Remember Pat is a jerk forever. Don't be like Pat.
Are you ever not in deflection mode?
Falsely accused
Enough with this crap. You're absolutely worthless as a Senator. Try doing something to make a positive difference in Pennsylvanian's lives
Whatever you can do to slander the single largest protest in US history, right? Your voters who participated won't forget this.
You're a terrible person.
Absolutely
Be a little less of a jackass, please!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A tweetstorm, just for you, @SenToomey ...a little more than 21 years ago, my wife and I attended our first childbirth class
Should young men aspire to take health insurance away from 32 million Americans, killing tens of thousands along the way, Senator?
Amen!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
Quit stoking "the Base" and pay attention to your constituents instead of the Koch brothers.
They should also have rights to their own bodies.
This is nothing more than worthless grandstanding for easy points with your base. Get the eff to work.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@SenatorCollins to @ThisWeekABC: GOP health care bill "would make sweeping and deep cuts in the Medicaid program." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
Cut the crap, Senator. We have life or death issues we are trying to talk to you about.


BREAKING: CBO estimates 32 million Americans would lose health insurance by 2026 under Senate plan to repeal Obamacare 

The Senate GOP’s Obamacare repeal bill would increase the number of uninsured Americans by 32M by 2026, CBO says 
