Oh so you'll be lying. Again. Trickle down never works. There is actual data out there to prove that.
The Republicans in thier behind closed doors meeting on #ProGrowth ie the new name for Trickle Down economics
blood spilling inCharlottesville is ok,so no surprise yourTaxCuts4TheWealthy is worth supporting ISIS too
#traitor
US stops surveillance of ISIS convoy at request of Russia http://hill.cm/d9vMDJ8  
oh, so your sticking to the failed "tax reform" bs that you have been trying to sell to the working class. tax reform=more $$$ for top 1%
DREAMers offer substantial economic benefit. FYI
Agreed it is a fact.  White supremacists don't.
As long as we get decades worth of TaxCuts4TheWealthy, all this is ok!
Robust economic growth for whom? Not for the vast majority of your constituents. Only a Fox audience is going to buy what you're peddling.
I did not know you were a creative writing major!!!!! Speculative fiction is a great genre, glad you're giving it a try
Between 2008-2015 -92 companies paid less than 20% in taxes with median job growth of -1%, 48 cutting 483,000 jobs yet CEOs salary rose 18%!
https://twitter.com/sentoomey/status/906172602858786819 …. Now tell me something important or that you've done for PA. Otherwise get to work for Pennsylvanians!
I'll be live in studio w/Fox Biz @Varneyco at 11:15 discussing how #TaxReform will generate robust economic growth.
Go on something other than Fox maybe we will listen
Tax reform is what you called it huh ?
Is the plan going thru the normal order hearing process?  Are you lowering payroll taxes&increasing limits?  Treating dividends like income?
Quit!
Coal is not a ProGrowth industry. Solar is, it get cheaper every day and does not pollute rivers and the air.
Oh stop. You don't care about us. You only care about your wallet. You're a #SpinelessCoward & you need to go. Your #PinkSlipIsComing!
Are you a 12 year old? Not read any history book?“Trickle down” didn’t work then (’86) and won’t work now. #TaxReform is a scam to give 2 1%
Liar!
we would prefer that you were live in PA talking directly to your constituents at a town hall.
I'll be sharpening my ninja business management skills acquired when the last GOP president ran the economy  off the rails
Any news on when you will meet with your constituents? We are anxious to exchange our views with you.
I think you're wrong, that you know it, and so that means you're lying.
And if you're not lying, then you're gullible or worse. No tax cuts for the wealthy.
Climate change is destroying lives and economies.
There is a solution that that does not pollute water and soil
Congratulations yet u will NEVER talk to one single person who voted for you or hold a town hall without knowing what they ask before hand
Ah, a mythical economic theory discussed on the premier mythical "news" network. #voodooeconomics #TaxReform @Varneyco
When will you be doing the part of your job that requires you to have an open town hall?  I know you don't like them but they're necessary.
You guys dusted off Laffer's theories that failed last time and think we're too stupid to know that trickle down doesn't work.
Reagan was one of the worst things that ever happened to our country. Let's not relive it.
Stop calling it tax reform. It's tax breaks. It corporate welfare.
This is an old song Senator. I give it a 40; it's got a nice sound, but we can't dance to it.
Your tax break for giant companies and the top 1% isn't 'reform'.
Be careful, @SenToomey will have you arrested if you don't agree with him or ask difficult questions.
True democracy respects differing views. Only tyranny arrests people for asking questions- which is why I'm not surprised at those actions.
Why do you keep calling it Tax Reform when it's just a Tax Cut?  Please explain how your proposal is "reforming" tax code & not just a cut.
....for billionaires....
Come on down to philly for an open town hall, not a contrived one, and give up fox fake news!
Will any tx reform be for the middle class or only the rich?  The last tax reform only went to the rich
Let me guess, tax breaks for rich and Corps? Tried that it did not work, FOR THE LAST 35 YEARS! Go sell crazy somewhere else.
Growth for you and your 1% friends the rest of us get screwed. Just another bs interview. Go out and meet us in public!
Explain how you voted against finding hurricane victims?!!!!! Embarrassed by your vote.
The only trickle down I wanna see is on the Russian peepee tapes
Are you gonna work with Trumpp's new bestie Nancy Pelosi to create true tax reform or just pander and bend over to the rich. U suck Jughead
More Trickle down economics mixed in with corporate welfare and shareholder dividens and stock buybacks. same old stablishment GOP play.
No one cares because you have no credibility
You do know that's not true, don't you?
with who 10 hand selected people
Want to explain this?
http://Trickle.Down.Does.Not.Work !
Trickle down does not work
How about an unscripted, open, town hall here in Pennsylvania where the 98% of us can remind the 2% you that biz and rich don't need relief
Perhaps robust economic growth would occur if there were less concentration of wealth and resources among a very small % of the population?
No tax cuts for the rich or corporations right? That's not #taxreform. Always crashes the economy and hurts the middle class.
When are you resigning?? Soon I hope!
I hope ppl realize #Toomey's tax reform will NOT drive Eco. Growth & is designed to ONLY really benefit the wealthiest
You voted AGAINST Harvey relief??? You are one of the deplorables who put party above country! SAD!
@ronaldreagan40 explained that already
it didn't work...
Way to suck up to rich people.....you're the champ!
And give huge tax breaks to the rich, while screwing everyone else!
You are a sham! How can we afford tax cuts if we have to raise the debt ceiling?
You voted against Harvey funding
You are totally disingenuous. Listen to Buffet not Koch Brothers. Top personal bracket rates must rise. GREED shouldn't be the rule.
If that were true, than you wouldn't be trying to push it so hard.
Something so great would sell itself....Hello genius?
FOX?! Birds of a feather 
Why don't you try coming to Pittsburgh for a town hall?  We're on the western side of the state, and have plenty of places to hold it.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Senator, please make sure there are solutions to keep $$ saved from "trickling up" to CEOs and investors, instead of down to rank-and-file
Yeah, it won't. Keep wanking to that Reaganite wet dream, tho.
Just like it did in Kansas??
I encourage everyone to go to http://OpenSecrets.org  to see who Pat really works for.
Trickle down DOES NOT WORK!!! Why can't Republicans get this??
Is that the truth or you lying to get tax cuts for you & the billionaires?
Answer my question How much do you lie some, part or all the time
Lies, lies and more lies.
Instead of a worthless wall, how about a firewall around election machines? Or because you benefited, you don't care.
Really @SenToomey? A "no" vote on #HurricaneHarvey relief?! Can't wait until you are voted out. #HurricaneIrma too?
Terrible! Vote them out too! 
Do you support taxing retirement account contributions-  yes or no?
Are you sure you will be live?  You kinda are like a cardboard cutout with a recording playing over and over again. Same , different day
wow, a 6 minute notice,
Tax breaks for the wealthy do not trickle down. They *do* become donors, but you can stop pretending they're anything but corruption.
Will you talk about paying for corp tax cuts by taxing 401k contributions & raising home taxes? Thanks, that'll be great for the mid class.
Republican Tax Reforms always benefit the rich, it Never "Trickles Down" !!!
@SenateFloor @HouseFloor  #BadRepublicans
Yo Patty, Looks like the people responding have already figured out that your full of it. Gee... there's a surprise!
If it gets done 
Oh senator, how many times do we have to tell you that we know it's not "reform" it's a massive gift to your billionaire donors?
I am live on Twitter saying you are full of baloney
Won't b voting 4 Pat Toomey ever again! Should of supported our/President agenda! Hope we dont find out he's crooked!
I'll pull a page from your playbook and ignore what you have to say ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Fox Biz, huh? Why not just shout into a toilet?
Resign.
Are you going to discuss why you voted No on the bill for Harvey relief?
Spreading more lies, Senator? Sad and shameful. Your plan will hurt the middle class. You know it, I know it, everyone knows it.
What you're proposing is trickle down economics. It doesn't work. Trying the same thing over & over, expecting a different result= insanity.
and then will you discuss how to seed clouds to put out the fires in the western US? That would be good, too.
So, you'll be lying... Again. Got it.
In other words, you'll be on Fox Biz lying at 11:15? Awesome.
And help make the 1% even more wealthy but what do you care!!
*for the top 1%.
