Pat: PLEASE don’t support the illegal & unconstitutional DACA!
Growth for the rich doesn't help the rest of us you fool. Drinking Trump's Kool-aid I see.
Horseshit.
figures don't lie but liars figure- this is total TBS - Reagan was first an since he was potus workers wages have gone down - SAME CRAP- SAD
You are also hiding ACA repeal in it.  Be honest.
1/ I am leaving 4 intense days in DC & now have a very different theory of what's going on in HC. Will tweet soon.

Follow if interested.
It sounds like the current plan will result in middle class tax increase for many PA residents, how is that good??
They haven't put any numbers or limits to the bill yet how do you know who or how we will be affected.
If they get rid of state and local tax deduction that hurts pa middle class.  Common sense tells me that.
bull
Read my lips:  TRICKLE DOWN DOESN'T WORK.
You can have concentration of wealth or you can have democracy but you can’t have both. Killing the estate tax widens an already huge gap
GOP no longer interested in Democracy, and are beholden to oligarchy.
If you cared about the deficit you wouldn't have approved the wall or initiate wars you did not intend to pay for. You're BOUGHT. #Brownback
We've heard this all before
This is complete BS and a smokescreen for tax giveaway to Toomey's billionaire buddies. The ones he represents in DC. Not us.
E.g.....
 ALERT: Sen. Johnson has an amendment to the budget to allow full ACA repeal to pay for tax cuts for the rich with 51 votes.
It increases my middle class taxes. Vote no.

Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
Tax reform needs to be for all.  The upper quarter pays shoulders most tax burden. They create jobs and inc wages
Great thought, but what happens when no one can afford to buy?    Oh a depression.  Hmmmm
You suck!Team trump gets a nice tax cut at the people's expense. Over tax us and sabotage affordable health care. What a great ideaGo away!
robs from the poor and  gives  to the rich ,  why don't you be honest  for 1 time in your ending political career
remind us again which tax cuts reduced deficits? reagan? bush? kansas?
Did you vet this tax plan like you vetted Betsy DeVos whom you didn't know had "paid" Trump for her position, until after you voted?
Just tell the truth: tax cuts for the rich will secure needed finan$ing for your reelection, as will your support of NRA. Filthy blood money
hasn't this exact argument been used for 30yrs?  How exactly do you guys plan to pay for the wars you seem to be running headlong into?
Your plan doesn't do any of these things
Bullshit!
Koch, Koch, Koch, Koch and Bull
Bush said we'd pay off the debt and grow the surplus by reducing taxes. 20 Trillion reasons later, he was wrong and the GOP is wrong again.
And still they try to sell this rant.
And the moron Trumpies are like The Walking Dead believing everything the @GOP says.
Drop the estate tax repeal, give more tax breaks to middle income folks & then we can talk. The current plan is rediculous.
I can only hope PA voters finally see through you and vote you out. #republicanshill #notworkingforthepeople #outforyourself
Your theory is entirely speculation. You strongly believe that IF we do this right...IF??? Give me a break, we aren't playing Monopoly here.
I don't get the impression that people agree or sympathize with you. Back out and try again
Insanity=doing same thing and expecting different results. Trickle down is a disproven idea! The GOP tax plan harms Medicare & Medicaid.
You are lying. Your tax cuts for the rich only helps the rich, on backs of poor and middle class.
Then why does Mnuchin and POTUS support increasing the deficit to achieve these tax cuts?
This is trickle down economics ,Reagan destroyed our economy with trickle down economics and it took almost a full decade to recover from it
Fake growth, tax cuts for wealthy
When did this work? Never.
There ya go, @SenToomey, drinking the GOP/Trump kool-aid again. It’s almost like you believe these lies.
Yep, sounds like the deal of a lifetime.
Pat Toomey, Pat Toomey, steals from the poor and gives to the rich. Gloomy, Gloomy Toomey.
Not according to @SenBobCorker. With your plan all we get is tax cuts for the rich, less help for the poor and a higher than ever deficit.
And I have some swamp land for sale
You keep saying this but not one shred of evidence presented. I bet that us because there isn't any. Prove me wrong, show me  FACTS DARE YOU
No intelligent economists think this. We’ve tried dumping money on the rich for decades. They simply keep it. Plus, we NEED Medicare!
And who do you think is going to pay for all the funerals?
#BS Ur PA's version of @realDonaldTrump the #Grifter-in-Chief Ur bought & paid for. #UpdateUrResume cuz #UrSeatAintSafe
Says who?
Sen, respectively, you done banged your head. The budget and tax code being put forth is an absolute joke. Screws lower middle class like me
You're helping the rich get richer and there's no denying that you're one of that group. Any children there you can take candy from?
Has CBO confirmed that assertion?
The economy seems to be growing well without giving money to the 1%. Using orwellian double speak just proves what a Jughead u are.
Lets make sure you take care of your rich buddies. Time to retire Pat.
After 30+years of Reaganism,we know tax cuts for rich don't help economy. Middle class are job creators with more purchasing power.
At the expense of the middle class who will be paying more in taxes while the wealthy pay less #theresistance #RealPA @TuesdaysToomey
Liars!
Embarrassing that a senator from my state is preaching this silliness.
Reminiscent of voodoo economics.
Let me pick just one thing that is so very wrong with this plan; republican want to cut Medicare a social security program that people who worked paid into. NO cuts for medicare. This is going to go out everywhere battle line are drawn, Sir.
Liar.
It is Trickle Down Economics. A proven fraud on the American people. It only benefits the fichnand corporations, no one else.
@SenToomey, we do not support putting more of OUR $ in the pockets of the rich, including YOU!  Quit throwing shade.
You are a lobbyist not a senator.
These are incorrect and outdated arguments
@SenToomey keep trying to convince yourself that's it's not a gift to the wealthy. No one else believes it. #faketaxcuts
How much will your rich buddies benefit? Also, no tax reform should proceed until we know how Trump benefits. #TrumpTaxes #TrumpIsAMoron
Trump benefits by getting a huge tax   break which he will pocket.
Your goal continues to prove to be to increase the wealth of the wealthy and the hell with the rest of us. Trickle down economics doesn’t work. Reagan’s plan proved that.
Toomy is as deranged as Con Man Don.
You mean that it will help put more cash in the pockets of you and your donors.
If only you worked for the people you represent instead of the ones who pad your bank account
Tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of the rest of us and the environment. A bad deal for the 98% and those of us who breathe.
Please explain how it will decrease the deficit?  If you say trickle down we know it's all smoke.
Cutting benefits for the poor and lining the pockets of the rich - that is what your tax plan will do!
This has been proven not to work over and over again.  At least be honest and say your buddies need tax breaks.  Don't sell it with lies.
Either you're a liar, or you haven't read it.

You are a fraud and a liar.
#TaxReform is a money grab by the rich, with CRUMBS for the working class. What about the years of whining about exploding the deficit GREED
we played this game in the 1980's all your dynamic scoring nonsense isn't going to pay for the debt you will rack up
Heard it before, Trickle down economics hasn't worked in 30 yrs other than to hold back the middle class. Your Wall St history is showing
Only if it truly revamped and not just a cut in rates - why the increase for us seniors from 10 percent to 12? I’m paying kids bills.
Still waiting for the trickle down to work
History proves this is a lie.
Your plan just gives richest tax cuts. The rest of us will pay for it. Be honest, please.
It will allow billionaires to not have to make their deferred tax payment due next year & instead put billions in their pockets. Liar
It could, but not what you are proposing. Think! When has trickle down worked?
Not the way you're doing it. What you're proposing will wreck the economy and further erode our democracy.
Wrong
Who is "us?" Convince me that I'm a part of "us," because I don't see how this helps regular people like me, just rich people.
You're a liar.
Agree your tax cuts will help the economy grow. Who benefits is where we disagree. You’re just shoveling more money on top 1%. No thanks
A fresh pack of lies!  Well we know we can count on you for something...
A revamped tax code will only enrich the wealthy and will hurt the middle class - your constituents are speaking - are you listening?
Don't screw the middle-class
YOU LIE
No, just benefit the 1%. http://TRICKLE.DOWN.DOES.NOT.WORK .
How much growth are you expecting the tax cuts to generate to decrease the deficit? Math and science haven't been @GOP strengths.
In no way will it do that and it screws anyone who freelances or has to work in the gig economy - which is pretty much everyone now
You really should be more concerned about your constituents than your big $$ donors.
Do you truly believe your lies?
Are there any non-GOP empirical models to support your claims? Inquiring citizens want to know...
You realize we all have access to the numbers that tell us your tax cuts for the wealthiest ADDS $2 trillion to the deficit, don’t you?
Wrongo.
Let's deal. If the budget reduces taxes for those making >175K, or touches SS or medicare-caid, You'll forfeit all your assets. Good deal?
I'm an MBA and this is utterly ludicrous. Has @SenToomey met math or basic economics? Only the rich benefit & debt explodes.
Restaurant owner turned expert knows not what is good for his constituents, only his own.
Link to studies that prove this assertion. Oh that's right they don't exist.
Translation: my mega donors don't have enough money & they want me to get them more, so pony up middle class & poor folks.
"If it's done right." Ah, there's your escape clause when somehow the obscenely rich get richer and the poor stay poor!
And Ron Wyden, though you name check him, disagrees with your proposals.
Look I want this. $2,244,525 is not enough money for me. The most important deficit is the one between me and wealthier congressmen.
This sounds like absolutely BS to me. @SenToomey, when and where is your next, maybe I should say 1st, Town Hall meeting in Western PA?
How about revamping the tax code so it benefits all Americans instead of just the wealthy? Trickle-down has been proven NOT TO WORK!
Same folks pitching this scenario are the same do-nothing CONGRESS, ENDLESSLY LIE!  Who to believe....no one.  WIll it get done?
Congress is like the movie Ground Hog day, nothing ever changes.
On the backs of which constituents?
Stacks of papers, binders, and emphatic handwaving does not make this lobbyist funded charade a well-informed and democratic process.
Why don't you hold a Townhall so you can explain your reasoning to your constituents?
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski $1.5TrillionTaxCuts in Medicare/Medicaid 4 #CorporateTaxCuts & #DeathTaxRepeal-Plz stand 4 us
Shame on you
Do you think you have ANYONE fooled? It's trickle-down economics on steroids; doesn't work.

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Lies benefits the wealthiest few hurts the rest. Shame
You cut social program, underfund schools, and cut taxes for business... That's a balanced budget for you? You prioritize poorly.
It works for middle class if trickle down works. Try it for a few more decades to see if it ever does? What's the definition of insanity?
Pat such double talk  !!! Give the 1% tax breaks ???  Stop the death tax for a few?  Dude in PA we don't buy your Crap anymore...Like HR
Pat Toomey's revamped tax code will shift money from Medicare and Medicaid to the rich's pockets. Which do you prefer?
My vote was miscalculated.
Bullshit.
LIAR! No such thing as trickle down! Proven. You are killing middle class & poor. Evil! How many $$$$$ do you get from special interests?
There are traffic cones with more sense about tax policy than you.
#PanderingPatToomey
How do you get through life when your pants are on fire every waking second?
By taking money from the Koch Brothers to fund his lifestyle.
Those cool dollar bills soothe his burning bum?
Voodoo trickle down economics has been tried before and does not work except to line the pockets of the wealthy.
You do know that you are lying Right?????
resign.
You are just as delusional as the rest of the GOP
