Only a priority if someone can steal $$$ from someone to enrich our Russian overlords.
Christie the criminal as well as potus the traitor. You do not deserve your seat.
GOP: black ppl with drug problems lack personal responsibility! White ppl with drug problems have a disease and it's a tragedy! 
how about medical marijuana for people with chronic pain instead of the pills
Young lives cut short before their time by drug abuse.
Like you care about heroin addicts you're not in touch eith any constiuents
YOUR THANKING AN "ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT" and a "BRIDGEGATE" SCANDAL MAKER FOR TRUMP! NOT FOR PA!
Signing a piece of paper won't make it go away.  Resourrces needed for someone other than the Trump class.
if u held a townhall u could explain why #trumpcare was good for our national problem and Christie aren't u in jail for #Bridgegate yet?
Meanwhile trying to strip mandate that insurers pay for drug addiction treatment.  Disgraceful !
I am ur constituent @SenToomey  ur support 4 this puppet prez, who is incompetent and likely treasonous, will end ur career #CountryB4Party
#TuesdayswithToomey was outside your offices  asking you to #ProtectOurCare. Medicaid exp provides mental health & substance abuse treatment
When I email you about this, email me back. I don't need to you waste paper on a Another BS form letter.
especially since you're sitting by while Trump destroys the environment.
@SenToome Do your research Trump has had the coast guard making drug busts to stop drugs from coming.
Was ending healthcare for 24 million Americans going to help too? The GOP "priorities" are very hard for this independent to understand.
and would Trumpcare have helped end the epidemic?
the problem with epidemic is the pharmaceutical. There are options but addicts refuse
supporting trump express train to jesus care. you don't give a shit just money #onthetaketoomey
You supported a health care bill that would have defunded treatment centers. You can't even keep your own lies straight now #gopforsale
Why did they not put abuse treatment in the healthcare bill they touted as a great plan. Their interest in not genuine. Do not fall for it
We agree! Too many lives lost. So when are you going to announce that you support universal health coverage?
Just to be clear, I've seen no indication that @SenToomey wants to maintain the health of anyone but his rich, out-of-state donors.
Toomey needs to have a town hall in Pittsburgh.He works for US.Wall has NOTHING TO DO WITH OPIOD DRUG CRISIS. Christie is WORST choice 4 it
He's not working for us.
My god we miss Katie McGinty. #shouldhaveelectedher
time to get med marijuana moving in Pa. no addiction no overdosing & relief of chronic pain problems
I totally agree!!  Let's get it going!!
What level of concern did you have during the devastation unleashed during the crack cocaine epidemic? Poseurs. Frauds.
How can u claim to be concerned about drug use when u were willing to vote for Trumpcare. At least be honest that u care about donors not us
Well at least he didn't make Christie in charge of "weight watchers" !  When is your town hall mtg in Allentown?
by removing insurance coverage for millions. Whew, glad he has a handle on THAT solution!
it was not in his healthcare bill.That's nice that they're studying it.These people need actual help.Put your money where your mouth is.
maybe the doctors should stop prescribing more so many opioids at the bidding of big pharma, people getting rich at their expense
why can't you be more like senator casey? You know, the PA Senator who actually cares about his constituents.
a commission is not action. What ACTION will be taken? #TrumpSycophant
Thanks for fucking over my wife and daughter today.
You are a Republican tool and care nothing about your constituents. Can't wait to see you voted out.
Right! Then make sure next healthcare bill does not drop addiction treatment! 19106 @TuesdaysToomey #tuesdayswithtoomey
perhaps your votes against universal healthcare, public education, and for corporate greed makes people want to kill themselves?
Having health care to treat addiction would help.
Come to Pittsburgh. Tour Braddock. See what real compassion looks like. #NoConfidence
great idea,  how about you hold a town hall to discuss with your constituents! Its been a long time since the last one.....
@SenBobCasey is having one or two coming up, maybe you can join him, if you cant figure how to set one up yourself that is.
Ending healthcare for 24M would only make this situation worse, take your head out of your buttocks!
@potus thinks opiods come from Mexico. His HHS head doesnt want ins co's to pay for addiction RX. NOT their priority. #behonest
What could possibly go wrong?
Appointing Kushner to take care of it, with no medical or drug addiction related experience, really shows how much of a priority it is.
Then why do you want to strip funding from Healthcare that would cover treatment and rehab? Your words are meaningless, action matters.
U r fuckin joking right?If he had his way all funding to fight drug abuse would be gone Get out of your party mindset and do the right thing
Lives will also be lost if we don't have comprehensive affordable health care for all, including addiction treatment. #FixACA!
If you honestly believe this, then DO NOT CUT FUNDING FOR NIH !!
Yes, too many. And no, POTUS won't do anything to make it end. You are too gullible by half, sir
If you really care, please fight to keep the services that would be lost by repealing the ACA. They are invaluable in fighting this battle.
Before? Under a Dem POTUS? they could just croak then, right? You only serve party and purse. And I'll bet u go to church TOO
You like the wrong people!
Quit being a stooge. You supported Trumpcare which would've gutted treatment. Accepted big bucks from big pharma.
Waste of $ commission.  No mention of Big Pharma.  Stop with the lip service.  Shame on you!
so come and talk about it with your constituents in a town meeting!
This man is a,lost cause
But your trying to take away healthcare coverage that helps pay for this.
What happens after addicts get clean?  What health care are you providing then?  Oh right...forgot.
what about all the other addiction sufferers?? Only opioid addicts matter?? Shame.
hey,  didn't he try to take a treatment out of current health care?  You're a peach toomey.
BREAKING NEWS..

Russia fires everyone at the DNC 

Maybe some these trolls shud go sign up
making it a priority by trying to eliminate funding and insurance regulation to treat it. Right.
Another Rubberstamp Toomey
answer your phone, coward.
hope better than handling NJ, have a town hall & stop thanking trump's people
Disappointing to see you go back on your word to not be a rubber stamp. Lead, don't follow. #SenatorCandyDish
you're such a hypocrite !
are you thankful  as well that he colluded with Russia?#partybeforecountry #treason #corrupt
...  Wake Up!!  an EO and commission won't do ANYTHING!  Where were you all when this came up years ago!!
he should be in jail with his help he abandoned in jersey
what are you talking about?  You wanted addiction coverage removed from ACHA!
also.. Honestly,Pat; I know u r not too aware.u must notice that CC is NOT regarded in NJ as e/affective.
taking health insurance away from millions of Americans certainly won't be helpful #GOPLiesMatter
@RepRyanCostello Health insurance should provide coverage 4 mental health care: talk therapy, Med Mngmt & substance abuse
BULLSHIT....stop the big PHARMA lobbyists, stop taking their $$$$, get them..like tobacco..off all media
WHEN BIG PHARMA STOPS PAYING POLITICIANS,DRs,COMMERCIALS...drug prices will come down @TuckerCarlson
Stop the ratlines.
Drug abuse treatment should be part of a comprehensive Universal healthcare plan. ACHA was cruelly not that.
Where in the world have you been???????
@All100Senators @POTUS @GovChristie @WhiteHouse 91 people die a day 35 relates to heroin
you, the unwilling led by the unable. Prediction: nothin will happen because PT will not be found.
.@SenToomey if only there were a healthcare plan for all that covered addiction, mental health, and rehab.... Hmm...
Gov Christie is a crook, Trump wants to slash federal money for healthcare, How is that a fucking priority?
This executive order doesn't really do anything to solve #opioidcrisis. Its just another "study". Read it.
great reason not to cut health care coverage of opiod addiction or govt research funding on opiod addiction
I'm a OH retired police lieutenant. All you're doing is hiding a problem under a rug, and claiming victory.

.@SenToomey Trumpcare would have cut ~$5 billion dollars from treatment. You're lucky this never came to the Senate.
We know how you've let down PA parents who have lost kids to opioids, like @TinaRalls1. We won't forget.
PLEASE RT: A #RealPA mom in Lehigh Valley describes how @SenToomey disappointed her when she lost her son to heroin https://youtu.be/CLAdApghzBk 
President Trump is losing support in this hurting community as well. His policies will further the epidemic.
There must be thousands of other parents who lost their kids to heroin who voted for Trump, thinking he would help. https://twitter.com/kharyp/status/844505575111077888 …
you sold my browser history for $143,456 but at least I won't turn to opioids.
Last time Christie had priority, a woman died on a bridge for political revenge.
We have the clear answer - whichever side writes @SenToomey  the biggest check
maybe it's a bit too important to be left to willfully ignorant people to address, however.
