Secured agreement from House, Senate ldrship to further tighten North Korea sanctions w/my bipartisan BRINK Act: https://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=news&id=1963 
sanctions likely work for Russia, Iran, etc, very unclear with North Korea...
Sometimes I think you're trying to be a parody of yourself
You haven't quit yet? What are you waiting for? Just go away please so we can get someone not licking comrade trump's taint all the time
I don't often agree with you, but thanks for your vote on this
There are consequences when a you vote and suck up to Trump.. 2 women Sen. 's have more Courage then you. Sad.
We should only sanction a nation if we are at war or preparing for war, creating economic instability just out of spite is wrong
And HOW exactly does this help working Americans struggling to make ends meet?! Stop playing geopolitical chess and fix THIS country!
One thing I actually agree with you on. Great!  When is your next in person town hall?
So why was the lawyer for Alfa Bank (Russia) nominated to head criminal division at DOJ?
Go Home Toomey, you are  insignificant compared to this man !
Tell me you are not the least bit afraid of trump as the one in charge of everything.
We have not forgotten! (watch my right hand, while my left hand is in your pocket)
Finally, you said something that makes sense. Now, stand up for our Democracy and protect us from the THUGS in the Whitehouse.
Maybe speak to your POTUS about your Russia concerns. But that would take balls and you've made it clear you lack those.
This may be the only thing we agree on Senator. Now finish the job and #ImpeachTrumpNow
Love your covering for a shell of stance in foreign policy.
Senator Toomey and everyone else, here is damning testimony about just how high the stakes are:
What about when our President and other elected officials do it?
It's weird how you were elected by almost the exact same margin as DT in PA. You don't owe Russia anything? Really? You shouldn't be senator
And remember your buddy trump wanted to lift those sanctions
Yes there are. Now impeach the idiot who is embracing them.
You're marketing this as a win? We shouldn't have to protect decisions from idiots within a branch of government. Oh, wait- you.
Pathetic to try & take POTUS power away to negotiate with countries! Backstabbing GOP
Wow. Way to say absolutely nothing.
You bums that want heath insurance need to get a job with health benefits like 75% of us do. Stop freeloading!!!
Seriously????  Get the healthcare and taxes done!!!! DO YOUR JOB!!!!
Jumping on a new bandwagon? 
Or trying out a diversion tactic?
So what are you doing about the #Russian #agents in the WH?
Now can we pass some sanctions against the GOP for colluding with a treasonous Russian colluder and allowing his hateful agenda to progress?
TRUMP is the biggest threat to global stability.  He's a Putin Puppet who is going to get us killed in a war with N Korea. #ImpeachTheFool
Please meet witb us, we are your constituents.
So what will you do when Trump vetos the bill? What are you doing to actively protect us from more Russian election interference?
Glad you passed bipartisan sanctions! Now pass a bipartisan healthcare bill.
It's ok for Hillary
Now you need to impeach the person (45) that enabled them!
There are consequences when our own nation does it too!
But you sit quietly by while the president pretends Russia didn't interfere in our election
How about the consequences of your actions and those of Donald Trump against the American people?
Please vote against a health bill that your GOP friends called a fraud.  Please care about the people in your state.
Get the boss  jr Flynn and the rest of the gang to tell the truth- what do you think #skinny Toomey?
One thing we agree on... now about this healthcare debacle... please vote no!
I agree that we must be vigilant against these attempts and was glad to see that there was bipartisan support
Trump suggest he will veto sanctions on Russia, "he will be tougher on them" without sanctions.  How freak'in stupid does he think we are
Are there consequences when a PA Senator undermines domestic stability & threatens their constituents to deliver tax cuts for the rich?
So what about Russian interference ? Guess you and the boss think didnt happn- what says u skinny toomey???
Why do we fund the Saudis who fund Isis and place Sanctions on Iran who fight ISIS
Their r consequences to all those who u force a horrible healthcare bill on. You will be responsible for many w/o cvrg toget thecare needed
dear dear delusional man, most thinking Americans are more concerned with Trumps dealings $$$ with these bad actors.
There are consequences when you don't talk to your constituents.
As someon you represent I didn't necessarily support the Iranian sanctions but I'm ok with the NK ones. Russia on the fence about tbh
but that is not Trump's position - why ? Russia - again your inaction is a problem - this crap with Senator Murkowski is shameful - speak up
yeah Trump wants to veto sanctions against Russia, he will be tougher on them all on his own. that's laughable and scary.
There are consequences when Sens vote for bills that take away health insurance for 16-32 million Americans. Whose side are you on?
There are also consequences when American Senators vote to strip constituents of healthcare. #WhatsPatUpTo
There are consequences when you pass & put into law a Health Care bill that is just something to give Trump a win no matter how detrimental.
A step in the right direction. Since you are on a wave, can you actually talk to PA citizens about healthcare, which us a right, and do good
There are consequences when Senators undermine our stability & threaten USA.  Glad we'll be voting you out of office soon.  Resume time!
Remember when you voted for the puppet Putin wanted in the Oval Office and you told PA at 6:45PM 11/8? Since then you've voted with him 96%
Do something about the traitor in the WH #LockThemAllUp
Yes but you are still enabling a leader that has admitted collusion! Time to do what you are paid to do and represent PA not big $$
This is one of like 3 times in all of history I agree with you
NO SKINNY BILL
There are consequences when you don't do your job. It's called YOU finding a new job in #2020
There are also consequences when you take millions of peoples' healthcare
First intelligent thing you have said in 7 months
There are also consequences when you vote to repeal healthcare for millions without a better plan in place - blood will be on your hands
Say Pat will u keep a close eye on what potus does when he gets the bill on his desk Will u keep kissing his ass or will u be a patriot
Yeah. You care. #coward
Finish  the task. Impeach trump
Again, we appreciate you going out on a limb to stand up against Russia, Iran & NK.  How unique.  Now about repeating Obamacare?
There are also consequences for ignoring the interests of your constituents Pat! #2222 #KillTheBillDontKillUs #toomeytownhall
There are consequences when you take away constituents health coverage!
There are also consequences when you repeatedly ignore your constituents wishes & vote to take our healthcare away.
There are real consequences when people don't have healthcare. Do the right thing.
I wish they'd pass a sanction against you :/
Thx for the work on repealing ACA, my premiums and deductibles doubled each of the last 4 years since old policy canceled & forced on ACA
The Russia investigation needs to be given due diligence. We have to know what went on so we came remain vigilant to future interference.
Me too. Now it's time to get very serious about indentifying Russian disinformation that is influencing cyber and political discourse.
And there are consequences when you vote to take my health care away.
Are there consequences for the senator of the state not listening to his constituents???
Agreed with the first and third, but what did Iran do? We should be more mindful of putting the brakes on a mending relationship.
They didn't even need your vote to do that. Let's talk about the fact that you are destroying our HC just so you can get 1 in the win column
Even you, the wrong type of "patriot" knows that POTUS is unhinged and dangerous, yet you continue to support to further horrible GOP agenda
So, when do you start supporting impeachment as a consequence of Trump's collusion with Russia?
It's a good first step but u are still complicit in aiding a traitor & guilty of authoring #wealthcare-Fix ACA, #Impeach45 & save urself
Plus one.  Please do not support the skinny bill. This is not how bills should be written in the Senate. It will hurt people.
Yes there are . Remember that next election when you will pay the consequences for your failure to follow constituents desires. Vote NO !
People are fed up with you. Take The same healthcare you are trying to give us
#KochSucker #SaveACA
You and @realDonaldTrump threaten Americans with you cuts to health care.  We should sanction your pay and healthcare benefits.
@SenateFloor
I am worried too about our global stability&tweets. How about some Trump sanctions
I hear the House just passed a 1.3 billion down payment on that effing wall we don't need but we can't afford healthcare
I'm glad the WH Comm Director says things like, "I’m not trying to suck my own c*ck." Here's to GOP family values and your love of Trump.
I care more about health care not your damn sanctions bill that the baby in the White wouldn't sign smdh
Funny you mention consequences, you #SpinelessCoward. We will vote you out for going after our healthcare.  Your #PinkSlipIsComing!
Are there? You just seem to care about wealthcare for your corporate puppet masters.
I'll give you this one Senator. It was the right thing to do. Now start working on healthcare and infrastructure with the dems as well.
We agree on this but this President will sway you once again.
get a spine. supporting the sanctions bill was a no-brainer. you had plenty of cover. we need you to protect healthcare.
classic deflecting tactic. swell.
How about growing a pair and do what's right for every day Americans, stand up to POTUS, craft a bipartisan healthcare
You wouldn't be a Senator right now if Russia hadn't interfered.  If you really want to denounce Russia, resign.
I like how you pretend to give a shit about stability as you kick 100s of thousands of constituents off healthcare. The real threat is you.
At last something we can agree on. Now please don't trash the healthcare system.
THERE ARE CONSEQUENCES TO YOUR HEARTLESS THREATS ALSO
Yeah, there are also consequences when Senators vote party over people. As in you and healthcare. I'm a constituent and you embarrass me.
Please maintain the *appropriate* sanctions against Russia despite the pressure from the administration.
PLEASE get our incompetent, unstable, world threatening President out of there!!!
amen. he is more of a threat to our safety on so many levels than all those nations put together.
well good for you.  When's your next town hall Senator?
Jingo!
That little Italian Mafia man needs to be banished from America's Whitehouse along with 45!
Now how about you start working on keeping them out of our elections?
So you'll support impeaching trump?
Glad you're taking a hard stance against Trump's boss #Putin on this. Do you think he'll veto it?

#PutinPuppet #TrumpRussia
And there should be consequences when POTUS threatens our national security and undermines our stability.  Get him out-or you go next cycle.
There are consequences when you vote to take away people's healthcare.

https://action.groundswell-mvmt.org/petitions/health-care-for-all-let-s-fix-this …

Please sign and retweet as I don't want to die…
