Police need equipment, but also training in de escalation and racial, disability, and gender issues. Stop shooting unarmed citizens!
This is concerning http://www.cbsnews.com/news/jessica-preston-says-she-was-forced-to-give-birth-on-jail-floor/ …

@SenToomey is Putin's puppet's puppet. 
We deserve a #TownHall.
Why are you afraid of your constituents?
#trumprussia
#trumpRussiaEspionage
@POTUS is a schmuck and a traitor and history will judge your support of him.  Sincerely, Your Constituent
Wish I could "like" this 10 times!!
We also need a president who will keep us safe, one who doesn't feed classified information to the Russians.
I'm a constituent, Senator, and you are not only a coward but also a menace to our Commonwealth.
Pat, do speak of anything besides. Motherhood and Apple pie? Take a stand
When are you going to stop being a stooge for @POTUS and start serving your constituents?
I'm grateful to @POTUS for acknowledging law enforcement.
And for helping out his Russian pals!!
Thank you for taking a stand on this matter. This situation cannot go unaddressed.
We need healthcare for all! Improve ACA or move to single payer. No going backwards. Protect the vulnerable. No to AHCA. #fightforSam
Just perused your old Hillary quotes for laughs! Your a fraud! Where's the outrage now Senator?
Republican president gives intel to Russians. Legal, probably, ethical, wise, or helpful definitely not!
FETÖ YÜ TERÖRİST FETULLAH GULEN'İ GÖNDERSENE TÜRKİYE'YE. YOK GÖNDEREMEM DİYORSAN PARASI NEYSE VERELİM SIK KAFASINA PLSS..
Stand up and be an American! It's time to act!
Happy he shares classified info with Russians?  ???
We need some balls in GOP 2 keep us safe from trump and politicians who are undermining our country & 2 stupid or complicit to know it.
We need protection from the president! Lock him up!
I am a Republican in your state & I demand action on independent investigation into #TrumpRussia. @SenBobCasey gets it. Why can't you?
I'm one of your constituents. Put country above party!
He should arrest himself for treason.  What are you going to do to protect America?
Wonder what your response will be when @potus is found guilty of treason!!  will you still be a little puppy following him ?
We don't need a militarized police force. Ask your constituents next time, or any time or ever.
Only cowards (including you, dictators, and your boss) need to hide behind a well armed police force.
Donald Trump is releasing CODEWORD material to the Russians! He must be stopped b4 the US is destroyed! DO YOUR JOB! Protect America!
INDEPENDENT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!!! I know I'm shouting 
While I have your attention, SINGLE PAYER TOO 15206
Remember- if you lie down with dogs, you get fleas. Stand up to Trump. Stop being a coward and do the right thing!
Independent investigation! Your silence makes you complicit.
Lovely. How do you feel about his revealing classified info to his Russian buddies in the Oval Office? Totes norms, amirite? 
Pat is preoccupied trying to protect the leader of the republican tribe. Party before Country is their motto!
But what are you going to do about the current fiasco that is the WH & @POTUS? Your constituents demand action! Enough partisanship already!
Also noticed he didn't applaud. Guess he only does that for himself
#trumpRussiaEspionage
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#trumprussia
#GOPCongressWastheHeroOfWatergate
#DoYourJob
#TuesdayswithToomey
#resist
@potus just released classified info so he could feel swell. #article25 time please!
so you're ok with @realDonaldTrump giving away ppl on the ground. No one is going to trust us! #youtookanoath #russiatrump
Address the concerns at hand instead of pivoting!!  How do you stand on the release of code word information on a boast?
The President is passing classified to the Russians you must insist on a Special Prosecutor or you are UNPATRIOTIC
While the Leaker of the Free World is destroying America, Toomey is tweeting about #PoliceWeek.
You continue to betray the people you are supposed to represent. We here in PA will not forget this in 2022.
You are complicit.
What are you doing about this train wreck of a President? He is ruining our country and you are letting it happen!
Are you happy about @POTUS commiting treason?
More like generating a police state. Police do not need military equipment, they are seen as invaders to a community not as members
America needs to be kept safe from @POTUS!!  He leaked classified info! Your job  @SenToomey is to be a check on the president. DO YOUR JOB!
78% of Americans want special prosecutor. Those who don't are not interested in Democracy. What side to you stand on?
Our safety is being threatened by interference by Russia. When will you stand for an independent investigation?
Really glad to see you're focused on the important issues of the day! #TrumpRussia #TrumpLeaks
Stop militarization of police. Police shouldn't be declaring war on American citizens.
Everyday citizens want that even more than potus. We don't have two separate sets of security to keep us safe.
How about you tweet about what the hell is going on in our country? Here's your new motto: Motivated Ignorance
Scaredy Cat!  You should go home to your constituents they'll protect you at town meeting!
You won in 2016 your voters are proud of what you are doing. Hopefully we can get the obstructive CASEY out in 2018.  Keep up the good work
You aren't getting FBI job dude.  Stop kissing up to Trump.
How about an investigation into how Premier Trump bought the election from the Russians? No military equipment is needed.
Who will protect the operatives Trump exposed with his preening, grandstanding for the Russians?  Do your job.  #ImpeachTrump
Who is "us?"
Huh. What about that time he gave classified information to Lavrov? Still happy?
Safe from what? You and your treasonous POTIS have sold us out. YOU are endangering Americans every moment that you're in office.
nothing on Wapost & POTUS YOU VOTED FOR SHARING TOP SECRET INTEL W/ RUSSIANS IN THE OVAL OFFICE?! #PATHETIC 
TRAITOR TO CONSTITUTION
But POTUS doesn't seem to think that keeping our intel from the Russians is needed for national security?
Save America.  Impeach the President.
.@SenToomey must also be Russian spy week
How about people have the health care they need!
YOUR #POTUS compromised national security and you do/say NOTHING? What is WRONG with you! #FulfillYourOath #IndependentInvestigation - NOW!
And did you feel about @POTUS risking US safety by revealing classified information?
Trump is a security threat and needs to be Article 25
How do you feel about him giving away classified secrets to the Russians?
Were you happy @POTUS leaked classified info? Or can we start ending this nonsense?
Trump sharing intelligence info with Russians is abhorrent. He is reckless and now risking our security. Impeach!
The most dangerous threat to our safety is the president
He also reiterated classified info to the Russians. 
Yes, body cameras are essential
@SenBobCasey 's refusal to acknowledge #PoliceWeek speaks volumes.
Can you please look at Russian connection now?
Boy, has this 3 hour old tweet aged well.
Was this before or after he disclosed classified info to Russians in a private meeting?
Dick
Why are you and every other politician favor the militarization of police and the strengthening of a police state?
Ugh. Go away.
Senator please support reforms that will help communities hold accountable any police who might abuse these resources.
Way to jump on the Trump wagon.
Who keeps us safe from your ilk?
Thanks, I think we're done with @POTUS now.
WHAT????
Seriously dude, grow a pair and stand up to President Cheeto.
How about the health care that all Americans need, @SenToomey? Or how about elections free from foreign interference? #TrumpRussia #NoAHCA
Yes! Wasn't that nice? Meanwhile he cut funding for the NYPD. You're an ass, Toomey. Out u go!
we need an independent nonpartisan prosecutor to keep us safe. Do your job and do what is right and ethical.
What are you doing to address police brutality?
Please fight for an independent special prosecutor to investigate Donald's ties to Russia and their involvement in our election.
As I read the responses to you Senator Toomey I know you're very lucky not to be up for reelection next year
Just what cops need , more gestapo gear!
Again, do you ever disagree with anything he says? @TuesdaysToomey
We demand a full investigation into Russia, Trump, and his administration.
Your silence won't be forgotten.
You mean because you voted to let people who wouldn't pass a mental health test buy guns?
That's great. So what is he doing about it? What are you doing about it? Problem with assh0les, Pat, is that they're full of shit.
equipment? what..tanks and things?
Will they keep us safe from people like you on the Hill Mr. Toomey?
But no health insurance for the women officers .
We all know that you get very tumescent about anything @potus has to say.
You know-they wouldn't need armour plated humvees if guns weren't so easy to obtain...just sayin'...
Trump is a clear and immediate danger to our democracy. What are you doing about that? #IndependentInvestigation #Trumprussia #townhalltime
:
1) investigate Trump campaign
2) preserve our healthcare (AHCA doesn't)
3) hold town halls
Constituents can't compete with these numbers.
Too bad you don't believe we all need health insurance or clean air or clean drinking water to keep us alive.
Trump says a lot of things; Doesn't mean it's going to happen. One of these days, you'll figure it out.
Does #PoliceWeek involve supporting the firing of a law enforcement professional who is investigating you? cc:@SenBobCasey
No police militarization.
What about Americans having the insurance they need to keep them healthy (and alive)? Don't you feel we need that, too?
You're a moderate bum.
Ha! Transparent kissing up. You seem to have forgotten, we are the ones who can remove you from office. 45's concern is only for himself.
The equipment to keep us compliant.
And constituents need townhalls Senator, please reconsider AG Sessions terrible punishment guidelines and investigate Russian ties to Trump
Your efforts on our behalf amount to a big, giant NOTHING!
Are you also happy being Comrade Trump's lapdog? Or is it more a sense of duty to avarice that compels you?
Are you happy being a triggered snowflake?

At least you accept it.

POTUS is a fraud.
There is nothing that comes out of that corrupt White House that we can respect. Police uphold the law. Our president breaks it constantly.
So far so good senator. You had my vote with great concern. Support AMERICA.
Why are you like this
koch hand puppet
I wish you listened to your constituents as closely as you listen to @realDonaldTrump.
the ones in the state where Trump won easily??? LOLOLOLOL
