Trumpcuck Toomey is a disgrace.
the only worse person would be you
No. Do not want. Say no. He has been employed by the republican administration's leadership. He cannot be impartial or nonpartisan. No 15136
Why?  He has no law enforcement experience. Please explain why he would be good other than being a right wing puppet for Trump.
Please explain.  No law enforcement experience whatsoever.
We need a law enforcement person to fill that job. Not a politician
Did Koch Bros write this up for you?
No, someone with a law enforcement or judiciary background would. Would you say the same thing if he was a Democrat?
Toomey would say Lieberman is an awful choice bc he has no law enforcement background.Toomey just blows in whatever direction the wind blows
Even though he is part of the same law firm that includes Trump's newly hired personal lawyer? You see no conflict of interest?
Definitely no bias there.
Donate to fly a banner demanding a #ToomeyTownHall: https://www.gofundme.com/time-for-town-hall-toomey …
Except for the fact that his law firm represents Trump. So no
Do not vote for a politician to fill this job. It is enough that we have to deal with Jeff Sessions. Keep the FBI OUT OF POLITCS!!
I second the notion for droopy dog. Droopy Dog will have his day in court, hopefully before 5pm dinner and between his bi-hourly naps.
Wrong again Senator Toomey.
@SenToomey could be replaced by a sycophant bot that would have orgasm every time Trump said anything
Are you kidding -the guy doesn't even know what party he wants to be affiliated with! But why should we think you care about what we think.
Best confirmation that this is a bad choice.
Are you kidding me? On what basis is he qualified to do so?
You're out, next election. PA deserves better.
Joe Lieberman is a political hack. The New FBI Director should have years in FBI and Justice Dept. experience.
Once again . . . you make me ashamed to admit I'm from PA http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/2/25/1637678/-PA-GOP-Senator-Pat-Toomey-blames-Obama-for-Flynn-Russia-Debacle …
And since everyone else is distancing themselves it seems he might default to it.
Scooby Doo would be a better pick.
Actually no he wouldn't !
Why don't you meet with your constituents? You are not responsive to us. I live in 19057. Bucks County folks don't agree with you.
Montgomery county also doesn't agree with @SenToomey.
Lancaster County here.   Not a fan, either!
Chester County doesn't agree, or have any idea where Toomey's hiding.
Why?
I will trust your judgement, but why not someone in the FBI?
Ummm NO!
Terrible choice for FBI Director. Lieberman would make it political. Absolutely wrong person for FBI
He has zero law enforcement experience.  But you support Trump when he has zero in govt too so at least you're consistent in being wrong.
No he wouldn't. He's  too old and too inexperienced at law enforcement. Promote an expert.from within the FBI
Respectfully disagree.  Politicians aren't what the American pepple want in the FBI.  We already have too many of them in Congress.
Does this mean you don't think it's important to avoid conflicts of interest?
You've got to be kidding. He's got no prosecution experience, hit firm represents #djt & he's 75. It's a 10 year appointment. SMFH pat
I find his assertions about people not having the right to be free from religion disturbing. He's also a politician so NO.
New book out entitled, " Are You There,  Toomey? It's Us, Your Constituents." Bet it would be a best seller but no one will listen. #Shocked
Whatever you say, brah.
https://www.pscp.tv/w/a-35GzQxODI4OHwxdkF4UmJ6TkxCTnhs1DqGpOBAI1tcYty4sYmbLHBkROGtvL_l-JxMM8liyL0= …
#Integerty than you will ever have Pat.
the Oval Office. Oh, one other thing Mr. #Comey is a much better man and a leader than u will ever be.  Mr. Comey has Honor and ..........
I'm happy ur trying to make the flying public safe. Now help ur BOSS (us the people of the #UnitedStates) to get that DUFUS out of........
You know who would be better? A conservative!
Now I'm sure he's a bad choice
How complicit are YOU? Maybe we need to start investigating YOU.

Bit of a conflict of interest, Patsy. Where IS your head, man?
Now I know it would be a terrible idea. Thanks for clearing that up.
NOT!!
The head of the FBI should NOT be a politician!
hard pass
Even Republicans Boss finds that Tweet Funny!
of course all yu gop will say that...he has ZERO laaw enforcement experience...he is a politician...NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
Wrong!
But why can't you face us as ArlenSpecter faced angry sheep to defend #ACA
He had courage&honor
You're a hack
No he wouldn't!!  FBI needs someone from law enforcement, NOT a politician!
You fail to represent the citizens of PA. Perhaps you should just represent the interests of Trump, as that is all you care about.
17268 waiting for an opportunity to see you! Why are you hiding?
No. He wouldn't. He has ties to a law firm that represents Assclown!
R U OUT OF YOUR IGNORANT MIND ...AGAIN!! NO..NONE..NADDA EXPR IN ANY!!!! RELATED FIELD ..EXCEPT HE WORKS!! W/ hump's LAWYER!!!! U NEED BALLS
He would be a terrible choice. We need someone apolitical. @TuesdaysToomey
He has no law enforcement experience...and is an awful human being. The best that could be said for him is that he's not a coward like you.
Would not be. Experience in law enforcement is what's needed, not politics.
$2+ Trillion of $19T DEBT,shud  been #Payrolltax on Gov Checks,cud be  $3T over last 30 years #NOT COLLECTED #WTF RAISE THE LIMIT,Lower RATE
FBI director should not be a biased politician like you. For once, stand up for ALL Americans not just repubs Need  law enforcement creds
No..hold a downfall so we can discuss
Townhall..damn auto correct
Why? What is his experience?
Joe Lieberman is a horrible choice, the fact that you think otherwise is very telling. Loyalty to POTUS, none to constituents
Are you serious!! He would be the worst!!
Western PA doesn't agree with you!!!
Hold a townhall so your constituents can tell you what we think.
Oh.  And 19118 would love to have a meeting with you.  When is your next town hall?
Wrong again senator.
Seriously? 1. No law enforcement experience. 2. Is a politician. 3. Works for law firm that defends @realDonaldTrump. You're a hack Toomey.
puh-huh-huh-huh-lease
He is too close to Trump because of he law firm he works for you nitwit.
Not really, he is too old, and a politician. A younger top military investigator/executive would be better. Need to drain the swamp.
The guy can't even decide which party he is in let alone lead the most sophisticated & accomplished intelligence agency in the world!
Mr Toomey at least he will have good healthcare, and all of his medical needs will be met! Unlike the other of the United States!
Lieberman would sell his soul to the devil. No wonder you endorse him for the FBI position.  Your alike in that way.
@sentoomey It's time for you to go. Pennsylvania voters do not like you and you would know that if you ever answered your phone.  #coward
SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT 
UNWAVERINGLY!!
WHAT ANOTHER GREAT CHOICE
BY THE PRESIDENT!
ANOTHER SWAMP TO DRAIN!
JOE LIBERMAN A GREAT INDIVIDUAL! 
THANKS PAT!!
FOR YOUR SUPPORT!
Really? Why do you think so?
#NotLeiberman
He voted #HillaryForPrison 2016 repays #WJC help
#DemocratLiesMatter laughing
#FakeNewsMedia #fakeleaks
#NotThis 
Just go home Toomey!  Take your pitiful legacy, and just GO HOME! Damn! You don't get anything we say---NO, NO, NO HE WON'T! MORE SWAMP!!!!!
A 75 year old career politician? You nuts!
Joe Lieberman is a horrible choice! Lieberman is everything that is wrong with Washington.
#not
Love watching all these DNC operatives squirm.. lol
Yours, is the kind of remark that keeps us divided! Is your head stuck somewhere that you missed the news? "He who laughs last, laughs best!
You mean the one who's currently working for Trump?  Come ON.
Of course, he would.  He works at the law firm representing Trump.  Your voice sounds better when you are hiding from your constituents.
Despite the fact that @JoeLieberman is deeply implicated in Trump family legal business? Are you blind?
James Comey was a great choice. But your president fired him and you endorsed that. We will remember in 2022 how you misrepresented us.
This coming from the guy who thinks the ahca is a good idea and trump isn't reprehensible?
What is his military experience?  Prosecution experience? Oh- right - none. But he's your guy?  Who paid you to tweet that?
*cough* town hall *cough* coward *cough*  ... Sorry my allergies have been terrible.
I disagree Sir. The premier Fed LE deserves a leader who has been a cop or an agent. A politician or lawyer are bad choices. I'm retired PSP
Now I'm sure he is not a good choice
Not only does he lack any law enforcement experience, he's also employed at the law firm defending the President. Really bad appointment.
BZZZZZZT! Wrong answer. 19518
No, a FBI agent not a politician should lead the FBI..anything else is suspect.
What makes him a great choice, Sen.?  Because he is Democrat? #IndependentInvestigation #RealPA #truth #RussianCollusion
@SenToomey (probably): "The Titanic is a great choice for transportation. A completely unsinkable ship."
Not a good choice at all.
Nope
Apparently, aliens have landed and inhabited the body of @SenToomey.
I highly disagree with you!
Nope, not even close to a good idea. If you listen to your constituents, and many of us wonder if you actually do, you may think otherwise.
What are you trying to deflect from?
No, he would not. We need career law enforcement personnel in that role. Politicians are not to be trusted. 2 much shenanigans.
Insanity. How old is He? 10 year position?We need Hillary mess uncovered too. He won't touch.
Please begin impeachment proceedings.
What does Trump have on you that you are so far up his behind?
Remember when Senator Smithers promised to not be a rubber stamp but he's turned out to be the biggest yes man we have? #RecallToomey
And this is why we fight the good fight! We remind the bastards daily of their broken promises and limited time in office. 
If they won't grow a backbone themselves then we must become the spine they need. Heed us or go home! #RESISTANCE
he's 75yrs old,way too old to have the energy for the 10yr term,85 when his term is up?will probably die in office,stupid idea
I thought the idea was to get someone from the private sector? They didn't anyone with political background
And you, sir, wouldn't be a good choice to lead anything, except maybe a seminar on ignoring us and demeaning us.
Further proof Toomey is clueless. FBI needs someone other than a politician to lead effectively
No. Meet with your constituents and we’ll tell you to your face.
Absolutely NOT. Works in a firm that represents Trump and has no federal law enforcement experience.
no. You are supposed to represent me. no.
Unless he was a secret G man why would he be even considered?
No way how about supporting our President!!
Look who came out his fox hole
Why - tired of politicians making proclamations and not backing it up with facts!
I wasn't sure, but with your voting record, now I'm very certain he'd be a disaster for our country.
The guy that attacked video games?
your integrity went downhill when you waited until last possible moment to announce you would vote for DJT. Nothing you've done since helps.
Why appoint 75 yr old to 10 yr term?
Not if he does legal work for Trump, he's not.  Best if not a politician.
Why are you ok with supporting this Russian monster's choices?
Thankfully the rest of the Senate is likely to vote down any politician -- Dem, Rep, or otherwise.
Get a grip on reality — your constituents are fed up w the spineless partisan/Koch Bros BS. TOWNHALL
Pat when you wanna do a town hall ?
Hoping you just ran out of characters before typing "but of course that won't happen because of massive conflict of interest."
That's a good one ...put the guy from Trump's law firm in charge of the FBI...
I like Lieberman, but the FBI needs a top cop not another prosecutor.
Senator Toomey Stand with Trump!
I hear there's a boot at the WH that hasn't been sufficiently licked. Better get back to work Toomey.
NO. Joe Lieberman is special counsel at the firm that represents Donald Trump.
Just the fact that YOU are endorsing this is a Red flag not to do it!! Meet with your Constituents!!
Said from an undisclosed location...
OMG. He would be an awful choice. No law enforcement experience and he's old and soft. Won't stand up to Trump. Seriously?
Again you are in denial about what your constituents think! #ImpeachTrumpPence before anything else!! Stop doing the Koch brothers agenda
Just stand down, amateur hour
Wrong again when he worked for lobbyists after being a member of government.
Seriously??? Really??! You think that...Really?!  Huh.
For once I beg to differ. I do not see him as non partisan
Horrible choice for so many reasons; now, add  Toomey endorsement to the list.
You're insane. Country before party. You should try it.
Lieberman works for Donald Trump's lawyer.  Not a good choice. Part of cover up.
and anyone would be a great replacement for you #craven #taxcutsfortherich #penalizeopiodvictims #endsnetneutrality
Trump's lawyer? What a charade
said no one ever
Wow another hot take from Patty boy. Must have received his payment for this endorsement.
Ugh.
when will you do a town hall? Lieberman is a terrible choice
Nope, wrong again, Pat.
Pretty sure it doesn't matter and you will vote to approve anything Trump does
@SenToomey, I appreciate the attempt to be bipartisan, but Lieberman is a lightweight compared to Comey or Mueller. How about Preet Bharara?
No he wouldn't. He lacks any law enforcement or management experience and is also one of the President's attorneys. This is a bad choice.
You would say that.
