Are you now going to reach out to @SenBobCasey and @GovernorTomWolf and work to improve ACA?? #RealPa expects this bipartisan effort.
"The Democrats are the enemy!!!" - Toomey at a fundraising dinner. Consider that foreshadowing.
Vote no on #GrahamCasiddy. Send aid to Puerto Rico.
remind us again why estate tax elimination is good for the middle class when estates under $5,000,000 are exempt?
Senator you can not deny your constituents DO NOT WANT GRAHAM-CASSIDY.  Why are you forcing this bill on us VOTE NO
I thought our economy was "booming" since Trump took office. Choose a position Senator Toomey.
He didn't even choose a position during the election, and his current position is whatever donors pay it to be
please get care for the sick moving like Senator John McCain
Giving $ to struggling households will stimulate the economy. Fill the loopholes.
People are dying in Puerto Rico and you're tweeting about tax reform?  Where is your humanity?
Republicans have been drinking the Reagan Kool Aid for so long, discussion is irrelevant.  When will you learn "trickle down" doesn't work?
Are you talking tax reform or tax cuts for the rich?  They are not the same thing.  When and where is your next Town Hall in western PA?

And here I thought it was just you justifying tax breaks for your billionaire buddies...
Tax nfl
We need more money to the 98%. You rich people are doing okay profiting off the backs of the people.
HOW DOES THE BLUE STATE PAYBACK MAKE YOU FEEL?????   You are a joke
Republican lose again!! Hey Senator there's this place called Puerto Rico, google it! Ya might give it some attention
The trickle down effect has never worked and will never work.  Raise the minimum wage,
#FightFor15
The economy is thriving -what are you doing to respond to the devastation & suffering of our island citizens!
No tax reform before seeing 10 years of Trump’s long forms.
What are you doing to get help to #PuertoRico? Every member of Congress should be focused on that and that alone until PR is out of danger.
You want to leave a lasting legacy on healthcare? 32M dead dying & medically bankrupt will certainly be memorable
Real #TaxReform would be great! It costs a lot to run a government. So you will have to make sure more corporations get less tax breaks.
The economy has been moving & growing since 2009 when Pres Obama inherited the great recession caused by Republicans. #theresistance
Vote NO on Cassidy/Graham bill and do something for the 99% of your constituents who won't benefit from your tax reform.
C
Do you think our economy isn't moving?
Too cowardly to take a stand on the latest sham health care bill You let others bail you out. Now you're giving yourself a tax cut
Reform = rich get richer. Quit!
Legalize cannabis and hemp. Boom! Problem solved, Pat. Or is Colorado a mirage?
Tax cut for all - move bottom bracket to 50k. Add one more bracket at high end....
We know all about your tax cuts for the rich. 
Vote NO #GrahamCassidy. Worry about your constituents & not your donors.
Trickle down didn't work and never will
I know you're excited about Tax Reform, Senator, but could you please review the #GrahamCassidy bill and issue a statement ASAP?
#GrahamCassidy is all about taxes. ACA has add'l taxes on earnings >250K to pay for ins. and Medicare. Political donors want that repealed.
It definitely is, you're right. And he refuses to talk about that connection.
Sen Toomey has his head stuck in the GOP sandbox

HEALTHCARE VOTE NO!! we do not have to worry about giving tax breaks to rich right now!! More important things to do PR USVI
You meant to say tax breaks for the rich and screwing the poor. Now that we have that corrected screw you.
Very sad to see you next to Sen. Graham on front page of today's Wash. Post supporting a bill that would COST Pennsylvanians billions
You and every other senator and trump know that the Koch bros. are very much anti-American!  Stand up and refuse to bow down to them now!
Giving ultra wealthy has nothing to do with moving the economy and you and everyone knows this!  Stop bowing to the Koch bros.!
You are so indifferent to the lower and middle class it is beyond belief!  You and everyone else are quite well aware that this is a sin!
How do you feel about the unelected Rick Santorum writing policy?
When are you going to talk to a Town Hall?
What are you doing to help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico? Stop worrying about your tax break for the rich and more for those in crisis
Ha. The economy is moving just fine Pat. Not interested in your made up problems.
How about you give your voters Health Care first! If we're sick and can't work we won't need tax reform...because we won't paying taxes!
#TaxReform can wait. Puerto Rican's cannot. Make the gov't DO SOMETHING to help them. The PR branch of my ins. co. Is closed indefinitely.
Where's the emergency response for millions without power in PR?!?!?! #PuertoRicoRelief
PUERTO RICO!!!
If your going to decrease taxes, then decrease the spending associated with those taxes! Pensions! Salaries! $$$$
Tax breaks for the middle to low income people; higher taxes on the rich. Problem solved.
Fix the economy: #TaxTheRich and #EndCorporateWelfare. If tax breaks for the rich worked, we'd know it by now. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/08/07/opinion/leonhardt-income-inequality.html …
Go help Puert Rico.Pennsylvanians have lots of family their.Puerto Rican's are Tax paying American Citizens.Stop being white for one minute!
Did you get lost Pat?  Actually stepping foot in the state you are to "represent."  I guess let's call it 2017, no more work till 2018.
Stop trying to repeal the ACA
Butthead
The first step is Repel ACA in whole or at least part !
Really??? Looks like about 10 people, how about the rest of us??
Raise the minimum wage! Trickle down has failed for 3 decades!!! Deregulation means more pollution! Represent PA not the corporations!
No on #GrahamCassidy #PuertoRicoRelief Help TX/USVI/FL/west coast fires. Oh & when is the Philly town hall? #doyourjob no #greedoverpeople
Instead, try this: Public spending on infrastructure. Lower defense spending. Legislation to reduce healthcare costs (not just payments).
Senator please do what LA Rep Harvard did? No Tax $ To NFL
#eatadick
"Middle class tax reform"! Ha! Good one Pat! You can call it whatever you want as long as we get ours. - - David & Charles Koch
Stop voting party lines this sucks for the middleclass VOTE NO wait u t @realDonaldTrump buddy so ur constituents r screwed
.@SenToomey Stop wasting time trying to cut rich people’s taxes and focus on the massive humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico!
Great to be in Delco this morning talking #TaxReform, regulation, and how we can get our economy moving again. 
You mean people actually get to see you out in public? You're always hiding when constituents are looking for you.
First how about you resign!!!
Too bad you have no concern for your less fortunate constituents and vote NO on bill that cuts thousands from health insur and elder care.
#GrahamCassidyNO
Please dont try trickle down again.  Nobody believes its for anytjing other than the extremely rich #economics
PA will lose $6 Billion under #GrahamCassidy. People will be priced out of coverage if they have pre-ex conditions. You know this. Vote no.
If we have to spend all our $$ on healthcare because of Medicaid cuts, nothing left to boost economy by being active consumers. Sad!
Please do what the people of PA want and vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy.
How about a #TownHall so the rest of us can discuss this too. Your tax breaks for the wealthy do NOT drive the economy!! #coward
The economy is doing pretty well. Cutting Corp taxes will do nothing but make your donors richer. Trickle down doesn't work. Never has.
Perhaps a few words about not voting in favor of screwing over US healthcare...?
When do you talk reform with employees? Never! Why? Because they get screwed every time. You don't work on their behalf.
Town Hall re: military spending, ACA repeal, devastation of PR etc, NKorea
Vote "NO" on #CassidyGraham so we can all breathe easier and move on with our lives.
This doesn't look like a Town Hall to me. Do your job by getting a backbone, facing your constituents & talking about the healthcare plan.
Was this a town hall meeting? Didn't think so
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy
And here is the picture in which my hands make it look as though I'm talking about something constructively.
Sure while millions have no healthcare. As for tax reform I only see cuts for rich.
What are you doing to help Puerto Ricans?? @PennLive
If you vote for new healthcare bill, a disaster for PA, you will be losing your job. Maybe at least you care about THAT
Let's stop deflecting with your tax reform for the rich. We all know you'll vote yes to this latest health "care" bill. Worthless Senator
your masters aren't rich enough? bi-partisan ACA fixes, immediate funding for PR, talks with DPRK. Economy will crumble without those.
Listen to your constituents in Delco and Chesco and every other county -- VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy!!!
If you oppose the Graham-Cassidy bill, you might get us special treatment the way Sen. Murkowski did.
Enough with the undecided BS..Step up and tell people that under this Bill PA will lose 6 billion and you can't support it #getoffthefence
Vote no on #GrahamCassidy ; Disavow POTUS's harmful  statements; enact DACA; work across the aisle. Then, tax reform for all, not just 1%.
Meanwhile, the Senate is trying to jam through a health care bill that will kick millions off Medicaid & remove employer coverage mandate.
Your job is not to cater to wealthy donors. Help your constituents
You haven't said a word about healthcare...
Wait, what state do you represent?? Thought you were only for yourself..hmmmm
1. the economy has been moving for quite a while in spite of your efforts and roadblocks.
2. r these your ideas or the Koch bros.?
U need to reprioritize; Influence/diffuse N Korea; vote NO Graham Cassidy & make Obamacare better; meet with people of color (& I am white)
Watching disabled people dragged out of wheelchairs and down the hall in Senate. This is not acceptable Pat. Gop so desperate this is ok?
It won't matter if your party kills 32 million Americans by removing Healthcare! There will be more than enough jobs then! LISTEN TO US!!!
Voicemail is full, Senator. For a senator with five years until next election, your cowardice is astounding.
What have u been doing to help the people in Caribbean or don't you care for American citizens? What a loser you turned out.
Stop meeting with these small groups where you can control the discussion.  Hold a damn face to face town hall meeting!  Do your job!
You won't vote no on healthcare legislation that will decimate care for the most vulnerable and yes to tax breaks for the most wealthy!
Don't vote for #GrahamCassidy on Wednesday! 30 billion dollars sucked out of PA!
Just reading through these replies...you seem VERY unpopular Mr. Toomey. 2022 is not soon enough.
While you wait to get removed from office, muster some morals and backbone, and work FOR Pennsylvanians instead of against our interests.
Screw tax reform. Vote no on your terrible healthcare bill to lower taxes for your wealthy donors.
Taking healthcare away from people will do wonders for our economy.
VOTE NO to #GrahamCassidyBill
And still no real Town Hall meetings with your constituents !
I don't want my taxes "reformed" so your rich donors can have more money.  #doyourjob  commit to NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
No to the Republican healthcare bill. Heartless
1. Compared to BO ur a loser
2. Until there's an equitable tax code, rich will duck taxes
3. Remove the limit on FICA
4. You're aPOS
Yet you are happy to surreptitously muck with 1/6 of the economy - bankrupting, if not outright killing people in the process
#NotOnePenny    Vote NO on #Graham-CassidyDeathBill
Any word on that money that was supposed to trickle down to me in the 1980's?
VOTE NO!!
Don't vote for Cassidy-Graham health care repeal bill. Will raise our family premiums 5x yr., remove protections essential benefits
First, vote No on #GrahamCassidy your office says you are undecided, think of your constituents not big business
Undecided? Don't believe it
Killing Graham-Cassidy would be a good move to get the economy moving - nothing like personal bankruptcy to depress spending
GOP makes me physical ill...ignoring what Trumps doing to the Country while they screw the Tax Payers ..
Maybe you should focus on sending aid to Puerto Rico???
How about meeting with constituents about Graham Cassidy?
Another hand picked crowd? What about the rest of us???

whose economy are you referring to, Pat? Your economic policies only help the 0.1% not the rest of us.
But you are willing to give tax breaks to the wealthy and take away health insurance from PA.  This is awful start packing
Lie to me.
Pls choose people over party & vote NO on #GrahamCassidy bill. It's clear you  ur CEOs & billionaires, but ur losing favor with PA voters
Are you aware that citizens in Puerto Rico are dying?  Nothing to say about that?
How will you help PA citizens when our bloc aid for healthcare is cut?  Odd that you have nothing to say about that!
Pat, you want the Graham-Cassidy bill passed in the worse way so you can steal monies from Medicare to throw into tax cuts for the RICH. SAD

I always see you posting about meetings with "business leaders" and yet all your "town halls" are limited and questions correographed.
Just like Obamacare repeal, this is Kabuki Theater full of lies and betrayals. I wasted my votes on the @GOP for far too long. Never again!
Traitor....yu part of the russian scheme...yu eeked out a win by skinny margin...last minute...Yu will go too !!
Do us a favor: quit trying to shaft us to give millionaires a tax break.
Sure. Review his previous articles about how money will go to businesses and it will then come to employees. 1/
The same BS that GW called out as failed economics. But you do you if you're in to ruined economies. 2/2
Senator,  you must vote NO on this horrible health care plan!! And BTW,  answer the PHONES
Help Puerto Rico.  Do your job!
That's great Pat but it is pointless if we are toast. Please tell your buddy, Donald to ratchet down the BS with North Korea. #outofcontrol
Please vote no to Graham-Cassidy
Vote no on #GrahamCassidy instead of worrying about lower tax rates for the rich.
Your #TaxReform ideas are garbage; debunked, trickle down, give-money-to-the-rich, forget the little people, immoral screed. #ToomeySucks
Stop what you are doing and force 45 to resign. His tweets this weekend made North Korea think we declared war on them #Impeach45
Hey Toomey staffer posting his tweets, how do you sleep at night?  DO you sleep at night? Do images of PRico and dying kids bother you?  Hm?
Effectively, it seems you posted this after the fact. Why not more prior notice and a location? Without this your tweet is meaningless.
You're just ridiculous at this point.
So we will be priced out of being insured. How can you do this to us? #VoteNoGrahamCassidy #YouAreCruel #TwoTermToomey
Our economy is moving. Sustainable growth is good. Do not wreck it again like GOP did before!
And by the way, how hard does your staff have to work to only have you in pictures with white people? Are you so afraid of people of color?
You tax "reform" is an enormous tax handout to your billionaire friends. Do your job: No on Graham-Cassidy. Yes to aid to Puerto Rico.
Let's talk about regular order. Not trying to shove an extremely unpopular healthcare bill through. PA and USA deserves better. Vote NO!
We demand healthcare for all!  #GrahamCassidy is a sham.
How about talking voting NO to the abomination of healthcare bill. My diabetic daughter deserves no cap limits. Isn't she worth it Senator?
The economy is not moving?
Going backwards in what way?
That fast n furious thing was ridiculous.
That audience look so diverse. How many rich white people could you rOund up
Tax reform is not possible if we have to raise the debt ceiling! We need universal health care! And Donny just started a war w/ N Korea!
Raise the minimum wage! Raise taxes on the rich! #truetaxreform
Because productivity is at an all time high and so are corporate profits. Yet it doesn’t “trickle down”
Maybe you should have used the morning to work on a #bipartisan #transparent #healthcare bill #GrahamCassidyNO
Why are you concerned with tax reform when Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands flooded and without power? They are American citizens!
I've got a great idea. Let's cut taxes on the top 1%. Why should they have to pay so much for Fed services? The MC will cover it for them.
More urgent is how you can protect the health of all Americans. Stop the lies & bribes. Put people 1st. Vote #NoGrahamCassidy! #SaveOurCare
Vote "NO" on Graham-Cassidy!
You are bad at your job.
-Emergency aid to Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico...
-Dealing w/POTUS making rash statements & threats toward North Korea 
2/2
Awesome Pat! Wanna meet me over at Tom Jones and talk about why you should be against #GrahamCassidy? DM me.
1st, it's tax cuts for your donors. 2nd, vote no on Graham Cassidy. 3rd, send help to Puerto Rico. 4th, impeach Trump.
Please focus on more immediate issues:
-Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill and get Congress back on track to creating bipartisan legislation 1/2
Urge @POTUS to help our fellow citizens in #PuertoRico  
Any thoughts on the declaration of war against North Korea? Do we really do that over Twitter now. Or are you going to defend him again?
The great thing about #Delco is it's just a short ride to Philly so you can stop and chat with some of your constituents on your way home!
Hahahaha hahahaha you're adorable!
Let's raise the debt ceiling so we can give your rich friends tax breaks. This way you get more contributions - right?
