and just look at all the evidence that wealth trickles down, bigly and what not. totally, truly, amazing. sad!
Socialist should move to Russia or China. You'd be happy there. Don't change America.
GOP & private equity has destroyed america over last 30 years. used to be able to work hard and do something, not anymore.
Your delousional and BRAINWASHED by the left
what is 3+57?
Idiot.
so you're a bot? you're not responding to what i'm actually saying.
No, I like intelligent conservation.
#FullRepeal of O'care make our constitution relevant again! 10th amendment!
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO socialized medicine! #UnitedforFreedom!
Ppl who work spend within their communities and the cycle works. Welfare breeds laziness.
Where's the jobs jobs jobs  2 Misconceptions people don't want to work & only Blacks on welfare
Economic growth promoted by ACA, allows entrepreneurs to risk loss of employer heathcare and start new business from nothing.
seriously , get real . You believe rich should get richer off backs of middle class  and poor.
What you need are people who make a livable wage so that they can afford a basic standard of living.
That is why Trump is changing our trade agreements to bring jobs back.  We need better paying jobs and more labor participation would result
You really think the jobs coming back will pay 20+/hr? 
Not likely. Companies won't be competitive. They'll go back overseas, like Carrier.
And you know this because? Why stop at $20/hr why not $100/hr.  How many buisnesses have you run at a profit? LOL.
Mature industries are looking to cut costs to increase profits. We need innovations that pay higher wages. 
And I've run 5 profitable orgs.
What spurs eceonomic growth?  The middle class.  You're eradicating the middle class. Enjoy what time u have left.
Don't forget education for a needed, skilled workforce + actual, accessible health care to not be sick and keep working!
Agree
So this is the third time at trickle down economics. What make you think it is going to work this time???
A lot of people will be mad if they have to get a job! Lol.
Yes they will..the free ride is over..
One way to have economic growth? Increase the minimum wages so people spend more. What say you, @SenToomey?
Raise it to what? Then what do you pay college grads? Oh and when small businesses go bankrupt then what? The fix is a slow process
Raising minimum wage allows ALL wages to go up. This theory has been dealt out for years now and I stand by $15 and a union.
Would bankrupt some businesses. Not all companies have unions
Henry Ford promoted a minimum wage. Workers without disposable income are a drag on the economy. Shrewd businessman.
Let's talk healthcare and how much donation money you took from insurance companies
@SenToomey wants to take Healthcare from poor so he can give billions in tax cuts to millionaires!
Everyone Call and Retweet 202-224-4254
The problem with that is #Pennsylvania has the oldest population in the nation!
Flush Trumps evil Budget and his Evil Trump Care,and his Evil Racist Values. May want to back away from Him don't want to be Guilty by assoc
Is this a guarantee to baby boomers and the elderly!
Of course starvation and death due to no healthcare tend to skew those numbers.  Omelettes, eh Senator?
U get strong econ growth when u outlaw outsourcing, u protect consumers, and u have strong wage and labor laws. Not freebies for the rich.
Look at Pennsylvanians.Erie..un and underemployed.."lazy" people don't deserve healthcare?Rich get richer(hoarding $) U don't care?$$DeVoss$
@Varneyco if you believe 3% per annum is achievable or sustainable in current business climate you are smoking dope.  Your dog won't hunt.
Hey Pat, I'm not completely following you, but would love to discuss this and numerous other issues... Could you elaborate at a Town Hall?
Hmmmm...dont see one on his calendar....
Agree with you Stewart.  How do we move 3rd and 4th Generation Welfare recipients off Gov't welfare? Ignore and incent "Doers"?
Open free market is the only solution to U.S. healthcare. #getthefedoutofhealthcare #fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom

Must-watch. @JoeNBC rips into Republicans: "Why do the Republicans keep looking into cameras and lie?" 
My question is:  Why do some people believe spending more $ is always the answer to a problem?  I don't understand that mentality.
...continue with our nation's already marginalized communities continuing to catch the brunt of misaligned power structures. #Resist
...With policies that encourage inequality and diminished availability of programs, poverty and disparities will continue...
as long as the chance of increasing one's wealth is attainable to all within the economy that is growing...
The growth projections in the budget are pure fantasy. Dangerous!  And cuts to programs for normal and needy americans with cash for rich!
That's correct. Democrats want dependence so they can slave people, expand government & create more debt, after all they're the elite lords.
Want to fix the economy cut taxes, reduce spending create jobs.
Politicians uses it to make people think that they are doing something, in fact it doesn't fix a thing.
Raising the minimum wage, does nothing but drive up the cost of everything, everyone will still be just as broke.
We all know the Democrats don't want that.
But if fewer people are dependent on government programs then the fewer votes Democrats receive, that's unacceptable
The cure to all this. Ballot box. Vote these GOP obstructionist's to ACA out of office. Why not fix/repair current health care system?
what bs stick to the bear cubs
That's false. Ask an economist.
If you have @SenToomey in your state, you don't have humanitarian representation. You have a slave to big business and the rich.
Toomey doesn't take a stand in Trump/Russia investigation. different than when he was running last fall when he said he stand up to Trump
Exactly. Give folks a future (with a job) and a hand up, not a perpetual hand out.
This is trickle down economics and you know you're lying.
so basically what you're saying is, we're gonna replace something that's working with a POS, then focus on strengthening the economy...
I agree
Giving tax breaks to the wealthy, screwing middle - lower income citizens is wrong! Republicans don't give a shit about anyone but the rich!
Why do the Democrats insist on increasing rather than decreasing welfare. It shouldn't be a way of life.
Does taking fat wads of cash from the Kochs and Mercers (and De Vos!) of the world count as dependency on a govt program?
Added to the afflicted, there are growing numbers of people who want "free stuff." Resist socialism.
Where is it and when is it going to happen?
Gutting healthcare, welfare to the rich and corporations is not economic growth, it is the Trickle Down farce revisited. Hard times!
Where is the growth? We need that first.#aconstituent
While true in general, you forget about the individual who can't find work due to physical or mental disability. What about hungry children?
A $15 minimum wage would improve the overall economy! Trickle down is a farce.
Chump for Trump.
Fraud
EXACTLY
Tax cuts for millionaires will help too. NOT!
But Trumps plan ( 2 TRILLION dollar boo boo aside) depends on 4% sustained growth. Toomey ya know it's not happening. Didn't work 4 Reagan

The left depends on the people being dependent on big government. Democrats #Resist is a slap in the face of every common sensed American.
You miss the point completely.  You support budgets that will force people into desperation while championing economic growth. Hypocrisy!
That's a naive view, too many moochers out there wouldn't work no matter what. Cut funding.
Too many receiving now!
Mr. Toomey;
The issue is the absence of the Gold at the end of the Rainbow in your GDP increases.CONSUMERS drive the economy not the RICH.
Meets with agenda driven Varney, yet refuses to meet with constituents? Have a town hall meeting. Hear how they feel. #Budget2018
Toomey is a POS
This guy is predatory banker, your constituents don't think so, either
First we need the economic growth
Back to the future, more failed policies from @GOP. We tried this trickle down economics BS in the 80's, didn't work then won't now
The CPO released their analysis today. It describes how devastating your plan will be for Americans. The people who voted you into office.
Been preachin' that voodoo since Reagan. Look where it's gotten us. #NoThanks
The only growth is the bulge in the pants of the one percenters when they get to trickle down on me. Your logic is flawed.
Reaganomics didn't work out so well the first time around  and it's not going to work out this time around either.
My senator is a spineless limp dick. Trickle down economics doesn't work.
No kidding.
But still waiting, after 30 years, for that trickle down to work
I'm still waiting for cheaper fruits, veg and other goods from the NAFTA agreement. I'm still waiting for affordable healthcare.
Duh
Exactly!
If you are not honesty disabled you shouldn't be on any government program.
What is your measurement of economic growth?
And what part of GOP policies predict there will be econ growth for the masses and not just the rich? 80s showed trickle down is crap.
Employers find reasons to reject Americans..credit checks, background checks, drug testing..But they'll hire foreigners in mass ZERO vetting
Yeah, like Senate salary & benefits.
30 years ago it was called Reaganomics... Also trickle down economics... It made the rich richer.  It didn't work.  #trumpbudget
But how do we get there? How do we ensure that corp tax cuts are spent training/hiring new workers and not lining CEO/investor pockets?
Conversely, if free stuff goes away, able bodied people on the wagon are forced to work and improve the economy BUT many afraid to admit
If you really care about growth then say no to Rump budget. Drivers of growth are health care
And infrastructure. Not walls and bombs
Hate to break it to you but strong economic growth won't cure disabilities, turn back the clock for the elderly, or age children.
You have to raise the minimum wage.
EXACTLY but the democratic party relies on large numbers of ppl depending on gov
Has is that?  It doesn't work.  But then again you are actually retweeting @FoxNews which is trash like you and your friends.
What about the over 60,000 families in PA covered under PH-95? What are your plans for them Senator?
SO you just let people free fall and hope things get better?
Get McConnell out and you have a chance.
Balance the budget USA!
What about the thousands who are in nursing homes.  Few are private pay.  Is Medicaid gonna be taken away from them.
David, Medicaid is not being cut. The Feds add a WAG, wild ass guess, to all programs every year. Trumps budget doesn't have a WAG.
Toomey is a democrat hiding behind republican title! He is out of touch! He won't win again!
Democrats do not get that!!!
Did anyone on Capital Hill ever hear of a business cycle?
That's a great concept tell the liberals that 
I don't know that the government wants fewer people dependent on the government. If you control money and healthcare, you control the people
That's even a better concept 
OUR GIVE AWAYS ARE UNSUSTAINABLE & OUT OF CONTROL!!
That is fact
