who thinks it's time for a recall vote campaign
Sorry, Toomesday. More than ever, perhaps in our history, we need to awaken to the call of obstructionism. #RESISTANCE
Senator - please let me know if you'd like to meet to discuss why many of your constituents think obstruction is important
You are hysterical, when have you ever disagreed with @POTUS ? How does it feel to have sold your soul to the devil?
Where have you been while the Rep. congress was stonewalling President Obama.  Americans want you not to rubber stamp 45.
Sorry Senator, your seemingly reasonable argument isn't credible since you never applied it to the previous POTUS.
Poo!
We want YOU to reach across the aisle. U have all the power. Insist to see 45's taxes and special prosecutor on Russian attack on America.
Our POTUS is crooked. Nation before party. #russiagate
Sessions is a liar and it's disgusting to see Republicans get in the slime
I do not want the democrats to cooperate with dismantling ACA.  No markup no bill as far as I'm concerned.  Transparency
when have you disagreed with 45? when have you stuck your neck out? you won't be re-elected.
When will you actually meet with constituents, anyway? Surreptitious, last minute call-ins during the workday won't do
No I don't want my Democrat reps to work with you to screw every marginalized person in America.
Senator, you seem to agree with the illegitimate President and the GOP, ALL THE TIME
Why didn't you offer Barack Obama any of the courtesy and bipartisanship you are demanding that Democrats offer Trump?
it's pathetic to hear them whine about this when they did nothing to help with Obama. Hypocrites, cry babies
I thought you favored gridlock. Or was that just for the last eight years? #ProfilesInCowardice
The American people overwhelmingly want you move to russia!!!
You must earn the respect of those across the isle. Last year Supreme Court Justice nominee didnt even get a hearing. Sad!
I don't know how you can hope for that, with a lunatic president and a republican party that obstructed every Obama action
Soooo you want them to behave opposite of the way Republicans behaved during Obama's presidency..Just save time and say it
, please read and share this list of how hard @POTUS has worked to make bipartisan alliances:
there's no point talking to Toomey. He's bent over 4 party line, damn the Republic -Pennsylvania voter.
Grow a back bone and stop just supporting the gop party line and represent the real people of PA. Voting u out.
Is the same letter democratics gave to McConnell when he was an OBSTRUCTIONIST. #Garlandforsupremecourt
wrong. Pennsylvanians overwhelmingly want to C tax returns and have full investigation of Russia scandal. Fire Sessions.
AMEN, we should be open minded and allow all people an equal chance, more so a person who has fought as hard as Mr. TRUMP.
Dems are doing better than Repubs did with Obama which was stop him at every turn
.@SenToomey @POTUS Obstructionism?! You mean as perfected by the #GOP over the last 8 years? Puh-leese.
This is not just the Dem MOCs who are resisting.  They are backed by millions of everyday citizens who are horrified.
nice hypocritical statement by a man who was in office when GOP didn't even holding a hearing on a SCOTUS nominee #gloomytoomey
We asked, begged, and pleaded the GOP to work with President Obama. You didn't. Why? The GOP started this fight by nominating...
and electing a man that has sold us out to Russia. What's more you keep throwing up roadblocks to investigating it because...
When do you think Trump will givevOuti the Ukraine and Toomey will dance the polka
.@SenToomey OBSTRUCTIONIST, ARE YOU H*CKING SERIOUS. 2 WORDS; MERRICK FREAKING GARLAND
Oh really, what about Merrick Garland?
Hey Pat-where's your comment regarding perjury by the current AG??
why are you not on the list?? Party over country??? We are watching!!!!
Are you serious? Reach across the aisle? Work with POTUS? Ask Mr. McConnell how to do that. He's an expert.
gridlock? You repubs make me laugh.
Get on board that sinking ship! You're forever linked to the Russian scandal now.
It seems disingenuous to blame Democrats for obstructionism when GOP has neglected to hold confirmation hearings for a year... 
http://dirtyenergymoney.com/view.php?searchvalue=Toomey%2C+Pat&com=&can=N00001489&zip=&search=1&type=search#view=connections …
Your address is to tell us what we want?  good thinking. We want an investigaton into Russian ties.
And we, the American people, want Congress to do their job. We demand answers to the Russian connection. DO YOUR JOB SIR!
need to take the picture of our Military down. You are align with trump not America
what the American people want is country over party and NOW

why wasn't this said over the last 8 years ???
Republicans obstructed EVERYTHING Obama wanted for 8 years. NOW you want to work together? Um, no.
the same consideration that the Republicans gave to the Obama for 8 years?Merrick Garland?
You did absolutely nothing but obstruct the last president. You're a liar, and a hypocrite.
We'll show you the EXACT same respect that you showed Pres. Obama. Payback is Hell!
Nice try! We remember the last 8 years. GOP only screamed no like toddlers! Go suck a binky!
Hey Pat, why didn't you work with Pres OBama? Talk about obstructionism you are a hypocrite. Are you a Russian asset?
Of course no one wants obstructionism! Just ask #MerrickGarland.
You talk as though the country is on it's last leg. Thankfully "here he come to save the day we know Pat is on his way."
Not all Americans want Dems to reach across the isle. You take too much for granted Mr. Party Line.  Oppose everything.
After stealing the Supreme Court Seat, shutting down the gov't, and blocking Obama at every step, you are asking for WHAT?
Where were you the past 8 yrs Pat! Don't recall bipartisanship from you very much! Weak D's ran against you not next time!
.@SenToomey disagreement is not obstruction. Obstruction is refusing to even vote on #SCOTUS nominees and shutting down gov't as u know well
Who cares what you have to say.. COWARD.
Who cares what you have to say. COWARD
You and the repubs obstructed for 6 years now you want cooperation! I THINK NOT #resist
How would you even know? You're hiding in a bunker somewhere!
Are you kidding! Dems are ready to work on tax cuts infrastructure etc. GOP is fractured & paralyzed by people like you!
You have no idea what the people want. You won't meet with them or take their calls. Your "statement" is a joke. #realPA
can you list the number of times you broke rank and voted for a Democratic ideal?????
If you would hold proper town halls, you would be more in touch.
No An overwhelming no. of your constituents do not want their Dem. Legislators to reach out to this destructive admin.
GOP obstructed Obama for 8 full years, must do more than deliver 1 speech to make amends: Give Garland a hearing, vote.
and BTW, Toomey...18222 is watching. Vouchers under the guise of Block Grants ARE NOT WELCOME IN PA. Remember that.
'Broken health care' results from big pharma & insurance, two industries that line your pockets. We know u sell your vote.
The ACA worked just fine. Your idea of fixing will leave millions unprotected. No compromise.
You want to reform the tax code by giving breaks to rich. Dems want tax equality. No compromise.
You say you want the dems to look at each issue and decide? How about you do that instead of voting 100% with GOP?
We can't fix schools with incompetent Sec of Ed who runs for-profit charter schools and doesn't support free lunch.
U are either delusional or purposely trying to gaslight your constituents while @ the same time proving ur devotion to 45 Sick!
Please! Republicans blocked every single effort of Pres Obama. Nowyou expect cooperation! What goes around comes around.
Sir, you speak of recent gridlock and fearing more. What about ALL gridlock  the past 8 years? Hypocritical to not expect it now.
We don't want gridlock, we want NON-racist/fascist/white-nationalist/sexist/isolationist policy serving public not Trump.
YOU DID NOTHING TO REACH ACROSS THE AISLE EXCEPT YOUR BS GUN BILL. YOU OBSTRUCTED OBAMA FOR 8 YRS. YOU ARE A HYPOCRIT #SAD
When the hell did Republicans reach across the aisle for Obama? They didn't. Stop with your bravado.
You work for us - you don't get that.  You have ignored what we want.  We no longer care what you think.  You're history.
Who gave you permission for this ? Koch brothers ? Charles Chaput ? Or McConnell/Ryan?
REALLY? After your behavior the last 8yrs Sen. ? Give PA a break.
nobody can agree w/ anyone  If you don't agree, solution-obstructionism is a virus. #problemsolversvproblemcreators
where was this speech for last eight years when Koch brothers ordered you to block everything Obama did #onthetaketoomey
Please get the agenda done!  This is your moment.  Get it done or get out.  Thank you very much!  PA resident for DJT.
not to mention @BetsyDeVos is not going fix #american schools but destroy standards and will harm many students' future
all do respect you are a #hypocrite !! with @BarackObama in office you and the @GOP did nothing to the detriment of many
It is the responsibility of the majority to reach across the aisle to ensure the minority is represented.
WE decided.....YOU are a rubber stamp...this is your LAST round in office..Y'all hated the man, and now you cheering him..
Pfffttt !!! "Reach accross the aisles ??  You cannot even SHOW UP at yur offices or answer your phones !! DISGRACE.
Love how your cover photo is you with the military and insurance for them is "not part of the GOPs budget!" Hypocrite!
Here's a thought. Stop supporting taking away insurance from our most vulnerable people!
realize who the Dems have become and be prepared to do the heavy lifting with out them
so Senator where has the Republican cooperation been for the previous 8 yrs. hypocrisy at its best!
Obstruction?  Where the hell were you for past 8 yrs.
Toomey, you have the nerve to say this. You never extended that courtesy yourself. Hypocrite.
Did you insist on a vote for Pres Obama's SCOTUS pick?  #Hypocrite
this is unreal what have you been doing the last 8 years? Look in a mirror
I'm a registered Independent. What goes around comes around. You should have have thought of that, no criticizing! #ITMFA
-Ironic that you are commenting on this when the @GOP made it their mission to block so much of wanted to do.
No. I want obstructionism. I want everything blocked. No Fascist USA.
I hope the democrats block EVERY SINGLE ISSUE that #SCROTUS is in support of.  And I hope that YOU start listening!
come and tell it to our faces in a real town hall.
If obstruction is too much to ask, can we at least expect an occasional "Nay" vote? Even a strongly worded statement would help.
Republicans obstructed Democrats for 8 years! They robbed him of a Supreme Court nomination. Were you drunk or high?
you ARE NOT REPRESENTING YOUR CONSTITUENCY SENATOR! We do not agree!
#obstructionism if the Dems do, they learned it from the Republicans
I agree with the Senator on this
If @realDonaldTrump gave Dems something to work with, they would.  So far, his words are vacuuous.  Where's the plan?
and all his cabinet members are slime and pretty vile millionaires & billionares. Have you no shame?
you forget the obstructionism that the Republicans gave Obama for 8 years.
no. @GOP has become a totalitarian regime. A regime that refused t work with Democrats under Pres. Obama. #resistfascism
Merrick Garland
I'm your constituent. It's only partisan because Repubs are siding with a force destructive to our democracy.
are you seriously brain damaged?  After years of Republican gridlock, NOW is the time for everyone to play nice?
I agree w/ your message in principle but you didnt address Republican gridlock & obstruction of past 8 yrs. How do we go forward?
Really? You and fellow Republicans failed to reach across the aisle for the last 8 years-- now you call for unity. "Sad."
YOU do not represent me! Again, a disappointment,  we will not forget!!!
YOU CANNOT BLINDLY FOLLOW BECAUSE YOUR GOOD OLD BOYS DO REMEMBER " WE THE PEOPLE"!!!
YOU WORK FOR  YOUR CONSTITUENTS NOT THE PRESIDENT!!! WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO DO THE RIGHT THING?
Oh, now you're against obstructionism?  How about doing something for the middle class for a change.
I'm looking for your similar statement to @SenateMajLdr during '08-16. Looking... looking... nope can't find it.
but if you can find it please share. I may be wrong.
Did you ever work with President Obama???!???!
And where was this spirit of cooperation when Obama was POTUS? The GOP waged total obstruction. You are an embarrassment.
where was this compromise when there was a Democratic president?
we overwhelmingly want a bipartisan committee to investigate Trump's ties to Russia but that didn't stop you from voting it down
somehow the Republican Party expects the Democrats to just fold after 8 years of blocking their leadership. Compromise!
have you not an iota of integrity? Gridlock? Your fellow Repubs  wrote the playbook.  You're a disgrace.
Come out in support of removing the income cap on SS and drop any privatization schemes. Your constituents are watching.
you list me at fixing our schools. The House introduced HR 610, you should probably look into it.
They learned #gridlock from the best. Be fair to all Americans they will join you.
Woukd have been nice if the Republicans would have done the same for eight years.  You have no credibility on that.
#ToomeyStatement That would carry a lot of weight with me had you reached across the aisle more when Obama was Pres.
Whoomey? You're a joke right now.
still thinks it is about obstructionism. It's about patriotism. Clearly our meetings weren't productive. #TuesdayswithToomey
Yes, you agree with anything 45 says. Do not feed us and tell us it is fudge. Sad!
Yes, the same way the GOP was cooperative for the last eight years. RESIST
The fact that we are stuck with you for six more years is sickening. You are a fraud!
ur party is out to destroy this country! #notmypresident
How could you even know,what the American people want. We've been unsuccessfully trying to talk to you for months.
saved your statement so in 4 years we can see if you agree with this statement.
oh and by the way you are doing a crap job at listening to your constituents!  Who do you actually represent?! Not PA apparently
nice that repubs are asking Dems not to obstruct and to work together.  Where was that attitude from the repubs during obamas 8yr
U are too busy to meet Ur constituents but never to busy to rubber stamp T. Why don't U do a bit of bipartisan work? Town Hall!!
kind of like how the republicans obstructed for eight years during Obama's presidency.
yeah, right. Not
You do not know what the American people want because you have not listened to your constituents.
You rubber stamp everything Trump says. Have a town hall to hear what PA citizens have to say. Do your job! Listen to #realPA
Replace the word "Democrat" w/ "Republican", the name "Trump" w/ "Obama"
Turnabout is fair play.
#OurTurn
My full statement regarding the #JointAddress @POTUS gave tonight are here: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=news&id=1890  
How come you won't face your constituents who aren't in agreement with you, your party or your president? Reconcile that!
So when your party pledged obstruction it was okay? Where was all this conciliatory BS rhetoric when Obama was in office?
bipartisan?! How about signing the BIPARTISAN LIHEAP letter supporting heat assistance for low income Pennsylvanians in winter??
You cannot speak for the American people.  You're not even the voice of your constituents, since you can't meet or tolerate us.
it isn't obstruction to demand divestiture and disclosure of cabinet appointees. That's called due diligence. Look it up.
#hypocritical much? Your history of obstructing Obama is not forgotten. Stop hiding in your father's coat tails!
work with dems to investigate the Russian hacks, the violations of the emoluments clause, and tax returns first. Shame on you
Just like Rs "reached across the aisle" under Pres. Obama? Funny how party that spent 8 yrs obstructing now wants unity.
where were you when the Dems reached out? You turned your back. You closed the door, and now you hide.
seriously? How about when the Republicans blocked Obama at every turn during his 8 years??? #hypocrisy
just like you reached across the aisle to advise and consent on #MerrickGarland ? Coward.
So, would you call not even holding hearings on Obama's SCOTUS nominee for eight months obstruction?
Gotcha!!!
Oh my god, the irony...
Here's a thought, why not reach out to your own constituents IN PERSON and hear THEM out on the issues?
#WheresToomey
The man who wouldn't allow Garland to have a hearing wants to talk about "reaching across the aisle"? Hypocrite.
Didn’t you obstruct for 8 years?  Hypocrite.  Townhalls — not Tuesdays for Toomey.
.@SenToomey @POTUS After all the years of being the party of no, your statement is shamefully hypocritical.
All you're doing is setting yourselves up with a reason to whine when you run into opposition.
Did you reach across the aisle when Obama was President.  The GOP has memory loss. GOP threw roadblocks at Dem for 8 years
.@SenToomey apparently some people will agree with POTUS all the time, Senator Rubber Stamp. Glad others have the integrity to oppose him.
Hey what site is this from?
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/ …
Thanks!
Quit tweeting and return to PA. You are missed!
Hey, revisded it for ya, @SenToomey - "None of us will agree with the president all of the time... except for me, because I am a coward"
great post. Blaming Democrats is a helpful course of action. It really improves my quality of life.
tell us again....really.
I believe John Lewis may have words on this.When you look up McConnell in the web u see obstructionist in the definition.
oh please.. why would dems reach across the aisle and help you dismantle and take health care from 20 million.
except for the fact that gridlock has been the name of the game on the Republican side for awhile...u forgot.
we won't all agree with the president every time, but @SenToomey does
My full statement regarding the #JointAddress @POTUS gave tonight are here: http://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=news&id=1890  
My thoughts exactly.
