Start working for this country and NOT your party.  How do you actually sleep when you betray the trust of so many?
You have the power and responsibility to do something about it. Stop supporting an administration that encourages this behavior
YOUR president told PA AG that he believes it was a 'false flag" ..Where's your comment on that?
how about anti Islamic acts
you are a fraud supporting the people trump  skeletor bannon, and underbite Conway who encourage hate and division.
while your at it. Don't forget to investigate our president's ties to Russia.
You are just as responsible as the perpetrators. You sin by your silence! You are a rubber stamp to these fascists. See through u
So you are on record as Dems did not do this?
thanks for making statement on Anti-Semitism. We need our leaders to speak out about this.
Of course!  Step up for the hard part, though:  quelling the hatred.
any of your votes for anti-hate crime legislation on ebay yet? Can you let us know when those auctions go up?
How do you not see your complicity in this, Senator? Really? You're likely a smart guy, but hardly self-aware.
How about investigating Russia and DJT ties? Didn't Waite time with HRC emails!  Or Benghazi
Your words ring hollow when you won't speak out about the anti-semitic people in the White House.
Why won't Trump say White Christian Terrorism?
I agree.  You've got work to do. Since Trump's election those crimes have increased. He doesn't decry them. KKK Whitehouse?
you stood silently by as Donald trump encouraged this type of behavior. And you were well aware of it.
But you must also stand up to the administration that is encouraging people to act this way.
Thank you.
investigate your own party and your president first. Start with the ban on refugees.
You support the p***y grabbing anti-Semitic administration.  YOU ARE INTOLERABLE
hope is not enough, senator. You need to do your job and speak up for your constituents.
Hope is not a plan. And, where are you?
Please ask the @POTUS to denounce these heinous acts!
let's have a town hall to discuss
who calls for investigations? Is that from POTUS or from Congress?  We need action. This is a huge national issue
Please do more than tweeet. You need to stand up to those you're surrounded by at the WH. Starts from the top
Don't just "hope"--make it happen. And look into Trump-Russia if you care about this country!
only if you impeach Trump and get rid of Brannon.
perhaps if @SenToomey would do his job, #standUpToTrump and vote with conscience, the hate wouldn't be so bad. #represent
Why hasn't the President spoken out ?
.@SenToomey Don't just hope. Lead the investigation. And take it all the way back to the administration you've supported & enabled.
These hate groups are taking a page from trump and the republicans. YOU must represent something better or YOU are condoning hate
It's time to start showing the US that you care and start voting for your constituents NOT the PARTY.
several swift investigations, please. Don't be part of the problem
your party, which you place before your country, encourages hate. You should be ashamed! #Shame #DoYourJob
Once again you act like you care when you don't give a damn about anything but your stupid party and rich donors
so are you introducing a motion or something?
most likely will be botched by democrat leaders.
- start by acknowledging that hateful rhetoric comes from the White House - out of control. Hate has no home here.
words are meaningless without action. Call out the rhetoric at the WH - stand up to Bannon and the others!
Once you have finished tidying the pencils on your desk you could go out and lead one. #recessisover #gettowork
crimes?!  You mean threat in lives of Americans!  Terrorism! What will you do to stop this ? Investigate!
SO MANY AND STILL CONTINUES?
where is Mr Trump's 'heartfelt' comment?!
Hi Pat!!!  Glad you can finally weigh in on something. Thank you for your brave stand on anti-Semitism being  bad.
maybe you can do a bit more than just hope.  I would like to see you act #DoYourJob #YourLastTerm
I'm glad you spoke out but as an elected office we need actions not hope. What are your plans to stop the prejudice and violence?
yet you continue to support Trump and his Nazi white house
.@SenToomey do something about don't just hope. Sponsor a bill about hate crimes. Stand up for the people. Make a difference. #SayNoToHate
Your support of @realDonaldTrump is emboldening these #deplorables.  You are as much to blame!
Absolutely right, so do something other than blow smoke. stand up to #StopPresidentBannon and his hate #gloomytoomey #Clown
thank you for paying attention. Since you are in a position of power, what is your plan of action?
and yet you support #45 and his anti-Semitic administration. WHY?
the amount of hate generated since imperial president cheeto took over is growing.
why aren't you also pushing for an investigation of trumps Russian connection ?
Come down from the Hill and meet with the people!
Senator what is your plan?  It is time to stand up to Donald Trump. You need to do what's right for PA.  @SenToomey @phillydotcom
You can't talk Anti-Semitism when you voted for one.
How about investigating Trump?  Any thoughts on that you'd like to share?
Three hours later, & two separate calls to your local offices & @SenToomey's social media staff still hasn't managed to address the comments
when the guy you are supporting encourages hate etc you kind of expect this stuff. Stand up for what's right.
I can't get through to your office, @SenToomey. I'm #RealPA constituent whose family is affected by today's bomb threats.
how about also including an investigation into President's ties with Russia.  American people deserve an answer.
Respectfully, @SenToomey, WE need more than HOPE. We need your help to root-out the anti-Semitism that's happening across the Commonwealth.
actions speak louder than words, try actually doing something!
While you are investigating- how about 45's ties to Russia?  Ho about his <lack of> ethics?
Where is 45's statement? Unless he condones violence against Muslims and Jews.
What r u going to do about a president who is silent about this?
How about a swift investigation of Trump's Russia ties while you're at it?
You@mean@like a white supremacist in the White House and a Muslim Ban?!?! #SCREWINGAMERICAAGAIN!
You hold much responsibility for these hateful acts by supporting our anti-Semitic, racist, xenophobic "leader."
And independent investigation of Russian election interference.  Both r threats to our democracy.  #DoYourJob
I think the administration and the GOP have made this type of behavior seem ok. Remember all the hate during the elections ?
it doesn't help when you support president Bannon & Trump his errand boy. When are u going to start fighting 4 us?
time to reflect how your actions are responsible for these threats
if only some1 could help in this matter. Maybe some1 elected by the people to help carry out law & order. "Hope" we find some1
it the rhetoric of your party and Trump that promotes this hate
where have you been hiding?
they enforced me eat overdoses to get died requests under US HUD INVOLVED IN SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS! REPORT
I agree. However, a white supremacist should not be in the White House. Bannon must go.
thank you for speaking out. Now it's time for action. Investigate Bannon and Trump!
stop being a rubber stamp for hate & stand up to this so-called president allowing fear and hatred to run rampant in our country
can u ask for a swift investigation your constituents want with trump? Glad u care about this but also need action.
Don't hope. Ensure it happens.
More military,police and this? 1930 Germany
Something to really to think about
tell me please: was trump elected to "dismantle the American state"?  Sounds like treason to me
I doubt your sincerity.
again, words are good, actions are better, Senator. What will you be doing to help??
man it's almost like people who perpetuate these grotesque shouldn't be in the white house?
wow, two tweets in one day.  Any investigation needs to start with Trump's instigation.
as a Jew who once voted for you: you have sold your soul to Trump, and this is entirely your fault. Try action.
words without deeds have no meaning. Look into your own heart and own what you have done or not done that allows this behavior
Don't worry, I'm sure President "Least anti-semitic person you've ever seen" is on it.
you need to treat threat of white supremacists with more seriousness than imagined Muslim threat
Thank you for speaking out so clearly!
Yes, @SenToomey. Thank you for this. We see you.
Puts all of us in jeopardy.  We can thank bannon et al for this.
What r u doing abt White Nationalists in the WH? Also we need independent investigation of Trump/Russia ties. & we need the ACA.
yes, but more hate crimes will occur when our president encourages an atmosphere of hate and fear.
.@SenToomey @All100Senators Stop supporting the anti-Semitic Trump/Bannon administration then!
vs the DNC where Ellison holds a key leadership post? @SenToomey @All100Senators
You set the stage for this Sir.  You did not speak out and now these are the fans of the White House
Praying the Jewish people will be safe.
Welcome to @realDonaldTrump's America where intolerance, bigotry, and hate rule. This must stop @POTUS! @SenToomey @phillydotcom
I am Jewish, and I notice you don't speak out when the acts are against Muslims and Islamic centers in PA.
ohhhhhh snap! 
LOL okay Toom dawg. Keep pretending like you're some moral arbiter. #WheresToomey #BurntDownHouses
then speak out again 45 EVERY time he spews an antisemitic view. Otherwise you are a hypocrite &part of the problem
@GOP if Senator Toomey would take an honest look at trump's policies, he would see that trump is inciting the hate crimes
