
Per @NoamLevey, McConnells office is refusing meetings with major patient advocacy groups. 
85,000 jobs will be lost in PA resulting from #TrumpCare
Every1 I talk to in PA, repubor dem is watching how u vote on AHCA. Yes vote will lose u your seat. We aren't going2 forget in a few yrs
Grow a backbone and call Trump out on his Lies and protection of Russia!!!
All red tape the isn't bad. Some protects us.
Single payer healthcare solves the benefits problem.
Employers can then pay better wages & better manage costs/personnel expenses long term.
What are you doing about ahca it's gonna kill millions why are you totally silent on this please don't turn out to be another trump puppet
Show us the Bill, @SenToomey Protect the health of your constituents, not the fat pockets of your campaign donors. #PA06 #AHCAkills
Firing a certain senator would reduce a lot of RED tape. That's a step in the right direction.
Wow, looks like that carefully screened group really challenged your worldview...
As a resident of your district, please keep to the Trump agenda and let's get things done! No more delay! Tax reform!
Did you have them go around the table taking turns telling you how awesome you are and what an honor to be with you? All 16 of them, wow.
Define excess red tape!! environ, regs, worker protections, living wage, etc?  Your propaganda is unconvincing
Yes they mean all the things that ensure we don't have a smog season like china! Even they're starting to realize we need regulations on air
Too bad you won't meet face to face with your constituents, what a coward.  We are sick of how we are treated, secrecy on health bill?
Are you going to pretend you care about them, too? Do you answer when they call? Your constituents are beyond unhappy and you do nothing
townhall 18018 Saturday at stabler please.
you could support universal health care so people aren't terrified of entrepreneurship?  no, that's crazy talk.
Talk is cheap -let's hear what you propose in support of jobs,health care and tax reform or will you decide as the wind blows!
Best thing is #RepealAndReplace then Support @potus agenda!!  #MAGA
Did u talk about how they won't be able to find qualified staff after the cuts u and DeVos support to Pub Ed? Shameful!
Money has never solved the problem in the past, and it won't solve it now. Let DeVos do her job and you'll be pleased with the results.
What is your educational background? Sounds like it is at same level as DeVos' and Toomey's. Oppressing the neediest never solves problems.
#ShowUsTheBill NOW NOW NOW NOW@NOW NOW NOW
Talk is cheap.  Do something
I call b-s on this---cherry picks his audience and avoids attending meetings where his constituents challenge his policies
START SUPPORTING OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP..!!!!!!!!!
Then why won't you hold an open #TownHall and face your constituents! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Healthcare
Too bad you're not listening to regular people who are going to lose their healthcare is the AHCA passes.
Any chance of a town hall in zip 19046?  Didn't think so...Pay to Play Toomey, you are worthless to PA.
Speaking of "red" things, how about some action on Russian interference in our election?
Also, #Trump's repeated attempts at obstruction of justice have me seeing red. You going to do anything about that?
Congrats on cutting tape by eliminating debate and forming an oligarchy! 1/6 of economy and millions of lives in your hands. #ShowUsTheBill
I called your office and Nurse Ratched lied to me about the healthcare bill.
Specifically what red tape???
Yo Pat, portable affordable healthcare is great for PA businesses. Please dont hurt PA businesses by  backing the gop healthcare bill
I'm a small business and @SenToomey healthcare policies creates financial instability for my business. Leave the ACA alone.
How about a public town hall?
Healthcare jobs will be lost if your Healthcare bill passes. Talk to us your constituents. Town hall now.
What is your thoughts on a nation wide DNA database for all arestees? #asksentoomey
How about letting the American people, and your co-workers for that matter, know what is in the secret healthcare bill. #cowards
Even your wealthy buddies will not be able to save the GOP from the uprising that is coming in 2018....add some more fuel you fool.
After you hide the healthcare  bill from the  PA citizens,  from a burned out  shell  PA voter
Get rid of regulations so our water and air can be polluted for the sake of profits!!
Help my #Alaska senators @lisamurkowski & @SenDanSullivan make good  choices. Quit being so secretive about the #AHCA. #ShowUsTheBill
Hand picked for no critical voices. Show us the courage of your convictions with a town hall.   Balls?  No balls.
Aw, shucks, Pat! You forgot to notify us, your faithful constituents, that you were available in living color! We'll just replace you then!
Am holding off buying small biz in Chester Co precisely bc I fear you will weaken the individ health ins mktplace. Thanks for nothing. #ahca
What about talking to your constituents of color (yes, I see that one possibly brown man on the right)? Or those of us under 40?
I bet that dude in the green shirt has a copy of the secret bill #ShowUsTheBill
Not by tax cuts for the rich. When are you going to have a town hall meeting? It's over 4 years now without any
When you say "red tape", I think you really mean "protections for workers, the public, and the environment".  Btw, how's Trumpcare going?
Which he *might* understand if he bothered to hold a town hall or two.
But what did you say? What did you say? Please say what you said, please say what you said .
Will you take health insurance from millions causing many to die?
You need to do one thing and one thing only. #ShowUsTheBill
Have a townhall in Erie, Coward! You work for us. Not for long.
Best grow our economy?  Put people to work at a living wage, with single payer healthcare and start representing your constituents.
Look at the responses.   Listen to your constituents
Will your health care bill help them?  No.  Why won't you talk to your constituents?   Just businesses.  You are a coward and a fraud
Forget about repealing ACA and support Single Payer and Trump impeachment. That will improve the economy more than anything else.
Actually, we're stuck with him until 2022. Sadly.
Here's an idea give them not the millionaires tax breaks
WHAT ABOUT HEALTHCARE?! TALK ABOUT THAT -- YOU'RE ONLY WRITING THE BILL AS WE SPEAK.
Don't put safety regs in those cuts!
Show us the bill.
When is your next town hall?

Ah yes, "red tape." One of those mealy-mouthed bullshit words you R's love. Damned gubment and its red tape! [Shakes fist]
Before you can get Pennsylvanians back to work you need to get them off opiates. That means healthcare for EVERYONE. Not just Congress.
Agree excess regulation can be problematic, but how do we ensure that cuts don't erode consumer protections or environmental health concerns
Start by saying no to the clown, get off the Trump Train
What about open hearings on the Healthcare
Did you give those constituents any details of your top secret health care bill? Because we'd really like to have some details out here.
Any chance you talked about health insurance? Would you talk to non-business leaders, you know, constituents, about your health care bill?
If red tape prevents things like the fire in Grenfell Tower, I'd prefer to stick with the tape pat.
WE DON'T CARE. SHOW US THE BILL. #ShowUsTheBill #ProtectOurCare
How about talking with your constituents, Pat? You're long overdue for a Town Hall. Do your job!
@SenToomey is too afraid of his constituents to do a town hall meeting. Too busy kissing Don's orange pucker.
Yep! & in 2022 we won't forget he supported Trump. There will be LOTS of new young voters who REALLY don't like him.
How about you and your fellow Republicans stop being such b!tches and #ShowUsTheBill?
Don't vote yes on the secret healthcare bill, that will be making people uninsured or not be able to afford it. #AnyoneButToomey2022
I'm a small biz owner and I can't make decisions about the future of my biz because you won't show us the "healthcare" bill you are writing.
Also, you seem to have forgotten to ask the POC who are small biz leaders to that mtg.
by ensuring healthcare for all and subsidizing for those who need help. No tax cuts for wealthy
Did you conclude that "repeal Obamacare, destroy a million jobs, and take fourteen million people off their insurance" was the way to go?
