Could you have left yourself off of this? You as a Senator is definitely a detracting factor for PA.
Yeah, would have looked so much better if we couldn't get it together enough that bipartisan senators couldn't come together for this.
You're adorable. How much $ are you getting from the Kochs/DeVoses/Mercers, etc. etc. etc.
lol.  I do my best.
Non-sequitur much?
Nothing is a non-sequitur in Trumplandia.
Um, this response was. 
You're now 3rd-degree-non-sequitur from the original topic. 
This would be good for our state. Its not political.
Why the fuck would Amazon want to come here with a Senator like Toomey, a shit state legislature, and Pennsyltucky country?
Great!   This is governance!
Yea. Well you can't call that creating jobs. Just saying.
Happy to finally be able like something you tweet.
Fine if they stay away from Philly! It’ll only drive the cost of living up. Stay away from Philadelphia!
Philly isnt in contention. It's the Pittsburgh area
False, Philadelphia is a stronger candidate for this than Pittsburgh
I know we're a stronger candidate, but I read an article about this last week. Pittsburgh was mentioned for the new headquarters, not Philly
Philadelphia is putting together a bid and is considered one of the stronger candidates. Pittsburgh is likely too small for Amazon.
Cool. Are you also calling out the president for calling Bezos owned Washington Post fake news?
Why not join Dems and support PA healthcare?
of adding to the economy of the state. Just say no! 2/2
You don't deserve to stand in the shadow of either of these men or Amazon! Just go play with you sick Republican Senators to find another way to fuck us over!
Please help Puerto Rico today. One man had both legs amp. fr infection from storm injury then no help for 2 wks, people in ICUs are dead
Be serious no state which voted for Trump can be part of the new economy
We've got bigger issues than an amazon location
Why are you letting Trump sabotage the ACA?
Because Toomey could care less about ppl's lives.  He penned the @GOP's first attempt at a Deathcare bill that was stymied by 3 Republicans.
Gentlemen, particularly Senator Toomey - how we feeling about the Donald now? PA OBAMACARE costs up 30% - what are you going to do?????????!
Why would anyone want to do business with an opportunistic pol with no moral compass. Ask @realDonaldTrump for help. He and bezos are cool.
What dead mall are they planning on moving to?  You know they are buying dead malls right.
Why would he choose PA when senators like Pat Toomey are supporting the president’s sabotage of the health insurance market . . .
That's nice but what about you supporting the citizens of this country and stop the chaos president from destroying us. Keep ACA
R u trying to switch them to Philadelphia from Pittsburgh since u suck in Western PA?
Hit the nail on the head w/ that one!
Will this be your video for 2022 that you worked across party lines again?  Why not do something like get rid of proposed tax reform?

Well done, Pennsylvania voters. Well done. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/920029594811551745 …
Probably the only decent thing you have done all year.
when Amazon would cost other states millions of dollars instead 1/2
Ask your prez to release his strangle hold on healthcare.
How about holding a town hall in Pgh, guaranteeing CHIP benefits, standing up to the destructive HC EO, not take $ from drug companies? Hum?
@SenToomey I wouldn’t call you a shining example of PA. Hope we get the HQ, but looking forward to you losing your job
I don't think Amazon will want to come to a state where the GOP Legislature will not fund the budget it passed.
Too bad you couldn't join them in wanting millions of people to keep their healthcare!
And how about asking to have the ACA subsidies back so Pennsylvanians can go to the dr.
Y don’t u ask u r president to quit trying to sabotage the ACA? #KochSucker
Make them pay their fair share of taxes. NO TAX ABATEMENT FOR TEN YEARS LIKE THE @GOP does all the time and leave the tax burden on famlies
Way to lead by example! Parties working together for the good of the people. Well done boys.
High time you began to actually do something constructive for PA.
Nice to know he'll get a mind-boggling tax break from your legislation
Glad y’all worked together
Awesome, now want about CHIP & the ACA?
And did Mr Bezos respond?
I suspect he'd be a lot more likely to pick pa if you stopped licking the boots of #45
Thank you Senator
Way to jump on the band wagon.  Just like you did with the hate mongering white power wave of trump.
But what if they want to support women, or gay rights???  How dare they. You are a hypocrite toomey.  Go away.
Well goody for you. When/where is your next town hall?
LOL. So Wolf & Casey get dirty $ off this, but Toomey is clean? Oooookay.
But wait, you hate Jeff Bezos & the failing Washington Post, ur dog barks at him all time & u never correct him. It's on u if we lose this
We want it in Missouri
OK, they can build a multi-billion dollar headquarters on YOUR dime since they'll get so many tax breaks doing this thing.
We have a nice location in Cass County waiting for them.
good, your tax dollars can pay for this.
Mmm. When both parties join hands then us regular folks better read the details. So often we get screwed.
Wow!
Finally putting the best interest of Pennsylvanians first before your party
Don’t bet on it. He probably will profit from it.
Glad to hear you put together a PowerPoint for Amazon. What are you doing for the people of Pennsylvania?
Seems like @amazon wants options in case business is no longer doable from the People's Republic of California.
Join Sen Casey & Gov Wolf & protect us from unfit Trump: #SaveCHIP & #ACA.
Reject 1st strike #NKorea. #PuertoRicoRelief #ProtectMueller
You actually did something that might be good for the people if Pa?  Surprising

I’m almost positive they will end up in Texas near Whole Foods HQ.
They are price checking. Driving down the market even further.

Pres. Trump is at his Virginia golf club, marking his 73rd visit to one of his golf properties since taking office https://nbcnews.trib.al/hVWuXyM  
"Pennsylvania also has a robust public transportation network" ???
Funny how your welling to work with Dems? Try it for chip and healthcare
Hey Pat, why not join with them and try to keep us alive by not cutting healthcare benefits and making healthcare unaffordable for millions?
@SenToomey, what took you so long?
In no way do you represent PA.
Then convince your backwardsass supporters that education is key to an improved supply of employable persons. Stop crapping on schools.
CHIP? Hello?
@SenToomey YOU ARE NOT TRUSTED.
Great! We have the workforce to build it and operate it!

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 

Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer. http://apne.ws/7iNtKD4 
Could you join them in asking @realDonaldTrump to #SaveACA? #ProtectOurCare

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 

Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer. http://apne.ws/7iNtKD4 

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 

Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer. http://apne.ws/7iNtKD4 
Pittsburgh specifically!!

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 

Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer. http://apne.ws/7iNtKD4 
Yeah up by Lackawaxen
