Talk about something that matters asshat!
The judge McConn stole is turning out to be RW extremist we knew he was.
Yeah, quit shoving your perverted view of Christianity down our throats. Freedom of and from religion.
Let's see your position when the Satanist church finds a worth cause to put their name on.
Keeping church & state separate is not religious discrimination. It's the Constitution.
Make public education as good as private and get rid of private education & stop dividing our children based on class!
You are delusional.
Whatever happened to the separation of church and state
You definitely will NOT be getting my vote in the future, EVER! Time for you to move on...
Asinine. Might as well fund any private school with a benevolent intent. Marrying church and state is a slippery slope.
Yes you would.  Your a black heart 
You are so out of touch. So what if Nazi owner says it's against his belief to serve Jews? It's all about hate with you.
I suppose your OK then with tax dollars going to the Church of Satan. Or is it only done religions you support?
Why would you support satan?
What exactly does separation of church and state mean to you? Where do you draw the line?
wth?
Please don't assume I'm Christian!
About as blunt as I can be.  You suck!
You mean Christian discrimination… you have no issue with discriminating against Muslims.
But you're ok discriminating against women and LGBTQ+ and other minorities.
He never cared about us. We are the shit on his shoe. #ToomeyOUTofPa #ToomeyisShit
Funding a church playground with tax dollars is not religious freedom; the church and state had already compromised anyway.
When you say "religious discrimination" which part do you mean? Are people telling you that you can't worship?
Religious discrimination?  Ha ... What about tolerance for Muslims?
Tax dollars pay for public playgrounds we all have full access to.  If that's not good enough and you want your own, you pay for it.
You mean cutting down one more wall we had in place in the separation of Church and State? The founding fathers are turning in their graves!
Nor the structures they want to build.  If that playground is for the community that would be one thing but it's not.
Bad decision by SCOTUS
1/2 This argument was not about religious belief... tax dollars should not go to fund religious organizations ...
Wrong. Public money going to religious organizations in any form, for any reason, violates Separation of Church and State.
while 5 years may give you a false sense of security, this type of tweet of fact fabrication will come back to hunt you.
YOU APPLAUD...WHAT ??? U VOTE AS TOLD. " oh, prezzy hump told me vote as he says or no more ice cream & conjugal visits for me". KOCH COAL
CBO predicted 89% of Americans would have health insurance in 2016.

In 2016, 89% of Americans had health insurance. #voteno #trumpcare
Really? You like that? Well it is a business and a business that reuses to business will faitl. Too bad the same is the not true for a Sen.
Huh? I thought they allowed partial use of the travel ban.
Seems like you're always on the wrong side of the 2/3 who now oppose this administration!
What about a Muslim ban?  You're OK with that one though, right Senator?  Hypocrite.
boo  hiss
Much applause to you, SenToomey, for striking a major blow to the poor, disabled and elderly in your quest to make the rich more wealthy.
If you go into business, you should serve the public. If you refuse to serve  a segment of the public, you shouldn't be in business.
Senator Toomey, separation of church and state. Your "christianity" can not be impisef upon the citizens of this Country.
LMAO! This means Muslim & Jewish playgrounds can get grants too! Unintended consequences!
But the Muslim ban is fine? Freedom of religion as long as they look and pray like me. Getouttahere button down collar
Religious discrimination? Is that what it's called when Evangelicals are discriminating against everybody else?
Exactly how did they vote against religious discrimination?    Representing your constituents?  Enjoy your last 5 ½ years in the Senate.
Yes, it's very Christian of you to help draft a bill that will murder people. #trumpcare
Pat thanks for taking time from wrecking healthcare and ensuring tax cuts for the rich to tweet about non Christian values. You suck!
How about schools that worship the Devil? Are you all in Toomey?
If you vote for the health bill , you have just become a guard at Auschwitz waiting for people to die even though it wasn't your idea
but discriminating against Muslims is ok, right?
And also, please keep your Catholicism away from my uterus and ANSWER YOUR PHONE!!
Have you lost your mind!? This IS religious discrimination!!! What are you? Rick Santorum?
So you support the government funding of religions. Sounds alot like sharia law you seem to condemn.
You are blurring the lines between church and state - take the tax exempt status away if you choose to continue this.
By endorsing religious discrimination?
Perhaps you've heard of a little thing called the separation of church&state. It's part of the Constitution; that thing you claim to love.
SEPERATION of Church and State??  Are the church's going to pay TAXES now......or are they still getting a free ride?
If churches can receive public money then they should pay taxes.
Were we seeing the same thing?
Would you feel the same way if it were a mosque and not a church. Religious freedom is for all - not just for Christians.
So you believe that discrimination is ok as long as you use your faith as an excuse to do so? Shame on you, Toomey!
https://twitter.com/williamlegate/status/879466429887598592 …
Will you feel the same when tax dollars go to non-Christian religious schools?
U are a racist phone who will not get reelected. Have a good life Jughead on the taxpayers dime
Not giving a church public money for shredded tires is not discriminating against a religion.
Stop it! You're just embarrassing yourself!
For a scoundrel working to push 22 million off healthcare that's like Hitler praising Stalin...NO TRUMPCARE #Trumpcare
I will applaud when you grow a pair and stop voting the way the donors asks you to.

How Republicans defend #Trumpcare: By lying.

(So expect some creative responses to #CBOSCORE) http://fb.me/wyF2puNP 
You can applaud now but you will be out of job soon enough.
The SOB's should be taxed if they need to seek protection from the government.
https://twitter.com/byrdinator/status/879449931815288832 … so who cares right toomey? The GOP lead CBO? The same office you were quoting when ACA got votes on!
Toomey brushes off questions about 22 million more people being uninsured in a decade and says the CBO's predictions are "badly flawed."
Sorry Pat, u have zero credibility just like fake president who lies all day long. We don't believe a word u all say.
ANSWER YOUR PHONES!
Boo! The Church should not get Public benefits paid by non-religious folks' taxes. Why can't we keep Church & state separate? You're wrong.
If you don't believe in religious discrimination, Senator, we'd love to hear your thoughts on the Muslim ban???
Separation of church and State.  If the church wants equality they can pay taxes!!!!
As long as your Christian
Why are you so bad at your job? #townhall #NOTrumpcare as an Atheist, do you support my non-belief?
Separation of Church State is essential to our democracy. You just regurgitate bullsh!t to your base and they eat it up. #SCOTUS #gop
@SenSanders @SenBobCasey @senrobportman the SC decision was correct for the separation of chuch/state. What about 22 M w/o ins.
Do you also applaud 22 million people losing healthcare ?
Yes, @SenToomey, I am interested in your call numbers voicing opposition. #RealPA. #CountryOverParty.  MAYBE WE NEED TO VOTE YOU OUT
If they get public funds, they should be taxed.
By ruling that you can religiously discriminate against Muslim countries?
Can you share your call statistics re:ACA?
If religious organizations can receive public money, should the reverse be true?Should they be required to pay taxes? #letsdiscuss #TownHall
But I thought you liked the Constitution? You know, separation of church and state and all that?
how about some freedom FROM religion and from your constant lies. #onthetaketoomey
So churches don't pay taxes and now also get public funds?! FYI SCIENTLOGY pays no taxes! It's getting very muddy up in here!
I sincerely wish a little mercy & religious principle would seep into your policies and attitudes regarding the poor, the sick and disabled.
Religion can't have it both ways I'm Roman  Catholic The church gets tax breaks but now they want use of our taxes? HELL NO
I too am RC (within reason) and as far as I'm concerned, they will no longer be needing my weekly donations. 
What about my right to not be discriminated because I'm an atheist? I should be protected from your religion it should work both ways
Right... Because the christians of this country just do not have enough religious freedom as it is.
If you want Senator Toomey to pay attention to you, perhaps you should write a 6 figure check.
Now if only a single one of us could applaud you or the rest of the Senate, but that would require someone to actually do their job...
Let's get those Muslim, Jewish, satanist and church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster schools some tax money ASAP - amiright @SenToomey?
How many millions will lose HC under your plan?  You are a "pretend Christian", A Christian of convenience.
As you supported the Muslim ban. You're such a total and compete hypocrite.
Can't wait till you can't get medical care because a paramedic or EMT says they have a religious objection to treating sociopaths.
Please listen to your constituents and open your phone lines. #NoAHCA #StopTrumpCare
Well then Pat, send all your children to be buggered by priests, but don't use my tax dollars for it. #separationofchurchandstate
So then you're against the travel ban? Didn't think so. Hypocrite.
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE
Patty, honey we know you love anyone who gets paid even if hateful like the fake christian trumpers so they can line your pocket for a vote.
The erosion of the separation of church and state is not something for true Americans to celebrate.
Lol, no. A wall btwn church & state is a founding principle of our nation. This ruling, along with HobbyLobby,  will weaken that foundation
Very true... paves the way for the Cruella DeVos & her plan defund non secular education
Discrimination BY the religious.

Tomayto, tomahto.
Do you support these same organizations using the money from taxes to which they don’t contribute?
Separation of Church and State.  You can send your kids to any school you chose but not with my tax dollars. I support public education
Why don't more people get this? It's simple, right?
What are you on?
So playgrounds for private schools are worthy of tax dollars but sick people aren't. Gotcha.
WHITE PEOPLE'S private schools
Respectfully, Sir, SCOTUS is not 'striking a blow' just doing its job... upholding the Constitution.
What about a travel ban targeted specifically at Muslims? Senator, please be more consistent.
He's talking about the decision involving churches building playgrounds
Principles of religious freedom apply to both.  I am frustrated by his selective support of religious freedom.
What the heck kind of alternative facts are you spewing? Once again you embarrass me as a Pennsylvanian.
This is outrageous. You are among those who'd prefer we devolve into a Christian theocracy.
So I guess you disagree with the travel ban then. Seems pretty discriminatory towards a certain religion. Or RU just doing what your told?
A little of both...
How are you voting on the alleged healthcare bill? It appears that many constituents are affected by this "do harm" bill. A No would be nice
Answer your phones!
I applaud #ToomeyTheTool for showing PA that he wants us to vote him out of office because of his reckless approval of the #HealthcareBill.
But you're okay with the basic principle of the "travel ban"?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
Separation of church and state, Senator Toomey. It is not religious discrimination.
Seperation Pat. Why are my tax dollars funding a religious org?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
