#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
Small business owners know you as a liar you are trying to bankrupt me with jacked up premiums and deductables
Do you really live in the same reality as the rest of us ?
And a giant step in the wrong direction for the environment,
health and sustainable agriculture.
Let me guess--big agro gives you money...
Actually his #2 donor is a group of DOCTORS, I kid you not! @RothmanOrtho #NoHarmMyAss
Where is his donors list? I'd love to get a look at that.

I've been calling and emailing Rothman group, I bet they are responsible for updated 1/
You're intent on finding every possible way to kill us all as fast as possible.
And you should spend time working with environmentalist instead of your negative approach  Pruitt is no friend to PA
"water as good as flint" should not be an aspiration for you.
You and your party are dooming our environment. Support environmental protections for the US and for PA.
Truly bad idea. Keeping our waters clean is important for all of us.  This won't make more jobs, it will make more dirty water.
Oh, please. Are you going to make bottled water free, then? Because people need to drink. Boiling water doesn't make pesticide disappear.
When are you senators are going to get gusts enough to tell the pres he not a child and need stop tweetjg
Right, because only citizens in some states deserve clean drinking water? Repeal is a step in the wrong direction for human beings. #WOTUS
answer your constituents
Clean water, nah who needs that. You make me ashamed to be from Pennsylvania. You fail your constituents every damn day.
EVERY SINGLE DAY I WAKE UP ABD THINK "WHY DID WE GET STUCK WITH TOOMEY!!!!!"
Probably the same way Repubs get elected all over the country. They cheat. I no longer believe any outcome of an election when Repubs "win".
Pennsylvania is one of the worst gerrymander-ed states. Of course he cheated. Check out @FairDistrictsPA for how we can get fair elections.
No it's not. Scientists linked Dow chemical spray to brain damage. Regulations save lives. Companies need to make safer products
Pruitt wanted to have someone lie while questioned.Why is he not putting more people in EPA 68 NOW 11.What is he hiding?
Can't wait to VOTE  YOU OUT of office! #votegopout
Thats @SenToomey now we can return to the glory days of  &  shit in our water #epaisacorporateshill
Scott Pruitt is a embarrassment. One of the most dangerous of all the clowns in your party. Your support of him is not surprising.
Truly digusting decision.

If only @SenToomey cared as much about saving American lives as he does sugar, #TrumpCare would fail. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/880481036857208832 …
I'm a small business owner you want to raise my health insurance so I will not be able to afford it.  You destroy small business
U.S. farmers need fewer regulations and more incentives to meet sustainability goals. Great first step in taking regs off farmers' backs!
"Let them drink Moet et Chandon."
Toomey, What are you poisoning our children with now to get campaign $'s ?? @SenWarren @mcall @SenKamalaHarris @SenJohnMcCain @SenSanders
Between you and Santorum. You are running a very close second.
Just appalled that you are supporting rolling back clean water act. No words...
Destroying rules to keep our planet healthy is the right direction? Honestly Senator how do you sleep at night? This is the WRONG direction.
A comfy bed and a full bank account so he can afford bottled water for his family #richpeopledontcare
How wonderful for those of us who like clean water too, right?  I'll remember.  19008.
my biggest regret last year was voting for you. I will not make that mistake twice.
so PA rivers will stink like the GOP policies. great.
Harmful?  Yeah who needs clean air, clean water. We do need to steal land from farms to put in leaky pipelines though.
Who needs regulations that protect the environment? #EVIL #DISGRACEFUL
Healthy babies, who needs 'em, AMIRITE?
you make me sick. And @EPAScottPruitt is going to make us all sick.
Senator I am against the senate healthcare bill. Can't get through to your office . Does your staff ever answer the phones?
sure, because Water is one of the essential ingredients of LIFE, but, commerce over health and the environment I guess!
Do you have stock in @BritaUSA and @PURtweets? That's the only way to explain celebrating allowing polluted water.
You are both errand boys for the worst (but richest!) Americans.
60% of all drinking water in the country was just reopened to pollution because you're a heartless corporate robot. Resign, you joke.
@EPAScottPruitt is a corrupt scientifically illiterate corporate lawyer. His only expertise is making corporations richer at our expense
This helps Corporate Ag, not farmers. Take the word farmer out your mouth.
But not e health of citizens, but the good news is that your healthcare bill doesn't take away Medicaid, right?  Or did you lie about that?
I guess nobody but rich captains of industry deserve clean water. UN-American and inhumane.
--You are both despicable.
19063, echoing others' disgust at your flamboyant disregard for public health & our planet. Can you really keep this up for 5 years?
You need to come up with a plan that looks like the Affordable Care Act. NOT TRUMPCARE
You guys are celebrating clean water, unbelievable!
All House & Senate GOP members are bought & paid off by lobbyiest & big donors! Please everyone google up about GOP! Never GOP,
You are one of the dirtiest GOP in Office! WOTUS is repealed is NOT something to brag about! A law in effect since 1972!We want clean water!
So now lifting restrictions on polluting our water is a cause for celebration?
None of the comments here are positive. I don't get how you can have support to be elected when nobody seems to agree with anything you do.
Vote against terrible Toomey!
Jesus Christ Toomey, are you serious?! Your short term profit motive thinking is a serious issue. Clean water is an essential issue. U suck.
You're the worst.
Right, because money is more important than people's health and wellbeing. I know that you think that way simply from your ACA appeal push.
So proud of the protesters arrested outside your office today. Heroes, all of them! Something a coward like you would never understand
How can you live with your greedy self?
Not one positive response here and @SenToomey gives zero *ucks. He's the absolute WORST. #HoldATownHall #Coward
Once again, it's all about the $, screw the environment and your constituents.......
Nice to see that you still HATE your constituents. Keep lining those pockets, Pat. How you were reelected, I'll never know.
#WOTUS provides regulatory clarity, unlike the kind of water you'd prefer we had to drink and use. Start rep'ing us, not the 1%.
I'm so disappointed by your disregard for our clean water.
Yeah, guess your healthcare plan won't kill enough people fast enough so you need to poison our water.
You really can't think for yourself can you. No way you're getting reelected.
The only thing harmful is repealing #WOTUS The right direction would have been to properly instruct people on its implementation
NY Times: The GOP health bill is a cruel HOAX that would help the wealthiest Americans at the expense of the poorest
I really need to meet the people that voted for him but yell at this motherfucker everyday because that is so damn funny to me lol
No, this is not something to  celebrate. We need to take care of our waterways or there will be no need for farms and small businesses
You could be the single worst thing that Pennsylvania has given the country and that includes Sandusky.
Of course! Who needs clean water right Senator? Better that you get rich today. Sorry future generations but Pat needs hair plugs today!
oh, who needs clean water when the polluters line your pockets, eh? I so hate that you represent me, you have no morals. #RealPA
Great job.  Good for everyone who doesn't drink water.
Clean Water who needs it right? Starting voting the way the people of Pa want u to not by party sickening
Hey Senator, order the Full American at your lobbyist breakfast tomorrow. CIGNA are paying for it and you have earned their thanks and $$$$
NOT IN MY BACKYARD.  We have a well!  You are trying to poison me and take away my healthcare.  I will not be forgetting this! 18054
And a step in the wrong direction for people who like clean water. Oh and birds, and other wildlife that depend on clean water-again people
Too bad it's NOT a step in the right direction for 1/3 of the population or for the health of our planet
I am ashamed to have you as my Senator. You do not listen nor represent your constituents. Sad...
202-224-4254 Toomey's number in DC!
Call and complain about how he sold the residence of Pa out! Yes man to trump
You support trump's healthcare bill. How many individuals in Pa will be let without coverage? Do you know? Do you even care?
Yeah! Pennsylvanians HATE clean water!!! None of our forests help the Commonwealth! Trash 'em all!! #MAGA!! 
Shameful. Shameful fool.
No. not glad at all to see you celebrating repeal of clean air and water regs.
As long as none of them drink water. Or bathe.
Why in the world would you be glad about this? Why wouldn't you want to save our rivers and environment for future generations?
This as is everyday with you as Senator is a travesty.
Gee...are you noticing a theme in these replies...why don't we discuss it at a TOWN HALL!!!!! Pay attention...Constituents matter!
You are such a joke. Hiding out until you have strength in numbers. Such a vampire.
Stop trumpcare
Why are you okay w/ destructing the environment. We need new potus, cabinet and new PA senator, disgusting the disregard for environment
need new senator in PA who does what is right for his constituents, does not go along with environmental destruction #TrumpcaresUnAmerican
Because clean water is not important. Right Pat   Can't wait to vote you out
Strong work Senator. Once again letting your constituents down.
Hope you and your family ingest all those previously banned pesticides, might actually HELP your ignorance.
You have 0 grasp of the #WOTUS rule, CWA 404 and 401 permit process, clearly. The multi-year comment period and science review be dammed!
It appears you do not genuinely care about anyone except yourself, serving polluters for your own financial enrichment. Shame on you.
Are you hiding in the bushes with Sean Spicer?
if you like it, it's probably bad.
Meanwhile I can't drink the water in my neighborhood...
Seriously!  We have wells!!!
It's only a matter of time until the level of water contamination in Bradford County comes to light. Your political legacy will be shameful.
Money before people.  You should be ashamed.  There's no feeling like knowing your govt is selling your life and we're paying you to do it.
And with our last breath as we're dying of dirty water, we'll be asking for a town hall. #didntvoteforyoubutyoustillrepresentme
Nothing you do is for the greater good! I smell a Koch Brother!
So tremendously out of touch! Padding the pockets of the wealthy. Hope they can drink their $$$.  #EPA . Shameful ! #LiarLiar
Robert Mercer & Rebekah Mercer the Dark Money Behind @realDonaldTrump and @StephenBannon
You are glad about GOP & Pruitt making our drinking water LESS safe. This is a violation of what the EPA is suppose to uphold. Glad ??
“Citizen’s United” “Americans for Prosperity” oligarchy Koch brothers are undermining our democracy @realDonaldTrump @Koch_Industries
Run off from PA farms us one reason the Chesapeake Bay was so polluted.  Good regulations got it cleaned up.
are you the antichrist in a Toomey suit? How else do you explain being so consistently anti-humanity?

"Please @SenToomey, don't kill me."

Protesters were handcuffed and carried out of senate offices after protesting the GOP #HealthcareBill: 
what a sell out you are! Willing to give us dirty water and poor healthcare!! SAD!!
OMG.
Can you explain how you think any economic benefits of repealing this rule outweigh the harm it will do to everyone's clean water?
Ugh I wish we could impeach you
I remember the days of polluted water. It was sad to see the Republicans roll back years of progress. I worry about future generations.
Possible small financial windfall for a few vs clean water for every living thing?  Misguided, Senator.
How do you feel about Pruitt allowing use of pesticides that are toxic for children, who now risk losing healthcare under AHCA? #VoteNoAHCA
Bad for children.
Why are you having non-violent protestors arrested #PetrifiedPat?

When did the @GOP become so afraid of free speech?

#GOPdeathParty
Guess we found that "Death Panel"
Unreal.
The only thing worse than Trump are his GOP bootlickers and asskissers, and you're both.
You like clean water for Pennsylvanians as much as you like affordable health care for Pennsylvanians.
Yep pollute our waters in the name of money. As long as we have money we don't need a clean environment. we can just buy a new one.
Do you care that your grandchildren most probably will not have clean water to drink?
I think the evil ideologue who hates middle class and poor people has stopped answering his phones. I called every office several time
Yeah, who needs clean water... Just ask the folks in Flint, MI. I'm surw they'll tell you #cleanwater is overrated.
Hey Senator Koch, thanks for nothing mate!!!!
Will you be having a townhall meeting?
You blatantly lied about the healthcare bill on Face the Nation.
If there is one thing your constituents want, it's drinking dirty water to pay off your wealthy donors.
Let's see who else you can screw
what about people who elected you and drink water!
Yea, why should Flint have all the tasty water.
If you can't kill us by taking away our healthcare you may as well kill us with unsafe water. @TuesdaysToomey
You mean the factory farmers that only care about money and don't even do their own work.
Why should Michigan be the only one with poisoned water, thanks to @SenToomey and @EPAScottPruitt every state can join in! #FlintWaterCrisis
...uhg...why don't you just go on recess now...
Way to look out for future generations! Do the short term gains really "Trump" stewardship of the environment? Shameful leadership.
STOP TALKING.
how can EPA protect ppl when the head of the dept., doesn't think people dsrv clean air/land/water! GOP putting $$ over people. #shameful
And I'm sure it does wonders for our environment!
Because clean air, drinking water, and earth that can grow food is totally overrated-you are a disgrace
2 But I have a long memory. And I vote. In PA. #2022
sure what the hell, who needs clean lakes and streams as long as we make money?
1 I've never in my life been so poorly represented by an elected official, sir. You are invisible and represent the wishes of large donors.
Very well said, Nancy.
You are an embarrassment to the state of Pennsylvania
Koch bros proud of their puppet. Money first
And the end of clean air & water
@SenBobCasey Why the hell do we need clean water? IDIOTS! I remember Lackawanna River running yellow from sulphur mine run off. Now fish
My last thought. You and #MAGA are and will be historically on the wrong side of HISTORY. Destroying progress doesn't help anyone.
We should be stewards of the land and that requires gov. Regulations so no one fucks up what we have.
Thanks for sending us down the dystopian rabbit hole. Travel to Haiti and Yemen and see what happens when the water systems fail. Ppl DIE.
@SenToomey you continue to slap us in the face and stab us through the heart with your idiocy. Why don't you listen to experts on the matter
When do you get kicked out of office? Just asking for a few of my friendly PA neighbors who like drinkable water.
Um...destroying the clean water act? That should go over well when everyone gets cholera and dies #Yemen  Shit in water is NOT GOOD.
I know! Clean water is so lame right?
So not only do you want to kill your constituents by depriving health care, you also want to kill future generations with polluted water.
I guess the EPA regs won't matter since you're trying to bump off your constituents by drafting HC law with lifetime/annual caps restored.
Support of anything Pruitt wants/does is analogous to dismantling all environ regs in place to protect us, American citizens from pollution.
What is wrong with you, Toomey? Did no one teach you how to care about others, this Earth? Pruitt is dangerous to and for the US.
You're CELEBRATING the repeal of the Clean Water Rule? What is wrong with you?
After everything's that's happened in Flint, and you're all excited about opening up our DRINKING WATER to contamination???
Senator, doesn't appear you have many fans here.  Sounds like we all OPPOSE you on WOTUS, too. Have you been in water other than puddles.
