Haha you put thousands of children at risk because you voted to take their health insurance!
Maybe it's time to find a new senator that is not dangerous with our health care.
Why don't you just stay in the center of the state. Leave Pittsburgh and Philadelphia alone to actually provide economic growth.
If you are so concerned about children, then why are you for cutting nutritional programs?
All about xenophobia, admit it!
They do not put children at risk. Don't create hysteria. That is irresponsible. They provide humane services to needy immigrants.
What will you do when Trump fires Sessions and then fires Mueller? Our democracy could depend on your answer
Have you ever thought about how weird it is that the party of small government is always trying to tell cities how to run themselves
And woman's bodies
Women can kill babies all day long if it's legal  but why do I have to send my tax dollars to fund that organization!?


It is so easy to find the truth about stuff.
A link for you to read.
Did you ever meet anyone who paid $600 for an abortion instead of paying their rent?
What a joke you are willing to take healthcare away and you white man are worried about sanctuary
Sanctuary cities are not dangerous, I am proud to live in one in PA.  Stop spreading lies.

Just resign already.
Your proposals are what makes cities dangerous.Repubs don't care about evidence, just their factless rhetoric. YOU SEN TOOMEY are a disgrace
Immigrants get the job done. How dare you?
You don't care about children or you wouldn't have written a bill depriving them of health care.
Wrong!  Republicans want small govt but they want to interfere with local govt.
Most immigrants, legal or otherwise are good people
You don't seem too worried about kids' wellbeing when you're willing to leave them uninsured.
Stop with the xenophibic rhetoric. Look objectively at the number of crimes committed by immigrants compared to citizens.
Your bullshit simplistic "solutions" do nothing but feed the growing fire of racism and fear. This is no way to grow a nation.
Sessions is wrong. The data shows that sanctuary cities are not more dangerous. Read the research, Senator.
I'm sorry, but I was born & raised in Philly. Will never return, too dangerous.
And how did you decide they were all immigrants? Supposing you knew those who were so very scary. Violence is directly related to poverty.
I came from poverty and my family members are not criminals. Personal choice.
I wouldn't think your family were criminals. But how can you say the criminals were immigrants?
1. #45 and the #GOP are the only ones putting kids in danger. 3. Sanctuary cities have been shown over and over again to be safe havens...
Safe havens for people who have broken the law. They should be in jail
So you're a reflublican, right? Explain how telling cities what to do is small government?
The children are Americans..so guess what? You take the bread winner away, the welfare lines get longer.
http://fus.in/2uGLWTZ 

This has been proven false. But is THAT why Toomey has never held a town hall in Philadelphia, the largest city in the state he represents?
Don't feel slighted he won't hold a town hall anywhere but on social media where the only questions he answers are from his fan base.
You know what puts children at risk? No healthcare. You should be ashamed of yourself.

Protect children? Yes, please! So I propose you actually do that & protect their healthcare instead of spouting B.S. about sanctuary cities.
It's past time to replace you as a Senator. I think your policy agenda is more dangerous than any immigrant looking to start a new life here
What is wrong with cities being kind to immigrants? Nothing.
Obvious scare tactic, children aren't at risk. Don't go back to the Cheney playbook.
This is patently false. You are supporting a racist from a treasonous administration. You are everything that is wrong in America today.
We're are just fine with our city Pat. Fact, our city  is NOT dangerous because of sanctuary status. LIAR 
Maybe you should be listening to Richard Ross instead of Sessions?
Sessions is gone. Congrats on backing yourselves into a corner. Try working for #WeThePeople
I wouldn't be hitching my wagon to Sessions all too quick there, Pat.
You & Sessions have it backwards- ICE & lack of humane immigration policy create danger by undermining trust between residents and police.
No human being can be 'illegal'. Fed govt is acting irrationally w deportations. #sanctuarycities exist for a reason.
Toomey Offices:  
202 224-4254
814 266-5973
412 803-3501
570 820-4088
215 241-1090
717 782-3951
814 453-3010
610 434-1444
Vote NO on the motion to proceed today!
This is disgusting
Peace will only eventuate from a global multilingual shout - please watch video & please retweet - http://www.1e1h.com 
Typical. Lying and fear-mongering is all anyone expects from you. You're doing everything wrong, Senator.
How about ending the dangerous practice of taking healthcare away from the most vulnerable Pennsylvanians?
If you really care about children please do not cut Medicaid
You are a traitor to your own state and the country. You care more for special interests than the people you work for. You are so done
No, he's not correct. Sanctuary cities are SAFER. That's an empirical fact. Also undocumented ppl commit fewer crimes. Stop fear mongering.
Okay, stop spreading lies.  Our children are put at risk with your disastrous healthcare policy
Agreed. Also time to push back against the fake Russian conspiracy. Also need investigation on Comey, Hillary, Rice, Lynch corruption.
Since when did @realDonaldTrump get you elected? Think about PA for once. You represent PA, not a president who speaks badly to Boy Scouts.
Nope, that's incorrect. Please meet with your constituents
Bull**** about putting children at risk. Immigrants legal or illegal are much less likely to commit crime.
Fix the ACA. Do not repeal. My family and I need the ACA until we can get back on our feet.
What about the kids you're ready to take health insurance away from?
Why do you continue to support this stance?
There has been report after report that sanctuary cities do not increase crimes, but please, carry on spreading lies
Now you suddenly care about kids? What about their healthcare? #VoteNoMTP
Even though there is no proof that sanctuary cities do that??
Sessions is lying and so are you.No stats that say undocumented commit more crime than citizens.Stop it
Sanctuary cities are the only humane representatives of USA,"Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free"
Says the man who wouldn't come out of his office to address his constituents abt his idea of hlcr. I will take urs-u take ur idea of hltcr
And you taking away thier health insurance is helping them.
Here is a gift from the "most radical sanctuary city in America" (your words) 
I live in Philly. Come visit sometime. I know we terrify you.
Shame on you and your lies. Do something positive for once.  #liartoomey
Honey, the biggest risk to Philadelphians right now is you and your fatal #wealthcare plan. PS - cover up, your racism is showing.
Said while ramming down our throats a healthcare bill that will kill 45K PA citizens a year. Shame on you.
Careful Sen, your absurd xenophobic ignorance is showing! Worked w/ kids for 35 yrs teaching the opposite of your rhetoric! Will continue
Stop pandering to irrational fears
Make America Great Again!
Where is your evidence?
How are sanctuary cities dangerous? You and the GOP are way more dangerous.  A corrupt political party made up of corrupt people like you!
You're putting sick children at risk
Let's deal in facts when deciding things.
Shut up! Will do everything I can to make sure you lose re-election! You don't represent me or my beliefs. You're a creep.
We still want you to vote NO on healthcare for PA residents should Mitch bring it up for a vote.
With all due respect Senator, sanctuary cities make children safe through kindness.

Senator Cornyn said it would be a "luxury" to know what they're voting on. Well it's not a luxury to 22 million Americans. https://twitter.com/ChrisMurphyCT/status/889275243256324096 …
Our children don't need quality healthcare either, so let's put an end to that too. #soldouttokoch
Toomey is the worst. We've been played and are hostage to his extreme partisanship.  2022 is a long time to battle this deaf politician.
And who made your opinions judge and jury. You have some very bad thoughts and made many mistakes. You play dirty eventually it catches you
He was already in custody. Why did they let them go? This has to do with poor law enforcement more than Sanctuary Cities.
Sessions is a fool and a Russian collaborator. Aligning yourself with him or trump is equally foolish, good luck next election
ONE example that shows this is a > pblm than your plan to take kids health care away.
How soon can we elect a replacement, who really has any sense of representing us rather than himself. I would add integrity would be nice.
There is no proof that illegal immigrants are dangerous.  These are people who want to stay under the radar.  Your proposal is racist hate.
Our children are at risk from the horrible healthcare plan you proposed
Yes
You voting to give everyone a gun whether they are responsible or not is what is killing our children. @DannyZuker @DavidCornDC @MMFlint
Loss of healthcare is more of a threat to our children. Come on Pat! Let's have a town hall meeting in philly so u can get in touch!
Can't end sanctuary cities. There's a biblical connection to these cities. Pennsylvania is Quaker state,that goes directly against tenet.
Boo, Pat. Xenophobic much?
If you really want to protect our children, keep them away from priests, not immigrants. You're a complete tool, just stop.
I can't even believe you.
It's about time.
@SenToomey the GOP is unilaterally attempting to end the right to healthcare with this zombie #wealthcare bill which WILL kill children
Sooo.... you are turning your back on Philadelphia?
I refuse to live in Nazi Germany! We will continue to provide sanctuary to those who need protection. Learn from history
Translation: Pat Toomey hates brown people
BS Pat
This is false narrative. On healthcare & immigration you repeat false claims. You are not working for people of PA. Time for a town hall..
You are becoming as bad as trump. Nothing but alarmist lies. Act like an adult.
Jeff Sessions is dirty.  And you back that asshole ? Shame on you 
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/21/intel-officials-just-revealed-caught-jeff-sessions-colluding-russian-government-trump/ …
Stay out of our business! You have clearly shown you don't care about Philly and what we believe in. Your opinion means shit here!
Stop saying ridiculous stuff just to pander to DJT!  For same!!!
How would you even know Pat? You've been ignoring your constituents in sanctuary cities your whole time as senator.
He's wrong actually
And you, sir, will be relegated to the dust bin of history. #Trumpcare
Things are really dire in this sanctuary city of Philadelphia. Sooo scary.
You are a bought and paid for tool ... for Trump. You could care less about your constituents. Check his campaign financers...
You put our children in danger, Senator - by seeking to limit their freedoms. What happened to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness?
Or put an end to your tenure in the next election, sycophant!
No, criminalizing an entire population and creating an environment where they are discouraged from cooperating with police is "dangerous."
I think you don't understand the concept of Sanctuary cities.  Even local police like them.  How can two smart men be so wrong. POLITICS.
Senator,the only way out of this healthcare issue is a bipartisan fix. Please explain to us what in the world is wrong with that.
Republicans are gonna need sanctuary cities soon, unless they start choosing country over party!!!
If you can't be bothered to tell the truth then resign. We have no use for liars that can't be bothered to do their jobs.
Poor judgement on listening to AGSessions. Finally had to recuse himself and didn't answer questions at senate hearing
Please stop enabling Trump in abdicating our Country to Putin You know he is not for America. Be  Honorable for once !
What it is about time to end is you as senator. Almost didn't make it this last election but definitely will not in your next election!
Wow How about controlling Assault weapons? Oh Wait Newtown is a sanctuary city?  And Aurora Colo. OHHH andColumbine Co. #WhatAmIMissing?
You just stay in Harrisburg and leave Phila to the Humane work!!
Your constituents are right: Past time to end electing people like you who choose to ignore their sworn duty. #MedicareForAll

Demand @SenToomey votes NO on a motion to proceed to debate about #RepealAndRun. Call him: 844-432-0883 #StayLoud 
This tweet right here is proof alone that you're unfit for office.
Go suck an egg! Sanctuary cities don't put our children in danger, LACK OF HEALTHCARE, GOOD SCHOOLS AND FOOD DOES.
Civil penalties on public officials would be a great start. They must be held accountable for actions. Limit governmental immunity
What? How does this affect our children.... spend my time on getting them healthcare, food and s good education.
AG Sessions is a liar, a perjurer, and a Russian sypathizer. Why do you still support him instead of seeking his removal?
Evil man.
Mortified that you are one of my senators. Awful stuff.
Stop all funding for sanctuary cities & charge officers and judges  who release criminal  of  federal level obstruction of justice
If u really care about our children, how about protecting the water they drink and air they breathe? Oh that's right.. u actually don't care
How about having the decency of holding a town hall & listening to your constituents for once? Ur statement has been proven FALSE Senator.
You're too much! Keep your thoughts about this admin to yourself!
Not true. End dirty politicians trying to rip healthcare from our children
Have a townhall in Philly subs and learn that your constituents want Obamacare, sanctuary cities & funding planned parenthood.
Did you forget about the Allentown case and the 4th Amendment?
did you get those sanctions signed yet - hard to believe our president loves Russia more than USA- but you love must love him like SCAR! SAD
Have you ever met those being provided sanctuary.  Scared women, children, old men and women. Hungry, no place to go. Visit one. I dare you!
This is wrong Toomey. I am looking forward to voting you out.
Examine the crime statistics in say, NYC, and then try saying that again with a straight face,
I insist on one day raising my children in a sanctuary city. If Philly isn't one then, I'm outta here.
That sounds races to me...is he saying ppl of brown skin endanger children.
It's time for u to stand up to the traitor in the Oval Office. Grow a set why don't ya?
WRONG. Now,  about those town hall meetings you are afraid to hold...
AG  Sessions  should be  charged with TREASON
Past time to get rid of senators who put our children's health at risk.

I’m not going to stop sharing these health care stories until the Republican health care bill is officially defeated. 
To hell with sanctuary cities, how about we get rid of the Russian cohorts, like your pal AG Sessions, from our government first.
Your support of the Rep. health bill is what we refer to in medicine as an EVIDENCE BASED threat to kids' safety, unlike sanctuary cities.

RT: @BillCassidy @senrobportman @SenDeanHeller @CoryGardner @ChuckGrassley @SenToomey #RepealAndRun not up for debate. #ProtectOurCare 
Where were your concerns about our children's safety when you were ready to take away their healthcare?
Are they really in more danger, Pat? Really? I'm from Carlisle Senator. Please don't lie in my name.
I stopped reading this tweet at "AG Sessions is right"
Is that why you've never held a town hall in Philly? You're scared of all the "illegals"?
Fear mongering and xenophobia. For instance, who are "our" children? Certainly not the kids with parents being needlessly deported.
I ask again, do you hate facts? Why do you insist on pushing misinformation so irresponsibly? Sanctuary cities are not more dangerous.
You're on a sinking ship here maybe talk with your voters so you don't go down with them.
When was the last time you made a decision based on real data OTHER than the data in your donor rolls?
sick and tired of this fool trying to stir up hate to distract from his thievery and lack of a brain.  #onthetaketoomey
Why are the Republicans in Congress(that includes you) willing to destroy our country? You will go down in history as the Party of Putin!
You're a dork
2022 can't get here soon enough.
Sessions lied, under oath, about meeting w/Russia. The AG of the USA lied under oath, and you want me to believe anything he says?

Failed at healthcare reform, so back to scaring people with foreigners. You are a failed politician with failed policies.

End Sanctuary cities immediatley
Past time we stop pretending immigrants are dangerous and start discussing things that are like guns
Why do you insist on perpetuating this BS and attaching yourself to a sinking ship.
Peddle your fear mongering propoganda all you want but greater majority don't buy it!
Know what puts our children at risk? Kicking millions of them off Medicaid under your disastrous "health care" bill.
Sanctuary Cities are safer because the people LOVE instead of HATE-I'd rather raise kids in a city of LOVE instead of your version of "SAFE"
You make lots of claims without ever reaching out to your constituents like @PhillyMayor who know something on the topic.
That is bull shit and you know it. Are children are at risk from cyber attacks by the Russians, thanks to Trump. Country before party !!!
No, he is wrong on this and asset forfeiture.
AG Sessions committed perjury at confirmation hearing, but you won't do your job because it fits your agenda.  You are now complicit.
No he is not.  Why do you hate Philly.  Have you talked to or mayor, police chief?  Try it, sanctuary cities are safer!
You probably think Erie is a sanctuary city because of its work with refugees. Breeding misunderstanding & fear & racism is inexcusable.
Disagree... just a recipe for hate
You do not want immigrants reporting crimes  to risk deportation? Mostly crimes against women. You are short sighted. You put kids at risk
waste of time and money
AG Sessions is wrong. Past time to end asset forfeiture. http://reason.com/blog/2017/07/20/clarence-thomas-vs-jeff-sessions-on-civi …
No, Sessions is wrong. You are following fear mongering designed to create hatred and division. Read and learn the truth.
Might want to let representative @RepDwightEvans know
Completely agree. It's absolutely time to end sanctuary cities.
