We know what you mean . . . Tax cuts for the wealthy, middle class pays more . . .
His leadership caused you healthcare plan to fail. His leadership will cause your tax overhaul to fail also. He needs to go.
It took you this long to make a statement this bland?
Bland is his middle name. He had to stick his finger in the air and see which way the political winds were blowing first.
haha, remember when he wouldn't say who he supported for president until 7pm on election night? what a leader!
Oh yes, will never forget.
Are tax rates not lower now since WWII? Why not work on something useful? We still have to pay for the Invasion of Iraq.
I will fight you to the end on this regressive tax code you and the Koch brothers cooked up. I won't let you destroy my country.
You mean this guy? But your earlier post said...never mind you are a Republican puppet
Reaganomics didn't work Pat. We all know it, but your financial backers insist on perpetuating the myth. Break from the big money please
You should be loyal to our @potus. I thougnt you were a traitor for not getting behind Trump during campaign. Turns out I was right.
Maybe I will start a campaign of #ditchToomey
Does your staff help you come up with all these names for your attempts to give to the rich what you steal from the rest of us?
When are you going to adhere to your oath to defend the Constitution and remove tRump from office. Until then @GOP is responsible for hate
When you have corporations paying 0 (or less) in taxes, you don't need to make it "more competitive"
Do something about YOUR president
I am crying out to you and other senators.
I appreciate the way you guys continue to screw up & accomplish nothing. May it continue until we take back Congress.
We don't support any senator that doesn't support our president.
@SenateMajLdr needs to go, NOW!
How about making sure that the wealth pay their fair share?
Competitive?  what the heck does that mean to the average American?
He has made a career of doing nothing, pls recognize this.
Better to #nametheseNazis #outthesekkk today. Your fervent support of @realDonaldTrump implicates you. #CharlottesvilleVA
2018 is gonna be so bad for you, minus all the dirty money you'll make as a private citizen
Unfortunately we won't get a chance at replacing Mr. Toomey until 2020.
Actually 2022. . Senate terms are 6 years
I stand corrected. And feel a bit sadder...
And I am nauseous. Stuck with White Nationalist supporter, Toomey, for a what feels like a lifetime. Ug
Ever since Nov 9, all of time has slowed to a crawl. The past 9 months have been the longest of my 51 years on 
And McConnell appreciates that Trump gave his wife a cabinet post to control him
Shame on @SecElaineChao 
#Impeach45
How about healthcare???? Where is our relief??? You guys suck!!!
How much did he promise your campaign? #WillWorkForCampaignCash
You mean now that you failed miserably on health care.
If yo have any hopes of getting anything done, it needs to be a bipartisan effort. McConnel is not the man to get it done
Drain the swamp in 2020 PA if the GOP doesn't back @realDonaldTrump!
Tax giveaways to your billionaire donor/investors....or what you call "tax reform."
Um have seen #charlotesville ? Can you condemn the violence & not cut taxes for the wealthy higher wages for working poor needed more
Leave tax modification to those unowned by corporate overlords. Not u. U sold my Internet Privacy for a mere $200,000.
Oh, quit ignoring facts again. Our tax code is already "competitive". Simplify it if you wish, but quit with the LIES.
Obviously you don't own a sole proprietor small business or you wouldn't be making this absurd comment.
Yep, in a #kleptocracy kind of way.
I hope so !  I also hope something is done about healthcare as well.
Pat, are you totally tone deaf or just too empty headed to find your way out of a paper bag
Quit!
FFS....THAT is what you are tweeting about TODAY?!!! Have some compassion and leadership for once
Put more money back into the middle class to make America's ECONOMY more competitive. We don't need a "tax code" to be competitive.
Ok Pat-Time to denounce the terrorists by name. Can you say white supremacist, Neo-Nazi Or Alt-Right. Time to distance yourself from tRump.
I appreciate when my elected officials take a firm stand against racism & hatred. You've got to go, along w/@realDonaldTrump.
Will the tax code be as effective as your healthcare bill? Screw the poor and middle class, benefit your wealthy donors?
Neither of you can be trusted.BTW..I live & voted in Pa.straight Republican ticket but bypassed your lever. Give that some food for thought
Your leader is lazy
Coward. You've done nothing for our state. Who are you beholden to? Who is pulling the strings Pat?
Your silence on #Charlottesville and presidents weak statement on radical white-nationalist terrorism is telling.  #25thAmendmentNow
Why so silent about the violence in Charlottesville?
I hope you guys will do something.  Very disappointed in @SenMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan motivating my #Republican # legislators to vote #POTUS
What are you prepared to do? Gorka, Miller, Bannon MUST go.
You need to oppose violence and hate in Charlottesville and Minnesota and elsewhere.
More chances to areal money from the poor and middle class and give to the rich.  Shame on you
Steal money
No Tax Bill until @realDonaldTrump releases multiple years of returns!
Thanks for your principled stand on tax cuts for the rich on a day when Nazis are marching in Charlottesville. Have an opinion about that?
Politicians create boogie men,immigrants,muslims,poor, sick. but who   is killing the middle class with each passing law?favoring the top 1%
You talking about McConnell???? Seriously????? Very funny!!!!
Save the poor.
When are you going to show yourself Pat?
Why don't you stand up and be a leader and denounce what's happening in Virginia.  ?
How about fair?  How about closing corporate loopholes?
How about helping the majority of your constituents rather than voting so you dont get the wrath of Trump
And I condemn you for trying to screw over Pennsylvanians.
What "leadership?"  He's less of a schmuck than @realDonaldTrump , but that's about all he has going for him
McConnell has shown 0 leadership Pat Working agst conserv & constitutional values each day Best thing u can do is work w/ potus not Mitch
No comment on the Nazis marching on Charlottesville?
Why don't you show some of your own leadership and condemn Nazi hate in VA?
They're chanting "Blood and Soil" as they approach Lee Park in #Charlottesville 
Can you explain why you aren't willing to work with Senator Casey from Pennsylvania? I would think there's more in common??
VA Governor declared state of emergency over racial riots in Charlottsville.  Sen. Hatch came out w/statement against.  What do YOU think?
Trickle-down economics is a nightmare. Kansas proved it. Economic growth for the 99% is the only way forward.
More competitive? 18 profitable fort.500 companies got rebates instead of paying taxes.
I appreciate Congress people who hold in-person town halls. When's yours? #realpa 19154
Translation: I'm a partisan toadie and I look forward to passing tax cuts to the billionaires funding my campaigns.
Nothing about #Charlottesville ??? You're just as bad as them. Silence = acceptance & your silence says it all. Shameful.
#Charlottesville
With our huge national debt, how can you justify tax cuts for the ultra-wealthy?
We tried "trickle-down" under Reagan.  It didn't...
Y'all planning to write this bill in a closed room with no women, too?
What leadership? I'm ashamed to have you representing me.
Translation: you want more tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations, oppose a livable minimum wage, and allow companies to move abroad.
Competitive isn't the same as fair.
Can't wait to see what you come up with. I'm not rich so I don't expect any breaks from tried and failed trickle down economics.
McConnell needs to come out of his "turtle shell" and grow a backbone! We heard for 8 years "give us control" and Obamacare gone! LIES!
I, too, look forward to watching you fail to pass legislation you've been talking about for years. Leadership means more than obstruction.
Just say it...Trump is wrong.
.
Where do you stand on #Charlottesville? You either denounce the WH admin that emboldens the white nationalists, or you are #complicit
The donor class keeps the strings taught on their puppet. No representative at AFGE event at Knoebels Sun? What is your position on FERS?
Represent PA instead of the Trump money People elected you not $$$ Tax reform for American people not big business is what's needed
Oh, I thought you'd be matching in Charlottesville.
I hope you know that the vast majority of the people will not tolerate any breaks to the wealthy. In fact, they should taxed more. #RiseUp
Elite senators that support a failed senate leader and cant get anything done for the people have chosen political failure over th people
Let's use GOP code: CEOs and the wealthy will increase their earnings, while worker's wages will decrease, creating a greater disparity. Yes
My partner & I trust you to protect our medical coverage.
Trump plays Chicken w/nuclear cataclysm at stake, while you pretend you still head Club For Growth. Take your head out of the sand, Senator
Will @SenateMajLdr keep up with @POTUS to #MAGA as we voted for you guys to support? Be useful to US  or get out of the way of @POTUS
Hey Pat where's your statement on the White Nationalist protest in Va? Do you even know what's happening there???
...for the top 1% of the wealthy.
Anxiously awaiting your comments on what's happening in #Charlottesville. Probably next Wednesday.
Competitive for who??? You're a joke!
What the hell does that mean?
Tax cuts for the rich right.
Prove to me I'm wrong.
You never mention your constituents in tax messages
Stop your lies.  Your only care about what's good for you. I'm part of the "other" Pa voters. Remember us? Make it fair. Not for only rich.
Another reason you are the worst Senator in the history of our great Commonwealth! I'm going to tell 10 more people today!
Nice to hear you appreciate incompetence
What do you have to say about racists marching in Virginia?
you're a joke.
Competitive with what? I'm guessing you mean the Russian model where billionaires rob the country.
Oh just shut up, Pat. Update that resume.
Whoa!  What happened with healthcare? Now you want tax reform without it? Didn't you guys say you were going to repeal it?
How about instead you condemn the white supremacists rally in Virginia?
Did Senator McConnell ask you to avoid holding a town hall, or is that all your own doing? #toomeytownhall
How are you feeling about Charlottesville?
You need to go back to D.C. ASAP and repeal/ replace Obamacare and get we middle class workers a tax break. NO confidence until it's done.
More competitive is code for more tax cuts for the rich. We're not stuped.
Wow.  This is what you talk about?  Is sucking up the only with which you are  capable? What about all of the detestable war mongering?
The country will appreciate his leadership when the Senate actually passes something!
LOL, the VOTERS don't and BTW, WE R WHAT MATTERS! #DrainTheSewer
What leadership? He needs to go
Leading by obstruction is not leadership. It sets a poor example and hurts your constituency
Care to comment on the disgusting display of neo-nazism in Charlotte last  night that your President inspires?
You mean screw the middle class & poor. Hold a town hall.
 you're the worst 
Wipe the brown off your nose.
Who are you kidding? You mean bigger tax breaks for corporations and the wealthy. The majority of us are not stupid.
Enjoy your reign.
PA will vote you out of office.
Whole lotta good tax reform will do you when we're all burnt to a crisp.  Bye-bye 
So we should expect that you'll be working to screw over workers and benefit your rich donors.  Business as usual for you.
If U appreciate his ldrshp maybe it is time for u 2 go as well. He's not leading. Stop being a suckup. Only good tax code is no tax code
@FairTaxOfficial If you are looking to replace the tax code here is your opportunity to take a leap and make it happen.
Stop lying. You don't want to work or you'd hold town halls where all could attend, your phones would be on, & you'd represent us. #Coward
I am not as impressed with @SenMajLdr and see him as a poster boy for #TermLimits.  No more professional politicians.
Toomey, your are an embarrassment for PA. You are the worst kind of sycophant- trudging along party lines despite what is best for people.
You, sir, a a big part of the problem. You are eager to impress the wealthy donars while ignoring the people you are supposed to represent.
Don't worry about all these DNC trolls replying Pat all of us in PA know you are looking out for us!
tax cuts for the very rich. long overdue, sad to see them struggling for so long
Defund planned parenthood to pay for tax cuts!
Medicare for all! No tax cuts for the Rich!
I look forward to you working for your constituents instead of your donors. Let's discuss it at a TOWN HALL, @SenToomey.
That's hilarious.
What if you all get some gonads, invoke the 25th & boot the maniacal, narcissistic, sociopathic lunatic, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, out? @VP
Senator please vote yes on the Raise Act!!!!
The GOP has no leader and you have all let your constituents down.
How do you feel about the impending war with North Korea and Venezuela because trump is deflecting from his treasonous actions
All you do is talk, but you achieve nothing.
Right now all of Congress should be working to contain Donald Trump before he pushes the button.
If you want to make it more competitive, maybe stop giving away billions to the rich and actually help the  people who drive the economy!
I appreciate a leader who denounces hate and racism in America. Sad you're silent on Charlottesville and mosque terrorist attack in MN.
The ineptitude of the @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP has shown #WeThePeople that the GOP cannot deliver even with majorities.
Shows me and your constituents that you have no concept of what leadership is much less than the lack of leadership shown by Mitch McConnell
Tax cuts to the rich paid for by the working class and healthcare repeal? @senateGOP is the unamerican party. #No
Translation:  More tax cuts for your wealthy friends. Crumbs for the poor. @TuesdaysToomey
You should discuss this at the next town hall meeting.
Always good hearing from the swamp.
...”more lucrative for myself and my leash holders at your expense.” FTFY.
Yo Spineless! Where have you been?? What have you done lately?? I thought you died! Way to get out in front to work for Pa residents!!
I'm enjoying the circular firing squad of the GOP! 
There is no place for a fiscally conservative, social liberal in the republican party. I'm feeling more and more out of place
LET'S REDUCE THESE TAXES!!
SENIORS HURTING!!
AND NOT THE  ISSUE,  BUT
WHAT ARE WE GETTING FOR THESE TAXES,,,??? QUALITY!!??
Leadership? You call that leadership? I am gonna re-think my vote
Suggestion: look to Ike for guidance, since he was the last R to actually understand economics and have a winning record.
Would you care to comment on the impending #nuclearwar?
Your party is morally bankrupt. It's more likely the sun won't rise tomorrow than you'll take a principled stand on anything that matters.
When are the Republicans going to start having the rich pay their fair share of taxes? Probably when they stop buying politicians like you.
It better be one heck of a tax break to make up for the ineptitude and ineffectiveness of the last eight months. Making America embarrassed
What about the armed Trumps Army arriving on the streets?
Ok sure Pat. His leadership has produced zip results beyond 1 judge. Fire Mitch now
Then get to work and pass the President's agenda or lose my vote
I voted for you twice. If you and everyone else in Congress don't get your act together, I won't again. Remember PA can easily be blue again

If we continue on this path we won't have to worry about taxes. Not what's keeping me up at night as I look at me children.
We need a living wage, trickle down and club for growth efforts will increase wage gaps.  Not good for PA.  1/
If you could defend your ideas as good for PA, you would talk to constituents and explain and answer real questions. /2
How's that 5week vacation going on taxpayers money! Get back to work & get @POTUS and our agenda done now. Taxes, H'Care, budget, Wall, ect.
Dude, are you even paying attention?
Any comment on the "march" in Charlottesville last night? @gop condones Trump behavior which brings these people out in open. Thoughts?
Failed leadership stick together.  We need leadership from the middle.  Support @SenAlexander and @PattyMurray effort to fix ACA
Could you explain why you do not have an in person town hall scheduled? Your office told me there is not one yet scheduled. #TownHall
We tried to warn everyone in PA in Nov. This guy has to go, he's a lock step GOP. Always was, doesn't care abt the good of PA
How about some town halls?
