Still hiding Pat . . . If you are on yet another recess, why not hold a townhall meeting. . .You know, to learn what PA voters really think.
We need Nellie to investigate you and the senat Republicans for trying to pass this disgraceful health care bill PA didn't send u to DC 4 th
Follow her lead and go to the Senate floor to impeach Trump and his entire Russian Mob administration.Do the patriotic thing.
Will Trump appoint Ted Nugent as the next Director of the FBI?
Why did you even post this?  You're a fan of investigative journalism like you're a fan of town halls. #hypocrisy
So I guess you would not support Tom Price having a reporter arrested for asking questions?
wtf are you talking about.  Go kiss trumps ass some more as your donors instruct. #onthetaketoomey
Do you honestly think you have ever done a single thing in your life to make anyone else's life better?
Don't be unfair. He's done a lot for the Koch brothers, the DeVos family, health ins execs, Wall Street execs...
Oh, senator. Your party is demonizing the press and making being a woman a pre-existing condition. Hold a town hall so we can discuss.
Women at the lowest point since we dropped our aprons and entered the work force. Never an equal partner. You are an embarrassment
Today, Nellie Bly would be investigating why 13 men and ZERO women are drafting the Senate's version of trumpcare. SAD! #ShePersisted
@SenToomey Wonder how Nellie Bly would feel about mental disorders making it ok to deny healthcare coverage or price-gouge those suffering?
Amazing u highlight Elizabeth Cochran/Nellie Bly....u'd likely label her stories "fake news" if she was alive today. U don't know #PaFacts
As depicted in TheNewColossus by Marshall Goldberg. @g42marshall Where would we be without investigative journalists?
That is so funny since the leader of your party calls the press the enemy!
When will you have an in person town hall mtg in Lehigh valley. Your constituents will remember this come election time!
And you tacitly support the jerk screaming about fake news.....  step up and be a man!!!!!!!!
can you PLEASE pick up your phones? You are on the healthcare comm and we have real issues we need you to understand as you work on HC bill
© Provided by The Hill  "EPA buries online youth guide to climate change"...and u HELPED THIS EPA GANGSTER DO THIS.!! SHAME ON YR MOMMY!  
And you and your ilk would have demonized her, too.
Luckily for 45, she's not around today.
Appreciate you seem to support investigative journalism, but is this fun fact tweet really the best use of your (or your staffers') time?
We need you to trash the GOP health care bill!
We demand an independent investigation now. Stop wasting our time. Protect our democracy now.
We need to have an investigation...pocket any campaign contribution $$$?? Rise up Pennsylvanians!!
#PAFacts - Nellie Bly would have hated you & worked to bring you down. The End.
Your truism is so missed on this fool. He thinks they would have been besties.
Yes, he is a fool but he knows deep down that he is bought & paid for, money for votes. He just doesn't give a crap.
Show me the munnnney!
Koch brothers own this sap
She advocated for mental health care. Are you going to do this?
Unlike her, your words mean nothing since your actions have only been for the people that give you and for the fat 
Why don't we have a townhall & chat about all the things going on lately? I feel like we need to catch up. #DoYourJob #Coward #VoteNoOnAHCA
Yes and she would sure as hell investigate Trump better than you and the other tribe members are doing.
@TuesdaysToomey  Pat, saw you and 12 men in the Senate are going to write a healthcare bill.  Are you going to meet with your constituents?
What are your guiding principles?  Big tax cut more important than protecting those in need?  Profits for donors or coverage for citizens?
When will you hold a town hall for your constituents? Pick up the phone in ANY of your offices? Fax machine broke down? #PAfacts #realPA
Pat Toomey  is for the Rich and Powerful and hides when anyone tries to reach him: Coward hides behind all those who line his pockets
When are you going to do something about Trump's ties to Russia?
@SenBobCasey @HouseGOP Mr. Toomey, At 58 I'm head to toe painful preexisting conditions, PA needs you to stand up...help us.
and if she were here today, she would be investigating YOU for not representing your constituents and ignoring your responsibilities!
I sure wish she was alive, maybe we would celebrate her undercover story "where in the  world is Pat Toomey".
These days, she'd be on camera, talking to #realPA and discussing your fear of your constituents and town hall meetings.
Just stop, what does this have to do with your job!? We're drowning, DO SOMETHING!!!
you're not my senator, lol. My senator is Casey, I don't know who you work for.
Really? Doesn't promoting a female journalist go against the Trump/GOP agenda? Nasty woman & Fake News is the proper Trump lingo
Glad you respect investigative journalism. Perhaps you could recommend it to the president.
Vote NO to AHCA! Represent your constituents. Protect our healthcare. Protect preexisting conditions. Keep Obamacare! #NoAHCA #VoteNoAHCA
Keep the ACA until you find something better,do not vote for Trumpcare,you will own this cruel bill it will result in many, many deaths
When are you going to put a stop to trump leaving DC every weekend and wasting taxpayers money?
Senator refuses to hold town hall meetings & meet with constituents due to #kickbacks & #Cowardpox issues. #PaFacts
Doing it right yet?
PA senator, @SenBobCasey , looks out for constituents, holds townhalls, & votes no on bills that hurt us. @SenToomey doesn't. #PaFacts
#OTDIH I became a US citizen and will be voting against you if you support this awful health care bill! #PaFact When the town hall?
Bro, you're not picking up your office phone. Everything cool? When's your next town hall?
In-person town hall. 
In-person town hall. 
In-person town hall. 
In-person town hall. 
In-person town hall. 
In-person town hall.
Say no to healthcare bill. Thank you.
Too bad she was a woman and you and your fellow Republicans think that her gender is a pre-existing condition.
Maybe she would have exposed trumps Russian treason by now.  Tired of waiting!

13 Senators in health working group so far:
Alexander 
Lee 
Cotton…
More you know!  @SenToomey will be on the senate GOP healthcare, no women , not ok !
The same journalism that is now being called fake news? If you were respectful of journalism you'd denounce Trump's attack on journalism
How much does it cost to buy your loyalty? It must be more than the salary you're being paid by the American People.
Your constituents have a better chance of speaking to Nellie Bly than you! Pick up the phone #chicken 
I'd like to subject you to some thorough investigative journalism
You are FAILING constituents. Listening to us will be a start. Until then stop invoking progressives to promote your disgusting agenda 15126
We demand a town hall!
Are u kidding? #sidestepsenator
NB was amazing.  Yet, judging by your votes, you actually would not have respected her because she has a uterus so... Nice try, sir. :-(
But corrupt @GOP doesn't believe in investigative journalism or else trump would already be impeached. You are his lapdog.
Well thanks for that, now how do we fix healthcare? #gettowork #tellTrumptostayhome
How could YOU mention someone who exposed social injustices and was a female pioneer. You support big business and squash women's rights.
Senator, #RealPA is concerned about the future.
I wish she was alive now to investigate you and #BLOTUS
You're a coward and I'm ashamed that you represent our commonwealth.  We wish you'd resign.  #REALPAFACTS
Which your party is working so hard to block citing FAKE NEWS about everything they don't happe to like/block Russia probe. Hypocritical
She investigated "insane asylums" and helped expose injustice. Now mental illness will be considered a pre-existing condition!  VOTE NO AHCA
@SenBobCasey is tweeting #PAfacts on how AHCA affects us. Maybe take some notes?
.@SenToomey no fun facts about a woman you would have tried to disenfranchise were she alive today. Don't vote for this healthcare bill.
#PAfacts if u vote yes on AHCA u won't get reelected next time.
BY the way...did Trump send you along a bottle of beer from yesterday's party?
The #TrumpLackOfCare bill fails to provide women with appropriate healthcare. It fails to adequately fund preexisting conditions. Vote NO.
I'll bet she would have tracked you down when you were hiding from the first healthcare vote. Please vote NO for the current bad bill.
You are a sell out #pafacts
SHUT UP!!!! NO ONE LISTENS TO WHAT COMES OUT OG YOUR HYPOCRITICAL MOUTH!!!!!!!!!
Agreed!
bought and paid for by DeVos family! Toomey goes at next election cycle! Along w/Murphy!
Like most of his kind he still lives in 1864. Ahhh the good old days
WHAT IS YOUR STAND on HEALTHCARE!!!!? do your job. Whats it take to recall a senator????
Senator, no disrespect to Nellie Bly, but this is a foolish text given your constituents concern for literal lives and well-being. Foolish.
I implore you to vote against the AHCA. It is a disgrace. As a Pennsylvanian with a pre-existing condition, you cannot do this to us!
Elizabeth Cochran would nail you to the wall
We could use her talents now to find you for the town halls we so desperately need and want. Oh well... it's obvious you have no cojones.
Don't want to hear from you until you hold a townhall in Erie, PA. You're a coward and a profiteering hypocrite. #trumpcare #trumprussia.
Is that why you support a POTUS that calls legitimate news fake and upholds charlatans as real news?  Your hypocrisy has no bounds.
2016 Pat Toomey lies his way into the Senate.
2016 @SenToomey character assassinates his opponent for being a millionaire while being richer than her. #bikemessengerad
2016: Pat Toomey lies to seniors while using his elderly Mother as a prop.
2017 @SenToomey votes to let ISPs sell constituent's data without their permission @MattMcCollum68
Too bad any reporters today who fake insanity for an investigative report will lose health care. #preexistingfakenews
#OTDIH @SenToomey refuses to accept the only system that provides healthcare to everyone, at a lower cost. #PaFacts #MedicareForAll
She might have helped locate your brain #toomeyemptyhead
Cool story Bro. How are you going to protect the American People from the regime in the administrative branch? What about health care?
Her brave investigations helped mental health reform. Will you vote no on the AHCA so it's not set back?
Hell no he won't.
Today in 2017, PA's own senator Pat Toomey, worked for millionaires instead of the marginalized majority #PAFacts
Ugh @SenToomey You are a corrupt and boring version of @norm
Perhaps we could raise her corpse to find out exactly where you've been for the last 4 months. #NoConfidence
Which now you reject
.Once upon a time, PA had a spineless senator named Pat Toomey. #PaFacts

Did I do that right?
"Once upon a time" makes it sound like Disney when @SenToomey is a money grabbing horror show. He of course will vote  "yes" on Trumpcare.
Too bad she's not alive, we could put her on your trail to see where you've been.
And you will acknowledge that Andrew Jackson had been dead for 18 years at this point, right? .@realDonaldTrump #NotFakeNews
Dude, come on, today is not the day for Rando PA Facts, how about good PA Healthcare or Medicare for all, or a town hall
So, while you're celebrating women, let's also chat on how so many AHCA provisions make women a pre-existing condition. Will you vote yes?
Of course he will, sadly for us he's a lost cause, rubber stamp of the filthy Republican Party, they'll pay someday!!
In honor of Nellie Bly, why not take some calls from reporters today?
