Page 1 of Alexander Mayer's diary written after the lib. of #Auschwitz on blank forms he found in the camp http://ow.ly/QYZr308fHGX 
#HMD2017 
Can you spell "hypocrite?"  I bet you can!  No Muslim Ban. No Wall.  In your heart, you know he's a moron.  Character, much?
how can you say "Never Forget" on 1/27 and then support the Muslim ban a few days later? #hypocrisy
name added large on wall of traitors to America.
Please read about Betsy Devos & look into your  to see if she's right for education #noDevos You could do so much good
Do you not recognize the ugly irony? We haven't forgotten. That's why we fight tooth and nail against this administration.
#NeverForget !?!?  Support the ban and   I will never forget.  I'll make it my mission to see u unemployed.
you're president forgot.   Don't be a hypocrite
imagine! Trump regime gearing up to do the same! Playbook from Adolf...attack the media! Ban protestors!
did you?
Thanks for remembering Jews. Now did forget children with disabilities. Vote no on DeVos!!!
Betsy won't protect my special ed kid; she didn't even know that was part of the job. Trump didn't even care what job she wanted.
perhaps you should have shared that with @realDonaldTrump @POTUSPressPool he missed the boat on this
It will be forgotten if you don't VOTE NO on #devos ! Please do the right thing!
HYPOCRITE!
#holocaustremembrance means reject white supremacy in Gov. #NeverForget means don't let racist anti-Semite #Bannon sit on NSC.
Your President marked the day by omitting any reference to murdered Jews. #hypocrisy #shameless
@yadvashem Never forget Senator Toomey.
Vote no on Devos, be the independent republican you said you were instead of a handout taking republican that this country hates.
Buy Pat Toomey's Vote
Please learn from our history. Stand up to @realDonaldTrump. Don't let him repeat the atrocities of the past. #chooseyourlegacy
it seems you HAVE in fact forgotten. It started out the exact same way. You must've taken history classes for law school, right?
#hypocrisy #muslimban #areyoukidding
why were Jews and Roma  as targets of Nazi extermination not mentioned?
great. Be a leader today, not a follower.
But Trump's statement doesn't mention Jews. Do you agree with that?
Please continue to do what's right and note vote for Devos as Sec. of Edcuation!
and yet you support the EO to ban Muslim immigrants. Seems like you've already forgotten.
thank you for sharing this... it was tragic this wasn't addressed properly by 45.
You forgot already you Trump but it.
you have forgotten shame on you
Your idol the Putin Puppet forgot who the victims of the Holocaust were.
@yadvashem We will be reading this same article in 30 years, but written by a Muslim, sir. You are on the wrong side of history.
@yadvashem Except you BF @realDonaldTrump @POTUS forgot the Jews! And now the Syrians and others without his hotels! Sad.
Do you know?   Holocaust began with revoked citizenship, forced deportation, refusal of admittance to USA & other countries. THINK
You are on the wrong side of history right now. Your silence is the same silence as those who didn't protect Holocaust victims.
Pretty sure you're #Forgetting right now by supporting a ban that Giuliani said was intended to be #MuslimBan
Heed yr own words. #neveragain except for right now … Anne Frank was turned away by the US as a refugee & killed. Defend Constitution!
never forget (to mention the people who suffered the most in the holocaust)
.@SenToomey You seem to have forgotten pretty quick.  #ImmigrantBan
On the same day as Trump's Executive Order on immigration and not a peep on that until Monday. Shame on you.
@yadvashem so you're ok with your White House skipping over the whole Jewish thing? #denial
So does this mean you don't agree with your party's White House omitting any mention of Jewish suffering in its #HMD statement?
6 million Jews were exterminated! You are nowhere when your constituents want to hear from you! The Resistance is growing 
Hypocrite says what? #MuslimBan
Your hypocrisy w/ this statement and support of the ban knows no bounds; u embarrass our state.
never forget what? Your endorsement of the immigration ban means YOU ALREADY FORGOT.
Quit re-enacting the early days. "never forget" doesn't mean "do it again" you buffoon.
You cannot seriously support holocaust remembrance day while supporting the ban on Muslims. Trump's ban is a moral outrage.
Yes #NeverForget the dangers of judging people based on religion. Unless they're Muslim, then it's ok. Right @SenToomey? #hypocrite
does this mean you oppose Steve Bannon having any part in the adminstration? Do you oppose his white nationalism? Anti-Semitism?
if you cared you would out cry this ban of trump....yu a traitor, to all you say. But we stuck with you now. stupid voters.
seems like you already forgot.
How can you even post anything on the holocaust when you are so supportive of the new fascist Hitler wanna be? JUST RESIGN.
we're heading there ourselves. please put country before party. stop BANNON - a white supremacist.
You support President Trump's immigration ban. #neverforget? Then put your money where your mouth is.
if we are supposed to "never forget", let's not repeat history. #noban #nowall
you are the very obviously the wrong person for the job and this time. Resign
don't erase the Jews. Elie Wiesel: "It is true that not all the victims were Jews, but all the Jews were victims."
@yadvashem - Thank you for celebrating this occasion - please follow it up with a condemnation of the Travel Ban Executive Order.
as both of your VMs are full, I am contacting you here to ask that you #VoteNo on DeVos. Our children and future depend on it.
it seems like you already forgot based on your support of the EO re: refugees & travel.
.@SenToomey You forgot literally within the span of three days.
Don't try and act like you care about the Holocaust. I assume you know who Elie Wiesel is. Read his Nobel Prize speech.
And yet you are ok targeting Muslims and banning refugees from torturous places?  Actions speak louder than tweets.
I suggest you never forget who your constituents are. No to devoss. #notonethindime
@yadvashem jobs first not a wall, PA NEEDS JOBS & vocational training for good jobs
@yadvashem we need jobs first not a wall PA
- DeVos is not qualified
Your phone lines are jammed and your constituents are waiting to hear where you stand. #NoBanNoWall #NotoDeVos
@yadvashem PLEASE back POTUS on travel ban support don't cave these idiots &Let anybdy in It was Obamas legis. &they said NOTHING
Do you respect the rule of law and separation of powers? Bannon needs to be banned from Security Council.
I hope you remember to #neverforget when issuing your overdue response to Trump's EO.  Don't be a rubber stamp.
Ironic to post this during this unconstitutional and immoral travel ban.
your silence regarding the events of this past week show that you do not know what #NeverForget means. #actionsspeaklouder
Sir, why did Truump admin. deliberately exclude Jews? Soft Holocaust denial. We are better than this.
So this means you'll fight Nazism, right? Like white supremacist Steve Bannon, and his startling appmt to the Nat. Sec. Council?
It appears Sen. Toomey DID forget the lessons of the Holocaust. America must always be a refuge. Oppose the Trump Muslim ban.
answer your phone Senator Toomey!  Stop avoiding your constituents.  Where do you stand? Stand up to injustice #NoBanNoWall
Have you seriously had nothing to say since this?
HYPOCRITE You havnt denouncd the immigration ban. US let jewsh refugees die before, YOU'RE endangering refugees again#NoBanNoWall
, your constituents are trying to get in touch with you to address your flagrant lack of duty to address issues.
with them remembrance in mind..BANNON on the NSC????  REPUBLICANS MUST STAND AGAINST THIS. Hugh Scott, Jacob Javitz, et all would not allow!
@yadvashem You seem to have forgotten... Do something! You are on the wrong side of history, sir... #empty post
Hey, @SenToomey all your phone lines are either down or "busy"
What's your stance of Sessions?  You know he's a racist, right?
Your vms are full. I'm a constituant. The refugee ban flies in the face of #holocaustremembrance. Why are you silent? Speak up!
Hopefully this means you oppose the presidents executive order banning refugees. #NeverForget
you support the rejection of refugees on the day you cite the Holocaust?
Profoundly disappointed in lack of response by Senator Toomey to immigration issue #leadersarenotsilent
remember the US shamefully turned away Jewish refugees.  Speak out against @POTUS immigration ban!
Glad to see you are remembering, but your party seems to think they don’t have to mention the millions of Jewish people who died.
How bout that executive order? We know you were super busy hanging in CA with your donor pals, but surely you'll oppose it now.
Your silence is heard and your lack of action reveals the hollowness of your leadership claims.
the hypocrisy of posting & leaving this statement on the day your boy pushed a religon-based ban on ppl is, like u, afucking joke
hm, u have the pandering down here on this tweet, why not add how your party is helping to dismantle american values...
@yadvashem you are a coward! I will work tirelessly to get you out of office for your willingness to normalize a madman!
Publicly speak out against Presidential anti immigration order: it is contrary to all American values. Be brave.
as a granddaughter of a holocaust survivor I see how important it is to support refugees #NoBanNoWall
still hiding from your constituents?
Please #neverforget and do something to stand up for our American values and duty to the Geneva Convention- refugees are welcome.
Please #neverforget that Anne Frank was a refugee who was turned away from the US. She died in a concentration camp.
#neverforget that most (~60%) Americans during WWII were opposed to welcoming Jewish refugees. What side of history are you on?
Please #neverforget that the United States had a policy of turning away refugees during WWII.
it's cool...the Koch brothers have denounced Trump's ban, so now you can, too! We're waiting. We're watching. We'll #NeverForget
One way to never forget is to remember the needs of refugees. - A PA resident
what do you think about Steve Bannon's elevation to the NSC? How will you check Trump's power?
ironic that you're not standing up against Trump's Muslim ban! Defend democracy now!  Speak out against Bannon's NSC appointment!
Anne Frank was denied entry to US as a refugee. I will believe you when you speak out against #MuslimBan
Because your silence so far has been deafening.
No to Sessions. Are you not afraid of America's current path? What? You will be okay, so you don't worry?
Trump is a Nazi, please do the right thing for America and stand up to him against his racist agenda.
you doom America to a similar fate with support of this EO. What is your stance?
@yadvashem  I think you forgot. Enjoy your Koch vacation. #resist.
You make a mockery of this if you don't speak out against Trump's Muslim ban.
I hope this means you are against Trump trying to repeat America's mistake of turning away Jews in the 1930s.
yep never forget why Trump signs exec order banning a specific gorup of people. #impeach #UnfitToLead
I want you to know I've noticed your silence on Trump's Muslim ban. #PAResident #MotherofExiles
Wow, it must have taken you hours to craft such a moving and poignant message. Those two hashtags are Pulitzer-worthy.
If you truly wish to honor the victims of the Holocaust, please do so through your actions and oppose the shameful #muslimban.
.@SenToomey Never forget means we do not let this happen again.  Speak out against the Muslim Ban -- your constituents do not support it.
I was also in Palm Springs this weekend and the cell service and wifi was great, why didn't you SPEAK UP!
still waiting for you to show some leadership on the circus in our WH. Any comments on ban, wall, lies, Bannon?Bueller?Bueller?
.@sentoomey So how do you stand on Muslim ban, Senator? Awfully quiet over there. My Rep Congressman has even commented. YOU? Silence.
@mayfairemoon you'll get old waiting for @SenToomey. He takes his cues from a couple nut jobs living in shacks in the Alleghenys
Awful quiet this weekend. In hiding again? I don't see you assisting people at the airports. Disgusting.
don't let it happen again! #NoBanNoWall
how have you not spoken out against the proposed Muslim ban?! Remember, it was true then and is true now silence is acceptance
You seem to have forgotten  #NoBanNoWall
As the granddaughter of immigrants I am very disappointed that you have not yet spoken against this travesty by trump. Speak up!
"Send them back to Germany, they're not Christians."  @realDonaldTrump .  And deport the Statue of Liberty while we're at it.
never forget that the holocaust was directed at the elimination of the Jews.  President Trumps omission of this fact is troubling
Did you forget to watch the news this weekend? Prepared to comment yet on the #muslimban? PA residents are awaiting your stance
Remember when the U.S. turned away Jewish refugees during the Holocaust? What are you doing to oppose Trump's Muslim ban?
In the spirit of remembrance, please consider today's refugees and state your opposition to the recent immigration ban.
Did you have fun with the Kochs?
#holocaustremembrance #NeverForget oh? then stand up against Trump, you tool
I haven't seen you standing up for all those illegally detained people at airports around the country. I say IMPEACH TOOMEY!
How do you feel about Holocaust Remembrance Day now that we are keeping war refugees out of our country? pretty good? #noban
, how can you post this, given that you support cracking down on sanctuary cities? Denmark acted in the same capacity in WWII.
- Thnx for noting Holocaust Remembrance day - Now please use those same sentiments to denounce this shameful Immigration policy!
.@SenToomey until you speak out on #MuslimBan this tweet is only a hypocritical platitude. We are counting on you to do the right thing.
We know you're busy with your Koch pals but your silence on the #MuslimBan is deafening. When we said #NeverAgain  meant it.
That's it'?? That's all you have to say on the day of the #muslimban? Wake up. From a PA native. DO MORE. Uphold #AMERICANvalues
Yes please do remember the holocaust and lift the ban. #ResistTrump #lifttheban #notmypotus #savetheACA #savemedicare
@yadvashem HOW IRONIC
Great to hear that you'll #NeverForget - now when are you going to speak out against the #MuslimBan?
Clearly you have forgotten though. When will you grow a backbone and denounce the #MuslimBan?
@yadvashem Protect us-women, babies, scientists reporters disabled & immigrants from POTUS Nazi targets=victims of POTUS orders
now is not a time to remain silent.  History will judge you.  #NoBanNoWall
Your silence will be remembered in the history books. Smh! #MuslimBan
Hey, @SenToomey, just wandering if you’ve already forgotten? Only you’ve been notably quiet the last couple of days…
#holocaustremembrance #NeverForget https://twitter.com/yadvashem/status/824953962386317312 …
Based on your silence in the past 48 hours, it sure sounds like you've already forgotten.
@yadvashem ...And religious persecution ended, I guess? Until this weekend?
did you speak out when there was no mention of the Jews in the Holocaust remembrance statement?
Country over party. I hope you will do the right thing but have doubts. You are not righteous among the nations.
You and @SpeakerRyan forgot already. Ashamed you represent me. #shame #NoBanNoWall
On that note...your thoughts on our Constitutional crisis, led by a man who wants to become the 2nd Hitler?
Knock knock, @SenToomey.  We'd all like to hear from you on #Muslimban. Your silence is deafening. #hypocrisy
Where do you stand on the executive order banning immigrants from entering the US? Speak up and speak out! #RefugeesWelcome
seems to be too busy w/ retreat for elected officials bought by the #Koch bros. to listen to his constituents
Can you really say "Never forget" and then stay complicit with this administration?
when will you join @SenBobCasey on the right side of history? Your compliance thus far w Trump regime is abhorrent. #NoBanNoWall
it's interesting that you posted this but seem to remain quiet on the Muslim ban.  Never forget or selectively forget?
all of your voicemails are full and you are with the Koch Bros this weekend. Get your head out of your a$$. You work for us!
I'm not sure how you reconcile this with your silence on Trump's #MuslimBan. Please speak up. PA voters are paying attention.
as your constituent, and given this tweet, I expect you to represent my community and speak out against the #MuslimBan
Your silence speaks volumes. #resist #countrybeforeparty this won't be forgotten.
Looks like you already forgot.  Your silence is deafening
if this is true please oppose Muslim ban. History repeats itself. Do not be the problem!
No response to the Muslim Ban means that you support it - it's no different than Jews turned away in 1939. This is your legacy.
How can you say this on the same day you're silent about Trump's Muslim ban? #hypocrite
Hoping to see your name added to this list.
UPDATED: 15 GOPers are now against Trump's #MuslimBan 
@yadvashem Yea, the POTUS kind of forgot about it.  How are you with the ban?
@Stl_Manifest don't repeat history. Grow a backbone!
Your silence on the Muslim Ban is deeply disappointing. Do your job! Denounce hate and stand up for us, your constituents.
I will #NeverForget the Syrian families detained at PHL and sent back to Qatar. Please stand up for refugees and denounce the EO.
if @SenToomey supports trump he shouldn't tweet about Holocaust remembrance, it's a bit hypocritical @billmaher
Not even close. Stop insulting the Jewish people.
You said never forget. 

Have you forgotten?

#PGH is united against the #MuslimBan. 

Where are you?
