Hey Hillbot TROLLS the DNC just called Perez said your all fired as per Russia  

8 more years 
Toomey is senator
You are correct a Senator that just won the election. 

Watch as we remove  Casey in 2018!

Its going to be wonderful 
Senators serve for six years
wow, look at all the paid trolls hammering your twitter. 2018 the people will deliver super majority  PA is RED
Not paid trolls. Real people who are ticked that he has decided to side with pres on every issue. Not represting state
Breaking news...

Trump won PA
Gorsuch thankfully won't get the confirmation votes he needs, so GOP will go "nuclear" just to confirm, even if no filibuster.
if they do the "nuclear option" it may come back to bite them in the ass years from now
1 could hope, but Dems would need to reclaim Senate majority
Well that will surely happen after this Republican President, Congress & Senate get done with screwing us Americans
But @SenToomey doesn't follow the constitution & do his job impartially. See: #Garland nomination. You're a #hypocrite. See you in #2022 
Garland didn't go to a vote. It was the Joe Biden rule applied when the shoe was on the other foot.
Oh okay I get it now, you're just butt hurt about the other thread and spent all night twitter stalking me instead of thinking critically 
How could I get butt hurt when I am correct. Toomey is my Senator so I read the tweet, and again needed to educate you. U like education no?
The man values corporations more than people. 
PEOPLE vote.
@SenToomey 16803 here - NO CONFIRMATION until the Russia investigation is done.  Otherwise you are just a huge HYPOCRITE.  Do what's right!!
Don't do this!
Garland's nomination on March 16, 2016......Lots of time for you to do your job.  Shame on you.  Reveal dark money donors! Hypocrite.
No. No. No. No. Please No!
How often do you "Rise to speak" in the Senate? This is the 1st I heard you "rise to speak". There must be strong inducement for you to now
Hey! Did you meet with your constituents yet? What do they think? I mean, since you are representing THEM...
He did and they are called the KOCH brothers. Sold out a long time ago. #trumpRussia #Complicit
Precisely why I need Judge Gorsuch! Because my Trial Court did NOT apply the LAW & I was 'hidden' in Pa DOC a decade and a half until 2015..
Merrick Garland would be a much better choice but you stole the seat. We need to wait to investigate #Trumprussia b4 a new SCOTUS
how about we confirm him when the President is no longer under FBI investigation for treason?
Toomey is looking for something more relevant to him personally. #MoneyFirst Soul is Sold
This guy is NOT qualified. 90% of your constituents oppose. You are the only one who favors this bc time after time you favor corporations
Pretty sure you would support Satan if he had been nominated by the orange buffoon
No lifetime appointment should be made while the administration is under FBI counterintelligence investigation. #SenatorCandyDish
If this was reverse... oh wait it was. Uphold the Constitution!
I don't expect his vote to change but I do expect the tiniest smidgen of country before party - at the very least, DELAY THE VOTE.
Yeah. Let's just wait until we find out if the man who nominated Gorsuch has colluded with Russia, shall we?
.@SenToomey PA: should we be confirming a judge nominated by a president under FBI investigation?
That's clear.
Why are you ignoring your constraints, sir?
Garland was first. #GarlandNotGorsuch from a #realPA voter. And hold a town hall w your constituents. You work for us.
he works for me and my family too and WE WANT GORSUCH
Gorsuch rules every time for corporations rather than people.
That's wrong.
the SCOTUS unanimously  overturned one of Gorsuchs rulings regarding a disabled child.  They speak for  we the citizens of US!!!
Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland!!
I totally agree, talking about politics you guys did it last year, we the people want Garland!!!
Do you get money for that vote?  Or do you do it for free?  I am learning just how crooked you & Washington are! I am amazed.
I am learning too! Had no idea what a mess things are. Following closely now: votes on bills; real news subscription; etc. never did before.
#NoGorsuch
No to Gorsuch. He is funded by Multi-Multi-Billionaires and favors ruling for corporations, not regular people. Anschutz much??
Who wrote the speech for you and who paid you to read it.  #onthetaketoomey
"Who wrote the speech" is a VERY good question. Had not thought of that, but should have. Excellent question.
Your speech is 370+ days late and in favor of the wrong judge. Garland at the very least deserved a hearing.
#SCOTUS
Impartiality applies to more than just judges. It applies to Senators. Garland should be in, not Gorsuch. Hypocritical to say otherwise.
then why didn't @MerrickGarland_ get a hearing?  He was a far better, more impartial choice. Come to Philly!  We can talk!
IF HE IS AS IMPARTIAL AS YOU AND KELLY, VOTING ALL GOP..WE ARE DOOMED!!
No SCOTUS appt. should be made while Dear Leader is under FBI investigation!  This constituent has had enough of your poor representation!
Senator I am asking you to wait until the fbi investigation has been concluded. But you don't listen to your constituents #devos
Merrick Garland is a superbly well-qualified, mainstream judge who deserves an up-or-down vote on his nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Your promise to not be a rubber stamp for this president is a joke. No lifetime appts while under FBI investigation! #TrumpRussia
Would you feel the same way if it were a Democratic president's SC pick? We don't think so! #WeObject #TrumpTreason
#WeObject to a president under investigation by the FBI nominating a #SupremeCourt judge. #TrumpRussia #PeopleBeforePolitics
But what about when society and its institutions are partial? Judges should apply the law to achieve equity for all. #StopGorsuch #WeObject
Garland
Busy was the speech in German or Russian ..
do they?
Why do we want to hear what u say about something that Americans r against. U hide from your constituents. U r a king with no regard for us
does represent the majority of voters
I think the next president should pick SCOTUS. Let the people decide. I'll meet you at one justice.
Garland would have aldo been impartial. #StolenSeat How much did your donors pay for our privacy on the internet? #sellout
To bad he can't write a decision that even Thomas can support http://www.salon.com/2017/03/22/supreme-court-unanimously-overruled-neil-gorsuchs-strict-interpretation-of-a-law-while-he-testified-at-his-scotus-confirmation-hearing/ … 
so will you be fundraising for the DJT Library? Will it be at Allenwood?
Dear left...... knock knock...
you know you are on the wrong side of almost every issue
What about your vote on internet privacy Senator?  Do you have a link for that as well?  Shame on you!
Compromise with the Democrats and find a mutually acceptable judge.
If judges applied the law impartially, the Republicans would have allowed the Democrats to fill it when it became open.
fool #resist #russiagate Were you on the Russian payroll too?
And Merrick Garland should have received his hearing and his vote. Filibuster Gorsuch! @TuesdaysToomey #realPA 19106
Garland first.
Gorsuch might be a great judge, but no vote because GARLAND!!!!
You are a TOOL!
Merritt Garland is a moderate with a much better record than Gorsuch. Yet no vote for him. Hypocrite.
You're aware the Trump/Russia treason will inevitably go before the SCOTUS, right? With Trump's boy on the bench, if you get your way?
A stolen Supreme Court seat filled by a stolen presidency. And you said nothing. Noted. #ITMFA
Hope you can sleep at night
@SenSchumer @SenateDems NO VOTE ON GORSUCH until Merrick Garland gets his vote! #FilibusterGorsuch #FilibusterGorsuch
enjoy your last term.  Pennsylvania needs independent thinkers.  Not blind party voters.  You gotta go bro.
No, there should be no #confirmgorsuch until @realDonaldTrump #Trumpfbiinvestigation is complete. A possibly #IllegitimatePOTUS s/n appoint!
Nope nope nope
Koch brothers, Devos and every other right wing donor definitely (sadly for PA) got their money's worth in you.
You are a shining example of everything that is wrong with this Congress.
If you really believed in impartiality, you would have allowed the nomination of Judge Garland to move forward.
why the rush? Simmer down let Senate investigate possible illegitimate Prez &  #BillionaireCabinet #TrumpRussia  #NoGorsuch
Do you have an independent thought or just another one of the sheep????
Let's hear your Senate speech on why Garland should not have been considered. Grow weary of Republican HYPOCRITES!
Wait. Are you saying you actually left your cozy Weasel Bunker for this? Like, above ground? People saw you? #ConfirmGarland
That's right, confirm another mouth piece for corporate America!  Then again, that's all you care about, the people be damned!
GORSUCK is impartial as long as it's in favor of big business. You continue to ignore your constituents. WE WILL REMEMBER
19428 here, why did you vote to sell our browsing data?
WRONG!! No SCOTUS confirmation vote until Russian connection to Trump admin investigation complete. We'll hold u accountable
NO appointees until Russia conspiracy is resolved & those involved are jailed.  For the love of God ...  stand up for us Toomey!
You suck Pat.
you are just a puppet for #presidentasshat. Where was this thought process when Obama had a nominee for 8 months!?  #hypocrit
and there us the problem. Gorsuch is an ideolog which limits in impartiality
gaaaaarrrrrlaaaaaaaannnnnnnd
all that is true about Garland too. You are a hypocrite and a partisan tool. Resign.
this isn't about Gorsuch; it's about not giving Garland a hearing
Is that why the GOP wouldn't hold any hearings on Merrick Garland? You are a hypocrite.
great one edward
.@SenToomey   No.      Garland. 

Can't wait to see your internet search history for PORN.

#TrumpRussia
Sorry Senator. The unprecedented treatment of Obama and his nominee cannot go unanswered. Maximal power for you, norms for us?
Merrick Garland!!!!!!!!!
look at decision patterns of  SCOTUS. They decide through lenses. Gorsuch will pack the conservative court. Not impartial.
18017 Your constituents don't want Gorsuch.
wrong decision-an administration under a cloud of serious allegations re:Russia ties should not be allowed to name a justice.
if you spoke with ur constituents, none of us agree with your position. Garland was a good candidate, but Gorsuch 2 radical
you lost all credibility when you went into hiding on the last vote. Now you come back looking for support.  Pathetic!
yes, to freezing truckers and autistic children.
So you wouldn't hold hearings on Judge Garland and now you're ready to go nuclear? The hypocrisy is a little thick here.
you continue to disappoint.
hell NO!!
15221 agreeing w 45 shows u support Russian interference in our Democracy. You are aligned with a king #trumppuppet #NoGorsuch
19087 here. Trump gets no POTUS nom until we clear up the whole treason thing, kay buddy? Exception belong Garland
Super Pac against Toomey
PA voters will not forget.
Yes, once again vote with the party instead of the constituents.The count down to Toomey 's representation of the GOP.
You wouldn't vote before because it was the last year of a presidency. No vote for a judge appointed by a president under FBI inv
have some integrity before your legacy erodes like the eastern seaboard coastline
I hate the fact that you are my senator. You have proven you are a puppet for trump
Trump is the best.
where was your speech on the injustice shown to nominee Merrick Garland? Where is his confirmation hearing? #ConfirmGarland
SERIOUSLY? You don't have the guts to meet with your constituents face to face about anything #youtubevideo #noballs
Ugh, please do not confirm him.
Meet with your constituents in Allentown
#GarlandNotGorsuch
Until the investigations are over you owe it to your constituents to not vote in support of anything this administration does.
probably because he paid you. Just like that bag you put in Sec of EDU, and just like the cable companies
Why don't you ask your constituents. I guess that would get in the way of selling them out and pleasing your masters.
You are either naive or deliberately misleading. If that were so, you would have confirmed Garland.
you are awful
you wouldn't confirm a judge with 11 months to go with obama but you'll confirm a judge of someone under investigation by the FBI?
You just lost another vote. When the hell are you going to listen to those you represent?
Zip19063. No Supreme Court nominees until Russia is cleared up. Also: meet with your constituents or be seen as a coward
Speaker Ryan's obsession with defunding Planned Parenthood is irresponsible.PP offers healthcare to millions of women.
No vote on Gorsuch until you have a Garland vote.
I cant wait to buy your search history.......
based on his past rulings favoring corps., and his evasive answers, Judge Gorsuch should not be confirmed.
AND TO ALL THE HATERS: I BET SEN. TOOMEY WON'T EVEN SEE OUR TWEETS!  WHO HAS THE TIME???????????
vote no to Gorusch!
WHOO!  DO YOU HAVE THE HATERS ON THIS THREAD!  DO THE RIGHT THING AND CONFIRM GORSUCH!
.@SenToomey Of course, YOU would feel him a kindred spirit in that regard.
.@SenToomey You know who else is a judge? Merrick Garland.
seriously
Great job Pat!  Can't believe all these really stupid trolls here!  Gorsuch WILL absolutely be confirmed!  Cry, cry Libs
When are you going to do something constructive in your career as a politician?
HI ED,  GET HIS NEWLETTER VIA EMAIL
how much did that cost the special interest groups?
EXCELLENT WORK AND COMMON SENSE, SENATOR TOOMEY!  NOW WE HAVE TO HOPE CASEY IS SMART ENOUGH.
what about Garland???  Your a partisan joke.
so you'd be ok with an impartial judge like Garland? Oh wait no, you wouldn't even vote on him
JOKE
Sounds like a good reason to #ConfirmGarland
There should be no vote for a lifetime SCOTUS appt until a thorough independent investigation of Trump/Russia ties is completed.

respectfully Judge Garland is better. Shut down hearings until end of Trump/Russia investigation. No traitor gets SCOTUS PICK!
RESPECTFULLY, GORSUCH IS FAR ABOVE THE OTHERS LIKE GARLAND
Gorsuch has a history of controversial decisions & stole the place of a highly qualified SCOTUS nominee, Merrick Garland.
How much did you sell your vote for? There should be no hearings until Russia situation has been completely investigated.
You need to listen to your constituents and vote NO. It's your job to represent us. Not your party.
funny how that wasn't ur talking point a year ago. Stop pretending u have ur constituents best interests @ heart #ConfirmGarland
Really? Then #ConfirmGarland ! Your party should not be rewarded for violating Constitution to steal #SCOTUS seat.
NOT STOLEN ---WAS NEVER HIS TO BEGIN WITH!
WAS TOO! LOL
hahahahahaha!  you are toooooo funny!
Oh good, you found your caps lock button again. No one likes a screaming egg
Until we know how much the Trump admin. (and possibly Son himself) colluded with Russia, there should be NO confirmation vote.
How 'bout you ask the people you represent. Here's a fresh new idea, it's called a town hall.
18103 here.  We held ours with your empty suit.
if you met with your constituents, I am one of them, we can give you numerous reasons why not to confirm him
you need to vote NO! He is a corporatist and misogynistic. He isn't right for #SCOTUS! #stolenseat #TrumpSycophant #Coward
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Will you give impartial decisions on the senate floor? Or will you remain a lemming? @MSNBC Gorsuch forgets law protects people.
curious, what did you have to say about Merick Garland?
you don't talk to your constituents so I doubt you give a fuck at this point. Stolen seat. Hope you're out of a job soon
Flagrant lie as no hearing on Garland. I have email response from you bout Garland nomination and this is not what you said then
oooooh do you have a screenshot of that? 
You are such a hypocrite.  What about #Garland ?  You are #deplorable and a coward. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
I don't doubt Gorsuch's ability and intellect. I feel Garland is better for because his views represent more Americans.
Confirming a Supreme Court Justice while the President is under investigation for possible criminal activity is pretty low.
How about the citizens he screwed over in favor of corporations or big employers. The case of the frozen trucker?
do not confirm Gorsuch. You were supposed to hear from M Garland. Let's wait for midterm elections.
#MerrickGarland deserved a hearing too. Still does.
My speech on why NOT to: I'm a woman with a 15 yo daughter & I work for a living. He's anti-me & my family.
Pleased to see @SenToomey being called out for his rank hypocrisy. Gorsuch is deserving of exactly the treatment you gave Garland.
Judges apply the law impartially. My Senate speech on why to #ConfirmGorsuch https://youtu.be/xR76mmTiutA 
NAH........................!!!!
what a surprise you are the perfect .....im Stechschritt marschieren
So when is Garland going to get that hearing & vote? No SCOTUS vote until #TrumpRussia resolved. Also hold a town hall!
we've obstructed judges in the past but, you know, don't obstruct this one. Logic.
If that's the case why didn't you consider Obama's SCOTUS pick?!?!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
crawl back in your hole.
Qualifier: "Some" judges apply the law impartially. THIS judge favors BIG business and BIG money - JUST LIKE @SenToomey!
YOU DON'T KNOW CASEY LIKE I KNOW CASEY!
Stop yelling. You are a bot.
Did you write a piece on why we should confirm Merrick Garland?
.@SenToomey You won by about the same number of votes as DJT thanks to the Russia assist. You're as legitimate as DJT.  Not very.
Merrick Garland would have applied the law impartially. Why didn't he get a hearing?
Why didn't you confirm Merrick Garland?
@All100Senators @YouTube If you truly believed that, Garland would've gotten a hearing.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
a new approach? Claim impartiality while carrying the Trumpian/McConnell water? Impartiality would b confirming Garland first
Your constituents disagree and won't forget. #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat #RussiaInvestigation first!
do not confirm Gorsuch he is a #dinasour!
HAHAHAHA---SUCH NONSENSE..........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are a fraud and an embarrassment to all Pennsylvanians. Resign
not true. Gorsuch puts corporations above people. Farther to right than other judges. Not what Americans want.
#ConfirmGarland
Confirm Merrick Garland. Gorsuch is the  "Fascism Forever" founder which disqualifies him from SCOTUS.
who benefits, how much are you getting your vote?You sold our internet privacy for $146,000. Guessing Judges would bring more?
You're getting so many kick backs you're giving 'cash me outside' a whole new meaning. 
#cult45
do not confirm Gorsuch. #impeachtrump #yourlastterm
