simple, impeach him or 25th Amendment for #mentalillness  You KNOW this. 
start by not building a $15 billion wall.
Stop tweeting, or jobs will be the least of your concerns?
Seriously! Are you really working for the people of Pa.? Not convinced!!!!
I also encountered the full voicemail. Poor representation of constituents!
YOU MEAN HIGHER TAXES FOR WORKERS, AND MORE MONEY FOR YOUR FRIENDS.
Shaub,director of the federal Office of Government Ethics,should be commended for doing his job, not threatened.
For more than 16 years we have been waiting for the Republicans to come up with a better health care plan? Where is it?
First we must hold a thorough bipartisan investigation into the connection betw Russia and DT.
Creepy crew! Taking away healthcare from 20 million people! Karma is a bitch!
Do you both support @realDonaldTrump working with Russians to get elected? How about that he won't divest?
I'm your constituent; ACA helps Medicaid/Medicare & uninsured; repeal & lose my vote
Care to comment on Trump likening his treatment to Nazi Germany? I'm sure you would be silent if Clinton said the same thing.
You have & continue to be a great disappointment.  I'm a PA Democrat; we're used to being disappointed. Just remember...I vote.
cutting your government paid health insurance would be a good first step. Every penny helps.
follow the money....
Your constituents watch you every day. Your duplicitous actions will cost you your career
I agree.
You guys could not plan a trip to the grocery store without screwing everything up.
I'm so glad that you're smiling, Pat. Your constituents are not. #KeepTheACA
we need jobs first not a wall
I just moved here last week and looks like I've already got a fight on my hands. You will answer to The People.
But Sen. Toomey, when will u to talk to ur constituents?  No meetings w/us, phones unanswered. We vote.
But he won re-election in November, so why should he care about voters for the next 5 years?
ask him where he spent the $9mm he dwindled away from his taxpayers in SC?
True story; not fake news! #RepresentationMatters
what funds will he use to build that wall??  #stayoffmyhealthcare
Yes by taking Healthcare away from the disadvantaged. Repeal & REPLACE We are #Indivisible
Read Matthew 25:31-46 before you repeal ACA. There is life after death.
by raising the deficit with the repeal of the ACA.
we want to see Donald Trumps tax returns!
I suppose in Republican speak that means out of control deficit spending.
hoping you will do the right thing with ACA. A lot of PA voters want and need it. Your have insurance
Really?! Does that analysis include - Why we are cutting health care to build a wall with Mexico???
Millions of lives are at stake b/c there is NO GOP REPLACEMENT for #ACA & you only care about kissing DJT's ass...
You can start by NOT REPEALING THE ACA. I am your constituent. You work for me and PA voters.
Is there anyone out there to help Drumpf speak the truth?
You're ensuring our elderly, vets, and children (you know, US citizens) can access necessary healthcare, right?
how about concentrating on getting my healthcare back since you voted to take it away
do you even comprehend you are not representing the majority of your constituents new on the state but appalled at you
It's never too soon for a RECALL ELECTION.
Screw him. Contact your congressman. Then run for office.
Enjoy your last term in power.
fire Donald Trump
I strongly urge you to reconsider voting in support of stripping healthcare from millions of Americans. Irrational, irresponsible
- did your Mom crack you upside the head yet for lying to her face in a campaign commercial?
you think the tea party was unreasonable wait to you see what http://indivisibleguide.com  has in store for you
you pretended to be ambivalent about @realDonaldTrump & now you normalize him. SHAME ON YOU!
screw the budget. What about @realDonaldTrump 's conflicts of interest and your reckless vote to repeal ACA?
don't repeal Obama care, or change Medicare. Our lives depend on it. Dose yours?
You mean this Republican budget that explodes the deficit?
By nearly every measure, #SConRes3 is the worst budget I've seen as a congressman. Check out the comparison chart. The House vote is Friday. 
Are you ready to stop being a policy lightweight? You ready to throw ur weight around?
. You are failing us.  Hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for his business dealings and nepotism.
Can u help to get a job w/ the State, @TerriZezza ? I passed my test & we are sick of beingpoor
We are still here! And we are watching and will not forget how you vote.
Cleanup your mail box and accept calls from your constituents- don't be a coward!
Trying to reach you all day! It's Urgent!A matter of life and death for some! Don't repeal ACA
"A full repeal of Obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade." Off to a great start
NO REPEAL WITHOUT REPLACE. Unless your family is losing their coverage too.
you guys are trying to pass a budget that doesn't balance. How is that getting it in order?
Care to comment on the fact that you have never ONCE criticized Trump for his approval and praise of a murderous dictator?
Care to comment on the immense conflicts of interest that are to come during the Trump presidency? Your silence is deafening.
Oh, so I guess shutting down the government isn't an option now that you're in control.
do you have a replacement plan or is killing people the ultimate goal?
is that really the top priority at this moment?
Was this before or after the vote? Your pro-life views don't extend to ppl outside the womb.
so what's your plan for an ACA replacement?
Hope all your voters are paying attention to your useless photo-ops. #TraitorAdministration
You're also planning to protect those who need ACA instead of advocating a juvenile symbolic repeal right???
Have you checked your FB page to read the stories and pleadings of your constituents who want and need the ACA?
I've called every day the last two weeks to plead for you not to gut ACA and you disappointed
balance the budget, but don't kill American citizens to do it! Listen to @SenBobCasey !
Voting against the ACA is PARTISAN, not in line with the interests or wants of your constituents.
Well gee Senator, you could have started with one that balances like @RandPaul
And have a pizza party while doing so. #fakechristians #realmonsters
Reduce DoD spending and support 1,000's of small communities by funding infrastructure.
You represent me but you do not represent me at all. Be delighted to speak about a budget that provides for the wellness of all people.
you didn't care for Trump during the campaign - are you really just a hypocrite.
why don't you get your priorities in order first and work for the people of PA
Shame on you Sen Toomey
I love magic tricks! A trillion in infrastructure $, lower taxes AND balance budget. Pigs fly?
voted to take away healthcare protection for my daughter's congenital  defect. God forbid she ever needs private insurance.
Did you laugh about all those people who will be losing access to affordable health care?
you vote in the middle of the night and you don't even acknowledge it!!! You HORRIBLE MAN!!!
Answer your phones, @SenToomey
how can you just fling people who need healthcare under the bus like this??
I tweet to thank @SenBobCasey for keeping us, his constituents, informed. YOU? Not so much!
An idea-dump 20 million ppl off insurance rolls and add to the deficit by $1 trillion-2 for 1!
you should more concerned with his conflicts of interest & dealings with Russia & re-election
penny plan.  Cut 1% a year for 7 years
great start would be not spending a penny on a wall.
A full repeal of Obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade! Don't!!!!
Please do not repeal ACA, make it better, do your job!!!
Start by forcing the Pres Elect to divest from his business, or are you on the take also?
I'm very disappointed in you. During the campaign, you showed moral fiber and stood up to Trump's excesses. Now you normalize him
By giving huge tax breaks to the richest and denying health coverage to the most vulnerable.
here's an idea: no taxpayer $ for the wall.
Why did you vote for me to die if I get sick last night?
cause he's a spineless fuck. Vote along party lines when you have no moral compass
It would have been good if U helped Trump get elected, but U didn't.
maybe work on not taking away healthcare from Americans!
We're delighted about all your meaningless tweets.

Don't take away people's healthcare.
looks like you already started by sentencing those with preexisting conditions to death.
