Actually, sir, what's needed now is for you to oppose this current version of health care repeal. Will you do that?
Why is everyone so afraid that Governor Wolf isn't going to do the right thing when given the money.
Bc it doesn't ensure that people in Alabama or Ohio will.  My sisters there have pre existing conditions
So we need the federal government to hold the hands of the governors? Maybe we should get rid of state and local government???????
We need to power of a unified insurance market to get the most efficient system.  It's about sound policy, not empty symbolism.
Clearly socialism works!
Empty barrels make the most noise. Try using fact based arguments to advance your unfounded position.
11 socialist HC systems are ranked higher than our non-socialist one.
How about mandatory sanctions on bad presidents???
Oh, hiding from the latest HC bill? That tells us just how horrible this bill really is!
Good cover, while you work on this quietly

Let's put first things first. I would like to request that you vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Disappointed in your last vote on healthcare.
@sentoomey Pat Toomey will screw his own constituents, if he votes yes on the Graham Cassidy bill.  Pat Toomey cares more about south states
Like the ones whose officers Jared met with?
Pat,my autistic daughter needs medicaid 2 back up private insur. tht we pay a fortune 4&will not pay 4 autism,so she can b a taxPAYER 1 day!
I don't want 2 hear abt the threat 2 ur "allowance" from the Kochs-u ran as a rep 4 PA CITIZENS,not the Kochs&BetsyWetsy.DO UR JOB-WE pay u
Crazy.  How is Toomey supporting this bill?
FACT: If #GrahamCassidy #TrumpCare bill becomes law, an estimated 1,066,000 Pennsylvanians will lose health care. #KillTheBill 
Guess my senator doesn't much anymore. Last town hall was in 2013. He takes the money from the 1 percentile and screws the working class.
But BRINK sure can reduce our status with our allies trying to interfere with their economies.  Stick to the US, Pat.
How can a constitutionalist back BRINK?  We have no power over other sovereign nation's banking.  Bil can't deliver as promised
What does POTUS stand for? HIs own ego and wealth? Your support of that POS is simply party over country. We will remember next November.
Are you going to expand to Deutsche Bank and Bank of Cyprus, where @SecretaryRoss laundered Russian money to @realDonaldTrump
If Alaska receives benefits to incentivize her to change her vote what does that say about this process. Vote No for Pa
Hey, Pat, if @lisamurkowski gets to keep Obamacare plus a few extra billion for her vote, why can't you do the same for PA?
Bad banks in NK. What about US? Or better yet Russia? Why not stop the flow of dirty money to the Trump's and their supporters...like you!
Vote no on Cassidy graham. Listen to your constituents or once In your life
Failed again in healthcare!! Yay for the people! And an epic drop dead to our PA Senator for doing everything in his power to hurt us!
Hey dummy, get some balls from a real hero and vote against the atrocious repeal of ACA as Sen. McCain will. Oh, and bite me.
Please vote NO on healthcare bill
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM-CASSIDY.
Too bad Toomey, McCain beat you to it!
