
Trump and Republicans are trying to sell you the idea that American corporations need a tax cut in order to be competitive. It's rubbish. 
What about all this money that companies hide overseas?
How about you unite on helping Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands and get your crap POTUS under control!!!!!!!
Good . Now we we know which @GOP candidates to vote out
You don't even believe this crap yourselves, if so, why don't you agree on anything!
We will not accept any bill which does not benefit the people.
If it lowers corporate taxes and spurs reinvest and jobs does it benefit the people?
Trickle-down anything is a proven failure. Know your history.
Just like anthropogenic global warming is"proven." Meaning it is not.
Climate denying as well? Manmade global warming and climate impact is 100% scientific fact. You might as well be an "earth is flat" man too.
Calling someone a denier is just a juvenile way of stifling debate. Let’s see, maybe we need to call everyone who swallows the anthropogenic global warming pablum is an “alarmist.”
How about uniting on N. Korea, getting @POTUS to stop his childish taunts of Kim. How about action on the disaster in Puerto Rico? Something
Better "childish" with confidence and action than your friend osama with fake promises and lack of any experience!!
U R 2 funny. Most of what Trump says R lies, he has NO government experience, none in diplomacy or with the military & has no leadership.
politicians really washed yr brain. Who said u need diplomacy, military or other bs experience? Common sense good enough which u r lacking!
Don't know what U do 4 a living & don't care, but do U want a cardiologist or surgeon working on U who only has common sense? Dumb statement
Check out @SenSanders’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/915705607323140098?s=09 …
Millionaires know it is wrong to make the working class pay for tax cuts for the 1%.
These millionaires want President Trump to know there is nothing patriotic about shifting the tax burden onto the middle class. 
We'll believe u if you tell us where money will come home. The cuts in domestic prog already too high. Billions needed for hurricane relief
United in receiving the Koch brothers payoff for tax reform.
#Kochtapus
The GOP is lying about tax reform.  They're giving huge breaks to their billionaire donors, the President and Goldman-Sachs cabinet members.
After the disaster of not repealing & replacing Obamacare, you want us to be optimistic about tax reform? You're delusional. You failed us!
LIES LIES LIES
I Worked 3Decades For Fortune500-100s Last20 InBigPharma
Be Clear Lower Taxes Won't Bring More Jobs Or Better Wages
It Will Give Even More To Stockholders Boards Executives & SeniorManagement
#CorruptGOP #GOPLies #TraitorTrump #RussiaGate #TickTock #Resist
Real stats show otherwise. BTW, shareholders etc spend the money they earn, also stimulating jobs growth. Many see that corporations hire.
Forget About R&D
It Sounds Right But It Isn't The Practice
I Reported Directly To The Boards Executives & CEOs
Gonna Stick With My Original Comment
So you have globalized your narrow experience. Amazing corporations can even survive, yet somehow many manage to employ happy productive people and provide products and services not feasible in cottage industries.

80% of cuts go to top 1%
25% of middle class families' taxes go UP
It raises the debt
You'll be back saying we can't afford SocSec &Medicare
@SenToomey @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOPSenFinance @WaysandMeansGOP

Without seeing Trumps taxes?
This isn't tax reform this is a huge, unfunded tax cut for the rich.
Bullshit lies.  You are all going to ruin America for the working people with your debt
Hide the facts, Your are turning us into a Russian state.
Just like you are on Obamacare, right?  Whatever your donors want....You will comply. Screw the middle class and working Americans.  We C U.
Now, REPEAL OBAMACARE!
Liars Lining up to lie.
Yea they were United on getting rid if the ACA too.  Glad some Republican Senators came to thier senses to actually help Americans.




















If the GOP blows this they are all FIRED. If you can unite for tax reform you can DEFUND ACA TOO!! START DOING YOUR JOBS & pass POTUS agenda
The GOP is always united on screwing people over and serving their own self interests.
http://preview.tinyurl.com/y9dlq7w3 
Tax cuts doesn't cost anything.
Laughable.  Your tax reforms are using Obamacare to cover corporate tax cuts.  #Honestly #TaxPlan screwing the #middleclass
You mean tax cuts for the super RICH.
Ryan stop campaigning long enough to help our PR family. They are in DIRE STRAITS!! Please help.
You can't get anything done. Your phoney bills are devastating to people. The wealthy get represented, we get screwed. Not anymore.
The HOP is united on not being united.  While parts of the GOPs tax plan seem useful, embedded windfalls for rich for $5T in deficits stink.
Too late needed Repeal and Replace! Goodbye
@realDonaldTrump U can't be working all the time & have lots of time on ur hands, they are contradictory statements!!! #theliesw/inlies
Do you GOP rich boys really think we buy this line of crap??  Why don't you actually think about your constituents first ...
Hey Toomey, how does the GOP plan benefit your constituents?  IT DOESN'T. You think you have us fooled??  You're pitiful.
@SenToomey @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOPSenFinance @WaysandMeansGOP Tax cuts for yourselves and your donors! SHAME SHAME SHAME
Of course they are...the bribes from rich, white businessesmen on this one are breaking their banks!
They want to massively cut the corp tax rate &there aren’t enough loop holes on the corp side and so they are squeezing the individual side.
GOP just gave them self's a Raise. We screw the middle class and the American people again. Hell will welcome you all when your time comes.
Hope so, you have 3 RINOs in @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  Would not count on them for doing anything for the people #MAGA
Get your act together or don't come back the Republicans in Congress are useless
Yeah, they were united on repeal & replace too. Seven years of whining & in all that time no one could craft any new legislation.

Make sure that McCain is not against that. McCain supports Obamacare. He is anti Trump and anti Republucans
Get tax reform passed GOP, or you'll all be looking for new jobs! America isn't kidding
Really you have to get a better social media person. Your going to fail at this also. More new GOP will be in DC for not doing anything.
Well, that is just ducky. Hopefully they are not just united but also intelligent and well-informed. 'Cause, ya know... governing....
LOSERS GOOD LUCK
The only good republican senator is a voted out one. Not going to miss any of you
Did THEY bother to include the Democrats or is this another of their secret meetings and dirty tricks.
I'll believe it when I see it! 
HELP PUERTO RICO YOU HEARTLESS BASTARDTS
Stop borrowing money then giving it to yourselves
you guys are nuts
@GOP #wewantYOURhealthcare
If you are, it's not the plan it should be. It will look more like a Democrat plan! PROVE US WRONG WEAK GOP! @realDonaldTrump
My husband and I have to pay MORE now. I am on SSDI. You all are messing up bad.
They only care about $$ & if Graham-Cassidy health was so good. Let’s see them have it. We can/should have the same healthcare as they do!


teachers, policemen & firemen can't receive the s. sec. they have earned & are due! Wrong!
Repeal WEP & GPO! SB#915
#FLATTAX #FLATTAX  #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX  #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX #FLATTAX
All of you should be ashamed! Still a progressive tax that punishes success. Those who pay nothing can still get money make - asset transfer
No they aren't
Weren't you united on repeal replace for like 7 years?
 Like everything else?? 
Trickle down doesn’t work!
Believe it when I see it! So far gop is the do nothing obstructionist.  Started in Alabama! Get on board for #MAGA  OR START packing BAGS!!
Are you serious. The republicans united. Haven't been for 9 months. Why now, same president
I'll believe it when it see it go through.  Does this actually include McCain? Den in Rep clothing?
Before the election you said Republicans were united on healthcare. So far all tweet no action. I really hope you do it this time.
Too bad for you the country is not united on your plan to give huge cuts to the wealthy, run up the deficit, & starve our government.
What makes you think you can pass tax reform when you couldn't even pass health care. I will believe when I see it.
Smoke & Mirrors. Billions of dollars tax cut for the rich. nickles and dimes for working people.
Your promises and dreams are quickly turning into a nightmare!
Revolting
No math major, but Harvey Irma & Maria have created never seen before costs. Tax cuts gonna assist in paying for all this not adding debt?
"How do we deal with this guy our lobbyist can't contol?"..."Let's just do what we always do..nothing"..Disgraceful!
This your last chance to do your job.
If you do not you will be true losers in 2018 !!  
Scary white men hug fest.
Sorry ladies & gents - u have lost ALL credibility & blown any political capital you might have had. Relax, and wait for #ImpeachTrump
Prove it talks cheap & your time is running out November mid term will b the biggest mid term turnout ever watch us go
If the GOP is so interested in letting states decide, remove  marijuana from FDA schedule. LET STATES DECIDE.
Great tax cut  if you are a millionaire.  Working people get nothing out of it since you are taking away Healthcare from millions
Yep
The GOP is united? Wow finally! Please do this!!!
How about we fund programs essential to our society rather than giving tax cuts to the wealthy? You guys are insane.
Where are the women?
The @GOP is united to destroy the US! We won't let u traitor bigots! #CORRUPTION #naziscum #bigots
Waiting to C brackets in #TAXPLAN elim of deducts 4 state and prop tax, & per person deducts A MAJOR hit for the middle class @SenateDems
If you know that you supported giving arms to Nigeria government know it that you are committing murder in the south east of Nigeria
The @GOP is also united on screwing our entire country over. #TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
How bout healthcare. #term limits
Wow. The whole clown car. And if they believe it..well, it just got to be true, cause they lie to America..would they?
Are you going to make sure Trump releases his taxes?
How about uniting with the majority of Americans and quit fucking us over for your own financial gain.
Believe it when it passes
Tax cuts...is this kind of like Repeal and replace? You're just stroking the American people, after we get our hopes up you'll say "Psych"!
It's embarrassing that they haven't don't anything.
Down 4 the rich, up 4 the poor. Good stuff @GOP. I benefit from it but don't want or need it. You have no  or soul. U can all burn in hell
You obviously didn't see the summary. @GOP has memory challenges. Just look at what the Bush rich tax breaks did to the economy. It's a joke
Guess they are,means more money for their sorry a----,nothing for others except more taxes so they & their families can continue to live big
You better get it done! Or I swear every single establishment Republican will be primaried out! I'm sick of excuses and fecklessness
Should b larger tax on investment income, only rich have advantage.
Nothing more than tax break for wealthy so your million kids inherit $
Stand Together Republican leaders Stand Up
The GOP out to fleece all but rich Americans. They want to take everything u have.As deficit grows bc wealthy cuts, SSI, Medicare disappear

Maybe they should show leadership and collaborate with Democrats on coming up with a bill which can pass without further dividing country.
We're watching you GOP better round up the RINO's
@GOP is united in giving their own millionaires tax cuts
I'll believe it when I see it.
Why does one get the feeling that no one in your caucus even gives a crap what you think? You collect a check for breathing.
@carol_cj09119 @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOPSenFinance @WaysandMeansGOP @POTUS U BEST GET W/DJT AGENDA! END UR NONSENSE!
Meanwhile, we are united in calling out the despicable misuse of our taxes on utterly unnecessary private jets. Fix your tax priorities GOP.
History has proven this is only going to increase the debt. Embezzling from the government doesn't make you patriotic, it makes you corrupt.
Help Puerto Rico not your donors
Waive the Jones Act for Puerto Rico then we can talk. Nothing til Jones Act waived!!!
Tax reform is not tax cuts for the wealthy.
And, what tax bracket are majority of you in?
Puerto Rico!!!!!
Can you men and women get this done please bring our jobs back and get us out of this major slump that's going on in America!

