Meeting with your constituents in a townhall?  "Hell No!" Meeting with rich potential donors?  "Oh yeah!"
mad love for @tim_cook BUT i guess he gets your time because he's not one of your #constituents?  #ivorytowerlife
Healthcare for All is pro-growth. Good for All Americans.
I sure would like to discuss pro-growth policies with you @PatToomey, but since I'm just a lowly constituent and not a billionaire I can't.
From what I can tell I am going to lose my job because the hospital I work for serves poor people and my patients are going to die MURDERER
Did you discuss how TrumpCare will Kill people with HIV ? @actupny @riseandresistny @TuesdaysToomey @SenBobCasey @SenLeachCS
Your Toomeycare will devastate my 29 year old grandson fighting for breath with cystic fibrosis. Member of CF of Erie Erie County.Soulless.
You may enjoy hearing/listening towhat your constituents have to say at a face to face townhall meeting in Scranton or Wilkes Barre.
Where's the 4th pic with Mr. Cook furiously using had sanitizer?
Senator Toomey  hear you’re all giddy about your bill that will gut Medicaid even more. Do you expect my son with Autism to pull his weight?
Hello senator Toomey, I am a very wealthy Pennsylvanians looking to stuff cash into your pockets, care to meet?
Ok, not really, had 2 try.
Sooo.  According to the WP & Senate Dems your name is on a deathcare bill.  Nice job!  So should we start calling Repubs 'The Death Squad"?
Pro-growth is fine. But what about this 
h/c bill? Are you going to just go along w/ power, or can u stand up 4 us & our children & VOTE NO?
Senator Pat Toomey is in the process of destroying the healthcare industry this nurse and others like me will lose. our jobs JOB KILLER
Are you going to provide for him when we are gone? You’re pro life but are against the things that helps kids afterwards that need it.
You'll talk to @tim_cook but not real PA residents. Tim has no problems with affording his healthcare.
like Sweatshop labor?

These are the five most valuable companies on earth. 
I hope you reject McConnell 's cynical secrecy and save lives by supporting healthcare Pennsylvanians have with the ACA.
Did you verify the healthcare bill's tax cut for him?!No compassion for those who aren't on the dole and too young for Medicare! 
Your voicemail states you can't take our calls bc ur in the field meeting w/constituents. Guffaw guffaw
Don’t let Pennsylvania lose $110M in vital CDC funding. Oppose the AHCA & #ProtectPrevention http://bit.ly/2sQwQcy 
15217. Ugh
THIS is what ur doing???? Wow what a waste. Maybe if u have a town hall you'd know what the ppl who voted for u want u to do.  2018 ur done.
Who pat wants to harm by writing the #AHCA #Trumpcare
I'd enjoy you having a real town hall for the first time in over 4 years. You are a coward for not meeting with the people.
How about responding to your constituents who have asked to see the healthcare bill that will affect us? Or just responding to us at all?
You know what I enjoy, having my family alive -- STOP THE AHCA -- and "pro-growth" is code for anti poor. stop lying #gloomeytoomey
How much growth did he say cutting off insurance for 20,000,000 Americans would generate?
Still in the closet planning the future deaths of millions of Americans in need of good health care?
Release the damed bill
Would you sign a mortgage without ever seeing the house everybody warns about? sounds like healthcare
Wall Street Senator Toomey.  Remember us? the people of Pa?
Of course you did, he's rich and you didn't have to do it in secret
Happy for you Senator. Now please stop the secret GOP health care bill that will hurt your constituents
you're a millionaire yet you want to snatch Medicaid from poor and disabled
You know what helps economic growth? A healthy population. Kids getting a healthy start in life and growing up to be healthy adults.
#ResistanceSummer follow every Senator #Pennsylvania He is responsible 4 slashing ACA more than House did...AHCA is terrible 4 ppl ex RICH
You sir R only going 2 hurt thousands in PA...#partyovercountry #sestak would have helped PA Your #Hubris shows #GoAway Not even native 
Blah blah blah. You say nothing of substance. Please explain your health care bill.
@tim_cook wishes @apple could design a heart for you to fill that empty space in your chest.
Fine....tell him to Support @potus agenda and security for America.
Yo Pat how about you stop the BS smoke screens and have a discussion about the healthcare bill. Ur on the committee. Please resign.
When Toomey says “pro-growth” it's just a buzzword. He supports killing Net Neutrality which is anti-growth.
We r going to enjoy voting reps out of office who conspired in back rooms to take HC away from 23 million ppl. Oh wait that's u. #byebyepat
Are you going to tell anyone about the details  of ahca? Will your committee hold meaningful bearings?
I'm so surprised you even shook his hand.. you won't give him equal rights...
Oh I bet that was a great conversation... to be a fly on the wall...
You are on the healthcare committee.  Stop hiding it! If it's bad, I will work to vote you out of office!  #ShowUsTheBill
Is he a constituent?  I know he's not because you wouldn't have met with him if he was.
Cool.
You mean pandering for donations ? Or looking for your next job?
Worst senator ever!! Paid for by Koch brothers
I wonder if Apple reveals their health plan to their employees before their employees sign up for it
You know tim hates you for your yes vote next week to decimate healthcare.
#showusthebill you know in your heart hiding it is not ok.
A great progrowth policy is making sure that rural hospitals can stay open. Medicare for all supports local Healthcare systems stay solvent
This constituent would prefer you do more of these out in the open meetings and ditch repealing the #ACA that keeps so many people covered.
This constituent seconds Julia!
Another millionaire buying you off! These post from you are a joke.
Oh how nice, you shook hands with a CEO in between bouts of planning to murder Pennsylvanians and hiding from Townhalls.
Thinkin' Toomey wants to beat out DJT & Pence for the Presidency... Vote him out #Pennsylvania @tim_cook U embarrass Apple & employees
WA grapevine-Toomey is a slash Medicaid bigly type...holding the reasonable Senators hostage...Shame #Pennsylvania gonna kill ppl bigly
Discuss  Healthcare  with the  people of PA  from a BURNED  OUT SHELL Voter
This constituent asks when will you share the contents of the secret @SenateGOP bill to strip health care from millions? #ShowUsTheBill
How did Nero's fiddle sound?
FYI, 17 likes and 85 negative comments should give you a hint at how you're doing. 
@SenToomey - When you hold a town hall & tell us about the healthcare bill then we will respect you enough to listen
I am sure they will freezing journal shortly. Your acrook.
When is your next townhall?  @SenBobCasey just announced his. Hint- it's not in 20 minutes. He gave plenty of advance notice
What about ACHA?
Ask your colleagues to let us see the ACA bill
Notice how Sen. Bob Casey gets hundreds of upvotes for each tweet while Toomey gets next to none? #ShowUsTheBill
We will remember who took away our healthcare #election2022 #voteouttoomey
Yeah baby, we will remember
It would be better if you talked healthcare with the rest of the senate and the American people instead.
Pat, ur people hate u.  & why shouldn't they?  Ur selling them out.  U don't have the courage to answer their questions.  Vile creature.
Do you ever meet with your constituents?
Better yet, I'd let a town hall slide if you tweeted a draft of the super-secret healthcare bill.
Bet you wouldn't have met with him if he lived in Pennsylvania
You're pointless
You duck your constituents, but you've always got time for the one percenters.  How's the secret healthcare plan going?
Save the ACA .... work with Democrats on Bipartisan fixes !!!!
Looks like you have plenty of time for the wealthy and privileged, none for the citizens whose healthcare you plan to destroy.  Shameful.
Of course you did.  You big corporate lover
Just think how much you would enjoy having a town hall meeting with your constituents. We could talk about GOP healthcare bill
it's great that you make $pecial time for $pecial people
When will u discuss anything with your constituents? like a health care bill that may or may not exist and is actually a tax cut
While your constituents watch their healthcare insurance go out the window all the while giving corporations like Apple massive tax breaks!
Stop trumpcare
How about talking to your constituents?  Oh, I get it.  We're not rich enough to matter
That's nice.  Perhaps someday you might choose to engage with your *constituents* ?
Did you ask him to stop hiding assets overseas and to start paying his taxes?
Talk 2 your constituents, not Corp CEOs. We need comprehensive affordable healthcare 4 all, not tax cuts 4 the rich. #ShowUsTheBill Zip19106
WHERE' S THE BILL
WHERE'S THE BILL
WHERE'S THE BILL
Toomey looks like Tim Cook just said covfefe
It's a pipe dream. Here are the facts
if Trump'sProposedBudgetIsApprovedByCongressThe Budget wouldn't come back into balance until 2027, putting theGovernment $3.8 trillionDeeper
You met with the CEO of a CA company with Chinese factories, but don't see you talking to doctors, experts, nurses, insurers in Philly
Do @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris not see the same need to lower his taxes by cutting Medicaid?  What does he say about a living wage?
Any interesting ideas to share?
Wondering how we help US workers talking to a company that manufactures cheaply overseas and sells high here
I'd rather hear about the hidden Trumpcare bill. Get out and talk to the people you represent not the ones who give you kickbacks
What's in the bill? What benefits am I likely to lose? Will I be able to keep my kids on until they're 26? What about lifetime caps?
If you have time for this, you have time for a #healthcare #ToomeyTownHall & #ShowUsTheBill. #ProtectOurCare
I hope you protect Medicaid for PA residents, Sen. Toomey. And Mr. Cook, I hope you took time to remind him how important affordable hc is
And what does he tell you ? That 3%growth is a pipe dream.  Why can't you stick with the tried and true of Minnesota. It is proven
What did he talk about? Was he for or against your proposed changes?
Maybe you should have a townhall so we can discuss healthcare,  Russia, Trump, the budget,  climate change
Pro growth RESIGN
Your secretive behavior re: AHCA has been despicable and downright un-democratic.
Are you trolling us with this BS? How about being pro-growth in your relationship with your constituents?
do you ever meet with your constituents? #ShowUsTheBill
If you always vote with the Republican Party Line, why should Tim Cook speak with you instead of any other Interchangable Republican?
@SenToomey 
how about talking with your CONSTITUENTS.
You are NOT representing us, and it is DISTURBING!  #TuesdayThoughts
How about discussing your secret "healthcare" with the people you represent? You are lucky there is no recall provision for senators.
When @SenToomey amends a bill…
Did he tell you that if you provided Medicare for Everybody, it would make his company more competitive/profitable?
#AHCA #MedicareForAll
Paying for Employee Health Insurance must be a HUGE expense for his company.
#AHCA #MedicareForAll
& reverting back to Health Ins linked to Employment locks employees to their present jobs to maintain Health Benefits
#AHCA #MedicareForAll
How bout healthcare, pat?
Too bad you won't discuss the AHCA at a town hall.
I want to hear that you will either support ample time for  hearings, public comment and accept amendments to the health care bill.
Senator, American tech companies are valuable, but you must work to relieve financial burdens on Pennsylvanians making average wages.
How about working for your home state this time!
At least he doesn't look like he's waiting for his BFF to answer "help-me-this-is-a-disaster/911" first date text like in the mtg w POTUS
I'd like to enjoy talking to you as well, but no one ever answers the phone.
Thank's for NOT spending time answering your constituents emails/calls. Mine have gone unanswered and a form letter DOES NOT count. Man up!
Guess you took a break from your backroom healthcare dealings. Stop trying to screw over 777.000 Pennsylvanians just to please the Koch bros
Your done, you do realize this? Your gang of "13" is done. Find new careers, your done. We PA's are way smarter than you. #RussiaGate
Swell. Now try discussing health care with the rest of America
starting with your constituents in the largest city in the commonwealth, you coward.
Keep up the good work!
And yet, here we are with no healthcare bill.  So Senator how many Americans are going to be affected w/ the new republican HC travesty?
Who cares? You won't have a town hall because you don't want to answer the tough questions. Ridiculous.
So you only talk to billionaires and CEOs instead of your own constituents? Please hold a townhall about the AHCA bill.

How about discussing the ACHA with your fellow tight-lipped Senators and the American people you all represent?
Better yet, how about tweeting out a draft of the bill?
