Maybe you haven't heard, 50% of Americans want Obamacare fixed not repealed. Stop ignoring us! You work for us, start representing US!
His loyalty to the Koch Organization is all that matters to him. He will meet with them but not his constituents. Awful senator!

Poll: Which healthcare plan to you prefer? 
Fake news! Oh, interesting! It's from the propaganda arm of the Rs!
@SenToomey how abt easing up on R vets Chldrn elderly disabled &those over 50 who u will b unmercifully hurt by u voting 4 his idea of hlcr
Fact: You refuse to meet with your constituents in Philadelphia face to face.

2. The Administration claims that Medicaid is "not being cut."

Here's what governors were shown. 
It is not!

2. The Administration claims that Medicaid is "not being cut."

Here's what governors were shown. 
nice try, what you think about 22 million people nation wide losing insurance? Oh right, " freedom"!
A lot of them will be much better off and have more control of their health care.
" control" ... what does that even mean????!
lies
Lies. The plan cuts 1 in 4 dollars by whatever year from Medicaid. Not only that but what about lifetime caps  god forbid someone gets sick
Then why are 21 million people losing their health care Senator?  Shame on you.

Pennsylvanians cuffed after sitting in Sen. Toomey's office asking for health care to be protected. #StopTrumpCare 
What a wonderful way to treat your constituents!
Time to replace all GOP and democrats and elect real Americans that will get the conservative agenda done. Current leadership lacks a spine
What about preexisting conditions? The Cruz amendment of plans with no coverage? Lifetime caps? The exemption for Congress? MANY problems!
Actually trump took away the congress exemption and rightfully so! 
Not true. Congress exemption remains.
I saw that yesterday  let's us know where we rank. I'm soooo sick of all these jokers.
Yes, premiums will be much higher for the elderly, and good luck with preexisting conditions.
You talk about dollars but you don't talk about coverage.  Is this money going in your pocket as a gift from the Turtle , McConnell to you?
How is better if you are a woman? Have a pre-existing condition? Or have a mental health need? What if you are poor? What happens? You liar
"Better Care" is a misnomer. #KillTheBill
Better care for the rich is more like it. Give them a huge tax cut!
Fun fact: In 2020 - 2029, federal Medicaid $ in PA go down over 24 million dollars. Guess who pays the difference to keep coverage? Pa taxes
You do remember you work for us right???   Do what Pennsylvania put you there to do.  Fix Obamacare.  Don't kill sick people
Liar, Republicans and Trumps lose again!
The CBO says the senate bill is terrible just like treasonous Trump Do not vote for it! Are the premiums higher for preexisting conditions?
#funfactsfortoomey - According to estimates, in 2018 15 million more people would be uninsured under this legislation than under current law
Repeal & Replace ObamaCare NOW. PA voters can't take HIGH PREMIUMS & High deductibles. DO YOUR JOB. NO VACATION UNTIL YOU DO.
Rule for graph always list sources, if you need help and you obviously do, contact me
It's all about lining YOUR pockets Pat 
#FixACA
You're an immoral liar who'll be directly responsible for more American suffering & deaths than any terror group.  We can see & hear you Pat
Much less than what you give to the Industrial military complex. Still planning for an invasion from outer space?
The BRCA will kill people. #ADAPTandResist #SummerOfADAPT #SaveMedicaid #CripTheVote #DisabilityIntegrationAct #SaveACA
Please. Stop the BS. We know you're screwing your PA constituents and working for the 1%. We got your number, Toomuch.
How about fixing #ObamaCare instead.  It is working.  Admit it.  DO WHAT IS RIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE.  Quit being a spineless tool of your party
Fact: a rate reduction = a cut, even with an attempt at rebranding
Unless you're willing to put your family on a BetterCare plan, stop trying to sell them to the rest of us
Yes an that would still be about 4 million short of what PA actually needs. GOP in PA is no to ANY new taxes. So CUTS ARE THE ONLY OUTCOME.
It's done Pat!
You are SO lucky you're not running in 2018.....
BS. Hold a face to face town hall with ur constituents Senator. Explain the benefits of Trumpcare in person instead of hiding behind Twitter
Our tax dollars at work on the road to socialism ! Taking taking taking on the backs of hard working people !

.@SenatorCollins: GOP health care bill "could lead to insurance plans that really are barely insurance at all." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
The we get to pay healthcare without the middleman repeal it no replace let ins. Co go. Funny liberals hated them befor
Хм, . Я не уверен, что вы перевели это достаточно хорошо.

.@SenToomey's constituents now sitting in his office urging him to vote no on GOP's repeal bill & protect care for 22 million. #KilltheBill 
Whoever has bought you is getting their money's worth. Too bad it's not PA voters.
It's the Koch Organization! Only people he will meet with live.

3. Pence says Medicaid isn't being cut. The governors were told this by independent analysts. 
Delete your account, liar.

Protesters in Hart Senate Office right now demanding #KillTheBill and #Medicare4All because healthcare is a human right! @NationalNurses 

Protesters from @DemSpring and other orgs arrested in front of @SenateMajLdr #KillTheBill #StopTrumpCare 
@sentoomey Is there a nonpartisan source that will confirm your "facts?" What I've seen is much less rosy.
Sure. Try the CBO score.
If you spent half as much time with your constituents as you do twisting facts for these dishonesties, you'd be less callous abt killing us!
Little over the top don't you think
Well, the plan he's willfully mischaracterizing will result in ~20 million more Americans without insurance. So...nah, I don't.

Sitting in Sen. Mitch McConnell's office demanding he give up on this disastrous repeal. #KilltheBill

Watch live: http://fb.com/PoliticalRevolution … 
The CBO says the senate bill is terrible. Do not vote for it! Are the premiums higher for preexisting conditions? Are there lifetime caps?

Time 4 GOP to abandon this partisan charade. Dems still ready 4 bipartisan effort to expand coverage, lower costs & build a healthier nation 
Good luck with that! You Rs are so hellbent on repealing ACA that fact distortion does not concern you! IMPEACH TRUMP!

Care to include your sources pat or you going to leave your constituents out to dry
Pennsylvanians know whose pockets you're in, and we won't soon forget. Hard working PAians rely on Medicaid to afford healthcare.
How do you sleep at night!?
But compare to current law! You propose cutting growth rate of federal payment without a mechanism to reduce dollars needed for good care!
Raise taxes. All money should be subject to same rate as workers. Penalize off shore accounts. Lower Corp rates but raise CEO rates
 
How is the whole trying to take healthcare away from poor people going?
Well stop giving yourselves pay raises
as a Pennsylvania resident I would preferred to see money on healthcare. With no tax reductions. I'm olderand would prefer to pay
You've lost your credibility with your blind following of Trump. Be a real leader and stand against a Pres who is out to deconstruct USA.
What right wing website did you find that " chart" on anyway? Probably got it from Alex jones didn't you! And I say chart loosely
You do we don't believe you right! Post the actual wording of the act not your interpretation of it. Nobody trusts you anymore. Please quit
Still not buying it #KillTheBill #SaveACA
This bill will leave too many uninsured & underinsured. My 7yo daughter will be uninsurable with her pre-existing condition. #AdvocateForJA
You lost again, Pat. Now we will push for an analysis of PA voting in 2016, find the fraud, and kick you to the curb.
Make your points to me in person and I'll listen. #courage
FACT: the bill is dead.
FACT: your party can't accomplish anything
FACT: your president is a know-nothing
From 17320 It's time to reach across the aisle & work to fix not repeal the ACA This is about people NOT politics DO YOUR JOB
Shot down in a blaze of glory!!!!!!
Zombie legislation, its dead but you and the McConnell Gang keep digging it up.
This is so false.Paraphrasing an old quote here but ppl don't know who gave them healthcare but they'll certainly remember who took it away
How will those w pre-existing get coverage? #pa #medicareforall
Why do you want to go backwards? Please move us forward! No junk insurance. Medicaid for all. #pa #healthcare
Stop this nonsense and listen to the people you are supposed to represent
No caps? What happens after 10 years?
Only thing that is fake is the Fake Medical plan the Repubs can't pass because they have all the votes but a few have balls to say NO to McC
You will definitely be unemployed in 2022 #AnyoneButToomey2022
I am so sick of seeing your tweets that clearly ignore the wants and needs of Pennsylvanians. Why do you insist on doing this? #wealthcare
Are you still talking about the bill that's never going to see a vote.  Even John McCain thinks it's a bad bill.
You just couldn't get it through that extremely dull head of yours, could you? Now, if we can just rid this great state of you.
Lies.
As you cut essential health benefits and pre-existing coverage for EVERYONE- oh, except Congress' families. You're the real disease here.
How much would PA get under the ACA?  And how much of the difference goes in the pockets of your wealthy friends?


#GOPGENOCIDE bill from PREEXISTING BURNED OUT SHELL PA Voter Toomey let me show you what real 1st-2cd-3rd degree burns look like years later
This chart reflects time and money. Please show us how your constituents will fare - I am one and I don't agree with your "better care"
Toomey..Your vote's owned by gas & oil You vote yes only for nat'lgas & oil corps and cutting wealthy people' taxes .
Your bill is going down; 2 more senators not voting for it & yet you're still shilling these nonsense, dishonest tweets. #youhatemedicaid
Toomey... you voted to permit shooting baby bears and Mama bears & Mama & baby wolves all sleeping in their dens .Uhave secrets
Repeal
Can u say BS. Now u can do as PA voters direct by faking the "it's not conservative enough" spin like ur @GOP buds. U guys had no plan 1/2
2 fix health care 4 Americans. Only leapt at an opportunity 2 shovel tax cuts  ur corp overlords. Don't worry even @SenMajLeader is glad 2/3
His state is one if the neediest. He was even praising & running ads 4  Kynect during his reelection campaign. U know, Obamacare / ACA
Keep up the good work Senator.
Does it cover everyone who needs healthcare? In an affordable way?
You FAILED
Myth is right? What aren't to telling us? Gov Kasich has exposed your bill.
Senator why is the insurance agencies coming out and saying this plan is no good and that it would jeopardize the stability of the market?
You don't have the votes! Yea!
You don't have the votes! Yea! 
Your plan sucks and we don't care now 'cause
You don't have the votes! Yea!
Can we have a real town hall meeting with you to discuss all of this?
So how much more funding would we get under ACA with no time limits? What about annual and lifetime Caps? How about people with disabilities

Where are you getting your information?
The bill is dead but PA won't forget how you sold the wretched thing. See you in 2022 (b/c we know you won't hold a town hall before then!)
Slight of hand: You aren't telling us how much LESS in funding PA will get compared with current law!
This is not health care.  It is wealth care.
Pinocchio
No. Oppose. Why do you think you know better than THE ENTIRE MEDICAL COMMUNITY? Rep your constituents #OpposeBCRA #TrumpCareKills 15126
Less than what it would give under ACA #Cuts
I will wait for CBO score. You can't be trusted
You were going to use the savings from cutting $700 billion as baby boomers age to give tax cuts to the wealthiest. Don't hurt the people!

You fail to tell people that it won't be enough and that you and your rich cronies are pocketing the difference in the form of a tax cut.
Please talk about Life time caps that will eleminate coverage after one serious illness or accident. #StopLying
This is why ppl are camped at your offices every single week. They're sick of your lies
Without holding hearings, I assume you are hiding something, using misleading/old reports or just being deceptive.
Here's a thought.  Why don't you invite some of these governors to a hearing and discuss the bill.  https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/886962445369171968 …
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!   Can't sell it.
Slowed growth that is passed in tax cuts for the wealthy will fail to keep up with the needs of america. No #corporatewelfare
Good. Also...pre existing conditions? What happens to those?
Hmm. Wonder why AMA, AARP, hospitals and even insurance companies are all against your bill, if it's so amazing?
just be honest and ADMIT you don't care if people lose coverage.
Is maybe why Senator
#MythVFact leprechauns are real
How do you sleep at night? Vote no. #NoBCRA #KillTheBill
The legislation says that irresponsible emergency room users will require the rest of us to pay their bill! FREEDOM? I call it irresponsible
Vote no
Those of us without children in school pay school taxes to support something for the common good. Why not support health care for all?
As your constituent I am ordering you NOT TO VOTE FOR THE BCRA. It's as sinful as it is shameful. Stop serving billionaires at our expense.
Why don't you write legislation that takes away your great taxpayer subsidized health insurance and gives you what you are giving us!
Yes, but instead of putting people first and fixing ACA, you make sure the billionaires win and we lowly citizens get crap!
This is nonsense and you know it, as you helped to develop this monstrous bill. Do you represent the people of PA or not?
Oh, please.
No one believes you.  You're losing all credibility.
Resign.
Not nearly enough $ to cover all the ppl w/disabilities & illnesses over the next 10 years. The # sounds impressive but isn't. What's the +?
This is unethical - it jeopardizes people's very lives. It's ARROGANT & ELITIST - you & Rs think you deserve better care than Amer people.
FEDERAL GOVT GIVE? You mean take borrow! Republican?
We should start with full repel, this should be easy!
Myth: You're telling the truth. Lie: What you do every time you open your mouth. #MythVFact #PA #DemForce #TheResistance
You ARE NOT convincing anyone with these lame tweets - give it a break patty - we ALL know  WHO is benefiting from this deal - YOU!
Senator, the Cruz-Lee amendment alone is a disaster for Pennsylvanians. Combined with Medicaid cuts that YOU authored, this is a brutal bill
We in PA will not forget you when ur up 4 re election
Ride along with the @GOP 
We will vote you out just like the rest 
#TheResistance
Look Toomey stop spinning this BS 
Talk about those who will lose those with pre-existing those women will lose women HC
#TheResistance
Does not keep pace with inflation and growth of aging population. Such a shame you need to loe
this is disingenuous to those of us who live in PA, do you really think you'll have a job left after this?
You are insulting the intelligence of your constituents with this chart. 2017 level is irrelevant.
You are really reaching.  Do what the people want not what the GOP needs
How does that differ from current spending rates?
Which is much less than under current law. PA will get more is you do nothing. https://infogram.com/_/Gwlp7uk80rhC0yMOoeKL …
@SenToomey VOTE NO TO your Better Care Bill.  My zip code is 19454 if you want to talk about these myths.  Still not buying your lies.
Show us YOUR TAX RETURNS AND CAMPAIGN FINANCE FORMS.  OR VOTE NO.  YOU ARE BOUGHT.  YOU MUST LOVE PUTIN.  HE LOVES YOU. DESTROYING DEMOCRACY
Let's see who to believe. The actual bill, AMA, AARP, SNAP, HOSPITALS, DOCTORS, CBO. @SenBobCasey who has shown us the bill page by page.
You're a liar, Senator.
You are on the wrong side of this bill. #voteno
W/ #AbsenteeSenator, tax cuts for rich grow each year. Constituents can't get healthcare, but donors give more $s to @SenToomey #MythVMyth
#shill
EVERY major industry organisation on both sides of this debate has come out strongly AGAINST your plan. Docs, hospitals, Even insurance cos.
Liar
Even the insurance companies have said this will be a disaster. Joining docs, hospitals, AARP, and every medical advocacy group.
Obamacare is twice as popular as #Trumpcare among the American people. See today's poll. 
@IndivisibleLNH @IndivisiblePHL @IndivisibleBUX
Please meet with your constituents
#KillTheBCRABill
Vote no in this horrible bill - constituent from 15236
Vote NO. NO! Do you hear us? VOTE NO!
My daughter has a right to health care! You don't care about your constituents. Why are u more important than my 8 yr old daughter?
Let's set the record straight. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/guide-gop-health-care-bills_us_59691038e4b0174186275426 …
This is a lie.
Once again, this is NOT true. Is there any depth to which you won't stoop to? #partybeforecountry #VoteNo
Where is our town hall meeting?  ABC 27 one doesn't count.
Stop patronizing us!
FACT:
Please explain why you keep cheerleading this bill when your peer, Sen. Casey, and Gov. Wolf have objected strongly to it for hurting PA?
Everything you say about health care is bullshit and you know it. Stop trying to jack us around. Your constituents don't want Trump-care.
How much was given to PA last year.? Just curious..
Stop lying. Everyone knows this is a tax cut for the rich. It will leave millions uninsured. #Liar
I don't believe you!
Toomey, you are so sad...  
Be a hero, represent your voters, and declare your "NO" vote on #BRCA / #AHCA / #Trumpcare
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
The @SenateGOP health care bill released today is the worst one yet: 
https://twitter.com/senatedems/status/885533596676763649 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Police Chief Probst (Star City): Medicaid cuts will force West Virginians to wait for opioid treatment. “That’s not going to help anybody” 
It's going to be a red letter day in PA when you tweet the actual truth about anything. This sure ain't that day. Get lost.
Toomey if you can't present this in a town hall, we can't trust you. Also what happens after ten years and where is the fine print?
Repeal Obamacare
Words cannot express what a disengenous piece of  u r @SenToomey 4 supporting #TrumpCare . We #ObamaCare #ACA is the #BetterCare . #Resist

How many Pennsylvanians insured now and how many will be insured in each of the next 10 years? You are being deceptive and misleading. Why?
We live in pa and lost our ins under Obamacare and got thrown into the market. Now we have a crap plan. Let's see what they put out..
It's all about how to make you and your rich friends richer!
Why do you resist data and science? Medical & public health experts agree there's zero better about this plan. Pls stop claiming otherwise.
Why are you so hellbent on playing the nefarious villain?
Always with the lies and half-truths, Pat. Reduced increases in Medicaid lag actual costs. Services will be cut. People will die.
