you do understand that the people who were detained had already been vetted right?
You do understand that ppl who were vetted before weren't properly vetted. Right!
Correction, the came here fully vetted, Unlike your opinions which are the ISIS of common sense.
Again,
The vetting that was done under the obama admin were used with cock bottle lenses & ppl like this guy!
Sure thing, whatever you say my "cock-bottle" friend
That's all I got is making fun of a spell error. that's weak

I have almost 5000 followers with over 80k tweets. I'm no troll. But your profile proves u are & fits the mold.
How about adjusting the countries involved to include the ones that actually have had terrorists affect the us directly...
breathe and understand President Trump enforced a list Obama created.
The list ( if we NEED one)  should be based on facts and accurate statistics.  It doesn't include the countries who actually caused us harm
so you think Obama was wrong for creating the list in the first place?
Obama's list temporarily prohibited visas. This is blocking people with green cards and families here.
no its not. Either their papers are out of order or they are going through more vetting to get in.
An American flag icon can't hide the fact that Russia is paying you to defend Putin's puppets. Bye.
I believe the Russians were helping her.
1. This ban is unconstitutional and against American values. Shameful that you support it.
not it is not, did not scream hen Obama did? Not a Muslim ban!
can't totally understand your post, but Obama did not ban ppl from countries, only increased visa procedures. Google it.
actually wrong, 2011 Iraq,
so Obama also made an exception for Christian refugees? This must be news I missed, just like the #bowlinggreenmassacre
no specific cut out for Christains, you did not read order, says minority, religions that are oppressed not specific
reason these refugees need to enter is bc they have come under attack despite their religion. Muslim or minority.
this is a provision in most refugee policies to make sure to take the most oppressed first can prioritize gay, aesthist
You will not get my vote for re-election. Casey has been actively involved in resolving. You better get your ass right on Bannon
rather rude, Toomey in point!
Awe, did that hurt your feelings buttercup? Well, buckle up buckaroo.
no!
#ToomeyLipService
Don't count on this #COWARD to do anything
He has to GO
#BoycottToomeyContributors
#BoycottPNC
#BoycottRothman
What about all the diplomats who say the order is counter-productive, biased, and clearly out of step with reality.
you are just a sheep
You are not representing your constituents. #boughtbybetsy
please do not support this or any other Muslim ban.
Please do not support this or any other Muslim ban.
Are you going to do anything to protect immigrants?  People are fleeing into Canada. This is the image you love?  Muthafuka
you're a continued disappointment to me. As a Pennsylvanian, I welcome immigrants to be my neighbor.
the last time we denied entry based on religion 6 million Jews died.
Party over Country, right Senator Toomey?  Republicans gotta stick together...
As a constituent, you disappoint me deeply. If you want my vote next election you must do better for our state and our country!
Vetting takes 2yrs. It's so tough most US-born would fail 
It aint about SAFETY 
It's "complete&total shutdown of all Muslims.."
4. Confused as to why in all 8 offices none of your staffers are answering phones, phones are busy, and voicemails are full.
I tried all of Toomey's offices and never got through. Got an answer at Senator Casey's office on the second try.
Keep trying Carrie, you are making a difference!
Senator Toomey,  If you are just going to vote with the rest of the Republican block, what is special about YOU being in office?
U don't have a #Backbone  U r a follower, no thought of ur own. U work as a "Puppet of a Puppy" 4 @SenateGOP & @realDonaldTrump
admit that the EO has made our problems worse, fanning terrorism. Was that the intent after all? you tell me...
we want you to stand up for American values and against this very wrong executive order on Muslim countries #yinzarewelcomehere
too soft. Try again.
We have a humanitarian crisis NOW. What are you doing to help these people?
your supporters are not the only ones demanding action, and you have come up short on this. #notmyvote
Thank you sir. Please keep your support up. The media & Hollywood are abusing their 1st amendment privilege.
The 1st amendment protects a right, not a privilege.
Our amendments are a privilege to have to ppl who want to come here. This is debatable
Facts are not debatable. The text of 1A literally says "...the right of the people peaceably to assemble..."
Abusing the1st amend is whats going on. Ppl like Hollywood has to stop.Freedom of speech ok but words have consequences
Agree words have consequences. Silence also has consequences. That is why speech is protected as a right.
Yes,but when ur Hollywood with influence u need facts. Theres no Muslim ban & obama did samething & they said nothing
could have been rolled out better,but that did not stop the shame of the ACA, nation of laws and borders and not a Muslim ban!
keep potential terrorists out of our country!   Defund sanctuary cities now!
do you think Chinese view you as a domestic threat when you lived and worked there. I view you as threat to our kids on education
It's not too late. Be a hero and #VoteNoDevos
sad to see how weak you are and how you are willing to support most un-American ban in our history.
i bitterly regret you won the election
You do realize @SenToomey that NONE of the countries on the ban have citizens who attacked us, right? #unconstitutional
Vote no on Devos, be the independent republican you said you were instead of a handout taking republican that this country hates.
a good start but not strong enough. What about  constitutionality?
any new thoughts on the ban?  Your constituents want to know.  Especially me.
Evil triumphs when good men do nothing! Will you speak out against Steve Bannon and acknowledge Devos' interview as the worst evr
you're on the wrong side of this. These people are not a threat and you know it. Step up and call what's wrong WRONG!
Obfuscation, Where were you when legal immigrants, with visas or green cards, were turned away? @SenCasey showed up. You?
Buy Pat Toomey's Vote
Now that you know they turned away green card holders and revoked 60,000 vetted visas, what is your position now?
you're a disappointment to the entire state of PA. Disgusted by your actions as usual. Partly line partisanship foolery
how about some "extreme vetting" for the @POTUS cabinet nominees?! They're the real danger!
maybe @CNN can try and help missing Senator? @realDonaldTrump create more jobs. Toomey needs to hire more staff to answer phones
cognitive dissonance much? The tweet following your holocaust tweet, youre ok w/ denying Syrian refugees? http://bit.ly/2jdpOep 
How do you feel about the 100k revoked Visas?
Singling out majority individuals from majority-Muslim countries clearly does not "strike the appropriate balance."
send him cash it is the only thing he responds too
on bahalf of all students, disgrace to our country and our people and we will not stop reminding you of it until you resign.
this after you posted about holocaust Remembrance Day is pathetic. U need 2 remember this admin does not have mandate.
Weak statement
Nice start.  One of the harshest rebukes yet of @POTUS's actions from your side.  Please consider another tough stand Devos nom.
Vetting takes 18-24 months already? How much more thorough can it really get? Taking 5 years? 10?
There's an easy way for you to prove that your vote can't be bought. #DumpDevos
So you're voting for Betsy. The voters of PA will not forget that you chose to ignore us.
Senator I don't to believe that 55 grand in campaign donations bought your integrity, morals and commitment to us! NO on DeVos!!
This is not how Americans act.
too little too late!
You are done in four years. Like @SpeakerRyan, you have no spine. Sorry Katie lost. Big shame on PA.
Pa children deserve better. Betsy DeVos does not have the education or experience to serve as Secretary of Education. #DumpDevos
PA voters deserve better. #DumpDevos
You were 3000 miles away at Koch Brother Palm Springs retreat while @SenBobCasey was at airport supporting immigrants
Please read about Betsy Devos & look into your  to see if she's right for education #noDevos You could do so much good
If you were truly worried about American lives, why wasn't Saudi Arabia on that list?  Smells like it's all about money.
Stay firm and resolved, the people of PA support you!
EO is disaster & you know it, Lives upturned, ruined with a pen stroke; US more at risk, not less.Your stance--so sad.
do you not stand for them because they didn't donate $55,000 like DeVos ??? How much $ does your endorsement cost??
you're filling a perfectly good seat you pile of hot garbage. Open your phone lines again COWARD
if our country doesn't take in immigrants and refugees... then exactly what is it we stand for?
thank you!
Your support of Trump's ban is pure COWARDICE. Look at facts.  Not fiction.  You should be able to stand up for what's right.
You support slamming the door on Muslim refugees and allowing Christians in. This is a Muslim ban. It is immoral and un-American.
#DumpDevos #Guns4Grizzlies #GrowthOrProficiency #WhatIsIDEA
#NoBanNoWall #HearOurVoice PA constituents face automated responses & full mailboxes across the state.
Fax him. Open both links for numbers & online fax site. https://twitter.com/mjbpgh/status/826979499711557639 … and
Pittsburgh 412-803-3504
Scranton 570-941-3544
Johnstown 814-266-5973 http://www.faxzero.com  Put a PA zip on ur fax
On it! Thanks!
Trump's order is a thinly veiled attempt to deny entry to Muslims. Disgraceful and un-American.
I this order was really intended to keep out terrorists, why not Egypt, Saudi Arabia, & Turkey? Trump's conflict of interest.
The executive office has not clarified and they have not APOLOGIZED to those that were "inconvenienced" - they deserve that much
pat, frankly this is part line garbage the order is garbage you're turning out to have no spine
How dare you call yourself an American. True Americans stand for Justice and freedom. You are a puppet. Try answering your phone
Coward
as one of your constituents, I am ashamed of you. Who do you really serve because it's definitely not Pennsylvania citizens
Fewer immigrants killed native Americans than were killed by children who found their parents' gun.  Yes, immigrants. no, guns.
#impeach this reckless incompetent #PutinPuppet
ANSWER YOUR PHONES!
The Muslim ban is un-American, & will hurt women/children fleeing sexual & domestic violence in war-torn countries #NoMuslimBan
PLEASE! URGENT! Hard working, dedicated teachers are depending on you to VOTE NO for Betsy for Sec of State
Please keep doing what's right for us and do not vote for Devos as the Secretary of Education!
Thank you for supporting the POTUS and looking out for our safety. I don't get the politicians who care more for non-citizens.
Why are you so afraid of Trump?  You have the Koch brothers behind you, they are richer than Trump.  Be a man.
I appreciate your criticism of this president + wish it would be more forceful. Pls take a stand for all the immigrants in PA.
Your voicemail box is full/line busy so I am expressing my dissent with your affirmative statement regarding the "SAFE" act here.
This is a non-answer, a coward’s words. This order is wrong and you know it. You just don’t care.
The ban is foolish, and so are you if you think banning Muslims is okay. #NoBanNoWall
Why don't you stand up against places were real terror happens like Saudi Arabia, Syria, Russia
When was the last terrorist attack from a citizen of one of those countries?
you stand for anything? Or are you just so afraid of expressing an original idea that you remain silent in the face of injustice?
Press the President to think through consequences before acting. He's ignoring experienced people. Beware Bannon.
disappointing response sir. I thought u had a spine to stand up to a dictator. I know who won't be getting any more votes from me
please do NOT vote for Betsey DeVos for Secretary of Education!!!
What was wrong with the 18-24 month vetting that was already in place? Why did families have to go through turmoil this weekend?
You and other Senate Repubs better be planning to impeach Trump at first opportunity…
Do you really think this ban makes us safer, or are you just going along w the other sheep? The ban is a security DISASTER
please reject the inclusion of Bannon in the NSC -- he has no security experience and tremendously irrational politics!#NoBannon
firing of Yates wrong. Bannon's is running the White House
I am disappointed by your choice to remain "silent" & support religious discrimination, shame on you for your cowardice.
...what are you doing to help them?
You said lawful permanent residents should be allowed entry. There are people aboard who are still not home...
Amazing you edited out my comments about cabinet positions. This worries me more than you voting for them
Saudis funded Bin Laden, Pakistan hid him. Pakistan still aids taliban 16 Saudis funded by Saudis killed over 4000 Americans 9/11
while you are learning more, what will you do to protect our (your constituents) constitutional rights? #MuslimBan
Not good enough by a long shot.
This statement says nothing except that all you are about are your own interests.
This irreparably damages America! No longer beacon of hope, liberty, and decency. Ashamed of you and anyone who supports this
please do not vote for Devos. Her experience is not commensurate to the position
you were so outspoken about the abuse of power during Obamas EO. Why are you silent now?
hubby ex counterterrorism FBI, says this is a major threat to national security
Trump is incompetent. He must be impeached.  Don't be a coward. Talk it up.
Time to step up and speak out against @realDonaldTrump and Bannon. They are making America weaker - morally and militarily.
won't even address the giant #TuesdayswithToomey protests outside of his office. He was not elected to hide from constituents.
vote NO on Betsy DeVos! She is unqualified to head the Department of education.
... You did not demonstrate concern for those families harmed. Please, STAND UP TO TRUMP!!!
EO was poorly thought out, he did not consult appropriate others. Did it to please his base, no true concern for safety of USA...
, I'm from West Pittston and believe this is not strong enough. The EO will make us LESS SAFE and is a boon to ISIS recruitment.
.@SenToomey Pathetic. Aren't you sore from riding that fence? Ban is shameful & un-American. Clear your voicemails & listen to constituents!
Senator since you are not answering your phone I wanted to request that you vote no on Trumps nominees a few should be in jail
Wish you had gone further to condemn the ugliness of this order. Why aren't countries where Trump does business being banned?!
clean out your voicemail! Your constituents can't reach you! #disgrace
Maybe your voters don't care about unabashed, shameless falsehoods. Or maybe they do. We'll find out in 2022. We'll remember.
Ok so HOw MANY. terrorists have entered the country under the guise as a refugee?? How many in Europe did the same???  Facts pls
http://www.politico.com/story/2015/10/gop-senate-barack-obama-cotton-214700 … #AlternativeFacts #PatToomeySays #ToomeySoScared #Cronyism #Integrity #Accountability #truth #FactsMatter
"“We did not inflict this kind of obstructionism on President Obama,” added Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.)" #ThisIsWhatALiarLooksLike
Every lie you tell to support Trump is memorialized. Anti-Trump Voters will never forget them. So, which group is more numerous?
Trump won Pennsylvania by approx. 100k votes. You're making a -bold- gambit casting your lot with him. Will PA stay pro-Trump?
I'm going to make sure I stay in Pa. just to vote you out.
U Disagree with Senator Tom Cotton? “In divided government, one critical check that the Senate has is the power of confirmation.”
For someone who opposes big government, you sure seem to support creating new bureaucracies.
Please allow your constituents to get through to your office phones so we can discuss this!
and, PLEASE do what you can to #stopsessions and #StopPresidentBannon!
FYI, In light of your recent lies,I'll be following you and helping to publicize your known falsehoods nationwide. #TheResistance
This is less of a lie than your falsehood about cabinet confirmations,but still a flaccid proclamation #Integrity #Accountability
HUGE demonstration today outside of your Pgh office!!! We WILL NOT go away.
Remember Toomey Midterms 2018. VOTE NO for these picks or PA voters will vote NO for you! I'm a PA voter

so do you remember 3 daw ago when you said #holocaustremembrance #neverforget ??  Did you forget already??
I disagree strongly! Stand up to Trump! Your constituents are watching! #NoWall #NoBan #Resist #NotMyPresident
so glad I moved back to PA. Can't wait to vote you out.
If you vote yes to Session or DeVos we will vote No to you, it won't be a close election this round. you will be gone.
Your statement is misguided. Stop being a patsy. You're playing into Bannon's agenda. Speak up for what's right; revoke the ban!
U r supposed to be OUR independent voice for #Pennsylvania. The #ban breaches American ideals. The ban exempts christians. Sad.
We do need to be vigilant. There's not been one incident of domestic terrorism from people from those countries. Pres. overeach.
We already have the most stringent vetting process.  We need our elected leaders to stand up to this nonsense not support it.
#senatorswithoutspines ur constituents are at ur door.
no religious tests? When did you change your mind? Disappointed.
You should read the definition of a Fascist posted by Maria Rodale on Facebook.  It is a text book description of your President.
I'm ashamed that you even represent our state! Condemn the Dems but cowar to Trump. Some leader you are
the democrats taking a stand is exactly what we want from America. You should take note!

As usual, Toomey takes no stand, instead talking both sides in an effort to insulate himself.  The "ban" does not make us safer.
Toomey "completely unprecedented level of obstruction"??? American people expect Senate to stand for them. Support your people!
That's disappointing
Grow a spine.  Pennsylvanians elected you as a check against Hillary Clinton.  Be the same against Donald Trump.
have you no spine? We are all watching and 2018 is coming up fast.
Vote NO to Sessions nomination!!! We're all watching
.@SenToomey I'd rather see your statement on what you plan to do about this irrational and dangerous administration. Bannon = Goebbels
You're a coward who stifles the voices of his constituents. U work for ALL of us, not just the ones you agree with! HEAR US!
while upholding policies that are actively hurting them. What happened to working with and representing the people?
Why is it that every time I try to call your office I get immediately disconnected? Not right to ignore your constituents...
U do NO we R keeping tabs U REFUSE 2 protect the constitution The GOP gang is what UR part of Cheetos goes so do U #TheResistance
YOU NNED TO CLEAR YOUR VOICEMAILS. You constituents can't let their voices be heard if you don't pick up the phone!
answer your phones and clear your voice mailbox
Apparently he can't clear his mailbox because of the high volume of calls, which take priority, so that's something
called all offices, busy full VM. Never any answer. YOU WORK FOR US.
To suggest democrats are obstructing and republicans didn't is the biggest joke and alternative fact so far.  #ShameOnYou
Do you approve of and support teaching Plagiarism? If you do, vote for DeVos, if not, do what is right for a change and vote NO.
