Amount of fans from other NFL teams. As a Yinzer/Steelers fan I speak for many when I say thank you for the love #HereWeGo
Well said Lynsey
Thank you!
Most welcome!
I have dreamed a dream and now that dream has been taken away from me
Any of you nerds shitting yourself?  @ksustin89 @msaxe88 @MJA1080 @ShockerSara
and here I thought someone was just tracking mud through the building huh

Dan Rooney was a man who LIVED the 'Golden Rule' and used his power & influence to ensure that his Peers did likewise.
RIP Mr Rooney.
Rest in peace !
In team hotel elevator in Detroit, my Nana mentioned to Mr Rooney we were looking for church. He invited us to team services. 
Wow! Great memory.
Small kind gesture that wasn't necessary but my family will never forget.
@R.I.P. Mr. Rooney
RIP To a sports legend . Greatest owner of all time
Will be missed by all
WV
As an @Ravens fan, just want to send out condolences and prayers to the Rooney family and Steeler nation. 
I'm sorry Rooney
@Big Browns fan, Hopefully The Haslems learned something from the Rooney's, as they strive to be the owner Art was.
I had to save that :( #RIPDanRooney
RIP Mr Rooney!
YEAH GO STEELERS
The Greatest!!!. Steeler Nation Salutes You Mr. Rooney
Where are your town hall meetings?Nice to hold phone meetings IN ADDITION,but they do not substitute for the real face-to-face. Do your job!
RIP
Rip
RIP Mr. Rooney...One of the great ones will truly be missed.
Great man will be miss alot
He came, achieved, enjoyed and now gone. Goodbye jolly fellow.
God Bless the Family..
RIP
im a die hard Cowboy fan but Im so so sorry for the loss of a great man. An absolute legend.
Thank you from a diehard Steeler fan
So am i
Another piece of the NFL fabric has passed .. RIP, Mr. Rooney
I'm a huge @Patriots fan, but have always had considerable respect and admiration for the entire Rooney family. My condolences.
RIP from the Dawg Pound
good morning
Packers fan here wanting to give my condolences to the Rooney family, the Steelers organisation and to all the great Steelers fan.
REST RIP TO THISGRATE GUY MR.ROONEY OF OLD AGE THE BEST IN ALL TIMES NEVER WILL BE FORGOTTEN ALWAYS IN HISTORY BE WITH GOD IS LOVE
You were the best owner of all time now someone else has to take your place #RIPMrRooney 
 RIP and sorry for your loss to all his friends and family 
Condolences from a die hard @Browns fan
@MacMiller RIP
RIP Mr.Rooney
Steeler nation thanks Mr. Rooney for what he has built!!!!!  RIP
RIP Dan Rooney #hometowngirl thanks for your down to earth attitude & Love of the game. #PittsburghProud #SteelerNation
will always remember Dan Rooney! GoSteelers!
My prayers are with the Rooney family to help though this time of loss
#RIPMrRooney 
Bye boss
Mr. Rooney was such a good person that people actually WANTED to play for him. God bless you sir! 
منهو ذا
رئيس مجلس لادارة فريق كرة قدم امريكيه فطس بعد ٨٤ سنه 
هههههههههههههههههههههههههههههه ايقالك امريكي لكن شكرا على المعلومه اللي ماله فايده
العفو انا اسباني منب امريكي لاتغلط شف البايو وين هوبه مولود
والله لا انت اسباني ولا امريكي  زبال
لاتخلين اغلط عليك وانا مروق
لا خلاص
جوعان متى يفتحن المطاعم
Thoughts & prayers.

#RIP Mr. Rooney.  A class act!
What a great loss . RIP Mr. Rooney
rip 
One of the great owners from one of the grwt families in football. #Salute #RIP
Thank You, Mr. Rooney.

R   I   P.
nothing but love and respect.  We lost a great man yesterday! RIP

RIP DANIEL ROONEY
Rest in peace Mr. Rooney
He was a good one.
Champion of Life!
You will be missed Mr. Rooney.  RIP. My prayers are with the family and the entire Steelers organization.
God bless the entire Steelers family in your loss. Mr. Rooney was one of the great ones.
RIP DanRooney Thank You and Prayers to your entire Rooney Family #steelersnation #respect #legend
Very sad day yesterday. #SN4L
Steelers will win number seven this upcoming season and will dedicate it to Mr. Rooney. I'm saying it right now.
#Damn
Rip Mr. Rooney until we meet again
The fact that he was known by so many simply as "Mr. Rooney" speaks volumes. RIP, thanks for all, and give our regards to The Chief.
R.I.P Dan Rooney... You were a Legend to the Steel City!#DanRooneyRIP#steelers#steelernation
Dan Rooney. Great man and role model. Wonderful neighbor! Advocate for fair employment @CCACAlerts @steelers @PittsburghPG @QuentinBullock
Much love and condolences to a great family. 
Sincerely,
A Ravens fan.
@NFLonFOX  otro magnate que se va al cielo y nos deja sus riquezas... Aleluya
RIP Mr Rooney
Thank you Mr Rooney for all the amazing years and 6 Super Bowls. You are a legend and will be missed.
Rip Mr rooney
A kind and gentle man May you Rest In Peace. Pittsburgh will miss you 
Thank you Mr Rooney for all you have done!  RIP.

Rest In Peace Mr Rooney, God bless.
A great man, a great leader who saw only people, not color. Thats a special quality that so many people lack.
From the #CowboysNation to the @steelers and the Rooney family we send our condolences. Class act franchise with a class act owner. 
Win it for Rooney
Rest in Peace Mr. Rooney.
If the Steelers needed more motivation this season, this is it.  to his family. RIP Mr Rooney
@NFLonFOX RIP Dan
qepd
#respect #condolences
Total Class !!
Sorry for your loss.
@Giants fans mourning the loss of Mr. Rooney. He and his family helped shape the NFL. A great man who will be missed. #Steelers #Rooney
My deepest condolences to the Rooney family, the @steelers organization and to all #SteelersNation.
Rest in Peace
When god made D.R he knew what he was doing now he took him because he needs a good man beside him and he took a great one see you n heaven
God Bless
legends come down to
RIP from Skins Nation
Gracias por todo...
Karen Mcqueen - so sorry May God bless Dan Rooney his family friends The Steelers players strength thru this sad time ,Prayers for all you
RIP MR. ROONEY
I can't believe he's gone.... my family has been following the Steelers since they were created and I think they donated some money at first
Condolences to the Rooney family!
RIP from the ramily 
R.I.P. Mr. Rooney from @Eagles fans everywhere.
RIP
I'm a huge @Patriots fan, but have always had considerable respect and admiration for the steelers family. My condolences.
Rest In Peace Mr Rooney
...
Like Art , he will be sadly missed . Thanks for the great ride , Dan !
Like
rooney took millions in welfare from people of pgh to pay for stadium while he kept millions in profits.  isnt that a con man?
God bless his family. A hole that will be hard to fill. 
A true gent and those of us from Newry his ancestoral home will miss him greatly. Chuid eile i siochain, Dan. Sympathy to Patricia & family
RIP Dan Rooney and condolences to the Rooney family and Steeler Nation #RESPECT
Condolences from Ireland

RIP Mr. Rooney. You will be missed by all of Steelers nation. #SteelersNation #Steelers #RIP
Prayers of peace and comfort for the family and the entire franchise. Rest easy Mr Rooney. You are loved and will be missed by many.
Three times the politician you will ever be.
From my family to yours, our thoughts and prayers are for you. Such a great man!
Time to bring #7 home next season. #stairwaytoheaven #stairwaytoseven #thisonesforDanRooney #restinpeace #superbowl #champs #motivation

r.i.p mr Rooney
The only owner to bring the team, the city, and the fans all family. RIP Mr. Rooney and waive that Terrible Towel in heaven.
To the steelers and the Rooney family from a raider fan we lost a great one mad respect RIP Dan
My condolences to whole entire Rooney family and organization. #RIPDanRooney.
R.I.P Dan Rooney my deepest sympthathies go out to the Rooney family. Steeler nation has lost a beloved family member.
Respect.
Great man, he will be missed  !
Triste
Sorry for the loss i will always remember Mr Pittsburgh
@katemara #RooneyMara my deepest condolences to you and your family. 
Rest In Peace Mr.Dan Rooney
RIP from this lifelong Chicago Bears fan! Rooney was excellent for the league. Praying for Steeler Nation
Another sad day for Steeler Nation and the City of Pittsburgh
R.I.P.  Mr Rooney I did not know you personally but you will be missed.
@_BigBen7 #RIPDanRooney
Rest in peace Mr. Rooney.
Sad to hear of that. Him and Al Davis two of the best owners in NFL history.
Thank you Mr Rooney for letting the fans feel a part of the family
Rip Mr. Rooney... not one of but the best owner in the History of the League!
@docllv RIP
"No one is actually dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away. -Terry Pratchett.  Thank you Mr. Rooney. #SteelersNation
The Steelers Nation will miss you.  Condolences to your family at this time.
He will be missed by all.
Salute and Godspeed to Mr. Rooney what a great man on and off the field. RIP sir #Salute
R.I.P
I pray for Steelers Future and more important for NFL &no man mr Rooney was class act&Gentleman # I'm so sad over his death&hope NFL survive
Thank you Mr. Rooney
May you rest peacefully
Rest In Peace, Mr Rooney.
Sad news for steelers and Pittsburgh plus NFL &Sad for all-America & My Condolesne to Mr Rooney family on his passing & Great man &Class act
Sad day for Steeler fans !! RIP
Class act
lol
R I P  Mr Rooney

May he R.I.P. He will never be forgotten! His memory will live on forever
RIP. Mr. Rooney  & Prompt recovery for the Family 
Rest in peace
hasta siempre Dan...
# peace and prayers from this Ravens fan, folding wings in total respect and prayer
@IshmaleKirksey He will be missed very much by all the Steelers Fan and Players and Coach RIP Dan Rooney
Life long Dolphins fan, and a life long respect for a first class organization and family! Sad to hear! #DanRooney  #PittsburghSteelers
RIP MR.ROONEY#BUCNATIONJERSEYCITY A GREAT MAN A PIONEER
Prayers for the Rooney family and the Steeler organization. Thank you Mr. Rooney!!
Words can't express our sorrow, we will always remember him. My condolences to the Rooney family and the team
True legend
Condolences to the family and friends of Mr rooney.
RIP from a true football and Dolphins fanatic.
Huge @ChicagoBears fan here, I wish we had an owner like rooney, RIP
An original
Condolences to the Rooney family, the Steelers & their fans. A sad day in the @NFL RIP Mr Rooney 
As a Raven's fan I hate the Steelers on the field, but respect the organization and the Rooney family. Prayers.

RIP mr Rooney.
From Gang Green, would have loved to have had an owner of your football smarts. But you were an even better man
He was so wonderful with the Steelers players. He will be missed. 
RIP Mr. Rooney and may your family be comforted and find peace 
RIP Dan. We'll miss you #RIPDanRooney
RIP Mr Rooney. You will be missed
RIP 
All football fans are sad
thoughts are with you
I've bled BlacknGold for 45 years. Its been an honor to root for a team lead by the Rooney family! May God comfort you now! RIP Mr. Rooney!
Great man!
Prayers for him and his family 
