Get it together man, our country is under attack. How will you respond? #ucanprotectpeopleANDpets #doyourjob
you should be so protective of women and children. Bigot.
Why don't you go after chump for rolling back animal cruelty laws then?
Why u vote yes for H-Joint Res 69 which passed 3/21? TOTALLY inhumane on Alaska Wildlife,is a unsporting practice
House Joint Resolution69 allows Wolf families killed @their dens,Bears chased by planes in Alaska.Why u vote yes?
If I film a senior citizen starving to death will you introduce a bill to save #MealsonWheels
I'm sure plenty of charitable people are donating to the organization.
are you now.....show me YOUR charitable gifts.....
Show me yours.
I thought so
I was considering playing the "YOU can contribute" card on you.
What about the name-calling and demonization of the opponents fetish?
I guess it's cool that he's against crushing animals for sexual gratification. What about human rights like ACA?
#RepealAndReplace of the ACA is in the best interest of human rights.
Such moral bravery in standing up for the obvious. But on seniors, the sick, the poor who will die: cowardice.
Finally something we can agree on. Now about leaving our seniors poor, w/o health insurance, stealing SS ...
So this is what you do with your time? Why not try a real issue? Or spend time listening to your constituents?
Mulvaney said school lunches don't help kids!  Taught 35 years and KNOW it does!!  Republicans = heartless fools
Everyone wants to stop animal torture, but many Republicans are against Medicaid expansion and Meals on Wheels
They're not against Meals on Wheels. They just don't believe it should be federally funded (i.e. by taxpayers, like you & me).
Actually, CDBG funding, supposedly for MOW, isn't directly going to the program, but to pork-barrel spending and business cronies.
Hear Hear!
Or how about this: staffers who don't record constituent phone calls? Or a senator who won't hold a town hall?
That's cowardly, not cruelty.
Thank you for seeking to criminalize these horrible acts. I can't believe people could be so evil.
Protect animals all around. Should vote no for HJR 69  While you voting no....NO to repeal #aca .
Vote YES to repeal #ACA. Replace it w/ something that allows for #freemarket healthcare.
let's starve all those senior citizens but damn protect the puppies , it's called priorities sir
OK...how exactly does @SenToomey plan to starve the senior citizens?
While you're at it criminalize bestiality nationwide!
big on sending people to prison? You voted yes to killing hibernating wolves and bears. An Obama protection
cheap stunt by phooney. This does not stop the mentally ill you allowed to buy guns. The NRA paid you 6 million
What about the trump middle class crushing ????? Yu against that ?????
Town hall meetings so we can express our distain for what you are NOT doing!!
so will you hold some town halls if we all promise to bring our pets?
Worthy cause, but little more than a distraction when you are advocating inhumanity to humans by gutting ACA
With all the issues Americans face, this is your focus? Really . . . Try answering your phone to get some ideas.
do something useful
This "GOP hates the poor" joke is getting really old. No wonder the left is losing. And will lose more in 2018. Name-calling/slander fetish.
Yes! Why don't you come to a townhall and tell us about it.
thank you giving animals a voice.  Now if only you can give poor folks a voice
Thank you , Senator Toomey!
Now we're counting on you to oppose the American Health Care Act!
Oh look, one thing we agree on. Yet you don't care about the animals that'll die on Pruitt's watch.
So glad you're so soft-hearted. Now could you start worrying about our kids' education and health?
it ought to be a crime to take from the poor to give to the rich, but that's what Trumpcare & Trump's budget do.
You care more about pets than your constituents
What is ur stance on proposed cuts to education & programs like Meals on Wheels? No compassion for kids or elderly? #trumpbudget
#goldenshowers should be a federal crime too. #russiagate #impeachtrump
too bad he isn't as worried about what tRump is doing to the country.
Thanks for supporting the obvious and easy. Now healthcare!
Tell Ryan Zinke to STOP ALLOWING lead ammunition on Federal Lands. Animals are dying horrible deaths.
can't argue against this, but there are way more pressing matters right now. Wth? #russia #healthcare  #budget
Vote NO to Judge Gorsuch for Supreme. His personal/financial ties to Multi-Multi-BIllionaire Anschutz not good.
It ought to be a federal crime to cut funding for heating assistance to the poor, too. #saveLIHEAP
So we've finally found something care about?  So if there was a fetish for starving seniors and children...?
great vote to cut people's health insurance, and education, focus on animalsidiot
Priorities
So...crushing the poor and those in need to healthcare good...but, crushing puppies is bad.  Weird, figured republicans would be into it.
Would you guys stop with the "Pat Toomey & Republicans hate the poor" talking points! You know, you're only sabotaging your own credibility.
How about you come and talk to us Pa citizens face to face like a man???Your party is ruining my country!!!
fantastic but what about crushing students under debt and crushing folks over health premiums?
Why not a town hall so we can point out other small issues that may need your attention, like: clean air/water, healthcare,etcetc
I'm comforted that you find cruelty to be bad!  Now start looking out for people too!  Trump's budget is absurd!
Wow, what a bold stance. Such fearless leadership.
For once I am in TOTAL AGREEMENT!!!! Propose and get legislation on this passed.
don't forget ACA is a federal law not a federal crime
Thank you for this! It's very important! Please look after the people you represent as well & stand up to Trump!
your bill is unconstitutional. So much for your oath of office.
I agree!
Phones work yet or are they off when thousands of your constituents want to voice their dissent? #neverDevos
I support this measure.  Now, about the budget, White House connections to Russia, Trump/Kushner kleptocracy ...
at least we can agree on this.
I'm concerned about your fetish for punishing your constituents who aren't millionaires.
You know what's "blatantly inhumane and astonishingly cruel”? The GOP agenda. Speak up, senator!
how about you speak out about the current Russia scandal
I agree, but what about the cruelty of betraying PA residents to benefit the donor class?
Agree. What aslo cruel is to continue H-1B visa programs that desimates US high-skilled workers and graduated.
make accusing former president of felony a crime, punishable by impeachment. You lemming!
Thank you for this bill!!! So important. Now, let's take care of the humans!
Try worrying about your constituents who will lose their healthcare. I'm from 15239, not paid & care abt people
Great. Now what about the "screw everybody but the rich" fetish of GOP Pres? Toomey doing anything about that?
Toomey is one of the rich.
WHAT IS YOUR TAKE on the budget? have not heard anything
More cruelty: banning well-vetted refugees. Defunding the EPA. Or HUD. Or CDC.
Than you for that. WHAT IS YOUR VOTE on healthcare? Have not heard anything
Cruelty is sad, isn't it? Like when a rich man takes health care away from his constituents. Or Meals on Wheels.
We agree on this. Also vote against allowing kills of hibernating bears and wolf pups and allowing leg traps
