Quit trying to look like trump and wear a tie.
Still no update on a town hall (in person, w/ notice). You work for US, Senator Toomey @WhatsPatUpTo @TuesdaysToomey
Another reminder why you are the worst Senator in the history of our great Commonwealth! We are Penn State & we will tell 10 people today!
Will u stop this? U wanted2kick them off Heath Insurance,so prolly not. U could tho, actually help elderly Americans
When is your next town hall, you have some explaining to do, senator. #RealPA 19027 #CowardlyToomey #UnfitToServe
@SenToomey is afraid to face #realPA Has not for YEARS, will only appear on FB or radio #TuesdayswithToomey #Indivisible #Resist
And yet u have time for this and can't meet with your constituents. What is wrong with you or your staff to post this? @penn_state u shldCk
Toomey I am a constituent and I want you to do a IN PERSON TOWN HALL and stop hiding from your constituents! YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO WORK FOR US
Did you talk about Sessions' reversal of anti discrimination laws to further destroy opportunities for minority students!
When are your PA constituents going to have a face to face townhall meeting with you?
I'm a small biz owner. Without the ACA, I'd have to close my biz. Senator, you are NOT doing great work for startups in PA.
Town Hall For All. Address the issues Mr T.
Your a HERO
To who?  He gives his votes to the highest bidder.
To me i got him every time
What has he done for you?
Got a 5000 loan donation. Skool got my Class A CDL
Yeah.  And that is worth all of us being treated like crap.  Enjoy your gift.

That's...stupid.  And I'm not sure exactly what you wrote but "school" is where you were supposed to get an education.
Invoke the 25th Amendment...NOW !!!
Anyone is foolish enough to be photographed under that light and then POST it is NOT wise enough to be my senator. FYI #theCowardToomey
Know what makes creating a start up much more possible? Knowing you can afford to keep health insurance.
You're a traitor to PA. Resign!
Startups better get big fast, cause he don't care about you until you are
How about using the ACA for all senators! It will make you and your republican friends make it even better instead of repealing @SenToomey
We voted for you to get the Presidents' agenda working for MAGA. So far you are doing the job, I believe. McCain is screwing up. SHAMEONHIM
@SenToomey . Yeah, great! Hope they don't need health insurance. #ACA works.
when a senator shows up at a small business for photo op, makes me suspicious of that business.????
#cowardtooney when will you face us so that you know what your constituents want? Stop hiding behind the party.
Where can we find your schedule of town halls? As one of your constituents and your employer, I'm interested in what is going on.
Why did you vote for Betsy Devos?
ACA gave start ups and other small businesses, Uber, and many 1099 workers certainty to be entrepreneurs.  Bipartisan fix now! @SenBobCasey
Support the RAISE ACT
How about a town hall while you are in recess? It has been awhile in the Philly area. Afraid to face us?
How large a contribution did these ppl hafta shell out to get you to leave DC?
i hear you have a start up call "I will ignore the will of the voters, and support what that lobbyist told me to". 
Please resign.
This captures the confusion. You work for us, not people who buy your vote. Enough. Stop hiding and meet your constituents #ToomeyTownhall
Ok, #SpinelessCoward, you come to PA & don't hold a townhall like you promised but pander to big business again? Shocked! #PinkSlipIsComing
You look like you're trying to sell us an extended warranty.
Thank you @SenToomey  keep up the fight! Support @realDonaldTrump!!!! @realDonaldTrump 2020!!!
When are you going to "start up" having live, in-person town halls Senator Toomey?!

You ARE NOT Penn State. As an alum I can assure you We care about people in PA, something you've made clear you don't give a damn about.
Do nothing Toomey, nothing to help Trump and nothing for the people of Pa can't wait to see him go.
Please start standing up for POTUS.
Pennsylvanians are concerned about the future of their healthcare and today, justice dept. proposed limits on freedom of the press!
How about working with the Dems to fix the ACA?How about a single payer system? How about taking the profit motive out of healthcare?
Hold a town hall!
do u agree w the smearing of career government officials? Do u think Deep State is out to get u/tRump? R u a "R"or a tRumpster? Can't tell
You are not welcome here
They help small business, you hurt it. Guess we all so our parts jackass.
I pray you are not a member of the Deep State
whats a short sighted sellout like you Pat ? . Who votes to drill oil in the ONLY untouched  fed'l owned Arctic wildlife refuge ? YOU Pat.
What a fraud you are. Voted YES to : repeal environmental protections barring oil & nat. gas drilling in federal protected wildlife refuges
Except fixing healthcare for entrepreneurs
Wow a 13 second clip! Great work afraid to hold a #TownHall ?? Come to #Pittsburgh
Were there actually people in that room you were talking to? You won't have town halls or man you phones so I'd be really amazed.
Where is the August TH you promised?
To the person/s posting @SenToomey's tweets, I hope he is giving you a cut of his corrupt money. At least you are sort of working with us.
How about you pack your own "launchbox" and hold a town hall.
Could you once not vote as strictly a party patsy and reflect the wants and needs of constituents?
Boy, what's it like to be do actively useless?
Pat I am surprised you knew how to get anywhere in the state!
Pat how about town halls? Nope good ole Pat is taking field trips instead...
#ToomeyTownHall
Wow a 13 second video! You're insignificant, your attempts at being relevant are a joke at the expense of PA! So what about that Grand Jury?
TOWN HALL, scaredy pants. YOU work for US (for now... you WROTE failed BCRA & PA will remember how you turned on us).
If only the residents of PA could get you to do a good job for us instead of he highest bidders.

They would have given you space for a town hall im sure
Now that you are on recess,  when will you have real in person Town hall meetings with your constituents?
Delete your account
Unlike Comrade Trump!
Why did you vote to confirm Betsy Devos?
Probably because she "donated" a hell of a lot of money to him.  This guys a crook.
You don't talk to your constituents
You make videos like this pretending to be involved, you aren't
You should be ashamed
We see you
Maybe you will skip your next field trip and answer to your constituents at a town hall
Is this how you do town halls now senator?
Sadly yes! A 13 second video!
When will craven @SenToomey do a town hall?

Watch this Canadian doctor own a GOP senator on universal health care in 2014 

Spare a thought today for the million kids in Yemen starving and afflicted by polio and cholera 

From the bombs we flee from the Sea we rise #Syria 



#Syria might not be in the news any more but the planes still fill the sky and the bombs they drop are still killing and maiming thousands 
Wow, you're in PA?
Town hall.

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/bill-browders-testimony-to-the-senate-judiciary-committee/534864/ … Everyone!! Blow up this article with likes/retweets!!!! This is what Putin wants to turn the US into!!! #TrumpRussia
