Instead of making America great, Trump's budget will 'Make America Hungry, Poor, Homeless, Unhealthy, and Uneducated' . . . Please say no.
How can you sleep at night?
Have you learned nothing from the last 2 times trickle-down economics was tried under GOO President? Didn't work. Fix income inequality.
Will you be having a town hall during your recess?
Why does congress have so many recesses?! If teachers/nurses/social workers had that many days off, congress would be vocally critical.
You need to pass the budget, Pat!  What more to Republicans need?  The house, the senate, the presidency.. if not, pls make way for others
Who's gonna grow with this: corporate bottom line or little kids and babies who have healthcare and nutrition?
Remember the largest employer in Pittsburgh is UPMC? Job lose will with that new budget will create a depression
Don't continue to be blinded by dollars for the rich. People need affordable healthcare.
Mulvaney is a drugged out shitbag.
Give more money to the wealthy you mean
Could you explain the giant math error in your budget to us at a town hall Senator?
Your ideas are simply bad for most people and are not supported by real economists. You are supposed to be representing PA residents.
Gimmicks do not a budget make. Trickle down has never ever worked. We've been fed this lie since Reagan and each attempt has failed. If ...
you want growth, put more money in the hands of the poor and middle class. They are the ones who will spend and drive manufacturing. There..
is great evidence that tax cuts for the rich sit in accounts worth billions and billions. Limit CEO pay to no more that 100x their lowest...
paid employee. Watch wages increase and tax collection increase and buying increase and manufacturing increase.
Please stop using your position for profit. That will hurt a majority of your constituents.
The sad part is that he's selling us out for chump change, the PA voters are worth only pennies to POS @SenToomey
You're talking about the bogus trickle down economics which has been proven not to work but it's very self serving for those at the top!
Why won't you meet with PA residents in a town hall?
Poo wittle Toomey can't be asked to actually do his job. He's a lazy disgusting loser who won't face the people he's screwing over.
Kansas is an example of a pro-growth state. How’d those tax cuts go? You are stealing from the poor and disabled to give cuts to the wealthy
The super-rich don't need help--they're suprer-rich. It's the rest of us that do. #trickledown
the 3% tax growth is impossible to get thru regressive tax cuts. Stop making trillion dollar mistakes that will destroy our country!
How bout no fed tax on first 50K of income??
Trickle Down, Part II? No thanks
Do not pass the heartless con called TrumpCare.  It is beyond horrible and is not a solution to the problem.
Trump's tax reform will cause PA residents to pay more in taxes through elimination of state/local/health taxes deductible. Vote no!
Still waiting for your townhall schedule to be released.  You are on constituent outreach recess.... Talk with us
Senate calendar says "May 29 - Jun 2 State Work Period, Memorial Day- May 29". So not fundraising, not golfing, not vacation... Talk to us
When will you stop blindly following a president that is an embarrassing disgrace to the country.
Lovin' those Kochs and Mercers, eh, Pat? Cha ching Anyone else just a dope with a vote
Is your idea giving huge tax breaks to the wealthy? Trickle down does not work!
How much is your tax break senator?    I say, in the words of 45, you're fired.
Compare coverage of recent political developments on Fox w/ almost everywhere else; we’re talking North Korea levels of alternative reality
Sweet, take from the POOR (ACA, Medicaid, Medicare) and give to the RICH. I see why YOU like it @SenToomey  #1pctLovesToomey  #VeryChristian
Psssst, Russia!
How about a town hall? We want to see you in person!
That $2 trillion math error would flunk a 1st year econ major. And you people are running this country?
Don't you think you'd get more tax revenue if you made the rich pay their fair share?
"I can't wait for billionaire tax cuts to trickle down to me!" --Trumpettes
You suck
Hold a live, in-person townhall and discuss your ideas with your constituents, instead of just posting about them.
Found a new way to screw the middle class? Why has every gop plan involved tax cuts for the rich?
Old ideas that have always failed. Debt grows under Republicans every time so rich friends collect interest. @phillydotcom @nytimes @mcall
Yes pro growth tax reform for the middle class to grow the middle class! Trickle down does not work you buffoon!
Mulvaney only supports gutting every beneficial program the federal government runs. Think about your constituents for once
CBO report??  Despicable, amoral.Let's give tax breaks to the insurance mega rich..or $$DeVoss$$, who gave you thousands to get her job.
Take lesson from Charlie Dent who first listens to his constituents before blabbing to Mulvaney! You're such a pathetic excuse for a leader
You're a traitor to your constituents in your support of this vile budget rewarding the rich at the expense of seniors and poor!

Must-watch. @JoeNBC rips into Republicans: "Why do the Republicans keep looking into cameras and lie?" 
warren buffet sez health care is a bigger deal then taxes , i believe that
Let's start with Mulvaney is an ass and you really should reconsider this.
Tax cuts for the 1% while slashing aid to tax paying people in need is not pro-growth!
by giving more money to the rich and big corporations who can then send more payola to you. #onthetaketoomey
Let's talk about it in person!
Wrong. Try again.
He's  letting  the  working  class survive   because  he needs slave labor.
to the  wealthy  and cutting  off funding  for  health  care and food for millions including  elderly ,  disabled ,  veterans , children .
Germany  had the gas chamber. We have Congress   and Senate  and this Administration  who  is giving  tax breaks  in the billions
Why not bring that tax proposal & the HC bill to a REAL face to face town hall, senator?  You owe your constituents that, and then some.
Just 1 less F-35A (doesn't work) or 1 less Abram MIA2 (Army doesn't want) would feed a lot of hungry children Senator.
I'm old enough to recognize "Trickledown economics" when I see it. It didn't work then, and it won't work now. Only the wealthy will benefit
This budget penalizes children, low- and middle income Americans, and the environment. Only the wealthy benefit.
Like every idea you ever proposed, it's a horrible idea for everyone but you. You are a self righteous egotistical windbag who hates Pa.
As a PA resident, I do not support this budget that takes so much from those in our society that need our help.
How about a town hall for us Pennsylvania folks?  At your recess? Please?
Howd you get to be so ignorant on so many issues?
Do you live in a cave?  Didn't you see him turn his back on our allies today?
And the hardship that families will endure.
And the homelessness that will proliferate.
The only growth that budget will provide is of the cancer that will go untreated.
Taking away from those most in need to give millionaires a tax break is not progrowth, it's irresponsible @SenToomey #dotherightthing
Your constituents do not! Your idea of tax reform is tax breaks for the rich and greater burdens on poor and middle class families!
Do you support my idea of appearing at a town hall or two during the upcoming recess? Your constituents deserve to be heard!!!
Yeah pro growth for the rich, like you - the rest of us get screwed
You ought to be ashamed of yourself. Cut taxes on rich, take healthcare away from the poor.
I fail to see how defunding the arts, Medicare and Medicaid are pro-growth If people have less to spend won't the economy contract? #bad
absurd manipulation of numbers and dangerous rhetoric. How can you support this rot??
Been there. Done that. Reaganomics, remember? Rich got richer. Poor got poorer. And the middle class got nowhere.
Liar.  This is all about giving your wealthy masters what they want.  The rich get richer and the rest of us get screwed. #shameonyou
#firetoomey

Republicans want to let robocallers spam your voicemail http://wapo.st/2rE5Z3m 
Every singe republican tribe policy is designed to benefit the wealthy
You and all members of your tribe are actively engaged in class warfare- you are all reverse Robin Hoods stealing from the poor...
Two clueless people working together should be a ton of laughs.
RI called and asked, "Won't you come home Pat Toomey, won't you come home?"
Let me guess. Does it involve tax cuts for the wealthy? @tuesdayswithtoomey
You all are wrong. History supports that high taxes on wealthy and higher wages for workers leads to growth in jobs
Getting people well off enough to not NEED services should be focus; why are you focused on making sure they CAN'T GET services??
Your doing math wrong.
What is your idea?  Is this a director appointed by Cheezy?
I thought conservatives were the kinds of politicians who only put forth budgets that were balanced in reality. Why do you support this one?
u sir, are a hack
Your meaningless slogans will not produce a strong economy.  Do you really believe PA and US citizens are dumb enough to believe you?
Why did we have a brief economic surge then recession during the trickledown and deregulation craze that Dems fixed and Repubs ruined again?
Let me guess...tax breaks for rich also called bullshit trickle down economics
By bankrupting the middle class?
Why did we have strong economic growth from late 40s into 70s when people could retire at 62 with social security, Medicare & pension?
Why did we have strong economic growth from the late 40s all the way into the 70s when antitrust laws kept companies from becoming monoliths
Why did we have strong economic growth from the late 40s all the way into the 70s when we had strong labor unions and a high minimum wage?
Why did we have strong economic growth from the late 40s all the way into the 70s when income tax was progressive and topped ot at 90%?
Why did we have strong economic growth from the late 40s all the way into the 70s when banks and companies were tightly regulated?
Didn't work in the 80s, the 90s, and won't work now.  The only thing "trickling down" is the piss from the ultra wealthy. You know that.
You are a traitor to hard working middle class in PA that you BEGGED for their vote !! Lining the pockets of the wealthy and crippling poor.
Oh, so Mulvaney supports your idea? So this terrible budget is your idea? Good to know for next time I vote for Senator.
No. People before profit.
Preaching to choir, you're constituents don't want this. Rich get even richer, especially those who bought your seat in Senate.We r watching
Trump Budget Plan and AHCA are tax cuts for wealthy and scourge for American older middle/low income residents. @CongressmanGT @SenBobCasey
Do you ever get tired of being wrong, do ever consider the people you're suppose to represent? You're are so hated, shame on you
Since trickle down worked so well in the past
I have too many questions to ask you on Twitter. Your voters are asking for a town hall to ask you in person. Are you afraid of us?
Oh hey. I disagree. Let's talk about it. At a town hall.
Mulvaney can't add. You really want him in your corner. Saying that does not instill confidence in you. We all know u r bought and paid for
Are u going to hold a town hall so we can all discuss what we want? Doing for the ppl who voted for u. Not the ones who paid 4 ur campaign
What is the idea? Calling ssdi recipients thieves/slashing funds? That's not a plan for reducing fraud-that's cruelty #disabledlivesmatter
U achieve growth by putting more money in wallets of working class who then spend it; not to wealthy who don't spend as much. Talk2economist
How about you explain it in person, at a town hall, to people who might not be so sympathetic-like your constituents?
Trickle down economics has never ever worked. GOP have tried this since Reagan and failed every time.
Aren't u tried of nothing but 90% negative responses to ur tweets, doesn't that tell u something about what a bad job ur doing? U that dense
The same Mulvaney that was joking about 'going easy on millionaires'? Look, @SenToomey, being poor or w/o healthcare isn't funny.
Ur such a tRump bootlick. Trickle down does not work, been tried & failed. These companies will just give their CEOs bigger bonuses #resist
This budget is bad and you should feel bad.
How about you guys fix the math first then maybe I'll listen to you. Even then it's a plan to benefit the wealthy
Reviving the economy would mean supporting the middle class.  Nothing the rebublicans have offered will do that.   Quite the opposite.
Gee, for some reason I just don't believe you. We are tired of lies, we just won't tolerate it anymore.
Bull! People who need help get help, those who don't don't. Seniors, poor moms, the sick, medical research..all kicked to curb. Grow a pair
Sadly you're wasting your time!
Thank you for not helping anyone at all, except maybe the 1%.
Your Constituents do not support this budget, ACA repeal or anything from Trump. Investigate #trumprussia #trumptaxes #ImpeachTrump
In addition 2 ur other failures of voter representation feel free 2 add #Mulvanomics. 2 trillion$ math error. Let'm balance ur checkbook.
Jobs are created when then there is demand, not when rich get tax breaks. Middle class spending grows economy, so breaks should go to them
Then you are part of this craziness..a nut jo
NUT JOB who runs from his constituents
You disgust me every day.
What are your ideas on providing comprehensive affordable healthcare, quality public education, essential social services for all Americans?
why didn't you discuss it with your constituents first, then tell Mulvaney what you heard?  oh wait, thats because you wont meet with us
Resign Pat
Did U know that investing in quality education for kids help reduces crime and improves the economy? That includes poor kids! #kidsdeserveit
now let's hear an idea that doesn't involve making 24 million americans go without healthcare.
GOP killing more Americans than ISIS
Hey Pat, you understand that Mulvaney presented a budget with a 2 trillion dollar error, right?  Not sure his math skills are the best...
"Pro-Growth" How will people grow out of being hungry when you cut saftey nets?
Another fallacy the 4.5% will take jobs. Hello? The Jobs are not paying a livable wage, so single moms etc still need safety net.
Maybe you could explain your idea in detail at a Town Hall. In person.
average tax break will be $800.  What the heck can we do with that?  Again, GOP makes sure the rich make out like bandits. Stop insulting us
How will the government respond if corporations return tax savings to investors and executives instead of reinvesting in American workers?
Trickle down does not work! Ask Reagan, ask Bush!
The only problem is the @POTUS's budget *hopes* for economic growth, but does nothing to make it happen.
"i've got all this extra money from tax cuts, i think i'll create some jobs!" - Nobody Ever
You are uninformed. Corporate greed is the reason the economy is not growing. Were a Consumer based economy. The Consumer has to have $$$$.
Raise minimum wage!!!
Might try and explain it to that dunce @SenBobCasey over in the Senate. Talk about a negative Nancy!!
Maybe you could explain how tax cuts for the rich & cutting funding for safety net programs helps anyone but the rich?
Define "safety net" and for whom?
I'd love to know how hiking the rates on the poor and cutting the rates of the rich will help at all.
Your vision is to cut meals in wheels and the social safety net so that the Walton can get billions more?

I feel sorry for you.
