.@SenToomey I am thankful for their service but wish YOU would step up and serve.
I guess Senator Toomey can't know what #RealPA thinks unless he actually meets with us. If he cares about PA, he should hold a town hall! 
Let's recap Sen Toomey's month:
• voted to sell constituents' private data
• voted to weaken labor rights
How is any of this good for PA?
He's voted 100% in line with GOP
I'm not much of a Toomey fan, wish he actually voted as a conservative instead of just campaigning as a conservative.
Why won't you meet with your constituents? They're waiting at your office. YOU work for THEM. You've forgotten that.
You should read the replies to ur tweets. Your constituents think you suck and you sell us out
500,000 veterans depend on Meals on Wheels. Trump & Republicans are taking funds away from it. GOP bad .
you sold your soul today Sir
Such an obsession with the military. Feel bad for these Vietnam vets that are part of the war machine. They went to war for no reason
Why did Toomey and Meehan vote yes to S.J.Res. 34? Do they like the idea of losing internet privacy?
Senator please let us know where you will publicly be posting YOUR private information. You won't meet but you will sell out ur people
Nice to see you put the $ 63,000 Comcast paid you to sell out our privacy to good use
Put that with 62,000 DeVos paid him to sell our children's futures and his pockets are bulging!
Of all the bullshit wastes of time...
@RepMeehan So how many Vietnam veteran's are receiving Meals On Wheels that you were ready to defund w trump care?
thank you for selling out every Pennsylvania internet user
when will u honor us by talking to us, your constituents. #toomeymia
Why are you not bragging about the monies you get.  Why do you need campaign money at all?  You'll get lots in 6 yrs
Toomey sold out Americans privacy in exchange for $143,456 You are rotten for healthcare & privacy rights
Thank you @SenBobCasey for voting no to S J Res 34! Maybe you will be our President someday!
Stop hanging out with DeVos. It's every day. Two words.
Do you know where Erie, PA is???  Even the Erie Times News is wondering.  Throwing $$$ at us won't work anymore; your name is tainted.
@PAGOP How did they find you to sign the bill?  .. since you're always hiding like a #coward !
Hiding again   Under a bill for our great veterans. You sold out PA and country to Comcast. No excuse.
yeah and the older ones you took meals on wheels away from them. I guess they don't need food anyway! Wth
Then why did @realDonaldTrump demand that the vets selling wares near his D.C. hotel be removed. Do u care?
I am going to do everything in my power to make sure you will not get re-elected.
I am a vet..will do all I can do to have 2ME not returned on next vote
you are all awful. Don't use a vet bill to make yourself look good. That's just disgusting.
yeah but what do they actually get? Better care. End vet homelessness?
are you going to see that Vietnam veterans have homes, food, medical care? They don't need a DAY!!
We all know you don't care about your constituents but you could at least pretend!
Honor the service of Vets who fought for freedom by voting to allow companies to sell our private info!  Thanks Pat
supporting the undoing of internet privacy is WRONG! are you going to pass a law saying if my info is used I get paid?
are you grateful for the environmental rollbacks too? Will you be grateful when PA loses its clean air and water?
We need an independent Judiciary branch. @SenToomey, as your constituent, I urge you to #StopGorsuch. #weobject
That took a lot of courage.
#onthetaketoomey received $143000 from Comcast to sell out your internet privacy
.. Is Toomey still alive?? They sent out a search party for him in Pennsylvania!
that's your bill?  What else are you doing besides not responding to constituents?
thanks for ignoring your constituents and selling out our privacy. How about that town hall?
As am I. Salute. Sadly u also voted 2 allow Internet serv providers 2 sell their personal data. What worthy group needed that? ☆
your failure to serve or even address constituents is criminal dereliction of your responsibilities.  #onthetaketoomey
What about the middle class Toomey. When will you help us. Liars
How about holding a town hall?
such a lame, shallow bill. Yay, flags. Meanwhile prez says McCain isn't a war hero and STDs were his vietnam.
That's cool, but maybe you should spend more time not selling PA's search history out. You know that means you too, right?
Meanwhile selling out the privacy of the constituents you won't even meet with. Let's see YOUR browser history Pat!
oh dear..mr do nothing repub senator and showcasing a nothing bill!    Two words. Town Hall!!!
God Bless You Senator & our Prez/VP for honoring America's finest heroes w/#VietnamVeteransDay!This day is precious.
.@SenToomey @mediapanews @POTUS @VP I assume you guys are all super pumped about taking our online privacy away from us too. Great job!
Everyone needs a VPN, and DNS not with their internet provider. Help others with this.
Ya'll need to stand up for democracy w/independent special prosecutor & select cmte. to investigate Russian collusion w/tRump - if u r 4Vets
that's great? Want to hang out in Philly and we can congratulate you on it?
you sold us out big time to the telecommunications co.for $143000...Pay to play Toomey
You do realize that vets need to breathe clean air and drink clean water, right? How is defunding EPA honoring them?
he'll probably vote to defund the VA and throw the vets on the mercy of the private insurance market.
Maybe he'll fool with Medicare some of the Vietnam vets use and cut their benefits.
Thank you for not protecting my privacy.  Sell out!
your a terrible senator and stop using the honorable men and women as shields for politics. Come talk to pple in PA
kthx for selling my internet history cuck
How about a town hall in Phila area. How about defending the constitution. How about showing some courage.
He's scared of Philly.
What about the US vets who have been deported? Are they not worthy of your honor, too?
have a town hall and talk to them then. And everyone else.
