No Gorsuch vote until Trump TREASON resolved
That won't happen. Gorsuch will be approved Friday.
independent prosecution for Russian involvement of the President and his past and current staff is required.
Have fun
VOTE HIM OUT@SenToomey sold out Americans to gut #BroadbandPrivacy rules & let ISPs sell peoples private data to marketers w/o permission.
I would like to listen to you at at town hall meeting. COWARD
Dems demanding Reps suddenly uphold their values. What a joke. Ex-DNC members r organizing these town-hall acts. Where were u election day?
Why was Garland never granted a hearing? Willing to meet in DC in lieu of Town Hall - have requested a meeting
Because they have no obligation to give him one. It's one of the benefits of not pissing people off enough that they lose the Congress.
.@SenToomey @mikepintekKDKA Why did Senator Toomey vote for ISPs to buy constituents' data? We know what's in his
Preview of @SenToomey's own browser history: 
You need 2 listen 2 constituents: Fix ACA; Ind investigation of DT/Russ; No SCOTUS vote until it's over; Nunes, Sessions must go.
not one Republican is Asking for an Investigation into Clintons ties to Uranium One, why? Uranium Ine is owned by Russians
when are you going to hold a Town Hall. #realPA wants to see you in person. We will "see" you tomorrow @TuesdaysToomey
Why, Dems trying 2 stage more chaotic town-hall meetings?If dem values were more important than conservative we wouldn't have a Rep senator.
Has the US ceded leadership in addressing climate change - to China? #dirtynewfuture
Republicans have been sabotaging Obamacare, but the public knows it will always be better than Trumpcare
1. So Ryan maneuvered to sabotage Obamacare before election, caused premiums to rise to hurt Clinton, now blaming Dems for #TrumpcareFail https://twitter.com/khanoisseur/status/780514813994598400 …
please insist on Independent Russia Investigation! Pres, Cabinet, Congressmen &WH staff seem  Compromised. What are you doing?
He's upholding what the people who voted for him want. Democrats don't get to make demands to Republicans to change their values.
@mikepintekKDKA is an @sshole. He is a typical liberal cut callers off and only wants to hear what he agrees with.
TOOMEY GOT PAID$143,456 TO SELL YOUR PRIVATE INTERNET BROWSER HISTORY TO COMPANIES. That's how much you are worth
thanks for selling our data. Another vote of yours bought, this time by Comcast. At least we have @SenBobCasey looking out for us
I bet your approval rating is 36% just like your puppet master. Start representing ALL of your constituents since you barely won
no body  wants to hear anything you have to  say Toomey #Toomeywatch
This interview makes me sick - total amnesia about a stolen Supreme Court seat. You need to face your constituents, slime-ball!
Stop a healthcare system whose costs are spiraling out of control.  Much longer and no AHCA, ACA, etc. will help of any help!
GLAD THAT PPLE ARE PUSHING BACK ON YOUR TERRIBLE REPRESENTATION OF PA @SenBobCasey can't wait to vote&campaign 4u
Where were you people on election day?
Thanks Appreciated   interview & your commitment to get back to drawing board on Repeal keeping 7yr promise
@SenBobCasey
How about having a town hall meeting!  What are you hiding or afraid of? Better enjoy your last term in office!
Guess we can find out if #SJR34 passes. Hopefully, the @HouseGOP & @HouseDemocrats vote no to #SJRes34
wow, you will do everything but meet with your constituents
@RepBrendanBoyle @SenCasey  when will white house visitor logs be available to public??
sometimes I almost forget how embarrassing it is that you're representing me, but then you speak. I'm disappointed by you
When will you announce your townhalls so you can speak directly with your constituents?
You mean organized protesters?
who do u really represent? Not your constituents. You have proven that repeatably. You should be ashamed.
You're telling me his 'yea' vote for #SJRes34 wasn't in Pennsylvanians best interest? You'd be right.
We better hope the House has more sense than @SenToomey on what's best for constituents. No to #SJR34 #SJRes34 #SenToomey2022
how about you answer your constituents' questions?!
In the way that your colleague Rubio undermined risk corridors HHS will seek to sabotage ACA in low profile ways. Own it.
The central flaw of ACA is placing insurance as an unnecessary profit making mediator between patient and provider. Conservative
IMPORTANT: You really do have to explain your policy positions and hear comments from constituents in person.
When will you come talk to your constituents in Philly? @TuesdaysToomey
I don't need to listen to this to know that it is more bullsh]t from weasel Toomey. I'm sick of you not answering my emails
.@SenToomey @mikepintekKDKA you certainly have a lot to answer for. like voting YES on a bill to sell our internet history. wtf dude!
When Verizon purchases my internet history, they will find that I think you're a shill for big business.
