Shouldn't we just hold off for the next administration? I mean, you really liked that constitution fuckery last time.
I DEMAND 60 VOTES TO CONFIRM GORSUCH!  A MAJORITY VOTE WILL NOT BE LEGITIMATE!!!!!
We do not need to confirm Gorsuch, we need to improve the ACA, and we need comprehensive immigration reform, not a wall, not a Muslim ban.
U do know Gorsuch has been plagiarizing his written options and  in the book he wrote. This is not a quality nominee.
How about you hold a town hall meeting and speak with PA voters on Merrick Garland, RyanTrumpLackOfCare, bombing Syria, and women,s issues?
#ConfirmGarland
No more confirmations, no more EOs until investigation complete. #Trumprussia #holdthefloor #NoGorsuch
Pbftttt
No on Gorsuch. No govt action 'til @POTUS releases his tax returns & divests from all conflicts of interests. #hearyourconstituents
NO to Gorsuch!
NO GORSUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gorsuch is out of the mainstream.  Find a consensus mainstream nominee.
#StopGorsuch
We needed to confirm Merrick Garland a year ago. Start doing right by us, your constituents.
You're wrong on every account. You don't deserve to be in office. Only a puppet for @GOP and corp. donors. Total disgrace to PA.
Well you can just explain all that tomorrow
You mean take health insurance for thousands of Pennsylvanians? If you duo that it will be your LAST term representing us. I promise.
Listened to your aye for #cloture #gorsuch. Listen to us to see the big picture of changing #senate rules to win a fight. #schoolyard
#GarlandNotGorsuch listen to your constituents. #doyourjob #realPA
No Pat.  Gorsuch is anti working class, pro-corporation, especially bad for disabled children, and a nominee of a criminally embattled Pres.
Gorsuch should not receive your vote, we deserve a candidate that can get majority approval, stop with the politics
NO!!
Sorry Pat our potus is under FBI probe for Treason w/Russia. Can't confirm a SCOTUS in an impeachment year. You will be voted out next term!
I say it again - please give your constituents a platform to speak
Useless
When will you start doing your job and actually represent the needs of PA residents? You seem to think you only answer to wealthy donors.
No Mr Toomey. No to Gorsuch. No to screened questions tele townhalls. You spend more time with the Kochs than with your constituents.
Sad that you think appearing in the safe space of this show replaces meeting your constituents...
Do not confirm Gorsuch.  If you answer or listened to ALL your constituents you would oppose this nominee. Remember Garland?
No he should not be confirmed it's a stolen seat you wouldn't even give Obama's a hearing let alone a vote. Bull dinky!
Xz
Will you be having a town hall this recess? Will #tuesdaywithtoomey actually be with @SenToomey?! Also NO on gorsuch #FilibusterGorsuch
you are an embarrassment!
baloney, u need to start reaffirming the rules of the land all this glad handing is embarrassing. Bob Traylor
@SenToomey You really DON'T listen to your constituents, do you?  But then you'd have to be available to us to LISTEN TO US #MIA
Find an acceptable candidate!
No plagiarists in the highest Court!
Here's an idea, talk to the people you represent not a radio show you cowardly excuse for a public official
You should speak with your constituents. You're going to destroy the Senate for a president with 34%approval rating after you stole the nom
Why  would you confirm a plagarist to sit on the SC? http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/327351-gorsuch-copied-from-other-writers-in-book-academic-article …
@GOP do not confirm a law breaker for SC
If you would listen to your constituents you wld know that we oppose Gosuch and all work with POTUS until Russiagate is settled. Phone home!
The fact that you HAVEN'T listened and continue to vote against our interests = you losing next election. We don't forget. Like elephants.
A 12506 constituent - deeply concerned by your votes that hurt PA families + the #SCOTUS. Please listen to us when we call/write.
I can't wait to vote you out.
Ummm, this isnt exactly breaking news..BUT.... 

We just elected him and in 2018 we will be voting out Casey. 
That. Is. Hilarious!!!  
You're NOT representing your Constituents! WE SAID NO NO NO on Gorsuch. You have to be the worst Senator in the history of PA!! #Resist
Do your job. Hold a #ToomeyTownHall
#ConfirmGorsuch
No vote while the president is under investigation!
No confirmation while Russia possibly controls the @WhiteHouse. Why can't you understand that? Too many $100 in your pocket? #FireToomey

Toomey campaigning and fighting for tax reforms, judge G and health care changes to benefit rich. No concern for Main Street!
You have completely and utterly discredited your self on anything and everything when you denied Merrick Garland a hearing!
did you discuss Gorsuch's prior rulings impacting negatively on special needs children and their right to receive a quality education? #fail
Arrogant
Sadly he can not listen to his constituents. He is a R mouthpiece #REALPA
Who is your "sponsor" in your support of Gorsuch? Lord knows you don't support anything for free.
Gorsch is your kinda guy, serves the interests of the wealthy plutocracy like Anschutz, not the constitution.
Merrick Garland deserved the courtesy of a hearing and you wouldn't do it. You are a disgrace to PA--no conscience or decency just partisan.
I DEMAND A 60 VOTE TO CONFIRM JUSTICES!!! Stand for your constitutes for once and maybe dig yourself out of he hole you are in!

Thanks for not representing your constituents.
Gorsuch should NOT be confirmed with a cloud hanging over the Trump admin. Do your job for the people of PA not what your $donors. #realPA
WE DONT BENEFIT FROM CLIMATE change DENYING HERITAGE FOUNDATION&RACIST MERCER FAM LIKE u & #gorsuch DO!!17 million ads what Rthey getting?
How about speaking to your constituents?
Don't change the rules 4 Gorsuch. Should meet 60 vote threshold. Garland denied a hearing. DT under investigation. Stand up 4 what's right!
You're such a coward.
Nope
If you have any sense of fairness then you know Gorsuch should not be confirmed. This is Garland's seat to win or lose.
The so called president is under FBI investigation! Why the fuck should any of his agenda be accepted? GOP are complicit in this mess #EFFU
Once again completely ignoring your constituents you Trump toady.
You've heard from me a lot, but you're not listening. Do not confirm plagerizer Gorsuch and leave the ACA alone. Impeach Trump. #Russia
You can talk to radio shows, but not constituents. You don't represent us & embarrassment to the entire state of #Pennsylvania! #DoYourJob
Every time you tweet, it's nothing more than another opportunity to ridicule you. Whatever intern operates this account knows that, right?
I'm considering publishing his Twitter account comments in a full page ad in the Poconos record
@SenBobCasey @TheDemocrats have some guts Senator Toomey and confirm Merrick Garland. Gorsuch would not make an appropriate SCOTUS
I love the philly skyline. It's not the biggest but it's perfect. The new buildings that reach the sky only add to the perfection.
Care to speak with us about those same things, Senator, at a town hall, in those sanctuary cities. Check with your donors, see if it is ok
Yes...I'm one of your constituents & I would like to discuss & share my concerns...when is the town hall  @SenBobCasey has scheduled one!
Why did you run for Senate if you don't want to listen to the people and act in the best interest of the voters you represent?
Vote no
Why did you vote to confirm Betsy Devos when you got thousands of calls from voters in Pennsylvania asking you not to?
Toomey is in so many pockets...he is ignoring the will of his constituents.
Why did you vote to sell our internet browsing history to the highest bidder? Which constituent asked you to do that?
Dear Toomey the Tool: we need to vote #NoOnGorsuch

And you need to listen to your constituents.
#MerrickGarland should be on the Supreme Court, which the GOP denied. #NoOnGorsuch
Why blow up the filibuster to confirm? Extreme and unnecessary. Court can function with 8 judges. Why not wait for consensus nominee?
How can you speak for us if you won't speak with us, Senator? Please hold a town hall and get to know the people you are paid to represent.
