So nice of you to talk about tax reform. Maybe you missed shake-ups at NSC, Trump praising Putin (AGAIN), & Tillerson refusing $$ for Russia
Tweet should read fake public servant on fake news Channel
Because I don't have the guts to face real constituents
Will you be LIVE townHALL  I can show you what  BURNED out shell looks like  Complete w/ REAL BURNS &  bring picture of TOMBSTONE Of Mom Sis
yeah did a bang up job trying to repeal aca and screwing the middle class now time to try screwing us with tax cuts for the 1%
Are you going to release your health care plan for America - better cheaper for all Americans -still waiting-IT WOULD PASS 100 - 0 in senate
It's important to spend time tongue bathing the five rich people who keep you employed.
Would love to know you are committed to fixing the ACA by working with your colleagues across the aisle.
IMPEACH TRUMP for the love of God before he DESTROYS this country.
Nope.
Hold a town hall
Resign
I guess it's going to be more of the same w/ you - feed the rich and screw the rest.  How much do you owe the Koch bros?  Must be a lot.
definition of tax reform: how to make your friends even richer and benefit from that move.
The only thing I will watch is you resigning from office or being led away to prison.
You'll also be unemployed at the end of your term.
No he won't, he'll be well employed at any number of corporations he's currently representing instead of his constituents
He says he's for 2 term senate limit, just trying to set legislation up for return to Wall St.
Will you be hosting any public events about your plans for #TaxReform?
Actual tax reform like closing the carried interest loophole or just more giveaways to people who won't notice them?
Fire Bob Mueller!!!
Wake up and smell the coffee- you are supporting a criminal when you support Trump. This makes you guilty too.
Go back in hiding. You don't have time for your constituents, we don't have time for you.
How about working for PA instead of Koch?
will U show us how by cutting taxes for the rich you will shrink the budget and cutting 32 million from health care is good for the USA SAD
You call tax cuts for your rich friends and corporation #taxreform?  yeah, ok.
Turns out we CAN save the planet  &  Economy: A #ClimateSolution where all sides can win TED talk Watch/share:
Be a firebrand in the Senate Sen Pat for tax reform. This is the time for GOP to shine. @realDonaldTrump
Any REAL LIVE TOWN HALLS planned for this vacation time? We want to shake the hand of one of the 13 trying to take away OUR Healthcare #MAGA
Forget being on media where your constituents cannot interact with you! have a live town hall with your constituents! Yep, it takes courage.
Thx 4 ur interest in the Economy. # 1 issue is finacial & human cost of fossil fuel to  pls read & #ActOnClimate http://sciencedirect.com/science/articl …
Tune in to us & have a real town hall.  We'd love to discuss subjects in person. We insist on speaking English. Not Russian.
Of course another Fox GOP run media. Don't US that this is reform, this is a tax cut for the WEALTHY 
You could maybe try discussing with your constituents instead? Eliminate the middle man?
You could have a town hall at a convention center anywhere in pa and talk to real people who pay your wages its august .
but we don't pay as much as he gets from lobbyists.
Why is it always on @FoxNews the nations #fake news entertainment channel. #propaganda at it's finest. How about a #TownHall ?
When will you be scheduling public #ToomeyTownHalls? You're a #PublicServant, not a pundit. @mcall
Serious idea Sen Toomey: eliminate the lowest tax bracket for ALL. No fed taxes until 15 k.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/secret-service-vacates-trump-tower-command-post-in-lease-dispute-with-presidents-company/2017/08/03/7338de16-785d-11e7-8f39-eeb7d3a2d304_story.html?tid=ss_tw-amp&utm_term=.4603f0e014d3 … Are you at all concerned about Trump's lies (Boy Scouts, Mexico will pay for wall) & his profits off US taxpayers?
Another boon to the rich burden to the middle, and bust for the poor.
I hope that you are going to meet with your constituents, too. See how that's working out? #wheresToomey
How about taking time to meet with the people you are "supposed" to serve, the citizens of Pennsylvania, as big a crook as trump, evil man~
I'm guessing the popularity for this will match the popularity of the healthcare bill you tried to ram down our throats--85% against!
Ur PAY & that of GOPs s/be cut proportionally to tax cuts to the rich & cut again in proportion to the increase in taxes to the middle class
How do you move on to tax reform when you failed to deal with healthcare which accounts for one sixth of our GDP?
Sorry I missed that! Sounds as exciting as buying lunchmeat.
Why not hold a TH so everyone can ask questions?
Tell me, what do you know about tax reform other than "bigly" tax cuts for the rich. Why not discuss this at a town hall.
Maria gets to discuss with you. Maria, aka Money Honey, who isn't a resident of Pennsylvania and is on Fox News payroll. A waste time & $.
This is a tax bill to lower tax on corporations. Private sectors good right??, except when it tanks our economy. Remember 2008 bailout
Call @SenToomey
Hope you'll finally speak out against Trump. Find a spine. NO PENNSYLVANIAN's money for halfassed wall. Trump LIED again
How about a #TownHall In #philly.  You voted yes on #BetsyDeVos and #wealthcare    WE NEED TO TALK
No Thank you.  Same old same old. How about a town hall with your constituents?  Face to face.
Thank you for supporting significant tax increases for the wealthy.
Abolish school tax
You can't get through your head that no one in PA wants to know what you think!  Tax cuts will only serve to make your contributors richer!
I hope you resign
It would be much more informative and interesting if you discussed #TaxReform (i.e., tax cuts for the very rich) with @mariabamfoo.
So we can hear you speak about more tax cuts for your personal bankers, the Koch Bros? No thanks. See you at the next town hall? Guess not
So, we should watch you on TV bc you'll never visit Philly in person? BTW, support the bill to protect Mueller's investigation. Speak out
When will you appear in a town hall with constituents?  Why are you scared of the people?
Town hall plz in Philly
Tax reform aka huge tax cut for the rich!
WOULD BERN NICE IF CONGRESS WOULD STAY IN DC AND FIX, SOMETHING, ANYTHING!
@Why? You never listen to your constituents anyway.
Being on a Fox show is NOT meeting your constituency. You consistantly avoid your constituency! HOLD TOWN HALLS! It's your JOB!

Too chicken to hold a town hall!
We need Healthcare, tax reform, immigration reform. I hope Congress is going to work through August to get these done!
Sorry, don't watch propaganda news.
I'm sure your "reform" will benefit the Koch bros & big $ since you're their rep and not ours #KochSucker #CowardToomey
Translation: "I'll be lying on @MorningsMaria @ 7:30". You're a waterboy for Trump and a coward.
moving on from trying to take away people's healthcare, to handouts for the wealthy, i see…
Discuss???   Not with your constituents!!
Well, that's a brave Senator. Talking at us again. #townhall #timidpattoomey
Well you couldn't take away our HC, I guess you'll get your revenge with taxes. Also, do your job & hold a town hall.
How bout you be "live" for a town hall with your constituents??
Don't hold your breath, you'll turn blue.  He doesn't work for us, just big money.
How about you stop talking to fox and you get your ass to Philly to talk to your constituents?
The GOP is led by a guy who lied about:Boy Scouts,calling the WH a dump,Mexico calling & his collusion Russia. So no, not watching u lie
It is the only way we get to hear from you since you ignore our phone calls and refuse to hold a town hall.
Could you try another network sometime?
Sorry I missed this. The Koch brothers consider you one of their "champions." Do you agree with their libertarian agenda and strategy?
You're not cutting taxes for the rich right? Every time the GOP cuts taxes for the rich it crashes the economy & hurts the middle class.
But I still refuse to hold town halls in person with the voters of Pennsylvania.
How about meeting with us in person? We'll all be happy to tune in for that. Thanks!
The last thing you should be discussing with your Koch money is tax reform. Thanks for the insult.
I listen with as much rapt attention as you listen to your constituents.
http://Trickle.Down.Does.Not.Work .   But then again, you helped devise the defeated healthcare bill... Always trying to stick it to the middle class.
So you tweeted this at 7:30, but you were also live at 7:30? Wizardry! WB/Scranton area would LOVE a town hall.
Gee I missed it. Let's have a Town Hall instead. You know - where your constituents can actually talk back to you
Your beating a dead horse it's over! Fix the affordable care act!
You'll never get tax reform done
Hold a town hall you shitgibbon
Hope you'll have that August town hall.
Glad to see you've moved on from repeal, but healthcare is still important. We need to REFORM and stabilize instead of undermining the #ACA.
Thanks for the notice, fucko.
How about tuning in to a town hall in philly?  Need directions?
What have the #kochbros dictated to you today? Make sure you say it exactly like they told you. #partyovercountry #moneyovercountry
Coward.
Why waste good tweet time when you and your cronies at Fox News lie and spread propaganda.
Trickle-down is not evidence based.
when are you going to discuss all the atrocities in the WH and when are you going to have a public town hall? Stop hiding from us you weasel
2-D Toomey. Think not. You are not my senator and that is not news.
2-D Toomey! I have to borrow that one!
Nope, watched the back of my eyelids.
How many days left until you are out of a job?
Go on a CREDIBLE news outlet/TownHall
#NoBackbonePaddy.
By discussion do you mean telling us what you are going to do regardless of what the majority of your constituents wants?
Come meet with us on person, I'll tune in to that.
How about you have a town hall instead
Think I will spend that time staring at a paperweight.
How about being live in a town hall in our state!!

zombies, robots? all responses to our honorable senator always the same. get a brain! get a life! twitter shud ban kindergarten dropouts.
More @GOP financial stupidity with tax reduction, debt increases, more borrowing enriching the wealthy at the expense of the world.
We tried our best to get him out of office last election..... not enough people saw the truth.
We must work to keep Senator Casey in 2018.
#SenToomey you have lost #republicans respect. You've failed to work with all of congress and are now a useless hack. Enough lies. Go home.
Wait, now you're a mouthpiece for tax reform? How about you stop for a minute, hold a town hall, and hear what your constituents want?
Will it be as unsuccessful as your healthcare reform fiasco? I bet it will!
Let me guess, Pat. Huge tax cuts for the wealthy and businesses, paid for by the working poor?
Watching. Get that 3.8% gone. Unreal. My back hurts. Sick of carrying.
Tax cut for the rich
How about a live, open, town hall in PA to discuss with constituents? Oh, that's right, you don't serve us.
Is this you practicing for the town halls you refuse to give?
You're an immoral liar supporting the traitor @realDonaldTrump.  Together you're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
Why not be live in the Lehigh Valley at a town hall?  That's your job.
You mean tax cuts for rich fat cats? Suffering for the rest of the nation? How about you fund healthcare.
Live , NOT IN PERSON, just live, Get ready for wealth tax cuts shoved down our throats.
Don't you mean you'll be discussing how to screw over the middle class and give your wealthy donors another tax cut?
Any plans on a real #townhall in Philly or are you still too chicken? I'm gonna go with still a coward. #coward #wherestoomey
I will see you when you are live at a REAL town hall in Allentown.  Then WE, the people, will discuss issues with you.
I hope it goes as well as ACA repeal
How are you going to help the people of PA? Usually your agenda is just for the Koch brothers and the Club for Growth.
When will you have a real town hall?  Not prescreened telephone questions.
A Trump rubber stamp on the Faux News propaganda outlet? I'll pass, thanks. Hold a real town hall. Answer your phones. Then we'll talk.
So you're having a hard time at your town halls?
Is it your constituents complaining or the Democrats?
Who will vote for you... maybe.
How about being live and holding a town hall meeting. Get out and see your people.
AND WE WILL FIGHT AGAINST THIS TOO.  YOU CRAZY RUSSIAN
