You know what else is a bipartisan idea? Showing up at town halls to talk to your constituents, you useless Muppet! #wheresToomey
He won't. @SenToomey is wealthy and only cares about the top 5%. He'll continue to dump the lower 95% until re-election time.
Yet how will you address people like my sons who will need lifetime care?  Just eff em for having a disability?
You no longer rep the people of PA. RESIGN NOW! #TimeToResignToomey #AlreadyTookTheMoney
If only the voters had taken this more seriously last November
Toomey will go back thousands of years to find anything that supports his deadly agenda! Yo Toomey this is 2017, let's talk solutions 4today
Per capital caps are a bad idea. Illness doesn't cap itself, so why should care? Do we cap law enforcement or fire fighting?
Get honest. You and 12 other rich men just got together behind closed doors and gave yourselves a bit tax break. This is not healthcare.
Despicable, deplorable, horrific!
If the issue of per capita caps stayed the same as the AHCA then this would be the actual outcome.
RT if you want Senator Toomey to stop hiding. We request a town hall - please listen to us. #VigilForOurLives #SaveMedicaid #TownHall
Town Hall Wednesday night in Harrisburg 7pm
Fact. The people who still support you either don't realize what you are doing or they are super rich.
The majority probably do not realize that these cuts will impact them.
20 years ago a LOT of things were different.Nothing the GOP do now is "bipartisan"...The past 5 GOP Pres. have been criminals. GOP did zero!
Which group of lobbyists wrote this for the GOP?
Your smoke and mirrors may fool your fans but here it is a huge tax break for the wealthy on the backs of the poor and middle class Liar
quit lying about Trumpcare. You know it's just a tax cut for your rich friends like the Koch's. You Suck!
The also put forward the idea of super predators-we learn from our mistakes
https://maplight.org/story/senators-drafting-secret-health-care-bill-backed-by-insurance-and-pharma-campaign-money/ …
I thought you were against abortions? Because your supporting this one.
I was too young to vote back then. I'm not now.
Note the word "was"?  Some people can learn from mistakes, others keep repeating them. Which type of person are you, sir?
Just as the whole ACA / Obamacare approach was Romney's bipartisan market-based approach. GOP Hypocrites. @SenToomey
Here is something thousands of years old that still applies today. Matthew 25:31–46
You're a hypocrite for pretending you are at all bipartisan.  You trot the word out only when you want Dems to give in on something.
The past does NOT equate 2 the present. I once thought eating sugar was fine. Now I do not. That does not mean I favor sugar in the present.
Right, so let's just stay stuck in the past. Dick. This is NOT a partisan issue, it's a human rights issue.
Toomey is a yes no matter what. Tweets, calls, protests, sad stories, insults, facts, and dead people are annoying but..he's a YES, move on
You wouldn't be supporting this if this was an election year for you. So maybe you should re evaluate your vote.
Senator, you do realize that people were still using dial up modems, when those folks agreed.... They have progressed, you have not
But I get it, your first priority is your donors, not your constituents
Considering he just won re-election, he has no reason to do anything other than push an agenda that bolsters the upper 5%.
Don't be sneaky! This entire bill is bad!!!
True and so was the ACA by the @GOP.  What happened to that. #DonorOwned
President Obama made it possible for many people to start small businesses and you Republicans now want to bankrupt us
Did you know your health care bill will bankrupt my small business?  You are making my premiums unaffordable.
yes Pat and when it was done, the number of people who were eligible and services provided were cruelly limited
That doesn't make jt right then or now. It met opposition then too.There are reasons it didn't fly before either.
Put a clinton in office and we'll talk
You sound like Trump casting blame on every one else. It's time for U  to do the right thing Reject #Trumpdeathcare
Stop mouthing partisan talking points and care about us, your constituents. Trumpcare will cost me coverage under Medicaid. I will die: fact
$350,000? You're a cheap date.
Reagan denied people health care through Medicaid cuts. They sued the government and won. Expect this again.
We will be starting a BODY COUNT of your victims if you get this crime against humanity passed. We will hold you personally accountable.
You know, today's congress doesn't collaborate like congress did back then. You are part of the obstruction Pat. Time for town meetings!
Publicly funded healthcare for all is also a bipartisan idea from the same era. No cherry picking bipartisan ideas Pat!
People will die because you shilled for this law with a smile on your face.
Medicaid caps tied to inflation, instead of faster-rising medical costs, means that people will not be able to afford their treatment.
Don't care who previously supported the idea. It's morally reprehensible to do this when the primary benefit is a tax break to wealthy.
Do not vote for this bad GOP bill
So was the individual mandate.
How do you sleep at night?
You have no credibility.
You are a disgrace to PA. This "heath care" plan is not in the best interest of your constituents. SHAME ON YOU
This is irrelevant and insulting. Either vote no, or just say what you believe: tax cuts for millionaires are more important than healthcare
Fake Healthcare will kill real Americans. #Trumpcare is like Trump Steaks -- an inferior product at an exorbitant price. #Wealthcare
there need to be caps!
So now you're bi-partisan???
Per capita caps are KILLERS.
Just like you.
Why do you hate your constituents?
#16412
This alone will devastate people's lives. Why do you keep talking about who's idea it was??
Name one Physician's group in favor of Trumpcare. Unlike Senators Dr's take an oath to do no harm. #trumpcare
That doesn't make them a good idea.
The individual mandate was once a Republican idea. Heritage Foundation tanked Hillarycare over it. Romney required it in MA. So there's that
It doesn't matter who proposed it or who supported it. Caps on healthcare will absolutely kill people. Your constituents need you to oppose.
Why do you attempt to blame past Democrats for your evil plan?  If it was bad then it is bad now
You have no credibility with us because you don't listen to us. A conversation goes both ways.
Myth v fact:
Fact-u have no intentions of listening to your constituents. Party before country. Read the bill? Know ur stats for ur state?
And most of ACA was republican ideas.
Dick
15217. Your mailbox is full and your healthcare proposal is immoral.
Where are you? Your constituents are trying to reach you! Are you out to lunch because you won't talk about this abhorrent health care bill?
I would take Arlen Spector any day.  It was published tonight on MSNBC Ins companies gave you $354,616. WOW. At least he had COURAGE.
Why does it matter if a BAD idea is bipartisan?
Seems like they learned better since then. If the greed of big pharma, big insurance was capped, then we could afford care for everyone.
Here's a revolutionary idea for us to learn more: Open debate.
Fact: Pat Toomey accepted $354,616 in campaign contributions from Health Insurance and Pharmaceutical Industries
Myth: Everything's going to be okay Fact: I'll more than likely lose medical coverage for suboxone
1. Medicaid expansion has led to a massive increase in the number of Medicaid prescriptions for buprenorphine, a medication considered by
2. many experts to be the "gold standard" for overcoming opioid addiction.
3. AHCA proposes rolling back the expansion by ending the government's commitment to provide funding for the expansion population
4. and preventing states from enrolling additional people under the expansion rules after 2020. Roughly $880 billion would be cut from
5. federal Medicaid spending and 14 million people would be likely be taken off the Medicaid rolls by 2026 under the proposed legislation,
6. according to the CBO report.
So pointing fingers > legislation that helps people. Thanks for making your priorities plain.
Not a single reply in favor of this bill. But hey at least it wasn't written by a woman or a black guy.
Trump Wealthcare. History will not remember this fondly.
FACT - you are a heartless KILLER. FACT - you want to give a huge tax break to the super rich. FACT - you have been bought.
BS
And the ACA was based on Repub proposals. You vote for this, and YOU, YOUR NAME, and EVERYONE ASSOCIATED WITH THAT INFAMY, will be despised
WHY? Do insurers get tax breaks on executive PAY over $500k? They get bonuses from profiteering. Said bonuses are then paid by taxpayers 2x!
If it's so great I assume it will stand up to scrutiny.  So why the rush to get it through senate?  I want time to read more than tweets
Name one Democrat that supports the American Health Cut Atrocity.
Well let's have a public hearing and debate! Why all the secrecy? If it's so good for us, prove it. #NoTrumpcare #coward
It's bad when democrats do it too. I wish both parties would stop trying to cut my austistic brother's healthcare
You will not be able to hide, duck your constituents as you do now. You are going to have to be in the public to debate, and we ill be there
Something's wrong when the mentally ill have an easier time getting a gun than therapy.
When you run for re-election. Think what happen to Rick Santorum when he was Senator, and he did not commit to his promises.
Myth You said you would stand up to Trump.
Fact: This is PA. We are going to make you suffer when your re-election time comes around.
Bad idea then, bad idea now.  We don't want this bill and you should be ashamed of yourself.

Now I don't like you.
Is that supposed to make it OK??
1. This was 20+ years ago, views evolve & change w the times 2. the idea failed (in part) b/c per-capital caps can't treat all states fairly
The individual mandate was a Republican idea
Why don't you post something that people who aren't lawyers can understand? Are you trying to confuse us?
Side note: I was referring to previous posts. This was straight forward.
No retweets pat. We see right through you.
So what?!? Your lies are still lies. And your disregard for the most vulnerable among us is still heartless & unacceptable.
Not relevant. 

This bill is crap and nobody wants it. Leave the ACA alone.
Block grants are also responsible for huge backlogs in Section 8. The wait list meant that I was homeless for several years...
... During that time, I had to place my daughter in foster care. The housing voucher would have been cheaper and kept our family together.
Hearings are where you get bipartisan ideas, like Dems did for ACA.
If not for the blue dress, Republican congress & @billclinton would have privatized Social Security & it would have been lost in 2008
it would have been lost in 2008 thanks to bipartisan deregulation
TANF was capped and block granted by Republican @billclinton and it is now a meaningless program with a 5 year lifetime cap and helps few.
Many of the Democrats that you mentioned are conservatives and some are Democrats in name only. Progressives are against caps.
Be realistic.  This proposal is over 20 years old.Different times and different circumstances. You've become one of he most partisan in DC.
Where is your tweet on health care?  Your a chicken and a waste! You DON'T work for the people!! Never did!!  
Caps on campaign contributions and spending. Because you happily take all the money you can in handouts to make cuts to the vulnerable
This a wealth transfer from the poor and middle class to give tax breaks to the rich. Despicable
Stop paying Defense Industry giants and start taking care of our citizens. Security begins with the welfare or your citizens.
It was meant as assistance BEFORE ACA! Clinton was president before Obama. Please check a history timeline before you attempt to confuse!
The ACA was a Republican idea, first proposed by the Heritage Foundation. Mitt Romney based MA healthcare system on it, Obama took national.
Seems like you're legislating to the dictates of a right wing media gone wild. They made ACA toxic b/c Dems enacted it. That took bravery.
Now all you can do is strip healthcare from millions, claim you are giving us "choice" (what choice is there when u can't afford?), cowards!
The choice to be wealthy or die. Didn't you get a fairy godmother? </s> The heartless @GOP could care less about choice. Money and power.
do you think a bipartisan agreement is the reason people are against this bill? The truth about this "myth" is irrelevant
2/ Sen Toomey, add ian amendment requiring all MoC to be covered by this tax cut "health insurance" plan, does nothing to make better now!
Toomey DO NOT VOTE FIR THIS MEAN BILL. As a leader you should protect the weak young sick and old ,not step on them to help the rich!!
Totally meaningless without context
Isn't this just "death panels" without the panel? They just kick in automatically when you run up a high enough bill.
FACT! It will not be Toomey's family suffering from Medicaid Cuts! If medicaid is cut so is Republican majority!
You know who supports it now? Not the American public...who will vote you out if you support this
Dont be accomplice to blood for money transaction
#THEREmoneyYOURlives
#manywilldie
#fewwillprofit
#DeadBefore2024
#600billion
#blood4money
It does not matter... They are wrong... You are an atrocity and a traitor to your constituents.  #Trumpcare #TrumpcareKills
Shame on you. Donors before constituents. Billionaires before babies.
Stop trying to justify this healthcare plan,we all know it's the rich that benefit
Horrible idea then, worse idea now.
You're awfully tweety all of a sudden. How about addressing these issues in a town hall?
Dear Sen. Toomey. Please vote against. There will be limitless suffering.
Note further that the economy of greater Pittsburgh will tank as it rests crucially on health care, and this will tear tens of thousands off
Hey Pat, even you have to admit that this carefully planned series of tweets was a big mistake. You can't polish this turd... Sorry, DOA!
YOUR CONSTITUENTS DO NOT WANT THIS BILL SO WHY ARE YOU SUPPORTING IT. YOU ARE A PUBLIC SERVANT NOT TRUMPS POOL BOY.
This is NOT about party for damn sake! Put our healthcare needs first and realize this bill attacks the sick and disabled from all sides?
THE BILL STILL SUCKS TOOMEY. DONT YOU GET IT, ITS A TAX BILL.
why don't you take the lead and cut the high salaries & bonuses & lobbying by health care cos. Should not be for profit.
and slavery was once illegal, Women weren't allowed to vote. Do what's right and quit looking 2 past for excuses.
Per capita caps means children born with chronic medical problems reach limits well before their 5th birthday.  #AmericanDeathCareAct  #ADCA
What about all the tax breaks for the rich at the expense of the poor taking away services to give to the rich you need to do the right thin
Answer your damn phone and listen to your constituents! No one wants this bill!
Then we found out that they do not work!! They leave he states short on money and hospitals and nursing centers broke!!!
This tweet has 3 likes and 82 comments (so far)  about how it is wrong. We know you don't care at all what your constituents think or want.
Wasn't that 20 years ago?  Times change get with it. This is supposed to be a new plan.
We need a town hall so you can hear your constituents, you seem to be out of touch. We care about humans not tax cuts for your cronies.
Senator since you are pushing this bill, I'm assuming you will be having multiple town halls to stand up for it? Please announce when.
Sorry for the people your support of this abomination will hurt, but I hope you feel the backlash in the coming months.
"I cannot support a piece of legislation that takes insurance away from tens of millions of Americans."--Sen. Dean Heller, Nevada (R)
And the ACA was originally a Republican idea.
You're just like 45 - full of yourself! Just do what's right for ALL Americans and stop bragging
Putting the word "bipartisan" on something doesn't make it morally right. Caps will kill people. That is wrong. #ProtectOurCare
I DEMAND SINGLE-PAYER MEDICARE FOR ALL. I DONT CARE WHAT CENTER-RIGHT, 3RD WAY DEMS HAVE SUPPORTED. ACA WAS FLAWED BUT BETTER THAN THIS JOKE
It was only flawed because paul Ryan took a billion dollars out of Medicare and never put it back. SABATAGE
Trans Pay to Play.
Right, just like Obamacare was was a bipartisan idea. See: Romneycare
Exactly, and the talking clowns on Fox spoiled the well, Romney couldn't even campaign on Romneycare. God forbid government help/serve pipl
And we had to ration sugar during World War II, what's your point? Things change.
Lie
But then they learned better!
Are you saying that @SenBobCasey is lying?
"Bipartisan" doesn't mean "morally acceptable" or even "fiscally feasible for most Americans" - quit making excuses for your AWFUL bill.
Fellow #GOP
Heller: It's a "lie" that Senate health bill would lower premiums. "There isn't anything in this bill that would lower premiums," he says
No one cares who originally liked the idea. No one likes it now except those who want to cut benefits to give the already rich tax cuts.
People evolve as they learn new information. You should try it.
Vote carefully because when people start dying in a few yrs, like when ur due for reelection, we wouldn't want anything to effect that, huh
777,000 of your people will lose insurance if you vote for this.  Let your constituents debate Trumpcare or lose their votes at the polls.
The MYTH is that this improves ANYTHING for ANY of us. It does dramatically lower taxes for the wealthy.
It does increase premiums & penalties that go to the insurance companies. Those are some of the FACTS.
Thanks for the giant tax cut, Pat!  Screw the elderly, the sick and the poor, they can serve us at the club!
15084 STOP trying to convince US & YOURSELF that ur support of what amounts to the systematic murder of the poor is right and just.
I feel sorry for the intern who had to come up with this stupid color scheme to make your lies look pretty.
How about you show us ONE fact that benefits us in the senate bill? Just ONE thing that helps us and not the wealthy & insurance Co's?
Nice try
