He lied through his teeth to get ratings and now he and GOP will continue the tyranny...including you.
wait, you can think?  Like, all by yourself?  Strange......
HOLD TOWN HALL. 19094 here. Not paid. Represent us!  Not him!
Did his tweets of this morning snap you back to reality?
what of his actions? His actions speak so much louder than his words. #resist
#resist
DO YOUR JOB! Show up for Town halls; investigate your president
15220/unpaid I don't believe,Sir,that you and I experienced the same address.What channel did you watch?Not pleased w/ur job 4 PA
Thank God I didn't vote for you Toomey, you are a useless weasle.
It was too little, too late, and very insincere! TRUTH and SINCERITY still mean something to most of us!
did u now?  Try putting country 1st, party 2nd. Just once. Thanks. Also listen 2 us in Pa instead of looking in yr wallet.
19094 here.  Listen to us!  Hold town hall and stop hiding!
and then 2 days later, he returns to Toddler-in-chief on Twitter.
And _that_ lasted for all of 4 days. Republicans need to own up to what kind of Executive we're really facing, as a nation
I don't think we watched the same speech.
and to think we have to deal with you for 6 years.  Smh.
right?  This is most galling thing. But I will remember in 6 yrs & vote against him.
He did. But followed with insane accusations against Obama. You're credibility is on the line with Republican colleagues. HELP
now what do you think? Please speak up against Trump claims. GOP can't remain silent.
T-R-E-A-S-O-N!
seriously? Appointments are insane -repeal them!
How is the investigation into voter fraud going?
watching you on Pa. reelection
he will never come to Philly. Thin skinned, just like trump. 2 bad, cause I'd go 2 that.
How do you sleep at night?  Turning your back on the disabled, elderly, poor, minorities & public schools is unforgivable.
Well what just happened in regards to the retired KY coal miners?
for those privileged to be white rich males.
within 24 hours he reverted back to his twittering self
He can kind of read.
we need to find out all about his Russian ties and how he stole the election from Hillary.
NOT hopeful for women, working class, immigrants, Muslims, or the environment. Now give us ALL the health insurance Senators have It's fair.
He then vomited all over his message when twitter came back.
after a long week, another vaca in Florida. Again with us picking up the tab. Where's your fiscal conservatist outrage???
I think you should acknowledge your constituents from time to time by answering their phone calls and holding actual town halls.
& when office answers they are rude to constituents with differing views #RESIST #do your job #SpecialProsecutor
A man in the Philly office (same voice as who is on the voice mail) hung up on my 89 year old mom cause she was mad and asked him his name.
. @realDonaldTrump  He is an illegitimate Pres.  Already back to his real self. Dont let him fool ya
you would think that wouldn't you? You're bought and paid for and a complete failure representing your constituents!
pls do job you were elected to do  - hold Trump and staff accountable for the LIES.  Don't be distracted by "pretty words"
You met with the Koch brothers so why won't you meet with PA constituents, Sen Patsy
Toomey?
Actions matter more than words, and @POTUS is failing miserably in that regard. WHERE IS OUR TOWN HALL??
Wow u r alive ! U have been avoiding ur constituents! It's time for Townhall's live ones! And the address was phony!
perhaps some of the message positive but still needs to give accurate facts. This is unacceptable
we must have been watching different speeches .
you just love kissing up to him.
where do you buy those blinders and earphones?
you are kidding?  POTUS is reported to have blamed threats to Jews as a plot by left-wing. That is dog whistle politics.
You also think DeVos is highly qualified.
No he didn't . He said the same things he always says and it was worse last night.
how can you drain the swamp with a cabinet that is the swamp?
Hopeful if you're a wealthy white male; not so much for poor folk.
#JointAddress was NOT forwardlooking. We need to rebuild the infrastructure legacy of our great grandparents, not a wall.
#JointAddress was NOT hopeful. He will destroy decades of progress on clean water, clean air.
That's because you're a traitor.
Seriously?  When are you going to investigate his ties with Russia? #russiagste #listentotheAmericanpeople #illiterate
of course you did with all your GOP buddies! Hopeful as long your white and Straight!!
Unfortunately it was riddled with lies and the lofty rhetoric at the end was disconnected from proposed policy.
The"So called President"performed the speech written for him to please the GOP. #Bannon'S puppet
hopeful for the old white men that will profit from @POTUS war mongering. Not for the rest of us.
I didn't
I think you should have a town hall
you would.
You can dress up a goat in a tuxedo, but it is still a goat.
Filled with lies !
of course you did. And hiding from ur constituents and ignoring Russian @potus connection #partybeforeamerica
Did you like the part where he blamed the Generals for Yemen raid? Wasnt even in the room. Some Commander in Chief. 
What was your favorite part? Tracking immigrant crime but not white crime? Or exploiting a widow for applause records?
you're kidding me? Those dog whistles are now air horns and it is affecting the lives of Pennsylvanians.
Trump's speech, contradicted his actions for his first thirty days in office! Get rid of, Sessions and Bannon!MakeUSgreat!
how can you cut taxes and spend more oh yeah you can put a new tax on gas and hurt the working families
the comment we are all made by the same god That was an insult to all except Christians I thought it was about unity not division
weak critical listening problems, eh? Cant tell the difference between content and HS Pep Rally. Might want to work on that!
check your back..
Carrying someone else's  water is tough!
of course  @POTUS did.  He's got some pretty major issues you fail to acknowledge.
Where's the beef? All we get is circus from Trump, where's my bread?? Casey intro prescription drug importation ac, u????
The rubber stamp has spoken
Then you are extremely gullible! SAD!
Shut uuuuuuuuuup.
#DoYourJob #RESIST
must be hard to disagree with the guy working you like a puppet
I agree wholeheartedly.
easy for a white privileged male to have that perspective.
get off your knees
Your job is to find out what your constituents think! Hold a town hall so we can talk about this in a 2 way conversation!
You won by a slim margin - next time you will lose "bigly". Maybe a wall st cronie will give you a job! Time to
Resign!
Empty suit taking about an empty head. Invisible Senator
you actually take this @POTUS  seriously? He is detached from reality.
if tearing apart families, vilifying immigrants, & threatening the environment are uplifting themes, then yes.
you are a stuck-up sir. Start thinking!
Where were you when he was running a hateful, race-baiting, dishonest campaign? #realPA
The hope of unending global war was what I heard.
45 read a well crafted speech with the intention of calming nerves. Nothing else.
There is a rumor that trump is going to pardon the protesters arrested in you office yesterday.
could you post when and where your town hall meetings will take place. Ty
Pennsylvanian residents don't forget. Do your job. It won't matter if they change the districts. Elections coming soon.
I am curious why your office was MIA for so long yet PA other senetor was available to all pa residents.
it was less hysterical but still think on substance.
too bad we can't get the same out of you, because at this point since no live sightings I'm not sure you really exist.
And that's why I'm looking forward to working hard to get you voted out of office. @TuesdaysToomey
VOICE, & exploiting a grieving widow-rating applause for her like she's on the worlds  most fucked up reality show. You are WRONG
do you work for POTUS or for PA residents? Are you listening to our message?
nothing about this was hopeful unless you are wealthy and looking for tax cuts or love war and killing.
But you can't to a town hall!!!
I thought POTUS says one thing in front of nation and another behind closed doors.  Actions speak louder than his lies.
you're so lucky PA doesn't have a recall election process.
I would switch the word "gave" with "read."  That wasn't him, it was a performance.  Hopefully he stays in this roll 4now
stop being a rubber stamp for @POTUS !!!! #ToomeyTownHall
What did you sell that tweet for?  You are a joke.  We'll remember.
yep your kind of vision a slick combination of empty promises, fear and hate #onthetaketoomey
WRONG! WRONG! BIGLY WRONG!
It's hypocritical to say that your constituents are from out of state (were not) when you took out of state $ for your campaign.
gloom and doom =optimism to GOP!!
the expectations are so low of trump. He still managed to lie and used the Nave seal widow inappropriately and bigly
I do not agree with the statement. I don't have anything else constructive to say
depends on your perspective, I heard, a return to mass incarceration w/his law and order rethoric, and nothing about jobs
He managed to stumble through a speech written by someone else.  And barely at that.  Nothing has changed.
.@SenToomey @POTUS I mailed you a rubber stamp, hope you got it. Still waiting on a Philly #ToomeyTownHall
Of course you would.  You're nothing but a YES man!
Dude, you don't know hope. @SenToomey @POTUS
Would love to talk to you about it. Wanna grab a beer?
what did the potus know and when did he know it?  Please find out. High treason. Not sessions.
you're both a joke
Most Presidential speech I've seen in decades!  Forward looking optimism!
Lol! Joke, right? Oh...yea...you're a wealthy white man, so, sure, I see your point.
.@realDonaldTrump’s speech to #JointSession was utterly disconnected from the cruel reality of his conduct.
I thought a treasonous, thin-skinned, idiotic sociopath gave a pabulum filled message read from a teleprompter. Sad!
PA REMEMBER THIS WEASEL COME ELECTION TIME. EVADING CALLS, TOWN HALLS... he is in it for himself, NOT PA.
Really, you were there? I had heard you died!!!
@SenBobCasey I felt it was the opposite of all those things. @realDonaldTrump pushes fear and anger, hate and entitlement
@SenBobCasey How can you tout bolstering the midl class including immigrants and ban people from the countries who need us most?
where and when will you have a town hall meeting?  You need to do your job!  We want to see Trump's taxes & Russian ties.
oh and if u think that winding back the clock on everything is "forward looking" than you really are living in dark ages
have you noticed the trend. Not many favor you, Senator. Probably a good thing you aren't up for reelection anytime soon.
you thought, first mistake. #trumponhismeds
also toomey I saw u had constituents arrested outside ur office yesterday. Real cool. How about u have a Town Hall instead
you can use big boy words for the first time and practice the tele prompter but we know the real agenda-not optimistic.
can we really believe anything this man says no we can't leave me
@IndivisibLburg PLEASE read the fact-checks of his speech. Praising blatant lies should embarrass you. Town hall, please?
@SenBobCasey I disagree. How can u tout clean water and support keystone pipeline?
Just like you thought DeVos was a good choice? Do you care what your constituents thought? Probably not. Sad!
I think the speech was disjointed, inconsistent, protectionist and lacking substance.  Where's the leadership?
and I think you are scared of your constituents.
too bad his actions haven't agreed with his words. Will you hold him accountable to this message?
looking forward to voting you out of office.
You are so wrong..beware re-election time #RESIST #IMPEACHTRUMP #SHOWYOURTAXES #PUTINSPUPPET #SPECIALPROSECUTOR
continue supporting the grifter in chief, you won't be able make it past the next election.
is American Horror Story
it's easy to be  delusional & have your head in the sand when you refuse to face your constituents or do your job. #toomeyfacts
What about his ties to Russia??
.@SenToomey The replies to this tweet beg to differ. Pissed PA constituents know we're being ignored. Answer your phone. Hold a town hall.
I don't but it.  70 years of demeaning and inflammatory comments and arrogance are not wiped a way with one speech.
P.S. your constituents are not happy with you. Remember you can run but you can't  hide!
We'll see if it sticks. He's tried to act like an adult before, and it usually hasn't lasted very long. New travel ban today?....
And IF he can act like an adult, there's still the disastrous policy plans (for everyone but the wealthy that is).
Why..you just blindly AGREE with him? You disappoint me again. It is my mission now to make you a Senate in the minority!
did good but bar really low. Respect is earned,Actions speak loader than words. Problem,past yr,LOTS bad words&actions
Americans trust actions, not words. Most of us do not trust Trump because he has shown us who he is by his actions.
Gutless weasel. Still hiding from your constituents?
You would. You have rubber stamped everything this un-American president is doing. Shame. I hope you are voted out.
of course you did, puppet. Meet your constituents. #TownHall @TuesdaysToomey
To bad someone else wrote that speech for him. Maybe we'd listen if he didn't talk like an idiot
I wish there was a dislike button
He did and some of it is 180 degrees from what he and you actually do. Clean air and water while killing the EPA.
This Pennsylvanian thinks that you and I heard different speeches.
That you believe anything Trump says at this point makes me question your capacity for common sense
Of course you did. You have already proven yourself to be a tool.
LGBT doesn't feel hopeful, immigrants don't, woman don't, blacks don't (Bannon), anyone who cares for the earth doesn't!!
meet your constituents; stop ducking.
Trump is a crook! We the people demand that Trump show us his tax returns!
when your Pennsylvania looks like Flint we will see if you are as hopeful. We need the EPA! And we want it!
oh good lord .. of course you did! Please look into his dealings with Russia! This is a national security 911!
@passiflora99 You know what would give #realPA hope? A town hall for you to address our concerns. Why so afraid? @TuesdaysToomey
you would which why we in PA will make sure you no longer have a seat next time around
with most of it inconsistent with the executive orders so far and rhetoric for more than a year.
I think you are deaf to your constituents. What goes around. Comes around.
"Talk like a populist.  Act like an elitist."
Example: "Drain the swamp" --> Fills cabinet with Goldman Sachs and cronies
You, sir, are an out right disgrace.
ok, so if he has a plan, do you support it?
what about his Taxes, the Russian Dossier& White Supremacy
why don't you talk to your constituents?  We'd like to have input into our state
you would. Now,  about that town hall...#realPA
So disappointed in you @SenToomey. @ByJohnLMicek has a better idea of what your constituents thought of it. http://www.pennlive.com/opinion/2017/02/in_first_speech_to_congress_tr.html …
