fact, the republican party with trump wants to cut down on the american public so that they could be easily controlled, by the 1%
Will Medicaid Waiver programs be affected?
That's a lie. Enjoy your time as a Senator. One time is enough when reelection time comes around buddy.
Do you see how you have 72k followers and this has zero likes?
But I just gave you one for calling it to his attention. 
Bet you can't wait to talk with constituents about this bill and what you've done to their healthcare! Oh wait, that's not gonna happen.
CBO is not making dubious predictions. You are raiding Medicaid. It doesn't take the CBO to tell us that means less $ for the people.
The bill will result in millions losing ACA plan coverage. You're conflating Medicaid with Obamacare plans and coverage for pre-existing.
And you're gonna show up at a townhall to speak with your constituents, any time now. #wheresToomey
fact, people on medicaid will lose coverage because of cuts to the medicaid program from the US Goverment.
Angry PA constituent here. If you say "yes" to this BS "health care" plan you can kiss your Senate seat goodbye come 2018. Tired of you.
I hate to say this but I think it could end in a bloodbath if these politicians pass this
That's simply a lie. If you're going to do evil things, at least be honest about it.This bill steals from Medicaid & gives it to the wealthy
If there's no money for coverage that's the same as being kicked off
Your lying - read it   Those you claim to be concerned about children disabled elderly and vets will lose benefits STOP VOTING PARTY LINES
Liar. You're twisting the facts. How dare you disrespect my intelligence like that?
Because 1984 doublespeak is something you are trying out, it does make you sound less evil.
Cite your sources. (Ask any jr. high student how it's done if you need help). Your constituents deserve better than this misleading rhetoric
fact, people will be ineligible for medicaid because there will not be enough money in the state to cover everyone.
Try. Comparing Medicaid to union strikes. If the raises go up, it will go away
You are trying to sell a bad product-Be truthful and listen to your constituents & those who are rating your proposal. Ashamed of this bill
CBO facts don't lie, but @SenToomey does. 24-25 million will be kicked off. GOP HAVE REFUSE TO BE ON THIS KILLER PLAN THEMSELVES!
Yes they will. This is GOP propaganda. I will never understand why the GOP wants to harm citizens but they do.  Seems to be about donors.
Sen Toomey, the ONLY Myth is that YOU CARE about the Pa.people. We should be able to have re-call elections when our leaders fail, as U are.
The head of the CBO is a Republican . So you are saying that Republicans LIE!! That includes YOU!! SAD!!
leading GOP deception campaign on morning TV today.  @CBSNews @ABC @RVAwonk @funder @AARP @HeartAust @AFLCIO #ResistGOPcare
So...when "some" states cancel the expansions to Medicaid then what?  Answer: folks lose their coverage. #whyULie???

Hot off the press! The Senate Health Reform Bill Slashes #Medicaid Severely. See new PPI blog: http://bit.ly/2sz08fh  
Based on the false assumption that states will expand Medicaid with federal govt giving up responsibility. What a scam!
tired of this deceptive rhetoric. Medicaid is both traditional Medicaid, which is being block granted, and expanded Medicaid which is ending
The point of block granting is to force a real terms reduction in spending (I.E. spending won't keep up with rising costs). It is a cut.
Killing the Medicaid expansion will result in millions using ER as primary care. This raises costs for all types of insurance.
I remember when the ER was used like that in the past...But, he won't listen...He doesn't listen.
Liar.
CBO isn't out yet....
https://maplight.org/story/senators-drafting-secret-health-care-bill-backed-by-insurance-and-pharma-campaign-money/ …
Fact-check: The GOP bill ends funding for Medicaid expansion in 2024, and bill’s additional cuts projected to reduce coverage for millions.
You wouldn't be supporting this if this was an election year for you. So maybe you should re evaluate your vote.
Won't exists = kicked off. Don't play the trump bullshit game
I thought you were against abortions? Because your supporting this one.
Great use of buzz words @SenToomey. Lying to your constituents? Check. Attacking a non partisan agency? Check. Good luck getting re-elected!
Fed makes the rules and forces States to pay for it....
And here we have a lie, in the wild.  For everyone to see.
So you're saying the CBO is fake news? #stealthcare #wealthcare
Not all could afford to pay for those services
Let's discuss funding for planned parenthood. One half of your constituents would benefit from services provided by planned parenthood.
Pretty graphics do not cover up lies. The truth will come out when people lose coverage due to #wealthcare
millions will lose their healthcare so that you can give a big tax cut to the rich.

Will Mueller investigate himself w/his involvement Hillary's Uranium scheme https://twitter.com/jody_span/status/878658879298691072 …
Vote NO!!
You no longer rep people of PA. RESIGN NOW! #TimeToResignToomey #AlreadyTookTheMoney
This is not a Republican vs Democrat bill. This is about being human and caring for your neighbor. Stand up for your people!
Cute graphic pat. Too bad most of it is bullshit and only shows you don't even know the details of the bill you are voting for.
People will be kicked off Medicaid and denied healthcare so your rich friends get tax cuts you evil liar
You are lying to your constituents. The deaths of Pennsylvanians due to lack of healthcare will be due to your partisan vote
Horrid, unreasonable, Republican death panel
Yes sir they will! CBO can't even score since you intentionally planned the deepest cuts after 10 years! We are on to you and we vote!
Just because you put these "facts" up on your own website doesn't make them true.
Are you nuts, or just evil. They may not be kicked off but care will be unaffordable. So what is the actual difference
Sir, I met you and your son years ago. Eventually he will be off your govt healthcare and I hope you realize what you plan to expose him to
Stop tweeting and hold a town hall. As a PA resident, I believe you owe your constituents a hearing, not scripted event.
So we should do what with this information?  Take a chance that this one time you have concern for low income Pennsylvanians?
PA has a large # of SNF's who rely on Medicaid funding.  Come chat with me for a day-let me show you. Are you willing?
You don't get to say these comments while also saying Medicaid is not sustainable. You're contradicting your comments.
So not only are you a coward, you're a liar. How proud you must be.
@SenToomey let's see about that...
You get talking points from Koch Bros?
We hate toomey
Lies
Town hall? What is your end goal with Trumpcare? Seems like you are working for special interests not your constituents, we should discuss.
Lies. We do not support this bill
I wonder how you can read through this thread, vote yes on this horrendous health care bill and say you represent the people of PA? 19426
So, we'll just take your word for it over CBO.  A liar's facts are worthless.
What's your rush? Schedule town hall meetings across PA to have an honest dialogue with constituents before bringing this to a vote.
Then I'm confused by paragraph #4
Stop lying
Please find your way back from whatever (enticement) compels your stance on this immorality you're attempting to rationalize. Try decency.
You must continue to point out truth about healthcare to counter @SenBobCasey 's dishonesty on Obamacare repeal
Whatever you do for the least of these..Voting yes on this bill puts you on the wrong side of history and calls into question your morality.
This is fundamentally incorrect, and damn you for lying to the American people.
How can you include CBO info when they haven't released yet?
I have 354,616 reasons why everything that comes out of your mouth is an absolutely fucking lie!!  The people of PA better wise up by 2018.
LIES you just want to wrap it up in a nice shiny bow and mislead ur constituents
SO 800 billion in Medicaid cuts BUT HEY EVERYBODY NO ONE WILL LOSE MEDICAID.
It will definitely hurt the elderly people who are already having to decide between food and medication. If they can even afford insurance
I feel like your #staffers should have read the copy more closely... the fact section provides no information that refutes the quote 'myth'
If I make everyone leave my house who can't hand me $1000 in cash, that's a lot like kicking everyone out of my house
What about cuts to Planned Parenthood? Care for women?
Grow a pair.
2) let's see- according to timeline, that will happen AFTER your next reelection cycle. So you're safe. You're a selfish man
1) If states receiving fed $ now don't cut Medicaid when the $ is gone, where will it come from?  Increased state taxes.
I tust CBO more than you!
Why should we listen to you?  You don't listen to us.
Fact: ur phone lines must have been lit again
Umm yeah, millions will be kicked off medicaid, including children!! Enjoy your tax cut!
15217. Your mail box is full and your health care proposal is immoral.
Facts: I'm 63.I've had a dissected carotid artery & stroke. Fixed income, cannot pay 5X higher premiums. I will lose healthcare. Can't sleep
I'm 53 with Parkinson's. I have the same fears. #GOPdontcare #berichordiequickly
You should be ashamed of yourself...but you have no shame...only avarice and hubris.
#bettercareformillionairesact
Let's have town hall's to discuss this bill.  Are you afraid to face the constituents of Pa ? You know it's wrong but follow McConnell/trump
Wrong.  Talk to the experts.  Cruel bill. How can you sleep at night?  Your constituents will fight against this bill

You lie Pat Toomey!! health policy experts and CBO say otherwise.  You will also cost many disabled their ability to live in community
Medicaid eligibility doesn't = Medicaid coverage when you cap $. You sold your soul for $ from pharma cos; you will lose your seat in 2020.
2022 but yes
Ugh, forgot. 2 more years of being represented by a heartless self-serving  $-motivated SOB.
Fact: Pat Toomey accepted $354,616 in campaign contributions from Health Insurance and Pharmaceutical Industries
Pennsylvanians--this clown must be voted out. Anyone who won't face their constituents doesn't deserve to be in office.
hey weasel--where will the states get the $$ to pay for increased costs? FACT!! You r a lying weasel who won't face constituents
Rather skewed presentation. You know people who need Medicaid will be hurt and you don't care.
Trump Wealthcare is not good for Pennsylvania. Just a tax cut and you know it. Btw greetings from 15222. See you Tuesday
You have no conscience-I am willing to pay more taxes to sustain  Medicaid - ashamed to be an American in your America
You vote for trump "care" you have lost 2 votes
Maybe you should learn basic arithmetic. Yours does not add up
Take an arithmetic class.
It might help u appear competent.it is not in ur best interests 2
Demonstrate that u do not understand the bill.
He does understand it.  He helped craft it.  Toomey just doesn't care about  poor and  middle class. This is his snowjob.
I was trying to give him credit for an iota of intelligence and moral fiber. A mistake, I'm afraid, @RenaQuinton1
Toomey has never replied to any of my periodic emails on healthcare, but does reply about other more innocuous issues.
Myth: @PatToomey is an awesome senator who represents PA'ns best interests
Fact: @PatToomey is a piece of shit who helped write this bill
Your 'facts' are just plain lies. Attacking the ONE NONPARTISAN SOURCE (CBO) with the EXPERTISE to project millions losing care is dishonest
@SenToomey But how many millions will? Give us a figure and show your math.
When you exempt yourself from these regulations it seems like they might not be as  good as you're spinning it.
You're a lap dog. Looking forward to voting you out.
CBOs are generally correct how often are they wrong? How can you gamble?

So if they choose to not participate in Medicaid who pays when they are in an accident? I thought you R's are against handouts. Not right.
Stop spreading lies!
It's time for a single payer system.  Conservative Sen. won't vote for anything. Work with the Dems.
Booo!!!!!
Vote no not because of false medicaid lies, but because out of pocket goes up. Exact opposite of what we Pennsylvanians need and deserve.
Why don't you explain it to us in person, Senator?
Fact: insurance companies, Medical organizations and groups like AARP are condemning this bill.
You are going to break Medicaid so that it doesn't work and then kick people off. Same thing you did with schools. We know what you're doing
It forces states to kick those people off the program and cut benefits
Gobbley goop. This bill is absolute garbage and is a total shame to the US.
In re: to your recent survey on repealing the ACA. "Target on my back" is  an extremely inappropriate remark.
Only hundreds of thousands??
Let's start with RETROACTIVE tax cuts for the rich. Don't need to go any further. That tells us all we really need to now. How ashamed are u
And what about defunding planned parenthood?
You lie. #kochbrotherswhore #boughtandsold #pathetic
- Drinking the Koolaid aren't you?....  Thought you were one of the smart ones..I was wrong...
Same here
What does your stance mean for my brother? He's an autistic adult, requiring constant care and supervision.
Outright lie. Millions will be ineligible or receive so little benefits that it won't matter
More deceptive spin. It's a cut in Medicaid funding, a tax cut for the rich & it will hurt us all. No, no, no. 15217 #noACHA #noBCRA
Can I see some citations for these "facts" in your simple infographic, please?
If you were worried about the deficit as you claim, why are you cutting taxes for the rich?
The Pittsburgh economy will tank within a year if this passes.  Medicaid is central to the ongoing economic recovery.
Sooo you are going to ignore the congressional budget office the same way you ignore your constituents. Will you please do your job.
Yeah, right. And I've got a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you.
With Medicaid defunded, millions will die, yes, but also get sick, be unable to live up to their potential, and all of us will suffer 19147
Really. Because your colleague Senator Heller said: "I cannot support a piece of legislation that takes insurance from tens of millions."
Why do you paint CBO as a biased organization? It's comprised of people from both the left and the right. Hard to argue w data, isn't it?
Yes they will.  Look, if you want to murder a bunch of poor, elderly, and disabled people at least be up front about it.
tell the whole story. You are putting the burden on the states to cover the costs. Where will PA get the ? What will be cut?
The CBO is an org. that up until now has been consrd experts when it comes to bill funding. Just bcs u don't like it doesn't make it false.
Senator, please do not belittle our intelligence or embarrass yourself with this nonsense. You know the reconciliation is garbage
Don't piss on us and tell us it was raining.
The CBO isn't "dubious" you heartless, lying, plutocratic toady!

I don't know HOW you got reelected but it is NOT happening in 2022!
PA has huge budget deficit & can't afford Medicaid w/o Fed $. Millions will lose coverage so u can pass tax cut masquerading as HC reform
Lie
Fact: A few very wealthy people will get millions back in tax cuts.  THAT is atrocious and unthinkable.
So who do we trust - CBO or traitor Toomey ?
WHAT ABOUT THE TAX CUTS. TELL WHEN TRICKLE DOWN WORKED AND THE DEBT WENT DOWN. HASN'T HAPPENED! START PUTTING AMERICANS/PA'ians FIRST.
Bullshit.
Liar. What makes you think that you're smarter than us? Guess what- you're not. You are a heinous example of a representative.
Senator...please oppose this bill. It lines the pockets of the rich and does NOTHING to improve ACA. 19462.
CBO is dubious when you are shamed by their predictions, but accurate when their conclusions match your own #priceless #evilincarnate #kills
let's discuss your "facts" at your next town hall
