This is called "grasping for straws," Senator.
This is how much the Democrats fought for the working man. Stripped us of work and are dignity. Millions of jobs to other countries
Great, okay. You and your bot family will undoubtedly be so much better off if BCRA passes.
Let's try it can't believe the dems lies all the time like you do. I lived the Democrat lies and am tried of it
Let's try it? LOL. Okay. Let's try royally screwing myself over worse than I could possibly be screwed right now. Makes total sense.
Your just a troll living in your parents basement trolling the internet.waiting for another gov hand out. Can't pay your student loan.
Don't see what that has to do with Pat Toomey and his colleagues wanting to screw the shit out of you, me, and everyone not a billionaire.
Give them a chance if they don't make the changes that help the American people vote them out. Right now it's the dems not wanting to lose
Why are you cutting student aid to give tax cuts to millionaires in the new budget?
Why are you cutting food stamp programs to give tax cuts to millionaires in the new budget?
u think people are stupid huh?ur Math makes them think We paid $47m 4 nothing-(the poor) & u want to take another $800B away from them #LIAR

Trump defenders:
Two weeks ago: Was no collusion.
Last week: Collusion not illegal.
Now: Collusion perfectly reasonable.…

Your new plan penalizes people who go off insurance for over 63 day. These people will have to pay 30% more.
A tax penalty is necessary for no exclusions for pre-existing illness. If not, people will wait to buy insurance until sick. Does not work!

NEW POLL: Public opposition to Senate health bill increases http://hill.cm/Zi2KQkH  
Senator how many Pennsylvanians will loose there health care?
Why didn't you do a better job educating them about the advantage of having insurance?
#BCRA solution to this? If you don't have insurance for 60 days, you are banned from insurance for 6 months
did you pay it ( avg $188 or less)- healthcare should be like "no fault"  insurance - we all need GOOD health care just as you have Senator

Lower costs and insurance for everyone. #SinglePayer
You are in the wrong side of history. No credibility, embarrassing you were re elected
Why do you support this bill?
Important new finding: if @SenateGOP health scheme passes, 177 million Americans will pay more for insurance. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/17/how-the-republican-health-care-bill-could-raise-premiums-for-177-million-americans/ …
so what are you doing to raise the average wage in PA?
That's a poor argument. Healthcare issue is about health, not money (which you want the wealthy to reap).
@KeithRothfus are you still alive? U do not visit your constituents, U do not answer questions U only pander when a military death occurs
Medicaid for all so we can stop messing around with a terrible Healthcare system!
You mean PURCHASED insurance. Stop calling it a tax. You r lying. Let your plan b debated n the voters decide. No reconciliation.

Senator, grow a heart. Good healthcare is for the greater good. Your health policy comes out of our paychecks, yet you won't stand up 4 us?
yup, I was one of them. I still find your replacement plan morally reprehensible.

NEW POLL: Majority of Americans disapprove of how Trump is handling healthcare http://hill.cm/8Qcg2fu  
Why does Jared Kushner still have security clearance? Why isn't congress taking seriously an attack on our democracy by a foreign government
Why are you cutting federal pension funds to give tax cuts to millionaires in the new budget?
This equals $192.39 - what exactly is your point?
Rich people don't need more tax breaks.  Middle class does because the middle class creates jobs that pay for healthcare benefits.
Those 244,290 were either foolish for going uninsured, or they could not afford it on $50K per year. Do your job, get EVERYONE covered!
Please do not pass this work with the Democrats to fix Obamacare
Blah, blah, blah. Your bill is a disaster for Americans, healthcare providers and the insurance industry.
Senator, you are failing miserably. You have neglected to represent the interests of your constituents at every turn. You should resign
How about we keep healthcare and repeal and replace @sentoomey?

And just think, if they had complied with the law they would've had health coverage
192 per person!!!  Wow imagine if there was a fracking tax that could help those people.. just kidding... you don't care that much ;-)
good!
Maybe we can talk about it at your next town hall with your constitutes. Constitute 19525
It is unconscionable that you are taking away health care from millions more people. We will remember your selfishness.
But they had the opportunity to purchase insurance your plan prohibits that chance
Oh you know math now calculate why my healthcare costs keep going up  @AdamBercosky
Having good insurance should be for all. Stop lying to people that costs will be cheaper with the Senate plan. Make it work for everyone.
Everyone needs healthcare!  No one in PA is buying this crazy
We all need car insurance. Healthcare is not free. Millions did not pay the penalty too. Loophole That is why our rates are  up. No free ER
https://twitter.com/SenToomey/status/885204688731332614 …
No Town Hall since 2013; and then it was in little towns up north.  #PACoward
244,290 Pennsylvanians paid the individual mandate tax penalty, totaling $47 MILLION. 86% made less than $50k: http://bit.ly/OCareTax 
https://twitter.com/SenToomey/status/885204688731332614 …
Remember, @SenToomey, the voters have VERY long memories!  I bet they will remember in 5.5 years!  #PACoward
244,290 Pennsylvanians paid the individual mandate tax penalty, totaling $47 MILLION. 86% made less than $50k: http://bit.ly/OCareTax 
https://twitter.com/SenToomey/status/885204688731332614 …
Hey Toomey, why don't you unstick your email account?  Afraid of the feedback?  #PACoward
244,290 Pennsylvanians paid the individual mandate tax penalty, totaling $47 MILLION. 86% made less than $50k: http://bit.ly/OCareTax 
https://twitter.com/SenToomey/status/885204688731332614 …
OH, so, let's solve it by throwing  them off of healthcare and charging the rest a lot more to give rich tax break!
244,290 Pennsylvanians paid the individual mandate tax penalty, totaling $47 MILLION. 86% made less than $50k: http://bit.ly/OCareTax 
Any thoughts on this?
“Inevitably the president is the focus, the essence of the crisis of the regime." Sen. James Buckley, 1974.
https://usat.ly/2rOabKi 

A GOP which doesn't stand up for rule of law & our sovereignty against foreign espionage is no GOP that TR, Ike, or Ronnie would recognize.
Yeah, so that happened and now you want to make my Cerebral Palsy a preexisting condition. Bit of an over reaction, no?
That's appx $200/each. So that their sick neighbors LITERALLY DON'T DIE or go bankrupt. It's like a bar tab .. how can lives mean so little?
Then support Universal, not that suicide pact your party came up with. No excuse. (Why do you hate us?) #Obamacare
That avgs out to $192.39/yr ($16.03/mo) each. What's your point?
So, give rich a huge tax cut and rip healthcare away from millions. Senator, love to discuss this with you in a live, in person town hall.
Your tax cuts would help my family. But you know who needs that money more? The families you're taking care away from. From a constituent.
I think you're lying.
Almost a million will LOSE HC insurance If TRUMPCARE is passed and it won't be their choice. Those people chose to be dumb and paid up
137,000 Pennsylvanians will lose their jobs and 1.6 million will lose their heal insurance under your bill. We will not forget in 2022.
Toomey received approx $350k from health and pharma cos from 2010-16. #DTS
That is misleading. That's less than 1% of the state #1 and 2 they all must be single ppl bc even a fam of 3 gets income exemption at 50k
In fact the whole list is bogus, at that level it's all singles, it's the only way they'd have to pay at less than 50k income, u  picked
These tactics will not work, we know what we are fighting for, it's not just some cause, its ppl lives. #NoToomeyCare #byebyetoomey
So your solution is to kick people off insurance?Your argument doesn't begin to address the many faults with your http://bill.Vote  NO
As someone who builds stories with data every dat, you can make the number read any way u want. Do the math. It doesnt add up
A quick survey of the replies to your tweet. PA disagrees with you Pat.
So, $200 each to help make sure people with preexisting conditions have access to life saving care. Sounds fantastic. Love it.
Scratching my head wondering what your point could be. You just admitted there are THAT many Pennsylvanians without coverage. DO YOUR JOB.
I fail to see how why the rest of us should cater to the 244,290 cheaters in our state...
#sentoomey. $47,000,000 divided by 244,000 people is approximately $190.00 #whatsyourpoint?
We overwhelmingly oppose this plan. Vote NO, you work for us!
So?
Fix the problem. Don't create another!
Toomey has pulled the plug on our lifeline for his self-interest. Stop lining your pockets.
Stop pretending that you care about the low income and the poor.
What's the alternative? How many companies paid "mandatory" workers comp ins or individuals paid "mandatory" auto or property ins?
I'm one of them. I still think the proposed bill is trash, and will ultimately lead to negative impacts for the more impoverished.
If you listened to your constituents or held an actual town hall you would know how unpopular this bill is.
But you're smarter than us; we're just plebes that live in the real world. Keep telling us what is best from your ivory tower.
I can guarantee that you've never known what it's like to be uninsured; mostly thanks to your father's UNION job.
Liar. We can do math & this doesn't add up. This bill will kill people. What is wrong with you? #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Why did you pick 2014 instead of 2015 or 2016....plus how much $$$money are you talking about
I ask again! Will your Trumpcare kick my 94 yr old sick indigent mother off Medicaid and out of her nursing home? Can you answer?
This ship, she be sinking fast. Best find some sturdy timber to cling to, yar.
If you want to help them, simple: Medicare for Everybody!
Medicare for all is the only solution and regulate prices. Like milk. Why are being subjected to mafia extortion.
244290 Pennsylvanians got health insurance they didn't have before. why do you have such problem with that? Isn't this pro market?
Why are we preparing for an alien invasion from outer space. The money spent on playing Rambo is ridiculous.
Cut the massive defense budget that was useless on 9/11 and pay the difference. Just that easy.
More comments than shares or likes.
What's that tell u Schroomy?
You don't seem to understand your constituents. We don't want #trumpcare we want real and affordable healthcare. #wiseup
How many hospitals are losing money from patients without insurance Pat?
So, the mean 200 bucks with rich paying the large penalties for being too dim to buy health insurance which Medicaid gives to the needy. 1/2
2/2. They made the choice to pay a penalty as an act of free will. How many folks benefitted from ACA with Medicaid expansion in PA?
so less than $200 each or .4% of their salary.  How much of a tax break is the top 1% getting again with new Trumpcare?
That was the choice they made. You know being a free country!
You better not take our healthcare away!
Honestly don't know how you sleep at night. No moral compass whatsoever.
The government should provide everyone health insurance - pay zero at point of care, see any doctor
Fun reminder that this is 26 cents/day.
Senator, how are we working to make it easier for those 86% to get a reasonable plan for their money? Also, source?
Penalty is WAY cheaper than your joke of a health care plan
Senator do the right thing and do your very best for all Americans by showing that you care for Pennsylvania and the United States.
This is what you choose to tweet about?
Why is your voicemail always full??? Why did you reply to my emails with the same exact form reply? U need to listen to PA not corporations
Congrats. That is year 1 of the ACA penalty. I wonder what year 2 and 3 will look like.
That's right. And everyone had healthcare, even ore existing conditions. The majority of that money came from higher earners. #pathetic
Please reach down deep inside and find your conscious. There must have been one in there at some point.
We should discuss this at your public #TownHall which is when? Right.... "nothing is scheduled" #coward
B
This is how many have insurance now

956,000 fewer people in Pennsylvania would have health insurance in 2019 if the  (ACA) is repealed.
Good .@SenToomey how MANY will LOSE healthcare in PA 1 Million? to give the 1% more $$$. really .@SenToomey ? Nice choice. #FixACA Christian
Yes you had the option,but. Unlike the Trumpcare this explains the difference between the AHCA and the BHCA
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10210771965389377&id=223649167822693 …
So do something to limit consumer costs. Barely there plans won't cut it. What insurers are you invested in because it's all about profit.
@MeetThePress @maddow maybe people shouldn't vote for people like you if the gov can't don't it. Maybe we need smarter people @TomPerez @CBS
How much did they cost the rest of us in ER visits? #FixTheACA #FixACA #ProtectOurCare #bipartisanship
@NAACP @CNN @MSNBC why don't you work for the heritage foundation and get the he'll out of public service
And if we had Single Payer that would not have happened
that's 192 bucks each, @SenToomey.  seems a small price to pay v the state being stuck with huge medical bills.  What % made 2.85 per hr?
Smart idea to cap medicaid...Sounds like you should get that voted in...Medicaid and medicare are the gems!!!
@FoxNewsSunday @MeetThePress people like PAT TOOMEY IS THE REASON PEOPLE WANT TO KILL REPUBLICANS. #votetoomeyout
Rothfus- your worried about $171 mandate penalty when your healthcare bill raises premiums $2000 on average for your constituents over 35?
Senator Toomey don't kill kids and people with cancer who can't pay for their medication please!
Can't wait for 2022 to Vote you out. All Public Elected individuals should only be guaranteed 2 yrs in office, except President
Ok, so with your "yes to Trumpcare" vote, women will face financial penalties and hindrances to healthcare bc of our gender.
Soo...244,290 Pennsylvanians paid an average of $191.54 for emergency room insurance. That sounds...reasonable?
less than $200 each. i'm not getting ur outrage. lifetime caps + all the other "goodies" u put in ur bill will make hc unaffordable 4 us.
And rightly they should, everyone should have insurance. You need insurance to drive a car right?  Your BRCA bill is dead anyway
Yes, you're the Man; you're the Savior. I guess that's why your race is so close and you are currently behind. YOU MUST GO!
And so your proposal to get them covered is... Tax cuts for rich? Medicaid cuts? What am I missing?
Rationing by ability to pay, same as ever
Auto ins required to spread the costs and no one complains. Why not health insurance?
Did they buy car insurance so if in an accident the victim didn't pay? What's the diff btw that and no health ins and going to the ER?
Also, he was without insurance for 8 of 12 months in 2016 & didn't have to pay at all. To quote your @GOP friends: this is a nothingburger 
The penalty for my BF was less than $200 which he taken right out of the return. He knew he'd have to pay it & it wasn't a big deal.
Please meet with your constituents
help that 2% get affordable insurance thru improving ACA? Nah give 1% pals tax break & jam up 98% of PA'ins Great plan Toomey YA CRUMB BUN!
When are you going to resign? 
Asking for several hundred thousand people in Philly.
Single payer plan worked out with the Dems would be a better solution. But you have dug you repeal and replace hole so deep you can't see
Fix #ACA. Don't screw your constituents by creating loopholes that will leave those with preexisting conditions vulnerable.
So give them free health care so they can save money and are covered. But instead you’d rather bend them over.
That doesn't support your tax cut for the wealthiest 4%.  Fix the ACA.  86% don't want your legislation.
so your solution is to simply let them be uninsured and die waiting for health care?  so kind of you.
People who don't have insurance & then need to go to the ER cause higher rates for all of us. >600k more Pennsylvanians have insurance so ..
.. the ACA gains in covered individuals helps people be healthier. The ACA is moving us in the right direction. You would take us backwards.
Senator, the chart you referenced is from 2014.  
20% fewer people paid the penalty in 2015.  
See, for example, http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/11/fewer-people-paid-obamacare-tax-penalties-as-more-got-obamacare-aid.html …
More people signed up for health ins, many through the ACA marketplace. 
Our/your goal should be for as many PA folks as poss to have ins.
So  0.19%... is my math right? 
YOU need to work harder to get those folks insured!!! These are US and PA citizens without health insurance!
How does your bill help these folks who couldn't afford premiums under ACA afford it under your plan?
...and we pay for them to go to emergency rooms when they get sick anyway, rather than incentivize them to buy insurance?
That's only about $200 per person, you mental giant. So you propose they not pay this penalty, which goes to fund healthcare...
Maybe they couldn't afford the premiums, but had $191 a year to pay the fine. Doesn't mean they wouldn't have liked to have insurance.
Because they didn't buy healthcare, which was the law. Nice try.
Um, where are @realDonaldTrump tax returns?
Who would have paid their healthcare bills if they had an unexpected serious illness or injury? Most of us live payday to payday.
No taking out tax breaks for the rich while still hurting the middle class and poor?  Why would you ever think that would help?  Going down!
Then why don't you support a real solution like #medicare4all instead of that garbage legislation you and the other GOP are pushing?
And...? It's not like you didn't know it was coming. After the very first year, the penalty would've been more expensive than the coverage.
I'm all for leaving people not buy insurance, BUT when they go to the ER for their Dr., they should have to pay CASH!!
Single payer would solve that
I would pay the individual tax penalty instead of $2000 month premiums under #Trumpcare !!!! You are a #dolt
According to HHS,479,000 Pennsylvanians gained health insurance on the PA exchange. In addition, 716,000 gained with Medicaid expansion.
@SenToomey work to get them covered by expanding medicaid, not cutting it!
#CleanRepeal
Until you specifically face Pennsylvanians and explain specifically how PA will be better and how we keep Medicare afloat... NO!
Patty straighten that out if your upset with that part but don't hide behind that fix it. Did you work on the new Repubs healthcare bill lie
Make it easier for people who make less than $50k to afford healthcare, so that a "penalty" of ~$193 doesn't seem like a viable alternative?

Hey I have a suggestion, meet with your constituents without guards or presubmitted questions.
I don't support any healthcare the government got there dirty hands in stay out of our healthcare
19464. Please answer your phones. We want to let you know we are against the GOP plan for healthcare.
They "could" get insurance, and many would receive help with payment. Why are they not encouraged to get insurance vs show up at ER w/out?

We know you're going to sell us down the river with this awful bill. Just don't be surprised when you're unemployed in 2022. #wealthcare
maybe you can work to fix ACA so those 244K people can afford HC and not your tax cut that will have an est 1.2M w/o with your bill.
Go peddle your crazy elsewhere. We are all full up here. #HealthcareNotWealthcare #anybodybutToomey2022
All they had to do was buy insurance!     Come on!
The Republican Congress is targeting the poor and sick. Tens of thousands will die if 15 million lose coverage next year + 22 million later.
But it looks like the average payment is less than $200. I thought these penalties were much higher. No on is saying that AHC is perfect.
SINGLE PAYER NOW!!!
So its not that expensive? Wow. Good to know!
Less than $50k? Eligible for ACA that's their fault
Please don't tell us you're concerned about people making less than 50k given your tax cut for the rich disguised as healthcare bill.
It's clear you are confused about who you work for pat. You are promoting an immoral, punitive bill and continue to support #TrumpRussia
And the true reason for the heavy push for your wealthcare plan is obvious. Why do you want to hurt the elderly, children and disabled?
The AMA knows more than you! VOTE NO
You're taking away their insurance so they have to go to the Emergency Room and ditch the bill.
You represent ME and my disabled children so start doing your job and stand up to insure EVERYONE. I am growing tired of this crap
The AMA is against this, VOTE NO
Should have gotten the insurance, instead.
Their choice, your party plan only gives the rich any benefit, everybody else suffers.
get yourself down here and talk to the people you represent you weasel. we hate your bill. FIX THE ACA!!! or we'll vote you out.
Average penalty was less than $200 for the year. #nothingburger
I swear he’s doing this for the lol’s.
I paid, and I'm okay with that. You know why? Because I know the money is used to help sicker, poorer people afford healthcare.

Toomey is about to make it impossible to get health insurance for those making 50K. So just die.
Lies. You are desperate in your attempts to sway us from the truth. We do not fog I've your lies, you hypocrite. Give up your healthcare.
So $191/apiece. Meanwhile, medical bankruptcies are down across the US thanks to ACA. #SaveOurCare
