BREAKING: @SenToomey will take questions during a Bethlehem town hall Thursday, hosted by @PBS39Channel with @mcall: http://www.mcall.com/news/nationworld/pennsylvania/mc-nws-pat-toomey-town-hall-20170825-story.html …
The townhall registration opened at 9:00 and was filled by 9:02!?!  That's  not a townhall, that's a shed... C'mon Pat!!!
You are yellow.
The cad is clearly a feardy cat.
Scaredy ba!
Only 30 Toomey tickets are available to the public, starting 9AM tomorrow at this link
Only 30 tickets available for town hall??? @SenToomey, your constituents want to communicate with you.
You are not exactly skilled at your job are you?  That's unfortunate.
Skilled enough to win another term.
Is it actually skills or is it $$$$?  As a nation, We tend to respect the dollar above the much else. Pay for your job,you just might get it
If cash bought the job we'd be saying President Clinton not President Trump.
Not sure? The GOP invested in taking her down for many years, so overall more money spent (including tax$) on destroying her reputation
What is your response to POTUS' pardon ?
See @senator dick durbin. Now, that's a Town Hall!
What are you going to do about a President that pardons his friends for political reasons?  Why do you support such a disgrace?
Were you this pissed when Bill Clinton pardoned Mark Rich?
Yes, bipartisan criticism, congressional investigation, regret by Clinton later.  Still after years and years, fines.  But was financial...
Crimes, not constitutional undermining of rule of law, giving finger to judiciary.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Rich 
And Oscar Lopez Rivera?
He served 36 years in prison. Pardon intent was to allow country unity.  Provide empathy and clemency after someone serves time for crime.
How does releasing him after serving 36 of 55 years create any unity?  And he was sentenced to another 15 years for trying to escape.
Neither of us are citizens from Puerto Rico, so will not claim to understand.  But, pardoning a sheriff convicted of ignoring a court order
30 people? What are you afraid of Senator?
Yes
That isn't a town hall!
Almost 13 million people live in PA and you're holding a town hall for 30. That's 0.000002% of your constituents. Disgraceful.
Bull---- registration was filled simultaneously with its opening... nice one senator...
#ThisIsNOTWhatDemocracyLooksLike. 54 seats, 24 plants, 30 reservations. How do you define "public?" @mcall
Not a town hall ....
I can't make it, but want to know why you refuse to explicitly call Trump by name when condoning Nazis and other groups in Charlottesville.
Please sign on to the DREAM act and #DefendDACA.
When is your Pittsburgh town hall?  Would love to come. So when are you coming?  Open to all of the public??????
Toomey is just another GOP CROOK! Toomey a coward just like his leader The Donald.
Just saw only 30 tix available. Sounds like it will be in a kindergarten classroom. How about coming to a Penn State auditorium?
Make sure to ask about his illegal campaign contributions.
Wow, 54 people. How admirable! Is the pardoning of Arpaio your "line in the sand" yet? #impeach45
Fake town hall
How about an alternative "Town Hall" outside the event that includes actual people voicing real opinions?
Still too cowardly to come to Philly and take questions, huh?
Or Pittsburgh.

Sure and you limited seating to about 40 people having to get tickets! What a complete sham!
SenToomey, do you support Trump's pardon (and endorsement) of a racist, court-defying, showboating, abusive, birther sheriff?  Speak loudly!
Both @SenJohnMcCain and @JeffFlake opposed pardon.  It was an insult to the rule of law and constitutional powers.
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
What are you and your colleagues @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan going to DO!!!
Stop calling these intimate meetings a town hall.  You. Are. A. Coward.
What are your thoughts on Republican Trump's pardon of an Evil man? You must agree and it's disgraceful!
We will hold MoCs accountable for trying to give more tax breaks to billionaires & corporate insiders, while working families foot the bill.
@SenToomey this isn't a town hall...but more importantly, where is your outrage of Trump's pardoning racist bigot Arpaio? We demand answers
Hey, why no statement about Arpaio.  Do you not believe that the rule of law applies to all?
Hi Tomey - maybe you can address the racist WH, lack of believing in the laws.  Why have you not called out the pardon of Arpaino.
Video of Toomey at his 30 person "town hall" meeting.
39 seats for your constituents does not a town hall make. You are too cowardly to face us!
Vote that guy out lol.
Answer this question, Patty, When RU and others in your party going to start the impeachment of that pumpkin in the White House?  #EAEWO.
More ? submitted in advance. You define the term "coward". #CowardToomey #KochSucker
No surprise that you remain a coward
with 50  prescreened  and  warned  people, Not listening to voters  by  being selective From Burned out shell PA  voter
Sir, 30 people with pre-screened questions is not a town hall.
Care to comment now on the President's gross abuse of power in pardoning a racist criminal like Joe Arpaio?
So many negative responses to this so called Town Hall. Ya think you should start to pay attention to us? Just a thought.
What town hall only has 30 people? Get serious man! Your yellow streak is showing, BADLY! Real Pa citizens want to talk w/ you!
.@SenToomey, hon, that's not a town hall. Not close, no cigar.
Not a town hall.  Still a coward.
#theCowardToomey lies
Quit!
Is this going to actually be in public forum or are you going to hide in a TV studio again?
Why don't u call out this President on his support for white supremacists and his disregard for the rule of law?
30 tickets, that's 12.33M constituents in the state so you're going to let in .00023 percent of your constituents, la de dah!
You're a lying coward and we will not forget.
Philly wants you to show up here. We've got a lot to say.
Do you know JUST in Philly EVERY Thursday for 9 months, more than 30 people are waiting for you? Have been to DC to see you? CORRUPT COWARD!
Will address arpaio pardon. Trump attacks in constitution, on rule of law. His threat to America
This is not a town hall. Open town hall in Philly w/ no advance questions - when? #DoYourJob #realPA
Is a town hall w 54 constituents really a town hall? Profile in courage, you're not.
@SenToomey while a storm hits TX, our president pardons a racist criminal.  What do you say about that? #arpaiopardon  #RacistTrump
Now Pat?Now, will you listen to us & STOP TRUMP?NOW?What will it take?We will let you keep all the damn money you got from PACs just IMPEACH
54 people - with only 30 Tickets available to the public. This isn't a town hall, this is a coward trying to Hide. You suck @SenToomey!
Let's get some remarks about the pardon of AZ Sheriff. And your public position for/against this current Trump circus act.
He will stack it with his and trump, supporters
Get rid of trump he's an embarrassment
You should resign if you purposely choose to avoid your constituents.
Lol 54 people. Scaredy Cat Pat.
Well that proves he has 30 relatives
Ya know Senator, every time you skulk around the edges of a true, full-on town hall, it only highlights your timidity. #timidpattoomey
When will you be in the Pittsburgh area? Hope it will accommodate more than 30 people and no pre screening of questions.
Do you know what in-person town hall is? What are you scared of?
30 TICKETS? You're not a Senator at all. @SenBobCasey had a town hall in the same area and had an entire auditorium. You're absurd. Resign.
This should be hilarious.
Senators represent their entire state. Town halls should be held in every county.  Only hearing 30-50 people in one place is not sufficient.
When will you see us in Bradford County? Too rural? Is coming to your northern counties not worth your time? #coward #sycophant
Do you remember where Erie is Pat?
Pretty sure Senator Toomey is aware where Erie is.  He won that county in case you didn't know.
There you go again with the confusion about what is & what is not a Town Hall. This is not a Town Hall.
Bethlehem... PA? Just double checking.
Hey Pat, we can hold the town hall in my basement if there are any issues with the venue next week, as it will comfortably hold 50 people.
@lauraolson @PBS39Channel @mcall Easier to get an audience with @Pontifex than to get into #ToomeyTownHall
#fakenews .  This is not a town hall.
"limited to 54 people, with 30 tickets to be made available to the general public" This is not a town hall! This is barely a gathering!! 
You represent 12 million people, and there are 30 public tickets available? This is not a town hall. You're a joke.
Couldn't get s bigger hall? It will be limited to 54 people, with 30 tickets to be made available to the general public
HOLY SHIT! A REAL ONE?! When is the next one is southwest PA?
Is it true you only invited 30 people? This will kill your chances for re-election. Of course I've heard a rumor your not running. YES?
Town hall or hall closet? How small can you go? #timidpattoomey
2-D Toomey is 2 scared to not control the attendants or questions. 2 pathetic for words. Might as well phone it in.
I hope you people in the Bethlehem area give him hell.
Anyone have tickets or know how to get them? Notice it is just before a holiday weekend. Call this a hamlet hall only room for 54 seats.
It's a bullshit town hall
Weak sauce, Senator.
Can I come? I bet the answer is no.
When are you holding a town hall in Pittsburgh?
Great Sen. Wish I could b there Given  in extreme weather events hope u will detail ur plan to fix #climate. http://ted.com/talks/ted_hals … Thx!
"the models generally show an increase in the number of very intense” storms"
I believe the term you are looking for is alternative town hall.
"Town hall"
Are you taking the piss?
Limited to 54 people?
You do not represent me or my family. I'm tired of form letters and canned responses from you & staffers. You only care about yourself.
He represents me.  Sorry Katie didn't win.
The action of a cowardly faux-leader!
This is not s town hall. Not even close. Scripted questions and answers to a select audience is a show. #sham #TwoTermToomey
That will give you enough time to get all of your plants available with YOUR questions to ask.
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL. And you know it.
Too few people and too many restrictions. Not a discussion and exchange of ideas. A controlled environment by a Senator who is afraid of us
So, 30 seats for the public?  And pre-screened questions?  Nope.  Come to Philly, it's waaay past time for you to hear us.
Are you free Wednesday for a town hall in Philly? If Wednesday doesn't work for you, please propose an alternative date. Thanks! Can't wait!
Lame excuse for a town hall. You can (and should ) do better.
Never come to southern Chester co. Wonder why
Finally!  Coming to Philly soon?
Why such a small crowd though? And why so short? Got a fundraiser to get to?
I'm reading it's definitely just 30 members of the public. Sounds more like a dinner party than a townhall. COME TO PHILLY, you craven baby.
Shocked to my core.
I am quite sure there are halls that would fit an actual "Town Hall" in Bethlehem. You are as fake as your president.
For 54 people, with 30 tickets available. Man, Toomey, you really are a coward, aren't you? When you coming to Pittsburgh?
Here's a question for you:  when are you going to do something about his President?
When is the Philly town hall?
Is this like your scripted television townhall? That was FakeNews.
Still glad I voted for @KatieMcGintyPA in #Pittsburgh
I hope you do not continue to scuttle #ACA for the sake of our citizens.
Only 30 tickets available to the public and you have to sign a code of conduct? You are such a coward.
This will be 54 screened attendees with hand-picked softball questions your staff has prepared answers for. That's not a town hall, coward.
One town hall for 54 people?? coward
One town hall with limited attendance is not adequate to address the concerns of all. Your job is to represent all PAians.
@SenToomey is an unapologetic sycophant.  What does anyone think they will learn?
Real questions? Follow ups? Not prescreened?
In person? Not telephone one? With real people (not pre screened / invited)? Questions not pre screened? 
Following the links: in person BUT: limited to 54 people, 30 of them general public. Seriously ? Limited to 30 ?
And show photo ID. And sign a code of conduct agreement. Out of curiosity who doesn't get in when the ID is checked ?
AND there is a link for submitting questions. So yes they are pre screened too. Pat: this was a recent Casey town hall. Nobody screened.
( levels above me). It was wild I tell ya. One campus cop directing people . As you can see we were a rowdy unmannered bunch 
Don't spend my tax $ on a wall.
On a stupid wall for which we were told Mexico would pay
Do the 54 people allowed in include your mom, 23 cousins/second cousins,, and 30 local members of the KKK?
And they have to sign a Code of Conduct?  I'm pretty sure you signed one recently too. How's that working out for your constituents?
Can you get Trump to sign a code of conduct?
Wow!!! 54 people! Careful Senator, you don't want to risk talking to too many constituents. We might start thinking you're doing your job
Haha and only 30 available to the public. What a joke
54 PEOPLE IS NOT A TOWN HALL! Maybe you should watch @SenBobCasey's town halls to see what this is supposed to look like.
It is important that our elected legislators support our President. We in Pennsylvania elected Trump because we support his ideas.

I thought softball was a fall sport.
Grow a pair. Talk to real people. We have questions for you. 54???  Really???
holy cats.  are you actually going to brave meeting your constituents?
Cool when's the philly date?
@lauraolson @PBS39Channel @mcall is this an open town hall, or by invitation only? Unless open, it's not a Town Hall. Try again
Are the Koch brothers invited? #impeachtrump
When do you plan to do one in Bensalem,PA??
This not a town hall! 54 people from that area!? Get real Toomey, more blowing smoke up our ass!
So inappropriate to limit "town hall" to 54 ppl. So many great venues in the Lehigh Valley that can hold MANY constituents. Do better.
Not to mention he's reserving 24 seats for plants w/ only 30 at-large seats. After this much time, @SenToomey should rent @AtownFair @mcall
or Stabler or Zoellner or PPL Center or State Theater or any number of school gyms/auditoriums. Plenty of places to host, Pat. Serve us.
According to staff at LV office, "we don't control the number of tickets sold or questions. Only the studio size." So pick a bigger space 
I'll bring the tomatoes.
54 people? Sure seems like you're afraid to talk to the residents of PA.
Actually it's only 30 of the general public
Light it up, PA'ians.
Another one of those screened town halls we deserve a real 
Remember to manscape your balls beforehand.
You're a lame duck, to me anyway.
Another scripted television town hall or the real deal? Would be the first real town hall the Senator has held in over 3 years.
