No CNN is
You're a fool!
This is not a new or profound insight but i can't get over me how incredibly dumb, self-serving, self-absorbed, and sick these people are
I hope I live long enough to dance on their graves.
Unbelievably disingenuous @SenToomey. $45B allocation is not nearly enough & recovering addicts won't have healthcare access to stay clean.
Just go after the drug trail. No drugs, no addiction. We're taken for fools.
Apparently you haven't been personally affected by addiction. Count your luck. That's not how this works.
Raised my brothers kids when he was in rehab.
And going after the drug trail would've made him not an addict?
Actually I think it is lack of a functional healthcare system due to high numbered of uninsured which you are trying to make worse
the original bill did very little for opioid crisis.  sit down with senator casey and discuss this bill
SenToomey is bought & paid for by big donors on the right.He's on the wrong side of everything & not interested in what anyone thinks.

Mccockells bill will defund it, they'll die REPUBILICAN solved it
Quit calling it an opioid crisis, the people dyin are heroin addicts an don't know what its laced with..
Its a problem caused by the pharmaceutical companies and hospitals prescribing addictive meds to people unregulated by our government.
Not at all. Your just one sided thats all.

Thanks for coming out against this kind of embarrassing behavior.
Unfortunately...due to recent events at the BB field..you can rest assured that you won't be seeing any town meetings...
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
Hope ppl @SenToomey were watching their senator & remember what he said on Election Day.He's forgotten he works for them, not GOP.#Stay Woke
We're watching. He can't even hold a town hall without hand-picked tickets. He'd pull the plug on his own mother to get a tax break.
He hasn't had a town hall at all...I think it has been 3 years!
He had one with an hour's notice and tickets you couldn't get. Somehow that's 'representing'. 
So why isn't healthcare funded?


But we'll yank billions of coverage for tax cuts ..stop lying that NO ONE WILL LOOSE COVERAGE we know your a liar and afraid of meeting
It is very serious - agree - so #SaveACA  work to make it better. #SinglePayer #Medicare4All 
Have you asked him how much money he's gotten from opioids makwrs?
Sen Toomey we need a catastrophic healthcare plan for all, please stop "dancing around issue" country has argued this topic >50 yrs..
Senator Toomey, we need novel approaches to this issue.  CDC -deaths to prescription opioids has decreased and heroin increased-DEA fault ?
Actually, it is perfectly clear that the @SenateGOP led by @SenMajLdr and abetted by @SenToomey is the most serious public health threat.
Opiod addiction has become rhetoric with no substantial funding to address the issue!  Fooling no one!
Hey Jake be careful about reporting on anything other than Trump,  CNN ratings will fall.
AND YET YOU WANT TO CUT HEALTH BENEFITS THAT WOULD HELP COVER ADDICTION REFORM!!!! You do not behave like a Christian.
The most serious Heath issue in this country is you!
Bigger threat than capital gains taxes on the super wealthy? Maybe think about the priorities of your constituents for once. #KillTheBill
No trump is the most serious public health threat
Then why try to gut Medicaid by nearly trillion $? So your rich friends get a tax break? Come on...

What is that "special" funding for opioid treatment?
Don't like to talk toy your constituents lock them up.#ThisIsNotRussia
The health care bill that @SenToomey wants to ram down our throats is an even bigger threat.
And he responds to it by authoring a bill which cuts care to those impacted, to instead give the 1% a tax break. I'd ask him about THAT.
Yet the BHCA cuts millions of dollars to addressing it?
Please watch this.  I did say Please. Then tell me you .02 worth.  
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155243193210280&id=689695279 …
Glad you got him on to talk Jake. Sen. Toomey has been notably absent to his constituents.
Old song, stop the transport of drugs to our country. Sick of this nonsense. Political dance with the public. Were not fool's.
Sen. Toomey supported last weeks senate bill and now he's acting like he gives a damn about the opioid crisis ha!
Actually, you and your colleagues are currently the greatest threats to American health and safety
Called Toomey’s office today. Staffer said no in person town halls scheduled over break. Be like @SenBobCasey, grow a pair, face us.
Then why on earth do you support a bill that will take away treatment from thousands in PA? I'm a  constituent from 19027.
Then why does that evil man want to gut healthcare?
@SenToomey @CNN vote against tax cut my local polls say do not cut Medicaid we will elect someone else
Nobody in PA believes a word @SenToomey says. He's a profiteering hypocrite who sold us out to pharma and insurance co. Coward runs from us!
I am one of your constituents --- this is a tax cut for people like you facilitated by cutting health care for the poor.
@SenToomey yet u wanted to cut funding to $2bn and still plan to deny healthcare to 2.8m americans with substance abuse problems. hypocrite
Too bad we won't be able to fund fixing it.
Deport to Ireland !
Meh. I’ll go with global warming. Seems to trump most concerns.
And yet, his senate health care proposal would cut cats for those most afflicted by this.
Fantastic. Then I guess you'll vote against the AHCA then?  The AHCA does nothing to help this crisis. Get a spine and vote for PA & not GOP
No, that would be Republican health care.#Trumpcare
@SenToomey get off the TV, come to PA and hold a town hall. Hear what #realPA has to say about your choices and rubber stamping.
Poor or no health insurance is even a larger threat, and for more people. Also: if you're concerned re: opioids, why cut treatment funds?
@SenToomey why are you working so hard to take insurance away from people. Please explain the spending caps why you are permitting caps?
@SenToomey is the worst kind of snake. Saying this while working to dismantle the healthcare system all the while. He disgusts me.
So WHY did you help craft this new healthcare plan that guts Medicaid, which helps with rehab and opioids programs?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Sen. Toomey: And I am doing my best to make it even worse. LMAO
Omg not the Russian deal that Jeff Zucker wants to keep pushing
Yeah... Which is why we don't want you to take our health insurance away. #SaveOurCare
Oh gee what do you think we're all a bunch of morons it's cocaine the rich person's drug of choice and alcohol
How come we don't talk about the addiction of greed and alcohol those are the two top addictions
FOR TURNING THEIR BACK ON GOD.. BUT YALL BABEL ON,YOU FOOLS,GUESSERS,BLINDIES,SPECULATORS,GREAT LOVERS OF YOURSELVES..
What happened to global warming??
VERSE,IS THE POPPY PLANT WHERE OPIOID AND HEROINE COME FROM,YOU'D KNOW GOD FORETOLD OF THIS PLAGUE UPON AN UNGODLY NATION
YALL ARE ALWAYS TALKING ABOUT PLAGUES,BUT YALL SPEAK OF PLAGUES OF MEN..HOSEA 10:4.IF YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE HEMLOCK IN
So why is he cutting access addiction treatment by gutting Medicaid to give a tax cut to millionaires? @SenToomey #trumpcare
Toovey brings a squirt gun 2 a forest fire!
You do well but for my dear^^
Agreed it's up there!
Opioid crisis is the lure for Manchin, Murkowski, Collins to negotiate on repeal. Completely cynical posturing by the GOP.
Urgent attention should paid this is  quite a serious  issue
And yet, @SenToomey was part of the group who developed a senate bill that will negatively affect millions & the rich will get a tax cut.
@SenSanders STOLE MILLIONS through a school (ironic, bcuz the Communist Sanders preaches free school, yet steals from gov.) funding scandal!
I think you mean global warming.
Did @CNN know that a prominent politician @SenSanders, is under investigation along with his wife? MAJOR BREAKING NEWS...guess not on CNN!!
Is that Sen. Toomey? Didn't recognize him as he never faces his constituents here in PA.
What about the CANCER CRISIS in this country. People CHOOSE to use opioids. Cancer is a disease!
Why does Toomey support free healthcare and rehab for law-breaking addicts but not for hard-working law-abiding citizens? Some conservative.
Learn your Senators.  Toomey's a moderate.  I guess Russia didn't teach enough.  Better go back & complain.
is that fake tapper?
The Republicans are not recognizing the people of this country 99%, whose TAX DOLLARS, they paid into this government. What is this really!
... to white folks.
The Republicans don't really believe this to be true otherwise they wouldn't be shaping the healthcare bill and cutting funding as they are
Docs, (who?, ha!)
What are they good for?
Couple a opioid scripts
It's a very serious that we have pharmaceutical companies that are able to push legal heroine and get people addicted. SAD.
Of course it is but if they don't have #healthcare to take care of themselves after they're clean then what's the purpose?
People like me need opoids to help with there pain
Jake the Fake Tapper here, this is fake news. Please disregard as a retacrion is set to hit our website within the next 24 hours.
Annex Mexico
Fake News should be Drug Tested..........
