By the American people you mean greedy rich white men
I am neither greedy, nor rich, nor a white man and I am completely for repealing Obamacare. But I am not for a new bill, free market care!
Say hi to your russian handlers for me
still going with the fake russian narrative, huh?
Love you
Awe honey have you seen the dismal approval (lack there of) ratings for trumpcare? And that the GOP is sabotaging Obamacare
sabotaging Obamacare? are you kidding? Obamacare has been a failure, all on its own, for the last few years. It was never sustainable...
Oh you're a twitter bot. Not a real person got it
no I am def a real person!
Put a picture on there. Most boys don't have pictures. Then I wouldn't have accused you of being one
I put a picture, happy? I am new to twitter and dont even come on here much, so I didnt care to have a picture.....
Tell the truth your agenda is eliminate Medicaid Medicare and social security
stop drinking the kool-aid..
You are drinking it . I work in the healthcare profession
oh you work in the sickcare profession? what do you do exactly? And tell me how great our sick care system is? I take care of my own health.
The best emergency care is at s public hospital who receive the most trauma patients and have very well trained doctors.
If you don't like Obamacare you could always move to a different country
There are only two civilized countries in the whole world without universal healthcare one is Paraguay and you know who the other is
Never forget that Americans are under the misconception that they are the only free country in the world which is not the case at all
Fix.  Fix. Fix. DO NOT repeal and replace. No one said it's perfect, but it gets a LOT more of us covered.needs adjustment but isn't failing
How wpuld Toomey know what the people are saying. He won't speak to anyone!
You seem to ignore the American people. What's up with your townhall meetings. You scared?
Pat, just focus on bee keeping.
The poorly informed 16% of Americans  who support this bill....

Real fake news network Fox...
@SenToomey where do you get this info?
And by the way, you represent PA, not "the American people" yet you refuse to get input or change based on overwhelming feedback
I will always think"trump" when I think Toomey. Pea in a pod.
WE know you lie at Fox. It is totally untrue that the ACA is failing. Why don't you try to be honest at Fox for a change.
You're not listening to the American people Pat.
@SenToomey The American people have spoken on this many times. They know that Trumpcare will fail. #NotMyPresident #premierTrump
Obamacare isn't failing! The President & GOP are sabotaging it! Ins. Co. fear they will not get paid. Lots of uncertainty w Trump admin.
This American person is speaking out now. #Obamacare is not failing. @SenToomey I urge you not to support the Trump Health Care plan.
What's failing is the republicans
REPUBLICANS  wouldn't fail if demms. Money got out of the way..
Republicans have the house and senate, and still have their heads up Their ass! #fail
You can go suck a raw dgg too then
I could go for ToomeyCare
Dont vote on something you haven't seen
Fix the aca!!!otherwise you vote to sentence the American people to a death sentence
We know that Republicans spent 6 years sabotaging ACA and not lifting a finger to try to fix because, you know, 44
Talk to the people in your state...the ones that feel the ACA is their lifeline. Then mandate that Ins Co stop raising rates!
So fix it. Without taking affordable care away from millions
How would you know? You're afraid to show up at your own town hall meeting . Can't wait for you to be voted out !
Then be reasonable and fix it!  The legislation presented by the team of 11 white guys is shameful.
Then FIX IT
It was said bc No matter what @POTUS  does, its damned by liberals aand dems. And lefts.. calls4 impeachment  on everything
yup, and the comments in this thread prove it..liberals and dems refuse to own up to their own failures..blame everyone else but themselves
Yes, and the American people know why it is failing! GOP sabotage!
haha you are funny! A bill completely written and passed by dems and it is the repubs fault? They had nothing to do with the bill!
Take obamacare away and put it back the way it was b4 obamacare
They've been saying that #Obamacare is collapsing for months but it's still here.When is this collapse going to occur?
Failing only due to @POTUS and GOP unwilling to collaborate and build on the good aspects, instead sabotaging.
Let it crash and burn embarrass the democrats embarrass obama
Yes, let's let people suffer and die just to prove a point. Good idea genius
what have they done to sabotage? The dems created the bill, then voted on it without even reading it. the bill is collapsing on its own..
Being sabotaged is not the same as failing.
Capitalism out of social service now #Medicare4All is only answer and everyone knows it,who's lining your pocket @AdamBercosky
Again you aren't listening to our constituents. Drop your mean plan and work to fix ACA. What you are doing is a disgrace.
So once you decide that #HealthCare is a human right, the answer is simple: #MedicareForAll. Anything else is simply a tax cut for the rich.
I have health ins I can afford. Tell us HOW it's failing DONT just say it is.
@realDonaldTrump Mika played you. It shows the world your inherent weakness... your feelings.@Morning_Joe  You will not lie your way free!
I believe any healthcare plan will fail until you start calling it #insurancereform. @SenToomey
And we want FULL REPEAL Senator!
Sen Toomey Americans are speaking Republican legislatures are failing them. Where is the GOP Bill?
So stop blaming Obama & fix it. Take some time over your recess to put yourself in the shoes of those who need Medicaid.
Total lie. What the American people have said is that we know the GOP has sabotaged it at every turn.
They have been lied to by @FOXNews for so many years they don't even know that repealing Obamacare is repealing their ACA... cont
Cont. Gutting Medicaid will close hospitals, kick Granny out of her Nursing Home, and leave opioid victims... cont
Cont. ...high and dry. Tell them the truth @SenToomey.
time for a new battery in your hearing aid! Don't know who you're listening to not your constituents!
The American people never said, "Raid Medicaid for tax cuts & give us a crappy healthcare plan that covers less & costs more!" NEVER!
If you would sabotaging ACA & fix the problems it will work.But your goal is tax breaks for billionaires,not healthcare so you won't do that
How would you know what the American People are saying? You don't hold town halls & you arrest protestors who want you to listen to us!
I'm sick of hearing "the American People" say/want/believe! You are not speaking for all Americans.
You senator, epitomize failure as an elected representative when won't even meet with us to REALLY discuss Wealthcare for your CFG buddies.
We know it's it's failing but your alternative is not solution!You've had at years to get a plan ready WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN DOING! Miffed19010
Here's a concept - come to a town hall meeting and actually ask your constituents what they want. 19046
So tell the truth for once, you bunch of liars.
because the republicans governors have been destroying it, along with the Republican GOP.
Obamacare is not failing, it doing fine in every Democratic state, it only failing in the Republicans states
BTW, we will be sure and not vote republican until you show us all that you have changed your attitudes, so listen 2 us, do your job!
And you well pay with your job....!
You a liar, the American people have not spoken on it, because they been lied too, by the GOP and Trump.
Wish they knew how Obama Care would do for Americans 8 years later weird how that slipped through the cracks
How bout we gather all Trump voters..and HAVE THEM VOTE ON THIS.. I CAN BET YOU..THEY WANT OBAMA CARE ..MEDICAID..AND ACA!
Obamacare isn't failing,You, who are suppose to resent us, are failing us and the ins we have now..Obamacare! Have you all lost your minds?!
Bullshit
How do you know? You're too afraid to have a town hall and face your constituents.
I can't imagine what so many people without coverage is going to do to our economy. Let alone the jobs lost by medical professionals etc.
Mostly because our deadbeat president is withholding supplemental funds from insurance companies.
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
You, sir, are terrible for Pennsylvanians, and we won't forget it come election time. #GopHealthCareIsMurder
That is NOT acceptable
That is just a lie.
Wrong.  ACA is wildly popular with average Americans.  Trumpcare, on the other hand, is in the tank.  As your dear leader would say ... Sad.
um.. you are apparently deaf. Obamacare is more popular than every.. #idiot
Your name is appropriate  for your HealthCare program "Tomb-me".
You're speaking to the wrong people Senator.
How would you know, Pat? You refuse to speak to your constituents.
"This is beneath dignity of POTUS. It undermines ability to get agenda done."
Can't let anything interfere with take away healthcare agenda!
You r so out of touch with your constituents.  WE DONT WANT YOUR DEATHCARE BILL. If u had  twnhll mtgs u would know that. Toomey bad 4 PA;
As if you (#elites) would let the American People speak
#VoterSuppression is, like #FoxNews, about controlling the outcome to one YOU want.
They only "know" this because they unfortunately believe people like you without fully understanding the system. Stop lying to people.
at least Americans have health insur.- not one citizen should lose coverage. Cutting people off health insurance won't make America great
What American ?  The ones that are going to lose heathcare? Or the trumpette puppets
https://m.facebook.com/groups/1307037749318002?view=permalink&id=1466796390008803 …
A - Hole - shut up - FIX the ACA
How can you possibly know this, Pat, since you don't actually speak to the people?
That is key to his delusion!!
Elections comming
HAHAHAHA! Lying twit interviewed by a sycophantic media outlet.
No @SenToomey, I'm an American and I love my health insurance! #SaveOurCare #SaveACA
You have said that lie for 7 years and all you can propose is less coverage, more cost, and a tax cut for your richest contributes. Shame
He got on tv w his elderly mother & said I promise not 2 fuck the elderly or medicaid. @SenToomey #tcot #AARP #Republicans #ClearlyCare
Unfortunately for you, ObamaCare is still way more popular than TrumpCare on Fake News Poll.
TrumpCare is liked by 17% nuts like Toomey only
Where the heck are these 'Americans'?  This bill has 17% approval rating.  Maybe you should try talking to everyone!
I detest your outright lies.  How do you look yourself and your family in the eye?  Try protecting us Americans.
Seriously Pat? You need to get out more...like a TOWN HALL...maybe then you would really know what the American people are talking about.
They republicans might look like they have the head count to get things done but the problem is the Republcian party is about 10% Democrat
Nope.
Who are you listening too?  America wants the ACA to stay and 12% approve the joke that is trump care.Start listening to your constituents

Lies
Really - then why don't you have a townhall?  You are a chicken.
this is the case where the arsonists are the ones crying fire
Liar
Fatuous argle-bargle gurgles forth from the face hole of the Coward Toomey
They have spoken...only 12-17% support the new bill.

You reveal yourself to be a partisan fool nearly every day.
Wrong!
You sure keep trying to convince your constituents of that or are you trying to convince yourself
Why are medical costs increasing???? .... Ambulance Chasers (lawyers)....Tort Reform needs to be addressed...BIG TIME!
The American people have spoken they're not buying your garbage! The republicans are an epic fail!
Check his timeline, his constituents are saying they don't want Trumpcare
Bullshit.
Liar! People don't think Obamacare is failing - people know GOP is failing.  Fix ACA, forget shitty Trumpcare and move on.
Trump, Toomey, and all the Republicans will be looking for new jobs next term. #impeach #not.making.america.great
I am ashamed you have an Irish name I think I will call you tool from now on look up what that means in irish cause it's not a compliment
Trump is unraveling...quicker than anyone could have imagined.   When will the GOP realize this and actually do something about it?
How do we sign up for the GOP healthcare plan?
Obamacare is not failing. You are failing your constituents by supporting the Senate healthcare Reconciliation act
LIAR !
the people r speaking & they dont like the new heath care bill! 
read these comments, listen to ur voicemails, & do the right thing for once
Vote no. Save your constituents.
Millions have spoken out against the @GOP replacement which you helped draft, but let's ignore the facts. #AHCA #GOP #PartyOverCountry
Which people have spoken?  This is an American issue not just Republican or Democrats. Reach across the isle and solve the problem togeher.
You mean they know that the Republicans have sabotaged ObamaCare.
Wrong , the only ones that have spoken about this is , the republicans.
How would you know what we've said? Obviously you are not reading our letters or taking calls. God forbid you have a town hall.
@SenToomey does not have the least idea what the people of Pennsylvania say unless they happen to be employed by large insurance companies
You dummy, pay attention to even the FOX POLLS, America hates your bill.
And Trumpcare is even worse - of course you don't care because you and Trump both get huge tax cuts at the expense of the poor
We have spoken, protested, blocked the doors to your offices, emailed, written & phoned our opposition. You refuse to meet with & hear us.
wouldn't know.  He refuses to acknowledge his constituents.  He lies. But then, @FoxNews lies too - we are all screwed
WHO DID U ASK??..WHEN DID U ASK?? WHAT DID THEY SAY??hump, ryan, coal-man & KOCH BROS...ALL SAID WHAT EXACTLY?? POOR, OLD, BLACK GETOUT!!!??
Well, support is growing for some reason....   Maybe no solution form GOP?
The idea that ObamaCare is failing is a lie.  LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE
Obamacare only fails if we let it. Obamacare makes it possible for me to have health insurance and access to healthcare. Save Obamacare
Further more, we think Obamacare is dying because we know you and your cronies are killing it.  For your own profit, by the way.
Yes, there are problems to ACA. However, you should not have to decimate care for the less fortunate or disabled to fix it. Try harder!!!
Did you not look at the cover of USA Today this morning?  Approval rates of the proposed bill is phenomenally low.
Sen Toomey: you are failing ObamaCare. Fix it not repeal it!
No, we know the @GOP is standing on the neck of ACA hoping for death.
Counties in ur constituency are designated Health Provider Shortage areas, ur bill will make it worse. Why deny us healthcare? #NoTrumpcare
You are a failure to all Pennsylvanians. Prepare to pack, your days are numbered in DC.
Just another GOP lie. Healthcare is a basic human right, like clean air/water/land per usual the GOP put $$ over people. #NoTrumpcare
the GOP is letting it fail. I'm a PA voter, you better think long and hard about what you are going to do. Because you can be replaced.
This is proof you aren't listening to your constituents.
If you're a GOP leader & you're still supporting President Trump, you own this & everything he does to destroy our country. This means you!
Only failing because of your party's amendment demands years ago and Trump'svirrational, irresponsible behavior. New bill is even worse.
How about showing up at a town hall and listening to what we say instead of saying whatever fits your agenda?
Yeah.  Needs a #facelift before it goes anywhere.
You're causing it to fail. The Senate bill is a discrace.
We know you don't do your job and we want to #Recall you. You should tell @FoxNews all about that instead of these lies.
Please don't speak for us considering you never talk to us in person. But of course you go on FOXNews
And yet you ignore ObamaCare is  is far more popular than Trump Toomey Care being secreted through the senate.
No one plans on losing their job but when they do, the COBRA ins that is offered is $1600 a month for husband and wife, $2500+ for families.
When you don't have a job how are you supposed to pay these outrageous amounts for health insurance?????
My question exactly. When I lost my job last fall the COBRA was $1450, just for me. Couldn't do it.
I worked in a Cobra dept for years and after Obama and the ACA people were able to buy insurance and still be able to eat!!
They never spoke about destroying all of it.  #NOToomeycare
Yes.The Americans have spoken and said that they do not approve the R plan.be honest they only thing people have asked for is lower premiums
Either you have no clue, sir, or your pockets are lined with monies from PACs. You need to listen to the people's voices. Stop this!
How would you know what your constituents think? You are never in your home office and don't answer the phone.

If only @SenToomey cared as much about saving American lives as he does sugar, #TrumpCare would fail. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/880481036857208832 …
Could seriously lose my mind hrng this obvious bullshit& yet there will be the vulnerable/naive who will believe w/o question bec he spoke

Then why is approval rating for the #ACA higher than the dismal approval rating for your #BCRA? Oppose the BCRA. #BCRAP #AHCAKills 15126
You are lying so often, you may be catching up with @POTUS !  Stop!!
#KillTheBill
UR wrong: the majority of your *constituents* support OCare... the majority of your *big donors* do not.
That is like saying that your plants keep failing because you refuse to water them.
They also know that Republicans are full of shit and 27% support their trash replacement.
When did you hear the people clamor for 500 billion in tax cuts for the richest among us? Asking for a friend.
202-224-3121 #TaxCuts4TheRich NOT HealthCare! #TrumpCare is a cruel #SCAM on our nation's most vulnerable. Demand your Senator vote NO!
Wrong. 15% of Americans hate GOP bill. Just fix ACA with dems.
Go cry to your President.
Putin really had to pull off a voting hack to get Toomey back in Senate as he is coward who doesnt show up to defend his lies in PA! NEVER.
You have read these talking points many times. The American people still don't agree. They know #BCRA will make things worse. #SaveOurCare
