You corrupt @GOP sandbagged Merrick Garland who was a perfect nominee not like Gorsuch. You did all and more of what you blame on the dems
Remember you were on the team that refused everything our previous president tried to do for the people. You are a KOCH SHILL
Ridiculous explanation not necessary - You've clearly abolished the filibuster because you can - same reason you denied Garland a hearing!
PA needs to seriously consider a mechanism to recall corrupt government officials. You need to be removed from office.
Great example another Republican sexual predator
Because his confirmation was for a place that had NOT BEEN STOLEN from the Democrats!!!
Thomas also got a confirmation hearing, unlike certain other candidates too!
That was the biggest sham put on the America. Prior to TRUMP
rI support your vote and thanks for doing the right thing.  Bob Casey has to go in 2018'
#judgeGarland
But you went with not voting on Garland, nor did you buck the party that if HRC were president there would be no vote. Forget party line.
Recall Pat Toomey!
But Pres. Obama's nominee wasn't even given a hearing, so stop pointing fingers and go look in a mirror.
I do not, do not want you to vote that  biased SOB in.  I am a Pennsylvanian and I don't want him in the Supreme Court
Your supreme leader is most likely guilty of treason. None of his actions should be upheld.
let's not speak of the 300 Plus times repubs filibustered last admin.  All are culpable for divisive congress.
But, Thomas was afforded a hearing!  You are a joke as a senator. You only vote (R) and your pocket.  You will not be re-elected.
Clarence Thomas managed to get a hearing and a vote. Imagine that!!  Why not Garland?  Huh?  Respond, Sen Toomey
He should have been
Trump won people. Get over it. The republicans applied the Obama/Biden rule and refused Garland a vote. They won - you lost.
"Trump won get over it" you sound like an ill informed, spoiled toddler repeating that phrase robotically.
But you know what he did get?? A VOTE. Unlike what you did with Garland. You're a joke. You barely won. You will be voted out.
what goes around, comes around...Toomey name is reviled in PA...
Clarence THOMAS SHOULD not gotten on!
and that vote was a "good ole boys" network machine working
Garland - say it slowly and repeatedly. Look in the mirror. Keep saying it.
I can't wait until you're up for re-election. Sadly, a few years off but I will wait patiently and do all I can to show U unemployment line.
Can we impeach you? Your "take" is bought or given to you by someone else. Useless
Not a reason to change the rules for one person.
And what were the events surrounding the Merrick Garland nomination? Can you remind me?
Gorsuch is of far less caliber and perhaps character. Plus your party stole the seat. Stop with the trash talk and fess up to your own sins.
Well he should have been!  He's quite simply the most BOUGHT 4 Supreme Court Jstce ever!  U sir R shameless! How much did U make to vote yes
MERRICK GARLAND enough said
You mean they didn't filibuster the harassing black guy how could they do it to a clean white federalist ideologue?
Merrick Garland was not even give a vote!!! #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland You are a pathetic hypocrite!
Your point?
Look how well that turned out ! Citizens united !
Let's consider the 79 judicial nominees obstructed by Senste Republicans during Obamas presidency
His sexual assault allegations should have disqualified him, so too should Gorsuch's plagiarism. people angry bc Of how YOU treated Garland
Welcome to back colonial times before we created something better than Parlimentary procedure. Pass the tea and scones, say what old bean.
Justice Garland asked me to say hi.
and my gosh has the country learned to greatly regret that decision...can thank Thomas for Citizens United & Voting Rights Bill destruction
Merrick Garland. Remember his name. It will be your downfall.
Just stop. Until you hold a townhall we don't want to hear your lies !!
That was then, this is now, do we need the corporate state to control all three branches?
Thomas wasn't nominated by a white house under investigation after Senate by-passed another legitamate, qualified nominee w/out reason
We all know how you Republicans like your pubic hair.
MERRICK GARLAND
This rules change is WRONG for America!
he should have been. Not qualified, sexual deviant
Are you really citing the confirmation of a sexual predator as a litmus test?  Shame on you.
With the 'even' you're admitting he's a horrible judge/person.
you just DONT GET OT. You afraid little partisan hack. How are u my senator?!
One response Senator Toomey. #MerrickGarland
Even Justice Clarence Thomas received consideration and a hearing. Your tone deaf tweet is an insult to all Pennsylvanians and Americans
It's the losers way out. Going to lose? Change the rules! Disgusting!
So many NEGATIVE tweets! 
You're reaching deep into the bottom of the barrel now...
He should have been!
Please list times, dates & locations for your townhalls. Tell us in person why you're ignoring citizens #realPA #indivisible
Ever justice on the court had said no to this clown!
This doesn't support going nuclear. It will be in your heads and remembered.
And look what a huge disapointnent he turned out to be
Even Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in an election year under Reagan, got a Senate hearing. That's how the constitution works.
We cannot ignore how Republicans flouted the constitution - the architecture of our government. It endangers our country.
Failing to give Merrick Garland a vote was dereliction of duty by a Senator. Sleep on that and let it sink in.
I really wish they'd had the balls to filibuster Thomas, he's a terrible judge.
Merrick Garland?
Hmmm. Was he nominated by a president who was under investigation for colluding with a foreign power to rig the election?
shame, Senator, shame

And deep down you know it!

And to his staff that runs his twitter acct, you should be embarrassed too!
If I recall right, that was because Clarence Thomas kept squalling "racist"
Evasive
Plagiarism
Sir,may I note that you did not do your job when not considering Obama's nomination. Just noting. 2 wrongs don't make a right, true.
Learn the us senate history, not the Nazi republican version
He got a hearing.  Unlike garland
The fact that doesn't the trouble You means you are complicit in the corruption and a disgrace to the Senate and the state of PA. 2/2
We are living in a world where the reckless GOP is trying to fill a stolen SCOTUS seat while GOP president is subject of FBI invstg.1/2
The GOP wasn't as insane and partisan then, either. They at least attempted to govern. Not true anymore.
Democrats and Republicans forget Garland.  This is the sabotaging of our Constitution.  Our constitution belongs to all of us.
@SenToomey 9) Will you meet with us on Tuesday to discuss the implications of your party's decision?
He was, however, given a hearing. #MerrickGarland
You are preaching to an empty church. We are all voting against you. Can we get you impeached too?
Koch Bros/JCN demand a return on their $10M investment...how much are they paying you?? @All100Senators
good luck with your Easter DUty. Remember you must honestly examine your conscience, and take responsibility.
Get stuffed.
The entire republican party is nothing but a coup into our former democracy. Garland should be on Scotos
Really? Coming from a corporate shill politician who hides from his constituents. Your party taught dems how to filibuster and obstruct.
Did you bring up Thomas because you want to tie into all the other current sexual harassment news?
How dare u complain about precedent when @SenateGOP stole this SCOTUS seat from M. Garland 4 purely partisan goals. U started this mess, sir
Is there a precedent for what you and your colleagues did to Merrick Garland?
Hold a town hall, bruh.
How come you never ASK US?
Boo Hoo! You did your voters wrong and you know it. DelCo will remember what a liar and con you are!
So will Lancaster
If he could get confirmed. Then why not Gorsuch.  That was one hell of a mess the Thomas confirmation.
Right. He was voted on, like all legally appointed candidates should be.
I am assuming, because you are being oddly vocal, the deposit check from the NRA has cleared. Kaching!
he wasn't nominated by a president who's staff was so closely tied to a foreign state.
Still trying to weasel out of this? Work on a resume instead, or retirement account.
Senate Reps ceded their right to cite SC confirmation history and decorum when they denied the eminently qualified Merrick Garland a hearing
9 tweets 2 show how much of a Republican u are 2 a swing state where more people care about being able 2 afford mediacal bills than politics
Was Justice Thomas nominated by a president under FBI investigation after unconstitutionally ignoring the previous POTUS's nomination?
#MerrickGarland
If you're going to attempt a thread, you should at least be good at it, like @SenBobCasey 
9/ But he should have been. He's a sexual predator.
According to some lying ho bag.
Yes we know.He assaulted a women.So why wouldn't you support him?
Why didn't you consider Merrick Garland? This was his seat you coward! Town hall!
Goes to show you how bad this guy is ...is this ur point?
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
You should have thought about that before your party blocked Obama's nominee, you sad stooge
Have you ever thought that most of America does not want this guy on the Supreme Court?  Maybe you should listen to your constituents.
Are you just getting this out of the way now so you can take softballs from donors during your FB groupchat tonight?
