Sanctuary cities don't protect felons but you already know this but thanks for lying to us we appreciate it.
Time to correct:  Revisit page, ICE error, sheriff followed law.  And highlight this was OR, not PA, just xenophobic rhetoric from  you
ICE error led to Portland sex assault suspect's release, sheriff says
Still waiting for your correction that ICE messed up , and admit your spreading xenophobic outliers to support your hatred of philly
Self-serving politician who refuses to meet constituents or do their bidding uses outlier to support lame argument.
Liberals don't seem to care about legal citizens that are here
What's this got to do with sanctuary? If this guy shot someone you wouldn't use this to defend gun control.
Stop embarrassing Pennsylvania.
One case. Fear mongered. How about all the gun violence by "real" Americans?
To have held this man in custody in December 2016 would have been illegal. You can't hold someone for a crime not yet committed.
All you have is anecdotes. Show me the statistics, or do they not go your way?
"Reforming American Immigration for a Strong Economy Act"
Please support this @SenToomey
There will always be some bad people but you are deporting some who are family people. Come on you can't agree with deportation of moms
Why didn't ICE get and lodge a Warrant, that's what the Constitution requires. Too much trouble to follow the 4th Amendment?
You're a hypocrite, Senator Toomey.
If he had been an American ex-con who sexually assaulted a senior citizen would that have made it okay?
And that's your argument?
Nope. Deporting criminals, only to allow them freedom of movement to re-enter the country & commit more crimes is not the answer.
Sanctuary cities allow for all people to report crimes without needlessly getting caught up in an unjust immigration system.
It's sad but you where willing to kick 23 million Americans  off healh insurance when u voted yes didn't u receive over 300 grand
Not forcing someone to buy insurance does not equal kicking people off of insurance.
Whatever
Great comeback.  So glad you are serious about the issue.
You mean like D's do with gun violence to justify gun control?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas_sharpshooter_fallacy …
How many other times has this happened? You know its not the rule
Start holding face to face town halls with ur employers. We'll be glad to tell U what to do.
Why do you blame all immigrants for one man's crime? Why aren't you also talking about the ways immigrants enrich the US? #NoHateNoFear
This is not what happens with most immigrants and is an unfair portrayal of them. You should be ashamed of yourself for posting this.
One example does not a global truth make. 1 bad apple does not equal millions of law-abiding immigrants, undocumented or not.
Why no empathy for victims from you people? How about billions spent on healthcare/ government programs for illegals? Unable to see truth
The fact that he's a sexual offender has NOTHING to do with his immigration status! You think white men don't do this?!
You encourage bigotry with tweets like this by linking race to other crimes. Do you NOT see that you perpetuate the problem?!
I've had about enough of bigoted politicians. You're part of the problem, not the solution. Stop implying white people are better!
Media: this is Pat Toomey being racist and implying that a sex crime is tied to the race of the culprit. Disgusting.
Convicted felon, deported 20 times, released only to sexually assault a 65 yr old. Sanctuary city policies must end. http://bit.ly/2ucVph4 
@SenToomey  I suggest we start with Philly first, it is a real arm pit sanctuary city. #MAGA @POTUS
Released from what? Why?
Sounds like ICE, a Federal agency failed to keep the convicted felon out of US 20 times. Maybe you should hold ICE accountable.
As must home grown violence. The rhetoric of Sanctuary Cities, Muslim terror must end. Do you think anyone cares who killed their loved one?
575 jobs lost at GE in Erie, PA and still no comment from you Or is this #FAKENEWS You really are  a #POS
You can comment on this but not on the 575 workers losing their jobs in Erie, PA. your state. Trump won't allow you to comment on bad news?
DEFEND THE 4TH AMENDMENT.
Sure take one rare incident and generalize against immigrants! Does one bad senator make all senators bad? Hint!
Crime in Philly is at a 40-year low. If your true concern is immigration reform, then you are to blame, Senator.
STOP. This is an exception, not the rule. You know it as FEAR MONGERING.
'member when you toed the line and wouldn't say if you were for Trump all last year? and now you're just like him? I 'member
Because clearly deportation is helping. 
If he was deported 20 times, the sanctuary city is not the problem.
Of all the issues facing the current administration, this topic should be the least of your worries. Start listening to your constituents.
Preventing this 1 crime would not outweigh all unreported crimes by denying aliens access to police. Stop trying to scare us w/ brown people
You are a TRUMPKIN, rubber stamp
A baker makes you sick and you say all bakers can't be trusted and will also make u sick.
Sir, terrible as such crimes are, this has nothing re: sanctuary cities. Please work for Medicare for All, tax relief srs., infrastructure.
The Democrat idiot politicians need to have some of their own savagely attacked by criminal illegal aliens! Only then maybe they will think!
Good to know that the GOP governs with a series of unrelated scary anecdotes.  This is the longest shark jump in history.
Hold a town hall. Public. No handpicked participants. Announced well in advance. We'll discuss with facts.
You pick and choose you info. Should be ban Republican lawmakers from public bathrooms. How many of them were let go
One anecdote does not a trend make. Check out real, factual statistics for a change. Sanctuary cities prevent Federal overreach.
Mind your own business Toomey- you don't give a crap about Philly or the residents- go back to your house in Virginia
Sanctuary city policies have nothing to do with this case. They only protect those whose only crime is being undocumented.
The statistics still show aliens are less likely to commit felonies than native born Americans.  You can always find an exception.
Congratulations, you found an incident that backs up your argument.  What percentage of illegal immigrants commit crimes vs citizens?
Thousands more WHITE AMERICAN MEN have done worse and get a slap on the wrist. I think you point out our justice system is flawed.
Glad you keep abreast of Oregon news. Same you can't do the same for Pennsylvanians.
Where was your outrage when all boys of America heard Trump say-wealthy "famous"  white men have the right to grab a women's pussy
College football programs must end:
Did you EVEN read the article? He was deported and re-entered the country? You really think a wall will stop THIS?
@SenToomey should stop trying to be trump jr. There already is a trump jr. Help Pa. Senator. We elected you.
You search the country for these bad cases to push your xeonphobic blanket policies that hurt honest hard-working members of society.
President of the United States sexually assaults women, brags about it...and you vote for him. You no longer have any credibility. Sad.
Senator Toomey has an agenda. Destroy America, turn over all the wealth to the oligarchy.
There are far more citizens of the U.S. Committing these types of serious crimes.Using isolated crimes only makes u look stupid.
Here's what has to end. Far more widespread and dangerous. What are you doing to protect us from this?
https://theintercept.com/2017/01/31/the-fbi-has-quietly-investigated-white-supremacist-infiltration-of-law-enforcement/ …
Anecdotes do not equal data. Big picture. Look at it.
race baiting politicians must end
How is the failure of our immigration boarder security the fault of local police forces doing their job?
Cherry picking crime statistics in a country of 300 million + is basically lying.   It's what a demagogue does -pathetic- I'm ashamed of you
Aren't you the Senator of PA? Stop spreading fear. #fearmonger
Your Logical Fallacy is… Anecdotal. Thank you for playing.
Either we are a nation of laws or it's anything goes and we live in chaos..come into the country legally.
When you're running for re-election, remember that these cities will have no sanctuary for you. In Pittsburgh, we don't protect the cowardly
#RecallToomey
... people who need sanctuary are not denied their humanity because of a few.
This is not a solution. This is a band aid. Band aids tend to fall off. Time to start looking for different solutions, so that the ...
You talk about wanting to end this policy, yet what policies have you come up w/to end recidivism for American criminals?
This is awful, but has NOTHING TO DO WITH NOT CALLING ICE ON PEOPLE WHO REPORT CRIMES. This is the fault of someone messing up not policy
It is impossible to believe any thing you write/share. Earth is a sanctuary. You are sick. You can afford help. Please get some asap.
Racist, much?
You work for your constituents, remember?
Sanctuary cities are needed for refugees. These small pockets of incidents should not determine the policy of humanity....

How much tax payer money did you spend to cherry pick this one incident!? What about US citizens who repeat crimes daily!?!
Maybe we should ban senators who try to take away healthcare from, unlike you, the hard working people.
You find one example of an immigrant who is a bad seed. Doesn't define immigrants. Just as Dylan Roof doesn't define white men.
What about the millions that would die because if your health care proposals. Deport party first GOP politicians first.
be better, Pat. You ol' dog whistler, you. 
You're aware that the data shows the opposite, that immegrants are in fact LESS likely to commit violent crime. Or are you going to ignore?
You missed the point....Sanctuary is for LAW ABIDING undocumented....
Thank you Senator!
Seriously? There are no other threats to public safety? Keep that crown over your eyes& that ring in your nose.. Koch bros...
Come on Toomey. If only I could say this is beneath you.
Stop with your racist cherry picking. It's unethical and wrong.
I'm glad this is all you are concerned with.  The president is threatening everyone. Are you going to stand up. No
On the whole crime rates among immigrants are lower.
pay attention to shit that happens in your state.
Lisa Presley released from hiding a fugitive,impersonating State police to apprehend and kill her victims,stalking
Racist cherry picking monster.
Out of all the things going on, you latch onto a story from Portland to "take a stand?" You are a joke, a puppet of the administration.
Pat, this is a failure of the criminal justice system in our country.  You need to better understand root causes before proposing solutions.
69% of assaults are done by white American men. Hell Trump openly admits to sexually harassing women and the Maria case is about to blow up.
Seems like law enforcement should be able to track someone they deported two times, or, maybe by the 4th? Did he have 20 passports and IDs??
You realize ....we really don't want your take,on issues right? Your vote on healhcare spoke volumes!
Not to mention Republican law makers
your term can't end soon enough.
Hold on.  Deported 20 times?  The system failed, but you can't blame sanctuary cities.  I thought you were evil, but maybe you're just dumb?
Portland should be ashamed,what is wrong with them?
So, ICE already dealt w/ him 20 times before by deporting him. Portland isn't the problem, ICE made 20 mistakes in how to deal w/ him.
But state's/cities's rights and all that jazz, eh? I guess you buffoons only like it when it applies to your prejudices.
Innocent children are being killed by police too. Should we ban police? 2 people per year killed by vending machines. Should we ban snacks??
Who don't you focus on the individual rather than use a talking point wide brush sound byte?  And, by the way, when is your town hall?
We know Pat. CoreCivic & your other donors profit bigly from private prisons and this helps their bottom line. You only serve them. So sad!
Radical right-wing Senator fails to take away healthcare, scapegoats immigrants as excuse to erode public funding
Very bad if true, but I guess it's OK  for you and the #GOP . Even worse you don't see the problem here do you?
#PatToomeyClueless
It's not the city's fault that he was let back in the country! Meet with your constituents to find out what matters to them!
This is really your pressing issue, Senator?
National crime vicimization survey 2007, states there is a rape every 2 minutes.   Why concentrate on this one ..local rule. Stop all rapes.
Allegedly
Also in the news.  Dirty old white man brags about groping women and becomes President.

so calling someone a homosexual is an insult? and not a peep from u r peeps
you're doing just fine in the greater land mass of PA Senator
just look at make up of the State Houses
Cherry-picking rare scary examples won't work with those of us who think critically about your efforts to misrepresent this issue. #Resist
Very much looking forward to you not ever being my senator again #moving #Seattle #yousucktoomey
Pat, a politician should be listening to the voters that elected him or her to office.
Yet you seem intent or lecturing us to death on what you decided is best for us.
But what is constantly lost in all this is your attempt to shove down our throats you ideals.
When are you going to do something about the president?
After 19th unsuccessful deportation, maybe just lock the guy up instead?
Far more felons are homegrown. Quit stoking "the base" and start talking to your constituents.
Also what does this have to do with Pennsylvania? You are supposed to be representing PA, not spouting lines a billionaire pays you to say
He's targeting Philadelphia, a Democrat base
TIP OF THE ICEBERG; THE ONE HALF OF ONE THAT OFFENDS! ONE VIOLENT OFFENDER IS NOT A REASON TO STEREOTYPE ALL IN A GROUP! PROF W OTT
Yes lock him up or throw him of US, but don't make policy based on anomalies to statistical facts. Most immigrants in SC's are law-abiding.
We really should have a #TownHall to discuss why your rhetoric is harmful and your arguments are dishonest.
Pat, do you just wake up in the morning and think "Hmm, what craven thing can I do today to screw over the average, hard-working American?"
Deporting & splitting up families is the way to go? That's your response? You think citizens can't sexually assault people? Quit your games.
This has NOTHING to do with sanctuary cities. Guy was deported 20 times as you say. Misdiagnosis
This is not an isolated incident. Sanctuary cities protect illegals instead of citizens. Why would anyone prefer this? Rule of law needed.
Koch puppet! Don't you have any thoughts of your own ever??
Hey!  He was deported 20 times!! More importantly,  how the hell did he get back in?  Don't blame Sanctuary Cities for that.
Immigrants are less likely to commit crimes than native-born Americans. The problem here isn't immigration http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/fact-check-immigration-doesnt-bring-crime-u-s-data-say/ …
Fun fact: Hitler did this same thing, casting Jews as criminals as part of his plan to expel them from Germany
Do you want to be Nazi Germany? Or do you want to be America? Make a choice and stick to it
In America, we hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal
In America, we ask to give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free
What about the 10Ks+ of people that are killed because of gun violence? Most are "good Christian" white men. We should end white men w/guns.
Need to lock up Mayors of Sanctuary cities.
Not following federal laws.
Putting police in danger.
Many more lives saved if you end Sanctuary Senate: Rep Senators like you not condemning destruction of democratic norms under T.
Let's play the absurd cherry picking game shall we?  Wall street crime nearly trashed the economy, millions lost jobs.  Outlaw Wall street.
Just because your xenophobia makes you scared, you don't have the right to lie to us.
http://www.factcheck.org/2017/02/no-evidence-sanctuary-cities-breed-crime/ …
Scientists call this cherry picking.  
You can find a story, testimonial, news item to support any policy/bias you desire for any group.
Wow, Toomey, twitter is 100% seeing through your racism and cowardice, same as they saw through your BS on healthcare. Good going. #18938
Another idiotic over generalizing comment from the font of all ignorance diminishing the great State of Pennsylvania
How about you join us in a town hall and we discuss that the evidence contradicts your statement?
Yes. I don't care where you actually SHOW UP, but if you actually grow a set,  I'll be there.
Oh is this why you won't have a town hall in Philly & learn what it's actually like? Cherry-picked examples must be really scawy for you.
Why are you focused on this? You should be snatching away healthcare from yr own constituents & giving the money to yr millionaire dollars.
worry about your own state. Deflection is not becoming on you.
Not a re election year for you - THAT's why you're willing to push party politics over the needs of people. Stop the fear mongering politics
Politician elected by PA constituents to be our voice and represent our needs, only serves party and rich donor friends, must end.
GOP is America biggest threat
Deported 20 times?!  Sounds like ICE is at fault here, not Portland.
Senator, I'm not impressed.
Condemning all "Sanctuary city policies" is like condemning all Senators. Some are harmful; others are good and human. Learn the difference.
Oh you found 1!
You are cherry picking an extreme example. The worst part is that I think you know that, but you enjoy preying on people’s fear.
Lets see, deported 20 times? Sanctuary policies would of had no effect.
What about all the "domestic " crimes.
Exactly... dishonest!!!! Self serving racist elitist!
If one bad apple spoils the bushel, then @SenToomey makes all of congress a trash pit.
Broad strokes kiddo
Please don't write policy based on anecdotal evidence.
Cherry-picked case to try to make myself and my polices (out of line with those of my constituents) look valid. #failingsenator #finalterm
And yet you support a health care bill that likely would result in many deaths, much suffering.
Public hanging for 3rd deportation offence.
What the hell is it going to take... 
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/838833539634380800 … 
...for you and your colleagues to talk about the OBVIOUS Russian issue?
3:
Trump's new Commerce Secretary is my pick for the Russian operative that soured Donald Trump on the U.S. Intelligence community. 
Hows health care coming? You haven't commented in awhile.
Pat you've attempted to hurt more people than that. Please stop with the propaganda
(Constantly trying to convince us that throwing millions off healthcare didn't work) IMMIGRANTS ARE EVIL! HERES ONE THAT DID SOMETHING ONCE!
Your term as Senator must end. #resign #ToomeyTheTool
Well. Senator. How about issuing Orders of Censure and Expulsion on those Senators fighting to break the law?
