I used to be just a voter. Now I'm an activist. I will fundraise, phone bank and canvas against you. @TuesdaysToomey
.@TetBwa @SenToomey @TuesdaysToomey loser Pat will be defeated next election cycle
Sounds so cute. Tuesdays With Toomey.  Much like the rest of the Republican Party.  All slogans and no governing.  Do your job!
TuesdaysWithToomey is actually a grassroots movement to get access to the Senator, who seems to be avoiding us.
Good luck!
Still waiting for you to announce your #townhall...
So you moved your "Tues w/Toomey" group up a day in order to stay away from more of your constituents?
Pres Trump trying to repeal & replace BEFORE OBAMACARE COLLAPSES! To hell with it...let it collapse & we won't blame Trump...we'll blame you
You can't hide for your entire term. Eventually you'll be held accountable.
If u won't hold town hall, at least demand ind investigation of DT/Russ. & DT's taxes 2 clarify ties 2 Russ. He's harming the US.
Who do these leaders represent?  All PA citizens you represent or just ones who agree with you?
What a super nice oh-so-vague statement. BTW, this post is on a MONDAY. 18222 Demands a Town Hall. Open Access NOW.
How the the folks up in Erie feel about your party supporting the end of the Great Lakes restoration? Do you care? Will you meet?
More corporate welfare and insurance executive paydays are NOT an acceptable replacement for Obamacare #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare
We need a town Hall in the Lehigh Valley. Stop hiding!
The new GOP health care plan allows insurers to charge 5 times what they now charge those over 50 years old.
What were some pieces of feedback you plan to act on, and what will those actions be?
why are you supporting the Republican horrible healthcare bill when it will be disastrous for Penn folks?
Are you afraid of a Town Hall meeting?  Don't you want to hear from us? Can't wait until 2022.
So then, why won't you meet with your constituents face-to-face?
Did they advise you not to repeal ACA?
Did they tell you its urgent that you protect our environment, LGBT rights, minority rights, CIVIL RIGHTS 
4 everyone in the US?
I knew there was something wrong with you when you didn't actively back Trump during campaign! Now I see my SENATOR IS TUESDAY GROUP? OMG!
when will it be my turn?
Schedule a Town Hall so your constituents can speak to you about how important #ACA is and how we oppose the #immigrantban
Happy to hear about this important work with MLB. When you get a chance, will you work on @POTUS accountability, honesty, etc ?
Please consider a Philly area town hall! Not a digital or phone-in. Thank you.
They're not the only ones who want to meet you!! You serve ALL Pennsylvanians.
But they have all the money so I'll just meet with them cause the rest don't matter.
~ Sen Pat Toomey
that wasn't my point at all and I have all the facts I need about @SenToomey. Trust me.
.@pittsadelphia @SenToomey Dt sez "meeting with 3 ppl once is same as frequent town halls"so Pat believes it. # alternativeFacts
delighted - why did intransigence prevent you from meeting Obama court nominee?
did they tell you that you are a meat puppet for @realDonaldTrump?  The people of PA can see and hear you #GOPLies #YourLastTerm
,@SenToomey shame on you for not holding regularly scheduled open town halls.
Who were they? How many were there? What did you talk about?
SenCasey held a town hall, answered questions & listened. You are afraid of the people becuz your policies are indefensible!
really I didn't hear about this on the news
. What is your position on   #Trumpcare
where's our town halls?? Too afraid to meet with your constituents?
can't wait for the next meeting now that pennsylvanians have seen 
#Trumpcare!
IDK how constructive it is to refuse to hold a public town hall & then give a 17 minute interview on facebook live but, sure, Pat
it's Monday 
.@dougstafford .@SenToomey dt told Pat "Mon is now Tues" so Pat believes it. #alternativefacts
on a monday, with "leaders" of a group of approx 6 ppl. #realpa constituents standing outside with signs.
Did they tell u its unacceptable 4 immigrant fams in the US 2 be torn apart? That vets who served the US should not be deported?
that's it? That's what you are going to tweet!? COWARD
@SenBobCasey  could you please drop by @SenToomey 's office and let him know the local library has a copy of "Politics for Dummies".
When will you be holding face to face townhalls to talk with your constituents? Please announce the schedule. #realPA
what is the holdup?  This president is unfit. Do your job.
by the time you hold a town hall in Philly, you'll need the Wells Fargo Center. Should've listened all along @TuesdaysToomey
We want clean air and water not deregulation. Stand up to Trump and his corrupt cabinet. Be a hero not a coward.
See you next Tuesday!
now have a real town hall! Love, your constituent.
YOU ARE A COWARD WHO WILL NOT FACE THE PEOPLE WHO PUT YOU IN OFFICE,AND TO LIE AND SAY THEY ARE PAID PROTESTERS IS JUST SAD.
.@SenToomey recap for everyone on his "constructive discussion"
To recap the day, @SenToomey:
-Meet with TwT & refused to schedule #ToomeyTownHall 
-Did a 20 minute news interview & called it a town hall
so your online townhall was a bust today.... All I got on the link was an ad for Gwynedd Mercy U
A TOOMEY SIGHTING! (but only in VR). (Guess that makes him a virtual senator.)
come to Pittsburgh
will there be a Town Hall coming soon?
And ... of course you just voted Yea on H.J. 37. Now companies who violate safety laws get our tax dollars unchecked. Thanks.
when will you meet with your constituents?  #WeThePeople #enjoyyouronly4years
Somebody needs to remind is people who pays their salary. Hey Pat you work for us, we don't work for you.
You are doing such a poor job to represent the State of PA. Resign now. You talk hollow phrases. People are not ignorant.
Yeah, your hiding from the public, your chicken ####.
Would like a town hall, would like to see leadership from you RE protecting PA citizens RE healthcare, education, environment
Do we have a town hall date???
when is the town hall?
And your Facebook "townhall" was a joke. When can we see you in person? Do I have to go to D.C.?
We elected you as a Republican Senator from PA. NOT A RINO. Please remember that
is making the workd a better place one billionairre at a time.
You can meet a thousand times & pay lip service. Are you actually doing what your constituents want? What about a townhall?
how about a Town Hall for all your constituents?
how about you meet with your constituents instead?
Is it possible for you to have a meeting with constituents that ISN'T in the middle of the day?
"Very good cabinet"???? Very Russian-influenced cabinet: Ross, Tillerson, Mnuchin, Flynn, Session. I'm sure there is more.
Fix ACA. Do not repeal!
Did you tell them when you are going to do something about Trump's ties to Russia?
Sessions is NOT "a very honest man, a very fair-minded guy". Sessions takes credit for cases he did not actively participate in.
15 minutes? With 5 min spent on you saying you don't know when your next in-person town hall is?? And SIC is NOT sufficient.
And you won't listen to them, you'll just follow your party like the pathetic lemming you are.
meeting w @TuesdaysToomey is better than ignoring them, but they'll still be outside yr office until we get a town hall. #realPA
they all tell you that you're just a dick with ears?
Waiting for a real town hall in Allentown, want answers on raving lunatic @POTUS and how much you're getting paid to ignore us.
are they honest and ethical people like @USAGSessions?
'bout time, Trumy.
when is it the We the People's turn
when will you be in Pittsburgh ?
Did you meet with your constituents yet-that's what you should be doing.
When are you meeting with your Reading constituents? You have some explaining to do!
Wtf.  What about the rest of us?
how many folks were you able to keep away?  Keep ducking the issues.
unreal no concern or responsibility to constituents.  Just a paid off clown.  #onthetaketoomey
received your tweet re: 2:10 livestream at 2:59. Please give more notice.
please urge Congress to investigate these Russia issues so we can move forward. This is silly, too many distractions.
It's a start, I guess. Come to Pittsburgh. Do a town hall.
Good start- we will be ready for more soon.
Great! Now hold some town halls to meet with your constituents.
Thank you! You represent all of us here in Philly. Work with @TuesdaysToomey to plan a town hall so more voices can be heard.
Really... so to hell with your constituents? What about the town hall request! Get it together Mr Pennsylvania elected official !
, what about Pittsburgh? WE WANT A TOWN HALL MEETING!!!
You represent me. Town hall is necessary. Stop hiding. You wanted this job, now do it.
The recent reckless and irresponsible accusations by our POTUS via social media against former POTUS are untenable & indefensible
are you going to have one in Pittsburgh?
Are you still a trump rubber stamp? Are you gonna take my healthcare? When are you gonna remove that insane so called prez?
Someone in the GOP has to have the courage to react to a mentally unstable POTUS of limited intelligence, lacking experience.
Tuesdays with Toomey, this time on Monday, will be on Wednesday next week just to avoid the constituents trying to find you.
did you discuss an independent and bipartisan inquiry into Russia? Trump tweets need sources identified. damaging.
Not good enough. Until you have a town hall and answer your phones with sincerity, this is just a smoke screen. #realPA
you are doing a great job, keep up the good work.
LOLolo lo Lolo 
#snowflake
Oh yeah #snowflake That's so mean,how about you are a Trumpmonkey now go away
You need to do a lot more than this to prove your worth. Time for you to stand against the insanity.  Be American First.
What was the feedback? Who are these people? What about townhalls in Philly? This isn't enough. You're still failing us. #coward
Why the "flash" constituent meeting on FB? When will u host a real town hall when #RealPA constituents who have jobs can attend?
and the link didn't work 
Now help get this country back on track. Trump is going the wrong way.
#TuesdayswithToomey  not constructive if you continue failing to represent 1/2 state, BTW your PHL mailbox is full, dump Sessions
Do your job!
Thank you for taking the first step. Still many more. A town hall would go a long way.
so now hold a town hall for the rest of us. Or post your ACA replacement idea or tell us why its now OK to pollute streams.
sir,  will you hold a town hall meeting?  I'm anxious to speak to you about issues important to me.
do you want applause for finally, finally doing your job? I don't think so. Show up to and do a real town hall. I dare you.
Thank you, this is a good start.
I will take time away from my work day to watch your "town hall" today, but it's no excuse for you not having a real one #RealPA
I hope the group explained to you how foolish repealing and not repairing the ACA is. It's time for the GOP to respect Americans.
You will do nothing with the feedback
hey it's a start. Thanks for listening. Or pretending to listen. Or whatever.
What was discussed, specifically?
Thank you for your time - come to Scranton and meet with your dedicated constituents in the  Scranton Tuesday with Toomey group!
I have feedback, Trump tax returns, Russia, why aren't you looking into those? But HRC emails were illegal??
dude it's Monday .....and your cowardice is showing
If only you spent as much time w/constituents as you do with the Koch Brothers in Palm Springs.  Guess their checks clear,
Town Hall. 18974
why don't you hold a town hall too?
why not have an open town hall?
@IndivisiblBerks
When is the town hall?
Mondays with...
Oh, wait...wrong event
must have gotten confused, Mondays with Meehan?  Close enough.
Continuing to hide behind these half-assed attempts at hearing from constituents. Hold an actual town hall you wuss.
You are a fraud!
Big efen deal. You are afraid to meet at a town hall because you lost your nerves of balls. It is one of these. Are you a coward?
Better pay attention to the batshit crazy @POTUS and the constituents you've been hiding from.
@DebraHange1 @SenToomey @POTUS You know that's right!!!
@DebraHange1 @SenToomey Most of them are self serving and greedy for money!!#?
When are you going to hold a town hall here in NW PA. You're our representative too, and we are none too happy with you right now
Oh it's ok we dont need town halls. I'll get elected again. I just met w/a lot of $$$ people today.
~Sen Pat Toomey
Unfortunately, you're right..@SenToomey could care less about the people of PA. He will never get my vote again
Your a partisan hack. You are afraid of conflict. U should be afraid of your dissatisfied constituents. #TownHall #Vote4PAVoters
so....what happened?
Dont worry u guys dont have 2 no. Im going 2 tell the 1's with all the money so I can get relected.
~Sen Pat Toomey
#Trump is dangerous. Do your duty. Be American and protect our country
what was meeting about ? How does it benefit American taxpayers ?
Thank you for meeting with Philadelphians! Much appreciated. And yes, please consider an in-person town hall.
PLEASE CONSIDER AN IN PERSON TOWN HALL?????? Dude you are being way to nice to Toomey. He was asked nicely. And nothing
thank you.  Will there be changes in your availability to constituents, going forward? What is planned?
There wont be any changes. I dont see a need for that. The people with the $$$ I make happy enough.
~Sen Pat Toomey
Thank you for your time, but we would really like a town hall, please consider it
not consider, do it. We want it, you work for us, do it.
