you are a trump shill. We voters have long memories. Yr out!
Educated children are safer children #noDevos she's #unqualified
Wh have they been hurting, How heartless to send a mother who has lived here since she was 14 back get green card
The two major cities in Pennsylvania do NOT agree with you.  Do you represent all the people of this state are not?
but your ok with disabled kids getting no education and banned from schools
how about keep our kids EDUCATED rather than protecting them from IMAGINARY threats.  VOTE NO FOR DEVOS.
but what about the grizzly bears?
Just another Republican line. You are spineless.
we can help our children by not letting #DeVosvote pass! Please- #VoteNoDevos! You have the power to stop her.
you will never be reelected
Opposing DeVos = a great way to keep children of all incomes, races, sexualities safe and well-educated. #StopDeVos
Are Sanctuary Cities dangerous because they aren't paying you?  Now that we all know your price, I'm sure we can all pitch in.
immigrants are less likely to commit crimes than people born in the U.S.
keep our children safe by voting NO to DeVos. Be a human being, not a pathetic party cog
That's 3 cases out of 295K immigrants in Phila. Real problem: in 90% of child abuse cases, child knows abuser. American problem.
There are over 1000 sex offenders registered in Phila. Do you really believe they all arrived in the latest migrant wave?
And while crime rates are high relative to other cities, rate has actually ticked down over last 10 years as city added population
@SenToomey's #StopSanctuaryCities article uses a favored GOP tactic: hand-pick rotten apples and claim the problem is larger. Bad inference!
I guess you missed what's happened in Europe?  You correctly point out we have enough probs here already why add more?
Studies show that spikes due to migrants tend to be non-violent (theft, etc) if even existent. Fear exceeds actual risk.
I'm more worried about you bending the knee to the constitution-violating president than I am about immigrants
Disheartened that you dismiss the concerns of constituents. Vote No Devos, if you want protect children! Listen! #noDevos
voting for Betsy DeVos is definitely not keeping our children safe.
Time to put country over party and vote no on DeVos.
Also - give them great schools. Please vote no on Devos!
rapists are NOT only immigrants; examine the creeps who raped, murdered and dismembered a 13 year old in Quakertown, last July...
You want to keep kids safe? Save the ACA
hahaha you're funny
bought and paid for
Totally agree.  Please give Trump more visible support, i.e. replace ACA and do it soon.
Buy Pat Toomey's Vote
I think you showed how little you care about children when you voted today to confirm a wholly unqualified education secretary.
You have sold out the children of this country with DeVos.
Where is you're moral compass pointing on Betsy DeVos? Listen to you're constituents & vote NO!!!!!
Show us you really care about children by saying NO to Betsy DeVos! You're moral compass is telling you NO!
vote NO ON BETSY DEVOS..UNQUALIFIED
voting no on DeVos would keep our children safe you coward
Sen. Murkowski rec'd $43,200 from DeVos fam, but will #StopDeVos. You rec'd $60,050+, will u?
You suddenly care about children, yet you still refuse to vote down DeVos. Interesting.
Forcing States & Cities to do the dirty work of racist federal orders is wrong. Support Sanctuary cities. It's only moral.
say what you bigot?
But you voted yes for Besty DeVos. That shows you're putting power over people & don't care about children!

we can keep our children safe by providing quality education. Vote no on Devos.
by shutting down corrupt family court and cps THAT is how you keep children safe. Childreb are not for profit!!!!
Not just family court. Worse in CA. Lawyers legalized malpractice. They cheat, betray clients.
Clearly you have NO understanding of why sanctuary cities exist. Once again on the wrong side of good policy.
stop @BetsyDeVos
if you cared about children at all, you wouldn't be voting for Betsy DeVos! Shameful!
Cn u show # of chldrn affected by undocumented criminals vs # of chldrn who can't learn @ school, worried mom will b deported
Immigrants r not criminals! They have lives & families here & they r valued members of our community. #HeretoStay
#weareallimmigrants. Grow a damn heart.
Help, I'm really frightened about my kids' teachers not being able to shoot bears in my child's classroom.
a good way to keep our children safe is to vote no on DeVos. If you vote yes just proves you don't really want to keep them safe
Lots of money donated to you by people named DeVos. It's not too late to vote against her as your constituents wish. #NotoDeVos
if you want to help our children vote no to Betsy DeVos #toomeyisforesale
If you care for children, do not support DeVos as
education secy
If you're so concerned about our children, then oppose Betsy Devos. She'll DESTROY education in PA and beyond
You can stop DC from being a Sanctuary City by making it a state. #dcstatehood #HandsOffDC
keep kids safe by voting NO TO BETSY DEVOS
you don't have data you have an anecdote. Get some actual data and cool it with the predatory fear mongering.
Vote NO to DeVos! Unqualified, inexperienced, illogical, with nonsensical answers during questioning. This Rep wants a NO vote!
You can REALLY help to keep our children safe by voting NO to Betsy DeVos!  #DumpDevos
Please help our children by voting NO on Betsy DeVos!!
you claim you want to keep children safe. Good thing! The time has come to prove it. #DumpDevos
This is a VERY UNCHRISTIAN thing to do.. Jesus would make the whole country a sanctuary -- WE are driven by FEAR!!
start voting No on the Education pick, you are putting everyone at risk
Those who fear deportation are less likely to report when they are victims of crimes; ur forcing them into hiding
Time to vote you out. This PA resident is not going to vote for you anymore.
If you TRULY care about children you'll #VoteNoDevos She's beyond unqualified, other than being a large donor. #SaveEducation
Please, if you care about our country's future, do not confirm Betsy DeVos. Already ruined education in Detroit. #noDevos
Not very Christian of you, Sen. Toomey
Please protect our children from theocrat DeVos who plans to indocrinate & abuse children N2 bowing 2 her religious opinions.
Want to keep our children smart? Then vote #NoToDeVos
You could also keep our children safe by voting 'No' on DeVos.
to do what's right for our children please vote no on DeVos.
Please continue to do what's right and note vote for Devos as Sec. of Edcuation!
If you care about children, please vite no on @BetsyDeVos
how about keeping our children safe in school? Bdv wants guns in the classroom - just in case of bears! No way!
oh you have children?!? Then do not vote for DeVos!!!! Please listen to the teachers and parents of PA - Vote No!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2016/10/03/sanctuary-cities-do-not-experience-an-increase-in-crime/?utm_term=.6e5168cd3560 …
No thank you, Toomey.
Keep children safe; vote NO on DeVos. This teacher of 22 yrs is FAR more qualified than Betsy every could be. Safety first.
If you really care about children, you will oppose Betsy DeVos and stand up against Trump's ban on refugees.
I support Sanctuary Cities!
nah.
@nytimes Answer your phone, Senator.
Then stop #denying #climatechange & get the #climatefacts from #scientists Its already here, & #killing #kids
Banning Muslims from our shores will not keep us safer. Please end the madness. #MuslimBanprotest
seriously, what t/heck is going on? If u have time 2 march, protest and riot. Maybe it’s time for something called a job!
Are you implying that I don't work?
However you want to take it
do you think this is honestly going to help our kids?
If you care about keeping people safe, pressure Trump to rescind his ban on Muslims. I'm horrified you support it.
did the Koch brothers tell you to say that? Since you obviously work for them and not us?
this is rule by FEAR. nothing more...
Was State College a sanctuary city when Sandusky roamed free? Oh, that's right, he was citizen. Never mind
the Joint Chiefs of Staff MUST be on the Security Council not Steve Bannon.  What are you doing about it??!
do the right thing be on the right side of history don't repealACA
Want to know what else will "save" our children and ensure a brighter future? Saying no to Betsy DeVos
Senator Toomey, you're wrong. What poses a threat to our children are feds stomping around with guns in our streets
I'm confused; I thought you wanted to keep people safe. ALL PEOPLE, not just the white ones.
we have sanctuary city's to protect people who help make our country great. What side of history will you be on?
if you truly want to keep our children safe -- please support public ed and NOT Betsy Devos.
Sanctuary cities not the problem  ban on immigration a problem. Do you know what happened to the jews the US denied entry from1924 on?
Anne Frank was a refugee.  Kissinger, Einstein were too.  They didn't hurt us!
What about "Love Thy neighbor"...
start paying attention to the majority(your employers) Toomey!  I won't support hatred and racism!  I vote in PA!
Cutting funding to PA cities hurts not helps. Support #sanctuarycities. #RefugeesWelcome #NoBanNoWall #NoHate
it's absurd that you are not an advocate for using warrants. Oh right, warrants are a check on power, can't have it
the best way to keep our children safe is to vote NO for DeVos. PA constituents are speaking we need you to rep US.
What are the official regulations on sanctuary cities when it comes to criminals?
we will not be safe with a Muslim registry, no healthcare, ect
immigrants commit less crime than citizens
speaking of our children, looking forward to your No vote on Betsy DeVos to ensure we find a different, more qualified secretary.
You know how you can keep our kids safe? Vote NO to DeVos.
is that why you never come to philly senator?  Scared of all the "illegals" running around committing crimes?
why is it that the people who live in sanctuary cities feel perfectly safe?  only country mice are concerned.
vote no on DeVos. That will help
Your constituents disagree. Our neighbors and friends should remain here legally!
What if the children have pre-existing health conditions? https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4652277/toomey-people-buildings …
Senator Pat Toomey, vote NO to Betsy Devos!
But your POTUS is admitted sexual assault predator & you support him!Hypocrisy much, Toomey? Keep us safe from him
I don't agree.  We need to protect people that are already here.  Stop being the bullhorn for @POTUS
.Heartless
take that bullshit elsewhere.  Phila will always be a sanctuary city. Grow some balls
Pittsburgh is a Sanctuary City.  I can't wait to not vote for you.
Vote no on Sessions #VoteNoOnSessions #notaburnedouthouse #ResistTrump #toomeyansweryourphone #Toomyresisttrump
vote not on Devos if you want to help children #votenoondevos
proud to live in a sanctuary city where the mayor actually cares about his constituents
You are embarrassing.  Try thinking a little harder about addressing actual causes of and solutions to violent crime.
They weren't immigrants that protested at your offices in Philly, Allentown and Pittsburgh!
#PITTSBURGH WILL REMAIN A SANCTUARY CITY WITH OR WITHOUT YOUR FUNDING.
Im going 2 also need a report of all the white documented men in the USA who are abusers. This article is trash
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/immigration/reports/2017/01/26/297366/the-effects-of-sanctuary-policies-on-crime-and-the-economy/ …
Respectfully disagree. Your article cites 3 anecdotes. What about the thousands here who work peacefully for their kids' welfare & safety?
"I am blinded by my privilege"
this starts by voting no on Devos
What do you plan on doing about the sexual predator in the white house?
overstepping federal oversight. This is a local matter to be determined by the local population.    10th Amendment
Are you kidding me?  You oppose Sanctuary cities? How do you sleep at night?
#sanctuarycities reduce crime. If immigrants fear reporting crimes due to deportation, criminals go unpunished.
Undocumented persons commit less crimes than general population. Stop scapegoating
This op ed shows that you are actually a racists. Nice to have that out 2 public #PartyBeforeCountry #altfacts #TrumpRubberStamp
not repealing CHIP would keep kids from dying. You voted to end CHIP
What by letting the President send "Feds" into Chicago or Taking Native American Land...Again?
have to throw the bullshit flag down on that one
It's not about her competence. She bought Toomey. #RecuseYourself
you're the worst. Philly's diverse schools are part of what make it great! Proud to be a sanctuary city & embarrassed of you.
don't be anti immigrant. We need diversity
It has been shown that cities are SAFER when immigrants, illegal or legal, feel free to report crime. IT JUST MAKES SENSE!!
If you really care about our children #saynotoDeVos
you could keep everyone safe if you supported comprehensive gun control. Oh, and leave women's rights to women.
please believe in #humanity and #protectsanctuarycities #bekind
Yep the Communities were at your office today- Question- Will we be "TAKING THE OIL" next time Senator? #GoldStarDad
And keeping guns out of schools.
.@SenToomey The word is out. You support HATE groups. You will need to answer to your supporters. Keep our children safe? From WHAT?
If the Federal Government will threaten those who have served us so long, then the mayors must protect them. Sanctuaries. YES
: Sanctuary cities keep our kids safe. Let police focus on real crimes/criminals.
Op-ed's are not research. It's concerning how undereducated you are about issues that are central to your job description.
@Potus
How to keep us safe???  Keep us safe with access to healthcare!  DO NOT repeal the ACE
I RESPECTFULLY DISAGREE WITH YOU AND YOU SERVE THE PEOPLE OF THE 13TH DISTRICT IN PA AND ME
what about stricter gun laws to keep us safe? When are you scheduling a town hall meeting in Philly?
We are a nation of immigrants. I urge you NOT to support Trump's racist, divisive, and impractical policies. #humanrights
I've met many of these so called "dangerous" people. They are kind, smart, and hardworking. You on the other hand..
3 criminals out of thousands.  Senator, this is simply another way to attack the funds of Philadelphia and weaken its structure.
Want to keep PA safe? Work to keep the ACA and stop rubber-stamping grossly unqualified cabinet nominees.
@senategop Can't keep our children safe when YOUR secretary of education wants guns in schools - another GOP disgrace
you do not live here.  You should leave Philadelphia alone.  You should be ashamed.
VOTE NO
Keep the kids educated: say NO to DeVos
By your hashtag, I see you've joined the White Supremacist movement!!
How about keeping our children HEALTHY? You don't care about that since you voted to destroy CHIPS. Coward!
Vilifying minorities puts everyone at risk. So does taking away healthcare coverage.
how about endorsing Betsy DeVos who is against gun free zones in schools?  You know, in case of grizzly!
PLEASE come visit Baldwin-Whitehall SD. Refugees have been part of our culture for the past 20 years. We embody multiculturalism and we it
Why are you so out of touch with your refugee constituents?  Wanna talk?
u r wrong deploying police as a deportation force keeps them away from stopping crime-listen 2 Philly we disagree
free the Madres - asylum seekers and their children https://www.epaumc.org/home-page/home-feature/2016/09/long-detained-immigrant-families-in-pa-arouse-concern-protests/ … #EndFamilyDetention
I see your response to meeting many nominees but no response to DeVos. Restore our faith in democracy. Unqualified. Vote no plz!
keep kids safe? Vote no on DeVos.
#StopSanctuaryCities because protecting illegal immigrants is harboring a criminal willfully and knowingly under the law.
