Vote for the Graham-Cassidy bill
Sorry to tweet questions at you constantly, but when would this hypothetical vote take place? When could Trump hypothetically sign it?
When it is introduced, then it could be voted as soon as the CBO score comes in
The fake news seems to paint a grim picture of its chances, and that even McCain walked back his support in a statement
always pass another reconciliation rule
Thought there was a narrow window  til sept 30 for that. Good to hear
They can always pass another package, but it would be best to move before the 30th
I only really got into the nitty gritty of legislation since Trump won. Some of this stuff is so Byzantine
You have no idea how much the residents of PA hate you, do you?
Yes, because he is so very qualified, right?
Pennsylvanians KNOW Marino lets his friends bring cocaine into PA and he judge-shops to get them light sentences:
Judging by his other choices does the mean Marino has a vested $$$ interest in cashing in somehow?
This is a joke..... right?
You're endorsing him? must be a total dick then who's main objective will be to screw Americans while giving corporations a break!
Marino is a 4th-rate Tony Soprano with ethics violations, judge-shopping accusations, and mafia ties, so YES, @RepTomMarino is the WORST PIC
Thanks, I hadn't had time to research, but as I said, if he's endorsed by Toomey, he can't be good.
of course he has, bc you are nothing but a Trump-stamp.
He must be a drug executive
Huge KKK, Nazi, Fascist rally Sunday: 1100 S Ocean Blvd, Palm Beach, FL 33480! Bring your white hooded rain slickers and sharp metal signs!
He'd love to be there, that's his base!
I know Tom and he will work well.
Should you really use the word czar? Thought that was antithetical to a democracy. #wordchoice #HistoryFactOfTheDay
Why will he do a good job? Does he have any drug related experience?  Seems they get jobs because: friend,rich,conservative,nepotism?
Marino is a 4th-rate Tony Soprano with ethics violations, judge-shopping accusations, and mafia ties, so @RepTomMarino is the WORST PICK
He wouldnt a good choice if it feel on him. Nor would you. Time to step down
Actually I think this is a great idea, governor Tom wolf can put a democrat in his place. And BTW. drug wars dont prevent addiction
You are a complete ass
Tom Marino is literally a 4th-rate Tony Soprano - mafia ties and all. He worked for Louis Denaples, who worked for the Berlusconi mafia
The fact that you support him makes me think more than ever that he's completely unqualified. Everything you do is terrible. Thanks a bunch!
Marino is a 4th-rate Tony Soprano with ethics violations, judge-shopping accusations, and mafia ties, so @RepTomMarino is the WORST PICK
@SenToomey yeah.... you sure about this???? Have you sent this guys record?? Questionable at best !!!
http://m.citizensvoice.com/news/long-rap-sheet-for-friend-helped-by-marino-1.1047405 ….     Biggly qualified ... checks all the boxes to be nominated by this president
We need to Retweet this EVERY DAY.
I don't know anything about the guy, but I'm guessing your endorsement means he sucks.
I'l have to look into this one, but for some reason, I don't believe you.  Also, explain what the purpose of the Drug Czar is.
Is he going to actually solve problems, or just keep persecuting pot smokers and sending their money to the black market?
I love it...he's a terrible congressman. Let's flip that seat back to blue!  I think Chris Carney should run again.
No he won't. Drugs are not sure crime issue and should not be treated as such.
Go. Away.
Tom Marino has totally ignored constituents who have taken time to visit his office.  How can one who disregards voters be rewarded.?
That is an easy one MindlightLady! Pat Toomey has been ignoring us for years! He is a pro at avoiding his constituents, and at kissing a**!
Well, if he was nominated by Trump, there's nothing but danger lurking...
I sincerely hope that your opinion isn't based on his track record;  because it's as horrific as your voting record.
Little Mr Echo reiterating Trump
speak how very political of you!
Because he's a racist like you?
No, it is time to end the War on Drugs! See what Portugal  did 17 years ago. Get out of your rich bubble.
I'll give you one thing...you have no problem parading your man-crush on the Mango Maniac all over Twitter.
is he trumps wedding planner, plumber, window washer?
What are his ties to Russia? First qualification for all of drumphf's nominees. #ImpeachTrump

He was a lousy Representative so I'm sure he'll do the same kind of job in his new position.
(Sets timer to 3 months. Clicks "start")
Drug czars have failed since the Reagan era, good intentions notwithstanding. Don't repeat old failures. Create a new model.
He has had NO townhalls, usually has few official statements & #Charlottsville statement inflammatory & poorly written. #whiteprivilege
Just yesterday his office threatened to not allow constituents in to voice opinions Doors kept locked Two persons at a time #protectdreamers
Great news for PA! - with Marino out and Dent declining to stand for reelection, we'll put in 2 Ds who will be responsive to constituents.
Add Rep Tim Murphy's seat as well. Not an awesome election year for Rs to fail to keep their Ds in their pants... PA, blue looks good on ya!
If you support this, it must be a terrible choice.
What drugs are you on???? Are you really serious? Pls! Have you no shame???
Brown noise, Orange lips.  You're on your way out Patty, time to brush up that resume.
Just shut up, Pat. You have nothing to say to your constituents, ergo, you have nothing to say to anyone.
Seriously do you say what ever the highest bidder tells you to say? I start a Go Fund Me for you to say you are a crook and so it's Trump!
Just cuz he wuz a good guarterback dont meen he'll be god politishun
Funny read every post &only 1 agreed with you.but, you will still vote 4  him because it doesn't matter what people of PA say U vote Trump!
He need that dark money for letting trump control him he still hasnt commented on the $10,000 cancer money illegally given to his campaign
Oh, yeah, just great.  Another retrograde who wants to turn back the clock.  The War on Drugs - another failed Republican "war".  #Dems2018
No he won't, he will continue the failed war on drugs, insisting to arresting more instead of more treatment. Marijuana is medicine.
@RepTomMarino likes to hide from his constituents just like u.
U make the worst possible choice, every single time. Ur a 45 suck-up & yes-man. Worse than useless: actively harmful to those u represent.
YOUR president would nominate Donald Duck for drug czar and your statement wouldn't change #SpinelessToomey #KochSucker
No. No he will not.
Drug Czar? Now we are Russia with Czars
I'm waiting to read one of your positions I agree with... there's gotta be something but haven't found it yet.
Didn't czars go away during the last Russian Revolution? Are y'all bringing them back with the new one? 
Why? Don't know anything about him. What experience does he have? Enlighten your constituents as to why you hold this opinion please.
With due respect, Senator Toomey, perhaps now isn't the time to call any American Civil Servant a "czar"
Drug Czar? 
Marino is a Drug Czar for PA alright, he is a 4th-rate Tony Soprano w/ mafia ties, investigations by DOJ, ethics violations, and judge-shopg
And create opportunity for a dem!!  Yay!!!
I can't believe you said drug CZAR in this political climate!  Freudian slip? Something we should know? #ImpeachTrump
A great first move for @RepTomMarino would be to abolish the position and office.
Time to legalize recreational pot in PA
Many of his choices work against the mission of the office, like DeVos & Pruitt. Here are jobs for you: #SaveDACA #SaveACA #Censure #NoWall
And you with the great McConnell are you going to do a great job. Healthcare without benefits , taxes , and "the wall". It's called work
At what racial profiling, filling our prisons with non violent offenders, were coming for you Toomey, next election say goodbye to politics!
Stop sucking up,Pat!  It's really quite pathetic.
To me it is another bad choice 45 made. Come to Pittsburgh for a town hall & explain why you think it's a great choice.
Wrong!
Do you get an IV of kool-aid daily or are you naturally mindless 
VOTE TOOMEY OUT
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#TheResistance
People are always going to want to tweak their consciousness.  "War" on drugs will never win and you will keep wasting billions of dollars.
Rubber Stamp Toomey
Maybe stop are pharmaceutical companies that our profiting off opioids that are killing thousands of our citizens would be a good start
Marino is as good as Barletta. They're both pathetic.
No he won't!
Ummm we in PA don't think highly of the guy 
Prescription opioids have no better friend than Tom Marino. If you get hooked, Tom will keep you supplied til the day you die (fr overdose)
What the hell is a matter with you that you would against aid for hurricane victims. Toomey you are beyond despicable!!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/the-dea-slowed-enforcement-while-the-opioid-epidemic-grew-out-of-control/2016/10/22/aea2bf8e-7f71-11e6-8d13-d7c704ef9fd9_story.html?utm_term=.29c11a1ba291 … wow, Marino pressured DEA to not enforce abuses by prescription drug distributors. He's the fox in opioid henhouse
You mean the same guy that said "...users belong in a hospital/jail"?  Your idea of 'good job' is criminal.
Doubtful. Wipe your lips, they're orange.
Wouldn't mind a town hall in Harrisburg...
Why don't I believe this??

Ohhhh... well he sounds absolutely perfect.  (Sigh... when will this $#*t show end??)
I'm sure the nominee isn't a drug kingpin- which makes him a strange choice given DeVos @ Ed, Perry @ Energy, Pruitt @ EPA, AG Sessions..etc
Can you climb any further up Trumps backside?  When's your next Town Hall in Pitt?  No prescreening either.
Well you thought @BetsyDeVosED was great choice & look what she's been up to these days. Greetings btw from area code 412, when's town hall?
Good now maybe we can get a conservative in that seat to represent district 10
Oh, please, Trump makes a good choice? 

We see you.
We will remember.
#16412
What the heck is wrong with you Pat?  Are you just that much of a kiss up that you'll endorse anything trump does?
Pat loves kissing Trump ass! He could care less about the people of PA as long as he gets kicks back and bribes
Truth!
Suck up! Sycophant!
Move to NJ
Shut up.
UM, @SenToomey WHAT ARE YOU POLLING AT IN PA THESE DAYS? LOL.

You need he understands that drugs are a healthcare issue and not a crime issue?! I mean, that would be the only great choice.
What's he know about public health? Is he familiar with successful approaches such as those in Portugal? Does he know the drug war failed?
Nothing @POTUS does is great you little lap dog yes man
KAKISTOCRACY.
he made especially lousy picks with @EPAScottPruitt and @BetsyDeVosED .
But @SenToomey thought they were great. Pat was wrong
Oh boy, someone from Pennsyltucky! YAY!
How about a town hall in Philadelphia to talk about your policies & views for the future of our country. You pick a date we'll get the venue
