Definitely not a town hall. I had more people at my house a few weeks ago. No one was turned away.
We had limited space inside of our studio. The public had the opportunity to register for this session on a first-come, first-served basis.
:Why didn't you meet with Planned Parenthood & committ to support the Global Her act. Your disdain for women was in full view.
Another axample to the intellectually dishonset adn morally bankrupt that is the GOP   Congratualtions for proving the axium true one again
The senator had one of his constituents arrested for going off script with a question he should have been able to answer. #ChickenShit
Really ? What was the question ?
Google it if you want to know what he asked. Merely asking a question that does not meet Toomey prescribed format does not warrant arrest.
I knew you wouldn't have the balls to say it. He asked if he heard that his daughter had been kidnapped.
It was a what if question dumbass. And Toomey didn't have the balls to answer how he would feel or what he would do if it was his kid.
Wrong

Awful.
@SenToomey "Voter arrested at GOPer’s town hall for asking how he’d feel if his daughter was ‘abducted’ by ICE like a Dreamer."
Explain why?
Explain to a troll?
That was a clear threat to the senator. He could've made his point without being radical. Antifa are Dem terrorists
:Really! On line! Chicken.
#NotATownHall
KUDOS to the man who called Toomey out on this.
He is afraid of his constituents.
Make plans for a future after this term.
please, for all of us, resign now.
Even less likely than DT resigning.
Did Kochs know they bought a senate seat for a feckless coward? If U cannot answer hard ?s, U need a new job. Arresting a voter=shameful.
Yup they know.
I drove up from Drexel Hill to sit in the room with you and didn't even get a handshake. #RealPA
Wow
A televised q&a doesnt count Need in person town halls for all constituents to attend Btw arresting more constituents doesn't help ur image
Even the guy you had arrested for calling you out on #DACA ?
No guts.  Bought and paid for by lobbyists.  Coward.
This was a mockery of a real town hall, Senator Toomey.
We really need to schedule a rally at his office. He needs to go!
So you support funding for PBS, I assume? Also, a town hall is open and has no prepared answers to questions you already know. #DoYourJob
Did u seriously say Sen Toomey had the questions & answers before hand!
U didn't have an issue when Donna Brazile stole the Q&A for Hillary
Hold a real town hall for more than 30 citizens, you fraud.
Better lawyer up if you go to his Town Hall, he have people arrested if they ask him awkward questions
Disgusting. There are no words. Welcome to the new GOP. Disagree, get arrested. Ask a question, get assaulted. The party that forgot Reagan.
How does he keep getting elected when everyone hates him? I'm guessing gerrymandering. Only way I can see. That needs to change ASAP!
Smart move! I didn't see it, but I assume constituents can interact, and no Antifa party crashers!
Waiting to hear your comments on the TH. Don't forget the arrest of a person who dared to try a dialogue. Back/forth duscussion..not 1 way.
PBS totally used/scammed by Toomey.  Why did they do this?
Sen Toomey, Protect the #DREAMers and #DefendDACA. Anything else is inhumane and un-American.
Why are you arresting people asking you questions?
Bite me, this was not a town hall meeting!
2). Just how oligarch friendly are you?  Is putin one of your besties of too?  Maybe Mueller has some info you fear us knowing.
1). How many more will you have arrested for posing a scenario?  How clean are your finances?
Except the ones who asked questions you didn't want to answer & got arrested for.  Are you going to put out a list of acceptable questions?
Share this song called "Treason in the Rose Garden "https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1599009023472131&id=206609649378749 …
I can't believe how many liberals there were. Next time @PBS39Channel should have at least 2 republicans to ask questions.
You mean we're you arrest citizens asking valid question.
You're an a sham and disgraceful as a senator.
I will be doing what I can to make sure you are never elected again.
This was not a town hall meeting. Preselected questions and a constituent removed because the question was one you didn't' have ahead.  SAD
If that's a town hall, my driveway is 30th street station.
So now Rep's are just going to have voters arrested if they ask a question you don't like?  Or have the nerve to giggle at a hearing.

This was not a town hall unless this was just after you had everyone arrested.

He had somebody arrested for asking an uncomfortable question

What are we doing
This isn't AMERICA

Protect the dreamers
I guesss that's how @SenToomey makes sure constituents stop requesting town halls, he gets them arrested for asking questions.
Did you discuss healthcare?  Just in case you didn't...
You have truly lost your way in serving the people, when you have a man arrested for asking a contextual hypothetical question.
You serve the people. Not a prince! Apologize. Surprised you didnt reach absurdity of charging him w terroristic threats
your answer to a good question you didn't like was to have the questioner arrested?  How is that an open town hall?
What a coward you are. You have a Town Hall and have a Constituent arrested because you did not like his question. #VoteHimOut
So you had the guy arrested? You realize how BAD that makes you look? Don't get too comfy in that office.
@simon_radecki had a fair question. 
Arresting him is an insult to the Bill of Rights and a cowardly act.
What is happening in this country? Radeki's arrest is just like the Salt Lake City nurse arrested for following the law & doing her job.
Why was a man in your Town Hall meeting arrested for asking an innocent, thought provoking question?  Shows you only like easy-pathetic.
#NurembergRally
us R going to see to it that U never walk the halls on Congress again! So excited to watch U get flushed down the toilet where U belong!
the Republican Party w/UR smug dictatorial ways. U & chump R 2 of a kind. And, guess what?! UR days in Congress R numbered. Millions of
to ask U whatever he wanted?! U R a PUBLIC SERVANT, NOT a king! U & UR other Repugnatant colleagues R going down. U have so ruined the
U suck! UR not Hitler nor can U call on the cops as UR personal SS hit squad.  How dare U expel & arrest a constituent who had every right
Sham town hall. Sham representative. NOT for the people.
It frightens me how far you had to go out of your way to apologize to a politician, after seeing another man arrested for speaking.
And special thanks to all those arrested for asking questions.
All? I don't think so.
Toomey NOT FOR his Constituents VOTE HIM OUT!
So I have to ask again. How would you feel it your daughter got picked up by ICE?
So why did you have the man arrested at your town hall?  You didn't like his question?
Your reasons to support @BetsyDeVosED  are lame. Money not the only criteria for acceptance to good private schools. You must qualify first.
Watched the recorded Q&A. Sad!  Only mentioned Philly in the negative. Hold real town hall in Philly like @SenBobCasey.
And the 29 out of 30 constituents you didn't have arrested
Coward. Resign.
Was this the townhall that Pat had a person arrested? For asking a simple question ???
What a coward! Pathetic excuse for a town hall. Such a freakin' snowflake to have attendee arrested for asking a question.
I want to hear your answer to the question about DACA. You didn't answer it. Using brute force to remove the questioner is Nazi-like. Shame
What happens when you attempt to speak at Toomey's town hall.
Voter arrested at GOPer’s town hall for asking how he’d feel if his daughter was ‘abducted’ by ICE like a Dreamer http://www.rawstory.com/2017/09/voter-arrested-at-gopers-town-hall-for-asking-how-hed-feel-if-his-daughter-was-abducted-by-ice-like-a-dreamer/#.WasHbfNcUZA.twitter …
Easy to answer screened questions. This is you treat your constituents who are bringing forward real issues. GOP does not care about USA
Drop the charges against Simon Radecki.  Drop the charges against Simon Radecki.   Drop the charges against Simon Radecki.
Drop the charges Senator.
You actually had a man arrested for asking you how you'd like it if your daughter was forcibly removed by immigration? Really?
You had a select ticketed audience and still had someone arrested for asking you to make a clear statement on dreamer act. Coward
How would you feel if your daughter was abducted by ICE? You gonna have me arrested too? Ever heard of the first amendment?

your bad behavior of having a voter arrested for asking a question did not go unnoticed. It. Voters remember
AH HA HA HA HA; Toomey: "I've had more town halls than any other state-wide elected officials that I know of". U should meet Sen Bob Casey.
Maybe it's time for PA constituents to vote out Toomey and vote in someone not afraid of facing us and our problems we would like addressed.
Maybe he just got voted in so I guess the constituents already spoke.
After this disastrous year with a president failing to come through on numerous promises, Toomey will go, along with other complacent R's.
Yea in 2022. Maybe. You are stuck with him for 6 years. Lol.
Coward&incompetent pat toomey: Has constituent arrested at his town hall for asking a question. He asked toomey about his views on DACA @cnn
If you want police to be respected, maybe you should make it clear they can;t behave like lawless creeps:
Glad U R part of Senate! U will have a rough time bcuz som Americans have been brain washed against basic American ideals. Be strong.
Thank u senator, for ur response to question about the Arpaio pardon & ur statement on the critical importance of the rule of law #democracy

So I assume that you are not in favor of defunding PBS?
What a waste of time and a waste of pbs resources.
U are a coward! We want a REAL town hall meeting! Not a parody of a town hall mtg. Please don't pretend to give 2 's about Pennsylvanians!
This does not count as "speaking to the people."  Apparently you turned your ears off.
Great answer to the obnoxious person insisting u hold more public meetings.We all know that certain groups r @ such meetings only to disrupt
lying about @realDonaldTrump again last night. Never said there were good people assoc w/ racists in Va. Whose side r u on? #disgrace
Suggest you listen to the clip again. Not what he re-read in Phoenix where he omitted "on all sides," referring to fine people.
Your page shows u are a blind partisan. I don't engage with people who have 1 sided opinions & respond to strangers. Go advocate elsewhere
Shame on PBS for supporting this sham! My contributions will
go to WHYY for their progressive programming!
What a sham limited to 56 people with majority pre selected. You're worse than an oligarch & disgrace to democracy!
Do you support or oppose the budget cuts that will cut the funding to small market NPR/PBS stations that gave you this sham of a townhall?
Why would you tie other spending to hurricane relief? All want pork on the backs of hurricane victims, like Katrina and Sandy. Man up!
That was weird that PA Sen Toomey OPENED with the statement of tieing "other spending" to hurricannne victims unprompted. So creepy.
More than weird, that action would be outright wrong!
Another Pat Toomey FAKE TOWN HALL!!
Yes, thank you @PBS39Channel for the Roast of Pat Toomey! Appreciate your efforts to finally pull him out of the hole he's been hiding in!
Wow toomey!!!  You lie as much as trump. Most town halls??  Maybe in your dreams
Another mouthpiece for Trump. Quit!
Fake Town Hall !!
Tune-in for the next episode of Pat Toomeys Safe Space
The general public was able to register for this Town Hall event on a first-come, first-served basis.
Just before Senate break is over, a wussy excuse for a Senator invents a wussy excuse for a town hall meeting, without scary constituents.
"town hall"? 
This was a fake town hall!  Face your constituents!  Afraid of the people and their questions?  YOU. OWE. YOUR. VOTERS.
YOU. OWE. UR VOTERS
All members of the general public has the opportunity to register for this Town Hall session on a first-come, first-served basis.
How many members of the general public were there tickets for?
Keep up the great work.  Continue pushing the agenda the majority of Pennsylvanians voted for you to push.

Get on the right side of this trump thing, or I'm one of many that will vote you out.  #EAEWO     's &'s Wide Open
You said that you are active on social media but you never respond to any of the MANY comments you receive. I'd hardly call that "active".
By "active" he means he posts his crap for us to read then he goes & plays with his bees.
When are you going to show your sorry butt in Phila? You seem to keep hiding from us.
Trying to watch after the fact, where is it? Seems to be gone?
The full program will be posted on http://wlvt.org  by the end of today.
That was nice of you "to provide a safe environment for PA Sen Pat Toomey"
I guess 30 ass kissers got to be there. I'm sure you provided nothing of value to the people of PA. 51% of whom voted AGAINST you.
If reports crowd wasn't diverse=true @PBS did public disservice. Was already setup to give #ToomeyTownHall uncontentious feel @onthemedia
Fake town hall.
Oh man. I missed it. Did you resign?
We had better questions and answers at our town hall in Philadelphia without you. At least the empty suit at ours didn't lie to us.
You just held a town hall with. .0000023076% of the population of Pennsylvania. You must be exhausted.
Good post!
Only 30 ..thank them one by one.  Now schedule a real town hall and give more than 4-5 days notice and not before/after a holiday.
Shame on you
This is bull. Show up in person.
Not a town hall with less than 60 people. Why are you hiding from Philly? We are your constituents too. Where do you stand on DACA?
You can be certain he will just back Trump in DACA!
Tonight's festivities little more than a extended photo op/soundbite. Will you ever have a real town hall? You're a real profile in courage.
All he does is photo ops. He's the worst Senator in the history of our great Commonwealth. He's a coward and a puppet to Koch Brothers!
What a sham. 30 tickets and pre screened questions. You do not speak to constituants all the time. You pre select those as well.
Your meeting & answers to supposed questions(?) were all bs. Especially when asked about having real t/halls. U are an embarrassment. So Sad
This isn't a town hall. It's an embarrassment.
You are in so much trouble.....
And thanks for our BIG coming tax cut, Pat! -- David & Charles Koch.

Opinion: "Stop peddling the myth that “tax relief” for big companies will be good for the rest of us" http://nyti.ms/2x5aCpy 
When is the real town hall?
Mueller's investigation may well find direct, electronic manipulation of the PA vote. If so, it will be a great day for your constituents.
I want to know what the question about your kidnapped daughter was going to be.
You know that shit show was not a town hall. poseur.
I would have signed up for this but there were so many restrictions on expression and questions that it was an obvious farce.
Hold a real TH
Say it to my face
Fake townhall - pat is top 5 worst senators
coward
That he is.
#fake town hall
Senator, thanks for speaking to 30 of us for an hour 2x a year. When is your next town hall? If you're from PA, would you attend?
There are plenty of PA ppl who would attend if given the opportunity. Tonight's event only had 30 tix- not enough
Contingent of about 50-100 protestors outside Toomey town hall. Naturally some wouldn't call it a "town hall." 
I had worked out that 30 ppl are like .0002% of his constituents! Next D should point out how little Toomey loves seeing his voters!
oh princess toomey, enjoy your senate seat while you can.
It was an hour of crap
THIS WAS NOT A TOWN HALL. You know you have more than 30 constituents, right?
Not a town hall Pat. Schedule one in Philly, Pittsburgh or Harrisburg... you need to hear from more than 30 people.
what? Wait. It was open to all of your constituents?
It wasn't a town hall.
"Thanks for forcing me to do a town hall, looking forward to hearing from 30 more constituents 9 months from now"
When is your real town hall? You promised one in Philly in August. Well, tomorrow is Sept. & no town hall. Coward. Do your job or resign.
This was not a town hall....it was a private meeting with hand-picked questions. Your constituents are smarter than this.
You're so bad at this job. You have no idea what a real town hall is. Captain mediocre white dude. Did Putin steal your senate seat for you?
I don't think he comes anywhere close the level of mediocre!
He's the definition of it. IMO
SHAME ON YOU PBS39 for holding this sham town hall! You have gotten your last contribution from me!!
Why did you ever contribute to him?
Lame. He doesn't care because he just got re-elected and the Koch brothers back him.
We really have to do something about those Koch Brothers!!  Not sure what though...  Any ideas from you lawyers out there to stop them?
The laws need to change regarding campaign financing. Citizens United ruined the country.
Any news on when you will hold a real town hall with your constituents?
Step up and tell your boss NOT to defund ACA outreach.  Sabatoge is  the coward's way to win.
Yes, all THIRTY PEOPLE who attended! WOW
It was not a town hall. Try having one with more than 40 people!
A TV studio with screened questions is not a town hall meeting and you know it, coward!
Close your legs. Your pussy's flashing us.
No amount of manspreading can make up for his cowardice. He is absurd.
#sham
"All who attended." Christ, Toomey, could you be ANY MORE of a coward? I'll never understand how you got elected. Twice. #WasteofaSenateseat
Gerrymandering
Show your face in public, Pat. Not a controlled environment
Share this music video called Treason in the Rose Garden https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1599009023472131&id=206609649378749 …
Was not a town hall. Mark was right on.
Mark from South Whitehall FTW with his sham town hall question!  #ToomeyTownHall #Pattoomey @IndivisiblBerks 
He is a condescending arrogant Ahole.  Called all of his offices daily for 3 months, never got a live person, mailboxes full.  #patneeds2go
I've emailed tweeted & faxed many times and zero responses.
