still using that flip flop thing?
Need clarification here - according to a period article he said "[no] presumption of nomination". Garland was ignored entirely.
#MerrickGarland non-vote was unprecedented and you know it. Supreme Court Justices have been voted on during election cycle. Sad!
You're so brave behind a keyboard where you can ignore our responses.
Rs destroyed the process. Partisan before country. Expressed plan to hold seat open if Clinton elected. We are not stupid, we remember.
Really? Shame on you!!
The way you handled Garland was wrong and poorly done. You seem to be a rubber stamp for your party or worse, a hypocrite.
When you meet me, and you will as I represent one of the largest employers in PA, you will piss your pants.
Do tell.
you didn't even give Garland a hearing
PS
I've asked @SenBobCasey to show u how to properly tweet storm. Pay attention, Pat. You might learn something.
1 not an actual rule.
2 GOP cld've gone thru process w Garland & simply not confirmed. But no, y'all had to be dicks abt it. Own it, sir.
Well, Trump has started campaigning right now for 2020, so I guess we're back in the election cycle. #falselogic
You know there's no such thing as Schumer rule!  #DoYourJob
Nonsense! There was no precedent for not having a hearing for a Supreme Court nominee 11 months before someone left office. You're a R hack.
Funny SenToomey All these Haters posting &not 1voted 4U We did & many other in Pa Voted 4MrToomey BTW we Voted 4Pres-Trump WINNING TEAM
BULLSHIT u & the Rs(rats) treated Garland like shit & threatened to block any nom for 4 yrs if Hillary won the pres HYPOCRISY at its best
True, no equivalence - GOP behaviour toward Garland was much worse - Venal!
You are complicit in the destruction of our country. Each and every one of you should be removed from office.  #disgrace
Such nonsense. Voters decided by electing Pres Obama for two terms. At what point do the next voters decide? 1 year until an election? 3?
Was not election cycle happened March of 2016 when does election cycle start according to the R's
but let's not speak of the 300 times repubs filibustered everything.  All are culpable for divisive congress.
Bullshit. Total bullshit.
This is all complete bullshit.
You were a coward then and you're a coward now!!!!
You are a hypocrite! Stop the lying and rhetoric, be a stand up Senator for once and listen to your constituents.
wow, how do you live with yourself?
The list of Justices appointed in final year of a President's term is long. You are making up rules for purely partisan reasons.
No vote onGorsuch while trump's illegal Russia ties are unresolved. Are you paid by Putin too? You sure do seem to cover up for trump.
Voters decided and the voters voted 3 million more times for the OTHER candidate!  What say you now?  #DoYourJob
What is the final month in a presidential term wherein a nomination will be considered? 36? -12? Asking for a friend.
Republican Senators take marching orders from @SenSchumer ?
Come to Philadelphia and say that to our faces.
If that was the case Hillary won popular vote by 3M people so that argument doesn't hold up
Pa here @SenToomey great job today was very proud you standing up for your people 
Wrong
No equivalence is right. You shirked your Constitutional duty. The Dems were doing their job within the rules.
And Trump lost by 3,000,000 votes. #ConfirmGarland
Drumpf lost by 2.8 million votes. The voters decided. By the way, where are you Pat? Still hiding from your constituents?
The voters did decide. They elected Obama twice. You could never get over that.
You're a hypocrite and a sellout Toomey! Your children must be proud.
ya, nice try. still another FAIL. #DoYourJob while you still can Pat. u wont be there much longer; you've ignored the ppl who put u there.
Readers, outright lie by my senator..@SenToomey , there is no rule, precedent or anything else r/t  what he & repubs did to Garland last yr
Senator: Schumer "rule" (really, idle hypothetical) was explicitly about not confirming noms who couldn't prove mainstream views IN HEARINGS
Here is Schumer's speech from 2007. Nothing in this says a nominee should get no hearing or vote. https://www.schumer.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/schumer-declares-democrats-hoodwinked-into-confirming-chief-justice-roberts-urges-higher-burden-of-proof-for-any-future-bush-nominees …
You don't get to use a call for mainstream judges who can explain their moderation in hearings as an excuse for no hearings/vote on Garland.
There was and is no "Schumer rule" and you are twisting the facts. The voters had already decided - Obama was still in his elected office.
I think voters twice decided to elect @BarackObama. Also, VOTERS elected HRC, the Electoral college elected Dumpster.
that majority of voters picked Clinton. You're morally corrupt.
There is no defense for actions #GOP took Blocking/Stealing process 4 Garland? Why are you victimizing GOP? Let Voters decide on Gorsuch
MERRICK GARLAND
Voters did decide----the MAJORITY OF THE PEOPLE voted Democrat, and an even bigger majority voted for ANYONE BUT TRUMP.  Gerrymandering won
You're wrong! The voters DID choose! Obama!
i smell bull-
so your defense is "Dems alluded to it, Republicans are the first to actually do it - so we have the moral high ground." Pathetic.
You're a liar and your constituents are much smarter than you give them credit for. We know how this works. Don't bother making BS excuses.
The voters did decide; President Obama had been elected for a four year term that included 2016.
You LIE!
would also love to hear some admission of culpability from your end. Dems didn’t do any of this in a vacuum.
you all called it “the Biden rule” at the time. At least find a consistent scapegoat.
Oh nice to see you're alive! Too cowardly to face your constituents. You R's have woken up the giant!! Vote him out!
You are right, there is no comparison.  Garland didn't even get a hearing.
No equivalence is right. Gorsuch got a hearing, but the centrist nominated by a popular majority-elected prez got bupkis. You're done in Pa.
Facts don't support you, @SenToomey. #realPA knows this and we will not forget. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/feb/17/misleading-notion-supreme-court-vacancy-hasnt-been/ …
Wait - Trump has already been out there campaigning for the next election cycle - Tell me exactly when the election cycle starts in ur mind?
As if you would have just rolled over when Clinton made her selection.
3,000,000+ voters DID decide you hypocrite.
HOW COULD IT BE EQUIVALENT WHEN GARLAND DIDNT EVEN GET A HEARING????
schumer is twice the man that you are....you cowardly senator from Pa......he didn't hide out from his voters!!
Toomey you barely got elected and our lying president got you in. You have no reason to be cocky.
This is self-serving & insulting. A maj of Americans had decided when they voted 4 Obama. Reps decided to disrespect him & the Constitution.
@SenToomey 2) Will you meet with us on Tuesday to discuss the implications of your party's decision?
Are you kidding? You didn't even let Garland get a vote !
The voters HAVE decided. You are not listening. 19063
This is a bald-faced lie.
I don't care that filibuster is dead. Once GOP ignored Garland, then declared they would never fill SCOTUS seat if HRC won, government died.
Yes, let voters decide. What % of your voters told you to oppose Betsy Devos or the Internet privacy law?
Give us a townhall, Toomey. Western PA wants to talk to you.
that’s a load of BS and you know it.
GOP cowardice. You people are despicable.
Democracy is something you obviously don't understand. History will not be kind to you.
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
they did, and they said not trump by 3 million votes.
Lets change the rules for the Senate. They have to meet the voters FACE to FACE. Cowards
Shut up Toomey. You are done. You will never get re-elected.
Trump declared his candidacy for 2020 and is collecting campaign contributions!  And under FBI investigation!!!  #StolenSeat
Voters decided on Obama, whose seat it was to fill. Then they decided on Clinton who got way more votes and whom you planned on obstructing
2/voters elected o'bama and over 8 months you never Garland the courtesy of a hearing
Repeating this shows how stupid you think your constituents are.  Would respect you more (or some) if you admitted it's party 1st for you.
Who did they actually block? I recall no blocked nominee.
Toomey treats Pa voters like he treats Garland. Neither gets a hearing.
Oh, please. Enough with fictitious rules. There was no principle other than raw political power. You had the votes. You did it.
I don't agree. He should have had a hearing. Listen to all of your constituents. Talk to you 2-nite
The voters decided:
Clinton - 65,794,399
Trump - 62,955,202
Yes the Voters did Decided And We Have President Trump and our Supreme Nominee Judge
>NOW WHAT<Clowns 
2/ There is no equivalence. Graland no nom. because of the date, Gorsuch gets no nom. because the @POTUS is under FBI investigation.
There's no way even you believe this utter nonsense. You MADE UP A RULE so that you wouldn't have to even discuss Garland.
Keep trying too sell it Senator no one's buying it
Pat, we know how you feel but you do not know how we feel.
We wanted you to have hearings on Garland... you didn't do you job.
You're literally making shit up
This is BS. There is no Schumer Rule and no Biden Rule. You and your party decided to subvert the will of the people. Shame on you!
Most voters didnt vote for trump btw
Pat you're a fraud and you're going down in the next election. PA won't be fooled by your BS again. They barely were this time.
Explain at a town hall
