you can explain everything to us in your next town hall meeting.
How about reforming Pennsylvania senators without you being there? The time is coming when we can stop the bleeding and vote you out!
Why are you afraid of your constituents? Is it because you don't actually give a shit about any of them?
Maybe you could instead focus on why #POTUSTrump is a traitor? Or inept? Or how is admin is corrupt. #DoYourJob #ImpeachTrump
Hey just heard your remarks. What has Donald and Russia done for you?  Must be something nigh to give that kind of coverage for Donny.
Thought you were reading our tweets, just then! But no, if that was the case, you wouldn't have done the interview! No shame, NONE!
TOWN HALL COWARD
Until we remove Russia from our democracy and government, nothing else can be done.
And rearranging deck chairs?
The republican administration is being accused by multiple, credible sources of treason. Straighten out your priorities, senator 15126
Thanks for the ample notice... You didn't know you were going to be on TV until only a few minutes beforehand? #Daybreak  #taxreform #Toomey
How's that fiddle Nero?
We do not trust your judgement. We do not trust your motives. You and your party own the embarrassing crisis this country faces. #townhall
Donate to fly a banner demanding a #ToomeyTownHall: https://www.gofundme.com/time-for-town-hall-toomey …
I'm all for cutting $ all unnecessary projects. Arts, planned parenthood, & the recycle companies loving junk mail. Please help drain swamp.
Does that include the massive cuts to public ed funding? Shameful!
Tax cuts for the wealthy don't work. Always crash the economy and hurt the middle class. Any new ideas?
For the rich I'm sure!
How about meeting with your constituents bitch ass coward
Stop trumpcare.
If it doesn't start with ultra-wealthy and corporations billions in profits paying their fair share then you are betraying the people
Giving the middle and lower classes a higher break instead of the top 2% reaping the highest benefit?
Trump must show his taxes first so we know its real reform for real people not just Trump his family and cronies Stop with pro Trump crap
How about a live town town hall meeting with constituents who are tired of the endless excuses made on behalf of the POTUS and a lame GOP!
GOP speak: 'Real Tax Reform' means huge tax cuts for the rich once again!
How about doing that face to face with yr constituents? No? I thought so..@TuesdaysToomey so..@tues @OnePennsylvania
Your constituents want a live town hall. Tell us when!  #toomeytownhall
Perhaps we could discuss it with you at a town hall meeting? Where we can .. you know .... actually ask questions?
Pittsburgh 15226
Special Prosecutor appointed, only Greedy Toomey is still chanting tax reform-- serve those billionaire masters, eh Pat?
do your job! fight WH treason. stop DOJ from persecuting voters and addicts!
why don't you talk about how you are an enabler for tRump? I'm going to love seeing you go down with his sinking ship
You're actions are vile and hateful.
I will leave this here for all the paid DNC operatives posting on your feed...
as usual while the house is burning ur picking out new drapes!
Let me fix that for  you: by “tax reform” you mean “giving more money to the richest while taking services from the poor/middle class”.
Nah. I'll wait for your next town hall. Oh wait...
Dude #TrumpRussiaInvestigation stop with the tax shit. Stop w the Kock brothers agenda and represent your constituents #TuesdayswithTomey
That's it.  Go onto a friendly talk show and spout lies that trickle down economics actually works
Would you please explain rationale for tax cuts for rich? Is it just trickle down only? I'm ignorant Please help.
Couldn't trust u with my Internet Privacy. U seriously think I'd trust with my money? Lmao
Tax reform really?  We can't trust you with five dollars.  Thief and bribe acceptor. #onthetaketoomey
Vote yes on impeachment!
Oh come on. Your party commits treason and you just keep working to line the pockets of your rich benefactors? Hold a town hall already.
Take from poor & give to rich? Seriously, when will congress admit that higher taxes is only way to handle $20T deficit?
When are you going to hold a town hall to hear from your constituents?
Cut the damn taxes and get rid of the terminal cancer called Obmacare! Do your job!!
Coward
Tax reform to benefit your 'constituents' like Betsy DeVos who contributed $60k to your campaign?
How about taking a few minutes out of your day to actually represent the views of your constituents!
He IS listening! The Koch brothers really want a massive corporate tax break! They can barely afford fuel for their private jets.
Yes I know Toomey thinks corporate donors are his constituents
1. how about mtg w/ ur constituents?
2. other things r more pressing (hint: Special Prosecutor)
3. how about mtg w/ ur constituents?
How about standing up for Pennsylvanians who need quality health care & an intelligent president? I look forward to your removal from office
I love the way you stay laser-focused on tax cuts for rich people while so much is going on!
Does the Pa voters get to ask unfiltered questions in person?
Can you give more than a few minutes notice? 19090
You may say reform but we know you want giant tax breaks for those who paid for your senate seat.#stepdown
Home about working on getting McCain to retire. He's a disgrace.
By that you mean more money for the rich. Forget it...your party has been neutered.
Our lost Senator has been located. #taxreform for whom? Refuses to address his constituents, how would he know what's needed? #Trump lapdog.
Repubs better rally 2 Trump & get things done least his base will desert repubs & many wont have jobs do tax reform fix HC keep promises now
You have time for a tv appearance, but no time to meet w/constituents in a public forum?
it's too late for you, we won't forget in Pa. 2022 you're out! Still wish we could recall you're
I don't trust the @GOP to provide a tax reform that is good for the middle class and the poor, they are there to make the rich richer
that's guts for u still trying to rob the poor while facing going down in history as a traitor to ur country #proud #inyourdistrict #russia
don't do town halls,those that are too busy working don't have time to attend only organized liberal idiots
how about appearing in person  before your constituents, coward
How about you have some meetings with your constituents?
That would be neat! Senator Toomey hasn't had a town hall since 2015.
