Your plan to further butter the upper crust is going to bankrupt this country - then you'll cut essential programs for kids and seniors.
This budget is an abomination: increases deficit 2 enable tax cut 4 billionaires, opens arctic to drilling & cuts Medicaid-Medicare. Shame!

When do we talk about a fair tax code under which EVERY American pays according to their ability?
May hardworking people are struggling (me included). Wages stagnating or even going down, costs/taxes going up. As we drown, will you wave from your new yacht? Or will you just throw us the anchor?
Do not put anyone new taxes on my 401 deductible. I know SS will not be around when I retire so I am doing everything I can on my own.
u suck just like the liar in chief.  Wish u were going away in '18.  Sucks u narrowly won this senate seat and stole it form a worthy woman.
How do tax cuts create higher wages? There is NO evidence this will do anything but INCREASE deficits. Thanks for fucking us Pat. 
How can lawmakers @GOP trust Trump on #TaxReform w/o specifics - and while he refuses to release his own tax returns? What's he hiding?
Well pat does what the Koch brothers tell him to.  He doesn't have the ability to think on his own
Is there anything in your bill to fix this ?

But some economists say the White House's math rests upon a shaky foundation. http://n.pr/2yJ2GZK 
Prove it won't greatly benefit Trump family by making his tax returns public.
Release Congress' returns to show their windfall!
The unelected @IvankaTrump will come to suburbs to discuss tax policy at a "townhall" while our senator hides.  SMH @TuesdaysToomey
@SenToomey as stated earlier he is a coward and a traitor to Pennsylvania
Your tax reform is at the expense of middle class. Cutting Medicare, Medicaid & amt of pre-tax $s for 401Ks raises taxes on middle class!
Trump tax plan is the beginning of “The Great Trump Depression “ with a 1.5 trillion dollar deficit price tag
wonder if I pulled up your votes on min wage how it would compare with your statements....
There is nothing you do for the middle income only the rich! We r not blind we see U for who u R
Billionaires have a much bigger voice in gov't than anyone else, yet many pay little or no tax, especially in proportion to holdings.  Why?
Please quit. All of Pa hates your guts
You should be ashamed!

Trump threatens our Constitution, our freedoms, and our lives. It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings. Join us. https://www.needtoimpeach.com  
Keep digging that hole. #WeAreWatching. Your #PinkSlipIsComing you #SpinelessCoward. Every time I think you can't get any lower... you do.
No matter what you accomplish, your legacy will be your refusal to speak out against Trump and his insane agenda and behavior.  Shameful.
Guess the overwhelming negative reaction here means nothing to you as our representative! Enjoy your last term!
Now I hear you R are going to be making the middle class poor in our old age by taking away our 401 k saving. You all are shameless.
Show me where this budget resolution plan has worked.  This is a give away to the wealthy.  Will NOT boost the economy.  US bankruptcy ahead
Lies lies and more lies
So you voted again hurricane relief
With no care for your constituents.
The GOP budget will:
Cut $500 billion from Medicare
Cut $1 trillion from Medicaid 
Increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion
While u r plotting the destruction of, a real statesman will answer this. Which isn’t you! You are a vile #traitor
He’s a bum
Congratulations on your raise dear senator. I hope you and your cronies in congress are proud of screwing the middle class.
Your love for the Koch Brothers is adorable.
How is an #increase in taxes for the #middleclass #taxrelief ?

You lie. Enjoy your tax break while me and the rest of the 95% get screwed over, as usual.
Shame, shame, shame on you. This is an anti-life bill. Except if you’re rich. Oh wait. You are. 
Translation:  Give it to the rich & they'll take care of the rest of us. Ha!
You're a criminal. You're cuts to Medicare/aid are going to KILL people. Now turn the spoils over to Koch's. you need to be in jail
You voted to raise the deficit, cut Medicare and Medicaid with no hearings or CBO score, all to ram thru a taxcut for the 1%.  Spineless!

Only a party so morally bankrupt would resort to tactics like ignoring a filibuster or hearings.
#VoteThemOut
http://thehill.com/policy/finance/356328-senate-narrowly-passes-2018-budget-paving-way-for-tax-reform …
We will remember your vote to cut funding from Medicare and Medicaid
Fake News
Are you cutting your own health benefits? Or just voting to kill off the poor, sick, and aged? The government is abandoning their citizens. We work hard for our benefits. Work at least 40 hours/week..50 weeks a year. What is your work week?
Rich people, rejoice! Thanks Toomey
I see nothing about spending cuts. WHY? We must cut spending. If the economic boom occurs as you say it will, does Government keep spending?
you are a lying thief how do you sleep at night? #onthetaketoomey
Just to be clear - do you support or oppose a cap on 401k contributions?
"only 25% of search & rescue in Africa command needed" & you have the gall to talk about TAXES For yourselves?  CBS eve. news 10-20-2017
I don't know how you sleep at night! Stealing funds for the most vulnerable among us to give to the richest? Shame on u!
This isn't good or right, and I believe you know that. Please, please consider the people who really need help.
Why is your Senate email blocked?
“Middle-income” sounds good for PA voters. But we’re not fooled into thinking that label applies to us. #TaxReformFor1Percent
You are hot to push this thru,the middle class are not benefiting, shareholders,corps,and the wealthy are
So you voted to take a TRILLION dollars out of Medicare and Medicaid...to do what? Tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans? Unbelievable.
You voted to cut funding for the neediest to help the richest. Shame. Shame. Shame.
For shame!!!
&Cutting of budgets for Medicaid by 100B/yr&Medicare by 47B/yr included in this?Guess you want tons of your constituents to lose healthcare?
Translation: Deficit financed tax cuts for my donors and the 1% that results in imperceptible gains for anyone else.
There’s only one true FAIR tax reform.  One rate across the board with no loopholes!! Then shitcan the IRS.  Four line tax return!
Congratulations on your perfect score of screwing the little guy. You must be proud.
Do you read your comments? Your involved, intelligent constituents do not like you.
That wasn't a budget! It was an assault on the American people! #TimesWillChange
Budget resolution blows up debt and transfers wealth to the already wealthy.  Not pro-growth; Not helpful to middle class. Pro Kochs only
And even if no growth the middle class will pay thru the nose b/c ACA sabotage and now this to benefit the rich. Classic Take the $ & run!
And you @GOP morons want to give the rich 1% a tax cut when you've already increased the deficit. https://finance.yahoo.com/news/u-posts-largest-budget-deficit-180000502.html …
Anything about my shriveled ding dong in there?
Yippe skippy you racist individual who cares nothing for PA.  This is sad and I’m calling for you to resign
How in the EVERLIVING FUCK did we elect this man... #TermLimits  they pass this and #wewillallbefucked
If you believe this why won't you have town halls, get into the details and defend it? Do you want to hear what your constituents think?
I just can't seem to find a good reason to vote for you. Reaganomics, which doesn't work, isn't tax reform. It's reverse-Robin Hood.
You're fired. If the people you serve were the only ones voting for you, the other 99% would vote against you. Working on it.
<sarcasm>Can't wait for the massive tax cut on the rich to trickle down all over the not rich!</sarcasm>
Criminals
Resign
how does reducing top tier rates or eliminating estate taxes apply to your 2 primary goals?
READ.  THE.  REPLIES.  you barely won in this state and you lost the popular vote in the election.   Yet your proposal is 100% partisan
tell me how this is good for me
This is trickle down economics. @GOP has shown this a failure before.This is worse it's trickle up econ.Corp don't create jobs with tax cuts
You didn't win the majority in the election but your tax proposal is 100% partisan.
Skip the talking points Senator. We need more details of the plan to know if middle class will actually get a break
Agreed, a pig!
We will remember your betrayal to your constituents come election season. From this to letting #DeVos turn our children's futures to garbage
No, this budget is nothing to be proud of.  It will deliver a $1.5 TRILLION increase to the debt.  Tax cuts don't grow the economy. Kansas?
You're gutting programs for low-mid income & elderly to give tax cuts to the rich. Just like you want to do w/healthcare. Shamefull!  19106

1/ Republicans made one of the provisions of their “budget” the legalization of oil drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Look at what happened to the economy of Kansas when their governor decided to do trickle down econ. NO GROWTH & economy in tatters.
Giving money to wealthy companies and individuals does not benefit the middle class or working poor. TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS DON'T WORK.
Why did deficits matter so much from 2009 to 2016, and apparently don't matter at all now?
Drastic cuts to programs that help the middle class, tax cuts for your wealthy donors. We see you and we know what you're doing.
Boo boo boo. You are so wrong.
Deficits? What deficits? I have NEVER cared abt deficits. Never even mentioned them&Kansas has been a great example of what can accomplish
Ur a disgrace to the office. Cuts to Medi-care/caid, children's health care, tax cuts for the 1% r unconscionable not just 4 PA but 4 USA
Sir, you are delusional or evil. Reaganomics does not work, has never worked. You have no business touching Medicare.
You have ZERO credibility and are a soulless & unprincipled hack.
You should be ashamed. Taking money from Medicare to fund the Super-Rich. Shame on you.
Shame on you
Glad you get to stay rich.  Silver spoons for your family.   Meanwhile the rest of us better learn to garden if we like to eat.
Pat when will you be in your Philly office?  I think it is about time you walk door to door and tell everyone you are a weasel full of Koch
Lies. When mine goes up I am blaming you, but then again you could care as your constituents do not matter just your bank accounts
What's in it? Where can I review?
Way to look out for the BIG guy. Can't wait until your voted out!
Yes! Everyone hates you again pat! You really suck at being a senator....
How dare U cut Medicare lier
Take Medicaid from the most vulnerable to pay for tax cuts that will benefit @POTUS. 
If you truly believe what you wrote in that statement you are more delusional than I thought! No tax breaks for the rich!
If you could stop trying to genocide the poor that’d be nifty.
2 primary goals= Give 1% more  & Screw middle/lower classes. Stop bullshitting us Pat. #trumpsterinadumpster
TOOMEY friend to Koch and Grover Norquist. Screwing the middle class and the poor.
Enjoy your last few years. You will not win in this state again. You are a crook!
TOOMEY screwing PA once again.
New campaign slogan. TOOMEY ONLY VOTES TO BENEFIT PEOPLE WITH MONEY
Your statement is and has been quite clear! You vote for the biggest campaign donors and screw the people you represent
Hail Satan!  Satan Lives!
Who actually voted for this pathetic excuse of representing actual people?
Every analysis shows taxes will likely increase for most of the middle class - how is this going to stimulate the economy?

Boo!
Is this the one where I can no longer save for retirement tax free? Helpful! Where s corp taxes are lower than individual? Bamboozeled
And.... repealing the estate tax helps hardworking middle (98%} how? Koch bros love you! Trickle economics are back! Rich get richer.
Traitor to your constiuents and country.  How can you say you represent what you ran on and what your voters want?
Your propaganda is total BS & you know it. It only helps you & your donors. #theresistance @TuesdaysToomey #RealPA #ImpeachTrump
Here’s what pro-growth tax reform has done for regular Americans
You are a traitor to your constituents. Oh well, you'll be in the minority soon enough.
Citizens are impotent about day to day decisions in House and Senate - the French finally used the guillotine when enough was enough
Are you going to fight to remove the clause in this budget bill that GIVES OIL & GAS CORPS RIGHTS TO DRILL IN THE ARCTIC WILDLIFE REFUGE ?
It finances a tax cut for the 1% at the expense of  healthcare and  security of sick, disabled Americans. You are a club for growth monster
You lie! This gives the top 1% a tax break on our backs! Your math doesn’t add up! You’re bad for PA and USA!
Good luck trying to get it passed.  No chance.  Try bi-partisan legislation...oh. 45 can’t make up his mind what policies he supports

You have voted to cut over a billion from Medicare & Medicaid. You must not like your job.
In other words, the rich & your campaign big money supporters will get more money while the poor & middle class barely survive. Way to go!!
The greatest period of growth came in the 90's after Clinton raised taxes. What you passed today is the tax equivalent of junk bonds. Boo!
MY statement on your terrible budget and tax cuts for your friends/donors:
Shame on you and all Republicans who put tax cuts for the wealthy ahead of benefits for the majority of working class citizens.
This will only benefit those that are millionaires. Those of us in the middle class will likely see them go up a lot. #realPA
You're a sad excuse for a man. The poor deserve what they get & the middle class can suck it. That's your motto. PA deserves better than you
My statement on tonight's passage of the budget resolution: Senator Toomey has helped fuck the middle class. Another GOP PoS. #Budget2018
NICE!
The budget passed tonight by the Senate provides Congress with the tools it needs to enact tax cuts for the rich cuz that;s how we do.
TLDR;
"I helped pass a bill so that I can pass another horrible bill(tax cuts) without bipartisan support."
Wish I had the money and power to buy you off like the Kochs and their top 1% friends did. You are a traitor to the people of Pennsylvania
#NotOnePenny
Let's get this bill passed before they know what's in it. I'm afraid the lights of democracy is being dimmed by their secrecy and greed
@SenToomey do you actually care about Pennsylvanians? Your party's budget hurts the rest of us. How much longer before @GOP gets trickle down DOES NOT WORK! Please do not vote for this POS!
You really are trying to get into the history books as one of PA's most corrupt and incompetent senator.
By 'all Americans' you must be referring to the Kochs, because your move to eliminate the child credit will make middle class pay more. 
Any money I get back I'm gonna have to hoard because I'm gonna have no help when I'm old and need healthcare, my dude
So looking forward to your defeat.
Bet you are proud of yourself as you destroy the middle class. Trickle down economics never worked, it stymied the middle class.
there goes the deficit. Thanks for giving your WalStreet buddies while gutting Medicare and Medicaid all the while bypassing senate rules.
1% ers are cheering $11,000 a week raise.  Good work @SenToomey your donations should sky rocket now.  You Paid them back. #GoodInvestment
It didn't work under Bush and it won't work now. You have been bought by the highest bidder. Stop driving us into the ground!
Oh bull. This will hurt the middle class & poor. You do nothing to help your constituents. What about Medicaid/Medicare cuts? RESIGN!
No more handouts to the super-rich! We want health care instead! We want schools instead! We want college instead! We want childcare instead
I’m calling for you to resign.  As you want to cut Medicare not provide healthcare to the poor and middle class.  Why do we believe you
You don’t believe in education.  You support a man who is a racist and say nothing.  You don’t represent PA.
Thanks pat for looking out for us in central Penna
When the top 10% in society make out better than the rest of us, it is not a tax break for the middle class, no matter how you spin it.
my guess is... when you stated, "pro-growth" from tax reform, you're talking about your saving account, not your constituents.
Your statement sucks.
Are taxes decreasing for all Americans or will most face an increase due to elimination of deductions & increase in state&local taxes
I don’t think I’ve heard your thoughts on the luxury travel of the whitehouse?!?! Cut Medicare, Medicaid AND allow luxury travel by @gop?!
So Sen Toomey, where is the money coming from to pay for the top 1%’s tax cut? Is this going to be another @GOP partisan plan?
yay, i can't wait until taxes are lower for people richer than me!  that'll be great!
Congratulations you made a decision that will literally kill people while lining the pockets of the wealthy. You will be a stain on history.
It SUCKS!
Still waiting for you to act to protect my health care. And reinstate CHIP. And actually listen to your constituents. #realPA
For PAians that STILL THINK this guy is awsome, wtf is wrong w/you??? U seriously think you'll get $$$$$ because your CEO got a TAX BREAK??
Thank You Senator Toomey!  #MAGA
