Im sure the budget does not hurt much.  Just go ahead and rip off the bandaid, and your Constituents too.
So...? You have the majority in the House & Senate...and surely no VETO threat from the oval office. Balance the budget! Shrink government!
Toomey, you are so done next election, you don't care about the people of PA
say you wont vote for robbing coverage,tell the Admin to undo the Trump Tax,stop instability in exchanges, improve access  health care.
What are you planning on doing about "Corporate Welfare"?
You sold us out with #BetsyDeVos and now you're gonna kill us in #Pennsylvania
This budget is an absolute disaster for a great majority of Pennsylvanians (the people you work for).  Let's discuss at a Town Hall???
As a PA constituent, I'm here to tell you: Pat, you're fired.

You support tax cuts to the wealthiest?? Do you support taxes to pay for the wall? Do you support cuts to EPA? WhatDoYouSupport?
Negotiate, but get this passed
The broad goal seems to be driving the poor and working class further down to further enrich the wealthy so I see where u stand.
Get a backbone and support your constituents.
I support removing you from office, even if that means running against you!
Guess what Senator, you can be replaced
He will be replaced!
What do the Koch Bros say?  They seem to own you as does McConnell
Do you support spending $1000000 a day in government funds for the First Lady in New York? How about the cost for Mar-A-Lago every weekend?
Seriously?  Why don't you just say you don't care about the 99%. I am one of your constituents and you are not showing leadership.
Rats don't ease themselves off of a sinking ship. Jump Senator, JUMP!
All for the rich...yup, that is you Toomey
You are selling out PA
.respectfully I must insist you do everything in your power to limit & reduce govt. spending. We MUST live within our means #draintheswamp
respectfully, Toomey is the swamp.

Must-watch. @JoeNBC rips into Republicans: "Why do the Republicans keep looking into cameras and lie?" 
You agree with what McConnell tells you. Try listening to People, your constituents. Stand for us! Not your pocket!
It's okay for you to agree with that inhumane budget because you're a terrible person.   Enjoy your last term in the Senate.
What about cuts to Medicaid and Medicare?  Do you support them?
@SenToomey I am disappointed you are standing for this! Town hall??
Senator Toomey don't mess with our healthcare. Health insurance with high deductibles, cost, lo coverage isn't insurance.  It is robbery.
I like the idea of this burning pile of garbage but there are particular pieces of filth with which I disagree.
I agree!  It's a great budget to get America Humming again.  Tweaks are fine, but we need to pass quickly so we can move on to tax reform.
So you support the tax cuts for the wealthy? Also the cuts to public education? PA teachers appreciate that. Thanks.
If congress approves 1.2B to build a Mexican border wall, I think I will happily give up my American citizenship.
This is a debt ridden gift to you and Trumps cronnies.
Vote No, public education is the corner stone to our republic, cutting funding hurts everyone, it is the only way to level the playing field
This statement says nothing. No specifics. You are not a leader and refuse to take a real stand.
More of nothing out of your pen. You are shameful. 18222 is watching your one and only term. #dumptoomey
I am ashamed of your poor response & I don't live in PA. Trickle down didn't work in past nor in future.Tired of the rich getting everything
It's better but you are forgetting about about savage cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, CHIP, SNAP, etcYour rhetoric is too soft. No action either
Have you or any lackeys viewed these responses? 100% of responders hate you for your cowardly ways. Get some balls. Country before party.
Cowardly much?Tell the idiots who answer your phone that "balls" is not a cuss. When we call and say you need some, they object. But you do
So you're okay with the Medicaid cuts, the SSI cuts, the cuts to pretty much everything that aids the poor and those in need? Speak coward!
Have you no concern 4 health & welfare of mid & low income Americans: elderly, adults, children, ppl w/disabilities? Budget gives $ to rich.
You would. You disgust me, @SenToomey .
I've supported u since your days as my state rep/sen but this budget's assumptions r a joke. STEP UP NOW!  @SenBobCasey @RepRyanCostello
Cutting healthcare and Social Security are your goals? You are a coward and sycophant in dereliction of duty.
From your own mouth, you support "broad goals" of decimating Medicaid, Medicare, CHIP, SNAP. Your goal is to abandon constituents in need.
Your statement lacks substance. Are you bothered that the most vulnerable will be hurt most? What do you propose? Rep me for once 15126
I guess it's nice you read this one.
Liar! You were Trumps man thru your whole campaign...just too chicken to admit it
how can anyone agree with a president who is in bed with the Russians? Please stop supporting Trump; support PA citizens.
so you support cuts to medicaid which help large amounts of PA seniors afford their nursing care? cuts to student aid/loan relief for PA?
U support throwing ailing seniors In the street at end of their lives? Elderly DEPEND on Medicaid. WRONG! #D7PA #TrumpLies @TuesdaysToomey
How can you supporting the gutting of Public Education? Still supporting DeVos and her privatization? Shame on you!
Toomey doesn't care about our state. Devos gave him campaign money. She owns him.
Then you #support harming PA #children and it's most vulnerable ... you sir are entirely unfit to represent #PA and should #resign
But you dont get very specific with what you disagree with. Walk away from Trump and #DoYourJob if you want to keep it. #PinkSlipComing
You must be kidding -if you're not you better better get your resume updated since this is your last term in office!
But you're ok with cutting kids healthcare and Medicaid for the disabled????
trump's budget hurts many people in your district with its cuts to Medicaid. You had better vote no or you will be gone.  This man is insane
Don't you remember candidate @realDonaldTrump PROMISED no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Do you support his LIES?
So you hate the arts, kids, and poor people? WE WILL NOT FORGET HOW MUCH YOU SUCK
C'mon, man! When are you going to realize that it's supposed to be #CountryOverParty? Keep this up & you'll go down with @realDonaldTrump
of course you agree.  You haven't disagreed with a single thing this president has done.
This bill is cruel on so many levels. I've had three old friends die this past month from heroin overdoses! You can't support Trump!
we Pennsylvania are going to work very very hard the next time you are up for reelection to make sure you are jobless!
Which goals are they? Killing off the poor and the elderly?
The ends do not always justify the means! You better not vote for cutting Medicaid or Ryan White in #PA! #ProtectOurCare
Do NOT support #TrumpBudget!
I hope @SenToomey that you also do NOT support the large budget cuts to our public education or to student loans that our young deserve
We have a large population of elderly & growing who rely on Medicaid. Proposed cuts will have a HUGE impact.
Sen.Toomey, you don't listen to your constituents. If you did, you would know that the majority of the people copletely disagree with you.
Weak
Why don't you hold a series of Town Halls and explain to the voters of Pennsylvania exactly where you stand on Trump's budget?
You only mention cuts to NIH....none of the other cuts concern you???
Vote no! Loss of programs are needed for survival for so many PA citizens. Protect people in the state you represent.
the way we treat the neediest among us speaks volumes.#trumpbudget should be a national shame.
That's because you're awful
You "support the broad goals of the #TrumpBudget"  did u read the budget? This plan only helps the wealthy. 1.7 million Vets will be hurt
How about gutting PILF to look be the pockets of Charter and private schools?
Do NOT SUPPORT the cuts in Medicaid!!!!!  I will NOT support any senators that support this cut!
In that you represent me in the Senate, you need to start doing just that.  Quit being a party line sycophant. #MakeAmericaGroanAgain
I hope you do disagree with much of it! Signed: PA voter
@realDonaldTrump The 'broad goals' of the Trump budget are the gutting of America. It is a Trickle Down farce again, proven destructive.
Do you support Trumputin? Do you support stealing from our military service members ave veterans? Stand up for once!
If you push this through veterans like me (OEFx2) will potentially lose SNAP benefits. I really enjoy eating. Do the right thing
Who cares, like we could trust you
The broad goals of hurting children or hurting the elderly Senator?
Vote No against this budget! Trump's budget support the starving of babies and our elders! Republicans, are some mean spirited people!
I'd call you a tool Pat but that would imply you serve a purpose.
Education, healthcare, CMS, they are gutting it all and you are letting them.
Please don't support the drastic cuts to what our senior citizens and most vulnerable citizens! Matthew 25:40
Stop trumpcare
So misleading, Trumpcare is only about making the VERY poor POORER and the VERY rich RICHER. Shame on you.
Senator 790 personnel cuts to the prison system. Unacceptable
If you support this disaster of a budget, you can guarantee your constituents won't be "supporting" you for the mid-term elections!
Nothing about this balances the budget. Its simple math. How about Medicaid? Chesapeake Bay funding? Do you support those cuts?
Come on  Tommy that budget sounds like it could be the North Korean budget
So nothing on Medicare?   Stop trying to play both sides of the fence.  It is time to stand up for what is right!!!!
Please stop supporting that douche.  That support enables him to continue being the worst and scariest president in our history.
I do not support most of the budget and you represent me, not Trump. Have a town hall and we can discuss it.
Your truncated statement doesn't even scratch the surface. We need a real live Town Hall to hear more.
He's such an ass
Heh heh... He said BROAD goals. Like it's a chick or sumptin'. Tsss Tsss.
Right, Pat. As long as those "pro growth" tax cuts are in there for your rich donors, the rest of us can f**k off, right?
Translation: you will still vote for it, it will give your rich donors lots of money, and that is better than working accross the isle. Bum.
With respect: the broad goals are obviously dangerous cuts to public services and massive upward redistributions of wealth. Also: cruelty.
What about defunding public education...are you ok with that??
How about the cuts to human services?I'm glad you support @NIHFunding but where's your statement on cut directly impacting your constituents
Do you mean "the broad goals" of tax breaks for rich people?
Why don't you have a town hall so we can tell you what your constituents think of budget... hint: it isn't good for PA and neither are you.
Thanks I guess...?  How about cutting funding that allows low income children access to healthcare?  Not your top priority?
How about taking off payroll cap and lower payroll taxes, increase cap gains rate to income rate.  More consumer spending=growth.  Win-win
Pro-growth=trickle down, did not work with Reagan, won't work now.  Already taxing cap gains less than income, u need more?
Take some kind of action, then.  Don't continue being a toady for this administration
..then don't support!when are u going to jump ship with this #illegit45...we'll remember...
You're pretty light on the particulars of your disagreement. Pls provide more details. Are you ok with Medicaid reductions?- Pgh constituent
Do not cut Medicaid or Social Security to buy more bombs or build a wall
You would support Hitler if he put money in your pockets. Credibility = 0
This is an awful lot of words, Senator, when you could've just said "rubberstamp."
Keep using that rubber stamp, starting on 2018 we'll be changing congress, you can keep running candy desk
Hold a town meeting, say it to our faces. Coward.
So would you say Medicaid/pgms to support the poor are a waste but increased defense spending & the wall are not? Interesting 
Don't be a blood sucker
That's your only dissent! The cuts to National institute of health? Not education Medicaid or food stamps. What happened to prolife?
You will be held accountable for harm done to the economy by the proposed cuts to the safety net. madness
2 Trillion dollar error...amateurs. Trump is making the GOP a laughingstock. A cruel, inhumane, incompetent laughingstock.
You know you're there till 2022 so you'll use that time to line your pockets and pass laws for you and yours. You are a slimy, smarmy pig!
That's why I didn't vote for you. Ignorance!!!
Ah, how do you sleep?
Ah, how do you sleep at night? - John Lennon and all of PA
thoughts on NSF funding? Just moved into PA, if our SBIR grant disappears, we'll no longer be able to afford living here.
Well you lose my vote!
Thank you !
This PA job creator is getting ready 4 GOP Economy Melt Down 2.0. Will apply lessons learned when Bush 43 ran the  economy off the rails!
Are you ok with screwing the poor but not the $2T math error, or the other way around?
How much do you stand to gain Senator, while the rest of us lose.  You are fired.
You are a hack
Wow! So happy you woke up & joined the discussion I was beginning 2 think u had fallen into the sink hole at Mar-a-Lago #hiding #disengaged
This is a tax cut for the rich on the backs of the poor-that's it. If you support it in any way you do not have my vote. GOP voter in 19382
Really? That's the best you can do? I cannot wait to vote you out of office.
Never mind the $2 TRILLION math error. You're an idiot Pat!
With few exceptions ?
How about you repay the IOUs congress left in social security trust? Did you forget about the money you borrowed? We didn't.
Try actually listening to your constituents and his a town hall.
The broad goals of decimating programs for the poor?  You should be ashamed.
Perhaps you can use your health insurance to have a spine implanted. Obviously you dont have one.
Thank you, Senator from a constituent. You don't need to follow the WH. Lead from the Senate.
Your record shows you will vote for wealthy. Trickle down economics didn't  work before & wont work now. Think of us for a change.
Your Kidding, Right!
What about Medicaid, SNAP, and CHIP? Don't you care about the sick and poor in PA, @SenToomey ?
This budget is an attack on children, the elderly, and the less fortunate. Of course no mention of that...I am disgusted with your cowardice
You're the fucking worst.   Seriously?  What about the poor people all over PA?
Well, maybe the second worst; after the Cheeto
How about the assumption that economic growth will balance the budget which will result in the growth aforementioned? That's how you think?
I really don't think you have a soul. I hope you enjoy all of the money this bring you will the masses suffer. We will not forget!
DJT got 48.2 % vote in PA. HRC got 47.5%. Hardly a mandate to blindly support his budget.
Please save the ACA & the social safety net that takes care of Americans. Trump voters don't support Tax Cuts for the rich either. #PAvoter
This budget is nightmare--will hurt elders, children, working/middle class families, poor, while giving huge tax breaks to the rich.
The budget proposed by @realDonaldTrump is a joke and will only harm the majority of Americans.  Is that you aim too, Pat? #GOPLiesMatter
this is justPR crap.  You will do whatever your masters pay you to do.  A total trump stooge
So you support starving seniors, cutting the Arts and givebacks to the wealthy? What a shock. #RealPA is sick of you not representing us.
How about public service loan forgiveness? Especially for the folks on it for a few years. Help save the program, please!
Hitler's domestic program on infrastructure was stellar.
This is a pathetic statement on a budget designed to destroy programs that help your voters. Man up Toomey. #TrumpBudget @TuesdaysToomey
Your objections don't go far enough. The entire budget is a travesty and your constituents, especially those who turned PA red, will suffer.
Cuts would devastate poor communities and people affected by the opioid epidemic, kids and sick will suffer b/c you won't stand up to Trump
"But I will vote in favor of the proposed budget regardless because I just do whatever Donald Trump tells me"
and so u will goose step along who are u kidding you'll vote for this and everything Russia puts in front of u..traitor! u should be hanged
Are you referring to the "Let Them Eat Cake" budget?

I don't think that worked out well for leadership last time it was tried...
Grow a pair.
Did u happen to catch the 2 trillion dollar math error? Or is that one of the "particulars" u disagree with? Ur a donor & @GOP shill.
Good to know you support gutting Medicaid & Medicare. It's revolting to me that $$ is more important than your constituents
There needs to be more disagreement from you in order for your to be credible. This is a step, but weak.
Thank you for supporting NIH. Please also do the right thing and stop cuts to children, the poor and the elderly. Show us ur a good person
Don't u know your constituents r not billionaires?  This budget would decimate the residents of PA.   You r heartless.
Stick to your stated broad goals, work out the details.
You're a terrible person.
How about a live, open, town hall to talk about it?
