Does this mean you'll finally speak out against @realDonaldTrump ? #hypocrite #coward
Thank you for denouncing these acts. Happy to see you doing something positive for once.
Arrest Them!! 10yrs Hard Labor!! put them on chain gangs and  build the Wall. America 1st!!!!!!!!!
so quit playing Werner von Fritsch to Trump's Hitler ..#nazi #russia
have you told Bannon and @realDonaldTrump how you feel?  I want to see you take action #DoYourJob #YourLastTerm
when will the president speak against hate crimes?
Stop supporting a president who fans the flames of hate and racism.
thank you for speaking out about this.
we need to talk!
Philly is nice this time of year, have you ever been?
Unfortunately, Pat, your man Trump and his hateful rhetoric are mostly to blame for this act and others like it.
you need to have town hall meetings with PA citizens. DO YOUR JOB! We want to see Trump's taxes and Russian ties.
What is wrong with some people? Obviously, some people have too much time on their hands!Stop the hate!
yr leader opened Pandora's box with his "alt right" friends.  Pressure him to get rid on Bannon & Miller.
since when do you care about hate, or philly?
You have a responsibility to your constituants to fight hate and anti-Semitism in PA. Stand up to Trump!!!!
So when are you calling out @realDonaldTrump for flaming all the hatred? #silenceisdeafening
Call on the President to respond to these acts.
words r empty w/o action. Will u seek perpetrators? Push trump to denounce? Increase security? Be present to listen to our fear?
Your constituents would love to hear from you in person about your views on hate and intolerance. We're looking forward to it!
show up at a town hall some day.  We'll tell you all about it, you out of touch mess!  You do a terrible job representing PA.
How do people act this way and call themselves AMERICANS? These acts of HATRED are ridiculous and uncalled for.
I often wonder what it's like for you to not have a single supportive comment to any of your tweets?
why has Trump said nothing and what are you going to do about his silence?
country b4 party.
neither does taking money from businesses and ignoring your constituents
then stop supporting the R party that keeps spewing hate! Stand up and push back against injustice.
that's funny. That's what I told you when you were tweeting about scary brown people during your election.
Trump and your condemnation ring hollow since anti Semitic Bannon inhabits administration- get real
Remember, #TheBuckStopsHere #tellYourBoss
it took you a week to come up with that!
if you feel like this then tell the president to get rid of Bannon and Sessions. Otherwise you're a sham!!
how about you visit Philly and hold a town hall if you are so concerned about the city.
you are correct. Will you insist that your president avows the same?
Maybe you should get your president to stop the hate speech.  Tell his friends to stop the destruction. #OurRevolution #resist
Well YOUR 45 created it..and yet you let him continue. His whole adminstration is built on HATE!
And your Supreme Leader remains silent. You've been sucking up to him for months, get him to DO something!
TY for speaking out about these hate crimes. But will you speak out against your party that allows this hate to continue?
#Nadler where is your support of the resolution of inquiry? We are watching
I agree. Thank you. Just as disgusting are the travel bans and talk of a southern border wall. - PA Constituent
neither does our pres!  He's the root of this hate in America!  @realDonaldTrump emboldens & legitimizes these acts!  #impeach
call it what it is.. RADICAL REPUBLICAN TERRORISM
Amen
you are a hypocrite
maybe tell your boy Donnie to tone down his caustic rhetoric..This is the root cause..
YOUR president and YOUR party are responsible for this
You say this but continue to support #45 with his hateful rhetoric. You should be ashamed of yourself.
thank you for saying what 45 won't. Hope you will also stand up for us in other ways that our president won't
Tell YOUR president to condemn these kinds of acts instead of always pointing his finger at the Latinx and Af. Am. communities
So right. Let's stop acts of hate & intolerance against LGBT people too #equality #supporttranspeople
The Republican Party has instigated these attacks! Investigate Trump!
Stand up to trump. And don't approve any budgets for military bombers that cut education!!! @SenToomey @phillydotcom
Words of hate & intolerance during campaign & since,fueled this.What actions will you take to fuel respect/love?
Gee...any idea why that is happening more?  Could it be???
Country before party. Stand up to hate coming from this administration.
this is happening all over US since Nov. These acts are the consequences of not questioning the Trump regimes racist agenda!
The GOP used this type of hate to win an election
What are YOU doing about it?
Thank you for speaking out. This is your first constructive comment since the election.  Now how will you work to change this?
What are you doing to protect people from these actions?  The administration is not doing anything... where do you stand?
when WH policy condones racial & religious persecution people think it's ok to act on their hate. Change the policy #SayNoToHate
why are u so late in condemning this act?  Do u wait for GOP approval before making statements? @IfUSeePat @TuesdaysToomey #lead
Don't you feel at least partly responsible?
A miniscule step in the long road ahead. What are you going to do about the increase in hate crimes in America?
correct!!! Take the time to compare these actions with rhetoric from our sitting president!!!! Thank you
I cannot wait till your ass is voted out office
and your doing what about it?  Do something!!!
bit late to the party Pat...but better late than never
does this mean you will be visiting the cemetery? I'm sure your constituents here would love that.
Thanks for speaking out.  Sadly, these crimes are increasing (FBI 2016 report).  What are you doing to curb these hateful acts?
Thank you for speaking out so clearly
take acftion against the source - trump. stop being worthless and start working for the people of PA. Your blind allegiance sucks
@realDonaldTrump and it's most likely supporters of our president as he encourages that kind of activity. And YOU blindly support
words are nice, Senator, but will you follow it with action?
Then take action and quit standing with @realDonaldTrump and his hate spewing policies and appointees.
Thank you for speaking up.
What do you expect when your #FakePresident is supported by white nationalists?
Your party is content to use Trump to advance your agenda. This intolerance lays at your doorstep.
True - we are better than this. Please use your influence to speak these words loudly to the administration.
You bear responsibility for this hateful crime by supporting our racist, xenophobic leader.
You created the monster, Herr Drumpf.  Sad to see you claim ignorance. Put your country ahead of your party!
I just asked Alexa if you were a good Senator. She couldn't find the answer to the question.
.@SenToomey Thank you Senator. Please know that when you insinuate constituents are "paid protestors" (Soros) that plays into antisemitism.
And no one is paying us. Real people fear real damage from things you support. We don't intend to just take it.
What a wuss! Do your job. Meet with your constituents, Don't hide.We thought you moved to Russia.
thank you. I am astonished at the hateful left's display of hatred and idiocy as they blame we who are peaceful
You are complicit with hate filled rhetoric of this administration by not speaking out and your support of Trump.
then why do you let @realDonaldTrump spread his vitrol around? That did you expect? #WakeUpAmerica
PAT YOURE CONSTITUENTS ARE GOING TO DIE WHEN YOU TAKE AWAY THERE HEALTHCARE! But you took a stand on vandalism ! HOW BRAVE!
Nice words, but when you side with a leader who promotes xenophobia and hate, your words ring a little shallow sir
yet you support Trump who employs anti semitic folks.
you support an administration that definitely influenced these disgusting crimes
.@SenToomey Then do something about it instead of hiding in fear, not calling out anti-semitism, and cozying up to POTUS.
Why take so long to get this statement out? What are your plans to combat this rise in hatred? Actions not words!
thank you for your words against this act....now use your influence/votes to bring the WH inline with this.
that's not what your voting record says...
White Nation'ists r in the WH. What are u doing 2 fight racism anti-semitism xenophobia? Meet w/ur constituents 2 discuss issues.
and yet your President  Trump has nothing to say about it. Hmmmmmm
you need to do more than Tweet. This is not leadership. Show up IN PERSON & condemn Trump & his racist supporters
. Agreed 100%. Please continue to speak out against ALL
acts of hate and intolerance!
no place in our society?? FACT that in 2016 you were one of the top funded oil recipients in office#ParisAgreement
This only smacks of insincerity coming from a Trump booster.
You should hold a town hall so you can talk about it with your constituents.
And yet you support Trump... So...
Your party and President created this so don't act concerned. Were you concerned when you voted for him?
Really? This is all you have to say? What are you going to do about it? Show your kids what a Sen can do about it!
We have an Jew-hating president, VP and Steve Bannon, so this is what happens. Except in Quebec, where Trump fans kill Muslims.
So push back on the current administration which is fomenting these horrific acts. #CountryBeforeParty #DoYourJob
if he had done his job he would be a well loved Senator. He is a coward.
no comments from 45 on this or disasterois flooding in CA.  No offers of assistance to citizens in Dem areas.
why nothing from  45? He was able to comment when it happened in GOP area of country. 500 headstones!!!!
@FarFarrAway maybe if you worked for your constituents this shit wouldn't happen! DO YOUR JOB
It took you 24hrs to craft this? Twitter is available 24/7
And republicans who support anti-semitic Trump have blood on their hands.
you come out and speak about this while preaching hate against the LGBTQA community. You are a hypocrite
and yet you support the man who condones and influences this heinous behavior. #standup #bebrave #onwrongside
Way to be on top of the situation with that denouncement, Senator.
#AFewDaysLate
yet you support @realDonaldTrump 
Please come out of hiding! We want town hall meetings!
these attacks appear to be organized by Democrats and liberals..Their hate knows no bounds.
if u genuinely feel this way, stand up + speak out against Trump + Bannon + their acts of hate + intolerance
But you will stand by silently while a white supremacist leads our POTUS by the nose.
Thank you, Senator Toomey!
Words don't mean much if your actions don't back them up. You have wholly supported a racist, xenophobic administration.
Answer your phones and face your constituents and you'll really learn what we want. #hiddensenators
he knows. Hes just throwing out this to make us think he cares.
Stop supporting divisive policy! @SenToomey, You must accept your share of the blame for this tragedy. #StoptheHate
.@SenToomey @phillydotcom Can you say acts of #antiSemitism or do you avoid it so as not to offend the #AltRight
Nor do men from Kansas shooting Indian engineers in restaurants. I need your outrage at that too!
Senator Toomey, please publicly speak out now, more than a tweet. #LoveTrumpsHate
thank u 4 the words but now need ACTION by u. This admin policies r filled w acts of hate & intolerance.#supportALL
it is irresponsible to treat the symptoms while ignoring the cause.
should have said syndrome. Smh
Maybe if you could face your Constituents at town halls....
ha ha, good one. He won't, he knows he can't give answers we need.
and yet you support Trump? Ever hear of talking out of both sides of your ass?!?
actions speak louder than words! Your words are hollow!!
Thank you for speaking out. We very much appreciate hearing your voice on this.
tell ur bigot in chief drumpt
Tell that to your boss @SenToomey. Intolerance, hatred, and bigotry on the rise under @realDonaldTrump @POTUS administration. @phillydotcom
Then perhaps you should show some backbone and fight against the racist administration currently in office!
Tell WH to get ALL the Briebart ppl out! They emboldened haters & r deconstructing our democracy #CountryB4Party
Deplorable.
Shame you don't take the time to actually address the citizens of Philly in person. Talk is cheap.
only condemns racists that haven't made significant contributions to his campaign.
@FarFarrAway  Brave stance.
Host a healing & reconciliation town hall here. LEAD as leaders do.
I guess you have to say something to sound like your a caring human, but it is all too late for you and your party.
you're a week late.
Separate yourself from trump- have some integrity. No bannon; independent investigation of Russia gate
no place at all. Trump@has enabled it let's be honest
Thank you. Your voice is very important.
Wht is ur plan 2 fight the hate?What will u demand frm the Prez? You voted 4 Sessions, wht is he doing? Where r u??
he comes out of hiding for 2 minutes and makes a little comment. Thanks, you are so much help.  Weasel.
If you had the courage of your convictions you'd oppose Bannon's appt to WH & NSC since he's bragged about promoting alt-right.
this is on you. You have been lock step with the president. Shame on you
Can you stand up against the Kansas man who killed the young Indian man?  This was a hate crime too!
What are you as a leader going to do about it? A few words mean nothing if not followed by action.
what are you doing to prevent these acts in your words and deeds? Words w/o actions have no meaning
- Could you speak out against ALL religious intolerance?  Seems the president cannot.
somehow, since you are not  brave enough to take town halls, I am not suprised that you did not show up to help
and notice how they only showed up when Trump got elected...the GOP is responsible for all of this
and you need to think and look into your heart about the ways you enable this hate and take responsibility for it
.@SenToomey @All100Senators @phillydotcom then why do you always vote with Trump? His admin is run by an anti-Semite.
hate and intolerance trickle down from administration you are part of the problem not the solution
I agree, please speak out against the environment created by Trump administration's hires of Benin and Miller
You can help, but will you? You own a big piece of what happens next. #russiagate
maybe come out and talk to us
when will you be speaking out against Trump's acts of hate and intolerance?
he won't.  He's always hiding from us.We won't be hiding come next election.  Better save up Weasel. You are done.
Thank you for you statement. Now will you agree about the increase in these things since #trump came into office?
Please demand a stronger stance against hate from the white house. It is being driven by rhetoric from Washington
A little late isn't it? You just stood by while DJT was spouting divisive rhetoric.
and he will keep doing it because he took their money. Now he spends next 6 years hiding. Nice life?
please, that takes guts, none if which he has. I feel sorry for his kids with a coward for a Dad.
thank you for speaking out. Please hold POTUS accountable and #investigatetrump
.@SenToomey If you really believed that you wouldn't have voted for Trump.  You don't get to choose to be intolerant against hate part-time.
that's literally the first thing you have teeeted that makes any sense. Thanks for that at least.
So what are you going to do about it @SenToomey? The anti-Semitic acts we're witnessing have been spawned in the White House.
When you completely support a man who racist & bigoted, this is the result.
people like you and the president made this possible!!!!
You lack all credibility on this subject you disingenuous fool.
You don't mean that. You support a P***y grabbing anti Semitic  administration that is intolerant!
Then stand up to President Bannon and his puppet Trump.
Also like to see you ADVOCATE for independent prosecutor for Russia investigation. Can you STAND UP for the US citizens?
it takes leadership and bravery to combat this.  Are you up to it
Would like to see some LEADERSHIP from you in decrying Trump's assault on press and judicial branch. LEAD don't follow!
Hypocrite.
It's time for you to put country above party loyalty.
You are compliant in, and condone, an administration based around hate. And you're surprised that people are following YOUR lead?
Never saw @Sen Toomey destroying private property or desecrating graves...Like those cowards
Trump calling media "enemy of people" equally disgusting. When will you call him out for authoritarian attack on basic liberties?
Right on Senator for standing up on this. Leaders who love and value the United States stand up for justice and equality.
"... but I'll keep supporting Bannon's bitch because the party is more important than the country." #DoYourJob #Impeach
Come out to a town hall and say that! With all of the republicans hiding the hate groups feel they have the right to take over.
