Good premise Pat.  Lets make sure we push that investigation forward.
And how is this different than Hillary? Oh yeah she was a Democrat. How far down you willing to go for cheeto?
You are a coward for believing this claptrap lies from the people who want to destroy our POTUS. I will never vote for you again.
Don't hold your breath. They will likely blame Obama
Haha, ur right, but I think in this case Hilary
Senator, you have placed your party loyalty over our National Security. Despicable puts it mildly. Impeach Trump & his entire Russian Mob.
I believe as a US Senator, you have the power to do more than just "hope" for more info. As a constituent, I demand @SenToomey do so.
In other words, you'll do nothing about Trump leaking classified info and hope we accept this letter as "doing something." #rubberstamp
"Hope"? How about you "expect" and if no action then do something. Such a weak statement.
Ok, Senator, now stand amid your peers in Congress and say this to them and demand the memos, the recordings of the meeting in Oval Office
Good for him. One of the few solid R statements
As PA resident & GOP donor, you capitulate too easily to the @washingtonpost and @nytimes llies and manipulation to try to destroy Trump
how much are all your bogus investigations costing the tax payers?  We want to know?

So when can we expect your call for an #IndependentProsecutor to investigate @POTUS, his campaign and the dysfunctional @WhiteHouse? @mcall
What did you do with the real Pat Toomey ???
Trump did nothing wrong. You know there's a deep State coup & COG is in play & you're a part of it. We're not abandoning Trump w/o a fight
@POTUS doesn't know what he's doing. "I get great intelligence. The best" Nonsense. Follow the laws to the letter, and stop being sloppy.
we finally got rid of 8 years of the man who all but ruined our country, and now you want to bring down the one person who can fix it.
Trump Supports will unite against  the losers in congress are trying to do to bring him down - we are not putting up with it.
Russia is our friend in trying to defeat ISES.  Why won't you let Russia share their transcript of their meeting with Trump?
Your "statement" is nothing more than a path to distance yourself should @POTUS fall, but not offend #Trump should he prevail. #suckittoomey
Impeach......... Do your job.  Oh, that's right, you have been bought off and don't care about us.....
I worked in IC & if I had done this I would be facing 10yrs in jail. This is wrong and endangers Natl security. Limit what intell POTUS gets
When are you going to admit that he is a crazy loose cannon, Senator?
now why couldn't GOP leadership have said this?
@resisterhood Uh. This happened. 
Whose spine did he borrow?
Maybe someone snuck one out of whatever closet the @SenateMajLdr is keeping them in.

Either way...dude.
but if it was @HillaryClinton emails u would put @TGowdySC on the caseno sense! You don't rep PA you tow party lines DJT is your downfall
go ahead and write up the article. You KNOW you screwed up.
I hope you actually DO something about this. Show us that you know you work for us so we can stop regretting we voted for you for a minute.
it's amazing how you could fit so many words into that statement and not actually say anything. Special prosecutor please.
Is this what the latest of your #letterstotoomey asked for, @stephitaph ?
It's a tiny step toward something that might eventually be a stand, I guess?
Progress!
Its about time Pat welcome to the party
You, Sir, are a Coward and this "statement" proves it. Demand an independent investigation NOW. 18222 is watching YOU. Country over Party.
Mr INDEPENDENT THINKER it's NOT the singular issue of legality of Trump's action its his overall recklessness & your just towing the line!!!
We can only have a full explanation of the facts if you put country before party & demand an independent investigation into Trump's treason.
Progress Toomey but get real- Impeachment proceedings must begin. The evidence is overwhelming despite their pathetic attempts at cover-up
Congress' Checks and Balances on @POTUS.
Nice rhetoric. We are still waiting for Trump's tac returns, the results of the Russian investigation AND
So when are you going to do something about the Traitor @realDonaldTrump ? #impeach
You're growing a spine, perhaps there is hope afterall
An independent investigation of Trump would be a great next step
Where where you when Obama gave away positions to the Russians of our CIA head in Iran?  Garbage
... so call for him to resign Senator!  Put country before party for once!
I think that when the leader of your party is obstructing justice, then your party's entire agenda is tainted. 15025
I'm a Pennsylvanian and I implore you to impeach Trump.  He's dangerous.
You "Hope" they come forward with an explanation? Wow! You're a real firecracker!
Thank you for standing up. Please, let's get to the bottom of all this.
It's time for an independent investigation of Trump. Time to act.
this is a stretch for you Senator thank you for once
Thank you @SenToomey for speaking out on the severity of this matter.
Great statement, actions speak louder than words. Stand up to this train wreck. #CountryOverParty
@SenToomey: It's time to call for impeachment. Stand up! Get off the Titanic before your career is sunk. Don't be a stooge. (18017)
Thank you @SenToomey.
are u going to go down with the plane or not..It's up to u ,so far you are aiding and abetting a treasonous clown president and u know it
The question for you then is "What will you do if they don't provide a  satisfactory explanation?"  The more they explain, the worse it gets
I am a constituent (19144). Thank you for this. Please lead the GOP in the impeachment and removal process! @POTUS is dangerous and unfit
About time the GOP gets on board to check the incompetent-in-chief @realDonaldTrump
About time you grew a backbone! Wake Up!Trump is a fraud! Be loyal to your constituents, not your GOP Party that has turned a blind eye!@
Thank you Senator Toomey for finally doing what is right when it comes to the President's outrageousness and reckless incompetence.
Ship might be sinking-since this is your first half-hearted "big" stand against Trump's outrageous behavior. Actions Sir. Special Prosecutor
We need a special Prosecutor.   I'll be impressed when you do something other than release a statement.
1.  As your constituent, I applaud the fact that you finally said something.  It is, however, typically lukewarm.  You do realize the intel
2. shared with Russia likely came from trusted ally Israel?  Russia will, as you very well know, take whatever this is and run to their ally
3.  Iran.  Iran and Israel are enemies and it's possible the President put Israeli lives in danger.  This is more than "troubling," or
So I guess that's the standard for our president now? Its hypocritical, incompetent and dangerous, but hey, at least it's not illegal!
Alternative facts, maybe...
How will you vote on impeachment for obstruction of justice when it gets to that point?
Hey Toomey, it's over. As a Republican I want that man out of the WH and it cannot come soon enough.
Why don't you ask about 30K emails that contained classified information?
NOT GOOD ENOUGH. We need an independent investigation! Grow some backbone and take a stand! #CountryOverParty
You are complicit. We see you and are not fooled by your empty talk. 19038
Nice statement, now DO something about it.
#ImpeachTrump now. He's already done so much damage. He's a danger to America and to society.
Well hot damn. Way to not be totally blinded by party for once. Ish.
So this is what it takes for you to finally stand up against treason? Flowery words. Now act on them rather than kowtowing
Good for you Senator! Please support a full investigation. Time to put country over party. (From  a PA voter.)
And you "hope" we won't remember come elections.
Actions, not words. #StandUpForAmerica #DefendTheConstitutionNotTrump
Look out for these meaningless words from lawmakers:
CONCERNING
TROUBLING
DISTURBING…
You've mastered the lukewarm response.
So it looks like the GOP Prez just outed a key ally and the GOP Senate will keep their head in the sand. @MMFlint @TuesdaysToomey @mcall
ok. good. integrity 
There will be no reasonable explanation from the White House.  Put country before party.  Please, impeach and convict.
It's just words that will never translate into action.  That's how this guy rolls.
Go away, you are a coward..and will take no action. Our democracy will be protected NOT by you, but by the PRESS and the FBI & smarts of O.
Weak.
Thanks for finally coming around to reason.
Now is the time to call for a special prosecutor! Time for Pat Toomey to step up and act for the sake of our country! #ACT!
I find your statement weak given the gravity of the situation. Demand answers! Demand independent investigation into #Trumprussia
That statement says NOTHING. Time for #DangerousDonny to go!  DO SOMETHING!  #ComeyMemo #LiarInChief #LOCKHIMUP
This executive branch has shown that it will not disclose information freely. Call for an independent investigator
Hope we are not just waiting out the news cycle with the wish this will all go away. Time for action from congress to get all the facts out.
What will you do when no explanation comes? Sir, while we still have a country, you must endorse #impeachment.
Warning all the commenters below: Words are in McCain territory. We need action. We need an independent investigation now.
These words are a good start. Now keep after it loud and clear until there's action.
You have no idea how you piss me and others off when you make statements like this, and do nothing about Clinton, or other issues I stated!
You want to do something constructive.... Clinton, 9 th circuit court, border wall, immigration, 20 time deportees! God Damn do something!
Your actually going to stand up for a president that is guilt of perversion of Justice??? Really
God Damit, you people never cease to amaze me with your platitudes!
Is there something in the water in Washington that makes you people turn into idiots once you spend a few days there at the cesspool!
Nice to finally see our PA GOP representative put country ahead of party.
Get your crap together! You look like a fire fighter throwing water on a house 3 over from the one that's in flames!
Supporting a independent prosecutor/commission would be even better than a statement.
Clinton walks and your criticizing Trump and his administration! Have you lost your GD mind, you sound like a democrat!
You're a senator. You don't have to hope. You can and should demand.
Are you kidding me, that is the most outrageous statement I have ever heard! What about H Clinton, if you want to talk about divulging.
Awesome. More impotent words from the least effective member of the senate. Why not talk about more of your failed legislation too
Pat knows that other shoe is gonna drop, or maybe 50 other shoes...
And so?  What are you planning to do about it.  When will you investigate?  The American people have no confidence in this administration.
hope you really act. We need checks and balances on this president and would like to see the GOP have the guts to stand up to this mess.
we demand Comey be allowed to testify in public. Distance yourself from trump now. He is a disgrace to this country. 2018.
TY @SenToomey for a strong statement against the president's reported mishandling of highly classified info. Actions can be legal AND wrong.
That's a step forward but still pretty mealy mouthed. #bold #decisive #NOTleadership
Actions speak louder then words t minus 7 years and 7 months and you may learn.
Good boy! A++
Get over yourself and actually DO something.
Thank you for starting to speak out.  Time to update your Comey statement from last week and name a special prosecutor.
You need to do better. What action will you take?   Please put our country first.
I hope this statement is step one of impeachment proceedings. #realPA 19474
They will never tell you the truth.  Get use to it.  #ImpeachTrump is getting to be more and more of the correct answer every day.
Have you seen enough yet? Please, step up and protect the country. This isn't a game. This will only get worse.
Now demand an independent investigation before democracy falls. Trump is unhinged! The world is grimacing at us!
Special prosecutor. There's still time to be on the right side of this
Good 1st step..keep trying.Let's see if you can put ACTIONs to your words. You better decide fast who you want to be.
Thank you for your patriotism in addressing this.  We are counting on the house and senate to act for the good of our country.
It's time to stop hoping and demanding more information from this administration!
Pat you are falling for #FakeNews and you are there because of us who voted for @Potus so do your job and back our vote and our President!
what is your a statement on firing of Comey and his memo where Trump asks him to drop the investigation?  Obstruction much?? #impeach
No, no, no. *We* hope. *You* are a senator with the power to compel. Instead, you do nothing. Start an independent investigation!
Phew, glad you see Russia not a friend to U.S. How about taking the brace step of demanding a special prosecutor?#TrumpObstructionOfJustice
As a constituent, I am asking you to do more than issue a statement. "Tapes" & memos need to be preserved & subpoenas issued #flynn #comey
Independent commission. The president*'s authoritarian enthusiasm for all things Putin has reached a reckless level. (*electoral).
Finally signs of accountability, signs of integrity.  Stay with it, Senator. #ImpeachTrumpPence
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT NONPARTISAN PROSECUTOR TIME - no excuses!
This is really disturbing and one more reason we need an independent nonpartisan prosecutor to investigate tRump/Russia and illegal actions
Call for independent investigation. Call for transcripts.
All hope was lost when Trump took office. Demand an independent investigation now. #realPA 17837
And your plan here is?  To hide from your constituents some more?
He forgets who he works for.
As a Pennsylvania volunteer soldier told a captured Confederate at Gettysburg: " come on over to the good side."
Do you really want to be tainted by Trump? Sir, it's time to start impeachment proceedings ASAP.
It's getting late to jump off the Trump Train. Republicans who are the first to side with country over party will be remembered as heros.
If something isn't done about this, we can kiss our Democracy goodbye. Serious action needs to take place. Do it or get out!
I normally come here to bitch, today I will abstain. Would have preferred something stronger, but this is appropriate imho
Cut the umbilical cord to DT now
We need a stronger response. Not his right to give away anthers secrets. Careless disregard and lack of respect. #NeedMore
I hope that you will ask for an independant prosecutor to investigate all of DT's actions
The only way to get a "full explanation" is to investigate, an independent investigation.  Only you and a few GOPers need to demand this.
You may want to address those who leaked the info. This is a criminal offense and they should be found and prosecuted.
Ah ha! PAt got the talking point script!
I'm genuinely proud of you for taking a stand and putting County before Party.
The people of America deserve facts, and protectection from a dangerous situation, not empty explanations
Disclosure of information may be within presidential power, but Trump does not seem able to competantly discharge the powers of the office
Kushner, Sessions...official documents and sworn testimony does not ensure the slightest bit of truthfulness. Explanations are worthless.
Too little at this moment of national crisis. An independent investigation is overdue. Stand up and do the right thing!
For too many years the party has held its own interests above truth and country. Channel Hugh Scott and John Heinz, men with integrity.
The more I think about this statement the more bothersome it is. This administration lies multiple times daily.
Isn't it time for the GOP to choose country over party; citizenship over partisanship? You, in particular, need to raise your voice, sir.
So do something about it
Insist that Deputy AG Rosenstein's briefing of the Senate this week be made public instead of veiled in secrecy behind closed doors!
"Hoping" is not the job of a Senator. The Admin has not been forthcoming. Go find your answers and report back.
I wish everyone would stop w/the grandstanding. Convenient to pick on others when u can't get ur real work done. Balance the budget already!
I urge you to push for an independent commission to investigate Trump's "missteps." You've earned the respect of PA Dems, don't lose it now!
Really, #FraidyPat ? You "hope"? Facts "soon"? Sorry but lame sidestep statement  #DoYourJob NOW #ActionsNotWords NOW #ImpeachThenProsecute
What is going on?  Trump asking Comey for handling of any case[s] would be obstruction.  The Republicans must respond.
And what will you do about it? #TrumpRussia #SpecialProsecutor
weasel statement with more "outs" in it than the Phillies lineup. Grow a set and stand up for AMERICANS.
"Hope?"  No not "hope," insist!  I hope that will happen, you are a US Senator charged w/far more than protecting your seat above all else.
Um, how about that independent investigation? Any chance we can get that now? #ComeyMemo
Please do something about it, then
Wow, is Toomey finally standing up to Trump? Keep it up and maybe I'll consider not voting against you. #TrumpLeaks #ImpeachTrump
This is the best thing you've said in 2 years but you need to take this further
is there any way to accelerate your growing of a backbone?
Then push for a special prosecutor
If this is your version of holding the administration accountable, it gets a failing grade. Demand answers. That's part of your job 15126
Could you please advise when you'll be holding an in person town hall?
