No Gorsuch vote until Trump TREASON investigation is resolved
Pat, do ONE right thing in your miserable, corrupt career... vote no on Gorsuch.
do your job!!  No to nuclear option. We deserve a candidate that has majority consensus
Horrible decision to change Senate rules to confirm Gorsuch. American values are being flushed.
We in Erie feel forgotten...guess we don't have enough money??
It would be great to join you at a town hall meeting in Philadelphia, too.  Remember Philadelphia?
Im just gonna leave this here...
Don't change rules 4 Gorsuch. Should be required to earn 60 votes. POTUS is under investigation. Judge Garland was denied his hearing.
Again, NO, NO, NO ,on Gorsuch.  Stop ignoring what your constituents want. Do your job You work for us.
#judgeGarland why did he not deserve a vote, but-nominee from a president who is under investigation and who may be in his last year, does?
You are going to regret changing democracy. Shame on you.
How can someone who plagiarizes be on SCOTUS? If you can't uphold the law you can't interpret it either! #NoGorsuch
Do not confirm Gorsuch.
Let see if party puppet Pat vote for the option or the preservation of 200 yrs history??
vote against the "nuclear option". A vote for it will destroy the Senate.
Vote yes...
Voting for the nuclear option will alienate me to never vote Republican again. Our democracy is worth more than Neil Gorsuch!
The GOP wld have done ANYTHING 2 put A REP. on the SC
They did NOTwant Citizens UnitedOverturned! 
Those wealthy donors keep them in power!
Trump administration investigation by FBI doesn't give him the right to nominate Gorsuch!!!!!
Why not talk to WHYY? Or, heck, your constituents?
Gorsuch deserves the same respect that the Repubs gave to Merrick Garland. Trump should appointing NO ONE until he's cleared of #russiagate
I seriously want u to vote NO to appointing Gorsuch but I know u will because u have no backbone but it won't be forgotten in nxt election
A fresh pack of lies?
Do not vote to confirm the plagiarist fly fisherman
We want a town hall in Philadelphia area. Stop being a coward.
20 different people reply here Pat...

 Amazing how they all have exact same post history.

Dear trolls, you are not very smart.

POLL: Should your Senators vote FOR or AGAINST Judge Neil #Gorsuch to be on the Supreme Court? #SCOTUS
Do NOT undermine our current system by confirming Gorsuch using the "nuclear solution!"  Take a hint -  we don't want him!
All this radio could be town hall time proof you dnt care about  working class people only corporate America we the people deserve better
I still find it amazing that everyone posting replies here has the exact same post history.

Dear trolls, your post history is here to stay
Why don't you face us in person? Why do you hide behind radio? Afraid of being esposed? Gorsuch is a plagarist law breaker. Wrong for US
#NoOnGorsuch #ToomeyTheTool
Get the nuke ready!! Enough obstruction time for government to WORK!
Oh dear
PA sees right through this weak PR. We want a real #TownHall.
He is getting on shows. He is still right wing and working for corporate America. He is either a fool or sadly misguided. SAD
No vote on Gorsuch until the Russia issue is settled! Maybe try listening to your constituents for once instead of your party or checkbook!
Just tuned in and it's already over. Talk for 5 minutes only? "I love all things Trump. Thanks for having me!"
Opposed to changing the rules regarding votes for  confirmation. Supermajority  ensures consensus. Pls govern away from extremes.
If u don't have the guts to face ur constituents, then u're not man enough to cast a vote to go nuclear.  #NoGorsuch @TuesdaysToomey
Are you discussing your backing to sell constituents' browsing history for marketing $$? Or how we're 'burned out houses'? That'd be a start
Preserve the filibuster! 

Remember, the @GOP won't always be the majority party.
Why dont you try talking to your constituents?
How about we ask the questions and you answer. Without screening or cherry picking? 19090
boy it would be great to join you at a town hall ...but gee cowardice is such a strong emotion .........#TownHall
Oh, hey, you're still alive! Calling your office is like yelling into a black hole. Why do you vote party line in a purple state?
please mention how you and your republican colleagues refused to give Garland a vote last year
What will it take for you to vote for what is right, rather than blindly voting the party line?
that would take giving him lots of money
No to Gorsuch. Have a real town hall.
I have no idea how this clown got elected.
Sounds terrible
