Read the statements from your constituents asking for an open, free and fair town hall to discuss healthcare. I hear it's the American way.
He will never have a REAL Town Hall he is a Joke!
He's legitimately scared of his constituents. But he also thinks we're too stupid and shortsighted to remember this bullshit come 2022.
Does anyone have Santorums phone # to give him? Because he should check with him on PA's memory...
The same Santorum that says victims of rape should have to carry the baby to term because it is god's will?
I like to google his name every so often just to keep that frothy definition up on top........
Then FIX instead of repealing it!
HOW MANY times did you vote to repeal? Dozens!
TAKE THE HINT!
Replace Toomey!
PA needs to repeal you before you do more damage
@SenToomey Vote NO on motion to proceed today!  This bill is as much about jobs as it is healthcare.  Rural hospitals will be decimated!
@SenToomey, repealing the Affordable Care Act is dangerous. Millions will lose their insurance. #NoRepeal
This PA constituent (19144) demands that you do NOT vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act. I support #ACA & I vote. #SaveTheACA #NoRepeal
Leave my health care alone - As a PA resident I am happy with my coverage.  When can we vote you out ?????????
Wrong. It has helped so many people. Stop thinking of the 1%.
Because of your actions only, is #ACA failing in Pennsylvania.  Fix it. Don't kill it.
I intend to vote you out of office.
pretty sure history will look back on pathetic men like you and wonder how you could be so callous to the most vulnerable members of society
Please do not vote to proceed.   Gratuitously cruel to needy to benefit richest. Life/death for people personally known to me.
Pat 4 Prez
But ur own private care u hypocrite
I am a constituent enrolled in Obamacare. Vote NO today! Ps. Your voicemail is full.
I don't think you are representing your constituents, your votes more conservative, + you know your healthcare votes will hurt many from PA!
You want to take healthcare away from Pennsylvanias?  How did you get elected?  Enjoy lobbyist hell #onthetake #heartless
Shame on you. A no vote now will give you an opportunity to work with the Senate, all of them, to fix problems. Not make new ones.
Please vote NO on this shameful bill.  Your constituents look to you to do the right thing. #voteNO
I remain OPPOSED  to repealng and replacing the ACA.  Do the humanly decent thing and fix/rename what we already have.
Doctor and nurse organizations, hospitals, patient advocacy groups, even insurance companies have come out against you on this!
THINK!
.@SenToomey, when you're one of the Secret 13 behind #BCRA you will be owning #ToomeyCare, esp. PAians who lost healthcare on your watch
Pathetic, immoral, and you WILL be held accountable. 

And your "facts" have already been revealed as outright lies.
How about you not fucking over PA residents with pre-existing conditions like myself - thanks for the crippling anxiety though!
Either fix the issues with the ACA or replace with a plan that will cover people, not make the situation worse!!
Praying your vote does not take healthcare away from my children & mother, ACA covered. You just don't rip that off like a bandaid Sir.
I agree ACA needs adjustments. Repealing it without a plan is not responsible. Do better, work bipartisan, reach out to Dems,be government.
Your bill is anti-Christian, anti-pennsylvanian, and anti-american. History will judge you harshly.
Vote No! Why do you want to hurt your constituents? No on #ACA
Please rethink this! Vote against repeal.
Don't "vote" to get rid of Obamacare! Children, elders, and disabled really NEED health-care. So does cancer patients! "Life" matters!
Obamacare aka ACA, isn't failing; it's being sabotaged by trump's administration! Keep Obamacare, but make improvements, like singlepayer
Read our veterans statement on @SenToomey repeal with no replacement.
Repeal obamacare! I don't want to pay for other peoples health care! Health care should be private and health care workers are greedy
Support Medicare for all!  These Republican monstrosities are tax cuts for the rich disguised as healthcare reform.
nothing in the repeal,repeal/replace bills have anything that actually improve healthcare for Americans. Only hurts people.
Repeal is not the answer. Stop participating in the partisanship that is dividing our country. Improve the existing ACA and work with Dems.
Represent your constituents, NOT your donors!! Vote "NO" on this health no-care bill!!
That's kicking the can down the road. How about, instead, work to improve it steadily over 2 years? Then, no need to repeal! Truly lead!
So sad that you have done so much to ruin health care coverage for Pennsylvania. You said you would stand up to Trump. When will you start?
.@SenToomey, when you're one of the Secret 13 behind #BCRA you will be owning #ToomeyCare, esp. PAians who lost healthcare on your watch
Pretty sure history will look back and judge this Congress harshly for other reasons that are not "not repealing Obamacare." #medicare4all
What are your thoughts on adding a public insurance option, or changing to a Medicare for all or universal healthcare system?
Repeal without replacement is irresponsible. Put your constituents above your politics.
It's ur duty to try to fix ACA if u think it's broken Why let fail? Don't leave ur constituents uninsured and without any healthcare (18015)
What is even being voted on? Where is bill? What's in it? u just going 2 throw PA under the bus & for what? No really, for what????
Congress had 6-7 years to figure out a replacement and failed. Vote no.
Vote No tomorrow!
Senator Toomey - I sincerely urge you to reconsider your support for destroying the ACA, also known as Obamacare.
We all know that Obamacare is not a disaster. It is a bill which was a giant step in the right direction. No one thinks it is perfect,
but it can certainly be tweeted and improved. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water! ACA is being undermined by the administration.
Further action on health care reform is warranted but to eliminate ACA outright, is legislating "life unworthy of life."  Zip: 16803
Those in the Senate who are comfortable w/repeal of ACA as currently discussed are okay w/ irreconcilable & needless suffering.  Zip: 16803
It's the suffering that matters.  Many will also die -- some more quickly -- it is the needless suffering which is unforgivable.  Zip: 16803
Your intention w/respect to a repeal bill is horrifying, particularly since you've decided w/o review or public support.  My zip: 16803
I am horrified w/the failure of the Senate to recognize the needless, unmitigated suffering that will come by repealing ACA.  Zip: 16803
You had EIGHT YEARS to come up with an alternative and you came up with nothing. How is 2 more going to help? #VoteNoMTP
He's tried nothing and he's all out of ideas!
U can't agree on new health care with incentive 2 repeal but think u will on a blank slate? Yins in PA need 2 replace this guy @davonmagwood
Working on ot
Six days since an update?  What are you voting on?  No hearings?  Repubs trying to hurt people to make a pol point.
Trump is shutting down ACA call centers. He's trying to MAKE it fail, making it harder to get coverage on purpose. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/20/trump-administration-scraps-obamacare-signup-assistance-in-18-cities.html …
repeal
Obamacare is not failing! You are! President Trump is not not doing his job and neither are you!
It is not "Obamacare." It is named The Affordable Care Act.  Use your big boy words.
You might think about these folks Sir- when you vote to take away their healthcare-You have health care right Sir?
And now the GOP puts barriers up to people accessing ACA protection to score political points?
So a vote will be held with no time for the public to weigh in on your decision. You were chosen by the people to work for the people.coward
This is not about Obamacare. It's about people. If ACA doesn't work, doesn't mean pulling the rug out works either. Fix it. Do what's right.
Then why is AARP, AMA and even Republican senators against this plan?  And remind us again - how much $$ did you get from big pharma???
You are a shameful monster for repealing the ACA.  Thousands will die if the ACA is repealed.  Stop being a Koch Brother tool.
Sir, this bill is a disaster and will harm your constituents and the Country. VOTE NO and fix in a bipartisan manner.
Human beings from Pa. that you want to cut off of Medicaid   Why don't they matter to you?
Please work with the Democrats, Senator. Is too vital an issue for one party to do alone. Did not work last time. Please help.
Senator Toomey why have you stopped responding to emails. Work with the entire Senate to fix Obamacare
some Repubs see that Obamacare has helped millions get the care they need.Give everyone healthcare like the rest of the world.
why do you think Repubs can do in two years what they have been unable to do in 7 years?
We are disappointed in you & your lack of leadership & concern for our PA citizens. Hey @PAGOP If only we could impeach @SenToomey #Resist
My smart, beautiful daughter is autistic. This bill will cut Medicaid and her services. #protectourcare #savemedicaid
@SenToomey my son has autism & needs a lot of support. Kids like him need Medicaid to help pay for his services. Do not cut MA funding!
Instead of Republican sabotage of ACA, how about showing real leadership with a bipartisan effort on healthcare reform? @Medicare_ForAll
If you truly want a "consumer-driven" healthcare system--booting millions off of healthcare doesn't seem the way to do that. #Save32mil
This is a disheartening read. Lives will be affected. Show some empathy for those who will suffer from this decision.
@pendulumatrest History will definitely judge this Congress harshly.
Hey senator, you carefully outline the problems that need to be addressed in graf 1, but your solution makes no sense.
Why do a repeal bill with a delay at all? Why not try to address those problems you outlined WHILE crafting a replacement.
The naked partisanship of your positioning on this is a disgrace to the political legacy that you embrace as senator.
You refuse to meet with constituents who might have good ideas for you. Why? Why are you putting politics above our country as a whole?
Sir like usual you are lying  again
Your stance is an embarrassment, as are you.
DO NOT REPEAL Obamacare. It is working. Just make it better. Forget your partisan BS.
Hiding out/no town halls. Voting against constituents interests and wishes. "A coward is incapable of showing love"-Ghandi.
It would be nice if you would actually speak to your constituents about healthcare.  Or better yet, listen.
It's #shameful how you're willing to sell out your constituents for what @GOP considers a win. No one is winning with @realDonaldTrump in WH
Repel - O care - permit free market solutions, put Medicade in hands of state - limit expansion !   Like @ccm_medishare
Wake up and listen to your constituents.
What about the 1000's of Pennsylvanians who will lose healthcare? When will you represent THEM instead of sucking up to the GOP???
Over 10 million people with disabilities rely on #Medicaid for healthcare coverage. Please – #ProtectOurCare & #SaveMedicaid.
I have registered my disappointment in your position by phone and email often. PLEASE work with Dems to adjust ACA. I'm good w/ single payer
History is watching, and your PA constituents won't easily forget your backing of a garbage bill that isn't in their interest. And Devos.
Repeal-Only results in 32 million Americans losing their insurance and premiums more than doubling. You are Evil.
Scare tactics won't make Pennsylvanians have more faith in you or your desire to repeal Obamacare and not replace it for two years.
NEWS FLASH! Saying the ACA is failing doesn't make it so. Get a calculator.
I read your statement.  It's full of lies and obfuscation.  Please start working for the people and abandon your lobbyists!  WADR
You must get your information from Trump. Everyone I talk to says their insurance is less than they get at work.
Repubs could not do it in 8 years..what makes you think you can do it in 2. Single payer system is the ONLY way to go. Do your job.
why can Canada do it - not as rich as us - priority should be to "promote the general welfare" not cut taxes - drug costs ridiculous!
to take 20 -30 million out of the market to give a tax break to the rich is unsustainable - you get what you pay for- France/Britain do it !
As I have said before - the money is there- every employer ends up paying for their coverage even though every year there is a rate increase
Y don't I believe U. Is it bc u have an F Liberty Score. Maybe. #URNotATeaPartyMan #URADemocrat #NotFoolingUsNEmore
How about instead of trying to burn it down, you and congress try to fix it. the ACA was always intended to be improved on.
You failed Pennsylvanians by trying to pass a  tax cut for the 1%, paid for by gutting Medicaid.  Hold some town halls now.
You are proving once again that you choose party over people. Tell us why you won't work w Dems to fix the ACA.
Keep working and don't recess until the bill is passed.
I hate you so much.
Attend a town hall
Earn your money, act like a statesman and get to work on a plan that improves coverage for more Americans.  It's what we all want.
U r full of it! OUR FAMILY'S premiums have been LOWER evr since ACA went into effect!  It made r premiums much LESS than r mortgage! U lie!
I am disappointed in you! History will look back and harshly judge you!
2yrs? You had that+ to work on bipartisan solution.  Stop trying to "win". No face to save.  Be above the political fray.  Please.
Too many people will lose their insurance with your plan. Don't vote for it please
A full repeal and no replacement is not an answer. Your constituents need care not chaos.
Whi h you have done nothing to help. But you got paid and have your benefits. You should be fired. Aetna dropped out because of Tdump.
Mr. Senator, as a Pennsylvanian & one of ur supporters I'm with u & glad you've been taking a stand. Keep fighting! #impeachmconnel
Why do you continue to lie to us. CBO score is out and it's not good. Do the right thing. You must not feel empathy and that's a darn shame
W/ Trumpcare, PA premiums rise 20-36 percent; if ACA stays, only 9 percent. Failure? I do not think that word means what you think it means.
So you couldn't come up with a decent plan in the 7 years you already had, but 2 more will do it?  Color me skeptical.
Your party can't even repeal a law you didn't like because you put your interest above the interests of the people.
When you finally stop being an ideologue, you might think about working with Democrats to improve current law.
Obama care is not failing.
That is one of the more pathetic, canned and bland statements I've read lately. It took you three whole paragraphs to say nothing.
So, AARP, the AMA, even some insurance companies are wrong? People are NOT DOLLAR SIGNS.  Shame on you.
I see the need for repeal, but if they couldn't do it in 7 yrs, what makes you think they'll get it done in 2.
Stop ignoring your constituents and blindly following the orange clown down the rabbit hole. Improve vs repeal. Lives are literally at stake

Please stop working against your constituents. Work together in a bipartisan fashion and fix ACA for your people in PA! It's that simple Pat
get back on the fence and look at the big picture your working for the people not just the Republicans. it is a health plan not a party plan
forget the name Obamacare, just try and think of it as health care for the people. It's not a contest to say it a R or D party plan..

Health care protest outside Toomey's office. Chants of "Shame, shame" and "Don't kill me, stop the repeal." 
https://mobile.twitter.com/mj_lee 
No history will look back on how you failed to support your constituents.  Go on recess and have a town hall to find out the truth - fix ACA
Obamacare/ ACA, isn't failing, but GOP is sabotaging it! Let citizens have the same healthcare plans that you and Congress have or singlepay
I dont know who is more invisable you or casey!!!
#NoRepeal #fixit #SaveMedicaid #noharmtoAmericans
You had 7 years. 7 years. Now you say you need 2 more. What's the mantra, fool me 7 times, shame on me? Asking for 2 more, SHAME ON YOU!
Vote to repeal?   That makes sense to you?  How did you contact us in to electing you?    Fix what's broken, you really need to redign.
Cant wait until the next election cycle is here! PA will remember this #disgrace
Thank you 
Shelley Moore Capito
Susan Collins
Lisa Murkowski

You show more courage thanToomey the money grubbing coward #ManUpToomey
BUILD A STRONG REPLACEMENT THAT MAKES SENSE. Then Repeal. What don't you get? Fix the parts that ARE broke. No need for extremism.
The people have said a resounding NO to Trumpcare. Why aren't you listening?? Repeat after me, please: People over party; people over power.
@PAGOP if you cared one bit you would consider EVERYONE! ACA does not work for those of us who work for ourselves
I don't think it's failing as much as the shitty healthcare/tax cut bill you wrote... 15025
History will judge you harshly. You got that right. Now put people on the panel other that 50+yo white men and you might have more success.
I'm pretty sure the People have spoken.
You are the worst.
You sir have not done enough on healthcare. You are part of the problem by not doing anything or being vocal at all!!
Medicare for all. Try that idea.
You are once again lying. You were elected to represent ALL of Pa. Protect us and stop trying to kill us. No one should ever vote for you.
History is sooner than you think.  Re-election in five years you'll have to spin a new narrative.
Toomey represents the oligarchs who finance his election. He doesn't care about his constituents, a majority of which he fooled in November
so disappointed in the folks that rep my state. y'all keep saying how Ocare will fail but 7 yrs later it's STILL HERE! #HealthCareForAll
No Senator, history is going to look back at this and say why was this senator trying to take health insurance from his own constituents.
Vote to repeal I voted for you stand up for your president
I am disappointed with the failure of my senator. History will look back and harshly judge him for not supporting healthcare for ALL.
Health care is not a market. Would appreciate an opportunity to discuss this with you.
#BRCA is the failure, not #ACA. Vote NO on #RepealAndDelay. We have right to affordable healthcare. PA will hold you accountable
Sell out
You are out of touch with your constituents. Catholic without mercy. Immoral and unjust actions against your people.
#repealToomey #FixACA
Why did you & the jackass GOP FAIL on healthcare? Because you're not motivated to do what's right for American citizens. Resign. #Healthcare
Pat, please, work on negotiating drug, testing, and medical prices and improving the ACA. That is what the people want and need.
If Ocare is failing, it's bc gov't isn't supporting it. Enforce mandate, advertise to the healthy, quit criticism f pols. Support/fix Ocare!
Disgraceful performance. All you've done is spout lies and threaten lives. Shameful, although shame appears to have no meaning to you.
