Disgusting!
How cynical to write a tax cut bill for fat cats and call it a "health care" bill!
I cant believe you are honestly proud of this.... you should be ashamed
You spelled "Tax cut for the wealthy bill" wrong.  #AnyoneButToomey2022 #ILiveIn15108
We have to wait until 2022? 
Yup.
Problem was @TheDemocrats ran a poor candidate vs Toomey instead of a politician 4 the people. on+ side he barely won so. There's hope.
If Fetterman had been more well known, and gotten the Democratic candidacy, I think he would have beat Toomey.
I'm with you. He is whom i voted for too and got relatives to vote for him as well.
Pulling big time for @IronStache in Wisconsin too.
I can't believe you helped write this and I helped elect you. pass a law that voters with buyers remorse can re-vote within a year..
This is ObamaCare Lite, it's still going to fail but Republicans will own it. As someone who voted 4 u but not Trump..do NOT vote for this!
Shameful!
It is a list, vote NO.
Convenient that you're not answering any of your phones today. This bill is a death sentence and you will be blamed. #shameontoomey
#VoteNo #VoteNoAHCA #ShameOnToomey
Your view it here only provides a summary. Where is the WHOLE bill?
It's awful. Go back with those old, white men and then invite some real people who have to live with this insurance. Make it better.
Why is it called a discussion draft if there will be no hearings to discuss it?
Congratulations on the huge tax cut to the top 20% and the screwing of the most at risk in our country, including rural seniors.
As your constituent (Spring City, 19475) I urge you to vote NO on this devastating excuse for healthcare.
This is Obama Care republican style. Do what you have promised. Full Repeal!!!
The bill will kill millions.  It benefits the rich. We are stuck with you for now but come next election Pa will remember this and vote No
Public hearings!
Just a bad bill that hurts many PA residents!
Disgraceful!
@SenToomey a "yes" on this bill puts millions of disabled and the most vulnerable out onto the street.
I was at a small mtg with U in New Holland PA, U told a lady the ACA replacement would help her. Does this bill keep yur promise?
Are you going to have a Town Hall to discuss it?
This is embarrassing. Pennsylvanians depended on you to standup for them. 

#Healthcare4All
Have YOU read it? And do you UNDERSTAND the repercussions of this bill??????
How can you support this bill. Please vote no!!!!
How much did you #SenToomey contribute to this #BetterCare, since you are a member of the Finance Comm and CHAIR of the healthcare subComm?
The freedom to die sick and impoverished is not really the freedom we're looking to congress to protect
You've heard this before, but the part of the ACA people don't like is the value for money. Raising subsidies is an easy place to start.
Before any changes to the ACA can even be contemplated, fund risk payments & enforce the mandate. Rs threw a wrench in and said it's broken.
This bill is terrible for America!! Please do everything you can to make sure this doesn't pass. Reaching out to you from 19075!
This bill, apart from actually killing people and immiserating many more, will harm the economy. Please vote no.
You've got some nerve calling it "bettercare."
Aren't you embarrassed to say you helped write this disaster ? How does this help PA families ?
Shame. Shame. Shame.
Well...this probably wasn't the discussion you were looking for
There is a special place in hell reserved for you ! @TuesdaysToomey @SenLeachCS @SenBobCasey @SenateDems @funder @maddow
This bill is a career ender for you, and a life ender for thousands of your constituents.
Well done protecting those you care most about, rich donors.  Poor, addicted, elderly, underinsured didn't fork over enough to you I guess?
So when are the hearings?
vote NO To the senate healthcare bill!!  I see the benefits of the Medicaid system for disabled, and terminally ill !!
any chance that youll empty your vm so that your constituents can tell you how terrible this bill is?oh right you dont care what we want.
Please vote NO! This legislation will reduce access to care for millions.
And your constituents want to know your intentions.
You have NO idea how much I hate you. #realPA
Are you going to have a townhall or even let your staff answer the phones?  I'd like to ask you, my Senator, to vote no.  My mom has cancer
You represent me. I don't want you to vote for it because it will hurt people, mostly poor people
Read it - hurts too many folks especially in PA.  Vote no on this piece of poorly designed bill
This is deadly to Pennsylvanians. Wake up Toomey, listen to your constituents.  This is nothing but a massive transfer of wealth to the rich
As one of your constituents I urge you to oppose this bill! No one benefits but the rich!
Is this a joke. Where is the rest of it. Still no how or impact.
Thank you Senator Toomey. I appreciate your hard work!  #MAGA
He's making America GRATE.
Come talk to the diabetics who will die or go bankrupt because #AHCAkills
Discussion draft is such a bold faced deception after secrecy and rush. #AHCAKills
AHCA - Wealthcare, not healthcare. Sad! @SenToomey @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump
Town hall?  Toomey has a pre-existing condition: he's a bit of a c*w**d.
This bill is digusting; go face your constituents
I can't believe anyone would support this crap.
You hate women and planned parenthood so much you'll vote for this POS legislation. Repeal taxes for rich, screw middle class.
This once again will allow the rich tax cut and discontinue medical coverage for those that need it VOTE NO
I hope you don't support this bill.  Reducing coverage to give tax breaks is cruel.
Where can I go to understand more or ask questions about certain parts? Should I call your local office? From 15122
67% of your fellow PA residents are against this bill. You need to fix ACA or draft something that works for PA.
As a dad, think about not being able to get doctor or medicine for your child. 
Then think of U.S Senator that voted himself a big tax break
Guess if I got as much money as for my campaign I'd think this was a good bill
I am a small business owner from 18103 and this bill will hurt me and my family. Vote no.
You should be ashamed of this bill & the entire process that surrounds it. A patriot who cared for our citizens would vote NO.
Have done so.  As an insurance professional, you are on the wrong track.  What a mess.  For God's sake, fix what's in place!
I hope u & @SenBobCasey vote against it since it's almost as bad as @HouseGOP bill by @SpeakerRyan. I'm about to dump my @GOP @ChesCoGOP
PLease dont take away out healthcare Senator
Go back to the drawing board. This proposed bill is complete garbage. Now I understand why it was kept secretive for so long. Vote NO!
Please don't do this to us. 19067
Keep riding high on the Teump stupidity wave. But know that nothing lasts forever. Ignorance is only a trend.
This will gut Medicaid. "About 65 percent of
nursing home residents are supported primarily
by Medicaid"(AARP '06). What'll happen to them?
When you think of the needless deaths your bill will cause, do you feel powerful? #timidpattoomey
How can you be for small government for pull subsidies for plans that even offer women the right to choose? This is a hobble plan!!
How generous of you.
This is a disgrace!! You should be ashamed. You have the best hc in the world (you're welcome) & you're taking it from millions. Heartless.
It sucks. You suck.
Vote no on this unethical healthcare bill that will kill poor people to make the rich richer don't devastate the healthcare industry
The Democrats giveth.  The Republicans taketh away...

What you do to the least of these you do onto me....   Sound familiar?
It's also not a "discussion draft" if you keep it a secret for so long and barely give it any real debate
vote No on this crap bill
Vote no I just found out I will lose my nursing job and people will die so the rich can have tax cuts vote no
Vote no the hospital I work for will close like thousands others lots of nurses like me will lose their jobs one fifth of the economy dies
This bill is a cash cow for the fat cats, and a poison pill for the working poor
all these ppl begging u not to vote for #trumpcare but jokes on them because u WROTE it! 

Pat is the architect! He's to blame!

#byePat
> Americans r covered now than ever b4. Cheap insurance offers no care. Medicaid IS stronger.  Insurance has gone up less w O care. #truth
This bill is as heartless as we thought it would be.  What decent person gives tax breaks to the rich at the expense of the most vulnerable?
VOTE NO
Please reconsider this. It seems that the goal is to simply erase Obama's legacy...you don't have to kill people to do that.
Hi @SenToomey, constituent here.Projected 777,000 Pennsylvanians to lose health care.Will do everything possible to oust you in 2022.
Tried calling your office in Phila. and D.C. but no one responded for some reason...
From 15217 vote no
Tossing the bullshit flag!!! #Wealthcarebill
If you vote for this, I will make it my goal to see you unseated before this bill literally causes my death. You serve We the People.
This is the bill?  Are you kidding us or killing us?  This bill is horrible - time to listen to your constituents, Pat!  THIS IS BAD!
What a joke. Selling out the middle class, seniors for tax cuts for the wealthy. #UniversalHealthCareNOW
you may be a senator "from" PA , but you sure as hell aren't "for" PA. Healthcare not #Wealthcare
Does it cover Russianitis, Liarmonia, Smalldickism, and Dishonestitis?
Vote NO! Mental health benefits are not optional.
Please vote "no" - it not only affects self-employed who PAY for ACA, but groups now can have annual/lifetime caps - it's draconian.
Based on replies here, Take a vote on people for and against and vote accordingly.  Show us your on the side of good and not evil.
Ok, let's discuss. How do you think this bill helps Pennsylvanians? AHCA is an atrocity.
Of course you'll vote yes on it #disgracefulsenator
This is disgraceful. Why can I not reach anyone in the office? Is everyone vacationing until voting day? From 17111, please be fair.
In lieu of town halls, perhaps you could at least weigh in on the very nice analysis your colleague @SenBobCasey is doing on the BCRA bill?
When you say "better care" do you mean because no one can afford healthcare but the wealthy? It will make lines less long!
But really, you offer exemptions on the basic health coverage. Why? These minor steps in health care regulation have done so much good.
Paid for by the Koch brothers. God, I wish only horrible things in life happen to you and only you!
Do right by Pennsylvanians & all Americans. This bill is a travesty & people will die! This makes USA a 3rd  country in regards to health
How do you look at your family?  You make me sick!!!
I read what í could (tons of confusing legalese) seems straightforward enuff...screw the 98% reward the 2%. HOW CAN U BE PROUD OF THIS CRAP?
Unacceptable! Cuts to Medicaid and drug and alcohol treatment in the midst of an opiod crisis? We want YOUR health care plan extended to all
But are you going to vote NO for your people Senator Toomey?  We can vote you out of office when the time comes, nothing is forever!!
#voteno
My son has 2 medical conditions, neither of them his fault! They would be previous conditions. Why punish him again?
When will you be coming to Pittsburgh to hold a town hall with your constituents? @billpeduto @SenBobCasey
As an Independent and voter of the great state of PA,throw this piece of trash in the garbage. No more tax cuts for the wealthy. #wealthcare
Take from the poor to give to the rich. You are the wettest, fullest, bag of sleaze. I'm disgusted to have you represent me and my family.
It's as awful as expected. Vote against this, if you have any soul.
Will you be speaking about it at our 24hr vigil, starting at 3pm today? https://m.facebook.com/events/1875384562710341 …
Please do your job and represent your constituents by NOT voting yes for the secret health care plan!
You had SEVEN YEARS to prepare an alternative and THIS hateful, damaging, backwards bill is what you came up with?
Shame on you and all R's
New bill is simply a huge tax break for the wealthiest while totally fleecing of older Americans. Your choice: vote NAY or get voted out.
Oppose this horrible #HealthcareBill cutting medicaid is NOT right!!!!
it's terrible and you should feel terrible
The public’s heathcare business shouldn’t be conducted in private, you work for me & all living in PA
Uninsurd ppl go to hospitl=higher hospitl bills for everybody else:YOU, me,evrbdy with EMPLYR INS,MEDICARE,MEDICAID. Stupid.
Hi Mary Jo. I stayed at your house when Pope visited. Hope all is well
How do you justify the cuts to Medicaid?
Where is your decency and compassion, Sir? LONG LIVE OBAMACARE! OBAMA! OBAMA! OBAMA!
I see why you kept it hidden. Say no to #Trumpcare.
This is, seriously, the most heartless, cruel documents I have ever seen.  Please tell us what is good about it in your view.
The #HealthcareBill raises deductibles, cuts coverage, and slashes Medicaid. I'm a Republican and I ask you to please vote NO. Thank you!
#AmericanHealthCatastropheAct in wolves clothing. It is an atrocity to be committed on the American people. Vote no!!!

Republicans criticized the ACA process back in 2009. Let's compare, shall we? 
The first five bullet points are obvious lies. You can't possibly think that anyone is fooled by this. Have you no sense of decency? #15317
Why bother? You're bought and paid for by Trump.  You won't oppose it, even though your constituents don't want to lose their healthcare.
Your action will cause the premature death and financial ruin of countless citizens! Shame!!!
Problem, you say:ppl pay too much for healthcare.Solution, you say:take away ther Medicaid, blow up Individ Marketplace.0 ins=$0 prem.Nice
This bill is terrible for your constituents and you should oppose it.
You've had no proper vetting. You've had no input from Healthcare industry, doctors, nurses. This is an act of cruelty. #wealthcare #PAshame
Host a town hall
taking bets that you DO NOT have any town halls to face all the older people you want to condemned to pain suffering and death. PA sees u
Not just MEAN. it's STUPID. Makes no attempt to attack inflation in hospitals & Pharma. Drives ins cos out of individual marketplaces.
