INVESTIGATE THE LIAR IN THE WHITE HOUSE!
.@SenToomey Pretty crazy they're both "dead end" public school students, right? What does your friend Betsy think?
Billionaire Education Secretary Betsy DeVos never once went to public school, but called public schools a "dead end" https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/us/politics/betsy-devos-education-secretary-confirmed.html …
Betsy will abolish science classes, for science is the devil's playground, dontcha know
Invite them to your next town hall(hopefully B4 extinction level event) & we can discuss the science of climate.
photo of two young scientists and one old science denier.
are you kidding me?  If you are going to use our kids for media props you need to meet with us in person
I'll bet they know real science on climate change.
Did you ask them to explain climate change to you?
of course not and he took a punt on evolution too.
like looking for Waldo.
you are against science have a town hall!
The country MUST retain sect 702! Now more than ever we need to keep our democracy safe. This is vital.
hope they have a nice college fund saved up, because I know Matt can't afford college without the Pell Grant.
Are these kids going to be able to get student grants with NIH being slashed?
You say young scientists' future r bright. Not with @realDonaldTrump budget. It is bad for US and scientists.
. When is your next town hall?
Tell us how you stand on the issues e.g.   Budget, health career etc. enough with the photo oops!
stop sucking your thumb... get out from under your desk and hold a town hall meeting.
Hope you care about science when the NIH budget comes to the floor. It shows our priorities. More nukes?
Wonderful! Hope these rising scientists will find great jobs abroad, where science is still, you know, a thing.
well said. What you meant to say was where it is considered factual. Lol.
You don't believe in science, the environment or medicine so those poor kids.
I hope you and Donald tRump, won't cut funding for their schools and take away their health insurance coverage.
so you care about science when there is a photo op? #gloomytoomey #politicianforsale
Your constituents demand a Town Hall. What are you afraid of?
Don't forget to tell them that massive cuts to scientific research funding equals no future jobs as scientists.
the man doesn't believe in climate change ...please come teach him some science
So we have to win a contest in order to meet with you?
Oh @SenToomey. Really? You are going to defund the CDC, NIH, EPA etc. Is that weird expression on your face shame?

@Society4Science
... just poop his pants when he found out they learn things at schools.
She's thinking "I'll bet he's a flat earther"
HOLD A TOWN HALL WITH YOIR CONSTITUENTS! COWARD!
Very happy to see our US Senator supporting science ed&achievement for kids. But will you continue to FUND IT?
Sen. please stop #H1B abuse.Tuition goes up, #STEM jobs go overseas.Do it for students parents and workers.
now take time to meet with your constituents in a town hall
Congrats Aaron, Collegeville is proud of you. Senator Toomey, we are ashamed and embarrassed by you.
Did you really meet with them?  In person?  Live?
your voting record shows you don't care about the environment , science , or americas middle class. This is fake
Hey Pat about those town halls!!!!
Congrats winners. But hard to watch when Toomey voted for the evisceration of EPA & all progress on climate chg
Hey, you both really do exist AND you will talk to a constituent.  NOW SHOW UP FOR THE REST OF US.
seriously, gut meals on wheels?  Feeding seniors and vets?
gonna give guns to mentally disturbed vets ?
This is fake News
first decent thing we've seen you do in a year or more, Mr Toomey!!
Nice for them, but it's time to man up & face constituents on urgent matters.  If you can't: time to step down.
Since you seem to believe in science, I hope your stand will extend to climate change and choose that over money.
Enough with the photo ops, Toomey. Pennsylvanians want you to explain your Koch connections and Pro-Trump crap
just in time for Repubs to slash the NIH. Did u mention that? #hypocrisy
Why are you ignoring science by pretending that climate change is not a significant concern? #sciencematters 15126
Too bad the Trump budget that you support is eliminating scientific research funds. @IndivisibLburg
they look foreign. DEPORT THEM!!
Whaaaaatttt? You hate science. And education. And immigrants. Are you in this pic by accident?
How long do we have to put up with this circus in the WH b4 we hear YOUR VOICE?  #promises
Please oppose the new healthcare bill.  And budget proposals.  You promised during the campaign to be a check on Trump #promised
they go to public school- amazing!
stop avoiding the big issues! What's your stance on ACHA? Budget? Town halls?
Wait, Senator... Do you... believe in science now?????
Your twitter feed highlights just how much you avoid the weighty challenging issues before us. #TimidPatToomey
I'm glad you are recognizing the importance of science in our world. Please carry that over into your real job.
Congrats to both of them for not asking why you support a "pussy" grabbing @POTUS and sold out to #russia
Screw both these kids and I hope they suffer from having you ruin their moment. You're a traitor to your state.
Is this a photo of Toomey explaining how much science research he is cutting w/his support of the Trump budget?
Congrats, Natalia and Aaron! Now, Toomey, what does @Society4Science say about climate change?
Do your job!
Did you happen to notice that Trump and co is burning government down along with our standing in the world
Meanwhile your party is slashing science funding. How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
It's too bad that the @GOP is cutting Federal funding to the Arts and Sciences.
they look like they both hate you.
They know Toomey voted for DeVos & Pruitt. They know he hates science.
I hope Donald Trump doesn't try to deport them or their parents.
Not assuming they are recent immigrants, but it put  me in mind of this:
Study: 83% of America's top high school science students are the children of immigrants http://on.forbes.com/60138kodV  
