.@SenateGOP has already failed the American ppl.
I believe in redemption. If they get tax cuts that's a start. Libs want more taxes,more spending. Schumer worrying about deficit is a joke!
I’ve seen more than enough from some of them. And those need to go.
Yup the folks paying u off will not be pleased. What ever happened to fretting on deficit? Oops that was ‘cause it was Obama. #NO_HONOR

Lol...you said that about healthcare too!
Sen. Toomey voted YES to giving the oil and gas corps. access to DRILL in the ARCTIC NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE in Alaska . Retweet pls
Sorry at this point you have no credibility!!
@SenToomey : actually it is an option. You might not want it as an option, but it is one. 
How abt you meet w some constituents & learn more
You are a FRAUD. You Refuse to meet us, your constituents. Yours is #1 worst voting record on environment and HEALTHCARE.Liar
Sen. Toomey.,we as your constituents want everyone to know: you refuse to do your job. You refuse to meet with us. You are a FRAUD
Unless your a democrat.
Please don't sell us out. Think about your immortal soul.
Failure on the republican tax reform IS A VERY real option.
Correction, Toomey: GOP tax reform is NOT an option!!!
They are all a bunch of liars so they can secure their next election challenge.
But as likely as ACA repeal
Hey, @SenToomey how about a real town hall meeting, where you can explain why we should believe anything you say? You've been MIA for years.
my senator....and I could not agree with more....just got another one of his update letters, but no response to my emailed concerns
One of his BS form letters like this? That's all Pat Toomey has to offer. He has protesters locked up, just to get them from his office.
Maybe he should try and fix the ACA.
YOUR FAILURE to back PRESIDENT TRUMP will get your UNELECTED, mark my words...
“Hello...” - sen McCain
Failure for whom?Not millionaires, you are not fiscally responsable. Like Bush Bush Jr & Reagan who left us in debt

No tax reform until we see dotard trump's tax returns. Period!!!
It wasn't for healthcare either. 
It will fail like all your other bills because when people find out how you are screwing them there will be outrage!
The health care bill would not have failed if Trump had put all of Congress on Obummer Care and let them feel the pain of the rest of us!
With congress failure is always an option.
Then we need to see #TrumpsTaxes .
Sure Pat. Said the same on health care.
FAILURE will continue until you all can come up with something that will REALLY help the American people, not the Rich & Business
This could come back to haunt the GOP
Yeah yeah yeah…
