Who are you working for? Definitely not your constituents.  No replies to calls, emails or tweets? What about a real town hall?
Shameful what you voted to do to Senate rules
still waiting for your in person events. 5 years fly :)
You have nerve calling these a form of town hall. Where are your cojones??
I want to have an in person town hall Mtg as your employer stop avoiding me & being a coward
Ridiculous choice of time, practically no advance notice.  You continue to fail.  I have lost all hope that you will ever do what's right.
Is this the town hall you announced two hours before it started? Nice. Way to be available.
too cowardly to do a live town hall... because we are actually live people who'd like to address you in person.
.@SenToomey hold a real town hall you coward
Can't come in person, eh? I see why... you're afraid your constituents would come after you
Had to do it that way because you don't have the balls to stand up in person.
Are you going to cosponsor S. 792? #saveH2B
@All100Senators Wow! Hard to face your constituents when you blow up the Senate & want to take healthcare away...SAD!
Another example of caring about the Now! Has nothing to do with women. Your reward today will rip this country apart. #pretendtocare
How about an in person town hall?
Please hold public events in #Pennsylvania. It's the big rectangle state north of Washington.
Are you afraid to show your face in person? This is like breaking up with a text. What a chicken-shit thing to do.
Thanks for having it when everyone was on the way home from work. Would love an in-person town hall during the 2-week recess
Such a benefit! Least amount of participation possible. Censor the questions? Much? Nice push down the autocratic road. #pretendtocare
Coward.
It's not a town hall so quit calling that ........it's a hide behind a phone and only taking the softball question night.
I might have been there if there had been good prior notice about it. What are your afraid of to schedule controlled town halls in this way?
All three of your PA supporters probably enjoyed it. The rest of us are awaiting in person town halls in our cities!
This coward will never hold a town hall meeting where he has to be face to face with his constituents
first that is not a townhall. Second, the gutting of state department restricts the ability of the us to identify threats & build peace.
Voting for the nuclear option just alienated me to never vote Republican again. Our democracy is worth more than Neil Gorsuch! #2018
I was an R until this Fall when I switched to D. Had NO IDEA Rs had become so evil.
They've always been evil. It's just more evident than ever now
Your calendar allows for in person meetings with your constituents, it's not VACATION time.  Why are you afraid to hold town halls?
He's fundraising to fill his pockets
The Koch brothers own Toomey, I think his finances are pretty solid. But there is never enough money! #pretendtocare
After the fact TV town hall?  First time I even heard about it...afterwards.  Why not FACE your constituents in person?
Tooooooo Scared....... Toomey can pretend he has, wait for it, a MAN-date. #moneyfirst
Would have liked to have known in advance. Well, since you are concerned. No, to war in Syria. No to further Russia bashing, no to Obamacare
I called your Allentown Office today to ask for your town hall meeting schedule for this recess.  There is none!  You are too busy for us!
I heard nobody showed up
Tele town halls are bogus
You didn't inform us. Hold actual town halls and start representing us. (PA, 15010)
@SenToomey  you obviously don't know what it means to work for the people of PA. Maybe you should follow @SenBobCasey  to see how it's done.
Cowardly way out we would say!
really? Tele town hall? Borrow someone else's balls for a minute and do one in person.
I'm extremely disappointed Mr. Toomey 
Because you don't have the cajones or the backbone to talk to constituents face-to-face.  #PoliticalFool
Get real.  Ur absence in a face-to-face townhall is telling.  You are a coward and care only about you donors, like Betsy DeVos.
You do know at this point you could be replaced by a telephone, right?
Can you say PRIMARY!?
Did you notice the very few likes vs. the unhappy comments...translates into votes.
#privatecitizentoomey2018
I am a citizen of Pennsylvania who is not happy with either your vote yesterday or today. I will NOT be voting for you in the next election.
You literally phoned it in! If your policies are so unpopular you can't come out from behind your desk - change your policies #patphoneshome
To prove that it is not about the money, can you make your personal and professional browsing histories public? You were paid $140K, right?
Your family was there I guess?  You are a dishonest dishonorable excuse of a public servant.
I would have asked: How many in-person meetings have you had with donors such as the Koch brothers?
Won't return calls, reply to tweets, or serve constituents... I'm sensing a theme. No one will miss you after the next election.
The fact that questions and question-askers could be cherry picked meant this wasn't a real town hall. Come to PA and meet w/ constituents!
ADVANCE NOTICE PLEASE - like a week! Contrary to what you and your REPUBs think, we Democrats DO have jobs!!!
Tele..... Hahaha. You don't have the nerve to show up in person . Come into the real world and see what we think of you.  Wimp
You're a namby pamby trump fool who should never have been elected
Pat the Chickenshit won't face the voter ! Recall this man!
Too cowardly to do a face-to-face town hall. Is that because you are a rubber stamp for the GOP leadership? PA needs you to be your own man.
Telephone Town Halls are just another way for YOU to control the conversation. They are BOGUS excuses for a town hall and you know it.
Coward
How about a REAL town hall in Western PA so many citizens can ask the hard questions?
Great way for you, not for us.
online townhall... balls of steel! Way to man up & face constituents. Bet u do a lot online. We'll soon know when we buy ur data from ISPs.
"It's a really great way for me to keep in touch with my constituents." No. It's a carefully contrived appearance of engagement. #townhall
I'd like to see the transcript! I submitted 6 or 7 questions and would love to know if he answered any of them
Thank you for holding a tele-conference at 5pm on a weeknight. I couldn't attend-BECAUSE IT WAS 5pm ON A WEEKNIGHT.
Recall Pat Toomey!
You are NOT doing your job. Meet us face to face.
Senator, why not have face to face town halls? Pittsburgh would love to see you at an in person town hall.
Not a town hall
Fight Trump.  He is a monster.  I live here, and I am afraid of this country.
you should hide that fat check from Google on your desk
Way to continue hiding from PA residents. Don't worry. We remember and we vote. Ask former senator Rick Santorum.
But not an actual live townhall.
Now that u had the AUDIO with sooo many of your constituents u taking the next 2 weeks of your break off? No in person town halls in PA?
This was an AUDIO, not a TOWN HALL meeting with real people. So don't count tonite as "the many # of people you met with". Town Hall now 
Tele town halls are OK if you give folks notice!
No they are not. It's a way for him to control the discussion completely.
Tele town hall?????   What happened to face to face...
So you tweet that you had it, but not that you are going to and how to join? Typical Toomey cowardice.
You so silly.
you seem very confident in your decisions as Senator. Why are you so afraid to defend them in real life in front of your constituents?
"I did my best to answer ur pre-screened questions with my canned, party approved responses." "I will continue 2 not meet face 2 face with/1
my employers bcuz the last thing I want r potential follow up questions or comments." "To conflicting statements like (We had to wait a /2
yr for election to vote on Garland, right thing to do. While telling other caller who asked why vote on Gorsuch can't wait until the FBI /3
completes investigation of president & staff. And of course saying that we can't continue to wait with the status quo.")  #UrSeatAintSafe /4
What the hell is a "tele" townhall, you have a snow day over there? You ain't slick with your two hour's notice buddy
how about a REAL town hall? 15132
Show up in a real town in Pa for a town hall meeting. Not hiding behind your desk. #lastterm #impeachtrump #russiagate
Is there a recording for those who may have 1/ missed your crazy short warning 2/ been commuting home at 5pm rush hour?
Thanks for your part in gutting the Senate....2018 is coming, and you may be a lonely man.
His term is up in 2022, unfortunately, because senators have 6-year terms. Keep fighting and demanding accountability, brother!
This was not a town hall. It was a phone call. You owe the people you work for a town hall.
We won't let this go until you show your face in PA!  Get it over with. It won't hurt. Much.
Ooooh did you answer some pre-screened questions?? What a great senator you are..reallly there for the people you work FOR
Why don't you want me to have access to health insurance?
A better way to stay in touch with your constituents would be a townhall.
PA is not a always red state and you're acting like it is.  Put the commonwealth ahead of party. You're on the wrong side of history.
Hold a real one. Don't hide behind the phone.
FU
I want an in person town hall with the person who works for me. Psst...that's you. #realPA #toomeytownhall
Dreaming, Chicken Little will never
why? It was just your family and a few fellow trump followers.
Face your constituents in person, face to face!!! #realPA wants to see you in Philadelphia town hall!!!
Tele town? You really are afraid to have a In-person town. Well you are off next week perfect time to actually be in the same rm as people

You blocked all calls
another great way to stay in touch would be to show up in person.  Give it a try Senator Scaredy Cat
#NoNuclearOption

Why are you not holding public town hall meetings?
Because huge doesn't have the guts to face the ire he's conjured up.
Yellow.
The voters have good memories. I hope you have a back-up plan after this term because you'll never get elected again.
He has 6 more yrs
I know. But I'm not going anywhere.
Yeah but we have to think of a way to get him out before that!
I wish! Toomey is counting on the people to have short memories. Not going to happen. Everything has changed.
Vote for gorsche
Who??
Right?  Hahaha. What a goober. He does not even know the spelling. Ha ha ha ha. Bet he doesn't know any of Gorsuch's rulings.
If Republican plans r so great for America, why do you have such a hard time convincing us? Maybe they suck? Maybe ur a bad communicator?
Please schedule a bunch of Townhalls during the break. People need advanced notice. Also, make the audio available via link. Thanks.

Genuine outreach to your constituents would not be done on such short notice and such controlled conditions. We see you. #TimidPatToomey
Can we @ least get the audio since we didn't get much of a heads up? I'm sure u dodged the questions like u dodge ur constituents
Although I'm on your e mailing list, I was not informed.  To whom do I make my check out to and for how much, to be advised in the future?
Hmm, I didn't get that email either. I suggest you use that $ to support PA public schools, buy his browsing history or support @SenateDems
No it's not. Say it to my face.
The 5:00 EDT start time and 2 hours notice on the details was less than helpful. In person town hall with 2 weeks notice, please!
You got 2 hours notice? I found a voicemail 5 minutes before it was supposed to start.
That's only because I checked his Facebook page...
http://Coward.You  cannot face your constituency who were conned by you.
Sounds like you got a lot of support, here. Enjoy your time while it lasts, because the people of PA have had enough of your lies
Thanks for making this video horizontal instead of vertical. That's literally the only good you've done in the world today.
Such a show of care and concern for your constituents to meet with them via teleconference. How did get we get to be so lucky?
Stop acting like a coward and meet with the constituents! Man up
Of course don't meet in person #coward
Coward hold a real town hall. #resist. #TheResistance
@SenToomey didn't even know you were doing this. How about having a real town hall & announcing it in advance. Don't be a #Chicken
Coward.
what a joke. Cant wait to hand you your walking papers. PA will remember you failed us.
I was informed that it was a wasted hour. Maybe next time you will show up on time, rather than 10 minutes late. Where are you anyway?
Thanks for your painfully vague answer about the potential impact of Russian collusion on legitimacy of trumps enacted policies as president
We want a town hall meeting face to face inScranton.
Alert me next town hall (from Bucks County)! Thanks!
How about all of those you ignored? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Complicit
@indivisibleccpa You are a coward not to meet with us in person. We deserve so much better than you, you are an embarrassment to our state!
Have a good night Senator Tool... oops I mean Toomey.
Would love to attend a teletownhall....Out me on the list
You forgot to answer my question: why are you such a tool? #ToomeyTheTool
Are you kidding me???
