Great job on what is a no-brained.  Do something that benefits the majority of constituents; stand up to #45
And the ability to refuse to show the public thd video? Do the right thing and strike them down.
You should re-introduce yourself to your constituents at a town hall.
One of Toomey's people who answered the phones told me Toomey's Town Hall would be in August. Location not yet determined.
August?  Probably in the basement of a fire hall in the suburbs outside Dubois.
Very noble. Now please call for a special prosecutor and denounce Trumpcare.
Thank You
Are these bills like your half-hearted support for reasonable gun regulations you introduced after the Sandy Hook massacre? Or for show?
@SenToomey how about that town hall? Special prosecutor? Health care? When can we talk to you about these things? Or are you #complicit?
Try supporting PA women and children on the Senate healthcare efforts. Pregnancy/contraception should be required covered--just like Viagra.
Just wanted to stop by and thank you again for voting to let ISP's sell my browsing data. When do I get my part of the Comcast kickback?
Stop trumpcare. Call for independent investigator. Hold a town hall. Nothing else you say matters at all.
#opposeAHCA #TrumpCare #RyanCare
does supporting safety officers include ensuring their access to health care? How about their families?
We demand a special prosecutor! We can not trust Congressional Republicans to diligently investigate Russian interference.
not even in the top 10 most dangerous jobs. stop licking cop boots, coward.
Nice!! didn't know "INVISIBLE SENATOR" did NON POLITICAL BASED good deeds. Now u ryan & cab members can lower yr taxes & screw sick people !
Is that why you are in favor of putting them at risk with an overpriced, subpar health care system?
That's great! What are you doing to support victims of police brutality?
When is your next townhall?
#special prosecutor
TRUMP ADMITTED TO OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE ON NBC NEWS YOU ARE AN UNPATRIOTIC COWARD IMPEACH
There is a reason military grade gear was taken away from local law enforcement. If you are going to bring it back, PLEASE make other (1/2)
steps to increase community trust and decrease institutionalized racism in local law enforcement!!!! (2/2)
Senator, all of the Koch brothers money won't get you re-elected in 6 years if you focus on atta-boy issues.  Have you noticed Trump issues?
Law enforcement is systemically racist & classist. I demand *you* do something. I do not accept police "closing ranks" under criticism.
You are the worst.
@Senator PatToomey That's good. Now demand an independent investigation into the Trump suppression of Russia investigation
Can we meet halfway and support body cameras, de-escalation training and common sense gun regs before militirizing local police more?
Why don't you respond directly to the concerns of your constituents who are calling, faxing, emailing every day? We are #realPA.
Please, being a cop is safer now than it was 50 years ago.  Look at some stuff statistics, not Fox News.
Will you call for an independent investigation of Trump? #doyourjob
How about you put yourself in front of us - your constituents? We have a few questions for you. #WhereIsPat #NoMoreToomey
Have you seen Thin Blue Line movie?  Not much of an argument for the death penalty.
And today, you did nothing to protect the American democracy. #repealandreplacetoomey
How were you able to see the keyboard with your head burried so deep in the sand?  Are you introducing a bill tomorrow to protect puppies?
@WhatsPatUpTo Hold a town hall and you can tell us all about it in person, okay?
#3 is act pushing death penalty for ppl found guilty of killing local police. See @helenprejean (I'm not affiliated w/her- just pro-life)
How about you start the impeachment of Trump. Unless you are like the orange man and are in bed with Russia.
You R literally afraid of town halls & R hiding behind public safety officers. Grow a pair & have a Town Hall, face the ppl U betrayed!!
Making grand statements to hide your disdain for the people of your district won't work to hide your affection of party over country.
Blah blah, no one believes you
Such a coward on equal rights, ethics, and your boss' treason.  An embarrassment to Pennsylvanians.
Town hall. -19446
Too bad you support bills that will cripple the health of middle america....YOU EEKED out a win, in Nov...REMEMBER that...EEKED.
Stop trumpcare.
Obviously he's deaf.
How about demanding a special prosecutor to investigate the Russian investigation....
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION PAT! DO SOMETHING YOUR CONSTITUENTS ARE ASKING FOR: FOR A CHANGE!!!
If you respect them give them quality affordable health care not a tax cut for millionaires that won't help them
Like Comey?
Where is your support for him?
Geriatrics , chamber of commerce .  . That's his support
So POTUS asked the FBI director about an on going investigation. Think it's a good time to speak up for your constituents? #countryoverparty
They are putting themselves in harms way raiding @scgpolitical right now. Know anything about the place?
Hey Pat, this is good but you have some very important decisions to make soon... Trump Russia and Healthcare.  Choose wisely my friend...
Please also protect us and do not allow a repeal of the ahca.
You spend that DeVos vote money yet?
In which case, maybe you should say something about 'your' president bad mouthing Comey and the brave & good people of the FBI
Seriously I think he's trolling
So you want to support law officers but not the law? Or maybe you think the president is above the law.
What provisions are in this bill to keep the police from becoming, militarized?  Wasn't that why military grade equip. was removed?
We demand a special prosecutor. Even Trump supporters are calling for answers!  Do the job we are working hard to pay you for!
INDEPENDENT prosecutor..it's the right thing to do,
Get to work on health care, talk to docs.,nurses, CFF,our sick, .AARP,hospitals...no insurance magnates!
The only support they need is retraining in how to value, protect and serve black and brown lives instead of just white lives. Wake up.
1 of 4 These are bad bills & should not become law.
2 of 4 "Lifesaving Gear for Police Act" militarizes police. Local police do NOT need tanks, et al. If so, then maybe so should citizens.
Schedule some townhalls, and join the chorus demanding an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia? You have nothing to hide, right?
You have nerve tweeting your own horn. You have failed your constituents.
Senator, take us out of harm's way and request a special investigator for President Trump's Russian connections, please and thank you
Hey Pat, called, emailed and faxed your office to make sure u vote Yes for a special prosecutor and vote No on repealing ACA.
How about supporting the call for an independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia!!
How about you focus on getting us an independent prosecutor fro the Trump/Russia investigation!
how about some common sense gun legislation?
Increased gun safety measures?
Are you a MAN or a MOUSE? Stand up for women!
He's a mouse. He pulled his aged mother out for the last campaign, stood behind her and used her as a prop to show he "cared". POS!
S.A.D.! 
Yeah, they actually do their jobs. Which is more than PA can say about its junior Senator. ANSWER YOUR PHONE CALLS - (voter from 15227)
What about DEMANDING Women be added to our Health Care Committee!   How can you stand by quietly in This issue??
How about you push for a special prosecutor & independent investigation into #TrumpRussia?
Hi Senator! Every day you put the country in harm's way when you refuse to demand a special prosecutor. Country over party, already.
