
The NRA gave you nearly $80,000 last year.
I hope you enjoy your last term in office.
tear him up
Why don't you pray for gun control laws. Or hey, since you're a Senator, actually DO SOMETHING?
Besides, prayers,like the NRA,you are silent on gun control. Oh,it's too early to politicize this.Sunday night it was too late for 58 humans
Prayers are only a start.We have a responsibility to take action, which we cannot delegate to God.Time to talk about assault weapons.
TIME TO START DOING YOUR JOB AND NOT ALLOWING THE NRA TO SPEAK FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS!
Families don't want your prayers.  What are you doing.
The survivors and family members of mass shootings have a message for the leaders of our nation. 
Why don't you stop praying and pass a common sense gun law measure which would prevent shootings like this
Prayers mean nothing. How about gun control? No citizen needs a semi-auto weapon. If only you were in a position to do something. Oh wait...
praying you will continue to get NRA campaign money. Do the strong moral thing if you are Horrified!
How much money did you get from the NRA?!?!?
Please ban bump stocks and the type of guns the shooter used. These are war munitions, not anything used to defend a home or take a deer.
all this talk about gun control makes me wanna listen to glocca morra
Time for some common sense gun control. This is crazyness. Assault weapons are not needed. Fight NRA have some courage
Today is #October5; 4 days since #massshooting killed 59 & injured 500+.  #PatToomey what are you doing to make #USA safer?  #NRA #LasVegas
Please do something legislatively to ban guns solely used for killing people.  Ban bump stocks and semi-automatic high powered rifles.
Gun control! Now!

You can't put a price on a human life- unless u r Toomey or one of the other republican POS owned by the Gun lobbyists
Don't pray.  Legislate!
Is TODAY too soon to talk about Gun Control, Senator Toomey?  How about tomorrow?
Your prayers are crap. Stop making it more difficult for women to get an abortion and start making it more difficult for people to get automatic weapons.
$167K from the NRA. OWNED.
More thorough background checks and stricter gun control legislation, please. These tragedies can be prevented.
You are in a position to actually do something about this. Stop hiding behind prayer.
How bout some gun control?  Who needs that kind of gun or that many?!?!
Your prayers don't mean shit. How about tougher gun and ammunition laws? This guy was massacring these poor folks like fish in a barrel!
your constituents are uninterested in your prayers. we're more interested in you doing something to help, like legislating gun control.
#eatadick #you'repaidbytheNRA
I hope your staff is monitoring your constituents discontent. Background checks are NOT ENOUGH
Praying for the victims and taking $167,051 from gun lobbyists? Keep your prayers, DO SOMETHING FOR GUN CONTROL REFORM!
How do you manage to fold your hands in prayer, @SenToomey when they are deep in the NRA’s pocket? They gave you $167K
Then do something about it!
Prayers are nothing when you could actually DO something, like supporting national ban on assault weapons & bump stops.
I CANT IMAGINE NOT HAVING ANY KIND OF WARNING. IT WOULD BE PURE CHAOS. THINK AND MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE PLEASE. GET THE NRA OUT OF UR POCKET
Keep taking money from the NRA. WE WANT STRICTER GUN LAWS NOW. AND PLEASE DO NOT ALLOW SILENCERS TO BE LEGAL. THOSE GUNSHOTS ARE HORRIFYING
Ban assault weapons, Senator Toomey. Action is required.
Prayers are good, but how can I help you to pass some legislation to avoid this happening in the future!?
Support CDC research on gun violence, sensible regulations on weapon sales
Vote NO on HR 367! There is no need for silencers or armor piercing bullets!
Send your thoughts and prayers right up your ass. DO YOUR JOB and pass common sense gun control!
You make laws.  Does it bother you that federal firearm laws were not violated, and data collection rules prevent any detection.
What are you going to DO!!

Since 1998, the NRA has donated $3,555,194 to current members of Congress. Find out here who has received donations. https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/ …
This is a better link for his complicate stance.  Will he make @GabbyGiffords proud, or get his NRA A rating back??
Stop with your pious prayer BS and DO something about the epidemic of GUN violence. The problem IS GUNS, and YOU NEED TO ACT!
Prayers are not enough. There must be changes made to our current gun laws. Make a change Toomey. I'm not pleased with you as senator.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gaul 


Hey creep - do something about the guns
Crocodile tears, though & prayers have saved zero lives:
Less praying, more action.  Stop senseless violence.
Gun control. Now.
Remember fake gun control bipartisan bill you sponsored last year? Time to bring it up with improv'd regs. Gabby G might support it again.
While your at it, stop messing with women's access to healthcare and abortion.
Stop voting for gun silencers to be available to all. No one needs a gun silencer. Only security experts, police & military need this item.
Vote for funding to help them.
their families. They are only meant to kill. You need to start listening to what the American people want. Ban these weapons, change the law
Please, enough is enough. It is an outrage to be allowed to have so many assault weapons. No one needs these kind of weapons to protect...
DO SOMETHING TO STOP THIS SHIT!! ACTIONS TO FOLLOW UP THE PRAYER WOULD BE GOOD.
Stop praying. Do something. Ban semi automatic weapons. They're only good for killing. Nothing else. 

Stop being a hypocrite.
#16412
Liar
Do something
What are you going to do to make sure this doesn’t happen again?
Maybe pass sensible gun control laws and not take money from the NRA.
@SenToomey, YOU pushed PRO-NRA Gun Legislation immediately AFTER Children were murdered at the Sandy Hook mass shooting by a "Lone Wolf".
Yet you've taken $93,000 from the NRA. Your prayers are in bed with the NRA.
"Thoughts and prayers" are nothing.  U are doing nothing.  Introduce some common sense gun legislation. ......
The blood is on your hands
We don’t need no more hoodoo voodoo.  Just effectuate what you’re paid to do. #GunContolNow

We pray, you stop this from happening. I'd do it for you but NRA gave you WAAYYY more money than me to get elected. (Auction)
People>NRA
Of the 27 representatives who each received more than $100,000 since 1990, all were Republican.  PAT TOOMEY --$167,051.  #BloodOnGOPHands.
The NRA OWN you clowns
Senator what is your plan to end to gun violence? Do you feel everyone has the right to own a weapon used for war ?
prayers are nice. we need action. DO YOUR JOB.
Horrific shooting. Praying for the victims and their families. #LasVegas
How about a ban on assault rifles
What are you going to do now? How are you going to help stop this from happening again? We need action. We need sensible gun laws.
NO Gun Silencers!!! Do everything to STOP S.59 - Hearing Protection Act of 2017 and H.R.3668 - SHARE Act.
Thoughts and prayers do nothing. Pass gun control laws and save lives. Stand up to the NRA. They don't speak for America.
You took $167,000 from gun lobbyists. You can keep your prayers.
I'm praying, too. Is this all you can do? How many more people have to die before you pass common sense gun safety laws?
Stop praying and do something.   Prayers solve nothing. Action does.
Prayers are not enough. Will u stand up 2 people over party? #SensibleGunLaws now!!!
Any comments about your pal @RepTimMurphy #familyvalues
No one needs your prayers . . .
http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/breaking-news/jimmy-kimmel-tears-up-during-emotional-plea-for-stricter-gun-laws/ar-AAsQ3pQ?ocid=sf …
Keep your prayers Senator.   They are empty words,  unless you are willing to pass meaningful gun control.  #notonemore
At what point will u grow a pair & do something about it tho? You've make it easier for people w/ mental illness 2 buy guns. Keep praying...
Refusal to give up NRA ransom money & pass gun control makes you complicit in tragedies like this!
You here?
Got any legislative solutions?
Pray in one hand, shit in the other.  Alternately, congress could actually do something productive.
Stand up to the #NRA - They fund domestic terrorism. This is ridiculous. We need reasonable gun control NOW!


They need more than prayers; they need you to push for legislation banning assault weapons. PLEASE use your power to help! #GunControlNow
Stop praying and take action. We need real gun laws now. Do your job!
Hypocrite! If you’re sincere how about giving back the $167,051 you took from @NRA ?
Save your impotent prayers. Inner gestures without external action are meaningless. DO SOMETHING tangible that ACTUALLY makes a difference!
Does the $167,051 you got from the gun lobby help the victims and their families?
Why dont you actually push legislation that will prevent the next mass shooting? I am from your state and you thoroughly disgust me.
Pray for your own black soul.  #GunControlNow
How about some bipartisan legislation, Senator? This is no way to live.
How to feel like you’re doing something, while doing absolutely nothing...
You should be praying for god's forgiveness, for being part of the congress that allows the NRA to control it. The blood is on your hands.
only common sense gun reform you voted 4 was to allow sales to the mentally ill! You should be ashamed! Do something to curb gun violence!
@SenToomey Over the course of your political career, how many dollars in donations have you accepted from the NRA?
Do something about it then. Prayers won't stop the carnage,  gun laws will.
"Praying for victims" . Get off your butt and do something that could lessen these mass murders . How much blood money from NRA on your hand
Save it.  You tweeted for a week about selling tax cuts for billionaires over health care that would help situations exactly like this.  Thanks NRA!  You got your guy right here!
Stop praying and actually put your title & position to work. Do your freaking job and help save innocent lives
Prayers won't bring these victims back. How about refusing NRA money and enacting laws for gun control.
Stop taking money from the NRA and do something!!
So what are you doing about gun CONTROL? Or are you going to suck up to the NRA again?
Forget thoughts and prayers. We have enough. You can take the smallest of actions—call for a ban on automatic weapons—and be a hero. Do it.
Another easy call: NO to any legislation legalizing the use of gun silencers.
Votes to keep high-capacity magazines available to the public...sends prayers for victims of high-capacity magazines. Makes sense.
Repubs offer prayers after every mass shooting, and we  get more shootings. Maybe you're praying for the wrong thing? Pray for gun control.
Useless words! Address the problem! Work for the American people not the NRA!!

Please do something. Private citizens don't need to own weapons that can kill 59 people and injure hundreds more from a thousand feet away.
Those victims don't need your prayers! With your gun stance record you HELPED the shooter!
While I am sure the victims of this senseless tragedy appreciate your prayers, we need YOU to stand up & help to enact common sense gun laws
Stop praying and follow Australia's lead on gun legislation.
Your prayers are meaningless. Show that you actually give a damn. Support legislation that protects innocent lives not deranged killers.
Sen. Toomey, New constituent here (2 months). Please do more than pray. Break ranks, screw the NRA, offer up sensible gun control policy.
Pro-life prayers of men and women heal.  Seen evidence.  Pray and pass it on.
Your praying rings hollow when you do not support common sense gun control. Who needs to own assault rifles? People over party.
#massshootings every day in the US. WHY??? Pray for yourself since YOU won't do anything because the NRA owns you. #MakeAmericaSadAgain #Sad
Excuse me .@SenToomey didn't YOU vote against having #BackGroundChecks at gun shows, internet sales & private sales?  What will do? #Thanks
Praying is not good enough.
We don't need prayers. We need #GunContolNow - your constituents are watching. DO SOMETHING.


Time for some common sense gun legislation, don't you think?
Read Sen @ChrisMurphyCT  @washingtonpost. Prayers are useless. As a matter of fact, all you do is worthless. Time to rep real PA citizens.
Prayers aren’t enough. We need stronger gun control laws and we need them now. Look to Australia. Look to every other Western country. ACT!
support more gun controls.we are looking to all of you for leadership.. we need you not to rationalize and do the work. A Pa citizen.
Prayer is great. Gun legislation would be better.
With All Due Respect, Senator.  I go to a minister for prayers.  I go to my US Senator for meaningful legislation.  How many have to die?
We don't want your prayers. We want commonsense gun control! Where's your right to life now?
how about instead of praying, you do your fucking job and DO SOMETHING ABOUT THE GUN VIOLENCE.
I am praying that you could grow a set and actually do something to prevent monsters like that to own 42 guns.
Then do something about it. NOW! Or step aside and let a leader who will do something about our insane gun laws! Please
Do more than pray. Vote.
Why is my right to life, liberty & pursuit of happiness worth less than right to own "weapons of war" type guns, illegal or retrofitted?
you are so far up the butt of the NRA IT IS NOT FUNNY.  You could care less it is all about money for you.  #onthetaketoomey
In the wake of #LasVegas, what actions are you taking to ensure Pennsylvanians are safe?
As a faith leader, I appreciate your call to prayer. But, prayer is not passive. Please work to enact SERIOUS gun control legislation.
For evil to flourish, it only takes good men to do nothing...do something Senator Toomey!
Awesome.  Now try legislating a solution to this horror.  That's your job and you are my senator.
With all due respect you're not there to pray.
1. Enough with thoughts and prayers. Here are some charts and maps that make clear why this keeps happening in America. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/10/2/16399418/us-gun-violence-statistics-maps-charts …
We don't want your prayers 
We here in Pa want you toSTOP taking money from the NRA and groups like them
#SenatorToomeyHasTaken93000Dollars
Time to pass common sense gun control. 19078
"horrific"... hum, obvious. "Praying"...doesn't stop bullets from killing us. "Victims".. all of us for having your weak soul as a senator.

Since 1998, the NRA has donated $3,555,194 to current members of Congress. Find out here who has received donations. https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/ …
#GunControl Now @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GOP
"I cannot express how wrong I was": Country guitarist changes mind on gun control after Vegas http://wapo.st/2fEWZU9 
Shut up with the prayers already and DO something. Ban assault weapons and fuck the NRA!!
Your thoughts are empty. VOTE NO on the Hearing Protection Act and show us with your ACTIONS how you really feel about gun violence. 19382
Faith without works is dead. Do something!
Prayer is needed for our elected officials to do something including you Senator
"They should be praying. They should be praying for God to forgive them for letting the gun lobby run this country." Kimmel
Make a real statement of what you & your colleagues plan to do to keep us safe this can be stopped even if you save one life it's worth it
Stand up & do something NOW. For our children. Be the hero we all need. How many times are you willing to make this statement before it ends
If you vote to make silencers easier to get for “hearing protection” you prove you really don’t care.
All talk no action, once again.
Now IS the time, but you have shown you are not the one to make change happen.
No Koch $ in it for you.
