Where are all the conservatives shouting about how bad all this "free stuff" is?  A two trillion dollar give-away?  Who pays for this?
No, no, no! It's only baf to give to the POOR! It's perfectly fine to give free stuff to the wealthy who've worked so hard they deserve…
…more millions of our tax dollars. After all, they can't watch Trump play golf unless they can stand on the neck of a Puerto Rican child…
…for a better view.
Basic math reduce revenue 1.5 T and increase debt 1.5 T.  Not conservative enough
True about POTUS - he dealt in a world of debt - not his debt belongs to previous admin.  But the Senator supports banks and corporations so I doubt if he is truthful on this GOP plan.  Since we don't have the tax bracket ranges hard to determine what my tax will be.
Fix this picture if you want to enact real #TaxReform. Anything else is doubling down on your tired ideology. @mcall https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/08/07/opinion/leonhardt-income-inequality.html …
A lot in PA stand to lose with double taxation on state and local. Do you care? Nope. Just selling the growth lie that bankrupted Kansas.
Another tax cut for your wealthy donors won't help Pennsylvania. Hold a _REAL_ town hall, and we'll let you know.
When are you going to take care of CHIP ?
and how does funding for #CHIP work into all this? What happens to the kids now?

5x as many angry replies as likes.  The people know your statment is a poorly veiled farse.
By cutting Medicaid by $1 trillion & Medicare by $473 billion, budget resolution gives Congress tools to enact tax cuts for the wealthy

Help the people in Puerto Rico!! What the he'll is going on here?!! Where is leadership???
Give me a break. Every vote you make is to benefit big business and the wealthy. You do nothing for the average person!
What about a balanced budget?  Weren't we working toward that?
Expanding economy ==> workers with money to spend. Lining the pockets of the rich and of businesses won't do it. "It's the economy, stupid!"
My degree is in econ. this is all fabrication. Just look to recent history when Bush tax cuts gave us 2007-8 Great Recession. This is worse.
@LeslieLee327 @SenToomey Only those whoignore correlation between Huge debt&lost revenue of GOP tax cuts4wealthy. UNSUSTAINABLE
Mr Toomey:  Tim Foley must go now!!

Tax cuts are for the upper 1% and not for the middle class. What about all the poor who need medical insurance?
You budget ideas are always harmful to your constituents.
Not all of your constituents are Trump's gullible fan club. Trump ran for president to give himself lower taxes and work for Putin. & You?
You just want to give rich people, like yourself, a raise. The GOP plans to STEAL from ordinary citizens to make rich people richer.
The tax plan is nothing more than a give away for the rich. But that is your MO isn't it? Sad for Pa sad for America
Does 'statically-scored tax' mean you support defunding the CHIP child insurance program?

Need booming economy? horse hockey! Make the rich and corporations pay, esp on foreign income, and lose15% income break on stock income.
A gift to the billionaire oligarchy, including the Koch brothers, whom you so obediently serve. You're pathetic.
I'm calling Bullshit on your statement.
Because.
#eatadick
Does 'statically-scored tax' mean that you want to give millionaires like @realDonaldTrump big tax cuts while middle class taxes go up?
No to trump’s tax reform, it is simply a tax break for the rich, creates loopholes for companies and a tax increase on the middle class.
will be looking for a new job come election time.
middle class to middle class. I'll work similarly hard to ensure lawmakers who raise our rate while decreasing that of the wealthy
From what I can tell, my family's taxes will go up under the proposal. We worked very hard over an entire generation to make it from lower
Cutting taxes for the rich NEVER creates jobs; those tax gifts go into hedge funds, not job creation. Rich people get richer by CUTTING jobs
Similar Bush tax cuts ended our last budget surplus and led to 2008 Great Recession. Trickle Down economics has NEVER worked! Look it up!
My response to you. #Toomeythuglife
Make the #working poor even poorer so they don't have resources to defend themselves against the rich GOP. Keeping us in our place the goal.
Did you read it at all ? It only favors the 1% no one else sir. You have shown you have no interest in anyone below 6 figure salary just  .
This is not acceptable. Now we get to say the same thing over and over: Trickle down economics does not work. Rich keep getting richer!
OMG you are SUCH a liar! Lie Lie Lie, all day,every day. WTF wrong with u?! Why do u hateso much? What happened2u?
Mnuchin spent months contradicting this Treasury study. Then Treasury removed the study.  https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463?tesla=y …
There is no evidence that tax cuts stimulate the economy.  Lower govt spending bc of tax cuts could slow economy down.
What by cutting Medicare?
The "plan": Same old trickle-down economics. Didn't work before, won't work now. Benefits only the wealthy. 18974
Try some integrity Senator. What is impact on deficit and debt?! Disgrace that you would promote this gross tax cut for wealthy
This bill is a travesty, @SenToomey
Tax Reform? Stop letting companies stash money overseas
And reality is where in your mind?
Where is "small government" Senator?
So what happened to republicans hating deficits???
How many times are you going to trot out the "tax cuts will reduce the deficit" canard?  You think there's ANYONE left that believes that?
like the bush taxcuts, they will sink us in debt to china. why do you want to bankrupt this nation with corporate welfare for the 1%?
Are u kidding! Aka, more money for the wealthy who care about no one but themselves!!!!!!
CUT #ILLEGAL #FRAUD #TAX w/NO LIMIT to put all in TAX DEBT & TAKE their $$$$$ & Possessions-#Executive ORDER: REPEAL #OBAMACARE TAX MANDATE!
You want to forego $1.5TRILLION in revenue in order to REDUCE FEDERAL DEBT?!? Resign. I'll do the damn job. #TrickleThis
Crook
The repeal of the CBO score requirement is unacceptable. It will be abused by both parties down the road. You need to oppose it!
Liar!
The only growth you will get with your plan is a higher deficit- then you'll say we have to cut entitlements! Same old republican song!!!!
Hey Pat...what happens if all the nice promises don't materialize?
Stop lying! When have corporations ever invested their profits in people?
You wanted to cut Medicare & Medicare to reduce our terrible deficit, but that deficit doesn't matter now. Disgraceful!
You lie. You know it.  Your in this for @realdonldjtrump and yourself. Middleclass losses deductions and tax will increase @ least b honest
Dad makes $90k Mom makes $90k YET a gov Funded Paycheck pays 1/2 of #SS  #medicare Taxes than 2 #taxpayers that make $180K,#Fair? OR #THEFT
Any time a Republican says “pro-growth budget,” it means tax cuts for the upper 1% & the middle class and poor get screwed. @SenBobCasey
LOL
.@SenToomey - why try to hide the facts that the senate is removing the requirements that all legislation must receive a CBO score
This tax reform will further line the pockets of you and your rich cronies. You have no feelings for the people of PA or the USA. Quit!
Cutting Medicare and giving large dollars to the wealthy is deplorable. GOP needs to stop talking to the public like we are stupid.
Shorter statement: "This is what the Koch brothers want." #KochSuckerPat
Sooo, @SenToomey, want us to believe that giving the top 1% a tax cut will "trickle down" to the other 99%?  It didn't work w/ Reagan.
Leave it to you to want to increase the national debt by 1.5 trillion.

.@TaxPolicyCenter says under GOP #TaxReform ">1/4 middle-income families would pay more in taxes." http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/taxvox/24-trillion-big-six-tax-plan-modest-middle-income-tax-cuts-big-benefits-rich …
All you do is talk in circles and not say anything that you can back up with facts. Do you know what a fact is, haven't seen any evidence.
You're trickle down voodoo economics won't work any better now than it has in the past.  All you want to do is give tax cuts to the rich.
Kansas
This budget resolution?  Scared CBO score will highlight something you are scared of public knowing?
Many reasons Sen Budget Res is bad. But, here's one hidden nugget that undermines accountability and transparency. CBO = no longer required. 

1/2 of the cuts are for the top 1%!!!  Do you think we're idiots?! #KochBrosHack #GOPSwamp @TuesdaysToomey
What are you doing about CHIP?
"Taxpayers  in the top 1% (incomes above  $730,000), would receive about 50% of the total tax benefit" 2/2
"Taxpayers in the bottom 95% of the income distribution would see average after-tax incomes increase between 0.5 & 1.2%" 1/2
How about your statement on Russia? And Puerto Rico? And the millions spent on golf trips we pay for? And the lies we are constantly told?
Liar
Trickle down usually ends up being trickle up.  Ugh.
So trump billionaire cabinets can get more money
Better pass it. Senate has done zip. Did you hear Rush L. That's how we all feel. Got it


Lock Tom Price Up, Lock Tom Price Up #LockTomPriceUp
Hard evidence shows that trickle-down economics does not work. Why should this time be any different?
Why no vote on CHIP?  That expires TOMORROW!
That reminds me - will PA be getting rid of that disgusting inheritance tax when the estate tax is gone? (yes I understand the difference)
How about all the kids who have healthcare coverage through CHIP?
Shorter statement: "I have done what the masters requested".
Tax plan is for wealthy;increases  fed deficit astronomically. Why don't you want it to get CBO score? It's wrong for PA& wrong for America
This is bull & you know it. This will throw us into a recession. The blame is on you. Resign.
So, if you are rich you get richer and those of us who are poor get to pay the rich more.   Does that sum it up?
Bullshit Pat! Don't be stupid citizens of PA. His budget is going to add to the deficit on the backs of the poor.
Another question: how would changes in tax laws affect your constituency? When I say constituency, I mean people in the SE PA area, too.
The Koch Brothers stance on #taxreform:
Facts matter -
Half of the benefit of the Republican tax cuts would go to the top 1 percent of earners, a new study finds. http://nyti.ms/2xHjBeW 
Nice to know that facts still matter to some people.
Borrowing from China to give the 1% a hand job. Well done
Before passing tax reform show all Americans how much more you and Trump will receive yearly! Current bill is all extra money for the rich
Your word has meant less than nothing to me since the day I saw u celebrating the end of TheACA in the RoseGarden. Can't wait 2 VOTE YOU OUT
Exactly. His disdain for the ACA & CHIP, and his lack of leadership re: PR, shows an egregious contempt for the sanctity of life.
2.2Trillion gift to RICH. Didnt work for Reagan,wont work now. 
First health care, now taxes, why do you HATE the middle class/poor/disabled
Tax cuts for the rich who don't need it. Trillion dollar addition to the deficit. Koch Bros are happy.
Senate GOP unveils budget resolution allowing them to pass tax reform without Dem votes:
Why do you think there's no need for a CBO score, Senator?

So we're still pretending "trickle-down economics" actually works?
Tax cuts do not stimulate economic growth. The wealthy only hoard cash; do not reinvestment. BTW, I hate everything you say. #NotMySenator
Anyone notice that the rich always seem to find that the way to "help" the country is to make themselves richer? Confirmation bias, perhaps?
#BS
You should be ashamed! You're lying! It's the top 1% who will benefit most with this tax sham! Get the hell out of office! You're useless!
Oh senator. The resolution does, indeed, give the GOP tools to screw the rest of us. No CBO score?! Tax handouts to billionaires?!
You must be on crack if you believe one word of that BS.
Senate unveils 2018 budget resolution that would increase deficit by $1.5 trillion
Would you please post this in a format that is compatible with screen readers for the visually impaired? Or enlarge the print?
I talk of doing this properly but it will be as regressive as possible for the low class I wasnt elected to work for PA just Chas and Dave.

Top Reagan adviser: "The entire Republican theory of tax cuts & #taxreform is just complete & total hogwash as far as growth is concerned." 
The budget and tax plan is total BS. The top 1% get 50% of the benefits. Many in MC will have HIGHER taxes. It is for donor class, period.
Corker? Really?
You're worthless @SenToomey
Why does this budget disproportionately favor the ultrarich, Senator? And does this "progrowth" plan account for job-loss due to automation?
Also how do you have time to release a statement on a budget proposal when CHIP remains unauthorized?
Koch brothers don't need CHIP.
Big surprise, #ToomeyTheTool continues to lie. I bet your donors are very happy.
