oh Tax Cuts for the Rich? figures you'd get that done.
Tax cuts for my business means I can hire another person.  What's wrong with that?
oh so you think this is for businesses to hire people? lol. No. It is for shareholders and for stock buybacks. It is a GOP bill after all.
Do you work?
do you?
Guess you didn't read my tweet saying I would hire another person with tax reform!  I take it you don't work and expect tax payer support.
You take it I don't work because I call out a Koch Brother shill like Toomey? How are the two related in your mind?
You haven't answered a simple question yet.
Do it!
Sorry Sir, I was working in the 80's, sounds soo... familiar.  & so far all you guys have done is target the poor.
I've been watching your "bipartisan" efforts. You vote straight down the line extreme Republican.
Trump needs to show his taxes
Oh, goody!! Rich people come out ahead again with you and the Mango Maniac at the helm!
Not really bipartisan. Three Dems in deep red states. More like hostages and torture trying to save their political asses
Funny coming from a guy that won't show us his Tax Returns .@realDonaldTrump and YOU @SenToomey want to take OUR healthcare Away for $$ 2 1%
So much jealousy about people that have more money.
More tax cuts for the rich.  More tax cuts for corporations.  Poor and middle class getting screwed over...   Business as usual
You and ur cronies have no idea what bipartisanship is, get real
Translation, climbing up in the president ars.
You better watch out - @realDonaldTrump is working with D's and may be pushing you and your buds out of the way!
Get it done!
Really so who's pockets are you planning to pad?
Just asking
For the love of GOD!!!! TAX REFORM!!!
Coming from a corrupt politician only interested in tax breaks for his campaign contributors, that is not uplifting.
You do realize this is going to be your last term in office. How much Russian money have you taken? You'll be voted out or resign early.
1/If he didnt get rubles from @SenateMajLdr there's prolly disgusting kompromat on him. Why else would he say this when we ALL saw Browder's
2/testimony on TheMagnitskyAct? http://www.pennlive.com/news/2017/06/pat_toomey_russia_investigatio.html …
He claims to support the act, but hasn't said anything boutattempts2 circumvent it
Pat Toomey says investigation into Russia-Trump ties is overblown
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=S-RsAGjUXtg …
We do not want or need a "Border Wall". It would be a negative symbol of shame for our great country. And the $$$ are better used elsewhere.
Means nothing if you don't kill the ACA Mandate
Try to work for Pennsylvania,  not your rich friends. You're a fraud.
I bet your wealthy donors are optimistic as well. You are bought and paid for, @SenToomey.
Were you there to support your constituents or Trump/Devos?
Of course you're eager to tax the rich less and the poor more.
Yeah, I'm so worried about corporations who pay an average of 17K after taking advantage of the loopholes.
You better get it done this year and retroactive to beginning of 2017 or go find a different line of work because I will not reelected you!
Why? The .1% don't already keep enough of our money? Do something constructive like pass legislation to protect us against #EquifaxBreach
Was it really bipartisan when the dems invited are all from red states and up for reelection in 2018?
The only reason you do anything is because there is something in it for you.  Kohn brothers, pharmaceutical co. Other big donors.
You were only at the WH was because tRump took a dump and needed someone to wipe his ass.
You mean to get more and bigger #taxbreaks for #rich and #corporations . #TaxReform #taxwelfair
How about working for Medicare for All instead? The wealthy are doing fine without ANOTHER tax cut.
Corporations really don't pay their fair share of taxes now and the @gop wants to give them MORE breaks:


Too bad the middle class will get screwed in the process.  Most corporations pay ZERO taxes -- just like the #CyberBullyInChief
I doubt it, you and your Republican colleagues are totally incapable of doing anything constructive, lame duck congress and administration!!
A real bipartisan bill would have been co-authored by GOP and Dem tax committee chairs.  Like "the good ole days"
Calls meeting with 3 Democrats up for reelection in red states "bipartisan".
I'm optimistic we'll find a way to get you out of office.
#NotOnePenny
A way to help out those poor suffering rich people on the backs of working people? Ahhh yes, still working for your constituents I see. Not.
Why do I not believe you? You've been nothing but a GOP shill for the last 9 months and beyond.  You've proven you don't care about us ...
It is not bi-partisan when you only include Dems from Trump red states!
...and I'm optimistic trump will be impeached!
Better get it done before Thanksgiving, your future depends on it. American people are sick & tired of useless GOP members. @seanhannity
He has to give all his a tax cut before he leaves
Everyone in Washington DC is CORRUPT
Bipartisan? Then why did you say on morning show Democrats are unwilling to participate in process? Because they oppose tax cuts for 1%?
talk well
You gonna give our mortgage interest deduction to Robert Mercer and the Koch brothers?
I know you will Pat
U have shown repeated lack of interest in the potential crimes of the President and those around him... Until then,  I will not trust u.
I have no prob with paying my taxes. Why do you? Stop whining and just pay your damn taxes #PatToomeyLies cry baby.
McConnell needs to go. Republican voters want action, not delay.  Use that majority to make change. #MAGA
It would be nice if you guys simply got anything done!
I hope for everyone's sake that you're wrong
#CorpTax to ~18.75%.
Reshore money & jobs.
#IncomeTax for midclass. But NO cuts for wealthy.
This is a must after the failure to repeal Obamacare
You can tell us all about it at your next town hall.
Why do I have a difficult time believing this?
FRAUD. You are owned by the Oil and Gas companies and lobby. Get what done? Tell us . You are a fraud. You vote for who pays you $$$$$$$
Yea, Tax reform for the rich. Why should we get excited about it? Your the one who will make out. Do you think we don't know what's going on
You mean tax cuts for the rich, right?
Flat tax
Better be more than optimistic. Better give McConnell a major kick in the back-end. Tax change 2017
http://TRICKLE.DOWN.DOES.NOT.WORK !
Not quite sure why you were invited to this dinner...you certainly don't need to be wined and dined to make the Liar in Chief happy.
Stop the lies. You mean tax cuts for the rich. 15% corporate tax rate. How about $15 minimum wage for hard working Americans!
Still planning on keeping carried interest loophole?
Did you ask about the President's Tax Returns? or why Congress has given up on asking for them? We deserve an explanation #TaxReform
tax cuts for the wealthy wrapped in simplicity ... what will that solve but enriching the rich and increasing the deficit.  Deception.
If you're excited about it, for sure it's only good for the rich and not at least 99 percent of your constituents.
Give breaks to the common man not the rich and companies. Of course you won't support that.
Translation: We're working hard figuring out how to give us rich people tax breaks while screwing the rest of the country. #GotIt #ResignNow
When your intent is to revisit trickle down Econ that cont's the demise of the middle class, you are all for it.  More $ in YOUR pocket!Ugh!
1/So super xcited2get your decades worth of TaxCuts4TheWealthy, congrats. However, if u approve this maneuver 2lift Magnitsky sanctions4your
2/DearLeader you're finished. U wont b able2hack &cheat your way in2another senate term.Putin is a murderer that supports ISIS,the same ISIS
3/that killstroops. https://twitter.com/billbrowder/status/906320344721616896 …
You claim2b in favor of TheMagnitskyAct- PROVE IT that kills troops.
Something's cooking in DC on the Global Magnitsky Act https://twitter.com/srubenfeld/status/906250444837707781 …
Please focus on cutting corporate welfare. Trickle down is proven as a failure. Help American citizens not Citizens United.
I'm not optimistic that you have our best interests in mind. BTW, when are you going to have a real, unfiltered, town hall in Philly?
Pat, I am in full support of constructive changes that benefits all.
So this is your way of telling me that my taxes are going up while the rich get richer. Ok cool. Got it.
I'm saddened to see you enabling @realDonaldTrump & his bullying tactics w/ the 3 Dems at this meeting. I thought you were better than that.
It was hardly a bipartisan meeting.  The 3 Dems invited are all up for re-election in states where Trump won big.  Trying to intimidate them
I can't wait to pay more for less services so billionaires can pay less! It is the American dream! 
Let's get single payer healthcare done instead. If you actually care about the needs of the poor and middle class you would do this. SAD!
Ok . And how do we pay for it with 20 trill in debt ?
I think it would be more constructive for American workers if those writing the tax code weren't own by corporate money. Such as yourself.
I hope so, time for the Legislative branch to start delivering!
You're plan isn't tax reform, it's massive tax cuts for the rich.  Re-branding doesn't change what it is.
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReforms Unless #45 reveals tax returns as promised in campaign;NO TAX REFORM.Must know how#45 benefits @SenateGOP #nabj
I sure hope so. It's time to deliver on the Presidents agenda
It's "biBRANCHisan" when GOP LEG. talks with GOP EXEC. Stop being such ass, Toomey. You have shown no true interest in compromise w/ Dems
The rich get richer
As we all know, the poor have too much money and the rich don't have enough. Please fix this.
And how about making Affordable Health Care Act usable in PA? Would you pay $900 a month for ur Premium, Pat? Who can afford that??? 
Murder
This chart speaks for itself:
Make it worthwhile. We need to see a great GDP.
Tax Reform = Better get my rich donors some more walking around money.   You're a joke.
Quit!
Why?
Shut up!
I'm going to hold my breath on this one
You better get it done.... No more excuses!
How to spot a lie:
You uttering "constructive" and "bipartisan" in the same breath.

ANYTHING with your name on it is definitely bad news!
You're worthless @SenToomey
This is s must.
Thanks Pat! You're a peach....a bought and paid for peach! -- David & Charles Koch
of course u do whatever Dear Leader tells u to do, even if its a giveaway 4 the rich on the backs of middle class. Ur the WORST!
You seem giddy. I guess tax breaks for the rich would make you happy.
Only been working on this for years.
Bot.
Finally going to raise taxes on the wealthy and return us to the greatness of the 50s????
You have no choice but to produce. Take a leadership role. Current Senate leader won't drive it. There is no more patience left for B.S.
Deficit be dammed
Where have we heard that before?
Pat now that you had a good dinner and meeting let's see some work done and less talking. It's time to get something done!
PLEASE, no tax breaks for the super-rich.  It's time to do the right thing, PT.
Did POTUS seem sane to you this evening? He isn't "pivoting ", still unstable. Do something.
When you say #TaxReform you mean tax cuts for corporations and your wealthiest pals?
Will the gains realized by the Koch, DeVos, Martin, and Roberts families be enough to offset their campaign donations to you?
15% Senator
Are you optimistic you'll find a way to get open, in-person town halls with no pre-submitted questions done across PA? #DoYourJob #realPA
Yeah cause the Health care meetings were so constructive and full of optimism...
Oh good I was really worried that rich people might have to pay their fair share
Yeah, we know what you're working on. ...
It's not tax reform it's a tax cut for the rich-aka a tax break for the president and his friends. Thanks for standing up for Pa residents.
I certainly hope not.
Let me guess, tax cuts for millionaires?
Tax cuts.  hat's your priority right now? Ask your constituents - the people you are SUPPOSE to work for - if that is on their current list.
Lead pipes polluting Pittsburgh people: that's what should be addressed.
Pat, if you vote to give $800B back to the rich, resign your seat.
You only have to look at his vote on GOP healthcare plan (aka tax cuts for wealthy) to get a gauge of what he's going to do.
No tax cuts for the rich right? Studies show they just keep the extra money for themselves. Always hurts the economy and the middle class.
No tax cuts for corporations right too?
Resign.
News: Senator doesn't give a s* about constituents, celebrates opportunity to screw them via "tax reform" Ok, lying. Not news when Repub
What...
I love everyone who replied to this lame ass tweet!
Just build the wall please
Republicans failed to #RepealObamacare ...sure hope you get #TaxReform done ASAP!
Yuck
And there will be plenty of extra time to stop people of color from voting!
Rhode Island-6,000 illegal votes. The majority don't want open borders, single payer and Socialism. We need #VoterID for an honest system.
His Highness Charlie Koch is pleased with you Patrick! Bring on the Voodoo Economcs!!
Your boy Soros bought him.
No, you are terrified you won't "get it done" since that's what the Koch Bros & your other billionaire donors paid you to do.
Great Idea! Why don't you hold a bipartisan town hall with @SenBobCasey. Open to the public, in a big venue. How about a televised event?
We can ill afford tax cuts for your rich overlords. In case you haven't noticed, we've just been through 2 hurricanes. Tone deaf Toomey.PA18
Sure, screw the 99%.
Won't hold my breath. All you care about is your rich donors/friends. Screw us normal people working too hard for too little money.
As a Trump rubber stamp, we know we'll have to fight tooth and nail to stop you from defunding programs for kids, poor, elderly, women, etc
Really is always more important to you fckg libs to steal and waste our money and never hold gov accountable,
What? Whatever you're doing with taxes involves more corporate welfare.
Your days as our Senator are numbered.  #firetoomey
By "get this done" you mean tax cuts for your friends, right?
Grow up. This will benefit everyone
You've NEVER done anything bipartisan why would you start now?  Just continue to be the hypocrite that you are!
Because the democrats are Trump supporters... west va? Trump needs to show his taxes!!!!
I hope you know tax reform is not tax breaks for the rich. When and wher is you Town Hall meeting for western PA?
So who were the Democrats in attendance?
Mamchin, Donnelly, Heitkamp, etc.
Manchin a psuedo dem.
That's sounds like good news for America, thanks Pat!
When will the Senate start doing there job and start passing legislation? #donothingcongress
LOL. How much money are you giving? Certainly nowhere as much as the Kochs or DeVos. That'll really hurt him.
Yeah please cut taxes for the 1%, I'm begging you.
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
