Where do you stand on Trumpcare, sir? This is NOT a solution to the problems with Obamacare. It will hurt more people.
Novel idea. Have a real time, in person town hall. Then, Mr Toomey, you will hear what Pennsylvanians really think of your ideas.
What are the Republicans doing? Healthcare? Tax REForm? Taking another break? Former Republican who is sick and tired of the lame Republican
Do you ever get tired of kissing ass?
Find your balls
Why is @SenToomey refusing to hold a townhall meeting for PA voters?
Call his office EVERYDAY! 202-224-4254
We can MAKE HIM FACE THE VOTERS!
Just how much more evidence dose Congress have to see or hear before Trump is impeached?
Counting the days till you are out of office
God your gonna count all 8 years...we ain't giving up the office.
You may want to retake High school social studies/civics. Toomey the wealthy & hater of the vulnerable has a 6 year term.
You're not an economist, stop pretending that you are. Seriously, you have a bachelors degree in government
Hmmm....why not start by all of you taking a 30% pay cut and save us some money?
Umm Patty, when you're voted out(or removed from office), #GOPconnivance & spineless #traitor on resume isn't going to fly. Just sayin'
Called Toomey's office today, and yep was told by staff he supported dtrump on Paris Accord.  Pay to Play Toomey! Worthless for PA!
How did he get re-elected?
And how do the people at Waukesha motors feel about the Republicans for fiscal responsibility now that they've lost their jobs?
I am a disgusted former Republican who can't believe the inability of the House and Senate to NOT get ANYTHING done on healthcare andtaxReF
Cut waste and fraud in defense spending for fiscal sanity.
No it's not. Just vote to raise the debt ceiling so that the integrity of the American finances isn't compromised. No bad deals please.
Still in hiding?  You are a constant topic of conversation.
Mulvaney's budget is a cruel heartless disaster.We always seem to have $ for wars, bailing out bad behavior on Wall St. & tax cuts for 1%.
Toomey represents Big Business only 
For profit
Bad for America 
VOTE TOOMEY OUT
So AGAIN what and who do you support?  Your tweets are frustrating at least and down right ridiculous NO ANSWERS EVER
Start with the Defense budget
It's just another example of the evil, hard hearted republican plan to kill thousands of Americans so they can give monster tax cuts
Mulvaney is a liar. There is no reason in the world to repeal the estate tax. Trump is benefiting his own pocketbook.
Yes what Pennsylvanians and Americans need is Republicans once again playing political games with one simple task. 
It's no wonder you hide.
Pennsylvanians need open hearings on your Senate health care bill. No secrecy
Hey Pat, how bout you come to a city for a town hall
When will you be holding an in person town hall?
Two trillion dollars math error??? Ummm, why would you praise him? Oh yeah, party before country. Hold a town hall
Mulvaney's budget is bad. Don't tangle that mess up with the financial integrity of America. Just vote to raise the debt ceiling.
Did you know you're a terrible person?  Now you do
Yea. Let's start holding govt hostage to right wing special interests
Nothing Mulvaney does is worth talking about until we clear up his 2 TRILLION budget error. Oh, and when will our #ToomeyTownHall be? 2021?
crickets on #ParisAgreement  waiting for the polls ....
Says Senator Rubber Stamp. @TuesdaysToomey
Since you came to Philly, but skipped the townhall, can you release the speech you did give at Union league?  Curious what your priorities R
Was your State work week fundraising/campaigning or talking to all your constituents?  Have you talked to @GovernorTomWolf about ACA?
#Wrong!
But why did you skip the #ToomeyTownHall?
No worries. Another #emptysuit filled in for you. Here's the video
LIVE on #Periscope: #ToomeyTownHall with #invisibleToomey. https://www.pscp.tv/w/a_87ojFZTEtKTnFSbnB3S058MWRSSlpBQWVYTWdHQgf5eungop-I9DXuB-WcXTsIKAsL06igAfCDP-xuDY_0 …
You are as unpatriotic as Mulvany and Trump!!  I suppose you spend a lot of time with your Russian dictionary.
Where is your tepid response to the Paris agreement? Maybe PA will become oceanfront property under 45. #resist
If you don't want to raise the debt ceiling, stop the American war machine.
The numbers of tax reform are lies you are a fool!
I work at a hospital for low income people and rolling back Medicare will close thousands of hospitals people will die and I will lose work?
Do you know there are hungry children who are going to be starving because of tax reform while your children have the best?
Mulvaney stood by a glaring $2T accounting error and you're holding him up as a fiscal leader? Do you ever listen to yourself?
stand in front of the fan, Trump is spewing you know what Mr Rubber Stamp
Afraid you are hopeless. 5.5 years and counting.
Spending reforms means eliminating necessary federal programs so rich people can pay less taxes.  Trump will increase the deficit.
I see you ran away from another town hall in Philly.
"Grandpap Toomey, Why didnt u do something about global warming when u were Senator?"
Yah...whats more important than "reforms to debt ceiling"? Certainly not the out-of-control climate that your grandchildren will inherit
NICE Toomey u ignored Trump denial of PARIS ACCORD - yeah Mr INDEPENDENT THINKER - YOU'RE a COWARD - PA'ers WONT FORGET
There's NOTHING remotely sane about anything the GOP is doing. You are destroying our country.

any thoughts at all on the Paris Accords? Just thought I would ask since I am one of your constituents.
Since when are you pro-sanity?
The Trump-Mulvaney budget is a travesty!  And support of it is misguided and not aligned with constituents needs. Stand up for PA
Says the insane Senator Toomey.
What do you think about climate change? Is it real? How about global cooperation? Is that a good thing?
#Complicit
What do you think Trump calls you? Ass kissin' Toomey?
Yes Senator this is something we can all discuss in your upcoming town hall meeting....Oh wait
How about we restore environmental sanity by opting back into the #ParisAgreement like the rest of the world? 15106
Come out come out wherever you are. We Pennsylvanians would like a few words with you.
Tell you what, we'll pay you....Oh wait we already do
And your support for your constituents is pathetic and unhealthy for Pennsylvania's sanity.
I'm so disappointed that you represent my state.
We have  about 500 attending.
How was your lunch here in Philadelphia at the Union League? You might have stayed around for our fun event.
Of course you write in political  vagueness!  "Spending reforms" = cuts to needy seniors kids & families.
@SenToomey we're about to get started at our Toomey Town Hall. Sorry you couldn't make it tonight. We gave you weeks & weeks notice. #toomey
Don't tell me
 about voting along party lines. Pelosi cracks the whip and you jump into orbit.
What about $72 billion cut from Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI)? This budget is cruel.
Senator show us that you are sane and start doing your job! Trump is an embarrassment. As is the GOP allowing his behavior to go unchecked.
He is not only embarrassing, he is freaking insane and stupid!
it depends.. are those accords removing funding from children, elderly and the sick!  How about taxing top earners than on the back of poor
"Mulvaney" and " fiscal sanity" in the same sentence. I laughed so hard that I dropped my phone.
Really disappointing that you don't have the backbone to stand up to anything this administration does. Empty suit.
how much are they paying you under the table……your constituents would like to know.
All Mulvaney is doing is the same as the rest of you and that is bring more money to the already wealthy. None of you care about America's!
It would be refreshing if for ONCE you weren't a party hack.
Time to VOTE HIM OUT!!!!!  Change is sometimes good!!!!
How about paying off the debt once and for all?  #don'tkickthecan
We are watching and we vote
Mick Mulvaney has no soul and if you support his draconian ideas, you are complicit.
Nothing Mulvaney does is positive.
To all PA citizens: PLEASE understand what a mistake it was to give this man another 6 YEARS representing us in senate. He is dangerous
"Reforms", people know it means cutting every domestic program that assists the middle or lower classes..all to give huge tax cut for top 1%
People in PA realize this is holding the country hostage r/t threats to not pay our bills. SPENDING REFORMS? Cutting Medicaid, CHIP, ect
Our senator no different from crazy freedom caucus, PA citizens well aware u don't openly caucus with them because we would not accept crazy
As one of your constituents, I'm deeply dismayed by your definition of sane. It's insane that food stamps & healthcare are in peril.
How about raising taxes on the rich to pay for the debt we racked up the last time you gave them tax cuts.
You call threatening to not pay your previously incurred debt "fiscal sanity?" Covfefe!
There is nothing Mulvaney does or suggests that is sane or to our countries advantage. YOU are picking the wrong side of the argument. 
A budget w/heartless cuts 2 essential services & programs 4 kids, families, elderly, disabled is NOT a positive step 4 Americans. Shameful!
Why not hold a townhall to discuss this with your constituents?  #realPa
Nope. You have to raise the debt ceiling for things we already agreed to pay for. Not raising it would cause a global economic meltdown
Hey, um, what about... ya know... sanity sanity?  Can we restore that??
Is it worth taking away social services that help the neediest among us?
Good luck with that, Pat!
Party over country, right?
Please put the poor, sick, & elderly first in the budget, not last. #RealPA #19015

Do you support Mulvaney attacking the NON-PARTISAN CBO? Or his $2 trillion math error in his budget?
As your constituent, I disagree
Wrong again [constituent here]
Adding anything to the debt ceiling seems like ur trying to shut the government down. Explain at town hall? Course not!
Does the stench of bull shit bother you when you tweet trash like this or have you just become used to the smell by now?
Spending reform is meaningless if it does not combine support for your constituents and ending welfare for rich and corporations.
@reqMickMulvaney is lying about his reverse Robin Hood budget. We weren't born yesterday.
Ironic since getting rid of him, you, and the rest of the Trumpettes would actually be the most sane thing this country could do.
The man has poor math skills!
Nothing about the budget is sane. It hurts most of us, while giving big tax breaks to the wealthy. Good thing you aren't running again!
And cuts for those with disabilities and tax breaks for the wealthy? How do you feel about that? How about a town hall to discuss?
You,trumptards and mulvaney are NOT representing the middle class. Have an open meeting and find out what WE WANT..NOT BILLIONARES.
Your tribe is bought and paid for by the rich. You place tribe/party before defense of the Constitution and constituents. IMPEACH DOLT45
The budget hurts the average American benefits only the wealthiest of Americans and We The People DO NOT SUPPORT IT AND NEITHER SHOULD YOU
Seriously, Toomey? Just stop. Stop.
Governing by brinksmanship and induced crises is an irresponsible method used only by partisan hacks who put party before national interest.
Well, I think Toomey and the rest of the GOP have clearly shown that they only care about party and not about national interest.
Walls with Mexico are not.
Would you say the same thing if Democrats wanted to attach a prohibition on tax cuts to the top 1%?
Cutting away at disability programs isn't sanity @SenToomey
Mulvaney? The guy trying to discredit the CBO? The guy double counting trillions in the budget. This is the opposite of sanity
Mulvaney attacks CBO credibility with partisan lies and his budget has a $2 TRILLION error. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Fiscally responsible, my A$$.
How about we also discuss income reform?
This is not the right day to come out in support of anything Mulvaney is doing, Senator.
Totally agree with u Pat--someone has to be the adult in Congress and make some hard choices about curtailing spending
Well Pat, the fiasco when you folks did this before w/Cruz's advice worked great. 
Or not.
I'm sure he's your kind of guy, Pat. Not only can he not count, he's all in for destroying the social safety net to fund the rich.
So is double counting income to get a tax bill passed.  And then cry like a bitch about GOP picked CBO officer who says plan sucks!
Mulvaney, the guy who made a two TRILLION dollar accounting error in his heartless budget? Really?
You mean taking money away from the elderly and low income and giving it to the wealthy. There's nothing sane about it
No.  Anything other than a clean debt-ceiling vote is deeply irresponsible and potentially dangerous to the US financial system.
Oh hi, Senator. Hold a town hall so we can discuss.
How can you speak FOR us if you never speak WITH us?
You're a tool.
Uh, NO.
Will you, at any time, stand up to this insanity? Do you care at all about your constituents? Stop following party line, do what's right.
What do u know about fiscal sanity? For 8 years u misunderstood the debt ceiling, now you think tax reform doesn't need 2B revenue neutral?
Fiscal sanity? Like tax cuts for rich & expecting economy to grow? Insanity=doing something again & again expecting different results!
Like believing factless,emotion-driven bankrupt lib narrative-lies about Trump,favoring insane "open borders",saying Islam is peaceful,etc.?
No, like denying basic math. Fools.
You can tweet from the Upside Down?
I'd love to hear more about why you support this move at a #townhall
Somehow i picture it as Mulvaney's support for Wall Street! Can we have a town hall to go over the details?
Good luck getting 50 votes Senator without Democrats, and explain the fiscal insanity at a town hall
Dems currently have NO interest in cooperating or doing ANYTHING constructive-only goal is to undermine and discredit Pres.Trump.

 Disgrace
And GOP has majority in House and Senate, as well as Executive branch. So, lucky for you, you don't need Dems, so what is GOP waiting for?
Tax the churches.
now imagine what we could do if you attached closing tax loopholes for corporations with an effective tax rate of 0.
What? Good lord - just do normal legislative debate and gradual change; stop trying to create crises to force painfully-abrupt cuts.
Fiscally sane to make a $2 trillion math error?
Yes, because there's nothing insane about promoting a budget with a $2 trillion math error, right Pat? Jesus, I can't wait to vote you out.
I'm with you. He forgets PA is not armed stayexand that he barely won
You're the worst.
