Your being in office has become the greatest experiment in frustration.  Listen to your constituents! @TuesdaysToomey @WhatsPatUpTo
Make sure the president is aware of this document. He's never said anything that makes me think he knows anything about it.
You have a lot of gall showing pride in Philly after smearing the city and misrepresenting #SanctuaryCities as unsafe.
Will you be voting to take health care away from millions of Americans? Please answer. Thank you.
and thieves like you have been destroying our traditions. #onthetaketoomey
Good, maybe you should celebrate by reading it
Healthcare is a right!  Your support of Trumpcare shows how little you care for you constituents! Talk to your constituents, listen to them!
Stop trying to repeal the ACA ( or flogging a dead horse). The people that demand repeal do not know how badly it will hurt them.
Your Orange Menace and GOP Congress has made this a failure
Life, (healthcare) liberty and the pursuit of  happiness.Single payer universal healthcare.
Tell@POTUS we have the right to sit or stand or take a knee in this great experiment #righttotakeaknee. Worry about people of PR not the NFL
How much have the Mercer's and Koche's paid you and that horrible party you belong to? How much has Putin paid? You don't work for PA.
for Gods sake and your own please do not repeal Obamacare
No to the #GrahamCassidy shit sandwich! #saveourcare #SavetheACA
Thank you Senator Toomey for celebrating our Constitution by supporting a traitorous President who violates it every day!
My family helped found this country so Trump could go to the UN an embarrass us with a speech about"Rocket Man" & "Losers" this has to stop!
US needs new Constitutn 2 prevent destructive economic inequality, ensure that ALL PEOPLE vote, restore Indigenous sovereignty & the Earth.
Is violence against women the way Trump celebrates our constitution? A response from you and Congress is needed!
can't believe I need to ask this AGAIN, but you could maybe not reduce healthcare funding OR throw millions off healthcare? #GrahamCassidy
Constitution. the right to life. Do NOT go against it by giving millionaires tax cuts and raising costs for seniors! No on Graham-Cassidy!
Hahahahahaha, as if you understand or respect the constitution?!?! This might be the funniest joke your twitter feed ever published!
You don't get to claim Philly while ignoring it. Have a town hall coward.
45 retweets image from neo nazi of assault on former FLOTUS, Senator, SecState. @SenToomey stares quietly at shoes. You sir are a disgrace.
Let's celebrate by coming up with a bipartisan fix for ACA. Single payer, Medicare for all. People before profits!
As if you cared. Your party and its bloated orange overlord piss on this document every day.
Nice post. Now why don't you stop trying to undermine or undo it. Or better yet, Resign. You are only still in office due to meddling.
Keep tweeting things that you could care less about. I'm tired of you paying lip service to things you then ignore!
vote no to trump care
The self part has been overwhelmed by big money. The people no longer have a real voice in government. That's why you are a Senator
VOTE FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS. VOTE NO
RESECT THIS DOCUMENT AND ITS AMENDMENTS> THE FIRST AMENDMENT gurantees the right to speak out, and to remain silent. On the football field.
& Now YOU & the GOP sit back and let Trump destroy it. WHY? Cause U's put PARTY over Country. SHAMEFUL!Im Lifelong Rep.who will be vot'n DEM
It is a great document.  Why, then, do you stand by and watch POTUS trample all over it on a daily basis and do NOTHING??
VOTE NO ON THE GRAHAM-CASSIDY ACA http://REPEAL.Show  the same courage as our forefathers for our Country and its citizens
Stop undermining our Constitution!!!
If we can keep it.  -paraphrasing B. Franklin
And you spend everyday trying to undo everything they have done.
If you'd believed that you wouldn't be trying to tear with apart!
We need you to put country over party, Senator. As soon as possible. Until you do, I cannot take you seriously as a patriot. #25thAmendment
And thanks to "representatives" like you, the Constitution has now completely jumped the shark.

Have you read the Constitution, Pat? Asking for a friend. #realPA
surprised you know where that is, pat! you're trying to defund us, remember?
But tomorrow will be another day of 45 breaking emoluments clause and GOP doing >0. See also: Garland, Merrill. James Madison wept.
Let's all hope Philly does exactly that...
Exercise the expression of our republic AND LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS.  NO TRUMPCARE.
So invoke the 25th and save us all from this unstable and unfit POTUS.
Quit!
You need to stop kissing ass playing follow the leader and do what's right for your constituents
Do you believe in physically assaulting women?

Donald Trump's amazing golf swing #CrookedHillary 
Wanted to make sure you saw this Senator toomey. Please uphold the dignity of the office of the president
#eatadick
Here is some reading material for you.  You swore to uphold this, in time I trust you will

http://www.heritage.org/constitution/articles/2/essays/100/standards-for-impeachment …

http://www.heritage.org/constitution/articles/1/essays/68/emoluments-clause …
So Y ru so eager to follow 45 who sh*ts all over it when u should be calling him out if u feel that way?Oh yeah,so he'll back ur senate run.
and then trump was elected, with your help
Go no on the Graham Cassidy bill 30 million without care is awful.
Now it is your turn to do what is right for the citizens (instead of your wealthy donors) and SAVE the ACA. Do NOT repeal!
Only so you guys can shit all over it by allowing trump to still be happening
@SenToomey,do you know the definition of self-governance?  You were elected to represent the people, not dictate to them. When is Town Hall?
Signers of our Constitution would be so embarrassed by President's tweet this morning of the golf ball hitting Hillary Clinton.  Comments?
Pennsylvania will b analyzed too. We KNO @GOP cheated whelp. @SenateGOP traitorous treasonous colluders
#impeach45
#unhackthevote
Why we think the Election was Hacked!
Lets look at a Down Ballot Judges Race in North Carolina.
This is everything!!…
You can do a lot better Senator if you really want it to succeed.
Tell speaker Paul Jacob said article1 sec8 clause 8 please Mr Pat
Are you going to institute sanctions against trump for threatening a former flotus?
Experiment, eh?
Doesn't seem to be working out as planned these days, thanks to people like you.
In case you didn't know, that's in Philly. You should hold a town hall here. And vote hell no on the Graham-Cassidy bill.
Not lately with 45. More like Kleptocracy and you are complicit. Grow some balls and represent your constituents you fake Christian.
But your work in healthcare doesn't seem to support the principals that made this nation great. Seems that you support your donors.
Too bad your busy trying to inject religious zealotry, military style policing and authoritarianism into our beautiful social philosophy.
And in 2017 you and your Republican buddies are destroying our Constitution.
But that doesn't mean you get to do whatever you want. You still represent the people and need to find out what they want.
A document you, the @GOP, and @realDonaldTrump take great pleasure in ignoring...
And we are now realizing the Constitution never established protections against a money-hungry narcissist the ruling party (GOP) won't stop
Please stop ignoring us and represent the will of Pennsylvanians, NOT your rich out-of-state benefactors.
I followed you to keep up on your positions and views but Christ almighty you're infuriating. Unfollowing. I just can't take it anymore.
What say you about Trump tweeting a gif of himself driving s golf ball into Hollary's back? Speak out you coward. Show us who you are
Oh please, you don't give a damn or show respect unless your Koch bros pay you. You don't actually have any real respect for constituents.
In celebration will you call out Trump on his disrespect of our democracy? Did you see his Hillary tweet? How do you remain silent? Coward.
And you, Mr & Mr Koch are destroying this experiment with Party & Profits over country & countrymen.
No comment about Trump promoting violence against HRC today? You're a disgrace to our democracy, just like him. #StillWithHer
That's really funny, Pat, because in THIS date in history, you're sitting back and watching the death of our democracy. But you got yours!
Sad that your party has twisted and manipulated our Founders intent to keep your fascist party in power.
And yet you betray it every day, through a conscious & active neglect of your duties while the country is being run by a corrupt kleptocrat
Too bad your buddy Trump is working on destroying our constitution.
And OTDIH 2017 we realize the weakness. Need #TermLImits or our government will self destruct. Too many crooks not representing the people.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Have you ever read the 25th Amendment? It's a good one.
It will be tons better when YOUR PAL TRUMP IS IMPEACHED!!!
Howevee your good friends the koch brothers wish to do away with it but you as Rubberstamp as you can be
You know what is neat, our constitution isn't corporate sponsored, unlike you. You should learn from that.
Your a desecration to it
And you continue to be complicit in supporting @realDonaldTrump and the current administration as they attack it & instill authoritarianism
You should “experiment” with town hall meetings open to the public and not arresting people who ask questions you don’t like.
You voted against the bill for hurricane relief? The Koch bros. won't save you when you run next time. #disgrace
@SenToomey, you have disgraced Pennsylvanians.  You vote against our beliefs in a fair society & economy, while in favor of our demise.
Too bad they didn't account for bought, partisan "servants" like @SenToomey, you spineless, plutocrat. You're an owned vote.
Self-governance requires our representatives to listen to us and address our concerns. You might want to try it. #realPA
& our Constitution says we can vote you out of office...failing to uphold the Constitution and Do Your Job.
..but you like the dirty $ more
Its only true self governance if the people have a say. Thats what town halls are for. Meet with your constituents, listen to our concerns.
Really? You knew that? How about ABIDING by it. Don't be a chump: DO NOT REPEAL THE ACA
I keep hoping someday you'll read it. But that's starting to feel like wishful thinking.
...and you continue to make a mockery of it.
It is great,! Why are you and  GOP trying to destroy it with gerrymandering, voter suppression and constant lies?
It would be nice if would still abide by the constitution. Wouldn't it?
Leave a msg today telling him to protect our healthcare. NO on Graham-Cassidy.
What are your thoughts about your fellow PA GOP rep who advocated knocking down protestors with his car embracing an ISIS tactic?
You should come to where they signed it. Have a town hall meeting.
Please remember the Constitution- Trump and YOU seem to forget it EVERY DAY! Emoluments!?! Why do u think it's okay for Trump to receive $$?
Founders must be proud of a prez who thinks hitting women is head w/golf ball is funny. You voted for and support a child prez. Sad.
And which the current President is eagerly disassembling with your assistance!
You wouldn't know this document-or the building it was signed in-if it bit you on the ass.
coward
Too bad you forgot what you were supposed to do the minute you took office.
So are you giving Donnie a copy as it really shows he never read it before. Maybe you should re-read it as well.
That would be a fool's errand. Not enough pictures for DJT to give it more than a glance.
A document that POTUS has literally never read and wouldn't begin to comprehend. You have allowed this to happen.
Country over party, senator. Country over party.
Keep obamcare and stop the stupid Republican plan that will take from our state to give to red states. No!
It was fun while it lasted
As you and your party unravel all of their work.
Dude, you know that building is in Philly right? The place you're terrified of? And the place that dislikes you?
