And yet you are too busy to hold a town hall. If you are proud of your record, you have nothing to hide. Please meet w us.
I suggest that you start putting country ahead of party. I suggest that you demand a select committee to investigate Dolt-45 and Russia.
You are a coward, and dangerous to America.
which means let the thieves who own me do whatever they want. #onthetaketoomey
Do you think mergers are creating unhealthy levels of monopolistic concentrations in our economy?
Maybe you will talk about Citizens United & the real need for campaign finance reform.
Hopefully they asked you why you refuse to meet with your constituents...
Pat Toomey is a tool of the #GOP #Resist @womensmarch @RoguePOTUSStaff
Toomey you are so corrupt, we don't believe you because you can be bought #votehimout
Few minutes, can you spare it? Just an idea, how about a town hall meeting
- any comment about bannons removal ?  Maybe he can help financial reform ?
Let's do this in front of your constituents.
God forbid you should discuss it with your constituents... Financial reform hurts the middle class, the young and the poor.
it would be nice to hear you working for us for a change instead of the corporations that bought you.
Toomey is the worst! Most of PA can't wait for him to leave office!
Vote no to Gorsuch... stand up for working class constituents - not corporations - for a change.
A town hall would be greatly appreciated - your constituents need to have a place to speak their minds
DON'T DO IT! You know it's WRONG! It's dangerous to Our Democracy. America deserves better! Be honest! #changethenominee #StolenSeat
We don't need a rabid conservative ruling on the most important cases in the land. He has been nothing but evasive and proven himself unfit!
Your facial expression says "confidence" if anything, lol.
You certainly seem to enjoy talking to the news more than you enjoy talking to your constituents.
I will do everything in my power to make sure you are not elected again.
There with you- unfortunately that is a long way off. Let's start by getting rid of house republicans.
How about a live town hall iin Bucks or Phila county? A real town hall in a real building with real people . #realPA
Too much of a PU**Y to do it on his own turf...
Useless
America is not a corp. its By ppl 4 ppl. Dont cut #CFPB or privatize #HUD or our infrastructure. Fix our bridges, roads Work w @SenBobCasey
I strongly support protecting and strengthening the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. How about you, Senator?
You only want what's good for RICH..TRICKLE DOWN DOES NOT WORK..KEEP YOUR HAND OFF SS AND MEDICARE
Are you going to discuss the Koch Brothers and all the money they've thrown at you to buy your vote? #TheResistance #NotMySenator
You and the rest of Congress are taking pay cuts and giving up your free healthcare?  How many days do you work again?
Do not support the extreme nuclear option. You ran as a moderate. The Court is functioning with 8 judges. We can wait for consensus nominee.
Senator would love to see you hold a town hall meeting with constituents to discuss issues important to them
While we're at it, where do you stand on the importance of antitrust statutes for fostering competition in markets?
The most unregulated financial sectors inflicted the most damage to our country in 2008.
Just another day screwing the American tax payer in favor of dark money and corporate business interests.
Let me guess: you suppt the fed
 govt foreclosing on student loans, roll back Dodd frank & states can't help the poor w retirement planning
Say it to my face. #TownHall
It's the Yellowbellied Trumpsucker!
Vote no on Gorsuch and to ending filibuster. He is not even a good conservative canidates. Pick country over party for once.
I know, I know, why start now.
So tax cuts for rich and corporations. More military spending. More takes and less support for poor and middle class.
He's alive!
By "reform" you mean "rigging the system so my rich out-of-state donors get richer." Could you re-read your job description, please?
We, in PA,will finally get 2 see u. Since the Pres election when u refused 2say who u we're supporting, u have revealed urself 2b a coward.
How about joining your constituents for a discussion? @TuesdaysToomey
You do not need Trump.  Realize this and fight for America against a con man and possible Russian agent.
2/ shouldn't be able to make lifetime appointments to branches of government. #realPA #noonGorsuch
1/ Like the fact that a POTUS who's being investigated for interfering with an election by collusion with foreign agents
@SenToomey  Question, how did YOU tweet this, if you are holding your phone? Putz!
where you actually stay and listen to your constituents discuss their feelings on issues #realPA
I sincerely look forward to supporting whoever challenges you when you're up for re-election. Supporting 45 is akin to supporting treason.
You'll be home next week ,when and where will we see you!
How about answering your phones & having a town hall to answer your constituents, Mr. Toomey?
We need to see DJT'S tax returns before you do one more thing!
@SenToomey as ur constituent I ask that you vote NO to #Gorsuch who has historically ruled against women's right, children w/ disabilities
No lifetime appointments during an active counter-intelligence investigation!
If all you do is vote with the party,  why should we vote for you instead of any other Republican in the primary?
You don't look like a Katie
Also! Maybe discuss reform in Town Hall policy?? Because I don't like your current "ignore the people" plan you have.
Quick someone take a picture Pat Toomey has come out of hiding
Did he see his shadow?  POS!
Dear trolls...
I smell borscht!
Dear trolls, twt history does not go away it exposes you all for the paid frauds that you are. Real people who use twitter can easily c this
Say no to Gorsuch and pick someone more moderate, show EFFORT in attaining unity w/dems.
How about a live town hall to discuss with constituents?
Trying to find more ways to hide all those kickbacks and payola, eh Pat?
How does it feel to be worthless
You are a bought and paid for rubber stamp. No mandate. @KatieMcGintyPA was the better choice. You are a coward.
Who is this man, PA residents never see him. He is a fraud and a Republican puppet. What a shame we stuck with him for another term.
Your version on the Official White House rubberstamp i will sign version????
Disappointed constituent I don't understand why you are hitching ur wagon to this train wreck admin?!
Can we get more than a few minutes warning????
I think you'll find, if you look in a dictionary, that when you say "reform," you actually mean "vandalism."
We would love to see you here in PA instead of on TV. We are only 3 hours from Washington, so you have no excuse. #TownHall #Indivisible
I am retired. You were my Senator. I was so disappointed with your being reelected, that my wife and I moved to Massachusetts
Maybe you could also discuss how your vote is for sale? Maybe announce a town hall while you're at it?
@morningmika @MorningJoe The president who did nothing was Obama.  Trump has been in charge for 70 days
Russialover!
Vote against blowing up the filibuster, or vote for it and be sorry when your evil party loses the legislative branch in 2018. #stopgorsuch
Repeal Obamacare now, let the market replace it. Stop spending and lower taxes and regulation. Shrink the government. Just do it!
Yet you still are too afraid to meet with your constituents face to face at a townhall. #realPA
