That chart doesn’t really prove your tax point
#MythVsFact
2+2=5? Because that's what you are peddling!
The only benefit from a small business tax cut is that the owner gets to upgrade to a Mercedes.

The GOP budget cuts Medicare by $473B and Medicaid by $1 trillion, all in order to reduce taxes for the top 1%. It’s shameful.
I like the part where you falsely equate money for corporations with money for employees. Just quit, and let a thinking person take over.
This proves you don't know history or economics!  Who ever voted for you?!?!?
I CALL BULLSHIT STOP LYING TO US AND DO THE RIGHT THING FOR US TAXPAYERS NOT CORPORATIONS.WE PAY YOUR SALARY  AND WE CAN TAKE IT AWAY!!!
No. We see right through you, monster
The lowest tax bracket would receive a 2% spike while the rich would get a 3-4% decrease.  Once again tax breaks for the rich. #TaxFairness
American corps are sitting on cash reserves larger than they have ever had before. Where is this trickle down you keep touting?
You know what helps, Pat? Making sure average Americans are able to participate in the economy and trickle down has never done that.
LIE, LIE, LIE!
Dear @SenToomey:

Trump is making a mockery of our free press.  Will you stand for democracy or do you only save criticism for Democrats?
Oh ok. I guess I'll believe you're little promo ad with fun colors. How was I ever lead astray?

“Not JUST”???  So you admit that the plan aids Corp over people??
Wrong.
Do some real research and some real work. Next...
you're quite delusional. Who comes up with your "facts"? Nothing you propose benefits your constituents. Ever.
I don’t understand the infographic, none of those numbers bolsters your so-called fact. (They are extraneous facts.) Where is the study?
Corporations ALREADY don't pay their share. Why are you, a Senator paid by tax payers, pushing tax policies that will hurt most people.
@SenToomey why aren't you in Harrisburg tonight with your overlord Trump while he lies to truckers about how #taxreform will benefit them?
It’s not reform if rich &big business get tax breaks & rest of us lose our deductions for mortgage & state/local taxes Pa deserves better!
What about the giant loophole that doesn't tax companies on overseas earnings?
Liar, liar... #TaxReform only benefits your donors. That is all you care about: money for re-election campaign.
Nobody said it *doesn't*, goofball. It *disproportionately* benefits them.  Want to help mid/low class? Cut directly. Trickle down is fraud.
Talk to someone who doesn't make 6 figures.   How about those making 20 k a year.   You sir are a liar.
#TaxReform will cost us more. Increase to standard deduction won’t offset loss of personal exemptions.  No estate tax only helps top 1%.
So tell me, as a small biz owner, how this will actually help me. All I see are more loopholes for people with expensive lawyers.
nice chart, the blue and yellow look really great and I like the perfect circles too.
boy, u just keep tweeting the crap out of this fiction. minimum wage increase happen yet?????
Liar.
My company isn't going to pay me more because its taxes go down. Plus I'm not a big enough stockholder  for it to matter there
look at average wages the "corporations" pay. Trickle down to pay for life necessities only. Cut middle class taxes first! Then we can buy!
Nope! Doesn't help because middle class is screwed evrytime"tax cuts" come around. We're the reason we even have an economy! We SPEND the $$
MOST small biz pay taxes as INDIVIDUALS. U raise their tax rates & LIMIT deductions. TAXES small biz
Ur all hype  #Toomey
#PA07
NO Patricia (sic- because you are a PUSSY), it benefits rich cocksucking pieces of shit like you and your fat asshole buddy trump~
The jobs don’t mean shit when they pay a pittance. Corporations will pocket the tax cut for the executives like always. #Fightfor15
"Directly" benefits workers by benefitting their  corporate employers? You  mean "indirectly" ya dingus.
um. this looks a heck of a lot like a marketing piece. what are your sources for these stats?
More @GOP lies and rhetoric. All you care about is helping the rich and screwing the rest of us
And you lie without coming up for air. All your words are like stagnant air, and they words seem older than you.
Cutting half a billion from Medicare to give tax cuts to your wealthy donors doesn’t help s stage Americans. Stop lying.
It’s pretty apparent that your constituents think you’re scum. Stand up for the people not corporations, or step down.
say it louder
I still don't believe it
heh...
You are a liar.
These economics are trickling all over my face.
PLEASE.. stop with the voodoo economics. We know this is just not true.
Trickle down economics didn't work in the 80's, won't work now.
Dear Mr. Senator - You work for the people of Pennsylvania. Please make sure that deductions for local and property taxes are preserved.
More voodoo BS trickle-down economics from the GOP.  Business only hire or pay raises when the ROI supports it not because of altruism
Looking forward to paying more taxes as a middle class taxpayer. And to ballooning deficits
Just because you use colors does not make it a fact. Please cite one independent source.
That's BS and you know it! You lie just like a politician
Raising the minimum wage to a living wage guarantees a benefit to workers!
Do you know how it feels to be trickled down upon "senator"? The lies never go away.  #liar #TimMurphy #whydontyoujustgoaway
HOW DOES ELIMINATING THE ESTATE TAX HLEP THE MIDDLE CLASS- JUST ADDS TO THE DEFICIT - WE HAVE TO PAY FOR IT- TERRIBLE TAX POLICY! VERY SAD
Still waiting for your thoughtful explanation of your vote against CHIP (kids) in committee!
Yeah because trickle down economics worked so well for us before...
But it is pork barrel time for the big ones. #TaxFairness You can do better. Remember that deficit thing? #protectmedicare
Look Toomey. You have joined Mitch as the worst liar on the Hill. We must get you OUT of office. ASAP. Pa. Deserves the truth.

You are LYING
I pay more % taxes than large corporation do, and this bill will widen that gap. Republican bull.
More OLD Republican lies, it didn't work in the 80s it won't work now
Seriously? You're as delusional as the FAKE @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  Proposed tax reform benefits the 1%
So please tell me with great precision what budget cuts will be made to offset these revenue losses.  Hint:  Biggest pot is DoD.
Then why not structure corp tax brackets so small biz can more effectively compete while still bringing in needed revenue from big corps?
Tax cuts directed to the rich and big corps then and trusting that it will trickle down to workers? You've tried that before. Fail.
This tax bill is a SHAM!!!
PA Voters DO NOT WANT IT!!
#MythvsFact fact: HW was right when he called this nonsense voodoo economics thirty years ago

Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
Fuzzy math now used to convince Americans we all pay lower taxes and it doesn't increase our $20T debt. Truth is only the rich will benefit.
Benefits them by allowing them to pocket more money and become richer, NOT "trickle-down" as proven over and over! #screwingtheMiddleClass
#Taxreform may help biz owners but not the little people that you are charged to represent. #Sad Hold a Townhall and let’s talk about it! 
Who paid for the graphic with no proof?  Us!  Trickle UP does not work, and will aim us to recession or worse.  Check your history.
Liar
Ask Kansas how that is working out. It's not.
But what directly benefits workers is raising the minimum wage, health care, and clean drinking water @SenToomey
Stop with the lies and talking points. This plan is going nowhere!
Will they pay all workers at least $15 per hour? Paid maternity & paternity leave? Paid sick days? Paid overtime? Health insurance?
For some silly reason I still expect elected officials to represent the people.
Not Wall Street. so much for that idea
Dear Person Who Tweets for Toomey. get creative. We know theses tweets are paid for by the Koch Brothers, so what the hell, have some fun!
Have you taken any Mercer money?
Wow Pat, not one person on this thread agrees with you as always. How are you still in office? You just don't hear your constituents
Neutral economic studies have shown that 80% of the benefit of corp tax cuts goes to shareholders not workers.  Your statement is incorrect.
Pat Toomey, NO #TaxReform without Trump releasing his taxes. The USA is not feudal serfdom where we serve the Trump empires bidding #Shame
Toomey does nothing 4the employees. He only works4 the http://employers.Tax  cuts will not help workers. Definitely help owners. Hypocrite
It's never has before and it won't this time .Pat Toomey is a liar and worse than that he is a Trump sycophant on the take .disgraceful
Bullshit! Screwing the Seniors, our Children and the Poor and Middle Class.
What's wrong with the GOP
Lying liar Roomey. No growth ever came from trickle down, this is a give away to the wealthy on the backs of the poor and middle class
You are such a lying stooge Toomey.

No, no, no it doesn't.
The the proposed #TaxReform is #FraudulentTrickleDownEconomics.
#gunsense bill please NOW
This graphic is pointless, who benefits all depends on the details of the plan
Your graphics don't mean shite. Trickle down hasn't ever worked, since it's inception. Raising the minimum wage however does. #ToomeyLies
19464. Please provide a verifiable source for your “facts”. #realpa needs real facts not fuzzy math #beentheredonethat
I'd love to see you donate all the blood money you received from NRA to the victims of Vegas mass shooting.
So we are supposed to extrapolate from your array of factoids benefits for workers as distinct from financial gain for corporations.
Liar
Here's an idea. Hold a live, unscripted, open town hall so we can all discuss trickle down economics.
What kind of jobs. Low paying minimum wage jobs. The kind of jobs that makes the working poor. The kind where U have to work 2 to survive.

Corporate tax breaks have NEVER flowed down to the worker. Maybe if you ever worked a job, you'd know that. Keep sucking that silver spoon.
IBM has more employees in India than the US, but you keep doing absurd Pat. I've got a great idea- resign, like your PA GOP cohort.
Over half my lifetime I’ve watched the GOP repeat this lie.  Trickle down economics doesn’t work &adding to the debt is foolish.
You tried all this #MythVsFact stuff on us with healthcare, and you were lying to us then. Why should we believe you now?
And this is why weasels like you are trying hard to screw your constituents.
Lies!!


So much for Republicans bitching about the deficit. #deplorable #trumptrain #trump #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Not just large multinational corporations"?! Seriously? I don't think they need to be anywhere on the list of beneficiaries.
Small biz and large multinational corporations can get money to hire and invest from middle class spending their tax cut. #dothattoomey
YOU CONTINUE TO LIE, SENATOR. STOP.
Pat, for being a Catholic, shame on you for lying.  Please produce backup rather than say numbers
Scam artist. I can’t wait to organize and volunteer for your opponent in 2022. You’re the worst kind of politician. Following orders for $$$
Your trickle down can go right down your pants.
Looks like it takes away healthcare and destroys our health insurance system. But you rich cats get yours on the road to hell!
You're screwing your constituents and the rest of America and it's all for one thing - $$$$$$$ in your pocket. Happy? Quit!
Corporate #TaxReform directly benefits highly paid CEOs. Not just large multinational corporations. (And also my campaign).
Why do you even HAVE a twitter account. I have never seen a positive response to anything you have said or done...
Toomey you know that this is a load of horse shit. Trickle down does not work. Never has, never will. You and your GOP buddies are jagoffs.
You voted against CHIP in committee, no tweet to explain that????
Also a myth: The corporations that get the cash actually pass it on to the workers.
Really? Details & not pretty diagrams please. My guess is you have no idea what you are pushing. Anything for power? Don't lie... for once.
Toomy is following Con Man Don's example and lieing to our face. This bill will also hurt Pennsylvanians.
Do you agree with Secretary Tillerson’s appraisal of President #Trump’s intellectual capacity?
Funny numbers.  I have been crunching numbers and don't see how this is going to marginally benefit small businesses or middle class.

TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS DOES NOT WORK!  Reagan proved this. Please learn from history
We need import tariffs, Labor disparage is the single biggest advantage that China and other enjoy! We import more than export!
Photoshop skills A+
Economic Analysis F
What are your sources for these "facts"?

I'm old enough to remember when GHWB called this "voodoo economics."

He was right.

#16412
It worked real well when Reagan was in office didn’t it??? Just the big shots benefit not the average worker.
No one believes you!
LOL.
Lies. This is lies
Lie.  LIE. L I E  Cuts to rich stay w  rich proven over and over
Do you have citations for any of those facts?
You’re a lying sack. You’re cutting corporate and paying for it by reducing middle class deductions and health care for the elderly & poor.
Seriously, what kind of pill do you take every morning to continue to lie to people this way? Or maybe you just think we’re idiots?
Liar. All the *direct* benefits to corporations and the rich, and then (sad attempt to make it seem ok), only *indirect* benefits to others.
Hey spineless--have you read the replies--NO ONE BELIEVES YOU. NO ONE BELIEVES YOU. NO ONE BELIEVES YOU.  Did it get through yet?
This trickle down bs has been the prevailing economic theory for 30 plus years.  Hasn't worked yet.  Find a new plan.
Nope.
WRONG. Anyone can write shit on paper. Facts prove this doesn't work the way you knuckleheads are blabbing. #MORONS
OOOH! Someone on staff learned some more design elements! Neat-o.
Would have been more impactful with steaming piles of - because that what #trickledowntrumpenomics is. #GaslightingAmerica #goplies
No it doesn't, don't lie
When I look at this all I see is .
yes sir, make sure you SPIN it good!  Ma and Pop small business's R not going 2 see a PENNY from ur tax giveaway to super rich.
None of the facts you listed are directly linked to taxes. You just stated a bunch of info about PA businesses.
Who R U sending these tweets out to Pat?  Because we're NOT buying what you're selling!!!  Keep convincing yourself!!
This is misleading and goes against numerous facts & studies, also even a middle school student knows to include sources, what are yours?
How about ending mass shootings then focusing on helping your corporate donors? #taxreform
Can you cite your sources?
Im trying to find a supporting reply here can someone point me to it?
This shows that many people work at/with companies. I'm not going to benefit by you giving the CEOs of my company tax breaks
All lies.
Again I ask, Huh?
Keep fucking that chicken. @TuesdaysToomey @TuesToomeyHBG @TuesdayToomeyLV @WhatsPatUpTo
Anyone with some design skills care to make their own "myth vs fact" sheet we can share far and wide? @pghDSA @DemSocialists
Yes, but benefit for low/middle wage workers is a fraction of that for 1% hence ever growing and absurd wealth inequality.  No thanks.
That's not how I understand it sir.
Trickle down economics is old useless like you. Trickle down economics makes rich richer, and no proof they invest. trickling down on poor
Your brochure is pretty but it’s incorrect.
You are really mounting a major snow job with this tax reform effort. Must have been given extra $$ from the Koch Bros. #GOP #Dems
There have been multiple articles saying this puts a tax burden on the middle class.
Corporations have to be forced to pay workers better wages. Have a town hall in Pittsburgh and we'll give you a history lesson. #MoronPat
Increased wages directly benefit workers. Tax reform, economic growth that's hoped for (not guaranteed)and gutting ACA benefit the wealthy.
We don't believe you.
How bad does it have to get for Rethuglican voters to realize trickle down is a hoax that guarantees the rich get richer.
Whatever you say, Senator.
It will not increase salaries or bring jobs to the country! We tried this under Reagan and Bush and it just raised the deficit!
Who pays for your bullshit infographics?
What an asshole how does he know? Mark Cuban says no nee hobs will be created
And kills the middle class! We can’t afford tax cuts if we have to raise the debt ceiling and SS and Medicare are in peril!
We've heard this before. All Lies. Cut in Medicare and CHIP, which Kills Children, Elderly, Poor & Sick People. All to benefit the 2%. 
Why do I find that hard to believe?
50% of Hard-working Americans have less than 1% of the country's wealth. You're suggesting we reward those who benefit from that imbalance.

Not grasping the American people, your constituency is against Tax Reform and you're proceeding to ignore our voice, our decision and needs.
But, also multinational corporations?
#WealthCare
Wrong corporate tax cuts cause stagnant wages. Low wages hurt small businesses bc not enough people can spend $$  on nonessentials
FACT: A graphic picture does not equal fact
I just don’t understand HOW #taxreform benefits workers.  Corporations can do what they want with the money.
i like how he says, "not just..."
Pahleeze!
Fake news
Do you actually believe this yourself or are you just hoping the masses fall for it so your corporate buddies make their $$$?

