Address Trump TREASON first
do you have a passion for PA? Why don't you come here and tell us at a town hall?
.@SenToomey - does he also share your passion of hiding from your constituents & taking tons of Koch bros $$$$? @TuesdaysToomey
A strong Israel? Human rights violators! Deny visas to HR investigators!
... uh... how about a strong passion for your constituents in Pennsylvania??
I want them strong too. Just don't tax me to do it.
Friedman is a racist! I say that as a Jewish American who loves the State of Israel.Why are you on the wrong side of EVERY issue?
What about the Palestinians?
TIME FOR A SELECT, INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION WITH A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TO LOOK AT THE TREASON OF TRUMP + RUSSIA!!!!!
why don't you share that "passion" with your Constituents???
Always on wrong side, Tombstone, and steady creating train wrecks. Israel is apartheid state. We need to stop sending arms money.
WHY DON'T YOU PUT REPUBLICAN ON YOUR TWITTER HEADER? NOT SO PROUD TO BE ANYMORE? I WOULDN'T BE EITHER! NO VOTES FOR YOU NEXT  
Seems @POTUS Threw them under the bus by telling the Russians classified info huh SAD !
. Friedman said members of J Street were like Jews assisting Nazis at Dachau. He will make Israeli-Palestinian relations worse.
Ugh GROSS when you voted to spread our #IP information for profit was Israel in on the deal?? #payforplay
Passion for Israel when it only suits you
SMH, you confirmed an Ambassador that will only destabilize Israel and Palestine even more with my tax dollars
great. What are your thoughts about the healthcare bill that will leave millions stranded? #killthebill
Stop taking photo ops and talk to your constituents!!  Have a town hall meeting!!  You are such a coward and not deserving.
Israel can't survive without the 2state solution.
Please work to create homeland for both Israelis and Palestinians and achieve peace for all in this region.
Happy that you have something to share with someone since you don't share with the people! #gonein2022
How about listening to your constituents? Healthcare? And stop conflating (((us))) with policy on Israel. #Tuesdayswithtoomey
at least you could've had the common courtesy to let us know you'd be Trump's lap dog.
wow you are happy a Zionist got the job. How much did AIPAC pay you? #GoldStarDad https://youtu.be/HGjoqwtiH-0 
How about a passion for actually representing your constituents and voting based on their input?
And what about you voting no on the trumpcare bill? This is what is important now. Or are you just another trumphole?
more passion then you have for you constituents. :-(
it is obvious u won only with Russian help! U refuse to listen to your voters, pa needs their healthcare!
u refuse to meet face to face with voters, hiding from town halls! The voters will not forget u r a #trump puppet!
sir you're a paid shill for AIPAC  clueless in so many ways  & you better not repeal ACA #GoldStarDad
sir you are a paid shill for AIPAC  clueless in so many ways & you better not repeal ACA #GoldStarDad
Vote No on #AHCA #PayMoreforLess. 24 million would lose health insurance. What then???
VOTE NO to Trump Ryan care!!
How about feeling a strong passion for your constituents' needs? #townhall #listen
how about a passion for a strong Pennsylvania! Answer your phone and listen to the voters who put you in office! YOU WORK FOR US!
As a constituent, a Jew, & a zionist- terrible decision. He is an extremest with zero diplomatic experience. Shame on you.
Seriously! How about putting country before party?? Save healthcare for the poor and disabled!
I'm a Jewish constituent and I have serious concerns about David Friedman. I would actually like it if you could #SavetheACA
really... With all that is going on... You really do not care about Pennsylvanian s...
really why would he believe you? Consider your political expediency in not endorsing Trump....whoops and the you do
Sen Genius: Can you think of anything more creative to say?
wish you shared a strong compassion for your Pennsylvania constituents@!
do you also share a passion for calling liberal Jews "Nazi sympathizers?" Because Friedman does. #recalltoomey
you know who is a "Nazi sympathizer?" Sebastian Gorka. We haven't heard a peep from you on that. #shameful
How about a shared passion for cutting the arts and sciences for more weapons?  Do you have that in common?
must be night since there is a Toomey post. #vampire
What about Palestine? We need peace. Palestine needs peace.
do you have a passion for #Pennsylvania? If so, when will you meet with the people you represent?
FYI Israel provides healthcare for its citizens- so follow their lead and don't repeal the Affordable Care Act!
too bad yo don't care about us, your constituents
you should show that much passion for your constituents.
Please explain. A Jew who calls other Jews Nazis is now the Ambassador to Israel. How do you rationalize? It is abhorrent.
.@SenToomey if you love Israel please speak out against virulent anti-Semite Bannon sitting on NSC and advising Predident.
vote no to ACA repeal and replace bill...it will harm most of your constitutes.  Stand up for your religious teachings! #SaveACA
Pat what r u  doing? Just toting that party line, whistling past the graveyard, screwing over ur constituents. Man up or resign!
I wish you cared as much about Pennsylvania as you do Israel
...you work for us, right? So, what do you do all day? Cause I'm not seeing anything your doing for PA
@jstreet @haaretzcom too bad that Friedman's version of strong isn't that of many Israelis--or Americans.
awesome, how about a town hall with your constituents to brief us on your positions, we are waiting
How about a passion for a strong and healthy America?Priorities! #TuesdayswithToomey @TuesdaysToomey
Not impressed!!  We'll see about your support for a strong health care program!!
I'm a Jewish constituent who abhors the illegal settlements he supports. They destroy the fabric of a Jewish Democratic state.
Try showing some passion for your constituents!  You could not care less about us!  #Deplorable #NotMySenator #ProtectOurCare
Please reject Trumpcare!  I am a Republican and it scares me.  Your #rubberstamp is making people like me leave the party
Becsuse it is clear that party no longer cares about the country or its people.  Be more like John McCain
Why not tell us all about it at a town hall?
does he also share your passion for being a douche nozzle?
you must also share a passion for erasing Obama. Today you voted to undo internet regulations that benefit companies. Comrade.
Does the new Ambassador have a passion for town halls.... unlike yourself!
We need a select committee with an independent prosecutor to look into tRump's ties to the Russians who attacked our country!
Did you guys discuss inviting Sebastian Gorka the grand opening of the new American embassy in Jerusalem? #askingforafriend
only supports a storing Israel until it conflicts with party. Then he chooses party.  So Gorka gets to stay.
VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE.  Americans deserve better.  You've had 7 years.  Still nothing!  SLOW DOWN GET IT RIGHT #ImpeachTrump
They can only occupy the Palestinian lands for so long! The don't want to solve the problem just play the victim.
Do you care about a strong US?  Why aren't you doing anything about Trump's ties to Russia?
Continuing question....what is in this for you?  Must be something personal.  Surely no desire to serve the people of PA.#corrupt
#KUSHNER #CONFLICTOFINTEREST.
VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE
how about a strong America!!! Tend to your own backyard sen!!! America is falling apart and much of the damage is irreparable!!
As usual you don't tell PA citizens where you stand on important issues. Repeal and replace Pat Toomey.
Too bad you don't have a passion for Pennsylvania ! How about meeting with us! TOWN HALL IN ERIE!
a passion for a strong #USA would be great, too - but here we are with you - a Trump voter putting party before country.
too bad you don't care about your PA constituents as much!  Come out of hiding and hold a town hall!
Hope ya'll crying for town hall meetings & answers remember this in 2023. We need to do more than just vote. RESIST & support his opponent
crawl back in your hole. Your constituents don't want to hear your BS until you have some town hall meetings.
Did you check with Trump and Russia?  Doormat Senators like you can't make a move without them!
How about a passion for protecting the health care of the poor and elderly? Or speaking out against a corrupt administration?
Toomey has a passion for his pocket and ego #cantbetrusted#kharmaislookingforpat#sleepwithoneeyeopen
Hope that's all you share. Try to distance yourself with a little STATESMANSHIP and concern for TWO STATE SOLUTION.
spout off about h. care bill Toomey we some guidance NOW
are you even aware of the real issues facing your constituents. Please stop this inane photo op shit everyday. #onthetaketoomey
I find it hard to believe that you share a passion for anything.
ask him how he feels about Pennsylvania.  Maybe HE can run things around here,  Someone has to.
I know you're the junior senator but I wish you showed even an inkling of leadership & governance beyond the Senate candy dish. 
You never speak out until you've determined it to be safe. You obviously put party before country. It's shameful.
Pennsylvania deserves better. If you don't stand for this country, you know you're tying yourself to #TrumpRussia, right?
You have your seat until 2022. Standing up to 45 & his corrupt administration isn't going to unseat you. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY.
We could always try to get Pennsylvania to enact a repeal in replace law. Don't like em, boot em out.
So you consider liberal Zionists "kapos" also?  I sure hope not. You consider settlements a high priority too? I hope not. Senator listen2us
please lead an independent investigation of the @potus. Please your country needs you, pa needs you
Does the ambassador know your a coward that doesn't meet with constituents? #TrumpCoward #Trumpcare
resign
unable to reach you on phone. I hope you do not do anything to take away healthcare to the poor and disabled as I vote andtalk
fine, but until you denounce a white supremacist on the NSC, you are not fooling this Jewess.
Did you vote to sell our browsing histories?  I bet you did.
You need to have a Town Hall to address the questions of your constituents ... to state and explain your policy positions
Cool cool cool what about keeping your constituents alive/protecting the fabric of our democracy? Would love to hear a position!
too bad you don't have that same passion for Pennsylvania or the USA
Thank you for always being such a great friend to Israel!! 
Look at that! Does Friedman live in PA? I do and I'd love a meeting! Town hall!
did he again call us Capos
Who do you work FOR
well senator, don't believe ur Jewish, therefore u have utterly no idea how abhorrent this man is in the eyes of the majority of Jews
What the hell have you been doing?
What about your phones
What about the budget
We need a strong Israel/don't people understand other than Israel the rest of the middleast hate us very much
Your alive!!!!! What about healthcare?
well, he could just be propped up in the chair. Or a robot. An uncaring automaton.
oh so u r pretending u r working? I hope u vote NO on the health care bill & no on the SCOTUS nominee.
You've only exhibited passion for making the rich richer & punishing rest of us. How much did the amb pay you for your support?
.@SenToomey do you also share a passion for supporting settlements categorized as illegal by international law?
How about a strong PA?  How about spending some time IN your state with your constituents? Vote No AHCA!  #TuesdayswithToomey
he's voting for "trumpcare". He has no interest in his constituents or who pays his check  #majorasskisser
I wish you had the passion for you country that'd allow you to defend it from its government. #Russia   #rubberstamp
you do realize that your ISP will sell YOUR data, too, right? You are not exempt.
I wish you had a passion for doing the will of your constituents.
