Simpler is good but it's a fact that MOST of the benefit goes to the very rich- and there should be no tax "reform" til we see Trump's taxes
John McCain will block it
Would appreciate you fighting for the people instead of your rich cronies. I don't hate many people, but you are 1 of them. Traitor to PA.
No data that corporate tax cuts result in job growth. If I missed a study, send me the reference and I will read and comment.
Really? You are smarter than that. You know he lies in bed with business and does not care about regular people
End corporate welfare. It doesn't trickle down. The money stays with the CEOs!
Now is not the time for anything but standing up to Trump before he destroys everything that matters. Taxes can wait.
Time for you to resign is now.
@TheJokerMouce @POTUS Too bad @DNC is not going to help until thy get their pork spending for wasteful projects.and policies.
So sad, so true. We've got to vote these ppl out and investigate, indict, and convict when we can!
elminate deductability of 401k contributions to reduce corporate rate? no thanks.
Instead, can we just have a national day of prayer for rich people?
So it's a good idea to tax 401k, limit mortgage deductions Exactly how does this benefit your constituents?
You're an immoral liar supporting the racist and traitor @realDonaldTrump. Together you're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
Remember the Bush 2 era tax cuts? The rich shipped jobs overseas and kept the money for THEMSELVES! 

Tax cuts for rich kill economy
I'd like to stop paying my portion of military spending. It's too much. I'll gladly pay more for education, healthcare and the environment.

There’s nothing new about the Trump/GOP “tax reform plan,” it’s the same effort to give tax breaks to the top 1% #NotOnePenny
Can you say that with a straight face
Translation: Tax the middle class, remove aid to the poor and disaster victims, give billions to the rich. SHAME ON YOU!
This PA job creator is excited to use the skills learned when the last GOP president and his tax code caused an economic meltdown!
And don't forget Reagan and trickle down economics...another disaster.
When is the time for working on behalf of your constituents?
There's no there, there.
Trickle Down Economics doesn't work! Regan has already proven this! More in Poverty and Started a Recession
How about rescue efforts in #Texas first? One thing at a time. That's the attention span @realDonaldTrump has! @RoguePOTUSStaff @SenBobCasey
@TheJokerMouce @POTUS Too bad @DNC is not going to help until thy get their pork spending for wasteful projects.and policies.
Aka trickle down give the ultra wealthy a tax break? yeah usually ends badly @AdamBercosky
Yes, it is and when MC Americans pay more taxes than Apple something's wrong. Breakup Big business to much power in the hands of 5-6 people.
Your support of Trump puts you on the wrong side of history. Tax reform is only for you and his cronies. Sad
 #MAGA
Now is the time to reform  POTUS. Way more important than taxes. &Pat, tax cuts for wealthy? We're not in favor of more for Koch bros.
You haven't tweeted this much since your work on healthcare. I bet you can't wait to give you donors tax cuts. Spineless
I'm Pat "Lick Spittle" Toomey and i approve this message! How did i do mr, trump?
Funny how you think the tax code is costing us so much yet you disavow climate change. Time to rethink priorities.
#JustSayNoToBrownbackistan
AEI avoided the ?on cnbc just now.  apples to apples comparisons?  'trickle down' hasn't worked in 30+years.  CROSBY, TX?? arkema chem plant
Warren Buffett: We're moving moving toward a tax cut, not tax reform | TheHill
How about a tax code for the working Americans to make them more competitive in the workplace. POTUS tax plan is a give away to the rich.
No, now is not the time.  You know what it is time for?  An in person town hall.  Not a Shan 54 person tv appearance.  #madinphilly #resist
Your #TrickleDown "reforms" are tired, old, and debunked ideology. When we get #PissedOn long enough, it's time to be #PissedOff. @mcall
Will your #TaxReform fix this picture? If not, then get some new ideas and a new plan. You work for US.
Our "biz" is doing just fine. But they're not paying their fair share, not by a long shot. #EndCorporateWelfare: it's the right thing to do.
If tax cuts for the rich worked, don't you think we'd know it by now? This started w/ Reagan. Another president who #Colluded with an enemy
#TaxReform: working people are the true job creators; they make the economy go. Solution: #TaxTheRich, and #EndCorporateWelfare. Duh.
Lowering the corporate tax rate only serves the rich while the rest will pay for less government services
Total bs tax cut for rich
Corporations do not need tax breaks.  The corporations need to pay their fair share.  Trickle Down is a myth.
Katie bar the door!  Once those "tax cuts for all" get inside, somehow only the Toomey 1% gets theirs.  Trickle up!
Trickle-Down Economics. Didn't work then & won't work now. Except for the wealthy, of course. 18974
Oh, ok, Pat- whatever you say. I know you're looking out for people. HAHAHAHA just kidding
Shove it up your yazoo-oo. you're a crooked politician if there is no money in it for U, you would not stand by it.    #EAEWO
Hmm Simple,,,Tax the poor more,,,Tax the 1% less. NO 1%er or corporation pays full share. Their CPA's make sure they don't. #MAPoorAgain
Would love to talk about this at,say, a town hall.  You need input from constituents to make a representative decision.  You work for us!
Use the money for that ridiculous wall to help flood victims.  Then give the middle class tax breaks, fund social security and healthcare.
So how do feel about cutting 1 billion from FEMA ? To build a wall?
Get a grip. Read these posts.  Nat'l disaster takes precedence. when it is time:  NO TAX CUTS FOR WEALTHY

Let's help working people and the businesses will do just fine.
Time for #ImpeachTrump #lastterm
Toomey = Trump
How else have you sold your soul to the devil this week? Go!
Dear Bob Mueller, Please hurry.  Thank you, America
You and your rich buddies are sleezy. How about actually helping the working class? And let's see Trump's tax return first.
Stop with the B.S.. no middle classer is ever going to see a tax cut. Only the top 1%. Third world country here we come.
You must like what Jindal for Louisiana http://www.reuters.com/article/us-louisiana-budget-politics-insight-idUSKCN0WA2OG …  Try lower tax for the middle they spend more companys profit = more jobs
So fucking tone deaf! Where do you think disaster relief funds will come from? You're literally killing people at this point.
#TaxReform17 never trickled down to my family in the 80s how is @potus going to make sure it trickles to me now?
That's balderdash. You just want to give rich folks more $ in erroneous belief that helps economy. You're deluded. #NoTaxCutsForTheRich.
Screw what trump wants! How about what your constituents want? You have very poor judgement!
How about no fed taxes on first 50k of income?  Cant get more progrowth than that!
Ok but not what you're proposing
Shut up! Tax breaks for the filthy rich, ya know the ones you take $$$ from
Platitudes. Anyone can say this. So this doesn't amuse anyone. Comprehensible, well thought plans on how to do it. That would be something.
Better leave in mortgage interest and property tax deduction. Need to take care of the average homeowner!
The rich are doing better than ever, but it just hasn't "trickled down."  Helping the rest of us would be much more pro growth.
I'm sure you would like to have a say on how much $ goes into the pockets of rich fat cats like you. Part of SECRET13. Now, an insider
No to any tax reform wherein a tax break is given to the wealth. No to any tax reform package that is endorsed by the current WH occupant.
Do you watch the news? The time is now for #HarveyRelief humanitarian efforts, not for you to suck up to @POTUS
No, your plan to give millionaires a huge tax break on the backs of the working class never has a time.
To hell with the middle class. Right???
More competitive?! We have the 3rd lowest rate in the western world! Maybe try closing loopholes & removing incentives to hide $$$ overseas?
it's KINDA like you don't listen to your constituents at all...you're as blind as your fearless leader, & maybe as chickenshit. Town. Hall.
I am a widowed mom. If you eliminate head of household filing status, it will cost me thousands. I am your constituent. #realPA
Only a con artist continues to push this false theory. Less corp taxes = Higher cash in already rich CEO pockets. #TrumpCrimeFamily
But u need to cut spending as well

Pro-growth? More like pro-greed. Massive tax cuts for the rich will not help the middle class. Trickle down economics=voodoo economics.
POTUS needs to release his taxes and you need to call him out for not doing it.
Do you appreciate how excited he was to go see the damage a hurricane caused? He's an excitable child selling his merchandise.DO SOMETHING!
How is it possible... How can you possibly be this out of touch with your constituents? #WasteofaSenateseat #DoBetterPA #greedybastard
Know what I would appreciate? You using critical thinking and not cow-towing to #45. He's a freaking disaster. What is your problem?
As long as it does not go to the rich but helps the middle class.  But R seem to want to put it on the middle class
"Pro-growth" is code for "transfer yet more wealth from bottom 90% to top 10%."
Hey Pat, 5% low income,and corporations get 105% don't you remember when giving the mid income a tax break was a good thing! HELP US!
These are the proposed tax cuts
@realDonaldTrump and @HouseGOP want tax boon for very rich not the working American. Represent the people not Trump's inane dreams.
Your interest-what is best for corporations and businesses, not the workers. Research shows corps just make more money. Nothing flows down.
Tax cuts for the rich - including you!! Big surprise.
If you appreciate POTUS for anything at all than your judgement is extremely questionable.
That wasn't a tax plan, you old liar.
"Republicans Will Let America Burn While Holding Out for Tax Cuts - The core principle of the GOP is to make the rich richer" -Rolling Stone
this is your coded phrase for screw over the poors and the middle class, cut taxes for the rich.
There literally couldn't be a less appropriate time for your bullshit tax "reform". Why don't you hold a town hall and do your actual job.
OMG I never caught this before:

Toomey, pronounced "to me"

Pat to me = how Trump calls his lap dog, and Pat comes running every time
Pat, you KNOW that there will be no change in the tax code. There will only be tax cuts for the rich at the expense of the middle class. SAD
So much to appreciate when you can make rich white guys even richer! Am I right or am right, Pat?! Woohoo tax reform!
I never thought you were a trumpian. I had more respect for you
Sorry to be the one to break it to you but Toomey has always been looking out for his donors, never his voters.
You serve PENNSYLVANIANS, not Trump & the other swamp dwellers & bottom feeders!! You are a suck-up, which is embarrassing & shameful.
The time for tax reform is after you assure health care for all and a living minimum wage.
For the rich?  Yep let the rich get richer.
how about you stop bailing out millionaires and start bailing out hard working american families?!
We also need health insurance? No providers in PA next year?  What are you doing for us? #taxreform
Rule 1: labor is your highest cost. Reduce it as much as possible. If you invest, it'll be in automation where applicable. Where it isn't...
You'll keep wages and benefits as minimal as possible and create more jobs only if absolutely necessary to keep productivity efficient.
Top 1% will be the benefactors.  Don't cut programs that help the poor, working, and middle classes!  Don't cut taxes for the rich!
Why wouldn't you repeal the ACA
The CEOs are cheering but doesn't help anyone else.
Hello #SpinelessCoward! Explain how tax cuts will MAGA when every time it has been done it has only hurt us? Us, meaning not rich like you.
We don't need millionaire taxcuts, we need a living wage.  Rising tide will lift your yacht.
I do support an open, bi-partisan debate with open committee hearings.  Do you???  You did not during recent "healthcare" taxcut effort
Just giving business a tax break doesn't mean we get raises.That goes into their pocketsThen u make it harder 4 us 2 get benefits we paid 4
Corps. don't pay now, so how low does it have 2 go? Who's paying the bills-middle class, right? U have yet 2 give us a break.
No tax reform until trump releases 20yrs of his federal filings PLUS all supporting documents. NO TAX REFORM !
Start with single payer so "biz" isn't in charge of health. Saving them money and allowing them to hire and raise wages.
Wow. You really have no empathy or soul do you?
We know, @SenToomey.  You are all about getting richer & making sure the rest of us stay poorer. We get it.  It's all about the rich w/ you.
It's trickle down 2.0...will not end well for the 99%.
Sure. More money for automation and fewer human workers hired makes us far more competitive.
Your all over this aren't you... so http://transparent.You  couldn't care less about a majority of the people you serve-only big donors
Exactly, Tax Reform not gimmicks. Please keep that in mind
I'm no economist, and something tells me neither are you, but seriously, Trump giving huge tax breaks to billionaires and corporations. Dumb
Time for tax reform was many years ago but gop wouldn't come to the table. Gop had some issue about working w an Africa American president.
This is not reform but tax cuts for the wealthy.
Where is my tax cut???All I see is corp tax cuts
Cuts are going to big business and the wealthy. Not a good deal for the American middle class.
"Trickle down economics" is nonsense. Take away lg corp loopholes and give sm businesses, middle & lower income families a break!
Absolutely agree!
seriously PATHETIC!!
How about starting with no Corp loopholes! The largest corps already pay lower % rate than most Americans because of them!
I'm loving the retro '80's style that Trump's brought to the federal government!
How about a place where middle America can flourish again?
Would "now" be a good time for you to start interacting and meeting with constituents?  Or does that remain light years away ?
Thanks Koch puppet - we know what your backers mean by 'tax reform'.
No...Senator Toomey...it is "time" for you to step up, along with fellow Republicans, and end this national nightmare=@realDonaldTrump
You want tax relief for the middle class? Oppose trickle down  economics that has tanked lower wages from increasing.
Also you jump awfully quick about tax cuts as people are still drowning in TX and days to speak against racism.
How bout u tax on top 2% and fully fund FEMA & give us single payer healthcare !
No, the time for #impeachment is now.
Just like the bad healthcare bill YOU WROTE, this will never pass as long as tRump is POTUS, republiklans r at civil war and can't govern
Trump gave no specifics to achieve tax reform-just a lot of hand waving and bullshit.
@chattycathy317 @POTUS  I wish him luck getting tax reform past the Leftie Democrats in Congress & in the Republican Party.
@realDonaldTrump is a great negotiator. We need tax reform, hopefully luck won't be part of the process.
Keep blowing this dog whistle, your 1% understand and will come running.  Didn't end well for Kansas.
Trickle down Elmo. ..Doesn't work!
Stop. Speaking. Go back to hiding in your hole. You do less damage there. And it isn't as if you listen to your constituents anyway.
Have faith in the @POTUS vote for the tax reform
Growth can be good or bad.  What's more important is quality of life and what policies contribute to its improvement.
People have been suffering without income growth, retirement funds, inflation, hurricanes, wars, CEO's record pay...  you're a cruel person.
This type of tax reform has occurred three other times in our history and has hurt the economy and middle class- Thanks.
What about the poor & the middle class?They r the majority of the people who put u in office.playing to big business may make u unemployed.
Starting with taxing corporations foreign earnings?  Put people and companies on an equal footing!
How will we pay for tax cuts for the very wealthy while we budget for Houston and the next  inevitable super storm
Why are you the way that you are? You are making everything worse for PA. Just stop. Most of us would be hurt under this scam I mean scheme.
If you really want to provide tax relief for the middle-class, here's a thought, Tax the Churches & legalize marijuana.
Hold a town hall you chickenshit. Come listen to what your constituents have to say to you. They pay your salary. #toomey #Pennsylvania
No tax cuts until we see POTUS returns (remember, he promised!) I want to know how he would benefit. Should've divested from his businesses.
Is he reaching across the isle? #TaxReform
It's a fallacy, like your representing PA voters.
How about @POTUS releases his tax returns? More lining Trump holdings pockets for all anyone knows. #Emoluments #TrumpRussia
Please explain how his tax scam giving massive cuts to wealthy & corps, does nothing for wages, and leaves out middle class will help PA?

Your allegiance to this destructive president will be remembered at election time.
As usual, cut taxes for the ultra wealthy and screw everyone else. Trickle down does not work. Raise minimum wage to $15. Is that in there?
How many times @SenToomey do we have to do the trickle down economics thing B4 U admit it doesn't work.  Why is GOP such slow learners?
Yes, more corporate help from the government, super awesome plan PT!
Tax breaks for the rich! Screw the middle class & poor! Get ready for a recession again! Just be honest. For once.
He's proposing greater economic inequality. The wealthy will put these cuts in their pockets and off-shore bank accounts.
While not mentioning you guys wanting to take 1 billion out of emergency disaster funds to build a wall you are such a slimeball. Sad!
