F-ing liar! Show us the secret bill!
We don't need tax reform that gives millionaires a break on the backs of working people. Have you heard of Kansas? They tried that recently.
Please stop with the Dem talking points & divisiveness. That's what the shooter said! Tax reform will help EVERYONE. Listen to our POTUS.
So... Allow a HUGE tax break for the 1% because some might be angered hearing dissent? Pretty sure there'll be more anger if that  passes.
That's exactly what I mean. You have the facts wrong. What you repeat are Dem talking points & the repetition is getting very tired.
Fact: giving the top income earners a huge tax break will continue to widen the income inequality divide & won't fix debt. Kansas. 1/
Im a might bit tired of the repeated efforts to try the same thing again and again, surprised to find out it doesn't work. You've got 2/
facts to refute & show how that's going to work in the face of Brownback's economic failure, state them, or go read and educate yourself.3/3
Today is Friday, does Pat Toomey have a new estimate of of many Americans he plans to kill by repeal of the ACA!
Make America Great Again by taxing the wealthy. Like we did in the 50s. and 60s. and under Reagan (I assume those arer your "great" days)...
Pa does not concur with you and your right wing anti American worker policies
Yes, either that or allow even more irresponsibility.
You mean like it helped Kansas??
Show that you still have a shred of honor....RESIGN. You are an absolute detriment to the people of PA- A constituent from Elk County
more money for rich people. You have abandoned the working class.
More money for the rich and Toomey contributors! Pat could you publish a price list of the cost per hour to meet with you?
START SUPPORTING PRESIDENT TRUMP..
I swear, if you EVER complain about the deficit again, I will spam your mentions with this tweet.
Trickle-down economics didn't work then, and it won't work now.
Town hall now. Healthcare legislation needs transparency and dialogue.
Like the 2010 Dem ACA? Remember what Pelosi said.  lol.
Show us
The bill

An incomplete haiku by me, a Toomey constituent
Senator Toomey: why have you not released the bill or held hearings? What are you hiding?
23 million American lives are on the line. This. Is. Reckless. TAKE ACTION: http://trumpcaretoolkit.org   #ResistTrumpcare 
A lot I suspect - bill takes $ away from ordinary people & gives massive tax cuts to Toomey & wealthiest Americans
Sorry. Just more Dem talking points. Where is GOP? Why aren't they out there defending POTUS's agenda? ACA total failure except for freebies
GOP HIDING BECAUSE ZOMBIETRUMPCARE IS BAD FOR AMERICA & don't want to be blamed for it.
You were going to leave so many people without health insurance. It's sad that you will be killing people because of an agenda n politics.
I am sure that anything the Republicans do will hurt the 99% and help those that need it less the 1%.  We are sick of it.  #Resistance
Senator, you should pay attention to your twitter account. It is filled with posts from apoplectic Dems. No conservatives. Defend DJT!!!!!!!
Supply-side economics doesn't work!! Giving breaks to the wealthy never created growth. #resist #theresistance
That plan will NOT spur tax growth. Ask an economist. Look at history.
Well well buckwheats.
Is anything being done to defeat Casey? He & Tom Wolf are disasters. You must back POTUS's agenda no matter what GOP leadership does.
The GOP leadership does NOT have POTUS's back & we will remember! It's awful what everyone is doing to him. We want him to succeed. He must!
Will kill any initiative and creativity - bad deal
What about transparency? Why the secrecy around the health care bill? How many lives will be sacrificed?
Robust growth of rich people's wallets from staggering tax cuts while the rest of us support the country! You're not fooling anyone! Garbage
Right, but about this healthcare bill.
#ShowUsTheBill

Tax reform = trickle down economics = proven failure
Your tax reform only really lowers taxes for the wealthiest. We always make up the difference, whether at federal, state or local level.
No one believes or trust the Republican Senate! Robust?? Really??
I suppose if you're going to push snake oil, who better to learn from than the master @senorrinhatch
Tax cuts are as effective for job growth as @senorrinhatch's unregulated diet pills are for weight loss
We should talk, you know, your constituents and you. I for one think Republicans can't govern, or won't. So change the rules.
Leave taxes alone unless the rich pays more and lifts the burden off the middle class. Decrease the wealth gaps. That will drive economy up
Any progress towards impeachment of Potus?
Tax cuts for the wealthy will not help our economy. @gop trickle down economics has in the past and will in the future fail miserably
SHOW US THE BILL.
As long as Democrats can repeal when they are in power. Why not try for a 60 vote consensus which is likely to be more lasting in long run
Growth for the rich, nothing trickles down
I hope you both strain oblique muscles trying out for the next Congressional baseball game
Rule number 1 of #kleptocracy: pillage the treasury at the expense of working people. Done! #Senateburo #secret #healthcare #USAvMEX
Show us the health care plan. Better yet have a townhall meeting. Did u forget you work for us? #trumplies
cut the crap and #ShowUsTheBill coward
Yes-growth in the pockets of the wealthy. Stop distracting us from what you are hiding. What's in the healthcare bill?
Oh, Happy days. We can end up like Kansas. How did that work out?
So, now its okay to add to the deficit b/c rich people will pay less taxes? Or just b/c republicans are the majority? Fiscal responsibility.
How can you be so awful?  Try going down the hall to Sen. Casey's office for tips on representing PA better, please!
Tax cuts do not spur job growth. Look at the Kansas experiment if you don't believe.
I love how the GOP tried to frame it as an experiment as if it hasn't been going on since Reagan.
Please don't repeal the ACA. Don't sentence millions of Americans to poverty, illness, and death. Thank you.
Senators, abolish #H1B visa scam before you give rich and famous tax break. Americans are sick and tired of this nonsense. #H1B
Party over logic, history, economic theory, and country.
Or you could consider a bipartisan approach that would get 60 votes.  Rather than work across the aisle you're trying to change the rules
No intention of actually representing your constituents, eh? Tick tock...
Is that tax extension so that my wife and I don't have to pay taxes? Or is it for corps? You and the whole GOP work for $$$$ not for the ppl
Wow, @SenToomey doesn't even pretend to care about anyone but the 1%. Don't dare call what he does public service; he's a con man.
Healthcare Mr. Toomey?
You mean tax cuts that make even more $ for the rich.  If you want to cut taxes for the rich, tie it to a liveable wage requirement.
What are your thoughts on the Kansas experiment?
Interpretation:  I'm ignoring the WH and my role in supporting a traitor
Show us your goddamned bill.
"even if they add to the deficit..."
Just make sure you are taking care of those who are elderly and those with special needs.  What is in the healthcare bill #Toomey TownHall
Yep for your rich pals. You all will be getting rich of the backs of the rest of us.
You are some piece of work, Senator. No one cares about this except you two. Show us your super secret bill. #ShowUsTheBill #ProtectOurCare
Rich grinning white guys. Time for #2018bluewave
Tax cuts for the wealthy I'm sure. And nothing for the middle/working class. More of the same. Can't wait until your term is up.
When will you have a citizen town hall to talk about it with your constituents? #ToomeyTownHall
