If you care this much, then why this abomination of a health care bill?? Oh yeah...tax break for you!! Duh
Cosponsored = somebody else came up with it, wrote the bill, and you stuck your name on it to take credit. Unlike #AHCA, which is all you.
I served in the 28th Division for ten years. If you truly want to help vets, please upgrade the computer and data systems of the VA and DOD
If our Vet's "Deserve the best care"..THEN WHY HAVE YOU @SenToomey VOTED "NO" ON FUNDING VA HOSP.'S  EVERY YEAR??
You've got the "hide from your constituents" thing down to a fine science. I bet the Vets are going to love AHCA.
To bad your healthcare bill does nothing for the care of the rest of us. Not sure how you sleep at night
This has nothing to do with care. Do you think we're idiots?
Maybe you should care about your disabled PA families too, instead of selling us out. #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoCutsNoCaps
Why is this important?
Oh wait yeah u follow not lead can not wait for the next election NEVER AGAIN
Many #veterans on #Medicaid,  chump! Have you spoken with @votevets ??
Veterans deserve the best care, but the rest of us can go screw ourselves? Tax breaks to the rich, but cuts to health and rise in premiums!
But the rest of us don't?
Pat what about pre existing conditions,nkids on Medicaid, congenital heart babies???? Sounds like you do not care.
Come tell me face to face how great this health care bill you wrote is
So when are you going to hold a face to face town hall? Or are you going to keep hiding from your constitutes?
When are you holding a town hall meeting Senator?
ALL Americans deserve adequate healthcare!! Vote no on the bill - a PA voter
How about taking care of the rest of us? We are all entitled to healthcare, can we enact the whistleblower act for the GOP??@GOP
While you vote for #Deathcare for vets? Hypocrite!
Vets are losing healthcare under your deathcare bill.
This bill doesn't improve the quality of care, increase access to care, or reduce healthcare costs overall...it's not a healthcare bill
Wow! $350k pays for your soul!
Not many people say look what I did. I'm a hero and then pat themselves on the back. Shameful!!!
Too bad you're healthcare bill will doom millions of vets to lose insurance. Y'all don't give a fuck about us.
You no longer rep people of PA. RESIGN NOW! #TimeToResignToomey
Tootin' your own horn there I see
everyone deserves the best care. but your cold hearted health care bill rewards the wealthy and discriminates against the neediest. shocking
How about poor people, Pat?  Do they not deserve the best care?
If they deserve the best care then why are you trying to screw up Medicaid? My dad is dying of cancer thanks to Vietnam and now this?!?
How come you want to deny Veterans the healthcare they need?
All Americans deserve the best care. Shame on you for thinking it's OK to restrict the "best care" to your rich cronies.
Veterans and senators but everyone else can just die when they can't afford health care.
I'm a vet, I'd really appreciate it if my senator @SenToomey would hold an in-person #TownHall 19146
And yet thousands and thousands of veterans will lose access to healthcare with the Republican #HealthcareBill.
15217 mailbox full. Your proposal health care immoral.
hey I live in philadelphia but i am Puerto Rico recently in the island the people voted for statehood ,  the 2012 vote was ratified help us
Vote no on trumpcare
This is what your constituents want
#noshowtoomey
What do the rest of your constituents deserve, Pat?
Shamelessly patting yourself on the back while you screw over so many vets and many more by taking away their healthcare and medicaid cuts.
EVERYONE deserves quality health care:Babies born with preexisting conditions, women, poor ppl, vets, the elderly, & even assholes like you.
Can I blow the whistle on the cruel, backward senate gop healthcut bill?
And yet, you want to cut Medicaid that some vets rely on for living #hypocrisy much? #evilincarnate #dieAndDieQuickly #partybeforecountry
I'll NEVER be happy until you are voted out of office! How can you sleep at night knowing you will be killing millions of Americans? NO AHCA
You're happy when tRump has a bowel movement. When are you going to represent the people of PA instead of ass-kissing @GOP?
Why does #trumpcare take away health care from 23 million hard working Americans to give tax cuts to millionaires?
Toomey & friends want Wealthcare not Healthcare. Ryan pulling Toomey's strings.
Wow I guess the 4th commandment means nothing to u.  In God We Trust not the government anymore.  What if it was your mom or Dad.  Cruel
Is it true that 1 in 10 veterans is on Medicaid???? Hmmmmmm
"Veterans deserve the best care."
So why are you working to murder them?
But of course if their kids get sick... oh well.
You're a terrible person.
I only like you a little bit.
Are you kidding? You don't give a damn about vets. Do you know how many will be hurt by your healthcare bill? For Shame!
Then don't vote no to AHCA you hypocrite
WOW, ain't you proud-all acting out and still no laws.
Are you happy that 18 million vets will lose health care under the proposed bill, too? #unitedagainsttrumpcare
#votersarewatchingyou
#diein
#MAGA ??
Pretty wild that Trump wants to take health insurance away from poor white people in Appalachia to give George Soros a tax cut.
All citizens deserve good healthcare Senator Toomey - can we have access to the same healthcare as you do?
All your constituents including children and the elderly deserve the best care. Do your job and vote no.
Your just big as kissing sell out
So do pregnant women. Might wanna look into that re: Trumpcare. They apparently forgot how that's important to being pro-life.
When is your next in person town hall? Not remote. Face to face with your constituents. Asking for a friend in 19464
Same here in 19063
Good maybe you can charge yourself for taking bribes from Betsy Devos! Since you voted for her because of her $55,000 ummm donation?
Coward(s).
Horrific
True but that doesn't mean u sentence 23 million ppl to death.
Our seniors deserve the best care......unfortunately you don't as evidenced by the "healthcare" bill you wrote in secret.
If you truly believed that then pass legislation that actually solves the problems at the va and stop bragging about a useless legislation
So do all Americans but you prefer giving people like Warren Buffet a $620M tax cut!
Bagdad Bob propaganda as usual. Party over country everytime!
MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!!
Great, but Trumpcare will be a disaster for the country and the GOP. What the hell are you guys thinking?
Sick children are dependent on Medicaid and could die without insurance. PA elected you to look out for PA
One thing we agree on, sir.
They do, and the AHCA will hurt them and thousands of others. You should come talk to your constituents about it. Hold an in-person townhall
My child has pre existing health condition. GOP taking healthcare away from millions for big tax breaks for the rich. Vote Dem 2018
People will die without healthcare so GOP can make the rich richer. PA elderly depend on Medicaid.
Vote out GOP 2018 this healthcare bill shows they look out for millionaires only. Willing to strip people of healthcare for tax breaks
If you vote yes on healthcare bill you are not representing PA residents who elected you, you are representing trump. 2018
Hi Pat. Your are a shitgibbon and so is @realDonaldTrump !
You're Trump's personal fluffier. I guess you tweet cause your mouth is full.
So why are you taking Medicaid away from the veterans who rely on it?
ALL Americans deserve the best care, not this abhorrent deathcare law you are trying to push thru. Please reach deep & vote NO U work for us
So many senior citizens, who worked hard all of their lives, will be hurt by Trumpcare. You should be ashamed of yourself,
Whistle-blower protection but he attacks "leakers" for alerting the public to the truth he tries to hide
Americans deserve the best care. Trump however puts on a show & talks big but defunds it all.
I agree- but what about our nations' disabled and sick?  Do they not deserve the same?
That's a pretty ballsy statement considering you want to take healthcare from civilian Pennsylvanians so the rich can have tax cuts.
All Americans deserve good care. This veteran dislikes your HC bill!
pretty sure that's a hallmark of fascism: "Supremacy of the Military"  https://ratical.org/ratville/CAH/fasci14chars.html …
BUT FUCK EVERYONE ELSE, RIGHT?
Then vote against health care bill in Senate which will rip health care away from thousands of vets
Yeah, how about our spouses?? You call that POS you produced with your buddies Healthcar???
WE THE PEOPLE, Your constituents, say VOTE NO to this abhorrent piece of healthcare legislation meant to undermine THE PEOPLE'S REAL NEEDS!!
If you truly cared about all vets and your constituents, then you would be working to save the ACA instead of destroying lives.
How cruel to write a bill, as u did, to destroy the healthcare of the poor, seniors and disabled.
Thanks for sponsoring Pat.  So happy with our progress.  #POTUS rocks.  Hopefully my case will be resolved.
Vets deserve the best care*

*unless they are on Medicaid or an ACA plan.  Then they're on their own!  #richvetsneedtaxcutstoo
You'll be happy when you lose your job next election
So do the rest of Americans - not that attempted murder document you  created, and are misleading your constituents about.
<eyeroll> There were 39 cosponsors.  In a fight or flight scenario. PA deserves a fighter. You hide unless it is 100% safe. #wedeservebetter
$$$$$$$$
Trump has enough mouths around his member. Would appreciate it if you removed yours any time now.
Then vote no on AHCA!
If Veterans deserve the best care why are you supporting #AHCA which cuts Medicaid which Veterans rely on? #renameGOPtoAssholeParty
But you have no problem cutting their Medicaid? Are you going to listen to you constituents? How about a town hall? #SinglePayer
If you worked to improve lives instead of destroy, you wouldn't need to post this empty rhetoric. You're motto is always party over country.
If you rally care about American and Pennsylvanians then you should do the right thing and do whatever you can to save the #ACA
Shameful!.  You just worked on a health bill that will hurt veterans!  You don't care! Stop lying.
So if you make below 200k/yr u get no tax cut, states pick up cost of Medicaid = state taxes go up Prem & deducts go up
They do! so why are @GOP shoving terrible health care bill down their throats ?
How about accountability to and protection for PA? How is PA going to care for those who get thrown off  insurance because of #Trumpcare?
Happy for this vote, now join growing GOP group opposed to current version of #ObamaCareLite
#REPEAL
*I'm referring to #Wealthcare, just so we're clear.
what about the Vets that will lose Medicaid? you don't care about them?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid#NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Hey Pat. I agree with you that Veterans deserve the best care, but really, doesn't every American deserve the best care??
You cannot take victory laps to distract us from what you support in #trumpdeathcare. The disabled will show up at your office door too.
Why not mention this is bipartisan, show that with a decent bill the democrats will support compared to @gop which was party of no
But no one else, eh Senator?
you would be the devil not our savior
#carenotchaos #voteno vote no on AHCA  IF YOU WANT America great if you pass this bill many people will be kick out of their house then
But poor and middle class Americans don't deserve any apparently.
What about Vet's care? Looks like a 'witch hunt' to cut staff.
Millions of Vets rely on Medicaid. Your plan denies them essential healthcare. But rich & corps will get the $$ saved. #MedicaidMatters
Disappointed that you can't see that all other Americans deserve the best health care as well.
Center for American Progress says your new healthcare bill will result in 10,800 PA Vets losing their Medicaid. Care to comment?
I am too B/C that's a worthwhile cause - but U get to claim no glory while U are simultaneously scheming to harm other vulnerable Americans
Yep, that's the amount Pay to Play Toomey got from a big Pharma Co to push the Deathcare Bill. Thanks Indivisibl BucksCo 4 sharing.
No sweat, don't forget about his fellow swamp creatures, they need an honorable mention too.  Congrats @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
You fought for deeper cuts to Medicaid - thousands of Vets will lose health insurance thanks to you! Shame!
Birds of a feather!
How exactly does this provide them with the best care? Especially with your #AHCA bill?
No one is getting better care or an increase in coverage (as promised) with this bill. That was never the intent.
But 24-million Americans don't deserve any care?! I wish you loved your constituents as much as you love Trump.
It's not like he is signing anything that is of consequence to the American public
TOO BAD PHASING OUT MEDICAID WILL HURT VETERANS TOO SO YOU ALL CAN PAY OLIGARCHS$ NAZIS!
What was your reaction when he fought with a Gold Star Family and said that captured/injured aren't heros? #VetsAgainstTrump
Hello rubberstamp to Trump's agenda!
