CBO is non-partisan! #AHCA leaves more Americans without access to health care compared to #ACA
It is wrong to cause big increases in insurance costs to older people, as Trumpcare will do, to give million $ incomes a tax cut.
Show us the bill and defend it in a face-to-face town meeting of Pennsylvanians.
Anybody can find someone to interpret the numbers in their favor. My fool some, but not most
America, make sure to vote these men out of office if they repeal ACA and try to replace with TrumpCare Garbage!
If it's so great, let's see it!
What about my father with Alzheimer's and diabetes? Will you take away his care ??? Even with Medicare we pay a lot, after ur bill , 1/
I have to empty out the college funds from my kids? Then Devos will make it harder for my kids to go to college??? So who do u represent 2/
Not a military family from the 171st
#ShowUsTheBill
So can we actually see it now?  #SaveOurCare
Why are you in support of something which will harm so many US citizens?
CMS is a DeptHHS under Sec. Price, so not some outside evaluator.  Your statement pulled the best couple points from a 30 page report.
Even so, the best you could come up with is it is not as bad as CBO score, but absolutely not an improvement over ACA by most measures
So maybe a complete review under normal procedures, hearings, amendments in the open will lead to a workable ACA fix
Please explain benefits of health care bill and what senate wants to do to improve it.WE ARE LISTENING.This greatly affects us,your PAvoters
I called your office asking to reject #AHCA . Please keep Pennsylvanians covered. No shame in improving #ACA; constituents would  like it!
CBO is nonpartisan. Stop obfuscating. #ShowUsTheBill
cbo is nonpartisan you walnut. start voting on legislation that's good for your constituents and not your wallet
All your chatter about this is useless unless we can see it with our own eyes before you make any decisions.  We are who you serve, sir.
#ShowUsTheBill #shoor explain why you won't
When is your townhall to discuss this plan and what your vote will be?
Who's paying off who? #ShowUsTheBill
Isn't the CBO nonpartisan? Show us the bill! What are afraid of if it's so great? #TrumpCare
CMS actuaries predict 13M people losing insurance and higher premiums vs CBO predict of 20M losing insurance. Either way= bad deal for all.
Not any Actuaries that don't work for your donors.
Stop trying to justify people losing insurance and dying so you can give your rich friends tax breaks!
Your party is killing us!
We don't believe your. Your constituents are begging you to represent us and votes against the GOP Health Care Bill.
Why all the secrecy, then?
CMS claims to be nonpartisan but don't fooled.....they are not!
So let's see the bill then.
The CBO itself is non-partisan. You're perpetuating a lie to pass a bill that will directly hurt PA, specifically voters that voted for you
Since when is the CBO partisan? And might they have different numbers because they don't have all the facts the CBO has?
If this bill wasn't a disaster you would show it to us and hold hearings instead of just trying to ram it through with no debate.
Great. So now let your constituents see the bill you're voting on.
Stop trumpcare
What about your SECRET, male only committee rewriting the health insurance bill that will cause hardship & lost lives. Show us the bill!!!
Yeah, like you have EVER acted nonpartisan. Give everyone a break jackwagon.
Yo Toomey, want to come out from hiding and meet with your constituents?
Produce by the GOP is bad for Americans. It's not healthcare it's a way to legally kill those that are sick.
Well when one pays for a study to produce a certain outcome one usually gets that outcome. One thing we the people know, any healthcare bill
The CBO is non partisan. You are obfuscating. Show us the bill.
So if #TRUMPCARE is so great, y r u hiding it from the democrats & not holding any hearings? U r ok with removing millions from healthcare?
Do you promise to hold public, bipartisan hearings, accept amendments on the bill before vote
Let us see it, coward
Vote against repeal. Fix ACA. Starting over with Trumpcare is ridiculous
Quid pro quo offering by @GOP have anything to do with it?    Obamacare sign ups were at record pace before you stopped paying insurers. SAD
But people still lose insurance... Unacceptable! And if it's unaffordable, it's not a choice! Show us the Senate health bill!
how many people will lose healthcare thanks to you? what's IN the bill? why is it a secret? #ShowUsTheBill
So if only 12 million people lose coverage, it's ok, but if 24 million lose coverage, its also ok, as long as your donors get a tax cut?
If passed, TrumpCare will cost you your seat. You realize this right?
Show us!
I thought the CBO was nonpartisan...are you saying this because you don't like the CBO figures? You need to start caring about PA citizens!
Why do you have to seek justification? I was taught by great moral people in my life that truth does not have to be justified.
By the way, democracy works like this: WE tell YOU how to vote. YOU don't tell US how to think.
Post a link to the projections. Cite your source.  Only CMS projections I see are within existing ACA law.
SHOW US THE BILL
What with the cowards behind closed doors scared of? It's our health we should have a say!
who's pocket are they in? It is a CRAP Plan and you know it! LISTEN to your constituents!
Can you look some of the people that will loose healthcare in the eye in person and explain why
Really hard to take u seriously when u won't even show us the bill. The secretive nature sure seems like deception.
Also, CBO is non partisan.  Which seems like more deception on your part. 

Pretty suspicious Pat.
And? The CBO is the one required by law, so it's the only one that matters.
CBO is non-partisan. #ShowUsTheBill (19119)
You lie you so complicit supporting an authoritarian govt. Hurt the ppl who voted for you the most. You are nothing but a Trump apologist.
So you believe the CBO is partisan? Explain why.
The bill is horrible no matter who looks at it. It's yet another example of republican class warfare against the poor.
Ask Pat to change his bio to "Senator for the rich," he does not represent PA.  (610) 434-1444 #ShowUsTheBill
Show us the bill! You are taking care of the elderly, and people with disabilities, right? Stop pandering to the lobbyists!
What are you hiding?  Why are you rushing the process? CBO score is bipartisan. 1 person losing their insurance is too much! #NoAHCA
We want to see the bill. We want hearings to discuss the bill. We deserve your attention, you work for your constituents, stop ignoring us.
You still a Senator? If so when are you going to have a Town Hall Meeting in Philadelphia. No guts Toomey 
Instead of finding ways to defend an unpopular bill, please ask your constituents what we want. We're counting on you.
#ShowUsTheBill Allow for discussion and bipartisan amendments. Please listen to us, your constituents.
The CBO is non partisan. Trumpcare sucks. Don't try to justify crap. Release the senate bill. Protect Pennsylvanians
What would be an acceptable # of Americans to lose coverage? #ShowUsTheBill 19086
Show us the bill.
Release the bill, hold public hearings, lift the veil of secrecy! Let Americans judge the bill on its merits! #AHCA
#ShowUsTheBill.  If it's so great why are you and your colleagues trying to force it through the Senate in the dark?  Shame!!
So you are in favor of the House bill then?  How about holding a town hall so we can ask you questions about it in person?
