Except it won't, so please stop spreading lies.
Or by actually raising the minimum wage. #raisethewage

Do you think low income and middle income people are excited the wealthy won't have to pay inheritance tax??!
How petty are you? I'm middle class and I could care less if ANYONE pays inheritance tax. For Gods sake you can't even DIE without tax!???
You don't even pay inheritance tax for the first $5.45 million. It's not petty egg-troll, it's common sense for a function democracy.
BS. It's stealing! It always will be!  I just settled my father's estate, not big enough for Fed, but still had to write a check for county.
You're a selfish person, with selfish excuses.
You know NOTHING about me. Sold my business to care for my Dad dying from Alzheimer's. So stop hurling insults, to people you don't know.
A lot of people care for ill relatives.  What about people you don't know, that what taxes are for, including for taxing estates.
If had real town meetings & you answered your damm phone you would know majority, yes the majority do not favor this tax cut bill.  VOTE NO!
Common sense shows bill just makes rich richer. Does nothing to lower defecit as promised. All bs like health care bs you voted for. Vote NO
You are an embarrassment to Pennsylvania. Traitor to constituents desires and needs. Your record proves you work for the rich. SAD SO SAD
HOW ABOUT JUST RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE.. GRADUATED TAX RATE FOR ALL AND NO DEDUCTIONS.
So you admit it? You only consider the super rich to be real Americans? 
Stop pretending this isn't a handout to your billionaire donors.
did you even read the bill???
You won't trust my opinion so take a look at this thread for the opinions of experts:
https://twitter.com/WaysMeansCmte/status/913403829676314624 …
P.S. Did you read the bill?
The reviews are pouring in on the Ryan-McConnell tax framework. Let's take a look at WHAT THEY ARE SAYING this morning...
truth is it benefits all americans. Keep more money, businesses overseas will come back, ceos will invest in more jobs, etc
DO you have any evidence to supports that. The GOP has tried tax cuts for billionaires and huge companies before. Always tanks economy.
Oh hi! I notice you haven't provided any evidence. Here's another article for you to review:
this article posts how the rich go from 39 to 35 % but mentions nothing about the middle class going down to 15%... totally not biased!
Oh hi there! How about reading this thread then:
Let’s examine how a middle class family could pay more under the GOP tax plan.
This does nothing to reduce my tax burden; working middle aged middle to low income woman with no kids; screwed again by tax code.
Liar!
Tax burden of many middle-income Americans would go up in this 3-tiered system. That's to balance the 3% drop for highest earners?
And don't forget no estate tax for those with estates of $ 10,000,000 plus.
 Straight out grab by Trump and his
 cronies.
That's right! How could I forget!?
Seven levels of taxation are fine with me. My teachers contract has twenty steps. We can deal with seven.
We don't a pay raise if it means you are gutting Medicaid and Medicare and the CHIP program and the Affordable Care Act.
How about just giving them a raise in the minimum wage
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan $2.2 Trillion Deficit 4 #CorporateTaxCut & #DeathTaxRepeal! http://www.crfb.org/blogs/big-6-tax-framework-could-cost-22-trillion#.Wc0md8GjXGd.twitter … … via @budgethawks
What about the Fair Plan
Shill
Raise the #estatetax
Wow @SenToomey ! Looking at these replies you have like zero supporters! Good luck in 2018! #wewillbeatthepolls can't wait till you're gone!
Your bill only benefits the very rich. You might want to read the bill before you continue to lie about it.
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Increasing Deficit 4 #TaxCuts!
Too bad your tax plan doesn't actually do that.
No its not. It's time to make people who can afford to pay to support the country do so.
If you believe every American deserves a pay raise, perhaps join the #FightFor15 ? Or #MedicareForAll ? Or #tuitionfreecollege?
You personify the problem of aligning big money and politics.
Well, McConnell better put some pressure on the leaders of the Democratic Party, McCain, Collins & Murkowski! Or the GOP will again fail.
What bullshit doublespeak. You learned the wrong lessons from your  11th grade foray into Orwell.
Looks to me like the fat cats who send you money get about 150% of any "cuts";  middle class and  workers pay for it....& deficit increases.
More BS from u. Cut taxes for rich donors and increase fed deficits. More "trickle down" and "growth will pay for tax cuts" horse manure.
Total bullshit, but thanks for playing. Your version of tax reform funnels my money to your wealthy donors. Get lost, bozo.
majority of We the People don't want this. reason is, we r smarter than u give us credit 4!! u work for us.. when will ur choices reflect?
Sorry, we don't want to buy the Brooklyn Bridge.
Again more lies so your billionaire financial friends get a raise.  Shame on you!
I would rather keep funding programs for low-income Americans with my tax money than see a $3/month raise.
Short term gain for long term cost?    Can't wait to see the CBO analysis of this GPO ripoff scheme.   Stop being a tool.
Yes, to giving Americans a pay raise! No, to your trickle-down tax scheme!
That's great to lower taxes, but Trump proposal will cost families with more than 1 child approximately $2000 per child.  How is that a cut?
A) trickle down doesn’t work.  Doesn’t take a genius to look at past results. B) how does this plan help anyone besides rich and businesses?
it's said that legislation dies in the Senate. This is a broken system that needs to be fixed asap. Senators need to do thei JOB!
senator, and fellow senators, get to work on all the bills the House has sent your way. This issue needs to be addressed asap.
You are incapable of truth. The sketchy plan helps rich & hurts single parents, large families and earners in blue states.Why? Koch & Trump
Those making above $250,000, don't need a tax break! For religious @GOP out there - "of those given much, much is expected!" Stop whining!
The wealthy don’t need a tax cut; rebuild the middle class!
Get him out before he kills us all!!
This tax code will create job growth for the middle class. We will all need to get another job to pay for the tax cut you give the rich!
There's one thing missing from your logic, Sen. Toomey.  Greed.  Wealthy getting a tax cut are NOT going to share.  Not gonna happen.
ICYMI @SenToomey: Tax cuts for the rich don't work--they never did. Your ideology is tired and fully debunked. http://billmoyers.com/2014/09/11/a-wealthy-capitalist-on-why-money-doesnt-trickle-down …
Lol....watch my left hand while my right hand is in your pocket!
Sounds good if it wasn't a lie have a town hall come face to face with your voters... all of them!
Let's just exempt Congress and the Trump admin from these "raises."
The government is supposed to protect the citizens from evil corporations not the other way around. #vote4PA
Corporations are experiencing record profits and American workers record production. So why are our wages stagnant? #FightFor15
We'll all need a pay raise if GOP succeeds in destroying our health care coverage.
SMALLTOWN& COUNTY CORRUPT POLITICIANS
HAVE DECEPTIVELY
SABOTAGED THE INEVITABLE
EXPANSION OF BUS. TO PROVIDE
MORE TAX RELIEF FOR ALL,
TRUTH!
I SAY IT IS TIME FOR THE LOWERING
OF THE SCHOOL DISTRICT TAXES BY 1/2
BURDENING AM. CITIZENS! AND SEEK TO RID CORRUPTION IN SMLTOWN& COUNTY

This is being billed as a "framework" because they don’t want to take responsibility for the details, especially how much it will cost. https://twitter.com/HouseGOP/status/913074922544607232 …
Bullshit. Typical republican talk. Folks on top benefit the most. Middle class get hurt the most. Just another with Republicans.
Senator Toomey has an estimated net worth of $3.34M as of 2014, making him a fair amount wealthier than the average member of Congress
Haven't seen much R concern for "all Americans" so far. Why would I believe this now? 18974
You can't be trusted!!!
It's about time Pat,now how about organizing a blanket party for some of your fellow senators that keep blocking progress,Pa voters got ur 6
This isn't a pay raise. Increase minimum wage, heavily tax income over $250K then we'll see companies pay employees more.
Under Ryan Plan - Workers taxed on 100% of income. Investors taxed on only 50% of income. Fair for who?
Fuck you get aid to Puerto Rico you bum
How much more will the couple earning $50k save in taxes?
Also need affordable heathcare ! Replace current
Smoke & mirrors
I think you read the tax plan wrong. Please sit down with a group of your constituents and ask us to explain it. No big words, we promise.
You are trying to take away healthcare
"...Republican framework for tax reform. It is even more horrifying than I imagined. MASSIVE giveaway to rich. And poor pay more"KEichenwald
We're not dumb. Stop w your nonsense.
There's nothing GUARANTEEING a tax break for $aire = higher wages. We buy a new hedge fund for them instead of paying their bills for them!
Your daily support of incompetent @realDonaldTrump suggests you are bucking for a job with administration
It raises the poorest tax bracket and lowers the wealthiest! Nice job of trying to trick the poor into believing you care about them!
Time, again, for the GOP to balloon the deficit. Check history of largest deficits. During GOP Administrations.
Your idea is aweful.It does not promote growth. He is an idea you millionaire politicans could do to help Americans  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1715845695094686&id=142474049098533 …
Misleading. Tax cut lowers tax burden. Deductions lower taxable income and is not the same. Educate yourself!
More $ for the already rich and the middle and low class gets screwed again. Thieves, you all should burn for knowing doing what you are
If every American gets a pay raise, who pays for the tax cut? Pretty sure the plan you're pushing will stick it to the most vulnerable folks

The next time Republicans say Medicaid is unsustainable, consider the fiscal effects of their tax plan. 
http://www.crfb.org/blogs/big-6-tax-framework-could-cost-22-trillion … 
Lies like that earn politicians the negative reputations they richly deserve.
#NotOnePenny
Bow down to your big donors, Toomey
That's funny. My read: "reform" benefits the rich and corps doubles the rate in the lowest bracket and removes key middle class deductions.
Lies! Corporate shill! A pay raise. Why not just raise the minimum wage. Trickle down is a trick! Don't fall for this guys lies people!
How about you give a breakdown of who will be paying higher taxes and who will get the largest tax cuts. Crumbs for the middle class.
But, make sure the rich, like you, get more money
You are lying, again. Studies have shown lowering taxes on wealthy does not result in increased spending and more jobs. STUDY ECONOMICS!
No one buying your GOP propaganda anymore That framework benefits wealthy, people like you and colleagues not the 99% Try Again
So u refuse to stand up for ppl on all these issues and u conspire in back rooms to take HC away from 20+ million but we should believe u?
Good - where's the #payrolltax cuts in this excellent plan?  Oh, trickle down - right.
Do you agree that John McCain is not a hero because he was captured? Do agree #RussiaGate is a withhunt/hoax? Ur silence speaks VOLUMES
Define "every"
Let's start with a REAL raise that benefits them right away: a living wage
Do you agree with Roy Moore views on homosexuality? On POC? Do u refer to Asians as yellows? Or do u not care as long as the lobbyists pay?
Do u agree w tRumps constant suppression of freedom of speech by POC & minority's? We're those fine ppl carrying torches in Charlottesville?
All due respect sir. You know that’s novat all true
What about Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands?
We'll see what the CBO says.
#ToomeysLastTerm
Why do i have a hard time believing you? Oh, wait.  I know why. Because you are ALL talk. You know darn well that the rich will get breaks.
By every American you really mean the wealthy ...
False.
It's not just about GDP, it's also about quality of life.
It might be time to give every American a raise, but this GOP plan doesn’t do it. Read this thread.
A few thoughts on this. I’m not seeing *anything* that benefits the lowest-income 35% of TPs, while the top 1% gets trillions of tax cuts. https://twitter.com/Goldfarb/status/913045734366248960 …
US growth on par with countries with advanced economies such as ours. Underdeveloped countries are the only ones to outdo global average.
The only way to get tax reform, repeal and replace, or anything else passed is to vote Mccain out of the republican party. Lying Dirtbag
Why is it I don't trust a word you say, oh yeah because you r a coward! Sideling up to the rich!
Nope. Raise the taxes on the rich. They don't pay enough.
Senator, can you please show us one piece of historical evidence that shows lowering corporate taxes increases employee wages? Just one.
I don't think the billionaires need a raise
@SenToomey Are you reading these remarks? You are universally believed to be a liar and self serving. Pennsylvanians dislike you.
Too bad businesses don't give pay raises.
Sigh. Hold. A. Townhall. To. Discuss.
Remember you represent people who work in Philly who pay 6.5 - 7% of their salary to state and local taxes.  Also pay hefty real estate tax
The double the standard deduction while eliminating these deductions and the exemptions will not offset or make people be able to pay less
Heck a family of four who did the standard deduction before will have $4k more in taxable income
But glad we can still itemize mortgage interest (no one will) and charitables (only the rich will)
Liar
Actually, America can get a pay raise by lowering the pay of every @GOP in congress. Do you lie to your mother like this?
The GOP tax plan also eliminates the state and local deduction, meaning middle-class families would be taxed twice on their hard-earned pay.
And the GOP tax plan will explode the deficit, which will lead the GOP to say we need to gut Medicaid, Medicare, infrastructure & education.
The GOP tax plan contains a new loophole for real estate developers, hedge fund managers, etc to lower their taxes
Why not just be honest and say "Hey Pennsylvanians, I'm fucking you over but it's okay, I'm not running for another term"?
It's time to give every American a liveable minimum wage.
Will tax reform help all those suffering in Puerto Rico? Any thoughts on them?
Including those Americans who make millions or billions of dollars? Cause I don't think they need a pay raise. I think they're just fine.
Every American? Did you miss the lesson where we learned corporations aren't people?
How about giving America a pay raise with an actual pay raise?  Vote for a living wage.
My Lord have you no shame.
And how much of a tax cut does this give YOU? Why the FUCK do billion dollar corps need a tax cut!?
NOT SO -
I would lose deduction of $16,000 for state/local tax (includes property tax), and $9000 for my husband & I.  I will end up paying more tax.
I'll believe it when I see it. Given the healthcare atrocities your party tried to foist on the public public benefit doubtful.
Remember history,Regan promised the corporate tax cuts would trickle down & create jobs...IT DIDN'T HAPPEN, with this crook it won't again
This is the ONLY way Repubs allow workers to make more, against min wage, taking jobs to Asia--and they won't provide programs needed.
How is taking away their itemizations of State and Property taxes, and mortgage interest helping to lower their tax burden?
It seems to be that it would increase their tax burden, but that's what you want right???

$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.

Any justifications for dismissing the $1.5 trillion cost of the GOP tax reform plan defy both evidence and logic: http://bit.ly/2fv1fJm  
#Americans are dying from #Erratic @realDonaldTrump's blatant negligence, and THIS is the priority?
WTF is wrong w/today's #GOP?
#ImpeachNOW
Are we talking giving rich folks a break, cause that's what y all usually do. If so the Just say NO@
Wished I could believe 
Fed min wage hasn't been "reformed" in 8yrs & has only increased $2/hr in LAST 20 YEARS. How bout u guys start with THAT reform??
And stop sparing the rich and taxing the poorest and most vulnerable with lotteries and game machines. So despicable.
I won't lower my taxes it'll raise them
And who pays for gov't then?
And then our infrastructure will be at risk. You need money to keep a country going.
So great let's do the same thing to the rest of the u.s. while raising the debt. Sounds fool proof.
Well a state tried these corporate tax cuts and wealthy cuts, no jobs, budget in shambles and no $$$ for education.
You and the rest are fake republicans. Call for fiscal responsibility and letting states be the microcosm for different ideas to be tried
Term limits!!!
Time to break out the waders, Senator.  The bullshit is starting to creep up over your expensive shoes.
It's time to stop BSing us. Help the people, not your millionare, billionare friends
I really wish I would be alive when the 'brown wave' becomes a majority and takes over from the crackers in politics today. AND I'm white.
Older white men like yourself have ruinde capitalism b/c you think that corps are ppl and actually provide something to the average person
Is that why this plan raises taxes on the lowest income earners?
Ask Kansas how they're doing
Is being braindead a requirement to work at the "think tanks" who defecate out this garbage into your waiting mouths?
So increase taxes on the wealthy and on corporations. Doesn't Exxon Mobile make like 35 b in profits EACH quarter. And is subsidized by gov?
Pat and The gang will toss us a penny for every 1000 dollars his cronie get. Then he'll tell us how that will trickle down. Transparent lies
Most of us pay too little and need govt to deliver MORE. Healthcare for all, basic income, transportable benefits, access to jobs/retraining
What the fuck are you smoking, Pat? Some good shit you won't allow us to have access to?
And just how will America pay for The Greatest Military on Earth, care for Veterans & Senior Citizens, fix our decaying infrastructure, etc?
Keep collecting those Ls Toomey!
Until I see a CBO score I'm going to assume you're lying.
C b o has not been right either
It's too bad you've done so much lying.  Now, even if you tell the truth, no one believes you.
You're taking away the stuff taxes pay for, like schools. How do you say things like this ans convince yourself you're decent
1% doesnt need tax cuts, we the people do

Like your healthcare bill!
Whoever runs this account works for an evil man
Fact. Job growth was much weaker following the George W. Bush tax cuts vs. the tax increases on high-income households under clinton and BO
Myth tax cuts create more jobs for everyone
I absolutely adore all the shade and fact checking you get on Twitter. Enjoy your term.
No, in your book it's time to give billionaires more ways to get richer, while you fight against ordinary people getting decent health care.
You are a liar - as usual
You know what would actually give Americans a pay raise? raising the minimum wage
Wrong companies would fire and do more technology
Lier. The rich will benefit far more than any if us.
How about we do the smart thing and remove a large chunk of our useless defense budget and redistribute it to those in need?
Don't forget a good portion of that is pay for that volunteer army
And a good portion of that is for Regan Era defense projects that only help the Orange County Republicans, and Boehners district.
So how are we planning on paying for the improved military and infrastructure?
We're not buying your lies.
This will only line your pockets. How much is enough? The pious act doesn't work anymore - you've shown your true self. Quit!
Why don't you try telling the truth for a change.
You sound dishonest about this.  Why?
