Was this picture taken right after your staff told them that you want to take their healthcare to give handouts to billionaires?
And not a word on the TRUMPCARE bill being fisted through senate. The Kochs want it so I guess we know where he comes in on the bill.
Please vote NO on #CassidyGraham Thank You!
Philadelphia? Where's that?
They must have had to take a private plane to get all the way from Philly to DC. Think Tom Price paid for it?
*We* paid for it! 
#eatadick
You owe your constituents what your decision is on the health care bill! PA stands to lose $6 Billion! That's a lot of pay to play paybacks

Yeah where were you Pat, on the ranch with the Kochs?
Thank you for taking the time to meet with students from Philadelphia. Are you planning to meet with voters in Philadelphia at a townhall?
Notice HE didn't meet with them. Just his staff. Our esteemed senator is afraid of Philadelphians.
He's afraid of Pennsylvanians.
Too busy sucking Koch money from the Kochs.
His only priority.
How about spending time on a decent healthcare bill? Instead of trying to give tax breaks to your rich friends?
How about you touring Philly Senator ? Dare you!
Why do you support this bill? https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/911933970421551105 … #GrahamCassidyNO
This is remarkable. In unprecedented joint letter, the entire American health care system - 1/6 of the economy - rejects Graham-Cassidy. 

Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
Vote no on graham-Cassidy.
Your staff but not you?
So you were a no-show just like at your town hall meetings?
Did you tell them your stance on Graham-Cassidy? Because you won't tell us. Voting yes or no? (Hint: We hope you vote no.) Thank you.
Did your staff assure them you would vote no to graham cassidy?
I bet they didn't see you
Give them a healthy future! #healthcareforALL  #saveACA
He could kill us all.  You could stop this
Wow @SenToomey ! Your approval ratings are slipping into @POTUS or even @GovChristie status  hahaha! PA hates you
Shame you don't talk with your constituents from Philadelphia!
Vote no on garbage health bill
How about you be a hero and call out your fellow congressmen for taking money from Russia and Cambridge Analytica? Or are you one of them?

Wow. "Mueller Scorches the Earth" http://bit.ly/2xtQY6p 
Did you tell those kids that you voted to destroy their environment? And voted to eliminate their health care? Pitiful ...
Please, please make sure that you vote to assure these kids, and all Pennsylvania kids, have access to healthcare.
Ok. I see. We have to come to the capital for a town hall. Right?  When will it be?
Too busy meeting with big Pharma!
Typical Toomey. Pitiful.
Hey how about inviting me and others who employ u? Wait never you'd have to answer real questions and look us in the eye
How many of those children will lose their healthcare and school lunches.  How many will you strip of these needed programs.
Still silent?  Which side of this table will you place your name?  Pick the right side of history, vote NO!!!
The ultimate question on Graham-Cassidy.

Feel free to share if it helps people. 
Try reading Isaiah 10:1- 4...for you 'Christians' who support this atrocity that he is pushing to please cheeto jesus. Not very Christian!
I bet you didn't tell them you plan on voting to take away their insurance did you?
well done senator John MCCain. A Republican with a conscience who does the right thing
He about YOU spend time with Your constituents???
did you manage to tell them how you support our racist president?
Your staff was just happy to spend time with ANYONE but you.
Did you tell them that you are trying to kick them,their parents grandparents aunts and uncles and all their friends off health insurance?
NO ON #Cassidy-Graham
Well, at least we  know he meets with SOME of his constituents!
Stop GrahamCassidy
Did you happen to let them in to your secret plan for ACA repeal vote? Yes, no, still deciding? Silence less than a week out is unacceptable
In a country of Thomas Edison Henry Ford, Steve Jobs,  Bill Gates, we can't  come up with universal healthcare like the rest of the planet?
That's lovely. I wonder how many of them will be hurt if Graham  Cassidy passes the Senate? No repeal! A bipartisan fix for the ACA!
Interesting how a comment can get 60 likes but ALL actual REPLIES are scolding. Let's hope your supporters are just as tepid in 2022. 18041
No protesting - that is Great!
"Students, if you look over here, you'll see the room where we plot and scheme in secret to take health care from millions of people..."
I hope your family hates you as much as we do. #PatTheRat
If only they knew you are going to take their heathcare away.  Here's a photo of some Philly Moms http://philadelphia.cbslocal.com/2017/05/12/philadelphia-mothers-gather-for-health-care-protest/ …  
Too bad you couldn't tell them how you made history by supporting health Care w a NO vote. Instead your legacy will be small & meaningless
Did you tell them that you are trying to take their health care away from them?  Why can't you be a mench like Senator McCain?
Where is your statement on G-C? Vote no on the G-C "healthcare" bill. http://dhss.alaska.gov/Documents/Pdfs/Alaska-DHSS-Graham-Cassidy-Impact-20170921.pdf …
Is Toomey a #Kochtapus?
How many groups must oppose the G-C bill in order for you to make a statement concerning the bill or to vote "no". http://www.actuary.org/files/publications/GCHJ_092217.pdf …
Too bad you won't visit your constituents in that city.  #coward #TwoTermToomey

Did tell them about DeVos taking away rape protection from victims ?
Now try having a town hall! Not your staff -- *YOU*. (Ya shirking goblin.)
You cheated. Now you're tryin2kill us. Vile traitorous scum
Russian op helps Trump win election. Trump says never happened. Trump hits legal trouble. Russian-connected billionaire pays his legal bills https://twitter.com/yashar/status/911323084598206464 …
Now I get it.  He's running for President.
I respectfully ask you to vote NO on the Graham Cassidy bill.  It is shameful. 32 million people! Please do the right thing Sir.
How many students of color are you going to slam with your shitty healthcare plan as well as other people of color supporting Trump policy??
And thanks for helping to take away their healthcare! I'm sure they liked that part of the tour the best!
Why don't you return the favor and visit Philadelphia?
Vote no on Trump care
And why don't you hold a town hall. Quit letting your staff do all the work!  #coward!
Well, that is the least you could do for constituents that may NOT be old enough to vote for you!!!
America needs you to vote no on cassidy graham
Please vote no on cassidy graham
Your staff. God forbid you actually meet with any PA residents.
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy...
How could you look them n their faces know how u vote on the bills that effcts their lives? Fight 4 those who cant 4 themselves. Do ur job!
Still no relief for student loans borrowers 1.3 trillion dollars in debt
Stand up with John McCann VOTE NO on the health bill!!!
Did you tell them you don't want them to have access to affordable healthcare?
You don't expect wealthy Toomey to mingle with riff raff do You?
Honestly, my hope is everyday your staff thinks 'Another awful day of citizens calling to scream at me cuz my boss wants to murder ppl'.
But you couldn't be there as you were afraid to tell these kids they were losing their healthcare, right?

Vote no on that deathcare bill being shoved through the senate.  remember, you work for us (for now), not the RNC!
Please vote NO #GrahamCassidy.
I have a NO vote I'd like you to visit too.  #NoGrahamCassidy
How about coming to Philly in person....for a town hall.
Please serve the good people of PA and vote NO on #GrahamCassidy Every person you represent deserves affordable health insurance!
Now back to work, to prevent them from voting. Heckuva job!
How about meeting your constituents in Philly? Remember us?
Oh, great. Well constituents in Philadelphia would really enjoy an audience with YOU. A #phillytownhall perhaps?!
Hello Senator! Are you voting No on the latest cruel Trumpcare version? hope you have courage like #SenJohnMcCain & #Murkowski #Collins
That's nice. Now, I vote against your despicable Healh care bill.
So did you pop in and say "Hey " or are you just using these children as a photo opportunity to make yourself look less cruel?
Did you assure them that when they become senior citizens they won't be able to get health insurance if Graham/Cassidy gets passed?
Too. It's begging for cash to stop by and say hi or are you afraid of little kids as well as your adult constituents?
From Philadelphia!  See? We DO exist!
Wonder if they know you are planning on voting to rid them of health care protection? Probably not, but you do. How do you sleep at night??
Vote NO on Cassidy-Graham!!!
50 states, 50 Medicaid State Officials ALL said the new healthcare bill was a bad bill
..and you STILL are undecided???  WOW!!!!!
Did you tell them you were planning to vote on a bill that would take their healthcare away??
So that's where they were today. <voicemail full>
Where was your lazy ass?
These kids have pre existing (they were born) conditions & you tried to end their healthcare! They are future burned out shell voters
Did you tell them that you want to take away healthcare for most of them.
I bet you and your staff would enjoy spending time with your constituents at a town hall even more!
Vote no on the G-C healthcare bill. Philadelphia Inquirer says 20% could lose coverage. You represent them too. Do the right thing.
Did you tell them how you care so much about education that you voted yes to Devos?
And what students were they
Ensure those students & their fams have comprehensive affordable healthcare. GOP Repeal Plan won't care 4 their health.  #NoGrahamCassidy
2-D Toomey hiding in his roomie
You need to get to work stopping the dismantling of the ACA or we'll going to dismiss you as our Senator Patty.  Do your job and vote no
Oh and vote no on Graham-Cassidy.  Thanks!  15116
How about you visit your constituents in Western PA?
coward
Wow, those kids look absolutely thrilled!
Did your staff show them the back room where you try to gut their healthcare and future?
And I'm certain every one of those students urged you to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
These are the exact people you will harm if you support aca repeal
Arranging the deck chairs on the Titanic?
Please vote no to Graham-Cassidy.  Thank you!
How many of those beautiful students will get inferior health care or lose loved ones if you vote for graham-cassidy?
All of them!
Your staff of grumps, stonewallers, and overall unhelpful lackeys don't seem to enjoy much of anything.
Did you explain that they could join your staff if they are skilled at hanging up on callers asking you to save their health care? #SaveACA
Day 2 in the Chemo chair for my husband. Graham-Cassidy would make insurance unaffordable for All Cancer Patients #VoteNoGrahamcassidy
I hope your husband has a speedy recovery and permanent cure, Terry!
They should be answering the phones!Not going on tours when your constituents are trying to call to tell u 2 vote NO on #deathcare bill!
I haven't been able to get through to your phones for three days because no one has answered!
wonder if his fax machines are answering? Time to Fax Bomb our senator. DC (202) 228-0284 For local offices https://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=offices 
Wow! Something good about Philly since according to you it is one of the worst, most dangerous sanctuary cities.
Please grow a backbone and join hero @SenJohnMcCain by voting no on #CassidyGraham or can't you wean yourself off Koch Bros. $$$ ?
Toomey the No Show senator
Hey Pat, did you tell them about how hard you are working to take away their healthcare and protections for preexisting conditions??
Well we sure as hell know they could spend time w you in Philly since you'll never do a town hall there.
Too bad you're too cowardly to meet their parents (& other constituents) in a real Town Hall in Philly. Shameful. #NoGrahamCassidy
Why don’t you come meet with constituents in a town hall? What are you scared of? Sen Casey does over a dozen each recess, like a real Sen.
I see what you did there, sending your staff to interact with Philly kids.
They look like you just told them about how you support kicking millions off healthcare.
Don't abandon us on health care.
Philly? They traveled from that far away land to see you? You should return that favor!
Notice how he states "my staff" which means he did not spend anytime with them since they don't have millions to donate to his campaign!
Did you explain to them why you're voting to gut their health insurance?
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
