Toomeys event was NOT a town hall
• It had eight people
• It was invite only
• He hasn't held a town hall since 2015
PATHETIC. This is what Toomey and @abc27 are calling a town hall. EIGHT people, invite only. There are more outside. http://abc27.com/always-on/  
Why is Senator Toomey afraid to talk to the Pennsylvanians NOT invited to his eight-person "town hall" ?
Protesters outside abc27 during Sen. Toomey town hall @abc27News 
Perhaps it's bc Toomey led the push for Medicaid cuts, which allows many of the Pennsylvanians outside to survive
Toomey's wheelchair-bound constituents stopped by police as he holds closed town hall on TV. @SenToomey @abc27 
Just last week I called Toomey's office around the corner & found out just how unpopular Toomey's healthcare plan is
My conversation with a Senator Toomey Harrisburg aide 
Liar ... you hide from constituents like a scared dog !
Pat Toomey Co Sponsor the Safe Act H.R.113. 
Stop slaughtering America's Wild and Domestic Equines.
We the People DO NOT WANT our HORSES to be Slaughtered! Horses are NOT FOOD! Support the SAFE ACT! #Horsesarenotfood
Town hall my behind.   That's same twisting of facts as your "wonderful" health care plan's facts.  It's all bs
Pathetic!
8 people you picked is not a town hall.  You are a liar and betray Pennsylvanians any chance you get.
That was no Townhall. #CowardToOmey
It is not a "Town Hall" when the far right Sinclair Group, (buying ABC27) picks the participants.
ABC27 is being bought by the Sinclair Group, which forces local news stations to air Right-Wing Propaganda
Senator, stop pretending that was a genuine town hall instead of a softball propaganda session
Did you write the questions.
That was NOT a Town Hall and you know it. Have a PUBLIC Town Hall where everyone is welcome.
It's really too bad you don't have the courage to face real voters. More disappointment from a disappointing senator.
You need to work for the people of PA. Not the special interests and certainly not for the excuse we have for POTUS.
but none of us was invited? Not sure how that constitutes a town hall. Be brave and stand up and defend your positions.Don't run and hide
Not a town hall, U did not answer questions that were asked, or allow follow-up.  Insist on Senate hearings before vote.  What r you hiding
Town Hall? Really? Come on! You're kidding, right?
#vampire. Sucking the life from PA residents.
@SenToomey attacking #philly and keeping philadelphians out is not a town hall. Govt. should be for your people, not against them.
That wasn't a #townhall and you answered nothing from the people of PA
Farce
I know my 88 YO mother would have loved an actual town hall, since she still awaits a reply to the sincere letter she wrote you.
He'll send her a form letter filled with condescension and fake sincerity. That's all he ever does.
When I write to @SenToomey about how #ACA protections keep my family alive, he sends me a form letter saying ACA "is fundamentally wrong."
Clearly giving your note a careful read...
You've proved by voting record you don't listen to constituents. This so- called  "town hall" was no more than a free campaign spot.
Disgraceful!
I see you're posting frequently, perhaps to get your invite-only town hall post farther down the page. Out-of-sight Out-of-mind won't work.
it was such a select few.  I can't afford cable, have pre-existing health issue, can't get ABC27 on my free TV!!
Try actually meeting your constituents in person, you man-baby
Use television in a rural area to hide from your constituents! #RESIST @womensmarch
I feel ya. Hard not to be mad at Dem. Voters for not showing up.  Need to stay positive
And I hope you appreciate the fact that the great majority of Americans are highly satisfied with the current ACA. Tweak Ok, replace NO!!
Town hall meetings are in person events not hiding in a studio somewhere!
Your self-selected invited guests. "From across PA" BS!
They protected you! You are afraid to have an open town hall.
That wasn't a town hall!
Yeah I'm sure those eight constituents allowed in were real pleased to talk to you
It isn't a town hall if  you're A) Not in an actual town hall and B) have no constituents in the room.  Putz! @SenToomey @abc27News
You had protesters in wheelchairs arrested without ever facing them. What a man.
Toomey is a coward.
Selected audience, how fair is that?

Does 8 hand picked people with pre approved questions constitute a town hall these days? The truth seems so difficult for u & ur party WHY?
At this rate, it will only take you 4,384 YEARS to reach all of #Pennsylvania. I face bigger crowds from the opposing party at THANKSGIVING.
I'm wondering who the hell was stupid enough to re-elect this guy! He's a failure and a liar and he's not doing the job he was elected to do
Stop patting yourself on the back. You answered screened, filtered questions and you're still afraid to meet with your constituents! #LOSER
HA!
This wasn't a town hall. You're a liar. Try again. #ToomeyTownHall
You are an embarrassment to my home state. I can't wait to move back and vote you out. This will be your last term. #PApride #Embarassing
Fake senator
Except for Philadelphia. Fuck those people.
You're pathetic
Too bad PA didn't really have the chance to ask questions.  They did elect you after all.  Maybe you should listen to them and not hide.
#VoteNoBCRA
Looks more like a focus group than town hall to me. Your constituents want a real town hall.
SO why not answer the people  TRUTHFULLY?
Not a townhall. And @NationalADAPT were left out and arrested along with most of #realPA
When you don't stand up & defend your stances when many disagree you look like you can't rather than explaining why you think you are right.
Selected  favorable crowd  nice & drug addicts  but  not me  burned out shell voter say no to TOOMEY & GOP Genocide Senators
Who was allowed to attend this townhall?
Shame there were no followup questions. Employers mentioned 19 times w/changes, what happens to the closed donut hole #Medicare drug plan?
If you want to answer questions from across PA, hold real town halls. We have questions abt why you want to kill us!
It's not a town hall when 8 people are invited! If you thought BCRA was good for #RealPA you would not be hiding.
Disparaging and politicizing the CBO and the professional wonks who provide quality data was not your finest hour.#disappointed
people in wheelchairs were arrested because you can't be bothered with democracy.
Not across PA. You have a massive image problem exacerbated by dodging your constituents .
My fave was your bs response to keeping big $$ in politics -- it helps for fair elections?! Ha! It funds incumbents over challengers.
you couldn't even have 50% women with 8 people? No Latino or Asians? Anyone under 30? Doesn't matter it was a campaign speech not town hall
You own Too@eycare
SAD excuse for a town hall.
8 people is a focus group, not a town hall!  #shameful
When exactly was the last time you voted in anyone's interest over your own?  When was the last time you voted what the ppl asked you to?
Unless wheelchair bound constituents ask the wrong questions.  Then of course you have them arrested you dirt bag!!
A TV appearance is NOT town hall!  Face us, look us in the eyes, and answer our questions.  Do your job!
A town hall meeting: (1) occurs in a town hall, (2) is open to the public, and (3) is hosted by a public servant that actually cares.
Are you taking a page out of the Russian playbook? Sure seems like it. 8 people, by invitation, is not a townhall meeting. @JoeNBC
That was a charade. Propaganda. Don't insult your constituents by labeling it a 'town hall'. We weren't even welcome
Sounds to me like you're a pretty bad Senator afraid of his constituents.
Thank you. You just made it even more clear that you do NOT represent me!
8 people is not a town hall
You r a coward. If you can't face your constituents, if you have wheelchair bound voters arrested-you have no place soiling our senate
You are not a representative of Pennsylvanias! You ARE a representative of the wealthy!
Absolutely disgusting! You need to face your constituency!
Why not really meeting with your constituents?
Invitation only. How brave of you. 
You are definitely not an example of the courage of you conviction. What a joke.
What are you afraid of?
You are a coward who loves Putin and power more than people and democracy. Shame. Shame. Shame.
Fake town hall meeting. When is your Philly town hall?
8 people is not a town hall. Almost as many were arrested protesting you n your stance on healthcare. Listen to ur voters, not ur donors.
LMAO
Coward.
.
Fake town hall. Sad.
You mean your invite only "town hall" with a police barricade blocking your constituents in wheelchairs? You are a coward.
It wasn't a town hall. You are too cowardly to actually face your constituents. Murderer. #SavetheACA
It's not a town hall unless the town is invited.  What's going on behind closed doors? U must b afraid of ur constituents. BOO we found u !
You're too cowardly to be in the room with your constituents.
For #2020 you should practice saying, would you like fries with that.  @KatieMcGintyPA should be in your seat.
Missed it was Toomey really at a town hall ?  Not a hologram ?
No. It was 8 invited people with prescreened questions. That's not a town hall.
8 people does not a #TownHall make. Why are you scared to meet with your constituents? Why do you want to take away healthcare?
You're a pathetic man.
What's your vote on BRCA?
Not a town hall when you won't let the people outside attend, and have them arrested.  Man you better hope heaven has pity on you.
DVRed it and am watching now Senator Toomey. Appreciating the forum and your comments. #TakeCareOfPa
Please stop pretending to do your job.
A town hall is literally supposed to be a public event where the town can come to a hall and ask questions. This was not a town hall.
8 people constitutes a town hall? No. Arresting disabled constituents? Really? Stop hiding & lying. We aren't stupid & can see through you.
Except you didn't really answer many of them.
Stop. Calling. It. A. Town. Hall. Oh and way to dodge those questions about stakeholders. Oh, oh and Philly hates you even more now .
You answered softball questions, with no follow up and no one challenging your lies. And why no questions from Philadelphia?
You only let in 8 people to a Town Hall? What kind of scam is that?
WOW! #tombstonetoomey 
#D7PA
You call approx 10 ppl, invited a REAL townhall.? What are you afraid of?
A committee hearing would have more than 8 people.  Not that you warmed up with this little meeting, try some hearings next.
Town hall!?!  Ha! Alternative fact or joke?!? 8 ppl? Q's pre-screened? Toomey is a JOKE that's not funny!  #UworkForUs  #CountryB4Party
This wasn't a town hall so much as a Potemkin Village #ToomeyTownHall
This =/= townhall

#RealPA is writing, emailing, faxing, calling you to #ProtectOurCare, yet no invite?

8 people you invited doesn't count.
Plz consider picking up ur phone once in a while. Thx. -- ur constituent
#LooneyToomey doesn't know a "Town hall" open for all ppl and a "televised exclusive invite-only meeting" aren't the same thing!
Shame on 27 News for perpetrating a fraud. "Town Hall?" Nope. Eight people - invite only? A Trump Hall maybe. Sad day for democracy.
Text RESIST to 50409 and the Resistbot will fax letters to Congress for you. It only takes a few minutes.
Cowardly little event.
Please don't degrade the concept of town halls by pretending this event was one. This was a sham.
Toomey should be appalled at his treatment of his constituents
Sorry, I missed the town hall. I do have a question Why should public believe GOP when it has a history of lying to public?
@SenToomey doesn't give a rat's a$$ abt his constituents.He pledged allegiance to his donors only.No conscience, no moral compass & a coward
This is what cowardice looks like.
A town Hall is more than 8 people and doesn't pre-screen questions. Why are you scared of your constituents?
#ToomeyTownHall #NoBackBonePat
You are a liar, a crook and an awful human. I'm ashamed you represent my state.
Not a good Reply-to-retweet ratio, my dude.
8 people? I had bigger dinner parties in my old NYC studio apartment. Pathetic.
8 invite only people! Why are you afraid of those who elected you? Shameful!
It was a sham.  Hold a real town hall and get informed about what your constituents want you to do with Tumpcare.
Stop calling it a town hall. It was handpicked audience of supporters to "yes" U to death... the death of millions u r forcing off medicaid
Honest how do you sleep at night? How do you lk @ ur kids and say I did my best when all u do is voteprty lines dont care who it hurts SAD
I knew it was invite only but seriously. EIGHT people 
What no allowing us to knw time and place having a cpl people who agree w u and always vote party lines to support u isnt a twnhall VOTE NO
Come to Pittsburgh
Canned talking points to a prepped and pre-screened audience. *Slow clap*
when will you stop the lying?
What time is the in-person for the Philly area?
Please protect your constituents' health care and vote no on an ACA replacement!
Not a town hall.
An 8 person town hall? That's a Girl Scout meeting
ACROSS PA????? 8 people don't reach very far. #faketownhall  #yourenotdistractingus
ABC news studio is not a town hall! How about the a public place in Nepa the fits 500 people
What a sham! And this from a guy who just got reelected for 6 more years.
That was not a town hall. Meet the people you work for or resign.
Coward.
Nice try.
It would've been nice if you actually invited the town
How about announcing when a town hall is going to happen rather than after the fsct
Pat, 8 people at a town hall mtg? How fake and disgusting... have you no shame?
Why don't you actually talk to your constituents?
This was NOT a town hall. You don't screen questions at a townhall. A townhall isn't invite-only. What are you afraid of? #coward #hypocrite
Eight people in attendance. You are a coward.
Well not ALL across PA. You left out the #Philly market.
A private 8-person event isn't a townhall by any definition. You don't even have the   decency to talk to the folks who pay your bills.
You are a coward. If you pass this healthcare you are also a man hellbent on killing vulnerable people.
You need to be voted out of office - you refuse to speak to your constituents, tell the truth, and provide PA with healthcare with this plan

You don't know what Pennsylvanians are asking because you don't care#coward
You work for your constituents.  You need to listen to them. My hard earned money is paying you and for WHAT!?!?
When are you going to hold a PUBLIC town hall Senator? It's nice that you can go behind locked doors with supporters and all but...
Coward!
I'm not even in PA but you are a coward and do not represent your constituents
Wait a minute here, you were actually out in public?
I hope this is recorded.  So we can fact check your lies.  Our Economy was STRONG because of President Obama despite the GOP dragging.
Doesn't sound like s town hall
You DAM HEARTLESS LIAR
You also appreciated the opportunity to arrest constituents with disabilities. We won't forget. #SaveMedicaid #ProtectOurCare #PhoneyToomey
You're an embarrassment. Everyone knows that you screened the tiny crowd. You can't hide.
8 people is a "town hall" like these princelings are "the majority." After you're out of ofc, reflect @ yr leisure.
Coward.
Couldn't even find it in Philadelphia. You are a sham.
Toomey the Coward
This was in NO WAY a town hall. Face your constituents, you coward.
OMG that was NOT a townhall meeting!
do you really think we Pennsylvanians are that stupid!!!!!!
Across PA means selected pockets of people you've duped.
