Ah ha ha aha ha aha haha haa. They wanted to know what you are hearing from your constituents. Aha aha ha aha haa ha ha h ha. ANSWER: A LOT.
What did the lying liar say?
He said the people who object are loud and the people who don't object are not saying much. Ah HAh ah ha ha ha ha hadh ahah a hahaha ha haha
All 47 of them.
Right. And most of the 47 are not in PA. And some are bots.
Instead of talking to TV hosts, maybe you should talk to your constituents instead. #coward #whereispattoomey
Nothing but lies! Damn just admit you hate America, women and children! You must hate them, you want to kill them.
PA Sen Toomey DISAGREES with CBO assessment that 23 million Americans who have Health Care now will lose it w/#TrumpCare #ToomeyCare
Pretty big bet he's taking.
Please answer why you refuse to hold live #TownHall sessions with your constituents? Simple question
Because he's not dumb enough to walk into a stacked audience and be ambushed?You people don't care about anything except making GOP look bad
You can't "intervene early" in Health issues, if people are not covered by Health Insurance.
At least Thank God, you are "opposed" to the US/Putin super-cybersecurity collaboration proposed by Trump.
Sorry I missed your MOJO visit. Only time WE (Pennsylvanian's) get to see YOU. Are YOU so ashamed of your job performance you won't meet US?
How do u justify giving the 400 wealthiest families a tax cut if u r soooooo worried about fiscal spending. BS BS BS BS!
ABC27 is being bought far-right Sinclair Group. They picked your mock "Town Hall" participants. That is NOT a real PUBLIC Town Hall.
Did tune it, where did U hold a town hall meeting? Good criticism of Pres.Trump on mtg w/Putin. But dead wrong on HEALTHCARE & GOVERNORS!!!
Your constituents care about BOTH Health Care AND The Kremlin Takeover. Your constituents can multitask.
Finally took a FOX news break ! Was it scary being on a new network ??
Toomey what a weak pathetic RINO. Tough guy goes on MSNBC to bash the Republican base. Won't forget come primary time
AWESOME, Pat is now FAKE NEWS. News flash, Republicans dont watch MSM, and Hate anyone that goes on. Run Dem next time #MEGA #CNNBlackmail
How bout you join with your constituents in am open dialog? #wheresToomey
To discuss robbing Pennsylvanians of their health care or how you never had a plan for health care b/c u didn't think DT was going to win?
I know it's BS! I mean REALLY? U didn't even know who the nominee was going 2 be for years before Trump became the nominee. Had yrs to plan!
Thank goodness you do not believe soliciting Kremlin assistance in American politics is appropriate. Thank goodness.
Why in the world would you go on that show?!?   You guys really need to take a page out of the Dems book when it comes to talk shows.
I dare you to speak up and say Trump's tweets about Joe and Mika were inappropriate.
Shame on you
Were you really expecting @realDonaldTrump to not be a disappointment in his meeting with Putin? Please you're not that stupid. 
Thank you for speaking directly about P. Trump's meeting with Putin. Additional frankness is needed. Trump is acting like a Russian asset.
I'm on fixed income,  Medicare is reasonable, but can't afford cable!!  Be careful Sen Toomey
hey, how about spending more time talking with your constituents at town hall mtgs!?
Toomey re medicaid "The Republican Governors like having a lot of free money thrown at them." Rsp: Gov's can't "Build Ferris-Wheels" w/$$$
You are a coward!  Hold a real town hall and look us in the eyes!!!!
He has not held a townhall, he rarely pucks up phone
You got him on phone??
His aides.  Very infreguently, but yes.
Oh ok.  I thought you got the little man on the phone.  Still proud of you though.  Zip 19454.
The peopl e you need to talk to are the people of PA.  When was the last time you held a Town Hall for any of your constituents?
A real town hall Sensor Toomey, not an ABC 27 rigged show, not real town hall!!
Why would you be on air with #CrazyJoeMika
Keep trying to get that tax cut pushed through. Your plan is shit and we all know it. Put YOUR family on it if it is so great.
Dear Senator Toomey Saw you on Morning Joe. I am not happy Stop trying get more money for the top 5 % & fund healthcare for PA people!
But instead of being honest about being a never Trumper you ride that line because then you can do ,maximum damage
And as usual the only thing you care about is yourself like the other elites in Washington.   This am was a never Trump love fest
Your negative medical comment was intentional and one that the Dems could tie to Trump.  This is about preventing Trump winning in 2020
We saw your disappointing anti Trump traitor self.   Trying everything you can to derail any hope of healthcare and making Pres look bad
I hope they bring up how much your constituents hate you!
Bahaha!!! The John McCain media training correspondence course is really immersive!  
So much time for the press and none to have a #TownHall?  I've said it before, but you really are a #coward!! #NoTrumpCare #savetheACA

At 10 years old, Liam wrote a letter to @realDonaldTrump about his mom’s fragile health. Liam’s voice is definitely one we need to hear: 
How many lies did you tell Comrade Pat?  When are u having a Pittsburgh town hall?  Also, one that isn't stacked with your peeps. #Trumpcare
Why not meet your constituents?
Please go away toomey  we need a real senator not a trump lap dog! Just retire and slink back into the swamp you came from
Sure hope they ask you why you won't hold REAL town hall meetings ANYWHERE in PA with the people you are to serve, @SenToomey
How about facing your constituents instead of selling your crappy healthcare plan on tv shows?  Coward.
Why do Dems come here to rant?
Unless you plan to speak out against Trumpcare & call for further investigations into Russia's interference w our election, don't bother.
I did not vote for you on 2016 and I will not vote for you in 2020.  Those who did should have  listened to @KatieMcGintyPA
I call your offices everyday demanding a townhall. You're a fraud and a misogynist.
Another chance for you to spew bigotry, hatred, and lies.  You're an immoral liar supporting the ravings of the traitor @realDonaldTrump.
Nah. I'd rather watch Christmas in July Yule Log on channel 979
Sure hope they call u out for running fake Town halls & lying about ur attempt to take healthcare from the poor- to give tax break 2 rich
Why so hard for u & other Repubs to explain that AFCA's drastically reduced reimbursements to hospitals 4 Medicaid patients is unsustainable
And key driver in the poor losing healthcare under Obamacare!
#TownHall
Toomey lies, Grandma dies
Try listening to your constituents - ALL YOUR VOICEMAIL BOXES ARE FULL #ERIE #ALLENTOWN #PHILADELPHIA #PITTSBURG #WILKESBARRE #JOHNSTOWN
Explain why after 4 years and campaign promises no health plan. Because you did'nt think Trump would win! WTF
pleas ask Toomey why he's hosting an invite only town hall!! #notmysenator
It's about time you speak out about this debacle that is our executive branch! Kudos!
Good job Senator. #a PA voter
Did you talk about the @POTUS giving away our nation to Vladimir Putin?
No thanks.  Too early for that kinda bullshit from you.  STILL NO BCRA, BHCA, AHCA.  NO NO NO ZIP 19454
You're in for a rough morning and the people of PA will be taking notes.
Oh good it will be a segment filled w hot air & lies
My G-d your defense of this bill is heartless and scary. All to give tax breaks to millionaires. What Pennsylvanian's want this???
He likes being in front of the cameras, but not in the stage speaking and listening to constituents.
This constituent has equal concerns about Russian interference AND your Healthcare bill.
Toomey keeps lying about that crappy TrumpCare plan. It will cause millions of Medicaid recipients to lose coverage
Nothing like a RINO on a liberal news show.
i listened to U. Ur belief that the able body poor are not worthy (include WWC) of insurance!
shameful!
Why in the hell would you join them Libatards bastardo's?
watch it they are treacherous
Also you told them about a townhall where YOU invited certain ppl to it. Not open to everyone. Pls listen to your constituents!!
I did and they called you out about rural hospitals suffering from this new HC bill! And yes we are angry in PA!
How about a town hall? @toomeytownhall @TuesdaysToomey @TuesToomeyHBG @TuesdayToomeyLV @SenBobCasey
Stick to your principles Pat...don't blindly put party before principles
You didn't answer the question about the poor.The poor causes the huge debt. Have the courage to say:The poor are expendable. U R cruel
Also interesting to hear about your "Town Hall Meeting" last week.
When we gonna see you at a town meeting @SenToomey
It's sad not one person supports you on Twitter not one

I stopped watching them when they started taking calls from Trump. You know how that worked out.
I was fascinated to hear what you're hearing from your constituents. When? How?
Imagine my surprise when you talked about Trump&Russia on MSNBC. I don't remember see you speak on this before. Oh wait, we barely see you.
Disappointed in your discussion of "entitlement programs" & your desire to cut. You failed to discuss Republican tax cuts for wealthy. Shame
BOT
I have family in beaver falls pa who said if you all repeal aca and give tax cuts tjey will vote for who ever challenges you fyi
Good message! GOPers actually believe they are better & deserve more than poor, elderly & disabled. Disgusting, shameful.
Beaver Falls is one of the redest parts of western pan trump won by 15
You showed your true colors! Take from the rich and give to the poor! You couldn't answer that question with yes hospitals support me
Saw you mention a town hall meeting on MSNBC, remind us please, when& where was this? How many Pennsylvanians attended? My BS alarm went off
U use CBO score for all other bills, but it's wrong just for your shitty healthcare bill? Liar!
Time to get rid of that traitor in chief.
It's a tax cut! Also the issue that needs to be adddessed is the COSTS of health services. Prices are all over the place and out of control
Earned Benefits are Earned Benefits. They are not entitlements. We paid for this with hard work. Respect that.
Very disappointed in how you jumped on the president bashing.
Repeal and Replace Pat Toomey
If only we could.
When he's up for re-election get the Democrats out to the polls. Vote him out
We have six long years w his nonsense
5.5 but who's counting? 
That was some serious bullshit you spewed about the CBO score and cuts to Medicaid. You and @SpeakerRyan should go out for beers sometime.
Lame
#TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
FLASHBACK: Don Jr. July 24, 2016. On the Clinton campaign's claims that the Russians were helping Trump: "It's disgusitng. It's so phony." 
#TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
Bush 43 WH ethics lawyer on NYT story/Donald Trump Jr. and Kushner meeting with Russian lawyer: “This borders on treason” via @MSNBC 
#TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
FLASHBACK: Mike Pence January 2017.

Q: Did any Trump campaign member have contact with the Russians?…
Watching Morning Joe people don't just care about healthcare they care about Trump/Russia just as much stop lying
Why do you have time to be on this program but not to meet with your constituents?
Nice job sitting in with the #MSNBCiles. As succinctly as you explained healthcare plan, their eyes rolled to the back of their sockets.
You just lied on @Morning_Joe about the Republican Healthcare bill. No one called you on it. PA voters will.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Are they constituents?
I am repeatedly amazed you talk about your bill as entitlement reform, yet never speak to the size of the taxcut and who gets
The Koch Brothers ordered him to not talk about the tax cuts.
And The DeVos, and big Insurance
I can't wait to hear you explain again that the Russia thing is just overblown, or about the HC legislation that has zero chance of passing
Entitlements? What are gov't employee pensions? After a very competitive wage + vacation/personal days/benefits-you pay them a 2nd wage -???
^^^ You have people retiring in their 50's. Please start HERE instead of with poor people. Make sense?
Leader on health care. Your leadership will devastate the poor and most vulnerable. All for tax cuts. Hear this - you are WRONG.
From PA. Listening to you justify Senate "health" bill on @Morning_Joe. Disappointing to say the least.  Pathetic.  It will fail.
U almost said "My Russian Colleagues in the House" before correcting to "Republican Colleagues". A Freudian Slip? #TrumpRussia #TrumpLand
He was right when he said Russian. Crooked bastards all of them.
Why bother , you know their drill ?
Maybe they can ask you when you'll be holding a real town hall?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME??????? You are fooling NO ONE. #worsethanSantorum
Ask @morningmika if she has recovered from her facelift. I heard the surgeon Messi's it up! @realDonaldTrump #whyareyouonmsnbc
You just LIED on MJ - Said you held a Town Hall - YOU DID NOT!
He was just on channel 21 it was about a week ago taking questions from all over
Keep up with the media tour- when AHCA fails all these clips will be great during your next campaign to prove your incompetence.
I can't.  I hate that show.
Yeah, it's no Casey Louis Show. But not everyone can be so blessed with talent and toweringly successful.
Towers are made to come down...just remember that.
OK
Will you be apologizing on behalf of the toddler you call your president? #ToomeyTheTool
Why would you be on that show?
Thank for your honest response to trumpito/putin's G20 meeting
you slimy weaselly enabling coward.  Trump/Russia will stain your party for a generation
Don't embarrass us too badly!
Say no to the AHCA- we need healthcare - not a tax break. Rich people should pay more actual taxes, not fewer. The USA needs infrastructure
Happy Monday! Hope you enjoyed your recess @SenToomey! Would be great to see you in public and get to talk.
This is about the most public you're going to see from this clown.
I really hope they rip you up, doubt it, but one can hope. This I will be watching.
They didnt...they dont do that save for.cheeto
President Cheeto.... or my favorite the Grand Cheeto.
My bad, i do respect the office
Still not a townhall pat
