Pretty weak statement. How many American politicians are funded by Russia? This is looking bad. Where is your August Town Hall going to be?
show some balls dude, trump needs to go
Can you resign so we can get a representative who speaks for us?
@SenateGOP please chose country over party - Trump's actions have placed the intelligence community in jeopardy.  Please execute oversight!
this is @GOP rhetoric and lies. The FBI and American people have tons more trust in Comey than in @GOP
I think an update to your statement is needed given the reasons changed and the additional threats and insults towards Comey by POTUS
It is UP TO YOU to demand a special prosecutor? What are you waiting for? The other shoe to drop? It will be yours in 5 years
Senator in light of @POTUS 's admission of obstruction of justice in firing Dir. Comey, do you still believe the "timing was unfortunate?"
78% of Americans want an independent commission or prosecutor for the Russian probe. What the hell are you waiting for? Lead, dammit!
I can see the TV ads already, soft on Trump, Toomey endorses Trumpcare,  Russian collusion, etc bad 4 jobs, bad 4 pa
Don't forget he voted for Betsy Devos after she donated $64k to him
Toomey Offices: 
202 224-4254 
814 266-5973 
412 803-3501 
570 820-4088 
215 241-1090 
717 782-3951 
814 453-3010 
610 434-1444
Can you please grow a backbone?  Firing your lead investigator is "unfortunate"?  Sharing classified information is "imprudent"?  Man up!
SIR- the @POTUS  just Threatened COMEY- guess u're too much of a coward & shill to call him out on it-guess we'll need to ask @SenBobCasey
#Fakenews since you put #partyovercountry.  U should keep hiding from your constituents..
@SenToomey I am just going to assume going forward that you have no interest in democracy and you assent to the erosion of the republic.
So you don't think his firing had anything to do with his investigation of the president? Even though he said that it did? 15025
How many Republicans' careers will be destroyed before they disassociate selves from Trump, and he retires to extradition-proof Russia?
An independent investigator that cannot be fired by Trump will bring the truth to set us free. There r better qualified patriots than Trump.
Still need an update....history not kind to the enablers.  Looking forward to debating ACA improvement and tax policy once this mess is over
How about Merrick Garland? He'll uncover the truth and either clear Trump or he can be disregarded as an Obama man.
Of course Toomey likes it. His open seat on court will be filled w/RW judge to tilt court to right.
No way Merrick Harland would give up hid lifetime appointment. No way Trump would make the offer. Have Judge Garland as special prosecutor
The only thing I want to hear from you us your concession speech when you are up for re-election
You MUST support an independent prosecutor for the Trump Russia connection.
Unfortunate timing? I'm a PA voter and I want YOU to insist on Special Prosecutor ASAP.  There is little or no trust left #CountryOverParty
Another PA voter here calling for a special prosecution.
you don't have anything stronger to say about this gross over reach of power? Firing the man investigating the presidents treason
I hope you mean this. The 2016 election must be investigated by an independent group. Russian influence is not acceptable! #democracyatrisk
#trumprussia #pencerussia #ryanrussia drip drip
Honorable senator Toomey.  Comey was very political, at one point allowed Hillary off and then reopen Ed case. Should have resigned day one
. U Scurd? Go appoint a special prosecutor.
.@POTUS has neither unimpeachable qualities nor any integrity. Please start the process of removing him from office. I am your constituent.
No one will believe special prosecutor in this climate - not dems, not repubs.  Need open public hearings where all can see evidence/process
Do you ever wonder if Trump will ever cull you from his cult of blind followers? Does it keep you up at all? It should. #PinkSlipComing
A miniature horse with a speak n' spell woul5s do a better job than you.
I support this statement.  

Check out @xtratoasty's Tweet:
#realPA keep calling n' writing Toomey. Demand independent #TrumpRussia commission now @nsnyderpa @Will_Bunch @malcolmburnley @reclaimphila 
Still stand by your statement when we find out why DTJ fired Comey? Or are you standing by R leadership because you received Russian $ too?
POTUS just threatened Comey b 4 his testimony. Its time now. Impeach
When did you decide Comey wasn't doing his job about the same Time as Trump perhaps. Just once try to put the country over party
So did Trump have you kneel before pledging your undying loyalty?
honestly what more do you need. Pick a side here. He is crazy and we need your help
Puppet Pat! Speak up, speak out! U know this situation is bad for our country. Trump-Russia requires a special prosecutor! #FridayFeelings
How's it feel being a supporter of fascism?
“[T]he timing of [FBI Director Comey] dismissal is unfortunate".  That's some deep thinking there.  Was it in your wheelhouse?
Unfortunate is definitely the word that comes to mind every time I have to admit you're a PA US Senator!!
This is a disgusting display from an autocrat. Please step up and do the right thing. We need an independent counsel and we need it now.
You have proven you'll fall in line with the corrupt donors i.e. Betsy devos than stand for you country.  You're spineless and pathetic
Did you take the loyalty pledge that Comey refused? Or are you too small a fish for that?
Best summary: Trump is accidental dictator & unfortunately the Republicans are lining up behind him. It is no longer how history will judge
You missed something there #IndependentInvestigation
complicit 
adjective \kəm-ˈpli-sət\
:  helping to commit a crime or do wrong in some way.  ~ He was complicit in the cover-up.
I believe it is time to shut down all Senate business until a special prosecutor is appointed to look into the actions of Trump
Being in lockstep with the administration isn't surprising and it doesn't show that you have the courage to do what's right.
Do what is right for the United States and assign a special prosecutor to get to the truth about all things Russian. That is truly governing
Special Prosecutor
Waiting until Americans march on Washington to protest this constitutional crisis will be to late for Republicans. Appoint a
Obstruction of justice is an impeachable offense. DO YOUR JOB!!!!
You should be ashamed of your support of Trump. History will judge you. Please continue.
Where is our public town hall?  Why are you avoiding your constituents?  We deserve a response, Senator!
Thank you for supporting our President in regards to this issue. 
You wouldn't endorse Trump until 11:59 so now it's time to stand up, put country over party and demand an independent investigation.
News alert - Toomey thinks Nixon's firing of Archibald Cox was unfortunate timing
The White House lied about the reasons for #ComeyFiring - will you call for an Independent Counsel? This is too important for the US.
Say goodbye to DC if you keep doing jack. #DoYourJob #TrumpRussia
Get real! It's called the Streisand Effect. Impeach now! This is treason!
Apparently Comey had the confidence of FBI agents. I support an Independent counsel for a robust investigation into Russian-Trump ties
You must call for an independent investigator. It's clear this administration cannot be trusted to allow the government to remain impartial.
are you calling for an independent prosecutor to investigate Trump's ties to Russia during the election????
Comment on Sessions? Sessions should be fired. America has no confidence in him as AG!
It should most certainly NOT be up to 45 to choose who will continue the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation. Also, hold a town hall.
You're a disgrace.
Quick question, did you write this before or after Russia news agency released photos from inside the WH? A meeting without USA press?
Maybe you should LISTEN to your constituents instead of manipulating them.  Attend a town hall or answer your phone, for starters. Coward
how can the american people have any confidence that a director appointed by Trump can faithfully conduct this investigation?
That was pretty gutless of you. When are you going to stand up for this country and the state of Pa. This new brand of gop is disgusting.
Please continue to push for the investigation into the 2016 election to continue-there needs to be justice, not delay.
The timing of #ComeyFiring was "unfortunate"? More like the act of a desperate man when the dogs are closing in.  Special Prosecutor NOW!
Find that tiny shred of integrity that may be there deep down in your soul and call for a Special Prosecutor.
Couldn't you be a bit more assertive, Senator? Speak up for justice!!!  Appoint an independent special investigator!
Where is your statement on the lies coming out of the White House?
Classic @SenToomey Party>Country. Have a spine. Abandon Trump now and get some credit but you've tied yourself to the mast to sink w/ship
I am "unfortunately" a constituent of yours ... Straight Y or N answers to #ImpeachTrump and #AHCA . Now be predictable and DO NOT reply!
11/2016 PT "I will not be a rubber stamp" for #Trump
5/2017 Really, #FraidyPat? STILL "not following it closely" in an elevator?
#SenateGOP
And, that can make us the most dangerous people. Not that any violence will be used, there are other ways to hurt someone that last longer.
The only reason a Senator has never been removed by their people is because it has not been tried before, some of us have nothing to lose
Think about when you learned about Nazis & dictatorships in history.

What do you want your grandkids and future gens to read about you?
You’re assuming a lot about what he knows about history
lol fair
@SenToomey It is much more than 'unfortunate' timing, it reeks of corruption! Stop being a Trump PATsy! #NoIntegrity #corruptTrump
Demand a Independent Prosecutor now!
Oh, come ON, Senator!  Show some backbone!
Have some integrity- stand up to trump and be a leader of your party. You have no credibility. We have a crazy 45 abusing power/ WH out
How about a vote of no confidence for both you, and our congressman rothfus. I doubt your ability to represent people with out town halls.
Your constituents have  doubts about your abilities. We should dismiss you immediately.
Not exactly a profile in courage
#Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Make a new statement when u grow a spine. #TrumpLackey #ownedbydonors #PartyBitch
Enough Republican hypocrisy Sen., it's time to insist on a special prosecutor.
Way to play both sides of the coin. DO YOUR JOB! Country over party! I have lost all confidence in our govt because of cowards like you.
You continue to rubber stamp this president and administration. WHY???
you have anything to hide? https://twitter.com/3l3v3nth/status/847865016749629440 …
It's high time to call for a special prosecutor.  #ComeyFiring #DoYourJob
We  need  a  special  prosecutor for independent  investigation  of  Russia and Trump  admin collusion!
Trump is abusing power do more @SenToomey Special Prosecutor or have Comey lead investigation
Have Comey be head of investigation of Russia ties We need Special Prosecutor
qualifications: must not be appointed by the man they are investigating. Seems you have a a problem.
...that unfortunate timing" WE need an independent investigation to Trump/Russia ties! We don't want to doubt your ability to serve us
You're a coward.
You really think it is a good idea for the "president" to appoint the person who will be investigating him? Like... you ACTUALLY think that?
Your oath of office demands that you support & defend the constitution. Put the constitution & people above party. Do your job Senator.
Do your job. We want a special prosecutor.
You're either extremely naive, or you're a puppet for the Russian government just like @realDonaldTrump #GOPDestroyingAmerica
We need a special prosecutor.  #DoYourJob #CountryOverParty For once, do the honorable and right thing.
As usual, your response is vague and does not state a clear opinion. What are you going to do about this "unfortunate" matter?
This statement falls flat. I have no love lost for Comey but hid firing was reckless. You continue to support inappropriate behavior by DJT.
I am one of your moderate constituents and I've been watching very closely.
#CountryOverParty do your jobs and represent your constituents interests NOT YOUR OWN
Timing is unfortunate?  That the worst of it, huh?  Lame, even for you.  #IndependentInvestigationNow
"Trump Bars U.S. Press, but Not Russia’s, at Meeting With Russian Officials"   How can you support this nonsense?
Confidence shaken in FBI, yes; but confidence shattered in the rest of govt by quiet coup from Russia. Do you have no American pride, sir?
I find your response WEAK. It's simple. Do you support Trump's decision or not?
I have also doubted abilities... specifically yours as a PA Senator.  You will regret selling your soul to devil. We do not forget! #resist
Trump's firing of Comey was an attempt to stop the Russia probe & you damn well know it!  Choose country over your pathetic political career
the president appears to be as shady as Katie but your support is unwavering. You appear to be a hypocrite. You work for us, man!
tepidly stated as usual.  Sooner or later you have to pick a side, with the country or with traitors.
If you don't run it by Donny first, he will be furious...might yell and scream..UR not PA.will go down with him..your name reviled.
Whatever happened to country over party??
Trump has lost all credibility and doesn't deserve the privilege to make any decisions that could affect the outcome of this investigation.
Why don't you call for a special prosecutor like many other senators, you spineless rubber stamp?
No @SenToomey what we need is an independent prosecutor to continue the investigation.  Why should we trust anyone appointed by Trump now?
Don't think that we voters will forget you facilitating this treasonous administration. #CountryOverParty #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussia
What about support for an independent investigation? The fate of the nation depends on it. No more partisan politics.
Where's the Pat who ran the ads promising to be independent and stand up to Trump? Maybe that Pat will ask for a special prosecutor.
your oath of office states that you defend the constitution of the USA not the illegal actions of the POTUS or his staff.
4 sets of 3 words applicable in this situation: 1. Independent special prosecutor 2. Do your job 3. Country over party 4. You represent us
"Timing unfortunate"? U r no Patriot, just a pocket liner. Legacy?Grandpa was one of the aholes who didn't care abt Russian influence in 16.
Put America and the constitution before the Republican Party.  We need a special prosecutor for all things Russian.  Do what is right.
.@SenToomey Your willingness to put party over country never ceases to amaze us. Grow a backbone and #dotherightthing
Independent prosecutor NOW!#comeyfiring goes against democracy regardless of how u feel about him
Stop being a politician and be an American citizen.  Demand an independent investigation.
Grow a spine. Quit cowering and suckling at trumps teet.
So, your statement is one supporting obstruction of justice!!  Shame on you Toomey.  Shame...  You should #resign now!
So you think the guy being investigated should appoint the guy to investigate him?   Party before country I guess. #Trumprussia
Party before country. You besmirch the Constitution. You're complicit.
We need a full investigation of the firing, Russia, and the complete 2016 investigation.  Maybe McGinty won?
Your job is to uphold the Constitution and defend democracy. DO YOUR JOB! #IndependentInvestigation #SpecialProsecutor
Your statement is "unfortunate." American people can never have confidence in anyone appointed by Trump if he acts like a dictator.
Did you hurt your knee jumping on the @POTUS bandwagon? Seriously, see if your #Trumpcare will cover that kind of injury. #fraud
Ok. And your current stance on finally putting together and independent committee for this Russia business is... ?
What's unfortunate is that you keep getting reelected
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR NOW
This is your idea of not being a rubber stamp for @potus? Guess you'll be cool with Rudy Giuliani as Comey's replacement #SpecialProsecutor
Not Good Enough. We demand a special prosecutor.
Maybe Putin can recommend someone to head up the FBI?
U don't understand.  There is no one pres. can appoint who will have the confidence of the Am. people now. Any appointee is tainted.
Your job is to represent the voters.  Stop siding with Trump (#ianap).  Demand an independent special prosecutor.
We will remember the traitors when we ultimately win; you won't be able to hide then.
Calling for anything less than a special prosecutor in this instance is complicit in the cover up. History will not judge you well. #treason
Yet again your lukewarm statement shows that you really don't care about the people of Pennsylvania. #impeachTrumpnow
Unfortunate makes it sound like it was an accident; Toomey we deserve better.
an independent investigator is needed. Show integrity.
Glad we have @SenBobCasey we better start stumping for him because he represents most of PA

Do your job, country before party
Time for independent investigation
Cpmyru before party
Does Putin have to bend him over the desk in the oval office before you see how terrible he is for country and our state?
Should of been fired January 20th...
Distance yourself from Trump. God is watching.
Demand independent investigation. Trump can't be in position to fire any who investigate him and his Russian-loving entourage. Do your job.
My statement.  If you don't move to appoint a special prosecutor you have failed the American people and should resign.
Sen Toomey....channel Hugh Scott and demand an independent prosecutor. Country over party.
Call for an independent investigation.  Not someone Trump appoints and you rubber stamp .Or you are going down with him.
To say this is "unfortunate" instead of convenient/borderline criminal shows which way you lean AKA not with us.#DoYourJob #CountryOverParty
You keep throwing these tweets out there. Why not reply and get a conversation going. It's as close as we'll get to a town hall with you!!!!
I truly hope you mean what you say. Stand up. Call for an independent investigation. Be the senator you believe you are but haven't been!
