can you confirm you actually met with @SenToomey? Did you need to pay the $65,000 cover fee?
Everyone, you can catch him on his way from his visit.
just get god damn healthcare right GOP swept house for 1 reason only Roll out half ass plan n seats will be lost
do NOT repeal ACA. Give the people the same healthcare you have! Give SS the same raises you give yourself!
your constituents would appreciate a town hall.  You need to hear our concerns.  Stop avoiding us.
why don't you meet with your constituents instead?  Aren't they the ones you answer to?  Are you afraid of us?
Toomey had disappointed me too much to redeem himself.  Where are town hall meetings. Not happening.
Both of which Toomey wants to undermine...
Putting money into our infrastructure was a great idea when @BarackObama suggested it.
so you'll meet with a powerful Californian before you'll meet with your constituents-----coward!
Care to comment on your BOSSES, #comradetrump and #PresidentBannon, failure to take responsibility for a botched military raid?
too bad you can't make time for you constituents. We will remember this...
Toomey has no backbone..kiss your job goodbye
sadly, in 6 years.... Can we impeach him?
my health care costs went up $5000 + 500 deductible to 15000 + 3000 repeal & fix our health care get it together
I'm glad the governor got to verify you're still alive. At least one Pennsylvanian got to talk to you.
Did you tell @GovernorTomWolf that the GOP plan includes tax breaks for health ins execs who make more than $500k/yr?
yeah so far you've done squat on both.
what about the constituents you had arrested in Philly?
seriously, what did the weasel do?
Hope you laid it out for him Gov. Wolf. I'm still fighting for his recall from the senate!
You have no honor ! Hit yourself with a brick !
save affordable health care, please.
Toomey moved to Russia where they don't have constituents. Elect a new senator now.
Novel idea: how about you meet with your constituents, too? We want a Town hall!  #realpa #indivisiblewexford
"ok tom. I'm ready. I have my notebook. Is healthcare one word or two?  This is so complicated!"
maybe you should meet with your constituents
well, it's good that you're speaking to Someone....though not to your constituents
Wish he had time for the rest of us. We'll find Bigfoot before we find Pat Toomey #TuesdayswithToomey
healthcare really toomey?  Do you have a plan for the one you voted to repeal you fraud.  #onthetaketoomey
Am assuming Tom is explaining to you that health care is indeed complicated?
it was so nice of Toomey to meet with you, since he refuses to meet with the citizens of Pennsylvania.
Sweet.  Reach out where ever necessary to explore consensus over dogma and partisanship
did Governor Wolf school you on how to be in touch with your constituents or did you run and hide after the pic?
How about stop letting him harbor illegals in our state.
Why are you NOT demanding from Mr. Trump a better response and action to the anti-semetic actions that have been occurring???
I sure hope u work with him.
constructive dialogue? Arresting constituents is not constructive dialogue! Hold a town hall!
@PortlandPolice  HELP ME RELOCATE ME TO marketing housing enforcedly safety to US SENATORS!
Can you have a town hall to have "constructive dialogue on issues important to PA including health care and infrastructure"?
Now will you meet with your constituents, Senator?
Spare us the useless PR and do the job Pat. goose-step to that commissar in the WH u are no better thana traitor
Thank you, Governor Wolf, for representing our concerns. And thank you, Senator Toomey for taking time to listen
Why do you continue to bother tweeting at all when all you do is ignore and avoid your constituents while rubber-stamping Trump?
#TuesdayswithToomey missed you at your office in Harrisburg, as usual. Stop hiding from your constituents!
How about meeting with your constituents? What, you just won an election so you forget about us? We are waiting.
Yeah, @SenToomey, isn't it nice when your elected officials meet with you? You could learn something from @GovernorTomWolf
Nice to see @GovernorTomWolf...it's so infrequent
TOWN HALL
Was this picture taken as he was explaining to you how you are supposed to fight for your state, not against?

.@SenToomey @GovernorTomWolf - hey Tom, ask Toomey why no town halls?  We're waiting in Pgh!! #TuesdayswithToomey #Trumprussia
Senator, do you pull the camera around with you on a cart? How about some pictures from a real town hall mtg.
Your silence on the fascist Trump administration tells us all we need to know about you.
did you lie to his face too? He's a democrat,  Nothing you have done is constructive. you are a disgrace to PA
glad to hear that! Be careful with ACA. Dump it & we'll be sure to have sick folks on your doorstep
Toomey, have a Town Hall and people won't have sit-ins at your office
u shld compensate those arrested for any costs incurred due to arrest. If u listen, they wouldn't protest.
How did he track you down??  Is he considered a constituent ?
How do you know what's important to PA if you won't meet with us? Arresting us is not the same thing.
How about setting an in-person townhall meeting with your Philadelphia constituents? #TuesdayswithToomey
Please tell toom dawg we want a town hall.
Tok are you sure that was him? Pat has been missing and is on milk cartons across the state.
you're a coward and I'm embarrassed that you are my Senator.   Stand up for our a Constitution!!
I'm ashamed of Toomey and the rest of the cesspool in DC
Senator, if the Governor agrees to come to a town hall, will you show up? @TuesdaysToomey @PaProgress
I hope public school students featured in your discussion.
Guess he important enough to see you,
. But, not constituents. Pretty sad hiding from voters
Hope he was able to talk some sense into you.
both of you care nothing about your constituents.  YOU'RE FIRED!
ask him why Scranton is being inundated with migrants/muslims, no Christians
Did you talk about listening to your constituents via a town hall? Or was it more about what you want?
can you guarantee that no PA residents will lose healthcare? That means no block grants!
So Wolf emerged from his den.  He's invisible.
unfortunately, no constructive dialogue out of your office on POTUS' attacks in the press, and, accordingly, the Republic
Your constituents have been looking for you. Why are you avoiding them? #stophiding
I hope he talked some sense into you, you trump-pandering, constituent-dodging, GOP rubber stamp!
before the ACA many poor people got their healthcare thru the ER-expensive and ineffective
Y u meet w some, not #realPA? Constituents arrested today asking 4 #ToomeyTownHall #DoYourJob @TuesdaysToomey
toomey when are you going to listen to the people who GAVE you your JOB? we demand to be heard by you!
Did you gentlemen also discuss Education and the Environment? Without either our future is gone!
whatchu fellas talk about?
Great, so all we have to do to get Sen. Toomey to answer our questions is win the governorship, town hall in PGH
Hey Pat, how about you talk with your Philly constituents. We have lots to say Guess too busy agreeing with 45
You mean weasel.
While you were away, peaceful constituents were arrested in #Philly outside yr office. Is this yr new protocol?
Gov. Wolf won the #WheresToomey hunt. Hope you slap a GPS tracker on him so his constituents can find him.
did you know that your constituents are being arrested simply because they want to meet with you?!?!
So you will not be voting to repeal ACA without replacement? How about hosting a Town Hall! #TuesdayswithToomey
Mr. Toomey tell us where you stand on health care and how you will address the concerns of your constituents.
When do we get to see you in #Philly Senator? You serve us too!!
, how about "constructive dialogue" with your constituents? Arresting Philly sit-in participants is shameful. @GovernorTomWolf
As a constituent, it's good to see bipartisan collab. Hoping all PA Reps work together to preserve the ACA.
did he happen to mention the independent investigation we demand for the ties between the Trump team and Russia?
somebody get the gov some collar stays!
This is what I like to see. Dem & Rep talking. 
constituents are waiting to speak to you in Philly, and you are having them arrested. @BrianPHickey
you're not from PA so hit the road Go harass your own Senator
