More like WHITESboro
You are right. @jcpatt05 @Jason0wl @chillywop I and a whole bunch other white deplorables were born there lol 
It's less a dig at ur hometown and more an insult toward that tales from the crypt mfer...
...who refuses to set foot in any PA town that's actually diverse

 you dudes
Is this a farce or are you actually going to accomplish some work this this year2017
Did you tell the small business owners the aren't getting shit? It's all going to your millionaire pals?
When are you going to meet with the rest of us? Particularly those of us who support the ACA?
And a town hall is to follow, right? Right?? Where did all the CRICKETS come from?????
A table full of union busters
Will your reform fix this? If not, then you need to grow up and abandon your adolescent #AynRandFantasy.
I mean no disrespect, but why did you become a Senator?
$$$$$$$
You should also be visiting with average american middle class workers.  We need the biggest tax breaks.
Sigh. 30 tickets does not a town hall make
Lot of white people there, Pat. What kind of meeting draws all those white folks?  You going to have more open one?
very diverse group
If tax breaks for the rich actually improved the economy, don't you think you'd have evidence by now? Your ideology has been debunked.
Sure. Safe place yo be. Trump country.
Any women at that meeting?  Hmmm.!
What inquiring minds need to know what is the going hourly rate to have a sit down talk with Senator Toomey? $1000/hour? $10,000/hour?
And, not one person of color in attendance. Are these the only constituents you represent?
It's wellsboro
You're an immoral liar supporting the racist and traitor @realDonaldTrump.  Together you're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
looks like a table full of old white men planning our future again yippee. #onthetaketoomey
Notice  select  group and  your sitting by door  MEET  with  the  BURNED OUT SHELL  VOTERS
Boy, if that isn't a picture of diversity, GOP style! I can only imagine the clever ideas you all came up with screw the middle class.
And how many people at that table earn less than $250,000 a year.
The Dictionary According to Republicans: "Tax Reform", a big ole tax break for the guy at the top & a kick in the groin to the working man.
Why don't you come to my side of the State (Western Pa.) and talk with local business and community leaders.  #EAEWO  's &'s Wide Open.
Call it what it is...a tax break for the rich. Let's give the police some grenades while we're at it - that will help communities. Go away.
Too bad you cannot find the time to meet with those you are supposed to represent, you know, the people?  Disgusting.  Shame, #Resist
When is your next town hall? And we're still awaiting your position on FERS.
No POC in the meeting?
Toomey, "if they budget properly, it should be no problem living on $7.25 an hour". Guys in ties, " got that right Toom man"
You'll meet with business leaders, who contribute more money to an election campaign than individuals. Now we know why no town halls.
You mean, cut taxes for millionaires, like you tried with repealing ACA. Amazingly unethical for a 'representative' of the people.
Uwill never listen to the everyday men and women who are sickened by you @POTUS who will give billionaires tx breaks while higher txs 4rest

Dark america - no other issue but that of White Supremacy - not to be tolerated in high power #Cville2dc #RemoveTrump GOP are colloborating
no other issue #TrumpResign #ImpeachTrump Trump is a racist . Trump is #Unfit2Rule the GOP are propping up . COLLABORATORS in dark times
#TrumpRacism #TrumpWhiteSupremacy There is no other issue . We cannot have a White Supremacist Leader of the US #Resist #Cville2dc
#TrumpRacism #TrumpWhiteSupremacy #TrumpFascism #RemoveTrump #Cville2DC Trump is tearing this country apart with Racist rhetoric #Resist
Keep ignoring it and I personally guarantee you, it's going to bite you in the ASS. 
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
If we wear business suits and call ourselves "business" people, would you meet with us?  Maybe?
Are you counting this as a town hall?
2-D Toomey- trump transparency taxes first. That's info your constituents expect.
Thank you we need this especially for small businesses
When will you talk with the everyday voter WHO PAYS your salary!?!?
thought experiment - see how "tax reform" sounds when replaced with "tax cuts for the rich".  Real conservatives pay their bills, sir.
No stmnt on Arpaio pardon, expressing outrage at POTUS, but sure meet w a bunch of white guys. Msg received loud & clear: you don't care.
Isn't that nice Senator.  A face 2 face town hall with ur constituents would be much better.  But it's obvious that u don't care about us.
Tax reform = cut taxes for rich people! We've seen this before...we aren't idiots.
Tax reform? Your a lying RINO. Why should we trust you or your leader lying Mitch?
Can you explain how this will increase wages?  Trickle down does not work, raising the base will make all better off.
Definitely representative of your constituency. All white men.....oh, and 2 white women squeezed in there. Who will this reform be helping?
Great would be signing Resolution Censuring Trump for refusal 2 condemn Wh Supremacists. & condemning him for pardoning vile racist Arpaio.
http://www.idahostatesman.com/news/local/article169645247.html … means gutting Medicaid
When the fourth largest city in our country is drowning in toxic water, you hold a meeting about tax reform. #deplorable
How about tax reform for non-business owners, since we make up the majority!
As others have commented, are you going to invite diverse citizenry to discuss tax reform? People in pic are all white, 13 of 15 men.
How can we screw the middle class and pad our buddy's pockets and call it "trickle down"?  As if we are beneath them.
Rates on top bracket must rise! No excuse! Ask Warren Buffet not the Koch brothers. Oh, and impeach Trump too.
Sen Toomey , I think you should be standing up against Trump.
Looks like your type of crowd. A bunch of middle aged white guys, one token woman.
@SenToomey How about talking to all of your constituents, not just business people and hand selected citizens? #TownHall #TwoTermToomey
What about the people? Will you talk to us little guys about #taxreform?
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Have a real town hall in Philly. Face your constituents for a change. Stop hiding.
wow -- glad to see you're meeting with such a diverse group of constituents!
You mean tax cuts don't you?  You need to make it fairer and revenue neutral. Reducing tax shelters then reduce tax rates is good.
Yet another embarrassment to PA. How about you organize a Harvey task force from PA instead of thinking about money all the time?
Senator, how will communities provide citizens with services if tax revenue dries up through rate cuts?
Tax reform = tax cuts for the rich.
You are a joke!!
Funding infrastructure should be the priority.  No tax cut for anyone until a national program is funded. @senchuckschumer
Okay fascist
That's a whole lot of white people. How about you talk to your constituents about tax reform? I'm sure we have different opinion.
Not one penny for the rich. If that's in your mind, forget it. We are going to reverse and bury Reaganomics once and for all. #ImpeachTrump
Afraid to venture out past your 'base' Pat? How about a real town hall.
No tax reform ever until trump openly give 20yrs tax records and all supporting documents.
Stop spinning ur corp overlords tax manipulations. Get ur creation, the #LawlessInChief ,as far away from America as possible. #Shameful
At a table full of white people. How surprising...
(P.S. Is there a list somewhere of all-white groups for you to meet? Is that how you avoid ever seeing people of color?)
Will you remain silent while Trump pardons a racist, constitution-violating thug? If so, you are complicit.
Oh senator, we all know your tax "reform" is really enormous tax breaks for your billionaire friends.
meanwhile....America burns.
Hi @SenToomey! Regarding #TaxReform, what do your constituents actually want? Do you even know? (ps, i am one)
My hope is that this reform includes raising their tax rates.
Maybe talk nuclear war, climate change, infrastructure, universal healthcare, etc., before giving tax breaks? Still paying for oil subsidies
'So which one of you other white dudes is gonna cough up some ? You know Me being here ain't for free.'
Bigots come in all colors, but apperently you already know this
Pl check on Bedford. Cc @EPAScottPruitt
Tax cuts for the wealthy and for large corporations have already stolen the American strength of our  middle class. #ConservativeEliteAgenda
Come to Philly
Discuss the implications of two insurance companies @fanniemae @freddiemac who back the 5 trillion housing industry on 600 million capital.
Keep up the good work Pat!
LOL. What is he accomplishing, exactly?
A lot. Deterring Philly from continuing to be a sanctuary city , reforming the death spiraling Medicaid system & getting tax reform
Hi! Philly is still a sanctuary city (thankfully). Medicaid is not in a death spiral. Tax reform will only help millionaires.
So you think that releasing rapists so that they can rape children is ok? The gov is 20 trillion in debt & can't afford the entitlements
You might wanna learn how a sanctuary city works. Pat might wanna, too.
I know how it works & it is wrong . Giving safe harbor to illegals especially criminals is wrong & thank God most of the country agrees!
Yeah, it doesn't protect rapists. So you don't seem to understand how it works.
What is your public response to ill advised pardon of AZ sheriff?
Crickets- don't wait around for any ethics from this free ride empty suit
"Tax reform" is bullshit. We are fighting you on this every step. Your POTUS won't be able to sell this pile of feces.
Hey, look! All old white people. And two ladies. Way to go, Pat!
As diverse as the Republican Party in general. #SAD
