. Doing the people's work starts with acknowledging their existence.  Answer your phones !
you should have taken them to the womens march - THAT is what democracy looks like. there will be more...
Are you able to look your children in the eye today? Will you ever be if you remain complicit?
You mean the transformation of our Democracy into a Fascist state. Some lesson for you kids.
please vote NO on #DeVos and keep our schools free and equal. Charter schools are already stealing from our future. Thank you
The Day our nations began to die at the hand of a fascist
I am disappointed in you. I hoped that you would be bigger.Pennsylvania's schools matter to me.  Sorry they don't matter to you.
Vote NO to Devos! Please do the right thing! America is counting on you.
democracy being where only a few people get to vote and the entire world hates your choices
I have supported you since you were first elected and greatly appreciate the job you're doing.
What a crock!  Talk about a blatant lie - you have no interest in working together, only for yourself
Dear @SenToomey I see that you tried. Are you standing up for Warren now? Doesn't DeVos' schools dump headstart kids on the public school's?
#NO on #DeVos # DoItForTheChildren
If u want to leave children a better world, vote NO on DeVos.  K-12 schools shld NEVER b for-profit. Don't risk ur career 4 DeVos
America's the laughing stock of the WORLD bc of trump and his asinine decisions. Embarrassing.
'solve the problems we face?" obstruct for 8 years.. what a load...
I hear Dems are now gumming up the works.
you are hilarious!
no one cares if he aligns with your thoughts, you work for us, try not to forget it.
Clearly you care about the future of America's children. I'm sure Betsy is a nice woman; she's just not qualified for the job.
You agree on Betsy DeVos & you're constituents won't forget you put power over people!!! Sad!
Give ALL our children a better world by voting against DeVos.
Trump reversed a mortgage program that would save t home buyers $500 at the end of year.  Proud?
what program? What are you talking about & what did  he reverse
Trump reversed Obama's redution in FHA annual fee for home buyers on Day 1 of admin,
create another housing crisis bcause these are typically loans that r low income &default loans
Lowering the costs of these loans helps everyone.  Trump only puts money in the banker pocket
how's that working for you so far? Happy? PA is not, remember he barely won in our state
if that is the case cks & balances. Vote NO on Betsy Devos for sec of ed. She's not qualified.Don't let the position be bought.
How's America better/safer when we're being stripped of our rights and lied to? BULLIED & discriminated against
after seeing how you reacted with the new administration, Im so excited to vote against you in the next cycle #boybye #RESISTANCE
BUT YOU MUST STAND UP AGAINST DEVOS!!!
If you care about children as you've written here say NO to DeVos!
BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE WANT YOU TO SAY NO TO DEVOS. STAND BY YOUR STATEMENT. YOU'RE WORSE THAN COMCAST
did they stay for the women's march or are you the big man in charge of them
- This is why you won't be re-elected
So you're going to be a rubber stamp for him? After complaining McGinty would be one for Hilary?
come on..."the people's work"? Seriously?
tax reform would be good - then if Potus would actually pay some taxes
Where is your reaction to the protests, including the 500,000 people at the Women's March?
Please read about Betsy Devos & look into your  to see if she's right for education #noDevos You could do so much good
Want educated children better vote no on DeVos. Want to maintain your job, better listen to your electorate.
liar
TRUMP and his CABINET need to SHOW THEIR TAXES!  If you want tax reform you all must be accountable!
I want to know how the ban on refugees equates to a strong global position.
Please vote no on @BetsyDeVos, American youth deserve better. Your children deserve better. Please do not let us down.
How about the longtime Grifter Family Trump SHOW THE TAXES?!  How much DT make from lifting sanctions?
Tax reform to you means tax cut for multi-millionaires and billionaires. Hypocrite!
The "president" is a tool of Putin and the far right. No legitimacy!!
good luck with that as they still don't think they lost! Dems acted disrespectfull at inauguration and I showed kids that also
Spineless. Stand up to Trump. Get Steve Bannon off the NSC. Get some backbone!
For 8 yrs Republicans obstructed everything and you talk about standing together?remember Garland?Sad!
Did you also teach your childen to tell the truth and suffer the consequences when you lie?
We are watching as Republicans thumb their nose at the Constitution. DT has to obey the law!! &out you go
did you take them to see the protests too?
I am sure your children are great. So are everyone else's children. Let's fight for equitable education. Vote NO on DeVos.
The reason the confirmation hearings are going slow is because none of the people are qualified 4 the job
hope they stayed for the women's march to see REAL DEMOCRACY IN ACTION.
things. Do what is right for your party and those of us who voted for you.
party of Public Relations points and not honest people. Too many worship celebrities and superficial
Today they are the party of exhibitionist marches, perversion, lies, deception and are more like a
are not the party of personal responsibility, exploration and adventure that Kennedy Democrats were.
their attitude. I left their party because @TheDemocrats are more extreme than ever. They certainly
the GOP and @POTUS want to do, so vote proudly for @POTUS Trump's picks. Tired of @TheDemocrats and
for @POTUS Trump's cabinet picks? That's BS. @TheDemocrats aren't going to cooperate with anything,
So all @TheDemocrats want to do is #resist, March, and some vandalize, yet they don't want you voting
"...To see history first hand." AKA: "to see the end of the republic."
I am sure my grandparents felt your love when they did not take my mom to watch Hitler be installed. #StandUpToTrump
as the daughter of immigrants who staked their livelihood on the US educational system, PLEASE vote no on DeVos!
weak spineless awful men.
- I am a voter in P.A .I will be watching your record closely and pray you will follow our constitution !
We cannot have a strong leadership role when we alienate our allies and live Putin's back pocket.
Education?  Please save public education and oppose DeVos
Prove you have a spine, that in spite of DeVos $ you'll do what's right for the SpEd kids I teach. VOTE NO ON DEVOS for my kids!
please protect our great nation!  Read this and make sure it does not happen!  https://medium.com/@yonatanzunger/trial-balloon-for-a-coup-e024990891d5#.z1i6uprul …
Your children must be proud to have a father who doesn't speak up for the oppressed only the wealthy.  Btw how are the Koch Bros?
#wherestoomey , certainly not answering the calls of his constituents, nope visiting his billionaire owners
.@SenToomey @POTUS @realDonaldTrump wish you had a reaction to what went on Saturday......#MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall #TrumpBan 
Pls  start listening to those who elected u into office. We r no longer happy. Vote WITH us, not against us.
Please inform the president that  the judicial branch link on the WH webpage was removed, not surprised
I hope the people's work includes #NoBanNoWall
You realize that @realDonaldTrump @POTUS doesn't plan on listening to the other two branches, right?
I hope you don't continue to support this tyrant on many issues. He is ruining this great country quickly
Mr. Toomey, the people of your state will be watching your every move like a hawk, so it's a good idea to listen to them not Don
Strong Am. ldrship doesn't look like this.Trump is destroying our standing in world & making us less safe
What kind of a reaction are you having to this?  What message does the #muslimban send?!
with their current priorities, your children and mine will be left with a warmer, more polluted and isolated country. #resist
what's your reaction to Trump tax for the wall, banning specific people?
Is the #MuslimBan also something you wanted your children to witness? Your deafening silence is complicity. Do something.
Still enthusiastically looking forward to working with @POTUS after the terrible things done to innocent people today? Shame!
Thank God we have  President Trump looking out for us and doing what is best for all.
work with trump and pay come Election Day.
Answer your phone. #hypocrite #pussygrabberbacker
You should be taking your kids to airports to see democracy in action as people protest the #muslimban @POTUS @realDonaldTrump.
Bet you are really proud of the history our racist president made today.
Will you stand up to @potus when you disagree? If you don't speak up, we the PA voters will assume you're in lock step w him
do you agree with the un-American Muslim Ban? What are you doing to stop it? signed - a constituent
Today was a lesson on how Democracy has fallen.
where is your statement on refugees?  His religious test is against everything PA was founded on.
you're the person we are afraid of. Disgrace to America. Did you cash check yet?
Please PLEASE tell all of America's children, including my special one, that they matter and #DumpDevos - she is NOT qualified!!!
Please stop talking about inaugural size. Not important.
If you want to stand up for what is right, stop Trump before he ruis this country even more than he has! Say NO to Sen Sessions
I hope you will put our children above play to play politics and #votenoondevos She is unqualified by any measure.
Senator Pat Toomey, vote NO to Betsy Devos!
I am a Pennsylvania resident. I urge you to oppose  Betsy Devos nomination as Secretary of Education
when are you going to start impeachment against the dictator- when it's too late. Really??
vote no on Betsy deVos or face the consequences at election time
I am not a burned out house I am a hard working American with an injury #saveACA #notaburnedouthouse
PT- I didn't vote for you and will do everything in my power to see that you aren't re-elected. 1
No tax money for the wall. We need to fund Social Security and Medicare before we build a wall
Haven't heard back from your office. Reminder- teachers love their students and want a more fitting leader than @BetsyDeVos
You're not doing "the people's work." You refuse to even meet with the people. You're a rubber stamp, despite your assertions.
NOMINATE ME FOR SEC OF ED.
Americans are speaking. Time for you to LISTEN.   DO NOT confirm DeVos as Sec. of Ed. I AM MORE QUALIFIED
I stand w/the #7in10forRoe bc we women have the right to make personal decisions about our own health #Roe44
so you censored scientists and took our healthcare away - liar
I don't want my granddaughter to witness the decline of our American values.  Stand up for what is right!
solve them by allowing people to go w/out insurance? #burntdownhouse #burneddownhouse #bloodonhands
I'd love to sit down and have a conversation in a town hall meeting!
Wow, burnt houses??
Witnessing the inauguration of that POS dictator is democracy???  You disgust me!!!
.@SenToomey You won by a narrow margin in 2016. Your constituents will be watching to see if you put party over country. Fight 4 our rights
.@SenToomey Where do you stand on the investigation on #RussiaGate? Remember, you won by a narrow margin this election. Put country first. 
where is your independent voice? Are you up for spending our money on investigating false election fraud? Was your win fake?
Senator Toomey, you should've taken your kids to the Women's March. That's what DEMOCRACY LOOKS LIKE. 
Did you point out to your kids that SCOTUS has been crippled for almost a year b/c of you & your colleagues? B/c Obama is Black?
I'm glad your kids enjoyed themselves. Can I ask why you think my child is the same as a burned out building?
And what are you going to do about Glenn Tuttle?
did you take your children to the Womens March&Rally to witness 1st amendment rights in action!?
More like celebrate the end of democracy. It's all about $$ for you people.
did you show them the protestors too, since that is also democracy in action?
as you should know, there are more Democrats in PA than republicans #fact
Yup...let's get to work.
Ok #PA lawyers, how do we get recall and referendum on our next ballots? @SenToomey is not representing us so let's find someone who will. https://twitter.com/Towanda2day/status/824031547498053633 …
I am also very curious why absentee ballots mailed late. Not all counted.
.@SenToomey @POTUS  is there anything you disagree with Trump about? Your party? Will you ever side with your Constituents over Party?
@musiklpn @SenToomey @POTUS I think I can answer that.                                                         NO.
would you please post your confirmation votes here so that all your constituents may know your positions? #transparency @POTUS
He really prefers posting on football.

But here's a position paper.
you are so weak. You represent the part first, and Pennsylvania second. We should've sent Katie.
Show #Pennsylvania #Democracy Meet your #Constituents  #TuesdayswithToomey
You promised to be a 'check' for Trump if you were elected!  We don't hear your voice! #Trump #paranoid
It was not a Democracy, it was an Electoral College vote. But we will do something about that. So tell the NSA, FBI, CIA about me
tax reform so you can give tax breaks to millionaires? Roll back regulations so banks can cause another great recession?
.@SenToomey  Do you agree with him on building a wall? How about a Muslim registry? How many did you count in the inauguration crowd?

.@SenToomey NO to DeVos. Voting yes, you will tell EVERY PA child that you don't care about their education. This could be your last term.
.@SenToomey The Resistance is strong. We'll be sure to remind voters EVERY day that you voted against the majority if you vote yes to DeVos.
if u received $55,000 from Devos r u really going 2vote against (this highly unqualified) nominee?
your tweets are 1-way & partisan. Not the platform you ran on. #PAVoters DEMAND you represent PA interests!

#2TermToomey
make yourself more accessible to your constitutes..your phone mailbox is full!
I hope you brought your children out the next day to see the historic #WomensMarchOnWashington too. An equally important lesson
-vote NO on betsy devos for ed. sec. hearing was an embarrassment. she is is not qualified for the job.
please do not approve block grants for Medicaid, senior depend on it for nursing care
and opinions on #womensmarch?I hope you're a catalyst for bringing our divided nation together
can't get through on any of your phone lines. Vote NO to Betsy DeVos.
I am Republic and I vote and we NEED the Affordable Care Act!  DO NOT REPEAL.   We are watching
This is just nonsense. You know he's cray cray and the only "people" he cares about are himselves.
Are there any ways you disagree with hugely unpopular Trump?
tell your staff to answer the phone!! You work for your constituents!
Don't vote for Tillerson, we don't need Russian interference in USA.
Instead of taxes & biz, how about protecting those with pre-existing conditions? People matter more.
Registered voter in PA. Taxes & regulations are one thing, but protections of the ACA are more important.
-repeal of the #ACA, will cause the deaths of 1000's- do u want that blood on your hands?
vote NO to @BetsyDeVos. You should already know, Philly needs better public schools to give ALL children the best chance we can.
.@SenToomey, show some moral backbone against Trump admin. Your PA constituents demand an open town hall with you.
YOU KNOW this man is unqualified & #mentallyill You are a Senator of #PA Country over Party! #corruptgop
Please do your constituents work; not the President's. Vote NO to Betty DeVos. Zip code 19454-1075
this is a freakin joke response
Called ur office; aide told me you felt DeVos a "well qualified candidate." How much $ did she donate b/f she became "qualified?"
Alternative "facts" will not wash this away: "Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything."
NO to Tillerson. His STRONG ties to Russia will not serve American interests.
NO To Betsy DeVos. She will dessimate American education and destroy our future.
.... I am looking forward to hearing your response at the next Townhall.
Ignoring the concerns of the people and avoiding these questions will not make them go away....
..., until Election Day. If you couldn't take a stance then, how can we be sure you will stand up for us?
Sen Tommey hasn't take a stand for any of us.He knows who butters his bread and has voted for the most corrupt gov
During the election season drama/scandals you were silent and refused to answer if you would con't to support Trump...
.As someone who is in a position to represent the citizens of PA will you represent ALL of us, not just the ones that voted Trump
There have been Marches and Protests around the US. Not everyone feels this president has the best interest of all Americans...
...even if it may require you to break from the party.
I'd love to hear if you plan to hold him accountable if questions arise about his conflicts of interest or ties to Russia...
Sen. Toomey, what will you do to combat the lies coming from the White House? #Trumplies
That sounds grand.  Will you also protect our right to health insurance?  Keep the ACA.

. Wld luc to celebrate. No Party Line. Townhall meet, yes!
Did you also bring them to the #WomensMarchOnWashington to show them what a real movement looks like
& change your Twitter banner to reflect PA's diversity. Our state isn't just white men. POC, women serve too. Unity? Ha!
You're always sucking up to him aren't you?!! You know how to unite us? Meet with your Philly constituents! Do it.
When is your vote for gutting Social Security and Medicare scheduled? How's your mother going to survive?
What are your thoughts on 'alternative facts'? Are you okay with an administration that, on day one,traffics in lies?
https://www.google.com/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5884ebc9e4b070d8cad330ac/amp?client=safari … please read
Please vote NO to Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified and ignorant about the field of education.
