
If only @SenToomey cared as much about saving American lives as he does sugar, #TrumpCare would fail. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/880481036857208832 …
Not true!  If you rise above the wage limit one year - you are out for future years
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS I forgot to ask where you are going to get the money for the increased traffic to emergency rooms.
That is where people will go when they don't have insurance. Or will you let the costs be passed on to those with insurance.
Right, you are shifting it to states who are having budget issues. You are from PA-how are they going to come up with the money.
answer your constituents
Yea jackhole, U are by setting it up 2 fail in a few years & putting it on the states to bail out (which you know they can't) - God you suck
You're a liar and you know it. Please see CBO report Senator
Everyone who has examined this statement says the GOP is not telling the truth. I believe that. I have heard it laid out. GOP is shady.
You are a liar!! Just like your buddy Lyin Ryan!!!
Your a liar and U led the party for The cuts in Medicade. U have FREE Health Ins. We the people pay for u and it's time to cancel free HC
Youre trying to obfiscate truth and its not working.  What about those that arent ablebodied or those that have children?
I call BULLSHIT. You did all you could to sabatoge the ACA. Don't lie to us Pat. We're gonna primary you.
LIar.
Don't insult our intelligence... if funding doesn't incr at rate costs incr & you do block grants/per capital caps, FEWER PPL WILL BECOVERED
Toomey should have honest w electorate during campaign. That he would do what Trump wanted, regardless of how it would impact Pennsylvanians
For all Politicians and look for another job because your about to lose your job at elections
Oh please!
800 billion dollars in cuts might not be the 'end' but it's enough to kill a massive number of the people who depend on it...
But wait, they are poor-so maybe it would be better if they all died. Poverty if obviously a moral failure
It is not a cut!

Yea but It effectively destroys Medicaid through freezes and rollbacks. Which will cause an economic crash like 2008.
There are other types of Medicaid beneficiaries senator (+$772 mn in cuts to Medicaid over 10 years) #ahca senator #lies
@SenToomey yep.  Except you cap how much the federal govt will pay.  We are not stupid.
YUP Able bodied working age, these are the people who need healthcare the most, NOT
Bs which is what you are good at.
The only thing you are good at. Go steal your own families money and leave the taxpayers alone
But by cutting funding you are kicking ppl off Medicaid. Without the level of resources, the program is useless
Sir, that is a definition of a term. It doesn't guarantee anything, no matter how many MSPaint blue circles an intern draws around it.
Pat, just fight to make sure all Americans have great Healthcare..... The current GOP bill is just ... "bad" ...
Liar.
What is wrong with Congress? Why are you not ending the Medicaid expansion? Medicaid is for poor people not lazy or irresponsible people.
LIAR
You are taking Medicaid away from 459,500 veterans while you exploit the military for photo ops on your twitter page
Misleading post- states have option impose work requirements & now have per capita caps on Federal reimbursement - See pg 28-29 of CBO  rpt
Quit your talking points. The people say no to this! You work for us and dont ever forget that.
where is the funding coming from? Can you explain it to me at a town hall?
Call @SenToomey everyday til he's willing to face his own voters! He'll steal from #MedicAid for #taxcuts to millionaires 202-224-4254
Senator, I dare you to spend time with constituents who are actual Medicaid recipients. I dare you to listen to social workers. Face truth.
When the bill doesn't cover pregnancy but prohibits abortions it is obvious GOP  doesn't care about babies, they want them to die naturally.
Pregnant women are able bodied; Medicaid not covering pregnancy is killing newborns.
Abortion the GOP way!
That is specious bull#hit and you know it.  This will cause irreparable harm to the PEOPLE you are supposed to represent.
Misleading and you know it
The circled part you show is merely the 'definition of terms' part of that section. Provide pertinent info to support your claim.
You will lose your seat after throwing millions off americans into the jaws of crooked insurance companies. Toomey/Trump care will be yours.
Stop lying!
Come out to town halls & explain it to your voters take their questions if you really believe your own bs but hiding out here is cowardly!
Again, why is funding taken away from healthcare to give tax cuts to the super rich?  Why won't anyone that question?
I'd prefer you just say nothing rather than insult my intelligence.
You can't take $772 billion out of the system and not reduce healthcare coverage for the poor.
There's great concern about what these changes mean for the disabled (decreased funds, lifetime cap). Please maintain the funding they need.
Please don't lie to us.  Why don't you tweet the part of the bill where the funding for Medicaid is choked off?
Sir, you are aligning yourself with the wrong people-liars, frauds, ultra-wealthy. #wrongsideofhistory
You have chosen Trump and McConnel over the people of Pennsylvania. You have chosen tax breaks for the rich over healthcare of your voters.
The Republican Congress is targeting the poor and sick. Tens of thousands will die if 15 million lose coverage next year + 22 million later.
How do you end Obamacare but not Medicaid expansion that happened DUE to Obamacare??
Please stop it. Stop lying. For God's sake stop lying.
This is gonna be a long wait.
January 3, 2023
You are ending Medicaid expansion as we know it! Big cut in reimbursement rate -- 8 states automatically drop out. Stop being so slippery
How about more then the definitions, what are you too cowardly to show us? Do you feel the shame for your lies? Enjoy your last term
Maybe you could have a town hall to school us all on what I'm sure you've read and fully understand.
Yes they are. Read your bill. Be better than this.
You're purposefully mischaracterizing the effect this bill will have. Your changes will mean millions fewer people covered. That's a cut.
Liar.
Without the money? How will that work for PA? It won't and the state legislature will pay the price.
Stop lying
What about the disabled or elderly who are on Medicaid and cannot work anymore????  Isn't that a huge demographic???
That proves nothing. Show in context, and where it is in the bill. We are not as unintelligent as you want us to be, talk to us, townhall.
This is an unholy grotesque bill. Only the rich will benefit from this bill.
Thanks for opposing Obamacare unlike Casey who wants it.
Bullshit
It doesn't sound that way. It sounds as though you are restricting access to low cost health insurance for disabled.
Sir you are trying to put lipstick on a pig, and what's worse is you know it. There is an opioid epidemic in our state and u just don't care
Block grant cap spending in 2020. So people lose Medicaid. Y R U lying?  Wash Po asks that u "abandon this deception". Aka stop lying liar.
Just cutting the $$$ for it via state block grants. NO ONE LIKED THE DISASTER OF A BILL. AMA SAYS NO.
Where do you get your "facts" and there is no reason for the CBO to lie. You never said they lied when it disagreed with Obama #Period
Medicaid SHOULD NOT be expanded.  It was meant as a safety net for the poor.  BTW, how many in congress were forced into Obamacare?!
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/states-hit-by-medicaid-cuts-in-senate-healthcare-bill-2017-6 …

#Fact  You can prove this is wrong, so you ignore it, like you do to your constituents #Period
And wht about the oveall Medicaid fundng stream?  Ur plan would bring %age from 90 to 57. 8 States will kill expansion by doing this.
Just decimating it...  and putting people's lives at risk
Why should we listen to you, when you can't be bothered to listen to us. You are terrible for PA in every way. A disgrace.
you're spreading lies & showing your outright hatred of anyone who is on medicaid. PA Special needs children will be forced to lose coverage
If you pass the cost on to states that can't afford it, it will end whether you tell them to keep it or not. #MythVsFact
How much in taxes will you personally save with this bill?
What are the "subclauses"? Prexisting conditions? Please explain.
This bill is absurd, and we can afford it, but you'd rather give tax breaks to the top .01% and top 1%.  HEARTLESS.  You should be ashamed.
Americans are going bankrupt less because of OCare. You are going to drive more people into poverty so you can give tax breaks to the rich.
Our House reps who voted No have more courage than you do. You aren't up for re-election for 5.5 yrs. You are hanging us out to dry.
This bill is heartless and soulless, and you, sir, will not show your face to constituents because you are a coward. We know it & so do you.
Congress is reducing Medicaid expansion. Don't lie about it. Many will be caught in no-man's land. Too poor to afford higher ins rates.
When states can't cover costs pushed to them, state will raise state and local taxes to cover the costs. Either way, we pay.
That is literally a definition, says nothing about funding, block granting, pushing option to States.  @SenBobCasey can you explain this?
133% of poverty line is $19,500 per year. Age 64 earning $25K now, pays $1700 yearly premium. Your Sen, bill: will pay $6500 per yr premium.
no, just not funding it anymore. Selective truth telling with the purpose of misdirection.
Vote postponed..Probably signals #mcconnell's decline with this loss of power and smell of failure #congress #healthcare
listen to your constituents not your wallet... #ACA #Aca #Obamacare #TrumpCareKills
Toomey go home!  They are waiting for you there. Try to  convince your constituents their lying eyes deceive them.
Your spin is pathetic.  One factoid makes up for the horror of rising premiums and kicking millions off of insurance ?  SHAMELESS LIAR
Pregnant women don't deserve Medicaid. Got it.
What about the part of the bill that limits the time frame period for filing Medicaid applications from 3 months to 1?
You need to completely revamp the process by which county assistance offices handle these applications before slashing time frames by 2/3rds
If you cared about your constituents at all, you would have asked the CAOs how they process applications and realized 1 month is infeasible
Especially if your constituent doesn't have a drivers license/valid ID and needs to file for a birth cert before even submitting the app
Do you know how long it takes to get a birth certificate from the government? I bet you don't.
People who might qualify for Medicaid will need to provide extensive documentation of their inability to afford your shitty BCRA plans
Account for waiting periods implemented and CAOs inability to respond in timely fashions within a 1-month filing time period.
Able body adults should be working not laying around ducking off the gov.
Not pictured: the part of your bill where you cut millions of dollars in funding for said expansion, making it useless. So.
Only stopping the funding, and ensuring that it can not keep up with inflation. No difference to those that won't be covered.
Perhaps you should have @SenBobCasey explain this to you; although, I am quite certain that you already understand.
if you want to be taken seriously, maybe pick an adult font next time. 

also, you're an embarrassment to PA. Can't wait to replace you! xo
Time to realize 83% of the country does not want the ACA repealed. Time to work in a bipartisan way to improve what is existing
You want us to believe you, a man who doesn't have the balls, to face your constituents?  Grow a pair and put people's lives before party!
$800 billion in Medicaid cuts affect the most vulnerable: Residents at nursing homes, the disabled, & poor children.
Someone tell me how this is not a cut to the Medicaid program. 
#MythVsFact Less funding means less people covered. How is that #MAGA?
You may want to let the White House know that... Or at least get your stories straight. Oh, and, answer your phone!!!!
Senator Toomey, Your discussion points on Senate GOP #HealthcareBill ring hollow. We want #HealthcareNotWealthcare
Even the Trump Administration report agrees that fewer Americans will be insured under Medicaid. From CMS https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Research/ActuarialStudies/Downloads/AHCA20170613.pdf … 
u want to force pregnant women to carry to term but u want to deny them access to prenatal care?
Im starting to think u dont care abt women!
Congress is just going to stop paying for it, so you can cut taxes. The contempt you have for us is demonstrated,
This bill is a travesty & represents ZERO improvement over the ACA. The only motivation your tribe has is to undo what the black man did!
I live in your state and vote in your state.. This healthcare bill is unacceptable. It also decreases govt revenue btw
The @SenateGOP claims their bill doesn't cut Medicaid or that it somehow makes the expansion permanent. That is deliberately misleading.
Yes it is.
Fewer people will be covered by Medicaid and it will receive $700 bil less federal funding, so IT'S A CUT!
You guys understand what a CBO score is? Come on.
GOP loves states rights when it comes to defunding them or selling public land, against it when states legalize same sex marriage or weed
Millions that depend on Medicaid are not able-bodied, working age, childless adults. Hold a town hall so we can discuss this! #NoBCRA
Who is going to vote for you next time if your constituents are all too sick to get to the polls?
Just searched how to impeach your senator...seems to be a popular Google search today. You forget your place and who you work for!
Just not funding it.  Also scaling back on what is covered.   Be honest, stop lying.  Better yet, resign your office.
Able-bodied, working age, childless.  That ain't everyone. And we know you all love to mess with working age. STOP JUST STOP
Ok Senator. The vote is delayed. When do we meet you? #townhall #meetyourbosses #NoBCRA
Yeah, u can try the circled text thing but ur not as smart or compassionate as @SenBobCasey And you lie. Blatantly. On national tv. Pathetic
No, just decreasing the amount of the expansion and stretching that expansion over a longer period of time.
Liar
Have a town hall and tell it to our face. Zip 15234.
Hey Senator, vote delayed until after July 4 recess so you can discuss with your constituents at a Town Hall Meeting...oh wait...
Can't wait to vote you out. Big mistake getting on the sinking ship that is Trump &Trumpcare
Do NOT vote favorably for the BCRA. FIX OBAMACARE, don’t continue sabotaging it.
So you are just proposing expanding it my $1 Trillion?  And punish anyone with a break in coverage. Got it. #ToomeyLies #ToomeyCoward
What's the point of expanding coverage for a program you're gutting? Literally nobody thinks this bill is good. #SaveOurCare #NoBCRA
Pick up the phone instead of hiding behind Twitter. We've wrote to you, called, faxed.. yet you still ignore us
But the bill will cut money for Medicaid.
So, people who aren't of working age or with children or who are not able bodied have no merit? Seriously, what is this?
If this bill is so wonderful ...Why are you exempted from it???
What's your plan for the 700,000 Pennsylvanians who will be losing health insurance under your plan ?
I don't support this health-care bill! Any bill that cuts millions off of healthcare is insane! Vote "NO" to trumpcare! Cutyourhealthcare!
Senator you trying to mislead us with semantics. You are cutting planned funding to Medicare so you are cutting Medicare. Stop lying to us
Prove it, give up your privledged care plan pat. You wont-#GOPhealthcare
Half truths are your specialty pat
Nope, but good try
Maine is looking alot better then PA.  At least they sentor actually read the COB report.
Lets discuss at your next townhall. When exactly is it?
LIAR YOUR VOTE HAS BEEN POSTPONED KEEP CALLING EMAILING AND TWEETING
What is that, one paragraph out of how many pages??? Get with the real world Toomey!  No one is buying your rich man lies
Time for bi-partisanship.  Find a middle ground that protects the people of this country.  You work for the voters, not Trump or McConnell.
voting for current health care will for you like touching the third rail no tax cuts use it to fix care
Liar. U r a liar. You are gutting it. I know how to read thanks to my PUBLIC SCHOOL EDUCATION
#NoCapsNoCuts  Represent PA,not pharma,Betsy,Koch bros,etc. U r supposed 2 represent US, PAresidents. WTF is wrong w/u? Devoid of compassion
SCRUTINIZE EXPENSES FROM PAST,,,,
BUT SCRITINZE EXPENSES AT THE PRESENT, CURRENT,,? IS MONEY ALREADY IN SMALL TOWN HANDS??IFsoTHIS NEEDSattn
Tell your staff to answer the phone, and to be polite.
We do not believe you. Do not vote for this thing.
THESE SMALL TOWN PROJECTS DO NOTHING, BUT WASTE R NOT JUST
STUPID,BUT CORRUPTION HIDDEN FROM EYES AS VALID WHEN NOT,,NOT!!!!
Liar
You r making it inaccessible 4 those who need it, u are slashing at it w/caps and cuts- STOP LYING. If it's so gr8 stop trying to trick ppl
Come tell us all about it at an in person town hall! Facebook and phone in town halls are for cowards. You work for us!
You say that as if you think expanding Medicaid is a good thing.
FED MONEY IS BEING USED
UNNECESSARILY&WASTEFULLY 
WHILE OUR VETERANS,& ACTIVE,& WOUNDED NEED THE MONEY MORE!!!!
STUPID SMALL TOWN PROJECTS
And what about the essential health benefits? What good is the insurance I purchase if the companies aren't forced to cover basics?
But you're cutting enough to make it obsolete
WE NEED A THOROUGH & COMPLETE
HONEST INVESTIGATION INTO THE CORRUPTION THAT HAS BEEN, BEEN
GOING ON AT ALL LEVELS,ESP SMALL TOWNS,,EXTREME
BS Senator, hold a face2face mtg with ur constituents 2 explain ur reasoning.  People of PA deserve better than this bill, stop avoiding us!
THESE PEOPLE ARE SUCKING THE MONEY FROM OUR FED FUNDS & STATE FUNDS & ARE JUST CRIMINALS WAITING OPPOTUNITY TO RETURN TO CRIME
THERE ARE ABLE BODIED PEOPLE
WHO CAN WORK WHO REFUSE  TO WORK, 
REFUSE TO TAKE ORDERS,WHO HAV  COMMITTED CRIME&WANT 2 DO CRIME AGAIN
GOP promised to make healthcare better unless You Believe a tax break for the wealthy somehow improves PAvoters healthcare This isn't better
Can you tell us that with a straight face? The impact of this bill would be immeasurable heartbreak...and 22mm without insurance
Enlighten me how not covering pregnant women, people with dependent children and the elderly helps. Do you even understand what you posted?
"not ending" means shifting the costs to states that have already been forced to cut funding for higher ed, while cutting taxes for the 1%
SenToomey vote NO on this monstrosity of a healthcare bill we   PA voters shouldn't have 2 choose between healthcare or food
