AND so Taking away OUR HC subsidies will help this?  What are U .@SenToomey WHY DO #RepublicansHateUSSoMUCH Do YOU have to use the ACA ???
Now why don't you fund the NIH and the ACA instead of giving yourself and you rich overlords a tax break?

Day 4. #GetCovered at http://healthcare.gov  and tell others about open enrollment. https://twitter.com/choo_ek/status/926472603643953153 …
Weird, since you also support taking away the healthcare of many suffering with Alzheimer’s.
Pity you don't extend the same compassion or curiosity in your job
Truly Laughable from Toomey who wants to gut healthcare access for millions of ppl. Good for your staff. I wish they’d stop enabling you.
My niece asked will she have health care in 2018. I told her no because you will not be able to afford it,  Say no to support of Trump
Why the fuck did people vote for you?  You are at best useless, at worst parasitical. Resign!
How will people afford care? You are making it your mission to destroy healthcare.

Shameful. @realDonaldTrump refuses to say whether being gay should be illegal. Roy Moore and Trump are dangerous for #LGBTQ people. 
You're terrified Trump has it. We all are. The difference is that we speak up, you #SpinelessCoward. Do the right thing. Buy the shirt.
Thank you. Now put your money where your photo op is & pass legislation to fund research & health care for this same population.
How about protecting their healthcare?
You want to end Alzheimer's but you'll let @realDonaldTrump take people's health care away? These views cannot coexist
I applaud your staff. Now what are YOU doing to EndAlz? Killing the ACA? Supporting an anti-science President? You. Must. Do. Better.
ACA dying on it's own. You just don't know anything about science or you would understand how wrong your info is.
Now let's plan a walk to protect health care for older Pennsylvanians and those with pre existing conditions!!!
Why don't you walk out on the floor of the Senate and call for a bill that gives everyone health care so that anyone with Alz is treated?
Hard to end it when you vote to cut medical research so your friends can get tax cuts. Don’t tell me your priorities, show me your budget.
All we see you doing is standing by while Trump ends everything that makes America great
Your staff walks while you work to make it impossible for people to even get healthcare!! Shame on you!!
Really?  And yet you would take healthcare away from those diagnosed?
Pat do you support the decision coming out of the white house.
Have not heard your standard rubberstamp.
Wait. Your staff walks.  You destroy. What is wrong with this picture?
Great...now any response to Prez's healthcare announcement? People will suffer and yet you say nothing. But we are used to that here in PA
It's a damn shame your walking won't actually save people from losing their healthcare.... #GoTalkToYoBoy #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #Obamacare
Great and worthy cause. That said......Quit!
You know what would really help people with ALS? NOT TAKING AWAY THEIR HEALTHCARE.
Did you participate as well? I think I know my answer before I even ask the question.
It would be great if people suffering from Alzheimer's had equal access to affordable healthcare...
You should be working on fixing the ACA and getting rid of TRUMP!!!
Thank you for this. I lost my grandfather to this terrible disease.
Meanwhile, your boss is signing executive orders to screw over millions of Americans. Hope you had a lovely time at the Alzheimer's Walk.
So you just want to end this disease for the rich? Taking away the aca is exactly that.  You're appalling
Hey Pat, Is ALZ considered to be a pre-existing condition? If so, do you see any hypocrisy in you posting this/you pushing for Ocare repeal?
You Staff sound like better people than you you should get to work or update your resume.  Fight for the ACA, women’s rights and gun control
Pity you don't extend the same compassion or curiosity in your job
What are you doing for alzheimers, working on defunding  the ACA. Shows how much you care.
Yes, an excellent cause!  There's another excellent cause you should also support - ending a failed presidency!
I haven't noticed the president failing.
I've always thought that walking was a great cure/treatment for Alzheimer's.  Let's hope so since you want to end all of our healthcare.
Members of my staff......you didn't walk?   Amazing
You should get out more yourself! Talk to folks, like your constituents. Oh, please dump Trump before it's too late.  xRepublican but I vote
Don't sell out the middle class on "tax reform."
And what are you doing about gun violence? Have you guys forgotten about Vegas already? What about Sandy Hook? Anything? Bueller?!
You were ALL IN to repeal the ACA and replace it with squat. Stop trying to gaslight everyone that you care about anything except you.
#EndToomeysTerm would be pretty sweet.
You could help stabilize our nation's heath care system, which AD patients and their families rely on, by appropriating funds for CSRs!
And I guess it's going to take citizens walking and raising money for people with diseases since you want to take their healthcare.
And earlier today I tried to call several of your offices. No answer as usual. Maybe you should take a walk and never come back to Congress
but then you did not speak out against cutting the ACA payments. Actions, real actions speak louder #standforus
Do you know what else will help? Decent healthcare coverage!
It's awesome you are abt ALZ what are you doing to help ppl have affordable care when that happens?
Has Trump gone too far for you yet? When will you admit he is dangerous and unhinged?
I think you misplaced your backbone.
What about CHIP?  What about national security?  What about Puerto Rico?  What about our diminished standing in the world?  What about Iran?
You know, there was an EO on healthcare Thursday. Nothing to say? What is this, leading from behind.
Who is walking for our President, a man who is clearly demented?  Wake up, Pat, and speak out. Your electorate is waiting
Somewhere I saw the phrase “ a coagulation of evil”. Quite fitting.
How about a walk to end taxes and the rotten healthcare that your subsidized for 
Why don't y'all walk on over to a public town hall meeting with your constituents?
Get the head of your party checked for it - he displays classic signs #FakePresident #Putinspuppet
Work much much harder to prevent Trumpcare from destroying coverage for people with pre-existing conditions, then tweet us.
Bravo to your staff. Notably absent was yourself. Guess you need not give back a little to society. You sure have taken from it #DoNothing
Pennsylvania wants you to stand w/  @SenBobCorker & push the @HouseJudiciary to initiate #Impeachment & revoke Kushner’s security clearance
As a Republican I guess you think that makes up for making Alzheimer care unaffordable for most Americans.
We need a walk that supports getting you and Con Man Don to resign. Tax Reform is a con job too.
So, what are you doing about CHIP, the ACA, PR & USVI? Oh, & Mnuchin admitted your tax plan benefits the wealthy. Hold a town hall.
Oh let's all take a walk to cure everything since we won't have the good medical insurance to do it. You can walk in #2020 to a new job
Great! Now stand up for all Americans. Vote 2 restrict Trump from 1st strike #NorthKorea #SaveCHIP & #ACA #ProtectMueller #PuertoRicoRelief
Well that’s not even reasonable. They pretty much cannot stop a first strike.
Restricting 1st Use of Nuclear Weapons Act 2017 
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/669 …
If we ask them how it went, will they say, "He hasn't commented on that."
It's under consideration!
Doesn't make up for all the horror you do and condone with your continued support of that Nazi KKK White Supremacist in the White House
Okay, they're still the shittiest, worst informed staff on the hill.
Nice - guess the Koch’s let you out today.  When is your Pgh townhall spineless Pat?
