IN JOHNSTOWN THOUSANDS ARE BEING HELPED. 470,00 of your voters will lose coverage if you repeal ACA! You are heartless.
@realDonaldTrump is bringing back steel and other industries. Johnstown will have jobs & ability 2 pay 4 cheaper health care. Everybody bens

Wow!
TOMMY HAS A COLD HEART PENN! I WONDER WHY??
BOUGHT AND PAID FOR:
It gave insurance to those that didn't have it before and saved lives. It has 5 times the support your weak replacement bill has in any form
Middle class choking on ACA, many lost their insurance. Strong middle class makes 4 strong country. ACA killing middle class
Are you using the ACA?
No. Can't afford it. Way too expensive for nothing.  Paying stupid penalties until @realDonaldTrump ended penalties. Thanking him every day
I think you might be misinformed. The mandate is still being enforced by the current administration. It works well, and better than nothing.
Trump got rid of the individual mandate through executive order.  It's the first thing he did as @POTUS
Its a law passed by congress. That executive order is just a guideline. Without congressional action it has no effect. They said in May 1/2
The IRS is not enforcing it.
THE BIG LIE CONTINUES!
HIN THE WORLD DID PENN.ELECT A HEARTLESS GUY LIKE TOOMEY. PA SEE WHAT YOU WILL LOOSE UNDER THE SENATE BILL:
MYTH: Toomey is a moderate voice for purple state PA
FACT:
Toomey’s the extremist. A lockstep Trump vote in a 50/50 state, a free-market cultist in a shrinking state, and a nativist demagogue. https://twitter.com/JonathanTamari/status/884427613908946944 …
MYTH: Toomey regularly meets with Pennsylvanians he may disagree with
FACT: He has them arrested
All 7 protesters inside Toomey's office have been handcuffed and arrested by Capitol Police 
So glad I don't live in PA anymore. Born and raised there left in 2000 for Seattle. Love it here, the people the weather and my reps in DC
MUST BE NICE TO NOT HAVE A TOMMEY COLDHEARTED SENATOR REPRESENTING YOU!
Senator Tommey represents only himself.
He hides from his constituents!
We need health care, education funding,investment in infrastructure not a tax give away to corporations and top 1 percent .
STOP TOMMEY AND GOP!!!!!
Now the #CorkerKickback. I wonder if @SenToomey is a millionaire and has real estate investments. He and @SenBobCorker are  probably in the same boat. Many of the amendments added in committee were added to get Senators to vote for it.
Obama really cared about Americans, you don't.
You only care about the rich, the rest of us can eat cake.
Obamacare needs to be totally repealed not renamed.  No Govt. control of Health.  Congressment exempted - Disgraceful.
One would think that as a member of the 'Secret' healthcare brain trust you would understand that what you are stating is 'Horse Poopy' !!
Guess there’s no room to list the tax cuts to the wealthy on there . Hmm I hope those who voted you back in are proud
So are you saying that BCRA *wasn't* a tax cut for the rich. That graphic kinda changes the subject.

Your alternative facts there don't address the concern expressed in the Myth. #yourefired #lastterm
SENATOR, 470 THOUSAND OF YOUR VOTERS WILMLOSE COVERAGE ON RPEAL OF THE ACA! HOW CAN YOU VOTE TO EFFECT THIS INJUSTICE? REALLY?
ACTUALLY THE TRU NUMBER LOSS IS OVER A MILLION! SEE:
TOMMEY CONSTITUENTS:
Fact: YOUR #BCRA is Anti-Christian and kills Americans so YOU CAN POCKET the $$$ from dead Americans including Children!!
my family has #celiacdisease already higher food &medical costs.  Don't allow insurance companies to make them even higher
Liar...my opinion. I saw people get well because of the ACA. I was an RN for 35 yrs. Reagan and DRGS ruined HC in 80s. ACA SAVED LIVES!!!!
Fact: GOP senators will devastate their constituents to pass a tax cut that will only benefit their donors. #shame #VoteNoBCRA
Nothing you wrote raises any argument against your alleged myth that this is nothing but a giveaway for the wealthy.
Fact: Toomey's a coward who can't/won't face his constituents. #wheresToomey
Toomey wants to help the middle class. REPEAL Ocare!
No, he doesn't. This bill only helps the upper class. It's a tax cut at the expense of the middle class.
Praying Senate merely repeals ACA & gets out of health care completely other than pass malpractice reform & enable pooled risk (tax free!)
Stop and ask yourself why we are the only industrialized nation on earth that let's families be destroyed by Healthcare costs.
Support you always! Fight for healthcare. 42 years old, married, no children. Small business owner with 21 employees. 75 hour work week for 10 years. Current healthcare, $970 a month with a $7350 INDIVIDUAL deductible. Not fair! Help small small small businesses
BIG LIE CONTINUES!
Myth: callling ACA "Obamacare" clouds the good in this plan
Fact: calling "Trumpcare" BCRA doesn't change the fact -tax break for wealthy
You are a fraud, a coward & a liar @sentoomey.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2-2HRSEoVg …  just another "Liberal"?  WHEN did H/Care prices go down, ever?  smells like hypocrisy to me, render unto Caesar
welfare to the elite. most of our tax dollars go to the corrupt elite.  always so "cute" how there is no talk from the Repubs about that.
35 billion in taxes by 300 million Americans is 116$ each. Explain to me again how it's not a tax break for the super wealthy?
Look you Koch puppet. Get your hands out of my pockets & steal from some one who can afford it!  #GOPbillstinks
The ACA is not in a death spiral. Subsidies are being withheld. It's a shame you are playing with people's lives.
FACT: This will also affect those of us who get our health insurance through our employer. Expect those increased premiums to be passed on.
Your time is limited representing Pennsylvanians.  Either you support us or your voted out.
You don't represent us fairly.  Stop rigging the system.  Pennsylvanians are not stupid like you think we are .  No cool-aid for us!!
please explain why group coverage is different and cheaper than an individual coverage - why are there two pricing systems - PROBLEMATIC !
Wrong! Sad!
Toomey,toomey,Toomey.  We know who you are really working for.
The Bad Care Reconciliation Act has  17% rating #BCRA

Then REPEAL! Republican senators voted multiple times to repeal Ocare when O was president. Now u have @POTUS who will sign repeal. Do it
Wow, unbelievable have you looked araound PA, your people are Sick and older.
Yes but at least people have health care and are not going bankrupt. As well as making healthcare companies taking huge losses.
Hitting the middle class: Ins. Co. overhead is much higher than #SaveMedicaid windfall profits on basic human rights are wrong #publicoption
Gross misrepresentation. Simple ways to fix ACA. Just DO IT
.@SenToomey how much have YOU gotten from Pharma, Insurance, others?  I heard $5 million..i bet that buys an NICE house.. #TellUsWhatYouGot
So taking $1Trill away to give to the rich .@SenToomey and taking HC from 23 million is hitting the middle class? #NiceLies #TellTruthToomey
Your solution?  Care to explain at townhall or finance committee hearing?
Meanwhile...the Tax Policy Center finds Trump’s tax cuts would give the poor $40 each and the ultrarich $940,000: https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/12/15959210/trump-tax-cuts-reform-tax-policy-center …
"Socializing the cost?!" You LIED to us Pat Toomey. The GOP has been lying to us 7+ years! Not my party anymore
TrumpCare eliminates health care not alleged Obama tax hikes - pretty obvious if you cared to look/think rather than blindly follow Trump
Fact: If you vote to pass TrumpCare (BCRA) against the will of your constituency AGAIN, you will seal your fate. #DumpToomey
@vafiori PLEASE fulfill Republican promise to repeal Obamacare. We don't want government healthcare but freedom of opportunity, job creation
@SenToomey are you willing to pay $16,000 that my mother will pay under your plan?  My mother will die and her death will be on your hands!
The BCRA is so bad that even insurance agencies oppose it, due to your changes leading to destabilized markets. https://www.ahip.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Allowing-Compliant-Noncompliant-Plans-Messages-Updated-07.10.2017.pdf …
Insurance companies make fortunes in regulated and taxed markets.  Let free market determine what people want coverage for. REPEAL only!
Shame on u 4 supporting the proposal and lying about it. Lies in nice graphics are still lies. You'll cause millions of deaths. No! Govern!
Hey Toomey, Allentown office 610-434-1444 is doing pickups-and-hangups. What is up with that? #NoAHCA #TrumpCare #ToomeyCare #SaveMedicaid
Hey Toomey, Your Pittsburgh staff 412-803-3501 claims they cant hear me when I bought my phone last week. #SaveACA #TrumpCare #NoAHCA
They hung up on me! They are rude! Never been so insulted! What is up PAT? Who do U have working for you? Sad times when U hide from people!
Remember Senator, the sword used in tax cuts, may be used both ways. There is risk involved in future elections for you. Just sayin.
Sen Toomey please lead, speak truth to defiling lies and crassness of our president, silence is complicity, show your moral courage.
Please comment on #NetNeutrality Censorship by ISPs is a huge problem both for constituents and for small businesses. Support Title II!
It's time to give up the BCRA. Moderate GOP will not agree, & far right GOP want full repeal.No middle ground. How about working on budget?
FIrst priority,get the Trump family members out. No attending any meetings and no access to sensitive information. Get them out.
Agreed! So fully REPEAL it, NOW!
So you live in a different reality. Saying something is fact does not make it so.
Really?! U don't think that windfall profits & price gouging medication has anything to do with costs going up? Or when a CEO makes millions
How bout still having insurance companies gouging us.
@SenBobCasey YOU foisted o-care upon us by voting for it! Now you demagogue every attempt to fix it so you can get reelected @SenateGOP
So taxes on companies that gets passed 2 consumer is same as Trump charging  4 wall & that getting passed 2 Americans 4 wall we don't need
Here is another example that disputes your claim.  Maybe you should discuss this in finance committee hearings.
This chart shows just how much the Senate health care bill helps the rich http://money.us/2tEY4TB 
Myth: Toomey wants kids in Pa to thrive. Fact: Toomey wants rich people to get richer #MythVsFact #IcouldPlayallday
Fact Toomey does NOT want US 2 become third world socialist country & destroy middle class w/ Medicaid. REPEAL Ocare & replace w/ free mkt
I love this game: Myth: Toomey cares about people/children of PA. Fact: Toomey is party over people. #MythVsFact
As your constituent I have preexisting conditions as well as my children & grandchildren. Genetic's and you want us to pay more. #VoteNoBCRA
So your answer: raise the taxes on those middle class and give breaks to super rich. Seems legit. Dickweed
The glaring fact Mr Toomey is Congress did nothing but complain about ACA and did nothing to correct it. Now you want to give us #Trumpcare
Stop distorting the facts to suit your bull. You are a lousy senator and we can't wait till you're gone
Heard you lying on WAEB this morning. So cutting 800 b to give 1% isn't part of ur lies? But pultry 45b is big for opioides  man u lie a lot
Your fallacy in looking at healthcare needs is that you are only interested in saving tax dollars. Try looking at what PA residents need.
Myth:Toomey is interested in helping PA residents and listens to their healthcare issues.
Fact: It's Toomey's idea to put caps on Medicaid.
You seem to conveniently forget that healthcare rates were skyrocketing before the ACA. The ACA helped reign that in until Trump's election.
No support 4 Consumer Freedom Amendment = your support for single payer!
FACT: Financial contributions from Pharmaceutical & insurance companies makes Pat Toomey tell lies to the people he's supposed to represent.
By continuing to support the Trump presidency, you are aiding and abetting a hostile foreign power intent on destroying our democracy
The Koch Bros are so getting their money's worth with you. You are their Senator, not Pennsylvanias. #recalltoomey
Please meet with your constituents
Meet with your constituents, you yellow-bellied coward.  Your lockstep voting with Dear Leader will define you forever.  You sicken us.
#my-senator-doesn't-care, out for himself Pat
Toomey #heartless #i-got-mine-screw-u love healthcare "reform" cause HIS healthcare is not impacted.
This bill IS a gift to the rich. And makes insurance so expensive millions will lose coverage. Fix the ACA.  Don't put this through.
Repeal now we vote in pa
So instead we will lower the taxes for the top 2 percent, while screwing over the poor, disabled, and elderly.  #singlepayer your plan sucks
Trump care is a tax break for the wealthy
AAA made healthcare costlier for young healthy people... Instead of smoke and mirrors, talk about regulating the healthcare industry #Fact
@SenToomey & his closed door BUDDIES rather commit GENOCIDE than live w/ us Burned out shell voters.  Just  think we die less votes against
Stop with your propaganda Senator. Your plan will hurt Senior and Children. 22 million without healthcare. Shame on you.
The CBO has a different take Sen. stop pretending we will be better off, the truth will set you free
The entire plan must be replaced. No exceptions. TY
Fact: It's the super wealthy who get the tax cut.  You'd better get a nice pay-off from the Koch brother to make this worth it.
Let's keep up those corporate subsidies though, right Patsy? What a POS you are, lining your pockets at the expense of the middle class!
Myth: Trumpcare is a "veiled" tax cut.  Fact: It's not veiled at all.  It's the only reason the GOP wants the bill.
Myth: Sen Toomey takes bribes from health care industry Fact: sure looks like it
Nobody with even half a brain believes anything you say Can't wait to vote you out.
We see through your lies & despite moving offices, we still know where to find you. Start listening to your constituents #TuesdaysWithToomey
Imagine that. The Senator from Aetna tells another lie.
The individual mandate isn't a tax, you weird liar
We are a middle class family; the AFA saved my life. Don't repeal and replace. Why don't you listen to your constituents?
We're a middle class family & had 2 drop health care coverage or go broke. REPEAL!
Or focus on fixing the ACA so we all win. The real problems are the inflated costs of medicine, testing, & treatment.
Myth: People will believe your vague and cherry-picked #MythVsFact tweets.
Fact: WE IN PA DON'T WANT YOUR CRAPPY HEALTHCARE BILL.
As a constituent & fellow American, I ask that you do not repeal Obamacare. Especially to enact a far worse plan. #HealthcareNotWealthcare
I can't wait to vote against you.
Do you think the staffer who designs these images tries to atone for their dishonesty by making them super ugly?
Repealing Obamacare is not the answer! Protect your constituents and vote no! We are watching you and will remember!!
You know that your party sabotaged the ACA. It's time for you to work for the people and work with the Dems. Stop the sabotage.
Healthcare costs have been growing since the 1970s. Obamacare appreciably slowed their rise.
Then do something g to fix it and stop suggesting that the current house plan is viable for US Citizens.

So when are you going to abandon the USS Trumptanic?  It's going down fast. #25AmendmentNow 
#LockDonJrUp
outside your office. Miss u! @TuesdaysToomey #TuesdayswithToomey
Fact: 777,000 people would lose their healthcare in your state if ACHA approved.
Mr. Toomey, the two choices you've given Pennsylvanians is the horrible health care bill or repeal. Both are equally devastating for us.
Wrong...wrong...wrong...stop lying. STOP IT
My premiums started going up after the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act passed.
Lies! Healthcare costs three to four times as much a decade ago then any other country that provides care to all @AdamBercosky
Why not work to fix Obamacare instead of kickin 22 million people off insurance to give a tax cut to millionaires?
so give a tax cut to the wealthy?
#toomey tweets and all of the hundreds of comments on the tweet are against toomey. Not good.
Senator can you just spend a moment talking about how annual and lifetime caps will be reinstated under Trumpcare
Senator Bull xxxx

As a member of the middle class I was not impacted by higher taxes. In fact, I quit working to obtain a college degree. Try again...
We Want free market healthcare, not government subsidized care. Support Cruz-Lee Amendment message from PA residents Beaver, PA 15009
Middle class taxes = how much coverage costs when you DON'T have insurance. Get a grip dude. You are OUT OF TOUCH.
This is not accurate infor. Obamacare is not failing as badly as the GOP claims: the GOP is withholding subsidies that are crucial #GOPfail
I'm am ashamed when I realize that u are one of my reps in Washington. You think of yourself, your pockets and those that line those pockets
The Cruz-Lee amendment eliminates some of ObamaCare's worst regulations, we of Beaver, PA 15009 need you to support this amendment.
Why don't you take on pharmaceutical companies!!!! And medical costs!!! That's what hurts everyone that can't afford insurance.
Please repeal
Please spare me the smell of ur bullshit.
Myth: Toomey is a caring human being who listens to his constituents.  Fact: .... ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, yeah, it's more expensive to HAVE health insurance than it is to NOT have it and die.
Please skip malarkey and tell us how much a taxpayer earning $50K will pay in premiums after you've finished fixing health insurance.
Wrong wrong wrong
You lie!  What taxes were raised on the middle-class?  The 3.8% tax on high stock investments?  The additional .9% Med. Tax > 200k? Explain.
The fact that you believe your own malarkey, tells me you have no business being my senator or anyone else's.
Disingenuous is the politest way to describe your lies, @SenToomey you mislead to justify turning your back on your state.
Following your Twitter feed is a daily reminder to actively participate in electing your opponent in a few years.
And giving tax breaks to the wealthy takes even more $ from middle class. Don't lie for your buddies!!!
considering your alliance with the walking C-diff infection, why should anyone believe a damn word you say?
Your slick 1970's Madison Ave Advertising is not convincing. Your pitching with 20th Cntry tools to a 21st Cntry sophisticated  base.
We have never seen such a chicken as you, Pat. Meet your constituents. All need to talk to you. Stop hiding. What are you afraid of?
Reminder: You beat McGinty by 1.7%. Libertarian got 3.9% You have no mandate.  PA likes Obamacare, which saves lives. BCRA is deathcare.
we don't want the bill, we want repeal and return to free market
This bill stinks and is worse than AHCA -- which three GOP PA Reps DID NOT SIGN, joining Dems.  Casey is for PA. You are not. Get a clue!
#looneyToomey thinks people dying is the better option here. Well if all the middle class dies who will pay your salary? The rich?
Pat, if I get a cheaper premium under #BCRA what will it cost if I have a #preexistingcondition?
Trumpcare Senate outline allows essential benefits & care for people with pre-existing conditions to be cut.

 https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2017/06/14/how-the-senate-health-care-bill-will-drop-people-with-preexisting-conditions/?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.af9cd4bda7af …
Spoiler alert - if my state waives the essential health benefits coverage & insurers opt for caps & limits on all other coverage...
Premiums won't matter bc under #BetterCare, my out of pocket costs will sky rocket.
Do tell, will you help to make euthanasia legal in PA as it's preferable to dying slowly in front of my kids & bankrupting them. #BetterCare
Please stop acting like you give a damn about the middle class when your party is approving of those ridiculous tax cuts for the rich.
Fix it. You got nuthin'.
So what does it do to help the rich and not help the middle class?
Quit being a creep Pat.
When workers in West Virginia have two or three jobs to stay alive, you don’t take away their health care to give billionaires tax breaks.
You think this is free money 
How about this as free money
More important than being part of SECRET13: is Russian influence. GOP/TRUMPCARE will cause major job losses in healthcare sector
Dump Toomey, Medicare for all Americans now!
Why don't you focus on actual problems in pa like opioids rather than taking away people's healthcare?!
Once again, the wealthy Koch bros schill speaks for the middle class, tho won't meet with us. O'cares tax increase did not HIT me.
What did hit me was the deregulatiin of the banking industry, which led to the firing of staff around me, and fear of my firing and
Greatly uncreased work load that vontinues today.  What hits me is the pollution of skies and rivers caused by draw down of EPA regs.
What will hit me is the inhumanity of millions losing healthcare in order to give the wealthy a huge tax break. And what will also not hiit
me is any financial benefit from the AHCA. It's not made for the middle class. 
It is designed to fail.
How's your HC stock portfolio?
https://twitter.com/sentoomey/status/884504848665907200 … MYTH: Toomey represents PA. FACT: Toomey won't meet with PA people.  #coward
Obamacare’s numerous tax hikes made health care costlier and directly hit middle class families. http://bit.ly/2ubkKfR  #MythVsFact 
https://twitter.com/sentoomey/status/884504848665907200 … What is the source of these "facts?" The only facts are you won't meet with people of PA & don't represent them!
Obamacare’s numerous tax hikes made health care costlier and directly hit middle class families. http://bit.ly/2ubkKfR  #MythVsFact 
https://twitter.com/sentoomey/status/884504848665907200 …. Funny how there is no attribution for this. I too can make up crap. You are a coward not to meet with people of PA!
Obamacare’s numerous tax hikes made health care costlier and directly hit middle class families. http://bit.ly/2ubkKfR  #MythVsFact 
Fact: Sen Toomey has spent more time w/bees than constituents.
Myth: the bees enjoyed it
You say middle class but you rarely if ever meet with or spend a great deal of time with us. And if you missed it, we've been asking.
You, sir are vile
