Please hold a town hall this month. We would like to talk to you.
so when will we see you there
Im not sure why you are telling us this.  You won't be available anyway. Did you know you wouldn't care when you took your oath?
Will this allow our Senator to better communicate with constituents though forums and town halls? I haven't seen you lately?
What difference does it make? You could maintain the same level interaction w/ your constituents if your office was on the moon.
Did the PACs that got you elected foot the bill for the new digs? Townhall anytime in our future?
Please post the times, dates, and locations of your PA townhalls. Your constituents want to meet with you.
will you be holding a town hall there?

It probably has locks to keep constituents out, security.  http://dirtyenergymoney.com/view.php?searchvalue=Toomey%2C+Pat&com=&can=N00001489&zip=&search=1&type=search#view=connections …  Might check your in box. #OurRevolution
Hiding?
Why are you moving? I liked having your office so nearby in case I wanted to drop in and talk to someone about policy. Lolololol!
we are so happy 2 keep seeing u at ur office every Tuesday for @TuesdaysToomey. U can't keep us away. Do ur job, town hall now!
i hear theres office space in Trump towers too... youre sure to see as many constituents there as you do now. #stophiding
While you're moving office, could you also find time to meet with your constituents?  Tele-town hall doesn't count. 
Where is your Allentown office moving to ?? MOSCOW????
hey another place you can avoid!
the better to hide from the people u work for.Sad!
Why do we care? You are never in your office to meet with constituents.
why won't you speak to your constituents Senator? Afraid of the people. You work for us so start listening to us
why don't you move your office into the federal building
Your employers would like you to set up town halls so we can discuss your performance review. Please set them up now.
Better hideout?
So now you're having constituents arrested who only want to meet with you?Such a snowflake!
Will you ever be there to speak to constituents?
Think November 2022.  I hope you lease doesn't extend past this date.  If it does, you can offer your replacement a good deal
why move? Also, what is the cost of the move and the difference in rent?
can you empty that voicemail too, I need to leave you a message since no one answers
thanks for telling us. Now there is a new place your constituents will never see the inside of. #TuesdayswithToomey  #TownHall
of course you still won't meet with your constituents in town hall meetings.
how about a real Town Meeting in Philly.
But will you answer the phones?
That's great. You can ignore your constituents from a new location.
Thanks so much for letting us know. When will you be meeting with your constituents there? And in your new office in Phila?
In case *you* missed it, you owe us a real townhall. Stop having your constituents arrested.
will you be holding ANY town hall meetings????
@TuesdaysToomey Great! We'll see you there!! Next Tuesday! #TuesdayswithToomey #TownHall
Who is paying for that?
who cares!! You are an embarrassment.
Why does it matter? You don't listen to us anyway!
News: ToolTime Toomey moving! Who Cares. Your History, Very Soon. Get your free money while you can.
Great, can't wait to talk to you there. We NEED an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW! We want our democracy back.
another office you'll never show your face in. When are you going to grow balls and have a town meeting??????????????????????????
make Pennsylvanians proud by standing up to corruption and putting country over party.
Honestly, nobody cares about your new office. Try doing your job, which you will only have for the next five years. Pathetic!!!
So like the Philadelphia office, it must have a better place to hide from your constituents. Coward.
who cares. It serves no purpose anyway!
hope u will be there to meet constituents today.
Will you hire more people to answer the phones? When will you hold townhalls and meet with your constituents? #DoYourJob
A new location for you to not be?
Will this move be a catalyst for a Town Hall Meeting? We want to talk about Hate Crimes in cemeteries. #TuesdayswithToomey
And when will you hold town halls at this new location? This (unpaid) Philadelphia constituent wants to know.
and will your phones work?
please don't turn a blind eye to what u know is reality. Even if u don't like who's reporting it doesn't make it less factual
great! a much shorter walk to come see you on tuesdays!
moving into a gvt bldg where const won't be able to get in unless they have a govt issued ID #coward
hey Pat, where ya been? You're MIA! I'm a constituent and I would like to attend a townhall in person! Do your job!
So you can ignore your constituents in a more centralized location? #DoYourJob #IndependentInvestigation #Impeach
will the mailbox be bigger for most post cards?
will it have more accessible hours?
. Funny joke.
does it have more reliable phone lines?
is it a bigger location to make a townhall happen?
I think it's fair to say we no longer care where your offices, or you, are at  this point.  You no longer work for us.
right, it's not like he will talk to us anyway. Hope you enjoy that offce Senator, it's not like you will ever come out
Can we assume there's a voicemail upgrade? When, specifically, will you meet with constituents across the Commonwealth?
@gop and 1% over Country. Find some courage in that new office to work for the people, not your pockets.
if he was going to do that, he would have already. He's a coward, no courage there.
You are a major disappointment in your avoidance of your constituents and your backing of Trump where you knew we opposed it.
Please investigate our CORRUPT President. The Russians are holding us hostage. #ImpeachTrump
why, is it deeper in the building with less windows so you can make SURE your constituents cant find you?
I believe he's taking a bigger office b/c his rank in the Senate has improved. Most likely it's a nicer office.
will you ever be there?
no
Maybe you can get your answering system up and working.
I'm very disappointed in your clear rubber stamp attitude towards this dangerous president. You have shown no principles.
How many of the phone lines will work?
