People are seeing through all this baloney, and understand that the bottom line is these low cost plans are not panaceas - they will cause
many to end up bankrupted by unexpected medical bills.  Yes, they have the right to buy some plan that's cheap but not hospitalization cvg,
Is that fair to people who don't understand and just see $$. $45 billion for opioid treatment = barely $900 million per state.  Time period?
And what about the CBO rating on this - your latest and greatest?  How many more will lose coverage?
How is it that he can call a town hall meeting behind  a TV . Why won't he listen to us. He has written to me all on how he feels we're done
It's very frustrating - i am sure he realizes that his constituents feel abandoned, and he must not care...we're not his big donors, i guess
Honeybee, we are not his donors, we are his BOSS. We didn't pay to put him in office, we VOTED him in.  #EAEWO &'s Wide Open.
That's what I said...
Today Pat Toomey tried to take health care from the poor to give tax breaks to the rich. So basically, today is just another normal day.
Town Hall haha U need an audience . He hides unless he's running for office EVERY ONE REMEMBER THIS SO WE CAN TAKE HIM OUT OF OFFICE!!
Keep the Medicaid expansion for poor children and adults in PA
Stop defending this! Shame on you! People will not get the coverage they need.
You said it! SHAME ON HIM.
The "emperor" has no clothes! Senator, please discard the silly talking points and concern yourself with your constituents' well being!
Here's a thought.  Why don't you invite some of these governors to a hearing and discuss the bill.
NEW: How did governors react to the Trump Admin's full Trumpcare sales job this weekend?

Not one governor convinced. 
A NO vote is on order.  Your constitutes do not want TRUMPCARE. Propose review and revise in. Operation with dems...repair your image!
If you are "disappointed" in the draft, #VoteNO on #Trumpcare. It won't magically fix itself by passing it!
1) Hey Senator-will you drop your taxpayer funded coverage and sign up for coverage under the #BetterCare bill? C'mon now. Promise you will
2) No? So you deserve better coverage then your constituents? Good enuff for them but not me?  Think about that while you stump for re-elect
Cutting Medicaid will cut healthcare for underemployed Americans
individual rates can NEVER be lower than group rates-health care has gone up every year- we all need to be in the same group -ALL AMERICANS
@SenToomey Please vote NO to the BRCA. It's not better, it is far worse than ACA.
Sorry, BCRA.
speaking of failures... your own party can't get the votes to pass this awful bill! How bad is it?!
This plan is a train wreck and will hurt your constituents.  Vote NO.
If you can't trust America to read it, debate it and discuss it with you, it's not a good bill.
@SenatorCollins: Still deep cuts to Medicaid in Senate bill. Will vote no on MTP. Ready to work w/ GOP & Dem colleagues to fix flaws in ACA.
That's what real leadership looks like, Pat. A willingness to take tough stances and do what's right for the people. People before party.
Concerned about #healthcare bill because I have chronic pain. Please make sure avg. americans aren't denied. #IAmAPreexistingCondition in PA
Adding 23 million to having helath care is not a failure - especially for the poor who never had it before - put ind and group ins together
If the first draft was so great why are you supporting all these changes.  Drafted in secret and rushed to approval with no hearings.  Shame
Why do you support this terrible bill?
Important new finding: if @SenateGOP health scheme passes, 177 million Americans will pay more for insurance. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/17/how-the-republican-health-care-bill-could-raise-premiums-for-177-million-americans/ …
#Deathcare say what it is... a tax cut for the donor class. As a 17yr insurance agent I see right through your lies. Voters will as well.
The only reason Obamacare will fail is because of GOP efforts to undermine it.
oh, you are welcome for your amazing healthcare, that I am FORCED to pay for.
Quote from Toomey-"It forces people to buy overpriced health plans they do not want". Well, I am forced to pay for your healthcare too.
Read my statement,-> #wealthcare  ur not fooling anyone. How about you take it if it is so good?
Follow McCain's lead with bipartisan bill that keeps Medicare expansion & keeps taxes to pay for affordable healthcare for PA
and I am forced to pay for all the ER visits for those who don't have healthcare.  don't hear you complaining about that
Do you have plans to meet with actual constituents? Like real live ones, not donors?
Nope.
Would repealing be best now and then writing a new bi-partisan bill later be better?
Blindly following your party will only lead to the end of your senatorial career. Think for yourself.  This is NOT good legislation.

" HORRIBLE " you REBUBLICANS should be FORCED to take whatever the AMERICAN people get stuck with instead of the " CADILLAC PLAN " WE pay
it's still terrible and I'm glad there were too many Republican defectors to advance this harmful bill
It's a wealth care bill and you are evil. I am a PA constituent 15223
See states healthcare insurance loss http://www.urban.org/sites/default/files/bcrarevision0714_0.pdf …
@SenWarren @LaurenHartMusic Seriously, this is what u came up with! Here is a novel idea why not reach across the aisle & ask for help.
@SenToomey New health bill? Booooo! Weak. People before http://party.You  guys are all embarrassing yourselves and us. #cancersurvivor
I want the exact same Health Care coverage that Congress has OR give Congress the same exact Health Care they are forcing on us.
I know you don't care about the people of PA. But what about your own personal family and their legacy??
Please don't take my healthcare away. I'm 62 and retired w/out grp healthcare. I've got asthma and will be put into high risk pool. Vote no!
It's a tax cut for the Trump's
You're on notice Pat. Your colleague @SenatorCollins has laid out the truth.
Sen. Collins: Health care bill would “jeopardize the very existence of our rural hospitals and our nursing homes” http://abcn.ws/2t7WarS  
Should be called death care with a side of tax breaks to he rich and a big slap in women's faces!
Sad day, when the insurance companies care more for peoples' well-being, than those elected to serve us.

How much arm twisting/deals justifies the certain death of my brother? Or anyone depending on Medicaid. Let's call it what it is...murder.
Your ignorance lack of concern 4 ur constituents is transparent by your support of this horrible bill There but for the grace of god go you
You and your bill are already a failure! This will destroy so many lives - but you and the rest don't care! SHAME!
This bill is a disaster, crafted in secret, without a CBO score. It will lead to the deaths of your constituents. Shame on you.
Vote NO Senator Toomey!!!! The ACA is not a failure it needs improvements!!!
Now that you have had time to read, ready to defend at finance committee hearings, are going to vote with no input from @SenBobCasey?
We all ready know you will vote with no input from @GovernorTomWolf or any constituents since you won't hold a town hall, or give any.....
..interviews where you need to answer tough questions.  Please explain how this improves ACA! And explain who gets the taxcuts!!
Nothing  about #BetterCare is better. Do you ever even consider listening to what your constituents want?
#savemedicaid #donoharm #voteno
I realize that you won't because after all you're working to replace it. Why the rush. I know Trump wants it
If you truly welcome the opinions of your constituents then you will listen to those of us who urge you to vote against this bill
This bill will double uninsured Pennsylvanians---1.2 million without health care! How can you support something that will hurt so many?
On behalf of your constituents we are asking you to vote country over party and vote no on this bill. This will harm many.
What about the 20 million who will lose coverage according to the CBO!? #bereal
Your bill will kill people and give their money to the rich.
You are effectively killing your state's most vulnerable population. Your arguments are narrow snd one-sided. PA disagrees with you.
Please say no to this bill and listen to the people that voted you into office! You haven't done so yet!
U can keep revising and change name of #BetterCare #AHCA
It's still a tax cut for rich and disenfranchisement of most vulnerable
#FIXACA
new Heath care would strip my little brother of coverage and he wouldnt be able to get the Kidney trans. that he needs bc it's preexisting!
It is inhumane, and anyone who votes for it is heartless, cruel and stupid.

A tweetstorm, just for you, @SenToomey ...a little more than 21 years ago, my wife and I attended our first childbirth class
The @SenateGOP #BCRA bill exempts @SenToomey and puts a $6,000 deductible on a person making $12,000
You are a political hack only interested in representing the Koch brothers, no care for the people that voted for you. @mcall @phillydotcom
You are upset that the rich aren't getting a big enough tax cut, but it's ok that 15 mil will lose coverage & others will go bankrupt?
A more misnamed bill never there was....
Your big takeaway was disappointment that you lost tax cuts for rich people? Your priorities are fucked.
You care nothing about people's health You only care about lining your own pockets by giving yourself a tax break - You are a sham
There is at least another week now.  When will you be having public discussion with @SenBobCasey about the pros and cons of this bill?
82% of PA voters do not want @SenToomey to agree to the #BCRA. Toomey is NOT representing #PAVoters. @TuesdaysToomey @PADems
Toomey received more than $354,000 from lobbyists. They pay him more! Only gets 174,00 from us. Follow the money!
Well he obviously doesn't need our money, let's spend it somewhere that makes a difference.
There is no "imminent collapse" in ACA. Stop lying. If you're "disappointed" richest 1% have to keep paying small xtra tax, you are pathetic
Do any of these failures include your political career, or your systemic failure to Pennsylvania's middle class? You are a horrible liar.
The only people getting #BetterCare are you and your cronies. #NoTrumpCare
As a constituent, pls explain to me how my familly member who has a pre-ex condition will be better off?
@SenToomey funny how you never hear the GOP refer to the fact they gutted the 3R's programs which guaranteed ACA's failure.
Liar...it's a killer
please don't take away the health care that saved my friends parents.
Have you removed the congressional exemption from the bill you will b voting on?
If your not happy w/bill then vote against it & ask for full repeal only! Have some courage & conviction Otherwise get your resume together
You guys NEED to pass this Bill! People cannot afford Obama care nor can the Country! If you don't pass this we will be stuck w/Obama care!
Thanks for wanting to send my mom to an early grave.
ALL of your constituents, or just the ones you hand-pick like the last "town hall" you had?
I am your constituent from Lanc Co. Please pull your support for this harmful bill. It's dangerous & immoral. Don't ignore us.
#CowardToomey  I urge you to watch Grisham's "Rainmaker" -- it'll remind you WHY your constituents will DIE under #Trumpcare .  $$$ Vs Lives
If this plan is so great, why are you exempt? Why do you think you deserve better access to quality health care than the rest of us?
When would be a good time for us to chat about this, Senator?
VOTE NO! Take the time needed to make it right. Prove that you're the good man you claimed to be. History will judge you unkindly.So will I.
How exactly is this revision fiscally responsible?
Vote no on this terrible bill.
Top insurer groups blast Cruz amendment to GOP ObamaCare repeal bill in rare letter http://hill.cm/kZp762D  
I don't understand how you sleep at night. You are supposed to represent the people and all you represent are the profits of donors.
You had a bad bill which McConnell has now made worse in order to pander to the Cruz wing. Will you stop at nothing?
Luckily for you and your family, you have guaranteed health care.  Don't all Pennsylvania families deserve the same?
There is nothing better about this plan! You are a horrible state senator and I only hope you feel the pain of the millions you hurt! #worse
Only universal healthcare for all will be acceptable
If you have a brain&Conscience you will vote NO on http://BILL.Talk  to Pharmaceutical http://Co.Ins.Co.Repair  ACA
From your recent votes.  Enjoy your last term  Pennsylvania see you don't have us in your best interest.  Spineless  - MAN UP!
Grow a pair and vote NO to this disaster. For the first time give a shit for the people you represent instead of your own pocket. Man Up!

Is Medicaid the primary culprit behind the deficit? We found @PatToomey is playing parlor games with budget figures. http://bit.ly/2sRfc5R  
my family has #celiacdisease already higher food &medical costs.  Don't allow insurance companies to make them even higher
Toomey's been quiet.... Him and his buddies are at it again. We can kill the bill if we keep it  up. Call Toomey now 202-224-4254!
Even the insurance companies are weighing in on the GOP's Health Care plan. Are you arrogantly moving forward to screw your constituents?
and seriously ur disappointed no tax breaks for wealthy - but are okay with no protection for Pre-exist & destroying medicaid Disgusting.
3. The market was stabilizing. It's the GOP causing uncertainty that is straining it #selfulfillingprophecy
2. Just because you aren't giving tax breaks from the rich doesn't mean we are okay with ripping HC for millions esp those on medicaid
1. seriously.. STOP. EVERYONE accept the Senate KNOWS this bill is shit.  NO protections for people w/pre-existing conditions
McConnell is catering to individual states. So wrong. Healthcare should be a equal right for all. Work with DEMS
You didn't mention the part about how you are going to exempt yourself from new law...total frauds! Typical!
We do not wan Americans to loose coverage. Enough said
Yeah it's great pat keep up the great work of protecting....the insurance companies 
What echo chamber do you live in?  Governors all oppose it.  Health institutions oppose it. Constituents oppose it. You will be voted out

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Bull ppl don't want it
You represent ALL of us. Stop doing TO us and start doing FOR us. You've done NOTHING for PA. Now would be a good time to change that! 2/2
It's #NOTBetterCare & you know it. Stop blathering about Medicaid - give us healthcare - listen to US - not your party. You represent ME 1/2
How can you improve upon PERFECTION???  I mean, seriously, are there any more tax cuts for the 1% even left?
Still the #Bitter #Revenge #towards #Citizens Act
Even insurance companies are against this.
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
So looking forward to you losing your job
I C Repubs exempted themselves from HC bill Interesting Bastille Day guess its let us voters "eat cake" person that said removed from office
It's just crazythat U think that the ppl who employ U believe that this is a good plan VETS CHLDRN ELDERLY DISABLED PREEX over 50 WILLSUFFER
Is it true that lobbyists will donate $1 for every person you take insurance away from? Or was it $5? #BetterCare for you, not me.
Support your constituents....#VoteNo
As a constituent I am deeply disappointed that you represent PA. This bill is nothing but a tax break for the wealthy.
#voteNO From 17320 Fix Obamacare Trumpcare so much worse People deserve better #NotBetter
I understand your why you have this position now, YOUR DONORS MATTER! Not your constituency! #Disgraceful #NoTrumpCare
Why are you doing this? Who specifically do you want to benefit? No #TrumpCare #ToomeyCare
Still deep cuts to Medicaid in Senate bill. Will vote no on MTP. Ready to work w/ GOP & Dem colleagues to fix flaws in ACA.
ACA was 1st step to give more http://coverage.How  can u say this #BetterCare bill will do the same?Who is it better for?
Just like the last bill, a real stinker.
You are seriously the worst ever.
You are putting money for people.
You were put in position to represent Pennsylvanians. Do your job!

20+M Americans. What ever happened to taking care of your neighbors?? American VALUE??? Don't kick them to the curb!! NO ONE LEFT BEHIND!!
its a disgrace how you are all afraid to stand up for us. You can always fix my health care later, fixing the White House!
i am so tired of hearing Obama this,Obama that-you work for me and thousands of others. Why don't you fix the shit Trump did in 6 months -1
You disgust me. When people start dying as a result of the plan, YOU explain to their families why it was fiscally necessary that they died
We get it: tax breaks for your big donors is your primary concern, even if it kills and bankrupts PAans. Couldn't make that more clear.
1/ I pay a $3000 per month premium for a high deductible plan.
2/ Yep. $3000 per month for a family of 5 with minor, though some, pre-existing conditions.
4/ You are taking away Medicare and Medicaid and not providing any relief for very small business owners like me.
5/ You aren't providing relief for anybody except your rich buddies.  Obama care needs to be fixed and corrected.  But this is a travesty.
6/ Shame on you, and, even more shame if you don't feel shame.  If you are actually willing to try, this can work so that people are insured
7/ But clearly you don't care.  I hope you get all that you deserve for supporting this abomination of a bill.  End
You guys need to remind @SenateMajLdr  "Root and Branch" or start looking for new jobs. We don't have to vote you out, we just won't show up
Would you want this as your health coverage? If your answer is no, then vote NO! Care about the people who elected you.
I've written the Sen 3 times with specific concerns; I've received 3 identical form emails in reply. Sen. Toomey doesn't hear other's ideas.
Why don't the changes apply to your healthcare Mr Senator? Did you forget to tell all us PA'ians that? Now would be a good time.
the core of the bill hasn’t been changed. People on Medicaid still losing. #Voteno!!! Do Repubs even have a heart?! SMDH
Today, the Senate unveiled an updated draft of our #BetterCare bill, which aims to address Obamacare’s failures. Read my statement: 
No Planned Parenthood...more addicted babies.  Better double that $45B for NICU care.
What's wrong with a bipartisan bill?  Hopefully  you have  more in common with moderate democrats than the nuts on the extreme far right.
Found this and had to share. This is so you! #SpinelessCoward!
Vote NO on the GOP Deathbill!  10956
You are a traitor.
Yea remember when Reagan did this ? How are you any different in destroying btue middle class /?

I'm as serious as a heart attack, I will support anyone against you with my time and finances. Country over party, Mr Toomey. Constituents.
You statement says it's less than perfect but you support it. If you support this horrendous bill, I'll support ANYONE against you in 2018
Rs need a "YOUBetterCare" bill!  No more of this crap pretending to be a health care bill! VOTE NO!!!
WE want  to READ it BEFORE VOTE ON IT and  be able to TELL YOU HOW TO VOTE since you represent US Burned out  shell  PA  Voter
I'm a small business ownerw/employees. We pay for healthcare for all. WE CAN'T AFFORD YOU'RE MAGICAL PLAN.
Your vote should be NO unless and until you have been provided ALL valid & pertinent details, incl. those for #CruzAmendment. #CBOScore
'Simply Unworkable': Insurers Blast New Provision In Senate Health Bill
The only thing that will fix Obamacare is #UniversalHealthCare
u have abandoned PA voters for a national base and ur donors but that isn't who pays ur salary & gives u ur authority. #Toomeytownhall #2022
We all noticed that you have written yourselves an exemption. We voted for REPEAL. Gov. out of  insurance business you can't run the VA well
I am opposed to anything that blocks funding to Planned Parenthood, which prevents thousands of unintended pregnancies!  #IStandWithPP
BRCA doesn't fix the problem: hugely expensive medical care! $$ drugs & med equip, exec compensation, unnec trt, billing probs must be fixed
Vote no.
DO NOT appeal ACA unless of course you wish to lose your seat, Senator.
What is the solution for seniors who will eventually lose their Medicaid coverage?
So my rich Senator says he upset that Obama Care taxes weren't taken out of this bill. So basically let's not tax the rich he's saying.
Even #45 can't keep his lies straight 
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/14/trump-just-tweeted-perfect-freudian-slip-obamacare-repeal-bill/ …
If it's so great, YOU take it!

