Vote No!
He is my Senator and unfortunately he is a hard yes.  His staff don't answer the phone anymore
They answer if you redial enough times. They just lie incessantly.
And they are rude, when you can even get them on the line.
They become rude and combative when you press for hard answers, or challenge the Senator's loose facts and proposals.
Qualifies that states to pay higher share of Medicaid to avoid losses of coverage. Has PT seen the PA budget lately? Lead balloon salesman
It's not a "characterization" it's what you are doing. Repub lies are equally as heinous as their agenda.
Read the damn bill!
The bill is a monstrosity.It raids Medicaid for tax cuts,kicks millions off healthcare,costs more for less coverage. You read the damn bill!
Vote NO on the health care bill. Deaths of Americans could be on your hands.
I don't see one message here buying your lies!  Your destiny is set.
You didn't read what you wrote? 7 years. It ends
Making Medicaid a 'block grant' is slashing it over time. And you know it, yet you defend this tax cut for millionaires & billionaires. Ick.
#FullRepeal
He learns to lie  from Trump
You're lying. They talked about that today.
I strongly disagree with the characterization of YOU as a SENATOR #TuesdayswithToomey #realPA
So it continues on chewing gum after $800B is cut?
Oh really?  I have to strongly disagree with your pathetic attempt to call a sh#t sandwich a bowl of cherries.  Please stop lying.
Your bs is piled so high you need wings to stay above it
Liar
Who in Pa elected him were you a sleep Omg he is a disgrace
I have read the whole thing. I didn't have a staffer or lobbyist read it for me. You're either lying or extremely dumb.
Although you should know that this charmer WROTE this bill & wishes it hurt MORE people. He only cares about $$ from Koch bros, Betsy&Pharma
Phukin lier
You are doing a terrible job representing your constiuents in PA.  #VoteNoBCRA
Wow. Sen. Toomey seems to be having a hard time getting the lies out of his mouth? Struggling with his conscience?
This has been proven to be a lie. He is being partisan and that's a shame. The GOP has a bad reputation now and they put donors first.
Lock up those that don't agree with you !!?
I have not seen one reply on here supporting you and your lies.  Your destiny is set.
I see you're another Repub liar! This is a tax cut for billionaires, not a healthcare bill. You steal from Medicaid, then lie about it.
You're right. You aren't ending Medicaid expansion. You are ending Medicaid. Shameful.
You can not take out 880 billion  and not have it hurt people! the ENTIRE reason u r doing this?  So U, others like u get 3.8  tax cut.
Liar!
I strongly disagree that I'm short, but I still am
This is just a lie. You can't remove hundreds of billions of dollars from Medicaid & say you're strengthening it. 22 mil will lose coverage.
@SenToomey As a PA voter I urge you to not vote for the Senate Health Care Bill. At the least, allow open debate.
You sir, are not truthful!! You hide from the truth and your employers, we the taxpayers.
It's not a characterization.  It's a fact page by page.  But the Tanning Tax Credit.
This is one of the least popular , most hated senators in our country for good reason.
Ur a compulsive liar w/"dubious" comprehension of the word"representative"-u play semantics games while threatening my autistic kid's future
Stop lying to the people of PA!
You Lie!!
Please advise Pennsylvanians how taking $$ out of Medicaid will expand it. Neither PA nor physicians will pick up the tab to help the rich.
You've never been a decent or honest Senator.
CBO score says 15 million fewer people will be covered by Medicaid in 2026. That's not an expansion. That's a cut! Vote NO! KPK  in 19081
You are not prolife. You are literally killing thousands of people to save bucks and give the rich a tax break. You should be ashamed
You are lying and neither the people of Pennsylvania nor those of the United States are having it. #KillTheBill - not your fellow citizens!

Weird. Because you want to dramatically decrease spending by 2024. Kicking the can an extra 10 years down the road doesnt blind smart ppl🖒
Why were we dumb enough to re elect this ass
Toomey's claim is demonstrably false. Toomey isn't dumb, so I suppose he's just a brazen liar?
Toomey, can you describe what page 39 line 24 through page 40 line 6?  That looks to me like medicaid expansion is going down.
Me: I lost my scholarship, how will I pay for school?
Toomey: you retained your financial aid status
Me: but there's no  
Toomey: and?
Please stop lying to us @SenToomey. Love, your #PAConstituents.
Liar.
The numbers say you're lying. And not convincingly.
Pushing the worst parts of it 7 yrs into future to make themselves feel  better right now.  Creating their own "safe space" #MedicareForAll
Apparently Toomey isn't lying is this clip because "he doesn't believe he's lying". That's what someone who answered the phone told me.
Vote NO
The American public is not stupid. We know what you are trying to do. You want to murder vulnerable people to give rich people tax cuts.
Slowing the rate while medical inflation rises and more people are enrolled equals per person cuts-WHY LIE LIKE A COWARD?
You lie!
@SenToomey We watch you tell lies on TV. Why won't you lie to us in person?Haven't the fortitude? Sneaking = you're doing the wrong thing.
Hey Toomey, how can you lie so blatantly and still look at yourself in the mirror?
Pat you got the golden ratio now you have to vote no on the bill
This is a blatant lie! Not all of your PA constituents are clueless, just the ones that vote for you
STOP LYING to your constituents! You deserve to lose your next election, PA deserves way better.
You're a liar.
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/879059303033970689 …
Shame on you. This is not democracy. This is not the job your constituents have asked you to do. You're a lying fraud.
Stop lying. Your governor told you PA doesn't have the $. Mike Turzai /Jake Korman dismantled PA 's ability to deliver services. VOTE NO
Based on your logic, I stop paying for my car insurance but say it is still in effect and I could use it!  Trump's craziness is contagious
@SenToomey just revealed himself as a blatant liar and he thinks he can get away with it. Don't let him.
@SenToomey Toomey are you just lying or don't know anything about the bill?  I would say lying.
Rooney you are lying. It DOES through people off of Medicaid. Bottom line it does.
Toomey is flat-out lying about contents of the Bill to stave off massive public criticism. @USCCB @FaceTheNation @SenToomey @CBSNews
5 1/2 years to Toomey's next election means he's safe to say anything. Taking from poor to give to rich Republican donors is no problem.
You are lying, this bill is all about taxes and making the rich richer and the poor poorer, you should not vote for this bill.
Kill Americans. A Vote for Tomey is a vote to kill Americans! Read a real Newspaper NYT "Trumps Lies" Tomey is kissing the ring!Call him now
But No
Really Toomey?  Lying straight faced to your constituents?
Yes, you are reducing Medicaid dramatically in next few years. Who can afford to quit job to take care of elderly parent? You'll make us.
If @sentoomey believed in this bill he wouldn't have to lie about it. Cutting Medicare is not a characterization; it's if the bill. Own it.
@SenToomey You are a liar
Trump sure has taught you how to lie shamelessly.
Vote for this horrible bill and you will be voted out of office. Repeal and Replace Toomey
We the people of Pennsylvania demand that you represent us not your corporate handlers! Vote NO on this wealthcare tax giveaway to he rich!
You lie!
So, you go on 2-#FaceTheNation to promote the "1st step" of your next cash cow - a chain of "Tomb-E's Funeral Services"? = #Deplorable !!
Toomey realizes what the healthcare bill does 2 the poor & disabled but doesn't care. Tax cuts 4 the wealthy r more important 2 Republicans
You're a shameless liar, Sen. Toomey.
This is amazing. What happens in the 7 years. Unreal. This is such BS.
Yeah, stop lying, Pat.
@SenToomey You outright lied and Trump supporters, who will be hurt the most,  believe you. Have you no shame?
The tax cuts kick in immediately. Medicaid will slowly be deleted so you don't notice it.
Looks like @SenToomey was literally choking on his lies. When CBO score comes out what will you say then senator? #embarressedofmysenator
How could you lie like this on TV? What kind of monster are you?
Part of The Regime. Lies....Lies...#resist #TheResistance
Lies!!
How does an estimated 14mil falling off Medicaid qualify as an "expansion"?
Please stop lying. We are not as stupid as your leadership thinks we are. We are watching. #blue wave coming
Answer your phones Senator. Casey does. You're gonna hear us one way or another.
How do you live with yourself ?
Your day of reckoning will come at the voting booth
We are not idiots.  We have paid our taxes into these programs and you are stealing from us.  DOJ  needs to investigate this blatant theft.
You're a liar.  You should be ashamed, but you're clearly not.  We won't forget.
We are not buying your lie.  You say "potatoe" I say "potato".  Call it what you want, but you have sold out. NO IS THE ONLY ACCEPTABLE VOTE
TELL THE TRUTH!
I cannot wait until we get to vote you out of office...i just wish you and those you love had to live with this healthcare as a result.
Ask @SenToomey how much he has taken form insurance companies & big pharma.  He's bought, sold, and covering his behind.
We're watching you @SenToomey
Toomey led the charge to cut Medicaid in the Senate TrumpCare bill. He knows exactly what he's doing here. He's lying. https://twitter.com/ddiamond/status/879000887171088385 …
You really want us all to know you're following in POTUS footsteps? Lie and mislead, repeat...
You are a liar Toomey.
So not only are you going to let people die, you're going to lie about it.
Changing to have states oversee a portion is problematic. To quote a state senator from Pa"some states suck"
You must really hate humans to be such a liar. Your children will be ashamed of you and history will remember your crimes.
GOP healthcare bill is a money-making scam for rich to profit and leave out disabled/seniors/women from access to health care. Vote NO.
Vote NO!  IF YOU DON'T YOU PROVE THAT YOU ARE ONLY A (R) PARTY CHECK-OFF AND YOU DO NOT CARE ABOUT PA OR Constituents. #voteNO
Liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar just admit you don't care about people!  Liar liar liar .......

Who opposes the Senate GOP's "healthcare" bill? It's a long list.

There are doctors, hospitals, patients, medical provid…

Hot off the press! The Senate Health Reform Bill Slashes #Medicaid Severely. See new PPI blog: http://bit.ly/2sz08fh  
You are one of the architects of this horrendous bill. This IS DEATH PANELS. I won't stop calling your office and emailing you.
Vote "NO". 19014
What are those Republicans smoking and drinking. Are they really that stupid. I guess the Trump supporters are the idiots.
Toomey is a bald faced liar. Shameful that he's so callous about people's healthcare.
On CBS, @SenToomey claims that GOP bill will “make permanent” the Medicaid expansion and “no one loses coverage.” 
Yo, Pat. I'm embarrassed to say that you are my senator.
Do you care at all about all of the messages so far? This is hurtful and not what you were sent to DC to do. Vote no.

We all watched you lie today. Your moral cowardice will cost innocent lives.  Also, fuck you.
Why are you lying to your constituents? Have you even read the bill or do you just not understand the consequences?
You seem confused about the bill, @SenToomey. Perhaps you should just vote no. This constituent implores you to do just that.
You're a liar. Guess the Koch and insurance lobbyist money is just too sweet to care about PA residents, huh?
You are lying and your kids are watching Toomey.
ROFLMAO...of course you're not ending it...you're just not FUNDING it...
The bill straight up and explicitly does the opposite of what you're saying.
Have you even read this bill?
.@SenToomey Either you subscribe to 'alternative facts' or you are frickin' clueless.  

That is no way to go through life....
@ SenToomey Looks like defending this bill is taking its toll... You look pretty stressed.... Is this what lying does to you?
READ THE BILL. Medicaid to be cut by $800 billion. Your constituents will die by the thousands.
Shame on you Toomey!!!  
You're a liar and soon to be murderer. Congrats!
You don't even have the decency to lie better? Of course you don't. This bill is unconscionable, and will devastate your contituents
All evidence to the contrary notwithstanding. #ToomeytheTool
Stop lying.
We are not falling for your lies Senator.  But we will remember your vote when we have to vote for senator again
Tell it to someone who believes your lies.  Even your own party members don't want this to pass. Vote no, vote for your people not the rich!
So, basically you're okay lying. Got it.
Toomey must go. Vote him out. #toomeytraitor #toomeysucks #toomeymustgo
Children and women will suffer unduly. I will work to defeat your in you next election. Joe Sestak should be our Senator!
Translation : AHCA would gut and cut Medicaid
You are a traitor to the people of PA and are now on a list to be voted out. You only care about your party not the people. #toomeyout
Liar.
Toomey, you are actually retweeting an interview which shows either a) you're lying or b) you're woefully ill informed.
Let's see what CBO says. States like NY and CA will likely have much more humanity than other states as @SenateGOP #TrumpCare marginalize us
You sir are WRONG.
You bring nothing but shame to our great Commonwealth. Please resign and move.
Playing word games cannot hide the fact that you all are tearing the rug out from under 90% of your constituents to funnel more $ to wealthy
How stupid do you think the majority is?
Just wow. Taking your cue from the liar in chief? You should be ashamed.
I can't wait to vote you out!!
You are out to lunch. Wake up...or lose your seat.
