Can I give a guess as to what you'll say, Sen Toomey?
Healthcare: don't be poor
Taxes: I didn't go to Florida with the Kochs for nothing
Tell Toomey: PA deserves Trumpcare hearings. 
DC: 202-224-4254
Allentown: 610-434-1444 
Harrisburg: 717-782-3951
Pittsburgh: 412-803-3501
Nothing Toomey & Mitch McConnell are doing is normal. If theyre so proud of Trumpcare, why not discuss at a hearing?
Republicans criticized the ACA process back in 2009. Let's compare, shall we? 
Really @SenToomey FOX FAKE NEWS? Grow a pair and come on #maddow #Madd Yes I am a PA constituent
COWARD who will not face his constituents.  Just like Trump, only talks to friendly crowds and doesn't want to hear from the rest of us.
Talk to your constituents instead! Bill you designed is disaster for  Pennsylvanians.  $ away from poor- disabled- elderly to wealthy. SHAME
How about in person, in PA, so your constituents can tell you how we feel about your tax cut (not a healthcare bill)
Says the author of the American Health Cut Atrocity #AHCA
Real quick: why do you hate poor people and women?
Here's the fact. U r on fake news
You need to answer your phones and voicemails. Your constituents do NOT want this bill to pass. I am one of them and this will be remembered
Man who sold his soul. Toomeycare.
@SenToomey staffer today on healthcare bill "We don't believe this bill would amplify premiums and deductibles"

I'd hate to have to live with your lack of heart and brainpower. Are you proud of sentencing people to die, senator? #shameontoomey
Using the same theme of new category from the 25th or using CBO info, which we paid for you to make a decision for PA citizens not GOP
Pat, Maria and Fox - doesn't get any more untrustworthy than that.  But it did give me a good laugh on this sad day for America.
Constituents get voicemail or unhappy people taking messages or the most popular voicemail is full message really sad
Politicians...tax cigarettes to discourage smoking, gasoline to discourage driving. They should realize taxing income discourages working?
I would, but I have a preexisting condition. Fox News makes me seriously ill. Republicans spitting lies on Fox News is potentially deadly!
Joke!
Diabetes is NOT COVERED under TrumpCare
AHCA - Wealthcare, not healthcare. Sad! @SenToomey @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump
How does it feel to be "pro life" but sentencing the needy, the poor, the children, to misery and death for a tax break to the wealthy?
Vote NO to This bill!
Taking the misquote "we have to pass the bill so you can see what's in it" to new heights, lyin' GOP style.
We DEMAND public hearings on this appalling healthcare bill. Then you can see the faces of those you are eliminating from receiving care
Read these responses on the air!
You r disgusting if u think that your health care bill is something to be proud of. You are essentially killing your constituents. #yamoron
Happening never: an in person townhall
How were the secret writing meetings? Probably pretty fun, eh? Lobster tail, red wine, and lots of laughs? Would be fun!
Well now we know why #wheresToomey is and why he won't face his constituents! Fox News, where the truth goes to die.
Commit to not supporting the bill! Commit to Pennsylvania! Commit to your people!
DARE YOU to pass this and then we can watch the final destruction of the GOP at the expense of all Americans.
Won't go on a reputable tv station, just some Faux news crap station.  Just another sleazy politician to add to the deplorable basket.
We are are behind you Sen. Toomey.  Remember people on the wrong side usually yell the loudest.
Have you no empathy?  Can you look your constituents in the eye and tell them you don't care if they die?  Maybe if they were rich though.
You are not pro life at all. You are anti women,  anti health
Heartless healthcare. Glad to know how little you actually value life, if maternity care isnt a mandate.
No thanks. I have had enough of your lies.
Coward. Host a town hall.
How about a fucking town hall so you can talk to us directly?!? It's only the billionth time we've asked.
How about talking to the 777,000 people you are taking healthcare away from ?
Maybe every Pennsylvanian should change their name to Fox Business so you'd talk to us in a town hall.
You sir are heartless.
Side by side :what you pay and your coverage to what minimum wage earner pays and their coverage under SECRET TRUMP CARE,
So you're going to talk about how the only people who like the #AHCA bill are your 1%-er campaign donors who'll get #taxes cut? @SenToomey
So @SenToomey, are you going to be getting yourself onto this awesome healthcare bill your party is putting forth? You disgust me.
Will you compare your current health insurance that is provided to you at our expense to what the average Joe will get under Trump care?
You were elected to serve the people of PA, not corporations. Remember that.
It's ok pat we know 
Being wealthy takes work. After all, you're working hard 110 days a year.
You mean your SECRET plan?  Great job to screw Pennsylvanians and now talk about it with pride.
Taxes .. oh you mean cutting the rug out from others. I think it's time to look at your FEC report. I smell a Russian connection
no true news station whatever invite you! Fox loves fake news and fake news makers!
GOP on taxes = Gifts to the rich.
I thought highly partisan, secretive, and rushed processes were the Achilles heel of Obamacare. Why are you supporting this rushed plan?
I would love to hear more about this at a town hall meeting.
Talking only on @FoxBusiness. How very Republican and cowardly of you. We know who you represent and it's NOT us. #boughtoff #rotinhell
Why ? You'll only say " I'll get back to you," or " I need to think about that."
SHAME SHAME SHAME  Toomey and Rs are MURDERERS
how about you stop stuntin for cameras and actually hold an in-person town hall with a few hundred of your constituents, Pat.
secret bills,no record "press briefings," blatant voter suppression &u & R's r getting away with it.
Why don't you start by talking to your constituents @SenToomey? Do you even remember we exist?
As a voting constituent I "hope" you will be announcing your opposition to this cruelty and intent to vote No.
Did you remember to lie? You're good at it.
Resign!!!
How about discuss it with your constituents? In person?
Taking healthcare from Pennsylvanians in the midst of an opioid crisis is the height of cruelty. #DeathCare
Nothing short of a massive transfer of wealth from the have-nots to the already-haves. You should be ashamed!
Why in the world are they talking to you?  Are they fresh out of gibberish?
Are you going to reveal details of the super secret "healthcare" tax cut?
Great, but how about some hearings?
Why not have a townhall, Toomey? What you are doing is cowardly.
And P.S. Maria Bartiromo is no prize either. What a peach she is.
I'll save you the trouble. Tax cuts for the richest & no healthcare for the rest of us. You are the worst sort of person. Just the worst.
So nice of you. You sure as hell won't meet with your constituents to discuss anything. Disgrace to PA. 2022 can't come soon enough
Oh. You have time FOR THIS!
What - you didn't know you would be appearing until 15 minutes ahead?  Why even tell us then?
I hope Toomey explains how he will protect Medicaid coverage for the 1.2 million PA children enrolled in Medicaid / CHIP #DontCapMyCare
My disabled adult son's life depends on Medicaid, Mr Toomey. Healthcare deserves careful consideration, not a rush to a fake finish line.
Don't you mean #lesshealthcareforpoorpeople and #lesstaxesforrichpeople?
Oh Pat if only you would have enough guts to listen to constituents on how they feel about tax breaks for wealthiest and ACHA debacle.
I guess it's true that the only sure things in life are death and #taxes, not in that order though, ain't that right, Senator? #AHCA
If you vote for this bill, I will NOT vote for you next election. No hearings, no debates, no input = No Vote.
Glad u can make time 4 TV appearances but have no time 4 face2face Town Halls. Your tax break for the wealthy is destroying healthcare.
Lifetime limits will kill my child. Before that we'll go bankrupt. I'm a pa constituent. Please reconsider.
Public hearings and face your constituents. Don't just hide in your safe space on Faux News. #ShowUsTheBill
Hey Pat, thanks for the update.  I'm sure that every American is standing by with the lubricant necessary to deal with this plan...
Sorry @SenToomey, I don't watch #fakenews
Go hide you lier we deserve better in PA
Respectfully, would you mind speaking to someone, ANYONE, who would like to discuss their concerns on this healthcare bill?  #AHCA
Happening soon: Toomey's unemployment. Better start thinking of something else to suck at.
Show us the bill. Consult some stakeholders and experts. You are a shameful "representative" by boxing your constituents out. #phoneytoomey
@SenToomey you fool no one, you represent you and your agenda, and a small group of old white men on power trips...not your constituents.
You should be EMBARRASSED to be a part of the process that created this bill.  It's a betrayal of your constituents.
Will you say you are releasing the draft for public review and reasonable time for debate, or are you sticking to the cram-it-thru mehod?
Two words, TOWN HALLS!!! When will you represent your constituents instead of your wealthy out of state donors!?!
Taxes-cut them for the 1%
Healthcare - toss people off and raise premiums
Did I get that right? See, no need to even watch.
Why are they even linked?
get out to your public and explain why you and the others were HIDING the health care plan you are proposing!
As a senator from PA and on the #healthcare  realignment, please, please work for PA constituents, not against us.
Hi @MariaBartiromo please give @SenToomey a map showing where Pennsylvania is. Maybe he will come see us one day?
Another forum where you can lie through your dishonest teeth about the healthcare bill. No thank you. #ShowUsTheBill #fraud
You’re going to attempt to explain how your secret healthcare bill is about to screw over all of us so you can give a tax break to the rich?
that is the look you will have when they catch up to all the graft and corruption you have caused.
I hate all three of you.
Will you explain that the AHCA is a tax cut for millionaires and not a healthcare bill?
Hopefully to say you don't support Trumpcare. Very bad for our country.
Support it?  He's part of the secret team WRITING the bill!
What can I say, I'm a dreamer...
mention that AHCA is and that you'll be voting no on it to protect Pennsylvania families
"I don't know what it looks like. But I love it."
When will @SenToomey be "joining" constituents "to discuss healthcare", taxes?
Toomey  better do the right thing forPennsylvania or he will never live it down we cannot hurt the suffering! Be a Christian
Or a radical Muslim, you get more benefits that way
@MariaBartiromo Hey Maria, ask Toomey why he NEVER has a Town Hall?  Oh ... it's because he doesn't represent us anymore ...
Perhaps Putin can ask
Comrade Pat is finally found!! - someone ask him why he won't do town halls????
Urban dictionary, Toomeyitus.    the inability to meet face to face.
You going to discuss how the GOP is doing the bill in secret? Or the tax breaks while 23M are kicked off healthcare? The 5x cost for elderly
Take the damn camera down to a health clinic IN PERSON, then try to sell us this package.
@MariaBartiromo Ask Toomey when he's EVER voted for his constituents. He continues to leave us high and dry ... he's pitiful.
#healthcare @MariaBartiromo Toomey is a shill for the old white men of the GOP.  He has no capacity to THINK for himself. Look at his record
Now we have a used car salesman trying to sell us something we can't even see!!!! Trust me he says!!!!!!!!!!!!
#healthcare Why don't you require EVERY senator and congressman to use what you vote into legislation? Maybe then we'd get a real HC plan!
Remember you work for ALL of PA! We will remember next time your up!
How about talking to your constituents instead, @SenToomey? Or do you only talk in your safe space with @MariaBartiromo and @FoxBusiness?
How about talking face to face with all the People that will go without healthcare because of YOU.
You would get better results talking to your wall street buddies.
Worst senator ever - you.
Watch me pull a health care plan out of this hat. Nothing up my sleeve...
Your #taxcut disguised as #healthcare will kill ppl in #RealPA. Talk 2 us @ ur #Philly office 2day.
Voting for this bill in spite of the people of Pennsylvania when collision is proven we are  coming for your seat
Like the last 5 elections
With something important as the health of all of us, STOP Hiding behind a closed door.
Please post a link to the interview for those who do not have cable television.
Once again, thanks for the last minute notice.
Want people to "tune in"? How about an in-person town hall, Senator? Surely you have time for your constituents.
Nice smile pat.  You look constipated.  Stealing from the working Americans taking its toll?
How about a town hall?
Get to work and pass the POTUS agenda!!
On Fox - so no hard embarrassing questions...? Coward, propaganda
Are you going to follow democratic process or do you no longer believe in democracy?
I guess @MariaBartiromo isn't a PA citizen. You never talk to those of us who voted for you anymore. #sad
think you could find some time to #ShowUsTheBill ?
Senator, if we all collected $ to pay your salary, would you meet with your Pa. constituents? Oh wait, we already do pay your way.
You and your staff lie about the rushed vote by July 4 recess.
Agreed
It's about time, have you been on vacation? How about being standing by your President, he is the reason republicans are 4 - 0 special elec.
you have less of a soul than you have a hairline
Are going to talk about gutting Medicaid that Pennsylvanians with disabilities rely on?
Stop trumpcare
Will you discuss how you're allowing @GOP to dismantle & steal our healthcare away? Who is buying your vote this time? #ProtectOurCare
Talk to us in person, to our faces, in a town hall.
We don't pay him enough for that apparently
I called Toomey's phone but it was too easy...we need to swamp his phone so there is overwhelming show of opposition.
