You seem scared of your constituents, but they are actually pretty nice people. You should meet them.
if my boss asked me to be at a meeting and i ducked out of it, I am pretty sure i would be fired.
come to a town hall meeting and see if it is the same! Save the ACA, social security and Medicare!
what did you discuss? Please communicate!
More information about the topics discussed is available on the TWT facebook page.
can you post the link?
found the link - great that @SenToomey is listening, but when will we hear his responses? https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1303288746383782&substory_index=0&id=1231918286854162 …
We will be outside his offices every Tuesday waiting...
There are so many more than six people who are interested in conversing with you. Why did you vote for Ross?
your constituents would like the same opportunity...in larger numbers, answer our questions, share your views w your employers!
Where is the recorded telephonic town hall on your facebook page?
how about some town hall meetings to speak with your constituents - all of them.
Are you kidding? When are you going have a town meeting in Scranton If you don't it shows you know you're wrong!
are you taking constituent meetings? Haven't seen you lately.
#cutandpastepruitt will be your mess also. You were part of the rush to confirm. #letstalk #townhall #cleanair #cleanwater
Nice and safe, right?  How about a town hall?
Toomey is afraid of real constituents
I find that hard to believe since you haven't done a single productive thing since being elected.
When are you coming to PHILADELPHIA??? You serve us too!!!

Patting yourself on the back for meeting with 5 people? What about the rest of us?  Have a town hall. #realPA
looking forward to attending your townhall meeting on 4/1. Tune-In Toomey March.
Thank you for meeting with some of your constituents, but there are many of us who need to be heard. Town hall!!!
What was discussed? Your MB is always full. Need town hall. PA is Purple state = compromise. Invest 45 ties 
Looking forward to a town hall meeting with you. When can we expect one?
guys is this real?????
toomey hides behind 6 friends he's hired for Tuesdays. #realpa sees you.
@SenBobCasey managed to show up.
#whereintheworldispattoomey?
@TuesToomeyHBG
surely you oppose the White House ban of certain news outlets?
We have a convention center in Philly.  Why not have a town hall here? 19079 #RealPa
Tonight at Methodist Church 55 N. Broad 5:30, not far from the convention center:)
Will Toomey be there?
I would be great if you're in the area or know anyone in town. I live in KofP, taking the train
I can make it. I'm bringing my 11 yr old daughter too.
super, she can see what democracy looks like! I also called his DC & Philly offices asking if he's supporting the gay bathroom law
She's been attending rallies and protests and sit ins with me for 4 years now.
I was totally wrong about it being for Toomey, but I kind of liked it. I hope if you went you liked it too. I got it form MoveOn
not good enough Pat. Face your constituents let us know With advance notice when you finally man up
looking forward to voting against you. We said NO to DeVos!!!!
TOWN HALL COWARD!
Toomey must have left the country Can, Mex, Rus? Time to elect a new senator that will rep his constituents
Would like you to vote "NO" on Neil Gorsuch, for Supreme Court Justice! Trump, mentally unfit & liar, NogoodPrez!
Time to grow a set and speak to us about the issues.  It's not your call to decide what's best for us.  We can do that on our own
another alternative fact.
When are you going to investigate Trump/Russia? Priebus for pressuring FBI? Do it now.
now meet with the rest of us. In public. #realPA
will you ever hold a Town Hall in Philly #DoYourJob
What about your constituents when will you be a man and have a real town meeting?
A real town hall please?
how bout a town hall where ppl show their ID so % of constituents is known... me disagreeing w/u != paid 2B there!
Meet with more than a few of your constituents.Why not have town halls? Very cowardly. #TuesdayswithToomey
where are you hiding Toomey? Answer your phone, meet your people, DO YOUR JOB!!!!
Town hall or staff meeting?
They talked to an empty suit in Allentown bc you didn't have the b*lls to show up.
That's great, could you please hold a town hall? 15217
So I hear you were spotted... we're getting closer.
Were u elected to rubber stamp Donald Trump?  U barely won.  I doubt you will next election.  Man up Sen Toomey!
Lack of health care will kill more than any mexican immigrant or terrorist.  Spend money WISELY!
I'm perplexed that gun ownership is a right but health care is a privilege.  Should be the other way around!
Shame on you, @SenToomey @TuesToomeyHBG Stop with photo ops. Take responsibility for your choices and answer ALL the voters of Pennsylvania
why don't you try and get a real educator as secretary of education.?
= #BurnedDownSenator #TinmanSenator
when is the Philadelphia area town hall...you can't keep ducking us forever
when are you coming to Pittsburgh? Would love to talk to you!
if I didn't do my job i would be fired, what makes you so special? I guess cuz you're not up for election!
so we can expect you to stop dodging us and hold a town hall meeting? I hope you reserve a big enough venue
hold a real town hall instead of taking a photo op!
can we get a townhall??
now for a town hall to meet your bosses!
We the people want to see Trumps tax returns!
That is a good START @SenToomey, next perhaps a live town hall? @TuesToomeyHBG
Was it as successful as your town hall meeting with constituents? Oh wait...
Time to meet your constituents face to face NOT a phone town hall mtg. This is cowardly!
you're a coward!  You think this is democracy?  Talk to your constits at large not assemble a pow wow
Good for you!  Now come to Sharon to meet with the PA Democratic Women!
How about Philly? 19070. We're waiting.
Exactly when and where will your next Town Hall meeting take place? Your constituents are eager to meet with you.
"Got my weekly tweet out. Whew!  Who knew being a senator was such hard work?  Time to go back to bed."  - Toomey
it will be a long & final 6 yrs if you refuse to face all of PA. Trump is toxic & u r holding hands w him. We see.
Not enough! We need a Town Hall! So disappointed in the phony phone town hall. We need a real interchange Senator
How about meeting with your constituents? #Cowards
nice, when the town hall?
When will a real town hall meeting be occurring in Pittsburgh with your constituents?
meet with your constituents in Philly, Allentown, Pittsburg, etc you coward! You've been hiding out for too long!
Proud of yourself for mtg w 6 people? Doesn't cut it when ur making decisions for 13 million people in PA.
PHILLY IS WAITING.  Stop avoiding us.   Worst senator EVER!
Please let us know what was discussed.
@lwrbucksindivis A step in the right direction!  Now please set up an IN PERSON Town Hall!
if it was so productive, then where is the schedule of town halls your constituents can attend, Senator?
How much bribe money will it take to get a Town hall meeting?
You know you have more than those 6 constituents, Right?
Can we get a picture of you holding a current newspaper?
it's a step in right direction, but not sufficient. Lots of us in Philly want a town hall to have a chance to talk w/ you
what about the rest of us town hall please.
Why don't you have a town hall meeting?
Looks like you're talking, not listening, Toomey.
don't worry if you're on ACA your Healthcare will go away for at least a year or two
you're an immoral liar who is enabling the mad man @realDonaldTrump.  The people of PA can see and hear you.
most likely this is a staff photo. You don't have the guts to meet with us in Philly
that doesn't exactly look like a town hall meeting, you need to hear from the people you are suppose to represent
why don't you have a chat with your constituents???
Remember. Trump represents not the majority. Think of that for your future success. #notmydespot
I support @PPact bc I get my iron tablets for anemia at a better rate than my pharmacy with my Aetna insurance.
But no town hall meetings, right? Afraid you'll hear from people who are not happy with our elected official ? BS.
so Senator, we're waiting for your Town Hall
I am a constituent and I would love to hear from you in a town hall
When are you having an in person townhall meeting in Allentown? Phone meetings don't cut it - cowardly!
Meeting with @TuesToomeyHBG is fine.  When will you hold a real townhall like your colleagues in the Senate?  #WeSeeYou
That's a lunch meeting w/ your staff. You can't shove Sessions, DeVos, Pruitt down our throats & not meet with us.
Agree with you on the second part. But come on, did you look at our twitter handle history? We are protestors.
Sorry not clear, I'm saying Toomey wasn't having a town hall meeting. He's afraid of the protesters, you're doing great!!!
Absolutely! This was no substitute for a much needed town hall (or two... or three...)
.@SenToomey @TuesToomeyHBG How about an actual town hall instead of bragging about hiding among 5 hand-picked people? 19083 #realPA
when are you going to have a town hall meeting in Pittsburgh? It is part of your job. You do know that right?
Looking for a townhall meeting Senator. Will you meet with real people from PA?
Try holding a townhall meeting with PA voters in Harrisburg? I bet they would be productive and well attended.
We want 45 investigated for his ties to Russia.
how about in NEPA? A phone town hall doesn't cut  it. See us, hear us. You want our votes, give us your time.
so chickenshit. Come on out and talk to us!
I'm waiting for my invite. Must have gotten lost in the mail...#realPA #ScienceNotSilence
how about a town hall? "Crickets" #doyourjob
COME ON PAT. You're BLATANTLY IGNORING US. The BS ISN'T FOOLING ANYONE. ANSWER YOUR GODDAM PHONE. YOU WORK FOR US.
when is your town hall meeting being planned with your constituents in Pittsburgh?  We are waiting.
The only reason you're in office because we, the constituents, voted for you. Well I didn't but… Time to listen.
well that seems so much more important than meeting with your constituents who held a town hall with an empty suit
Investigate Trump and Russia, Fuckstick!!!!
We told him we thought it was crucial that this happens.
Are you really looking forward to it?  Maybe try a town hall!
DO YOUR JOB
how about a real town hall for your real constituents?????
you mean you had a productive photo-op. That travesty of a town hall gives new@meaning to phrase "phoning it in"
doesn't look like that thousands of PA voters who have been protesting you actions
You can only hide for so long Senator. Face the people you represent like you're paid to do. We hired you remember
That doesn't look like constituents that want to meet and talk with you. I guess you don't care about reelection!
Coward!  Hold a real town hall!  Face your constituents.
when is your next Philadelphia town hall?
This is a start but not enough. You need to give all of #realPA a chance to meet with you. Town hall ASAP!
Quit hiding from the protesters you coward.
When are you going to have the guts to face us in Philadelphia?
Tremendous crowd! Yuge group. Bigly meeting.
maybe try meeting with your constituents? Why are you hiding?
Quite a crowd, Pat. Come to Philly in Tuesday.
Why are you afraid to have a townhall meeting?
Is it me or did @SenToomey 's people just link an account that trolls him? @TuesToomeyHBG ? http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/22/politics/congress-missing-town-halls-trnd/index.html …
We don't troll him, we hold him accountable to his constituents :)
meeting with 6 people you hand selected is inadequate
we want a town hall in Pittsburgh
My dad started chemo today. #Freedom is Medicare paying for his port/pump. Maybe you can talk to @SpeakerRyan?
TOWN HALL! TOWN HALL! TOWN HALL!
Hold a Town Hall Senator!
finally crawled out from under your rock to meet with your constituents! Too bad it was only 5.
I'm sorry, but meeting with 5 constituents is just laughably too too little. #timidpattoomey
I don't believe in God, but if I did I know he would damn you.
You have blood on your hands.  My nephew will now die because of you. And we will end up paying MORE not less
Arlen Spector would not do what you've done. You know it is the worst of all our fears.
The uninformed are excused.  You are not.  You know it is lies.  You know McConnell stopped  help for people
do you honestly call meeting with five of you constituents a productive meeting
History will judge you harshly.  You deserve it.
Wow I wouldn't count on re-election if I were you.  Can Senators be impeached?
we want a town hall in Montgomery county!
Are you still in hiding?
wow, so brave of you to meet with six "constituents". Man up and attend a town hall meeting. Good luck in 2021!
where and when are the town halls?
what was discussed
Our perspective on the meeting is shared on the TWT Facebook page.
Hey Sir- I guess you and 45* have something in Common- Cowardice-#GoldStarDad http://www.mcall.com/news/local/allentown/mc-pa-toomey-town-hall-in-absentia-20170221-story.html …
Wow- a No show -http://www.pennlive.com/news/2017/02/pa_town_hall_held_without_toom.html …
, w/ respect, what about town halls? What about taking our calls? You're supposed to serve all the PA people.
are you watching senator cotton's town hall meeting right now? I give him credit for being there. You're a #coward
OMG, are you okay? Did you wear a crash helmet? Maybe you should lie down. Or resign. Your choice.
when are holding a town hall #coward ?
still hiding from constituents.  These folks should have refused to play along.  Town halls now.  #onthetaketoomey
you don't respond to direct requests from your constituents on your stances. No town halls.  Not a representative
This is a good start. Don't forget that it's only a start. You have many more constituents to hear from and respond to.
6 people in your office won't cut it. Your constituents want a townhall meeting #tuesdayswithtoomey
we're still waiting to see you here in Pittsburgh.   Where are you?
SENATOR TOOMEY SHOUKD BE FIRED.  Follow us on Facebook as we expose crooked Toomey
Town hall in Philly!
I'm a 25 year resident of Malvern, PA who went to the Toomeyless townhall in Allentown. Why weren't you there @SenToomey ?
heartfelt request: please be inclusive and listen to constituents. We need your compassionate representation!
Where are the rest of the  group?
try spending a little time listening to your constituents? Not paid activists or sore losers, just PA citizens
senator Toomey has a dedicated face book page now: 'senator Toomey should be fired '
