“Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves.” ~ Abraham Lincoln.
What the heck kind of townhall mtg are you having tomorrow when it's by invitation only? Oh, I know A Republican one like trump has
Somebody gave out the marching orders. More support your effort to ck Fed from creating a super nanny state. You know the real facts
celebrate our last 4th with health insurance, yay!
You are going to have to get a job and get your own Snowflake!
Not much to be proud of or celebrate this year Senator! Do you ever get anything right???
Short and sweet- guess Toomey is too busy editing the plan to gut Medicaid! Nothing more patriotic than cutting off aide to the disabled 
TOMORROW NIGHT Toomey is holding an invite only Harrisburg "town hall." DM me if you want to jump in on a carpool!
Folks are carpooling to Harrisburg to meet Toomey at his fake town hall. WEDNESDAY 6pm

More details to come, DM if interested! 
Haha! That is awesome!
Are you going Leslee?
I wish!
You can prove your patriotism by representing the will of the people!
Is this true? Why do you support this?
NEW: The Senate is quietly pushing a subtle change in the health care bill:

not just to gut Medicaid, but to allow states to eliminate it.
Certainly not in public where you could possibly face your constituents....
Help make the country great again and meet with your constituents. Senators shouldn't hide
Out of touch with PA
You could have held/attended a public event today, one advertised more than 2 hours in advance & where you answered more than 11 questions.
Also, come to Philly for a Town Hall. Philadelphia is where the Declaration of Independence was signed. Philadelphia is in your state.
On America's birthday, I'd like to tell you that you are not in any sense what the Founding Fathers envisioned.  #realPA 19154
Hey @SenToomey   Where are you???  How bout a town hall?  Come talk to the people of Pittsburgh!!! U owe us!  #TownHall
Celebrate our heroes. They got us that independence.
We all would love some sort of sign that you even look at what we,  your constituents, have been saying to you. Respond! #DoYourJob #Coward!
Great day to visit your PA constituents instead of hiding from us. Country over party, coward. #TrumpcareKills
Sorry Snowflake. No one wants to put up with the Homeless people the Loser Dems hire to act a fool at those
But please do something about Trump. I worry what is happening to our country. He is unstable.
Yes nothing says America is great like my Senator leading the charge to throw 22 millions of Americans of healthcare. #shame #Resign
Great, but stop trumpcare.
I would feel better if I were free from you!
Election Day will be here one day, or should we say "Freedom from Toomey Day"!!!
It would be great day for you to speak out about POTUS retweeting the work of Anti Semitic meme creators
Is this a funny meme? 
Can I get an invite to your "townhall" I'm a huge supporter and I've got boatloads of money. Oh, and I hate people who want HC insurance.
I'm wishing that you become a better Senator by representing what your constituents want & not lining the pockets of the one percent.
Hopefully not our last period. The idiot in chief will no doubt be starting wwiii soon.
What is your schedule for town halls during your break?
Please help us celebrate by taking care of our most vulnerable. Oppose  Trumpcare.
Seems to me that the only thing wrong with the ACA is that it is NOT single payer.Why are we so behind the rest of the world?
Didn't see you out and about with constituents this July 4th Senator?
Hold a real town hall with your constituents. Don't hide behind your handpicked audience and scripted questions. Do your job!
That's cute; you're pretending to care again. You should just stop, Toomey. Stop being a chicken and talk to your constituents.
How bout you celebrate with your constituents and GET TO KNOW THEIR CONCERNS?!?!
Meet with @TuesdaysToomey, Senator!!! That wold really honor our country and our national holiday!
From zip code 17320. Vote NO on Trumpcare unless significant positive changes are made
Here's my special 4th of July wish for you. 
It's a sad time in this country. Our founding fathers must be rolling over in their graves.
It's hard to celebrate when you're trying to take away the independence of many people with disabilities who rely on Medicaid.
Have a great day Senator, you deserve it for all your hard work of ruining people's lives to make your friends richer! 
Pathetic little man. History will remember that you cared more about riches than your own constituents. #SoWillJesus #CINO
So you are hiding at home for the 4th? I've been asking and asking and your staff would never tell me. #coward #Phoney
So very disappointed with your representation of your constituents.
The same to you senator. Country before party.
What we need is Independence from you bought and paid for republican stooges
Where are you today?
Just as long as we DON'T get sick or hurt or need Medicare!!!
Happy 4th, Senator!
Sure. You know what would be another way to celebrate? Saving the ACA, investigating #TrumpRussia and then resigning from the senate. #MAGA
it's a great day-so great I'm in shock u haven't written a secret back room plan to conspire to cancel it-so the 1% don't pay holiday pay
You need to be independent of moneyed interest! You're not fooling the majority of Pennsylvanians. We will vote you out next time.
Celebrating by backing the most cruel pieces of legislation to those most in need? My Christian values teach me differently.  What are yours
I could have a happier 4th if you would have a town hall and quit screwing us over.
Happy 4th to you too. Thanks for the run-on sentence. And anxiety about losing health insurance. You're independent from that concern, huh?
You and your Russian conspiritors should be in jail. Pa. And many other states are not democracies because of you and your ilk.
Until i can participate in Obama care other than just paying for it with my taxes, I want it repealed.
Your Constituents are asking for a town hall meeting. Why do you find this so hard to understand?
You might want to remind your leader to state the same.
Great day to remember that the @GOP and @realDonaldTrump are actively undermining our independence.
This is the only way to make America great again....
Senator Toomey how dumb do you think we are? - http://www.pikecountycourier.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20170703/OPINION03/170709981/How-dumb-does-Senator-Toomey-think-we-are … via http://news.google.com 
Happy 4th when will you deign to visit your constituents so we can celebrate what America means & tell you how to represent US not YOU?!
This may be the last free 4th of July until we are living in a terrible America for working people, Millionaires will be just fine
Not today, Satan.  Not today.
As you proceed to dismantle healthcare for millions of Americans. Enjoy your holiday, Senator.
Single payer universal healthcare
Or respond to our constituents
The Republican Congress is targeting the poor and sick. Tens of thousands will die if 15 million lose coverage next year + 22 million later.
Wishing you'd work for the people
Wishing you'd show up at a town hall
Are you going to pay my increased health insurance premiums? I'm retired and on a fixed income. Not rich like you. VOTE NO on AHCA. Abysmal
Freedom of Speech
You mean the friends & family you want to kill by gutting Medicaid? It may be the last time we get 2 celebrate w/ them, if you get your way!
Can't be independent in US wo access 2 affordable health care. VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE and the decimation of Medicaid. Improved Medicare 4 ALL.
When are you next holding a town hall Mr. Toomey? I am a constituent and would like to voice my concerns about the TrumpCare/ Deathcare bill
Celebrate our country's form of government by meeting with your constituents, not by taking away our #healthcare! @SenToomey #4thOfJuly2017
Not having a way to speak to your representative does not sound very independent to me, but then again I think people should have healthcare
... before I vote to strip millions of Americans of there heathcare
Not only did you turn the phones off but you turned the fax machines off too. Sneaky, sneaky Toomey. It's like you don't want to talk to ppl
Is that the phone you used to send out the personal invites to your townhall since you're too much of a coward to have an actual public one?
Oh look, a phone that sits on your desk. I'm assuming you know how to use it, how about you try listening to your constituents on it?

Please move away from the crazy man.
How unpopular is #Trumpcare?

NPR/PBS/Marist: 17%
USA Today/Suffolk: 12%
Quinnipiac: 16%

The American people do not want BCRA. #SaveTheACA
Thank you. Please protect Medicaid and resist any plans that takes it away from children, the poor, the elderly, or the disabled.
You will kill millions with your healthcare policies so don't say anything to us until you get your head on straight! U don't care about us!
Why should Americans in other state's subsidize Ohio's decisions on how Ohio uses Medicaid $$. Stop taking my hard earned $$. Pay it in Ohio
#25thAmendmentNow
To celebrate the founding of our country with hopes to get it on track for a solid footing for a future

Same to you Senator!
Listen to your constituents. Easier to listen if you held a town hall. Vote NO on Trumpcare.
You wishes might mean more if your past/current actions didn't prove you care for 1% of constituents. If you care, pls don't pass TrumpCare
Holiday wishes from you Senator is like the executioner handing out :-) smiley stickers... #Trumpcare #FourthofJuly2017 #FourthOfJuly
Please hold an in person town hall scheduled at 7 pm for your constituents who work. We deserve to hear from you directly #toomeytownhall
I hope your donors enjoyed having a town hall with you. So would your constituents, if you can ever find the time and heart?
How about celebrating our democracy with a town hall (19086).  You know, the way Constitution set it up
and a good day to ponder what a life with Medicaid caps will look like for my son.  #SaveMedicaid
Town hall, please.
How about a town hall to answer those you were elected to represent? Or no to taking away healthcare for millions?!
How about a town hall in Philly area. Vote no on Drump care. Stop hurting the disabled, elderly and disadvantaged. We are watching.
Wish you had been at bbq where we asked you questions re healthcare!
We know who your friends are Pat. You are an ex president for it. They pay your bills. 2022
It's a wonderful day to schedule a series of town halls, the idea of which celebrates the cherished ideals of our democracy.
And for you, it's also a wonderful day to plot a way to strip millions of Americans their independence. You are anything but patriotic.
While you hide from your constituents and try to take their health care away.
Rott in 
To you and yours also Senator Toomey. Please keep working with our President to MAGA!
Remember July 4th when the people won against tyranny! Don't end up on the wrong side of history!
Going out on a limb here, but based on the replies I see on your twitter every time you post, it seems like ppl want to keep their HC voteno
Seriously?! You  & support a man who wants to limit our rights, unless you're wealthy & white!! The bromance is real & you're a disgrace.
Get out of the office. Stop talking to the press. Schedule a Town Hall to discuss the healthcare plan with your constituents!
Shut up.
He's far too cowardly to hold a legitimate town hall, though I'd love for him to prove me wrong.
Where's the town hall?
May today be the day you wake up and realize that NOBODY wants #BCRA-- not hospital execs, doctors, insurers, patients, seniors....
In other words...Enjoy it while you have it.      Sit and spin Toomey, fascist traitor!
Thank you and bless you and your family too
What about the independence of people with disabilities? #ADAPTandResist #ourhomesnotnursinghomes
Yes to you also.  May you remember what made this country.  The People.
....only days after completing the disastrous healthcare bill.  Yes enjoy your 4th folks, next year you'll be too sick.
Support the base clown. You'll be voted out if you don't get right and fast
Pls stand up 4 our Democracy & ensure our Independence fr Russian interference. Hold Trump admin accountable 4 their unpatriotic corruption.
When will you be holding a town hall meeting in Southeast DELCO?
Recognize the constitutional crisis of Trump. #amendment25now
Should also be a day where we consider not making our troops cannon fodder in colonization of others.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
And a big  to those moochers and welfare queens, right?
Hey, Sen. Me-Too, you do know that the real moochers are the 1% who have you in their pocket. Right? Right?
A great way to celebrate freedom and independence would be with a free open and fair town hall. As American as apple pie #ToomeyTownHall
As you work to destroy the lives on tens of millions of Americans?  You're a national disgrace who is destroying America #GOPLiesMatter
You could give us more cause for celebration by promising not to strip millions of Pennsylvanians of their health care
Independence! Everyone's free to flail without health care or a safety net! 'Murica!
Maybe you should embrace the freedom and independence by having a free and independent town hall for your constituents. #ToomeyTownHall
Good day for a Town Hall, don't you think?
He is afraid of his own base. Won't just be libtards wanting answers
Wishing you get your hands blown off by fireworks, and don't have health insurance to reattach them. #BetterCare
#WTF!!!
Exactly, glad you share my outrage.
