Toomey and Trump, 2 peas in a pod.  Voting for Toomey == approval of Trump.  Why aren't you doing anything about Trump's ties to Russia?
Toomey you're not supporting our President. He was elected on his vision, not the Senates vision. Work with him.
I would but I've seen enough of your butt kissing. Grow a pair and put country before party. U know he's nuts!
obviously 6ABC has lowered its standards by interviewing a weasel, hypocrite like you. @6ABC this guy is a weasel. Stop
Why does EVERYONE in this feed have the EXACT SAME TALKING POINTS?

 You Dem clowns have no clue enjoy 7.6 more years!!
they have the same points because they are legit questions. @SenToomey is straight hiding. B4 u scream but youre a Dem, no I'm not
Bla bla bla, you are all part of the dnc destroy trump operative team. Your post history is obvious. Good bye  head! 
hahaha do you need a safe place snowflake? Ur post history is right wing bs. Try asking ur govt to govern from the middle
Elsewhere I said I challenge you to give us even a SINGLE positive thing tRump has done or tried to do, exception was ending TPP
Resign! You suck
really?  Listen to your constituents.  We are not happy.
HOW LONG CAN YOU LIE AND LIE AND LIE??? BE A MAN !!! REPRESENT PA & THE PEOPLE WHO WANT U TO STAND AGAINST HUMP'S EVERYDAY OF HATRED OF US
How can you stand by while this  constantly tells pple that the courts don't matter and that racism is ok? You know PA HAS OTHER RACES?
Your constituents want an independent investigation into Russian influence. If Trump team is clean, YOU should want this too! Do right.
Stop talking to media. Talk to the constituents!!! #doyourjob
How about an in person town hall?  That would actually be better if you were interested in your constituents.
Pathetic....
How about sitting down with your constituents at a town hall!
First 100 days sucked.
my take on 1st 100 days: Admin under FBI investigation, failed travel ban, failed Trumpcare, failed  to make a Mexico pay for wall, GRADE F
a total trump stooge afraid to face constituents serves only his orange master. #onthetaketoomey
Unbelievable! We thought you died. So when are the TOWN HALLS, hmmm???
What Trump is doing with Tweets is keeping American people informed. Congress should be supportive & talk more on successes of Trump.
I support Trump 100%! He is exactly who I want as president! He is doing fabulous job so far! Dang sure more than congress!
Can't wait to vote you out. Counting down!

softball interview or hard questions from his constituents. Cowards always take the easy route don't they Sen
Town hall.
So just another chance to act like a 2 year old and cry.
Oh my gosh, Trump has done an excellent job on focusing on core issues. GOP need to realize they have house & senate because of Trump!
I watched this with the sound turned off...just as informative.
But not with your constituents
What about Western Pa. I think a Trump apologist like your self would flock here! Take is the operative word for you!
First 100 days are huge failure. Speak the truth @SenToomey. While you're at it: set up town hall to hear from people of pa! #doyourjob
We need to see Trump's taxes so that we know what his debts are #TrumpRussia Why don't you support this?
Did I honestly hear "daily conversations with goals"- I think we were looking for results- legislative ones at that- not EO's. BS!
Comedy Central would have been more appropriate.
High marks on foreign policy?!? What the hell were you watching? Trump could fart and you'd give him high marks for foreign policy.
WHERE IS OUR TOWN HALL?  Your biased tele town halls are a farce.  We pay you to a job, now do it, or step off so someone can do it.
Why was the Syria strike a good idea, it did nothing to degrade Syria's military power.
It is sad that u have no time for ur constituents.  R u affraid of us? Failure to listen to us will mean the end of u being a senator!
Next time @6abc invite a live audience to a televised @SenToomey interview. Hey, that would be like a town hall. Imagine that!
Hey Pat what are you doing to obstruct investigations into Trump and Russia?
When is ur live, not phone in, town hall bootlicker? U think Trump is doing such a great job why r u hiding from us? #buebyetoomey
Why don't you sit down with your constituents instead of a reporter?
Maybe you should check in with your constituents because you got it all wrong. How did you ever get elected?
Gerrymandering.
This is more of the same nonsense. Meet with your constituents in a Town Hall or we will continue to call you out.
Too bad you didn't sit down with your constituents and have a town hall.
channel 6, next time could you talk to the real senator who takes time to listen to constituents, @SenBobCasey ?
Thanks for sharing. The more you hitch your wagon to the Trump train the easier it will be to vote you out in '22.
2 bad u can't take time 2 sit down with ur constituents in person & get their thoughts on Trumps first 100 days: It's embarrassing disaster
When will you have a town hall?
Sen Toomey seems to be very enamored w/ Philadelphia media, but not as much with local constituents. Why have u never held a town hall here?
Hey #ABC this is a great question, can u ask him since he ignores his constituents. Or better do a story about how he is ignoring us, coward
Did you get to pick the questions or did the White House provide them??
TOWN HALL  TOWN HALL  TOWN HALL   TOWN HALL   TOWN HALL
It'd be great if you'd sit down with the people you actually represent. #townhall #wheresToomey
Instead of sucking up to Trump, why don't you start serving your constituents, like the ones in Philly? You're supposed to represent us!
Toomey is as bad as Trump!  Losers, both of them!
So about 30 seconds of an easy interview is supposed to be good enough for your constituents? Yeah. No. Please hold town halls across PA.
You're useless, Mr Toomey. You're dangerous, and you're a traitor.
So you puckered up, kissed his orange ass & plan to continue same. How about you come tell your constituents that in person? TOWN HALL
You’re a feckless little lapdog
Represent your constituents not the special interests lining your pockets!!!
Too bad he can't take the time to sit down with his constituents and get their thoughts on the first 100 days of Trump's disaster.
Maybe it would be nice for you to sit down with the constituents you serve instead of being MIA on #ToomeyTuesdays. #GOP
Let me guess: you loved them? Can't wait to vote you out of office, you brown-nosing tool. 19428 #ToomeyTheTool #ImpeachTrump
He just won, 6 years.....  while your here crying and whining we will be removing Casey on 18. 

Dem are clueless.
No Thanks
Pass.
