Maybe if you kept the taxes on the wealthy, it would be fine?!
You are lying. This bill hurts people, costs more, covers less & raids medicaid for tax cuts to wealthy. Put your charts away. You are lying
How do Medicaid caps handle another financial crisis? Answer: it hurts Americans by capping funding.
Vote no on Trumpcare!
#CherryPicking #Murderer
Lies. Don't insult our intelligence.
Stop hiding behind meaningless graphs. Hold a town hall and talk directly with your constituents. Oh, but we'll still say no to BCRA!
you have not represented my interests as a PA resident once.  can't wait to pull the ballot against you no matter how long i have to wait.
You need to add population and/or as % of gdp for this to make sense.  I bet a hearing with questions would work to clarify things
And cuts millions from needed healthcare.  Vote NO
Of course the plans sucks, high deductible, hugh copay, and most conditions not covered
Seriously I need to see it. I don't trust your thought process. Medicaid needs to be increased greater than 2.7%.
but places more stress on state budgets to make up difference. It'll shaft ur constituents. Remember them?
Ups it FOR HOW LONG Dimwit!
You are not addressing the root causes of our healthcare crisis by cutting benefits! How will this make Americans healthy?!?!
Unfortunately I can't believe anything that comes from your or your fellow GOP. Stand up to that monster at 1600, then we can talk. #sad
Make America Great Again!
I totally agree, Let's make America great again by getting rid of the corrupt GOP, especally Toomey, Trump, Ryan, and Mcconnell
Eliminate the rediculous tax breaks and that should solve the problem.
Look there It's Pat! Lying and Murdering Americans to give Devos and Trump a tax break. Thanks Pat! http://moviestartees.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/Saturday-Night-Live-Unisex-Its-Pat-T-Shirt-0-0.jpg …
Oh look you are caught LYING AGAIN -imagine that?
Can you not read?
Might be able to sustain? And you spout this fact? Irresponsible use of information to further your horrible agenda. Resign.
You are using false statistics to support growth, statistics that won't happen. Caps make Medicaid funding insufficient should this happen.
who are you trying to convince?!? There are multiple ways to avert the crisis!  Stand up to #45!
Don't know where you got this but don't use the CBO.  They essentially said it was a bad bill. People keep saying they don't want this.

By cutting care to low income, children and older Americans relying on it for retirement homes.
Medicaid fraud costs federal government 140 billion a year
Seriously I want to see it. I don't trust your filter info.
'preserves program for next gen' but what is preserved? this: no coverage for pre-existing condition, bankruptcy due to med costs.
We don't need more entitlement. We need to put responsibility back into the hands of the people
this is a lie & you know it, you also know PA or any other state, can't foot health insurance on it's own. What do we pay federal taxes for?
We want your health care plan.
No. Stop lying. Tax cuts 4 400 families is NOT ok. Doing away with pre-existing protections not ok. Bring back life time caps not ok
GOP says their "health care" bill is about "freedom and choice." What choice is that? Between paying the mortgage or buying food or meds?
Senator this reminds me of the Reagan years when the media was blasting Reagan for "cutting" the budget! He didn't "cut" the budget, he only
slowed the growth! Use this to point out that Republicans aren't "cutting" Medicaid they are only bringing the growth under control!
There will be a point where you will get it. Your bill is shit, Obamacare is shit. REPEAL IT.
What a crock! PA will have to contribute 1/2 in 6 years. This bill will kill veterans who rely on Medicaid. Tax cut for rich screws poor ppl
1) Your chart shows a cut. 2) Interesting your chart stops at 2036 because the CBO indicates the whole thing collapses following year. Liar.
This is a False representation of the effects of this bill and you know it. There must be a Big Payoff in it for you to be in favor of it.
Why don't I trust you?
And if you're so in love with your plan, and how about you go on the same plan you're trying to force down our throats
Good God, just please stop trying to sell your tax break. If you really care, tell us in person.
This is misleading. Medicaid $$ not enough to keep pace with costs. Millions loose services. Vote NO on this!!
Any time you'd like to stop trying to polish this turd and start working on healthcare that benefits your constituents, that'd be great.
Go for it @SenToomey    Time to get this done.
Because those people aren't going to need health insurance with bad water and global warming
Seriously...do you think we are stupid?  #lyingbyomission #ProtectOurCare
Oh so now you believe them?
Medicaid growth will slow but actual medical costs will not, because you aren't doing anything about them. Who pays? Not the 400.
you lie @SenToomey
let's see a chart with all the jobs UR going 2 kill in the US if this goes through, including UR own state's. Oh wait, U'd have to care.
another made up chart. Nice try though. The doctored data isn't fooling anyone, Senator.
Liar!
I am a caseworker for IDD people who rely on Medicaid for ALL of their services. I could lose my job. They could lose everything.
Tell you what - grow a pair and have a town hall dont go to fox go to the people who employ you
#pasayno
Just vote as the people want not party lines
Here, what you meant to say was: #dontevencare
STOP LYING!
@larry_kudlow @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump repeal #Obamacarecancer NOW, replace with another bill @SenateMajorityL @RandPaul
more GOP lies! toomey you are the worst and I vote in pa your done here if you support this bill
Lies
Nope, this is incorrect.  Why do you lie to your constituents?
And it's not #BetterCare if you're giving shittier care to the people that need it.
Yeah, it kills off all the people who use it and cost us money
What if, and stop me if this sounds crazy, we put less money into pointing guns at others and protect our own with medical care?
Do you really believe your own lies? Stop siphoning our money to your rich friends.
How can it be #BetterCare when I won't be able to afford my premiums, and therefore, HEALTHCARE??
Is this @Microsoft Paint? BTW, the issue isnt just the line's slope, but how many people the $ covers. What do you mean "preserve"?
Mr. Toomey, There is a difference between adequately staffing Medicaid to guard against abuse and throwing deserving people under a bus.
liar
This has been shown to be an inaccurate representation as it leaves out key information re: inflation, etc.
CBO show Medicaid cut by 35% in 20 years, stop trying to put lipstick on a pig
When is your next Town Hall, Senator? I have some questions...
Save the rich and kill the poor. You are a liar. PERIOD.  Where and when is your next town hall? #TrumpCareKills #Medicaid saves lives
it's a 30%+ cut.

don't insult us by assuming we're innumerate
Yes-costs go down when you decide you're ok with allowing people to die of preventable and treatable diseases.
Stop sending lies. I read it. It does not say this. How can a cut increase spending. Makes no sense.
What fiscal crisis.  Taxes of the wealthy having to pay 2-4 % more for medicaid funding for healthcare?
So then why are the wealthy getting tax breaks, but my child will lose health care? Eligibility in an unfunded program, how generous.
How about offering real cost saving solutions  instead of cuts? CMMI support, PCMH innovations, pharma bargaining, patient incentives
Aaaannnddd... the % of people who believe your B.S. ... ZERO!!
When do we get a town hall to discuss this?
Everyone knows ACA needs fixing. If you can work in a bipartisan manner on other issues, why not health care?
22 million people lose coverage so that you can give more to the already wealthy. You seriously disgust me!
Actually vast majority of "savings" go to tax cuts for wealthy. & little remaining that could "preserve" is expected to do to tax "reform"
I tried to find one supportive comment but couldn't. Could you Senator? Isn't this telling you something important about your constituents?
So every problem that ppl have with the ACA is made worse by this bill but you stand with the #GOP & not your constituents
Yeah but you guys are indeed cutting billions from it in the end. At last be honest here guy, millions will factually lose healthcare.
Human beings aren't lines on a graph. Reality is 15 million thrown off Medicaid. THIS is the reality - the blood on your hands
BS, @SenToomey. Stop lying.
You won't meet your constituents to discuss this so your tweets don't mean shit.
Better get rid of blasphemy law that limits free speech! House Res 257 and senate 118. Insane. Free country.
Nope. It doesn't. You read it incorrectly. You will be responsible for millions w/o health care, perhaps to die because if your plan.
Vote to repeal Obamacare first.
Stop spreading fake news!
How about all the jobs cuts while you're killing people?  So long as those rich guys get their tax cuts!
So your one of the backdoor 9 and you'll come out with this you should along with entire Congress have this well planned plan JOKE
You are such a bad person.
Go back and hide no town hall Pass deserves better. Clown looking higher Do your Job.  Follow your pipeline vote to the sewers
The bill would harm MILLIONS of kids w disabilities and kids from low-income families. Every kid deserves a chance at a healthy life.
Believe NOTHING GOP says....yu twist the truth ALL THE TIME
You have fuzzy math and data. If your head was not so far up #45 you could see clearer. #VoteNoAHCA
Senator, why not also show how quickly healthcare costs will be going up, hint much more rapidly than GOP plan accounts for. #misinformation
Not like you're putting the savings into ways to cut healthcare costs, instead giving it to the 1% as tax cuts, which is the GOP's true goal
Shame on you. Stop lying! Listen to your constituents! We vote NO!
It does no such thing & you know it. It's a cut in federal contributions that will make health care unaffordable for millions of Americans.
Nice try. No one's buying it.
If this senate does not show disgust over this tweet then you are no better, could be your mother! Impeach him!!!!!
Stop bullshitting your constituents
FACE YOUR CONSTITUENTS!! TOWN HALLS  FAKE SENATOR!
Right.Or you and your millionaire buddies could just pay like a 1% increase in taxes & people wouldn't have to die 4 your manufactured issue
Nobody believes you
You're position on $800 billion cut to Medicaid is to preserve it for the next generation?  This is just a lie. It's to line your pocket.
Hell with RandPAC 2020, Rand needs to quit throwing up on us as Trump obstructionist & get something done ASAP by Aug esp tax cuts or else!
You should be sweating bullets.  Did you even read the CBO SCORE?
You sir no longer have any credibility.
When is your Town Hall scheduled?  Oh, you aren't having one?  Gee, Why?  Cowardice is not a good quality in a Senator.
It grows at a lower rate by taking insurance away from the poor and giving the money to the rich.  Get some courage and say it is a tax cut!
whew! please make sure those millionaires get those big tax cuts by gutting medicaid!!
Fake chart without link. Tax the billionaire, not tax credit for the them.
Let's put a face on who you want to kill
https://facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1561507297205388&id=174742062548592 …
You're an immoral liar who'll be directly responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPDestroyingAmerica
Clearly you have adopted the President's lying technique. Shameful
you spelled 'passes the buck' wrong.
Newsflash: we can sustain more Medicaid growth if you don't cut taxes for the wealthy. GOP believes profit > people. Sad!
Viral tweet Pat...
If TrumpCare is so great, why won't you discuss it in a public town hall? Why was it crafted in secret? Why refuse to work with Democrats?
There will be NO next generation as everyone will be dead
Maybe you just don't 'get it' Pat.....this is war, and in war NOTHING is polite or cute.....NOTHING.
the ONLY thing 'undermining' the President is YOU, start supporting our commander in chief, we elected him, we are 100% behind him
Why enrich wealthy who don't really need more $ by destroying lives of sick, elderly and poor who benefitted by ACA for basic needs?
Wrong. It becomes unstable due to YOU handing to the wealthiest 2%. #800Billion @SenBobCasey and you should come home and debate the facts
And seniors in nursing homes ? Go back into hiding. At least you do THAT well !
Why are the potential savings being used to bribe other Senators to vote for the bill??? Just as bad as Democrat Louisiana Purchase - SHAME!
You guys are on the wrong path. This is better for business:
It's a HORRIBLE plan. People of  & PA (my mom  my family) do not want or approve #trumpcare #mcconnellCare #saveACA
So the idea is to "preserve Medicaid for the future" by killing people now?
PA isn't looking too pretty...
By hurling people off it who will die without access to care. You want sustainable? A progressive tax code. Or how about *gasp* single-payer
At the rate it ups, does NOT keep up with rising need and inflation. You are wrong in your interpretation.
Please include a graph showing the projected inflation of costs over the same time period. Stop misleading people
"By 2026, enrollment in Medicaid would fall by about 16% & an estimated 49mil people would be uninsured..."
"...compared w/28 mil who would lack insurance that year under current law." - CBO
In other words:

We have less than one week to STOP TrumpCare. It will come down to these ten states. Let's get to work.


You mean the fiscal crisis you're manufacturing with your tax gifts to the wealthiest Americans? I know a solution.
the poor of my people of their right, that widows may be their spoil, and that they may make the fatherless their prey!  - Isaiah 10:1-2
Release your call records? How many calls for and how many against. Prove you are representing the people of PA and not #PartyOverCountry
Awesome chart that everyone should see.
The idea that we are broke is a massive con.  There's plenty of $, companies are stashing it in Panama, Ireland, etc.  Close the loopholes.
Woe to those who decree iniquitous decrees, and the writers who keep writing oppression, to turn aside the needy from justice and to rob...
Gives huge tax breaks to your donors while Americans die. Respect your constituents not the Koch Brothers $'s in your pocket.
How do you feel about slowing the growth of military spending also by as much %? It's not a cut for military spending right?
CBO also shows loss of insurance for an additional 20 Million! That is 20 Million human beings, not just statistics.
That's not controlled costs that's by providing less coverage. The plan is terrible
Your attempts to sell this are embarrassing now. #HealthcareNotWealthcare
By removing people's benefits. Money first, I guess. Who broke your moral compass, sirrah?
Toomey, you are a liar & a shitty senator. The graph does not represent a factual analysis with the real costs of your GOP deathcare plan.
If you're so proud of this bill, hold a town hall. Defend it. Respond to questions from your constituents.
There he goes again with lies that will effect millions. But that sugar bill he has taken a hard line on....
So we abandon 22M US Citizens as "collateral damage" to preserve @SenateGOP's ideology? This is unacceptable. #GOPterrorism
You like charts and pictures? Here's one for you...
I believe you left out the part where the preservation will lead to people dying all to give tax cuts for your rich friends.
Premiums will still be more than doubled for my age group with worse coverage. All to give tax cuts to the top 1% TRAGIC!!
Less than the expected increase in costs, so congrats? Also, CBO doesn't score after 10 years, but notes you intentionally hid cuts after
You're really pushing this shitburger aren't you?
It reduces growth well below average healthcare cost increases yearly. In 20 years 30% cut! Come on, quit insulting our intelligence!!!
Just REPEAL.
Tell us how slashing Medicaid and forcing people off health insurance is going to improve this shameful trend.
Just stop with the justifications! Healthcare will be unattainable and unaffordable for many under your plan. Single payer system now!
This is misleading at best. At worst, you're deliberately trying to deceive const. We already know what CBO says about how many will lose it
You disconnect it from the cost of medical care. There will be financial crises, but it will be for those who are sick & can't work
Your lies are shameless. I used to think you believed what you said but now it's clear these are just cynical lies.
History will remember and it will not be kind. This GOP, this Congress, will be remembered for its cynicism & cruelty.
You know full well CBO said millions will lose Medicaid coverage under #BCRA. How is that preserving it for the next generation?
@SenateMajLdr remove the tax cut component of the plan and increase the funding for health care and your getting somewhere
