Sec Tillerson calls out #Russia for supplying weapons to the Taliban, calls it a violation of Int'L norms
But you will not criticize by name your President who kisses Putin's ass?
But his puppet, Trump is?
... but he is a friend to your buddy in the WH.
Why did the president discuss classified information with them when he invited them to the oval office?
Hello there #Spineless! I hate to tell you this, but you're telling the wrong people this. We know. Go tell Trump. Tell him to #Resign, too.
If @USAgov allows Russian youth to be poisoned by Afghi drugs expect @GovernmentRF to support guerrilla ops against @DeptofDefense
oh Russsia is a friend. a very very good friend to donald. that man will blast the crap out of everyone, one exception-Russia and Putin
Does this mean you are in support of the independent investigation of Russia interfering with our 2016 election? #RussianCollusion
Anything4the win- it's what #traitors do! @GOP hates America, Americans,Free&Fair elections&democracy even more than putin does!
#DoYourJob
@jimsciutto Instead of innocuous tweets, why don't you demand the @potus state the same thing -- and act. #cowardice
http://www.pennlive.com/news/2017/06/pat_toomey_russia_investigatio.html … "So, yeah, this is just wildly overblown and fortunately most of us are not paying any attention." #TrumpRussia
Why has @StateDept+@DeptofDefense not interdicted Afghi opium & heroin on its way to Russia or agree to work w/ Russian anti-narcotic units
I'm a constituent of yours, and your support of trump is disgusting & cowardly.  Stand up to drumpf. Say this shit about Putin to his face.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jul/10/pat-toomey-calls-trump-putin-meeting-a-great-disap/ … Is Trump a "great disappointment", guilty of #collusion or worse? #TrumpRussia
@StateDept @DeptofDefense burn all Afghi poppy fields Don't repeat corruption & crimes as in Vietnam War
You might want to remind POTUS...
I am glad you see that.  Now support the investigation into Trump's Russia investigation.
Do you watch @realDonaldTrump speech?  Attacking free press, attacking Republican Senators, complimenting criminally racist sheriff. /1
Misrepresenting his own #Charolettesville response, attacking Constitution.  Time to decide how history will remember you.   /2
Time to decide if you want any of your taxcut agenda even debated.  #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump /3
So why do you so blindly support Trump - a friend to Putin?
So when will Congress investigate HRC for her association with Putting?
Оставить тролля
"He was so nice and so everything"

your messiah @potus

jackass
How do you explain Richard Stephenson ?????
Callout Putins US Friend .@SenToomey ,,Trump... If you don't Condemn ,YOU are complicit ... WE are Watching YOU .@SenToomey
So weird, you've had the oppty to speak out against Donnie John's love of Russia & haven't. Let's discuss at an open town hall in Philly.
This has been going on4years. No way I kno more than a senator,so why @GOP allow 2install an asset 4potus? TaxCuts4TheWealthy worth it?
I echo what everyone else here is saying.  Tell 45.  Hold a town meeting.  Grow a spine. #resist #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
Which is why his ties to #presidentasshat need to be further investigated.
We'd love to see you speak out against Trump's moronic wall, which Mexico will NEVER pay for nor should they
Sad for the US that your guy(trump) is  a buddy to Putin. Says our news sources are fake which is taken from Putin's play book.
As you are a drump fan, can we say the same about you? Correction, he has one fan your buddy drump.   #EAEWO  's &'s Wide Open.
A reminder that our senator supports a POTUS that colluded with Russia. So this statement is garbage
I agree with your assessment about Putin. How do you feel about Trump and his financial ties with Putin? @KeithRothfus feel free to opine.
You need to talk to the President, not tweet your followers.
Also when the US supplied the Shah of Iran, the Mujahideen, the contras, those didn't violate anything, but civilians lives right?
But he is the biggest friend to the Premier In Chief of the United States, who leads you around blindly.
Pat, You ever planning to stand up/call out @Potus, or are you comfortable with his leadership?  I know I'll remember how you act on this.
...and POTUS who you are reluctant to criticize, is very touchy about Russia.  Just ask @SenateMajLdr about his phone call.
Just a friend to the President of the U.S. ...
You also need to hold POTUS accountable for his inability to explicitly condemn Russia and Putin in particular.
The US President is a violation of international norms. Why don't you just call him out? #CollaboratorToomey
What does it matter when the Russian Sympathizer lives in our White House!
So you will be taking a stand against the Russian collusion? Good, we have been waiting for you to cowboy up!
Not to worry #Putinspuppet in #WhiteHouse will smooth things over. #ImpeachTrumpNow #FakePresident #LierinChief
Oh great. You noticed.
Putin is not our primary problem. We have a President that is completely unhinged. Didn't you see that embarrassing display tonight?
Maybe you could mention that to your president?
When are you going to admit tRump is in be d. With Putin? You are enabling this racist manual.
Are you going to denounce Trump for tonight's disgusting and decisive speech? How many blatant lies can you tolerate?
Your words mean nothing. Your silence is tantamount to collusion. #NoConfidence
Take a stand Mr Toomey. Do you personally read these responses?  Muster up courage, if you have any, & tell the Prez that he is culpable
Please take the brace steps to stop compromised Trump. Don't worry about polls. State will support you. Polls will turn. Country needs you!
This should have been part of Trump's campaign platform. Tillerson is smarter than Trump.
Agreed. Why no public denouncement of the Trump campaign's collusion w/Russians? Perhaps Russian interference also ensured your reelection.
And you are no friend to your constituents since you refuse to meet with them.  @IndivisiblePHL #resist
Remember that when Mercer presents his evidence.
How about a reminder that Putin is responding to domestic pressures and we frequently play right into his hand
Why is this news? News only to those who think faux-tee five can make America great again.
I'm pretty sure we're the ones that have been telling YOU that for the last 8 mos & got told Russia "overblown"
and that means? Russia will do what is in their interest - not the US- but Tump never calls out Putin - lots more to come with Russia Inves
Well then condemn his bestie..your President trump!
The person who disagrees is @realDonaldTrump so I assume this is as close as you'll get to taking any kind of a stand against our unfit 45.
Tell that to the Prez and call him out.
Yet there you sit, in the lap of #Putinspuppet, @realDonaldTrump.
And guess whose family has been colluding with them, possibly in violation of law and good taste. I'll give you a hint @realDonaldTrump
Then call for his puppet in the White House to resign!
Have you actually acknowledged the Russian help in getting the current president/you elected?
Tell @realDonaldTrump that
When will you separate yourself from racist, bigot Trump. No PA residents federal taxes should pay for Halfassed wall. No Shutdown of gov't
You keep floating these #subtweets against DJT. Why don't you come out and say it to him? People are waiting for it.
I would like to see you condemn the pariah currently occupying our white house in terms this strong
So brave now.  Remind me of your previous positions on Russia and @realDonaldTrump ?
You should tell POTUS.  Apparently he didn't get that memo.
But your president wont challenge him, ever. Why?
Did you hear they even turned the election so now we have a lunatic in charge.... you might have heard of him
And yet you still toady up to @realDonaldTrump and support his awful admin?  Hypocrisy much? Get a spine please sir! Get him out of the WH.
So how come Trump didn't mention Putin last night?
Another reminder...that Senator Toomey benefited from Russian interference in our election
Funny they knew all about it and made jokes!
That makes 2 of you
Best remind 45 he doesn't seem to know
Thanks @SenToomey, when is your public, open, town hall?
What are you doing about replacing Obamacare? PA has zero insurance companies participating next year.
That's what your constituents have been telling you for 7 months! You need to tell this to the President. & support the investigations
Waving from #Pittsburgh. Remember us?
Does this mean you'll call out Trump the next time he talks about what a great guy Putin is? How about when he sits down with him?
What are you doing to ensure fair elections in 2018?
Listen Senator Toomey, supporting DT is supporting White Supremacy, Nazi, and racism!
So why does Toomey support DT when DT supports Putin? So by endorsing DT Toomey endorses Putin. Toomey tell DT you can't support him.
Yet you sit on your hands and never denounce Trump, friend of Putin
Then why did trump collude with the Russians
Then why the fuck did you vote for the Russian candidate for president?
Senator, we moved on already. Wake up. No need for Russia bashing. Prepare to fill the pockets of lobbyist for Afghan war.
Trump colluded with Putin to attack our democracy, once proof comes out, you must act in a decisive non patrician manner to impeach Trump.
Please relay that information to the Oval Office.
Excuse me, Sen. Toomey. You have been one of Trump's staunchest supporters.Why let evidence @t Russia get in the way of your point of view.
Better speak to POTUS but i doubt u  have the guts
Your president likes him. Talks worse about Americans.
You know who else is no friend of the U.S.? Your lord and master, Trump. When are you going to condemn this grifter for what he is?
Yes. Don't tax the poor.
If you are a PA constituent, please call the Senator at 202-224-4254.
what are you doing to safeguard our elections from Russian interference?
Didn't we only JUST stop the CIA from shipping arms to "rebels" in Syria Pat?
Then quit enabling Putin's puppet
The man you support says differently! Make a call and say the same thing to your leader! He's too busy talking Afghanistan, how dumb is that
Tell @potus to condemn Putin. White supremacists and Putin are the only people he has a hard time calling out
I agree but then why do you support Trump when he considers Putin a great leader and friend? Sometimes we need to take a solid stand, right?
Correct, now provide some oversight of the executive which seems to believe the opposite
Yes and nazis are not good people splain that to Donny douche!
Senator, is that you or did someone hack your twitter account?  Good observation.  Keep it up!
What?U actually thought u were giving us new info.We'll wait till u catch up with the rest of us.When is Townhall mtg planned in Philly?
So why did Hillary and Obama give them all of our uranium? So they could give it to Iran and North Korea?
that's good. why's the president you voted for so fond of him?
Was it good or bad that 400 diplomats were expelled from Russia? How would u describe morale at the state department among career diplomats?
Waiting for your statement to the president, then. Any time now. Aaaaaany time...
tell Trump. seriously. like, say those words to him. please.
Make ur enemy ur ally. Once you've duped your 'ally'bring 3rd party in to take down 1st party. Learn the technique..take down 3rd party.
You forgot to @realDonaldTrump again! #coward
But you buddy DT just loves him. @SenToomey
Did you get the permission from the WH to tweet??
Then how come your potus refuses to condemn them?????
tell the head of your party, aka the president
Welcome to the party. Now do something.
Tell that to trump
Let's hear you criticize  @realDonaldTrump for thanking Putin for expelling our diplomats. Do you think we do not hear your silence?
So how come our president and him are best buddies?
Are you capable of original thought? Do you ever call anyone out unless your masters do it first? You need to go!
.@realDonaldTrump
THANKS, Senator Rubber Stamp.
But Putin is Trump's best buddy, and you blindly follow Trump.  I see a pattern here that tells me not to trust you.
What's the point of this tweet? Exactly what are you trying to accomplish?
If tillerson can do it, why does @POTUS still refuse to?
Trump adores him.
Maybe you should remind the president!
Don't tell us, we already knew. Go find @realDonaldTrump on the golf course and tell him
Maybe he watched Charlie Wilson's War? Russia hacks election to install Trump, who ups war in Afghanistan ... to clear way for pipeline.
Why do you consistently support Trump?  You really need to address that before you claim your disdain for Putin.
Friendly reminder youre supposed to be serving the needs of the people, not corporations and wealthy.
International pariah or "stablemate" .  which is it?
I'm so glad you stood up when @POTUS encouraged Russia to hack @HillaryClinton and then hacked our election. Oh wait you didnt. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why don't you tell your buddy DJT that? He seems to be quite friendly with Russia.
Yet the guy you constantly support is BFF with Putin!
But you didn't have any issue with the oval office meeting without US press. #hypocrite
Your buddy Trump sure likes him.
Reminder that you are a Pennsylvania pariah and no friend to your constituents. @SenToomey
We know. Tell that to 45. He doesn't seem to understand.
No one said they're friends with the US they're friends with Trump and his associates nice try though sleezyball
General Lee statues.... Need a diversion.
PAT TOOMEY is TRUMP's BIGGEST SUPPORTER, agrres with Trump on everything, and will do anything for Trump
Yes, we know. Then why do you support a pres who refuses to say anything negative about them? He berates a good star fam, but never Russia.
Yea.. we all knew that. Every one knows that. Maybe tell that buffoon in the White house. Cos we all knew. CONGRATS. Now maybe keep up!
Tell that to the president
Good thing you are taking that election meddling  so seriously Pattie, oh wait...
So you support trump but fear the Russian investigation??
Another reminder you are appeasing Putin by calling Russia investigation "overblown" & spending "very close to zero" % of your time on it.
Our President seems to have a crush on him. Can you do anything about that? Do your job.
Empty rhetoric. Signifying nothing other than a sycophant.
#theCowardToomey should've told that to the president before he cut a deal with him
Remind the Executive branch.
Are you in on the TrumpWeb of Russia & trying to trivialize it? You took $money from Price/DeVos.
PA res don't care what you think or feel.
Reminder that Trump is Putin’s cockholster.
Hussein obama provided weapons to Mexican drug lords so he is a pariah as well.
But he is a huge friend of Trump. And is morphing your political party into his patsies. BUT GOD FORBID YOU HELP A DEMOCRAT. So bye bye USA.
So then why do you avoid the necessary criticism of our POTUS? He has welcomed Putin's corruption into our White House.
I know a guy named pat and sometimes we call him Pattery.  It's like battery but with a P, cause he's got energy.  Do you ever do that?
http://latestsmartphoneslaptops.blogspot.in/2017/08/best-selling-gadgets-latest-exclusively.html …
Where have you been for over a year or two
Let's discuss it at your next town hall...oh right...
Why are you propping up his puppet president then?
Senator Toomey please relay that to the  President that you seem to support
We're not the ones you need to remind.
Tell Trump
Too late now Pat - you are tied to trump & his Russian mess.
You are a trump rubber stamp.  Are The Koch's scared now & are letting you call out Russia now?
Maybe we could have a town hall and discuss it?
I'll second and third t hat. He needs to get his head out of the sand.
You might want to remind Trump of that.
I was going to say the same thing.
Ahem, you forgot to "at" @realDonaldTrump & @POTUS in your tweet, buddy.
I'm sure that was an oversight for @SenToomey. 
Isn't it always?
Okay - then have Tillerson accept the 80 million to counter Russian disinfo that he won't accept because it will 'make them upset'...1/
Or how about we not gut the State Dept?  How about you get the House to stop blocking a vote for an independent commission so we can...2/
...protect ourselves in the future? How about you not defund the EAC in charge of voting integrity? How about you actually work to...3/
...combat Russian meddling that is HAPPENING RIGHT NOW on Trump's behalf?  How about you actually look into our crappy voting systems...4/
...that hackers exploited w/in hours at DEFCON?  How about you get POTUS to DENOUNCE Russian and maybe admit they are an issue?...5/
How about you investigate why House Republicans block any real attempts to actually launch Russian investigations?  How about you...6/
...formally ask for Kushner's sec. clearance to be revoked since he LIED MULTIPLE TIMES about Russian contacts/bus on legal forms?...7/
...how about you formally ask for Nunes to be investigated for obstructing stunt to block Yates testimony or the fact that a Nunes' aide..8/
Then do something about his BFF Tillerson and muppet Trump?
Okay. Tell Trump.
