Announcing this at  last minute and holding it when people are at or heading home from work. Seems like you don't want ppl to participate!
Pat Toomey, the telemarketer Senator.
thanks for 27 hours notice!!!  You are the worst!  You host plenty of event for big money donors!  Never for the people!!
No to Gorsuch. No to nuclear option.
We want to see you in person in Pittsburgh!
.@SenToomey Glad you’re doing this but this is not good enough. Plan one in Philly during recess. This is your job.
Hope you will take many questions and give direct answers. Please don't use up precious time with long rhetorical non-answers & platitudes!
How about a real townhall?
Can't look people in the eye, eh? Not surprised.
No updates on your Facebook page, will you listen to us this afternoon? I'm betting unforeseen events are more reliable than you.
COWARD - can't face we constituents, can ya? COWARD!!! @SenToomey #Toomey
still hiding here's the question for your fake town hall: $143,000 from Comcast to sell our private info WHY? #onthetaketoomey
That's NOT a town hall.  I hope you are not leaving the country during the recess so you can avoid us...Rep. Kelly did...
Can you read all of these comments and not feel even an inkling of guilt or shame?
Could you make it clearer you don't care about working people? First, no in person town halls, then a tele "town hall" at FIVE pm 
If your teleconference is anything close to your interview yesterday, No one needs to waste any time listening to what you have to say
We have a right to speak to you in person. You work for us.  We want s town hall.  If @SenBobCasey can do it, you can as well.
Stop calling this BS a "town hall." Literally the exact opposite of a town hall.
A tele-town hall! You've really hit on something! It's a great way to work in the words "town hall" w/o actually facing your constituents.
Prepare for very angry and very disappointed voters. This is inexcusable. You've lost my vote
Please provide tele-townhall details via Twitter as not everyone is on FB. Also, why not send details to your email list subscribers?
Next town hall needs to be live! Do you support Trump releasing taxes?
No such thing as a townhall without town . Let my people speak!!
You can be sure you'll be getting an earful about #Gorsuch and the #NuclearOption.
Almost amazing how everyone (trolls) posting on your Twitter stream has the exact same post history... 
How is it trolling to ask our Senator to hold a townhall?

No, I'm legitimately asking, what about the request is trolling? If it is, I'd like to know so I stop.
You don't care about people at all!!!  You only have fake town halls during the middle of the week in the middle of the day.
Shame on you for being a rubber stamp and a partisan hack!
Wouldn't it be great if we could all tele-do our jobs?
Well, its a start. I dont use fb, but at least some people will get through.
Are you running against a telephone next election?
Why don't you host an in person?
Voting for the nuclear option will alienate me to never vote Republican again. Our democracy is worth more than Neil Gorsuch!
It's a good time when most people are commuting home from work. Excellent time choice.
Still afraid the speak to constituents in person I see. #shameonyou
You should show up in person.
Don't think for a minute we don't see what your doing here with your 5 pm on a workday, less than 24 hour notice lame tele conference
What about a real town hall at a time when  constituents can come?  This is ridiculous.
Since you already gave an out I bet it doesn't happen #TheResistance
First Town Hall in PA since 2013. You can bet you will be seeing a lot of angry people.see you tonight
No offense senator but ur, screened question, "tele-town hall" nonsense isn't cutting it. Perhaps I misunderstand do we PA residents pay u/1
less than @SenBobCasey or less of ur benefits, etc? Pretty sure we also pay for several offices & employees. How about visiting them or /
finding nearby venues to meet face to face? No, I suspect the reason u hide is that ur buy in DC taking care of biz for ur donors with /3
lifetime SCOTUS justice that plagiarized his writings for a Pres who himself, his WH & campaign staff r under FBI investigation Ur a fraud/6
So you're going to literally be phoning it in? Way to avoid getting booed by all the angry citizens
Will you bring your laptop so we can give you a few bucks to check out your browser history?
I'm sure its a tele-hall because you've been bought again and don't want to hear the people you represent.
Your constituents want to meet with you in person - and with more than 24 hrs notice, so working people can plan ahead! #RealPA 18062
Another sterling moment for @SenToomey, up there with courageously endorsing Trump minutes after it was clear he'd won. Sad. Failing. 15206
How about one in person in #Philly? Scared of your own constituents much? Tele-town hall is a cop out.
Going to allow non-prescreened callers with actual questions and concerns? #coward
How do we get your salary revoked?
Your already making excuses for why you might cancel. What BS. These gestures r not transparent & u only answer ? U want to answer. F U!
What about a real in person town hall?  Scared?
Thanks Sen Toomey for representing PA. Most of us (see 11/8/16) agree that you are fighting for us every day. Much appreciated.
I hear congress has a vacationed planned? Leave on the 7th and don't come back until the 24th? #doyourjob #draintheswamp #shameoncongress
wow thanks for nothing #coward why not host a real town hall? You have no courage to do the right thing or represent us fairly
I suppose you can hide out 5 years until your term is almost up and then start to face your constituents.
Thanks not acceptable. You will be on break soon. why not hold a live, in-person REAL town hall??
show us your face, coward.
This is a way for you to totally control the message. As a reminder, I am going to do everything in my power to make sure you are unelected.
Lets do a live town hall with advance notice!
wow. thanks. i'm underwhelmed by your interest in your constituents. why can't you face the people you are supposed to represent?
How about full details now? Heaven forbid  you should help your constituents be prepared. (We will be anyway, wink wink!)
Have a town hall in Philly area. Show up in person! I'll be there.
K, to be clear, we very much want you to move away from the nuclear option. In case you haven't checked your messages.
Want a real one, ya coward!
it's a start, thank you
thanks for the 22-hour notice with no details - great constituent service!  I'll spend tomorrow tracking your social media to find out.
How about an in-person town hall, or are you just scared to witness the will of the people?
The responses to your tweets, not one positive comment. How hated you are ! You ignore us, a rubber stamp of Trump and his filth!  Shame!
If it's a tele then there is no reason for you not to attend. I'm sure you can step away from a meeting to give your 15 seconds to us
Will it be more than 45 minutes long and contain difficult (not pre-screened) questions?
Or people who want to the truth
Coward!  A tele-town meeting is not good enough and you know it. Let me guess, Senate business will come up and cancel it
Your constituents want to meet with you in person - and with more than 24 hrs notice, so working people can plan ahead! #RealPA 17011
It's really not that hard to schedule something. Talking to your constituents is literally part of your job.
I assume "before hosting a series of in-person town halls to speak with my constituents while in recess" exceeded 140 characters?
Don't waste your time with these fake trolls. you are a target  of the paid DNC operatives... 
What does "unforeseen Senate business" consist of?
You better be passing Trumps agenda thats why you won!!
What about in person, like during a Senate recess?  Like everyone else does?
I'm not interested in wasting my time. Hold an in-person town hall and I will be there. Tele-town halls are a total joke.
This isn't a Town Hall. This is some drivel meant to fulfill the absolute lowest standard of engagement with the dirty masses b4 vacation.
@SenBobCasey got time
Too afraid to face us. Sad. 19333
Come on Pat, you don't expect us to settle for that. You OWE us a face-to-face meeting. Answer our questions!!!
You can get to the southern border of PA in only a few hours from D.C.  Come on up.  You can easily visit a few places during your break
No guts then?
We want to meet you IN PERSON!! Stop hiding Senator.
And the information won't be posted here?
TELE-TOWN HALL? buck bagock buck buck
Full details need to include IN-PERSON TOWN HALL. Not your cowardly tele-mendacity sessions. Put on your Depends and your big-boy pants.
Wow, what's next an invite only town hall?
Baby steps I guess.
Again, the failure to muster courage and face constituents. You are a shameful puddle of warm piss.
I see you've given yourself an out with "unforseen Senate business". Show up or resign. #NoConfidence
This is...
(That being a garbage fire). It's horrible you won't talk to real Pennsylvanians, I call your 3x a week asking for a REAL town hall
Very sad that you are affraid to meet your constituents! Grow a pair and meet with us.
Guess you can't hold a real town hall because you'd actually have to face and listen to your constituents.
Please just vote "No" or Gorsuch
Scared to meet in person! Chicken!
You left out "in person." And don't think we don't notice the cancellation excuse in the announcement. #realPA
Could you also post details on Twitter?
They call these conference calls. Not a town hall.  I bet everyone's the line will be 'muted'.
#VoteNoToGorsuch
You should probably give us more of a heads up than a couple of hours. Jesus Christ.
Telephone Town Hall, AKA ...speech. #boycott . I refuse to give you an audience until you give us one.
Why not in person? You afraid of hearing the truth from your constituents?
Face your constituents. In person. #wherestoomey? 15217
Why not do a real town hall meeting. And not just one which is tentative, remote and easy for You and planned for the last minute.
Tele-conference because you're afraid to actually appear in front of the constituents you betray.
Great! 24 hour notice!  That's better than last time.  How about in person???
@LindseyGrahamSC handled his Town Hall like an adult. deal with your constituents: listen and defend your positions. You are weak
That's not a real town hall. You should make time for a real town hall.
Tele towns are not enough! Put the time in face to face! Or are you 
Tele town hall? What are you afraid of Senator? Facing the fact that you serve corporate interests before your constituents?
That's not a Town Hall.
COWARD
How do I get access
You are a coward to not meet face to face with your constituents!  We deserve better than YOU!  @indivisibleccpa @IndivisiblePHL
Excellent way to avoid facing your constituents, sir.

Your courage is an inspiration to all Pennsylvanians!
Where are you Patty?
Nope you are off for 2 weeks we want a townhall, I'll drive to any location!!
It's a shame that you're afraid to actually meet your constituents.
You're not good at representation. Well, at least not of your Constitutional constituents.
That's not a Town Hall!!! It's you making a speech about how you will do what you want!!
Swing and a miss, #ToomeyTheTool. Why not have an in person town hall, when your constituents AREN'T WORKING.
#NoGorsuch
Too busy selling that cable company money to come home...
Wow, how brave of you.
The senate is in recess next week. What a great time to hold an IN PERSON town hall. You bring you and I'll bring all of us.
I hear congress has a vacationed planned? Leave on the 7th and don't come back until the 24th? #doyourjob #draintheswamp #shameoncongress
Thoughts on the Gorsuch plagiarism allegations?
LOL
Way to "face" your constituents. #coward
Please schedule a public event next week. Your constituents deserve to see you in person.
We insist you appear, soon,  at a true town hall, Senator. 19462.
Afraid to show up in person???? Maybe if you offer him a 5-figure check????
Using big brother tactics with your constituents won't buy you another term.
Why not have one in person? What are you afraid of?
More than 30 minutes notice this time. Thank you!
You misspelled "in-person".
Perfect.
