Isn't a big part of your bill phasing out federal funds so that states can "pay their fair share" (since the rich clearly can't)?
How do you expect PA will make up the difference, exactly? Or are you just creating a problem that @GovernorTomWolf will have to solve?
Medicaid should be available for anyone who legitimately qualifies for it, with no caps. 1/2
We pay enough in taxes to fund YOUR fully funded & continually raised salary/pension/expenses/healthcare. We can certainly fund Medicaid.2/2
#WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall #WeWantATownHall
the illusion of Medicaid consumng more...Put anothr way, U can manipulate pple in2 believing whatver U want if U know stats bettr than them
You want to cut taxes for rich people at the expense of poor people, not fix healthcare. At least you admitted as much. 15025
#WorseCare
So why is Sen Pat Toomey eager to put more of Medicaid funding cost on states? Because he wants to cut taxes for the rich!
Exactly how much money did you take from the health care and big Pharma industry?
#Medicare4All or a total national healthcare IS #BETTERCARE, not ur ref to #Trumpcare
So... if Medicaid is growing as a share of state budgets, the solution is... to increase the share paid by states????
Sorry @mediapanews I have to unfollow. Too many political posts for everybody's hometown.
Senator how about a townhall and working with the other party to find a sustainable answer.  Sick of your backroom dealing.
Only 62 likes for this and you think this is a plan? I am betting all the likes came from you and your staff! Cut your salary and benefits
Again? What is happening to ALL aspects of the state's budgets? If State spending is dropping across all other sectors, then it creates...
Here is a thought.  Let's get the rich like Trump to lose their tax loopholes and we could create a surplus.   Hmmmm.
BUT YOUR BILL PASSES MORE OF THE FINANCIAL BURDEN OF MEDICAID ON TO THE STATES!!!!!!!!!
Crazy idea: have a discussion. Healthcare in this country is more expensive than anywhere else....why? $.  Solve that, solve healthcare.
Where's the piece of the graph that goes out another 10 years? Statistics are easy to prove whatever theory you chose to follow
PA voters might disagree with you. Shouldn't you talk with us through an in-person open town meeting? Your vote should reflect our needs.
Meet us in person at a town hall !
This is true - however BCRA won't do that (unless states plan to cut Medicaid benefits of course)
You don't provided "better care" by raiding Medicaid and giving billions in tax cuts to the wealthy. You are full of bcrap.
Are you kidding me? These are the people that voted you in! You promised not to touch there money! Let's cut your salary, or your job!
But wait. You said you were not "cutting" Medicaid, just the federal funding & states would make up dif. See we listen, even if you don't.
This bad healthcare bill damages Medicaid and costs almost everyone huge raises. Access will be draconian.
Your bill makes it worse as block grants/caps don't begin to fund Medicaid at ACA levels. You're deliberately misleading voters.
This chart is not correct and surprised you don't know that. I have already seen the corrected graph. Why do all Republicans lie?
Nobody want your plan Toomey ... back to the drawing board or watch your party go to their demise.
With your plan the majority of Medicaid funding will fall on the state and further burden the tax payers.Grandma tossed out of nursing home
don't give tax breaks to upper 1%
Then Don't give the most wealthy a tax break!!!!  Please care about the immediacy of the problem! You are sounding a death knell!!
You and your party are the sleaziest used car salesmen in the world.
If Medicaid is consuming state budgets, then push for the federal government to pick up the tab! Don't push more to the states.
I am confused, some GOP claim we should push to States, while you say it is bad.  I bet some hearings would help clarify.
The Senate plan will cut Federal funding, meaning that Pennsylvanians will have to pay MORE through our state taxes.

You are hurting us.
Or we could implement universal Healthcare like every other industrialized country, you coward! #wheresToomey meet with ur constituents!
Is this how you are justifying Medicaid cuts to PA?  Seems to me you should have your state's budget in mind.  Plan to blame star?
State
And in the midst of that you support tax cuts to the wealthiest Amercians.  Where is your conscience??
Medicaid must be cut to make it viable? So what should we do to that bloated defense budget to keep it viable?
The only ones losing healthcare are those that choose to lose healthcare. I pay for my own, you pay for your own.
Exactly. Cut out those abusing the system.
It's consuming state budgets!?!  You yourself said the goal was to have states pay 56%!!!  How is that #BetterCare?????
It'll only get worse for states with the #BCRA
check out MACPAC link for more infohttps://www.macpac.gov/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/MACStats_DataBook_Dec2016.pdf
Your logic on having the states pay their fair share will only drive states into a huge deficit they can't afford.
Answer the phone
Mr Toomey, where were you? The Rep party has had 7 years to come up with a plan. So far, you have offered nothing but a tax break for the 1%
Won't your bill increase the amount of Medicaid paid by the states making state budgets worse? Legit don't understand your point. #worsecare
so your answer is to take the money & dump the whole thing on the states?  Is avarice covered?  Happy 4th!
WTF? How long have you been a senator? You're just now noticing this???
Do you mean talk, collaborate, add needed benefits, trim fat. This could cost some but benefits many and helps those that have challenges.
NY HC thanks to Pataki covers all-ck it out-btw trump got u elected u should respect his side-Mica attacked him n his manhood-u give-u get!
how much rent are we paying for your new office in old city the very high rent district in Philly. ?
You're an immoral liar who'll be directly responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPDestroyingAmerica
How about donating the rest of your huge salary and benefits to bring the # down pat, you're supposed to be a civil servant .
Delete your account.
Just stop pretending you care about your constituents. We see you.
Please vote no on any bill that harms the disabled, the elderly, pregnant women and their infants, the poor.
GOP = gen·o·cide
ˈjenəˌsīd
noun
the deliberate killing of a large group of people, especially those of a particular ethnic group or nation.
Lying coward. Who owns you? Clearly not Pennsylvanians.
Something is really wrong when over 60% of an avg state budget is determined by Fed govt. That was NOT intended.
Maybe imagine that you care about the people you would kick off Medicaid. Perhaps think of them as people with lives instead of #s
How did you grow up without learning empathy?
So I know, give a huge tax cut. That will help right? That seems to be your logic
@SenToomey @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr please reflect on "Father forgive them for they know not what they do"
REAL Congressman: Check out @RepJoeKennedy's Tweet:
No one should have to choose btwn child care + doctor visits. But that's the kind of impossible choice #Trumpcare will force on families. 
How many of the top 400 families who will get the ginormous tax cut live in PA?  Enough to get you reelected?
Translation=While government money, comes from AMERICAN TAXPAYERS, we're working hard to take away their healthcare.
#Toomeytheterrorist
Toomey wants to poison the environment and then take away our healthcare so we die sooner. #terrorist
Steal from the middle class give to the rich that own you. Your time in office is short unless you change your ways
I have a good idea. Universal Healthcare. If it was you or your family that your plan hurt you would see it differently
Healthcare reform does not = medicaid reform. Stop the spin. Stop it...you are taking healthcare away from poor people and they will die.
We didn't re-elect you to replace the ACA with something worse. BCRA is a bad bill
I read the BCRA...any way you spin it, the bill hurts those on Medicaid. Seriously impacts PA since we are one of the oldest states.
...GET OFF TWITTER -- GET TO A TOWN HALL !!
You're literally trying to make this worse
Think again Pat! People need Medicare. Yep they NEED it. My mom needed it to get the care she needed. I vote. I don't like you
Vote NO on cuts to Medicaid!!
You don't know jack, do you?
I'm guessing that tax cuts for the very few are more important than the many. I guess that is what Christianity is to a few. #Resign
Leave it alone, Senator. We will vote you out. Watch us.
We have the ACA Pat.  Medicaid has helped millions.  Stop spewing your lies.
This "better care" bill is just a tax cut for the wealthy paid for by massive cuts to Medicaid. #reality
#BetterCare is to remove conservatives from healthcare. Womens reproductive care should be covered and not exempt .
Keep funding as is from the federal govt. U work 4 us. Lower presc. drug$!!! No lifetime limits, pre-existing conditions, high risk pools!!!
Universal healthcare now. Every other advanced country on the planet can figure this out. If you can't, maybe we should outsource your job.
Please don't hurt the innocent people. It's not their fault they were born poor or sick. 
Since you actually believe the BRCA is a health bill why don't you tell the 62% of PA elderly in nursing homes you will throw them out.
change the name to looney!
Which staffer told you to start using twitter?
perhaps we should reform the military budget which consumes more than 50% of our budget.And we should take care of our own citizens
UNIVERSAL, SINGLE-PAYER HEALTH CARE.
If it's such great care, why does the bill exclude Congress? You're not just a hypocrite you're a craven shameless liar. #CINO
So cutting federal funding & making states pay more is going to solve it? Or just letting people die? #BloodOnYourHands #CINO
You are bought and owned by the likes of DeVos and the Koch Brothers. Corrupt. Care about your constituents!
#Toomey4Sale
@C_Garthwaite  The Money comes from The People. It should be used for The People not for insurers, donors and regressive policy.
SO why are you pushing more costs of Medicaid in to states as part of #Trumpcare? Disingenuous comments meant to #distract us from your role
#BetterCare 
Brought to you by the Ministry of Truth...

#ACA #AHCA
This is my biggest concern.  By cutting fed funds states will have to make hard decisions and Medicaid is no longer guaranteed.
Save lives. Stop trumpcare.
You should control cost of medicine and procedures. Japan's 1 payer system costs 9% of GDP compared to USA 18%. Oh, raise taxes on rich.
You are an ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE.
So start negotiating with Big Pharmacy a generic that's years old shouldn't have the co-pay go up 500% overnight
Explain exactly and specifically how it helps a female cancer survivor 50-something who makes < 30K a year in chronic pain (best friend)
Reformed yes, not cut. But then again the Republican solution is to cut everything, provide nothing.
have   doctors   low   their   rates    because   doctors    charge   too  munch   for  office   visit    thats   probelm start  with them
If this impacted you or your family, I bet you anything you would take a different position. This is a Tax bill intended to help the wealthy
When are you holding a face-to-face town hall meeting snowflake
Guys! He had an invitation only town all on tap in ABC studio in Harrisburg on July 5 at 7pm.  I assume he will tell us why we're wrong. 
So if you stand behind this bill, how about you and your pals in Congress cancel your exemption and have the same healthcare we have to?
Why are you not committed to the state?
Last plot you showed was a complete LIE! So I'm not inclined to believe this. Children will die b/c ur rich friends "need" a tax break. F U
And how exactly do you plan to do that without screwing over the lower and middle class? This is your cover to give more tax cuts to $$$
If you are sensing that the people are PISSED.  Believe it.  We have good reason.  It's our lives and health you are tossing aside.
Your constituents are STILL waiting for you to meet them in a town hall.  How many meetings have you had with the KOCH brothers?
GOP has done NOTHING to address rising costs of health care and elder care. NOTHING.  GOP cuts will throw aging people into the streets.
so why does GOP REFUSE to allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices?
I have an idea! We could increase revenue by fairly taxing the super-rich. CRAZY.
What you propose is not reform. It is destruction of #Medicare in the guise of #BetterCare. Less $ 4 care, more $ 4 rich Americans. #Resist!
so why isn't the GOP looking at ways to make elder- and health- care less expensive? Pricing people out is NOT a solution & it's IMMORAL.
much MORE so with #BRCA ... the immoral bill that under funds care of the aging in order to enrich YOUR wealthy donors. Corruption!
Advocate healthy living + support programs 2 motivate people 2 be healthy is what our gvrnmnt should do 4 the future.  Healthcare 4 all now!
Where does your funding come from? Who pays your salary? Who donates to your campaign funds? Which #Koch Bros do you call daddy?
0cut for wealthy! Children &able-bodied adults eligible for insur but not medicaid$ unless they work full-time &poor. Poor senior get $ help
When and where will you be holding a town hall meeting to discuss this, Senator? You need to hear your constituents' ideas & opinions.
Let's reconsider our priorities when making a budget. Close the loopholes that provide corporate welfare to billion $$ multinationals.
The whole budget needs to be REFORMED starting with wasteful defense spending that lines contractors' & suppliers' pockets.
What we really need is a complete overhaul of health care by way of a single payer system. Denying coverage to millions is not the answer.
Leave Medicaid alone! We need to reform Washington & get rid of ALL you bums
Single payer. Look north and figure out how the rest of the world does health care
Because, money you're cutting Medicaid so that you can give tax breaks to the rich. #GOPRectalFlambe
Perhaps but I don't trust you so leave it be. U sold my Internet Privacy for $150000.
I want to recommend the #bettersenator hashtag with the hope that we can either repeal or replace @SenToomey
Town Hall or Bust.
. @SenToomey hates the elderly, children, the poor, the people of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania...
By reformed you mean tax cuts for the wealthy. Stop trying to obfuscate. Just say what you really mean, Pat.
Whatever you do- check your facts. Do NOT believe the Senator's fancy graph.
And you must be replaced to provide #BetterRepresentation
Bite me! So don't give the tax cut to billionaires!
So the cuts will help save the program, but lead to the deaths of the poor and the lining of rich pockets.
Get the government out of health care and let the insurance companies manage it.
Toomey: "Medicaid must be reformed in order to give tax breaks to my wealthy donors."
Right, so let those pesky Medicaid patients die. They're just taking too much of the Federal & state tax money they paid in to.
I see where you support repeal and fix in a year. You know that will never happen you are just kicking the problem down the road.
How about you do something to control costs instead of cutting coverage. Show that you care more about Pennsylvanians than Big Pharma.
*still hasn't had a town hall meeting but expects residents of PA to follow him*
You stay silent about basically everything, but won't stop tweeting about your awful tax break for the rich, A.k.a. the GOP healthcare plan
Why do u support the $33 Bn in tax cuts for 400 ultra-rich Americans in ur Health Care Rape Bill?  They can afford it, not PA taxpayers.
Too bad your white male gang of 13 did nothing to REFORM it. Cutting does not equal reform.
You mean "NO CARE," not "better care! Your proposal leaves 22 million high and dry. You don't care because the GOP is the party of the rich.
How do you intend to help the elderly on Medicaid. They can't work from their nursing home bed. Or the Vets. Death panels for the poor. Sad.
Please just stop.
With @SenToomey 's bill PA would face a 37% decrease in federal funds shifting the burden to the state. How does this help Pennsylvania?
It used to be Senators tried to bring fed $$ into a state.  How old fashioned.
Because dom.,they honestly care only with filling there pockets on the backs of taxpayers struggling to survive.
you're matching the cuts to Medicaid for the poor with tax cuts for the rich. You're unsustainable to our fiscal future.
Someone brings up a great point- I think we're seriously at a point of no confidence in you. I'm concerned for your mental health, actually.
How do I get an invite to this invite only "town hall"? Your cowardice is only matched by your complicity.
Wait, wait- it's consuming state budgets, but you wanted to put more of the program on states... Pat, that's absurd. Literally absurd.

So demolishing it altogether is your solution? Don't need Trumpcare but millions do & unlike you, many care about our fellow Americans!
Then reform the program don't repeal.
I think you need to be reformed.
You are WRONG..You only want a tax cut for http://yourself.You  could care less about the working poor or middle class.DONT SUCK UP 2 DJT
So you're going to vote for the bill that over 75% of your constituents don't want.  Reform and cutting budget are not synonymous.
So, reform by throwing people off of it?
FYI! Everyone deserves #BetterCare not just rich and able bodied #SinglePayerNow @AdamBercosky
if #Medicaid is consuming "state budgets" why are you putting more burden on them to care for their citizens?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid 
https://twitter.com/johnarnoldfndtn/status/880416978472755201 …
Funny how I don't remember reading a tweet in support of Toomey. @SenBobCasey at least gets half-support, half-bashing. You get  % bashed!
Let's have hearing and debate on this Senator to get to the truth. Be the voice of the people instead of relayer of false statements.
This is who would suffer if you cut Medicare. As a catholic I don't know you support cutting it when you know who will be affected
You keep tweeting this shit. Have a whopping 17% in agreement with you.
Then stop giving billions of dollars to the ultra rich and fund Medicare the way it needs to be funded.
I may not have gone to Harvard but I know you don't reduce income to fix a financial problem
When are you retiring?
#toomeytownhall
Just so you know...and I will be working hard to make sure others are with me!
