We're on a mission to save lives from gun violence. Stand with us and show the #CourageToFight for a safer future. https://giffords.org/  
Crickets Pat.  When will you co-sponsor laws, hold hearings on this.  Laws only weakened since Columbine, Virginia Tech, Sandy Hook....
San Bernardino, Aurora, Orlando, And Las Vegas.  You.......taxes only priority.
Not the Federal Gov job 2take our self-defense from US but neighbors being observant. See a loved one or neighbor behaving madly get help
SenToomey don't fall 4the Liberal Ideal that U can KNOW the MIND of ANYONE! We R a Country w MANY NRA Law Abiding ppl C the GOOD vs Troubled
Simple. Reform the NRA, donate their money to anti violence charity, and resign in disgrace, so that common sense can return to govt.
Mentally ill? Trump eliminated the checks done by SSDI for that purpose. Were you with your big dinors that day?
Since when are the rights of citizens to bear arms more important than life, liberty & pursuit of happiness? Just because NRA says so??
CDC studies show up to 3 MILLION defensive gun uses per year compared to ~8,500 homicides. Guns protect FAR more people than they kill in US
Remember guns sometimes make people criminals. Las Vegas shooter was a law-abiding citizen until he opened fire.
Gee.   Ya think?????     That's why you make the big bucks.
I hope #Trump has no access to guns.  He falls under the mentally ill.  #OurRevolution #Resist

This post is infuriating. Toomey voted to allow potential terrorists on the no fly list to buy guns https://twitter.com/sentoomey/status/920436906923626496 …
One thing to tweet it & quite another to fight for it on the Senate floor.
Wrong!
Sen Toomey put your money where you mouth is and help pass sensible gun laws and give back NRA money. You are a hypocrite.
@GabbyGiffords If you're so interested in saving lives, Take your crusade to the streets of Chicago ? It doesn't fit Dem agenda HYPOCRITE!
Reintroduce your gun safety bill.
So why did you vote to allow people on the no fly list to have guns?
Liar
Why did you vote to allow those on Do Not Fly List to be able to purchase guns? #hypocrite
Weird. Didn't you vote to allow potential terrorists on the no-fly list to buy guns? (Yes, yes you did.) And the mentally ill? (Yes again.)
your votes are inconsistent with this statement
Yes finally something we can agree on. What actions are you working on?
You're on mission of revenge and self-pity. Get a life. If you want to save lives stop the criminal underworld of gun selling and check liberals closer.
So you're returning all that NRA money then?
Lip service is useless.
I'll take it.  It's something, which is more than nothing.  IF you can make it happen.
nice tweet. you or the rest of GOP actually doing anything to make this happen? or, are you just working to make more guns available?
If only you mean what you say...
GOOD THING YOU VOTED TO ALLOW NO-FLY LIST TO PURCHASE GUNS HMMMMMMM
More Americans Killed by Guns Since 1968 Than in All U.S. Wars — Combined
What about their rights @SenToomey @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Not possible, criminals for a reason, build more jails,get tougher on crimes elect better judges
@GiffordsCourage  sorry Pat we all know you are still an NR and trump puppet
You should head up NATO. No Action Talk Only. 
So stop talking BS & do something.
So you're going to actually fight against the nra? Somehow I doubt that.
And what are you doing to further that aim?
Law abiding citizens until they fire a gun. More people die from gunshot in 2yrs than died in 10+ yrs of Vietnam War. Look it up
Yes, keep guns away and approve early release for nonviolent druggies so they can murder another innocent person.
By work do you mean sponsor legislation, hold hearings and push for a vote?  Otherwise as meaningless as your thoughts and prayers
It’s about time. You WOKE now Pat?
Wow..way to tweet looking like you  care.
See you at the gun show. I am bringing a busload of crazies with$$ to burn. You're too weak to do anything, sen.9 toothless
Call me skeptical
Why not get your @GOP colleagues to stop feeding from the @NRA funding trough? There's little "well regulated" in the current state.
Hope you're sincere about this. Time will tell. 18974
You just voted to allow mentally ill people to purchase guns! What the hell are you talking about now? Make up your mind!
& the dangerously mentally ill.
 Yes tell Secret Service to keep an eye on the @POTUS
I hope that you follow through. It seems the least we can do, and I do mean the least, but it is a start. Please stand up to the NRA.
You're not doing anything productive. Your silence on the madman in the White House is all the evidence. Complicit.
FINALLY something I can get behind. Thank you @SenToomey, fight like hell. Sensible gun laws are all most are asking for.
Don’t believe this lying coward. He will do NOTHING to offend the NRA or the Koch brothers #KochSucker #NRApuppet
Prob right - hope you’re wrong. I’d like to believe there is at least one good he does...bc so far . Time will tell.
Put your money where your mouth is. Or does the NRA own that?
You voted "yea" on House Joint Resolution 40, my dude
So the majority of the GOP leadership, the Administration, and Uncle Donny as they are dangerously mentally ill.
I have ways to keep all the US&world safe&happy&it all hinges on vegetarianism-so join me OR=God sees that you want murder&suffering in life
Keep on protecting the murderers, you're no better. You don't care about your constituents only what the NRA tells you what to do. #QUIT
Pretending to have guns for a supposedly safe&reasonable group, while preventing some 'dangerous' group is like controlling who breathes air
God helps people of all faiths&backgrounds&we must help ourselves-first, stop murdering animals for food or human suffering never ends-truly
The devil isn't just a lone figure who stalks you-he tempts you to let him in, like with meat&guns&sex&$$&then, you can't see/think straight
Stop eating meat&the fear&hate&crime&danger&everything bad will end, or else you'll all just cry&blame&suffer&rinse&repeat-listen to reason
How about domestic abusers too? #passSB501
If you eat meat&murder animals, your sense of right&wrong is way off&you can't even comment about guns, you killers-why would anyone listen?
Even if 'danger' is outside, people with God don't make short-sighted decisions that endanger themselves&others, but devilish people like to
If you allow an instrument of death to exist, YOU'RE responsible when it's twin creates that death across the world, even if owners differ
NRA PUPPET!  NO INTENTION OF DOING ANYTHING THAT MIGHT JEOPARDIZE THAT CASH FLOW.
People buy guns for supposed safety, but all the murder comes with it, in your heart&mind, wherever you go&that guarantees danger-go to God
Wow. You want to keep guns away from Donald Trump?
Try opening a window to let air in while also FULLY controlling what else comes in&see how that works-close the window on guns or get killed
When people murder to eat meat, their minds&hearts create&tolerate every disease&suffering on Earth&'gun laws' won't fix that-be vegetarian
If anyone is okay with anyone shooting someone, they aren't a law-abiding citizen&they have fear&hate from eating meat=causes all suffering
Well.regulated.militia.
true but where would it have helped ??
Anyone wanting ANY gun or weapon to exist IS a criminal&terrorist&dangerously mentally ill&I see clearly because I don't need votes-wake up!
Thank you!! Please follow through and do smtg. Anything. PA is with you.
Pat, why does anyone need a semi automatic assault rifle? Do that the NRA will keep donating to Republicans?  I have a novel idea, Town Hall
Specifically, what would you support to achieve this? Clearances, etc? Please give a little detail.
Law abiding citizens DO NOT NEED automatic weapons or stocks to make their weapons automatic.  But you won't bend on it.
Thank you @SenToomey for doing what's right.
Don’t be fooled. He voted AGAINST all gun control bills. He will do NOTHING to piss off the NRA #KochSucker #NRApuppet
Yes, and maybe keep weapons of war(assault weapons) out of the civilian population. Oh, wait: the NRA might not agree?
Are you changing your position for gun control?
You need to do more Senator. Assault type weapons should not be available to the average person & the gun show loophole needs to close.
Nobody needs assult weapons try reasonable registration laws
Where is your legislation?
Why don't you give back the money you took from the NRA???
By law abiding, are you referring to the Vegas gunman just prior to the shooting? How do you justify that?
Didn't you sign a bill allowing them to purchase weapons??? Who is running your twitter dude??
But many law-abiding citizens stop being law-abiding citizens when they shoot people. The Las Vegas shooter was a “law-abiding citizen.”
All right then, @SenToomey!!  Good job.
ps don’t scapegoat those of us who have health problems
Ban domestic abusers from buying guns
Senator, you have NEVER done anything to make us safer from gun violence. This is the BS that you spewed during campaign. It is LIES.
SHOW US YOUR COMMON-SENSE REGULATION IDEAS
Actions are louder than word,  stop whispering 
No one is buying it
Law abiding does not mean 50 guns.
All right, where’s the pod? We want our Senator back or maybe not. Well said, Senator!
What?! This coming from you!
Don't sell out the middle class on tax "reform "
You need #couragetoFight
Your record shows  more concern with the intro to your sentence than the end of it.  Good citizens won’t mind a little wait or paperwork.
Let’s have a townhall and discuss this. I have some ideas on how you can act upon this statement.
We have a right to not be shot and killed.

I'm NRA since my Col. dad took us to learn all about guns. Sharp-shooter 4th class at 12. I respect guns. Help mentally ill first and now.
Good going Pat
Words. 
Still tried to support Marino. You lied during campaign. Just another Trump lickspittle w no moral compass
@GiffordsCourage Great-- let's hear your plan.  By the way, I'm available to attend Town Halls.
And there is no need for semi automatic rifles to shoot bambi, not very sporting. Better background checks, smaller magazines.
Let's start by gutting healthcare and mental healthcare in particular in order to fund tax cuts for the super rich!
Well. I agree. But what about all that NRA money? Oh right - you're just TALKING. No action.
Mentally ill, should this not be a family issue!
You literally voted to make it easier for mentally ill on SSA disability to buy guns.
Oh yeah, that has really worked so far. Blaa blaa blaa. Meaningless words from u.
Now please live up to what you just tweeted

Senator Toomey is all for protecting "Gun Rights" but not First Amendment Rights of Players to Take a Knee. Toomey is beholden to the NRA.
Sorry contact law, in their contact, did they sign
Now if only you’d vote that way.
Does that mean Trump shouldn't own a gun?
You just voted for this in February.
Your term from this dau forward will be the hardest you experienced in life! SycophantToomey!
You won’t do a darn thing. And while I am at it is our reality. #GunControlNow
Thank you for sharing the video.  Now what bill are you pushing to make change?  Courage takes more than talking.
At least we agree one something!  Now, how about $15 min wage and universal Healthcare, so victims of gun violence don't need GoFundMe page
16509 here. I call for your resignation & you tweet something I agree w/. Thank you but I'm still angry about my #Healthcare taken away.
Did Obama lie to you too?
@GiffordsCourage I completely agree. I hope you take actual steps to make this happen. Perhaps even a town hall to discuss it.
A real town hall A large venue More than 3 days notice Participants and questions not pre-screened. Double dog dare you! Stand up for once.
Can stand up, His spine trickled down his moms leg 55 years ago.
Ok, so do something about it.
He did. He voted in favor of them getting to buy guns.
After Sandy Hook you attempted to be a positive force on gun safety.
Would be nice if you actually acted in this statement.
Or didn’t preface every gun control statement with “while protecting the rights of my NRA donations”
No disagreement here Senator. PA19525
And yet you voted to relax laws against the mentally unstable being able to get gun permits 
Don't buy this BS, Toomey has been no hero on the gun safety issue.
He was running scared once the #NRA said it would lower his NRA rating.
You seem to forget who got you back in under the wire Pat. We made you, we will break you. Stop trying to compromise with Dems.
Okay, break him please.
Explain your vote on the first bill signed by Trump that gives the right to gun ownership to people with a history of mental defect? Feb '17
Stop spreading bullshit. Trump in-did an obama EO that would’ve prevented many  SSD recipients from defending themselves.
That stat is not bs, look it up.
We have laws in place that do that.  Enforce current laws before adding more.
We can't prevent LV with one action, but background checks for all gun purchases is a good action.
What category would the Las Vegas shooter fall under?
He how do you explain this recent vote?
Barletta yesterday, Toomey today. We're represented by some duplicitous people.
Seriously! It’s like they don’t realize votes are public or something. Hey, there’s the solution- secret voting!
When you DO something, @SenToomey I will heartily  you.
Pat, how can you retweet this? Obama makes $400K per HOUR! Pennsylvania rejected  him and H last November! What is wrong with you?
Cute Russian name, comrade.
Russia much?
#liar

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
But your POTUS wants the mentally ill to have guns. MAGA!!!
people are law abiding until they're not.  the vegas shooter was a law abiding citizen until he opened fire.
Holy shit...the world must be ending. I agree with something Pat supports.
#Pennsylvania: Second Amendment Stands. #Tatiana
You're hashtagging your name? Okay. Definitely not fake.
You failed the first time. Why should we believe you care now?
First time?
His weak, for show effort after Sandy Hook.
Step 1 is to stop taking donations from the NRA.
