Pick up the phone!
DeVos paid him $60,000 for his vote. He's sold his soul (what there was of it) to the devil.
is he paying you off too, like DeVos did?
Where is your poor excuse for voting for the confirmation of DeVos?  So unqualified!
this man is not fit for Supreme Court. Hateful Christian extremist.
How much did Gorsuch pay you to write that statement? #PayToPlay #NotMySenator
need a quick confirmation.  Keep up your good work Senator!
You issue a statement right after the nomination, but can't empty the phone mailbox in your Capitol office.
ignoring PA residents! Shame!
I personally have written letters and received very quick and personal responses from @SenToomey's office.
You and Betsy. She bought quick responses.And his vote.
#DumpDevos 
#answerThePhone
#corrupt
Nope - just polite, reasonable, and looking for change.
Not knowing IDEA tenets, no knowledge of growth/proficiency, and plagiarizing? 
Devolvement.
We are #backing your nomination of Judge Gorsuch! #Great decision!
As a constituent, I ask you to oppose this backwards nomination for SCOTUS.
Has Neil Gorsuch donated money to you as well, so you'll vote for him as you did for @BetsyDeVos ? #SpinelessSenator
Since @POTUS is back on campaign trail as of this wknd It's only fair SCOTUS seat should be left for voters 2 decide in 2020. ??
which koch brother wrote it for you and how much did they have to pay you to read it.  On the take toomey. @onthetaketoomey
so Scalia Roberts et al fit deuterium of what you think is important?
Your endorsements are meaningless.  You're unethical and your votes are too easily bought with bribes. #NotMySenator
You know who else was eminently qualified? Garland. #stolenseat
Know who else was eminently qualified to make a justice pick? @BarackObama, whom the voters chose TWICE. #hypocrisy
Oh Brother.... talk about supreme court down the tubes if he got in
skipped right over the Devos confirmation in your feed huh?  $60,000 reasons why...
You had over 41,000 tweets about DeVos and deleted them. What, bad press? If you would've answered and listened we would talk.
Obstruction, remember that word @SenToomey #OurRevolution #TheResistance I am not getting paid to protest, by the way.
no to anything trump. Frauds
is it awkward knowing everyone in Philadelphia hates you
Montgomery County too.
we're waiting for your statement on #BetsyDeVos. Please, now that you've beaten writers-block, crank it out!! Hurry!
. And Sen. Toomey, make sure you explain why you would vote for DeVos when she is clearly and totally unqualified.
60 thousand in his pocket is why
Trump bans Muslims from the US & it takes Toomey 3 days to respond - Trump nominates someone to the SC, it takes him 3 minutes
ANSWER YOUR PHONE..even supports could not get them if you have Any.........your last term enjoy it!
go get  girl
I've been calling 4 of his offices every day for 10 days all voicemails full =Hiding?
me too, for weeks
Pennsylvanians, @SenToomey has told you his choice - now tell him your choice. Call (202) 224-4254 or https://www.toomey.senate.gov/?p=offices 
Toomey doesn't care what his constituents think.  Unless you can pay him off, your opinion doesn't matter to him.
you are a puppet. You don't care about our country. Think for yourself. Devos not qualified. You know that. Grow some balls man.
solid addition to the court.
I hope you like your seat right now.  I will remember you being a lapdog in 2022.  Spineless coward.
please say no to Gorsuch.  We need a centralist
where was your bipartisanship during the last presidents SC nominee? My concern...#mybodymyright
You Play for Pay.  How much cash from Betsy DeVos???  No shame.  YOU will own this.  BTW we know about Crosscheck.  YOU cheated!
think you should treat him same way you treated Merrick Garland. That would be rude and dishonorable?

He would not be a good choice.
vote no in DeVis. She knows nothing about education.
....is worthless
. @SenToomey #GarlandBeforeGorsuch #MerrickGarland is the right choice for #SupremeCourt He can sew our nation back together #Democracy
Gorsuch would not be my pick tho is qualified- as was Garland. PS- No to DeVos and Pruitt. Unqualified. Sad. 15215 consituent
WE BLAME PAT TOOMEY for VOTING FOR BETSY DEVOS and what SHE DOES to the LITTLE CHILDREN OF USA
Gorsuch is OK, but what do you say about no-qualifications Sec. of Ed. nominee Betsy DeVos? Rural PA parents don't need vouchers.
i still remember you characterizing @KatieMcGintyPA as a millionaire when you have more money.
Merrick Garland @SenToomey is the judge who deserves a hearing!
Vote no on Devos, be the independent republican you said you were instead of a handout taking republican that this country hates.
Boo-o-o-o!
Got two words for you Senator...Merrick Garland.
VOTE NO ON DE VOS
please vote no on #BetsyDeVos your constituents are watching and won't forget.
No on Devos Our system is a mess because of their billions
do not vote for Judge Neil Gorsuch
your actions show you to be just another GOP lackey. You vote as you've been paid to by your billionaire owners. Sad
Hiding from your constituents will be remembered big time at election time! Pitiful and Cowardly!
Did you have a Fascism Club in prep school too?
Constituents DEMAND investigate #illegitimate #president + #Russia BEFORE we ever vote on #trump #swamp Cabinet or #SCOTUS!
#FascismForeverClub #nothingtojokeabout #doprinciplesmatter
You mean so-called Judge Neil Gorsuch do you not?
It is a vacant seat and it has been vacant for a year. clearly we do not need a ninth justice.
It is not Antonin Scalia's seat. You are off the new message. No Ideology (cough cough)
Just wanted to make sure you knew that this GoFundMe page has succeeded in its goal to buy your vote https://www.gofundme.com/buy-pat-toomeys-vote …
PA teachers leading effort to #buyBackToomey Vote

@SenateGOP @SenateDems
Buy Pat Toomey's Vote
I am not a paid protestor, if there is a way to be paid for this let me know.  Vote no to Devos from your constituents!!
hey jackass remember when the PEOPLE elected you to vote for THEM? That wasn't so you could vote for lobbyists and your pockets
Where is your statement with logical, intelligent reasons why you ignored constituents and votes for DeVos? There are none.
do not believe you showed fairness to Judge Merrill Garland. If fact think you stiffed him Stolen Seat
stand with people and #StopDeVos there is a fund page to raise more money to surpass what DEVOS gave u. SHAME! #CountryOverParty
She's not qualified. She will hurt our children @SenTedCruz @SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain  #stopdevos
s
#DumpDevos We are real people with real minds with real concerns about real children. Not paid a penny. Just fighting for my kids
If you EVER want to get elected again you better vote NO on DeVos! The Grizzly is more competent than her. Vote wisely #DumpDeVos
Maybe we should wait, didn't McCain say if Hillary won the election we would wait four years to nominate SCJ? #OurRevolution
Only 84 Likes. NO to Betsy DeVos!! You're pa people have let you  know! Do the right thing!
you do know Gorsuch is rooted in fascism right? It's a matter of public record & knowledge. But since he's pro big business...
Gorsuch is a judicial activist; Hobby Lobby anyone? You just happen to like his form of activism. Tell the truth #makePAblueagain
#DumpDevos
say no to DeVoe
This is an unfair nomination & you know it. Garland should be there. America knows Republicans cheat.
Is anyone listening to your messages?  Devis is bad 4 schools. Please vote 4 education, not Devos.
I voted against you because of your mistreatment of Merrick Garland, and I'll work harder against you next election.
vote no to #gorsuch
Show the people of Pennsylvania that you are a man of integrity and can't be bought - vote "No' on DeVos!!!
Great!  Please fight hard for his confirmation.  Go nucular, if you have to.
how much did he have to pay you senator money grabber.
No Gorsuch. No Devos
pick up your phones. Your constituents are calling and we are not happy. Do you even care? We the people are your employers
on bahalf of all students, disgrace to our country and our people and we will not stop reminding you of it until you resign.
Why are you lying about the protestors? We are trying to save our country from Fascism. No one is paying us. #resist
Your assertion that he will treat ppl fairly regardless of sexual orientation is patently false. Vote no on Neil Gorsuch
Vote No on #gorsuch he's unqualified and ran a pro-fascist club.  He is unfit to fill the vacancy in the supreme court.
ignoring your constituents is called not doing your job. Loyalty should be to us not Party or administration! Do your job!
how can you sell out your country. You have brains enough to know these appointments are dangerous! Vote no! No to Devos! Please!
stand for America and insist the senate first give garland a hearing. Republicans blocked him for nearly a year!
yes let freedom ring!  Vote NO on Devos. Listen to PA constituents, don't listen to $55,000 from Betsy! #noDevos!!!

https://www.gofundme.com/buy-pat-toomeys-vote …
Gorusch founded a club called 'Fascism Forever' and you think he would be good for SCOTUS?
vote no on DeVos even though she gave you thousands of dollars.
Tuesday's with Toomey are going to get interesting. Vote no on #DeVos.
u caved to fascism
Senator Toomey, you are willfully dodging your constituents' calls, faxes and emails. VOTE NO ON DEVOS. 19107
if you vote yes to Devos, PA will vote you out of office.
Is marijuana legal in PA cuz you must be stoned?!
you barely won the pass election. You have practically guaranteed yourself a loss for the next one
You know he founded a fascist club and ran it in college, right? Are we a republic or not? A fox can't run the hen house.
Merrick Garland
https://www.gofundme.com/buy-pat-toomeys-vote …
Hey, you're up to $23k! Not the $55k Betsy paid for you...but we're trying.
#corrupt
#votersRemember
#stolenseat
you really don't care about your constituents.  You don't listen to our voices.  Stand up for democracy instead of rolling over
https://www.gofundme.com/buy-pat-toomeys-vote …
Sen. Toomey. If you were interviewing a candidate for staff and they plagiarized or falsified their record. Would you hire them?
#NotQualified like #DeVosnotqualified!
You know, people,if you really care about education, you got to put your $ where your mouth is:https://www.gofundme.com/buy-pat-toomeys-vote … @SenToomey
Please read about Betsy Devos & look into your  to see if she's right for education #noDevos You could do so much good
Sold yourself as a moderate and independent thinker. Only you meant independently wealthy and moderately caring.  Sad. Shame.
Judge Gorsuch is about helping big business, clearly.  Please DO NOT support this nominee.  Listen to your constituents.
I don't see a single word in your statement about Merrick Garland. Why? Do you know what "advise and consent" means?
FacismForever might've been an youthful indiscretion, but it was a telling one. It was a cnsvt time in US history and NOT due
Where have you been hiding Pat? Oh right ! In Palm Springs!!! How about answering to your constituents??? #patthepuppet
No shock there ! Are you planning on voting for Betsy DeVos ??? How PATHETIC that would be ! #kochbrotherslapdog?
Qualifications over politics? A qualified candidate was denied a hearing simply because he was nominated by Obama.
You need to reject Gorsuch. He is anti women and anti ordinary Americans. You need to be supporting our people,not lunatic Trump.

do not vote for Betsy DeVos nomination! #pa17551voter
NO ON DEVOS - quit being a spineless republican and do what's right.
Will you continue to ignore us? Will you continue to vote without hearings. Will you cont to do "Herr" Trumps dirty work?
It's obvious you care for your own paycheck and benefits, not your constituents' welfare. We'll remember this come election time!
Seriously, do you not know right from wrong?
How do you live with yourself everyday? How can you support the destruction of our planet for the benefit of rich white men.
Gorsuch is unfit to be a Supreme Court Judge - remember that Trump will not be voting in PA in the next election, but I will.
vote no to DeVos. Answer the phones.
I would like to know where you stand on the allegations he created a "facism forever" group.
bad move.
I will encourage Dem lawmakers to support Gorsuch nomination if you vote #NO to Betsy DeVos as #EducationSecretary
can't reach any office.  NO to Betsy DeVos
Do you mean the Neil Gorsuch who started paper Facism Forever in prep school?
Gorsuch does not reflect PA's interests, nor is he mainstream. Do not support this judge.
where is your statement saying how unqualified #Devos is ?
Unacceptable. Remember your blockade of #MerrickGarland?  #ResistTrump
did he also give you $55,000 in campaign contributions for your endorsement? Or is that only DeVos?
ur partisan support 4most unqualified DeVos poses fundamental question about ur commitment 2education 4students in PA n the US
So.Just to be clear. Your are willing to overlook the inexperience, incompetence, unethical traits of Devos for $60,000?Spineless
Vote NO for Gorsuch. Stolen seat. Only Garland deserves a vote. Zip code: 16803
Senator- Please vote NO to DEVOS. The People must be heard. We will be heard when it's time for re-election. #realnews
"Nuke" @chuckschumer

was this before or after he started the #fascistforever all white boy's club? #aNoForGorsuch #stolenseat
please vote your conscious... Say no to Voss
Vote NO to DeVos!
You have no balls. Take the phone off the hook because Pa does not want DeVoss. Coward
you should probably start packing your bags - PA does not need you -  You are not standing up for PA - and certainly not women
Gorsuch thinks the law should be applied as written -you think that good 
 why didn't Congress even hold a hearing on Garland
way to help destroy the country. #DumpToomey
Thank you for your commitment to the AMERICAN people!! #teamGorsuch
almost 400 responses to a single tweet in 24 hours, and not a SINGLE one in support of you! Can you feel that? #RESIGN
very disappointed with u! Senator Casey answers his phone, or got more lines, do this!
Vote NO and your conscience re #DeVos & show #TrueLeadership #YouKnowShesUnqualified
We oppose Gorsuch - a horrible nomination - please be out raged and support our cries.
Vote no on Betsy DeVos!  Support our children!  Put partisan politics aside and do what's right!
please put your country ahead of party and vote NO on Betsy DeVos...she is disgustingly unqualified. Our childirens edu matters!
Gorsuch is the wrong choice for SCOTUS, and you're the wrong choice for US Senator. Also, no DeVos.
no on DeVos!!! Shame on you! DeVos is unqualified and her $ conflicts run deep!  Our children's Edu is at stake. No on NG, too.
page  BLANK won't load  guess you got nothing to say except  yes #45. We will be saying #NOTOOMEY!
