The trees don't talk back or ask about healthcare, huh?
You're an immoral liar supporting the racist and traitor @realDonaldTrump.  Together you're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
Awesome! Can you visit Philadelphia next?
Lol nah he has no time for constituents who didn't vote for him. We don't count, in his eyes.
Just because no one has tried to recall or remove a Senator between an election does not mean it cannot be done or should not be tried.
Incorrect. There is no provision in Pennsylvania law for recalls. We'd need the legislature to pass such a law. Ain't gonna happen.
I heard that same thing when I went up against my Army chain of command and VA. You may lose but the risk lives on, I know about that.
I may not succeed, but at least I have the guts/courage to try and nothing to lose, so why not.
It's not courage to fight a battle that will outlast Toomey and is likely doomed. Better to put our efforts into finding better candidates.
Very true, but we can still put the fear of God into him while we do it.
if that's God's Country, you're out of place.
Remember the lord said it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle then a rich man to get to heaven. Don't worship money.
I'm pretty sure people wrote that. I don't think God ever said anything
It is a quote from Jesus in the bible.
Oh you mean a human being?
It's ok if you're an atheist. I have a right to my beliefs as you do yours.
How does God's Country feel about that?
I thought this is God's world....and we are ALL God's children.....even the ones that are not white.
good idea to stay away from your constituents.  Talking to the trees is playing it safe........
I know God wouldn't want you to visit. Nor would most of the people up there. I know those people you #SpinelessCoward. They'd eat you alive
Be sure to tweet us whilst visit hell
God loves Pburgh and Philly too, come visit where most of your constituents live!
God just called. He wants you to do a Townhall in Philly.
Why is it "God's" country? Why isn't it Mother Nature's country?
Next time dress appropriately.
"God's country" - Oh for fucks sake...
God made you a man with a back bone . Use it and stand up to trump. You know he's mentally ill.
Sen. Pathetic Toomey !!
are you speaking of Houston TEXAS - I hope the Texas Senators and YOU especially vote not to fund the relief - YOU are a bunch of clowns SAD
How about a townhall w/o tickets for 30 pl Not sponsored by a tv station which has rules like I promise not to stand in front of a camera
How about remove the God from the statement? Don't tweets count as official messages as per our Premier? Condone Wicca and Unitarian too!
Come visit Philadelphia and meet with your constituents!
We remember your vote on Healthcare
We remember you put profits before people
We remember your loyalty is to party over country
We remember.
Damn, are you planning on having a town hall anytime soon? In case you missed it, the country is collapsing. Just saying.
God has a pretty small country if it's only the size of a county.
Do you have consent to touch that sign, in such a way?
@SenToomey are you for Democracy or are you for Trump? There is no in between.
Trump comforts Texans and Americans with "What a crowd, what a turn out".  What the f--k is wrong with him? for the love of god!
Why don't you stay there? I'm sure they're happier with you than we are.
Sen. Toomey, I do hope you will have another Republican Senator joining you in 2018.  Barletta will be a great teammate.
Nice!
If you believe in god wouldn't all countries be gods countries?
Sorry I missed it. Could have had a town meeting.
Hiding deep in the middle.
trump puppet owned by the koch brothers
Does that mean that you're going to be on #TheWalkingDead next season?
You went to Jerusalem?
I'm surprised that sign didn't catch on fire
Yeah, let's see what it's like when your buddy Trump eliminates the EPA!  How the hell can you support Trump? Vote country, not party!!!
Oh look, he's moving! Maybe he isn't in a coma after all!

The only time you'll see it this life and next; start supporting a living wage & women's rights.  Stop the militarization of police.  #MATF
which god?
If it isn't a god of pottery I will be disappointed.
Not impressed! When will you come east and face your critics. It's easy to hang out in no mans land!
Visit a freckin face 2 face town hall
The planet is God's country. Go to Philly.
Quit!
Hi Pat! Please visit Union County next. We can have a real town hall ready for u on a moment's notice. + it's pretty here. Have u ever been?
Also, we have cool street lights and flags! Come see!
Did I mention we're in PA? Central PA. Do you know where that is? You probably don't know but some of yr constituents live here. Come visit!
Stay their
That's as close as you'll ever get - hypocrite
God you're such a schmuck
Why do you even bother to post on twitter? You have 0.0 positive comments!! Get bent!
A faithful moral ethical lawmaker wld protect our country from a corrupt unfit POTUS. 
VOTE NO to defunding the DOJ probe into #TrumpRussia!
How about The Forgotten City, aka, Philadelphia?
O
From Potter County to Potter's Field with the republiklans in charge of health care.  When's your Pittsburgh Town Hall, Toomey??
Surprised you didn't burst into flames because you are anything BUT a christian...although, you ARE a hypocrite...so you ARE a "christian."
how about you do PA a favor & just stay there. We'll be happy to send someone to DC that will actually work for us.
@TuesdaysToomey -- But can't make it to Philly, where our country was constituted, huh Toomey ?? --
Visit godless Philadelphia for god sake.
there is no god, but if there was she wouldn't like you
Guess you'd rather be doing than visiting more than 54 of your constituents. @IndivisiblePHL would like to speak with you
You're the worst.  Philly has some of the oldest churches in the country.  Why don't you visit us here?
Mt. Lebanon's nice too. Come on by my house for coffee. I might invite a few hundred of my friends though.
Toomey, you ate such a fraud, I say that because I don't trust your motives
Senator, how about appearing in a populated area of the state?
Stay.
I wonder if you can find your way into an open town hallm
What does God think of your support of a white nazi sympathizer?  What does God think about the way you treat immigrants?
How appropriate u r leaning on Mr Potter's County. Like "Its a Wonderful Life" Mr Potter.. It fits u . Too Bad u don't look like a Barrymore
Why don't you come to Chester County? This "Constituents' Country"
*This is*
Isn’t that where we all live?  Even those of us within less than an hour’s drive of Philly?
Riiight, because only rural America is "real."  Give me a break.  Compare tax revenue from PGH&Phila to rest of state.
Maybe you could visit Philadelphia some time? We're waiting. 19147.
"Senator Toomey holds townhall #75 in Potter County."
Who's god?
 Potter Co is nice, but hopefully the "god" part was as a private citizen and not in your official capacity as Senator @FFRF @aclu
Next stop - hell.
Why r u hiding up there.
Isn't that the home of PA's white nationalist movement?  Thanks Pat, always making the rest of your constituents feel special.
I notice that you are avoiding people in this picture. You don't have the guts to face us.
stay there. You aren't doing us any good in DC with all your pandering to the racist president
Stay there
Did you hold a town hall?

Trump revoked Obama's executive order on higher standards for flood protection right before #Harvey took off http://columbiaclimatelaw.com/resources/climate-deregulation-tracker/database/executive-orders/#13690 … 
you are the absolute worst.
Oh, so is Philly your next stop?
When will you be in Tioga County? I have an American Government Class that would love to meet you!
You could have them ask about things like Town Halls, and listening to one's constituents
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Let's see you pose with this one.
Perhaps you can hold an invitation only town hall there.
You're a pathetic man.

I'm honestly surprised that God wants you anywhere near His country.

Is that next to the RINO zoo?
Is that where everyone has health insurance?
No... It's where I used to run the newspaper. :-)
Just so you don't try to claim it: standing in front of a sign by yourself doesn't count as a town hall.
The rivers run but soon run dry.
We need new dreams tonight.
Burn in 
How about your townhall in he Lehigh Valley where you live?  Or Philly? 30 tickets and prescreened questions is not a townhall Senator
Why is there no one else in the picture. Did you speak with any actual humans in person?
If he met with real people that would be too close to a Town Hall
Wooden signs are much less scary.
I think the Koch brothers put a god clause into his contract. At least one mention per month on social media. Meeting quotas making $$$.
RU saying that where I live, where my family lives is NOT God's country. Are you saying that area is better than my area? #explainyourself
Yes exactly
That's photoshopped. You are hiding in an office somewhere. It would be so nice to have a senator who shows up.
Which Native American god does it belong to?
Just the one county? I personally think that Allegheny Co is at LEAST as blessed. ;)
When is your next fake townhall? #FakeGOP
