No. The GOP adversely affects lower income Americans. Let's count the ways, shall we?
1. Destroying ACA means millions w/o healthcare.
2. Refusing to reauthorize CHIP means that 9 million children and mothers lose healthcare.
3. Refusing to help PR & USVI jeopardize millions
4. Refusing to rein in Trump means his threats of nuclear war endangers hundreds of millions.
5. Ignoring climate science threatens us all.
6. Diluting Title 9 protections puts college students at great risk of sexual assault.
7. Blocking investigation of Russia interference endangers our democracy.
8. Allowing erosion of voting rights also endangers our democracy.
9. Refusing to enact gun control means that 100,000 Americans are injured every year.
10. Repeal EPA regulations increases illness and death
11. Gutting the State Dept unnecessarily endangers the lives of our armed service members.
12. Cutting medicare/medicaid will kill Americans
13. Allowing an unhinged and incompetent president to remain in office simply because it pleases your billionaire donors threatens ALL OF US
Your voting record says you mostly only care about the rich, big business, and spying on US citizens, so, why the concern?
Where did you find that? I'd love to see more. Thanks.
Sometimes Twitter doesn't leave me enough space to put a link.
Thanks. Really helpful!
Another good site.
Trump Train #MAGA
And how does your president’s actions help those people.  Taking away subsidies is going to make things worse.

You don't really beleive your statement do you. Is this statement imperial can you prove your hypothesis with fatcs?
Having to pay a tax is a result of the flaws in the ACA rather than a systemic problem. Fix not destroy!!!!
Your boy Trump took away subsidies to help these same people pay for their premiums.
Tom Cotton doesn't want to help lower income families!! Neither do you! I'm still waiting for you to defend your 'friend" Sen McCain!
It’s the law of large numbers. Why do people understand basic insurance as applied to auto insurance but not medical?!
You know the premiums are high because you guys won't work together with Dems to help a state full of different people ! Unity is needed sir
That is a blatant falsehood. Lower income Americans receive subsidies that cover all or part of premium depending on income. You know better
Wrong I didn't qualify for any subsidies at all and I ended up paying the penalty.
I’d appreciate a response. I don’t want to argue, only talk about ACA. Perhaps I’m mistaken and there’s a hole in system I’m not aware of.
You understand private insurance ONLY WORKS WITH A ROBUST MANDATE? We could get rid of it, but only with single payer.
Then scrap the tax and pay for healthcare outright. Don't limit the HC pool to those who need it most. That's not how insurance works.

Starting today, you can sign up for 2018 health coverage. Head on over to http://HealthCare.gov  and find a plan that meets your needs. https://twitter.com/getuscovered/status/925709097076449280 …
How much did some company pay U to write that statement?  U must have quite the collection of obscure brown paper bags.
All you've done is vote to take away healthcare from lower income Americans via cuts to Medicaid & Medicare & those on ACA.
Health care is a right.
a family plan for group insurance is 17k in WPA - why does a family outside a group have to pay $30 000? that is what is unfair - address!
still waiting for an answer - why is there such a difference in the premiums?  does this make any sense - won't respond can't justify SAD
Stand with Trump @SenToomey! We the people has spoken November 2016!
Lack of care also adversely affects lower income Americans. Chemo can't start without insurance- lost a good friend that way.
“Needed relief” while offering care that won’t be of use to anyone?
Tax cut for the rich does NOT help. Trickle down has failed us before.
Lower income Americans get medicaid. Don't feed us your lies.
I don't believe a word of what you say or your intentions. Your voting record speaks for itself.
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT WORKING FAMILIES! ONLY WHAT LORD TRUMP AND THE NRA TELLS YOU! #QUIT

Day 4. #GetCovered at http://healthcare.gov  and tell others about open enrollment. https://twitter.com/choo_ek/status/926472603643953153 …
Tell that to the Heritage Foundation.
Liar! Liar! Liar! We’re tired of your manipulations to get your rich friends tax reductions!
Really, so how do you explain that it doesn't adversely affect my self employed daughter? Only answer is you're either wrong or lying.
I don't know what's worse, if you're knowingly mendacious, or if you just have this poor a grasp of how healthcare works.
Low income people are given subsidies to help pay for their insurance.
Do you know how insurance works? Why are you pretending to care about the poor now? Your voting record proves otherwise. #RealPA
Stop complaining and work with Dems to repair it.
Definitely time for single payer. You're right. Good idea.
If you want to give PAians relief, support #AlexanderMurray now!
Really?  Chip? Indv mandate creates  a pool. More people. More money. ACA needs fixed. Not dumped. Trumpola is sabotaging it ~grow a spine.
Then give us a single payer system
You do understand that the mitigation of financial risk (bka insurance) requires that risk be spread over a large risk pool right? If you...
Allow more to opt out, it will simply drive up prices even more for those that remain, thus forcing more out. It's the death spiral you've
Railed against. You need to figure out a way to get everyone in that pool in an affordable way. Hint: Medicare, or medicaid.
Then fix CHIP and make single payer healthcare a reality

And then when the uninsured show up in the er where they can’t be refused treatment the taxpayers foot the bill.
Waiting until you’re sick to buy insurance is now how insurance markets work. Are you really that clueless?
That will cause all insurers to collapse. Is that your ultimate goal?
So you  really think you can require sell to all who want coverage and at the same time let people wait until their sick to buy insurance?
Gun control never works because criminals don't obey the law.
Gun control makes sure that criminals are the only ones who get guns while the rest of us are left defenseless.
Keep standing with Trump and you have my support. Make Obamacare fail because we need better healthcare.
And nothing gives lower income Americans more relief than gutting their healthcare so we can give tax cuts to the super rich.
That's funny.When needed you were in Palm Springs at a fund raiser instead of listening to voters.  How much did you get from insurance co.?
The mandate at the very least helps defray the cost of their visit to the ER where they inevitably WILL end up to get medical care!
The ACA isn't perfect. We know that. But why take away care from those that have/need by denying the subsidies? (I know you won't answer)

You want us to give to your family.  We are tired of paying Republicans to make us poorer.
Individual mandate is crucial to making healthcare affordable!  Up the subsidies, medicare for all would truly help lower income americans!
30% premium increase
Does somebody on your staff tally your tweets up? Cause you're getting murdered on here.
I can't help anyone with less money. Simple math.
Millions without health care. They aren’t forced to buy bullshit useless plans!
Eliminate the mandate!
If you are live in a state the expanded Medicaid, you can get insurance for free if you make under 138% of the Federal Poverty Level.
If Obamacare led to fewer affordable choices, how do you explain the increase in insured Americans 
So, you negotiated a bipartisan approach with a republican senator.  Disrespectful to @SenJohnMcCain who you praised yesterday.
The individual mandate keeps folks like me with insurance from subsidizing via higher bills, the folks that decide to take a risk
Drive a car, have insurance. Why is this so hard to understand.  Hospitals must treat those in ER.  "Freedom" is BS if ER used as safety net
That is called being an irresponsible leach.

My statement on the Alexander-Murray deal. 
https://www.americanprogress.org/press/statement/2017/10/17/440974/statement-caps-topher-spiro-alexander-murray-deal/ … 
You're a terrible American & an awful human being. You're hurting the very people who put you over the top last cycle. You should be ashamed
Resign. Now.
You're lying again, and you're not fooling us. The ACA is a life saver to millions, stop the sabotage, make it better!
How about addressing the problem of the distribution of wealth in this country? 
What American families need is for you so called politicians, filthy protectors of the plutocracy abolished.
Get rid of the Obama bill and you wouldn't have to 
Soon they won’t have coverage and their rates will be zero... maga indeed
U care nothing about lower income people or u wouldn't have voted for the last two GOP bills that failed. Lies!
No, the individual mandate ensures that healthy, young ppl buy healthcare, which is key to plans surviving. Stop lying.
when it comes to HC you do not know what you are talking about! insurance premiums must cover the cost - and it is expensive - not cheap!
any family with a cancer patient would be bankrupt- and a good insurance plan needs to cover preexisting conditions - VERY EXPENSIVE!
and just as with auto insurance - you must have it to drive!  everyone should have to buy insurance for HC because you WILL get sick or hurt
Two lying political suck-up clowns who couldn’t manage a lemonade stand are off to help billionaires and screw everyone else
They still want to repeal the taxes on the wealthy that help pay for health insurance.
My ACA coverage is great. I went to an advisor and she was very helpful. 
http://Healthcare.gov 
Bullshit. What you want is to force people to choose between poverty and death.
You and Tom Cotton want to be rich and let everyone else fend for themselves.
Liars just like 45.  You senators were sent to work 4 the people and instead you only work for the 1%! Can’t wait 4 the blue wave in 2018!
Removing the individual mandate does nothing to reduce prems or help working Americans. Medicare buy-in option would! Or regs on big pharm..
Not a single positive comment Patty Cake, you know why? Because you only won by 2% twice, you bought your seat, we're going to take it back
Step right up and buy this cheap worthless policy written in South Dakota
How about you pretend healthcare is really gun control....that way you'll leave it the hell alone

NO #TOOMEYCARE or #trumpcare
You don't understand how insurance works, do you, Senator?
Senator I don't think you understand how insurance works.
You are a LIAR
Liar and what you want to do is bring back junk insurance not cover pg and pre existing conditions so quit sending fake caring
Not one reply believes or agrees with you. A coward hides behind an intern's tweets, afraid to face his constituents in a real town hall.
Wow. Nevermind spiking on CSR payments would drive overall market cost up. Are you cynical or ignorant?
You sir are a complicit shill. If you want to effect change in healthcare deal with the out of control cost. #unaffordable
I trust @SenToomey and the GOP as far as I can throw the GOP elephant.
Give them Medicaid!
Just stop lying 2-D Toomey. Those that didn’t vote for u are smart & know you only tweet with forked tongue. Sad I have to invert what u say
And eliminating subsidies raises premiums and ensures that young, healthy people will not buy insurance.
No you don't. You're Trump's lapdog, refusing to break w/ his policies, and doing whatever he tells you to do. How DO you face constituents?
He doesn't.
But they still won’t have healthcare and will still use the system.
Toomey = Trump
Who will grant us relief from your failures @SenToomey ? Your many, many, many failures.
Liar.
What would that be, opiates as you take their healthcare away and keep the money for the Koch brothers?
You are an abomination to your constituents -  how about supporting bi-partisan reform? #resist #Indivisible
Problem with you and Sen Cotton is that your prejudices supersede any intellectual thought that you may have. Smoke & Mirrors like Tax plan.
You're becoming quite a disappointment to us in #PA6.
You need a tutorial on how health insurance works.
Trump sabotaging ACA harms elderly and lower income families, but you didn't say a word about that. He's deliberately and proudly doin harm
What's hurting the American people is the GOP unwillingness to work across the aisle to make sure ALL Americans have health care. Shame!
.@SenToomey how can you purport to know what your constituents want when you won’t even meet with them? #TuesdaysWithToomey
Well, everyone here hates you as usual pat! How do you live with yourself knowing you're so hated? I know why you won't hold town halls...
Lie. My premiums w/ ACA for 5 years only slightly increased. Less than 10%. Trumpcare will raise our premiums 30%. How does that help?
How can you call yourself a Catholic & hurt so many people you are supposed to represent? Are tax breaks more important than lives?
Do you know anyone who makes less than $50K? Stop pretending to care & go back enabling the moronic policies of your Dear Leader.
Wow @GovernorTomWolf @USRepMikeDoyle @SenBobCasey disagree with you aca sabatoge hurts pa and children keep running that koch agenda though
You need to walk in the shoes of the people you serve. #outoftouch #noidea
Actually I think it's time to make sure those citizens have healthcare. Removing the tax penalty doesn't pay the Doctor.
Support Medicare for all then. That would be real relief.
Says the man who gets the premium insurance plan on the taxpayers’ dime.
Sure you do 
I am truly dumbfounded by ur ignorance of insurance. Do u think by tweeting PA will accept this BS? The GOP have sold their souls to 45.
If you want to fix healthcare, look at our tax code and all the exploits you overlooked in your great reform:
What he said. You're cancer to Pennsylvanians, Sen. Toomey.
No. The GOP adversely affects lower income Americans. Let's count the ways, shall we?
1. Destroying ACA means millions w/o healthcare.
Psst. It's "she"
Noted! Thx! 
Failed GOP healthcare plans removed millions from healthcare. #SAVECHIP #ACA #Medicaid #Medicare for low & mid income fams. #ProtectOurCare
So that more people are uninsured and their ER bills result in higher costs for everyone. You two suck.
Does 30.6% meet the threshold of your definition of "skyrocket?"
Just go away. When’s your next town hall in Pitt?  The kind where you don’t hand out the questions and limit your audience to your followers

But the are in effect buying insurance because they get the assurance if they do get sick they can buy insurance.  #TheACAWorks
Another of you blatant lies. The mandates help lower income folks afford insurance and without rates rise greatly!  Shame on you, liar!
This is how insurance works!  The more people the lower the individual cost!  If you drive a car you’re required to have insurance.
No, you don't. You want to advance to GOP agenda at the expense of Pennsylvanians lives.
Trumpcare has resulted in the current skyrocketing premiums. You failed to have a plan to repeal and replace. You aren’t doing your job
Hey how y'all gonna make sure the insured pool is healthy enough to keep prices at lower-income-affordable level WITHOUT the mandate though?
They were rising before & will the rise after. Premiums & deductibles didn’t suddenly skyrocket
How do you propose to keep costs down
More lies. Your plan added 30% to their premiums. All to line the pockets of your rich friends.
I mean, sure, the way this *should* work is that everybody pays into a national system and, boom, you get healthcare. Can we try that?
If you're working with Tom Cotton on anything, I have no faith you're looking to do what is right. He is a bad human being.
Senator, read local paper & see how much YOU are hurting your constituents. Luckily we have @SenBobCasey on our side

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Do you really think your constituents believe that your actions, or should I say inaction, is to benefit the middle class?  Seriously?
Your words mean nothing. Blah, blah, blah.
Each day, you prove how little you care about your constituents.
@SenToomey loves Loves LOVES Trump
Everyone needs coverage. You don't get to pick the time you get unexpectedly diagnosed with cancer or some other health issue.
Stop and keep your hands off insurance ...premiums will raise on so many more!!!!
No, it does not.  It gets more people into the market and thereby lowers prices. Stop the lying.
What bull Do you want people lining up at the ER again for care? Low income get subsidies.Try going to market place and sign up as L income
Wait u mean their freebees are going..awe such a shame...
So you're just not going to punish them for being uninsured.  Honestly, that's nice.  But how do you propose they afford insurance at all?
Bit of both. Par for the course for @SenToomey
Why'd you delete the earlier tweet? You still don't have a feckin clue how risk pools work or think you can fool us.
Thank you, also desperately need coops / associations that individuals can join to get premium price leverage. The individual market is BAD.
Scary stuff, Senator.
It's nearing Halloween & @SenToomey has his knives out again for #ACA. Time to make more phone calls: 202-224-4254. #ACAsabotage #DrGiggles 
The individual mandate is the reason why sick people can be covered with pre-existing conditions. If I know that, why don't you?
