
How Graham-Cassidy redistributes federal money

https://www.axios.com/vitals-2486505861.html … 
How about you take up representing your constituents instead? Leave honey-making to the pros
That's nice but I'd rather hear that you won't vote for Graham-Cassidy.
Please do this full time, and leave the people of Pennsylvania alone!!
That's so cute...now let us know where you stand on the latest Republican healthcare bill being fisted through the senate. 
VOTE NO NO NO NO
Why not take up direct communication with your constituents in an in person town hall?
Hell or heaven is waiting. Pa will be ur HELL even before you get there if you allow this to happen. #ItsaPA PROMISE #VOTENO
Must be nice while we die you live well. Vote NO on aca. Care while u can for us. Do something decent for the people and not ur pocket.
So this is what you do instead of growing a set and coming to Philly for a townhall?  Keep up the "hard work."
Are you fucking kidding me? You're actively trying to take Healthcare away from 32 million people and this is what you tweet about!?#FuckPat
Exactly! He has to go! We need to get busy like his bees!
You should really consider taking that up full-time. Like tomorrow.
I am allergic to honey. If I have a reaction, will I be able to use my Obamacare? You know, pre-existing condition and all.
#HoneyINeedACA
You choose beekeeping over ACTUAL town halls with your constituents?
Seriously? The GOP is taking away health care and you're talking about your honey making?
That's great. After you lose your seat, you can do it full-time!
Yeah your smoking sominthing to it this on Twitter
This is good, perhaps you'll learn to care for the environment, our Earth and all creatures, including people.
From @TuesdaysToomey back in July, right after this article came out. Different bill, same request: vote NO and #SaveOurCare!
REPEAL obamacare completely
Why don't you do your real job and make policy instead of honey!
Thanks, but after you pushed for destroying healthcare for a tenth of Americans, I'm not interested in buying anything from you.
I see you're still trying to make my insurance unaffordable.  You are a bad person.  Why do you think your job is to destroy lives?
You know what would be sweet? If you DIDN'T vote to repeal ACA and take health care away from millions. Thank you.
It's almost like your sayin "look at the fun my family & I can afford2safely ave while y'all can die from a bee sting thanks2my @GOP" Nice
He could learn a lot from his bees.  Like how important communication and working together are for the survival of a society.
I bee-lieve that your bees will have better healthcare than thousands of your constituents, once you vote to rip healthcare away from them.
Honey is good for your health, the Republican healthcare bill is not
Bee-lieve! Oh my god, that hilarious! Why do you want to kill Pennsylvanians with the GOP's new health care bill?
keeping some for yourself in prep for @gop killing the rest of them
Good idea! New career that will benefit society.
I imagine you're doing the keeping on the Public's dime instead of meeting with your constituents. What a coward

Twitterbrain: Can someone give odds of 3 pcts in Cumberland county PA w election day GOP strt party=exactly .666666666666667 of total & 1/
Ah. That explains why you're never around to answer your phones.
Or having a #TownHall
Twitterbrain: Can someone give odds of 3 pcts in Cumberland county PA w election day GOP strt party=exactly .666666666666667 of total & 1/
So take away my healthcare and replace it with  but you get to be a beekeeper while I pay you?! #byetoomey #KillTheBill
You should really consider "taking up" a town hall or some convos with ur constituents. #TheResistance #DoYourJob #2022
Don't, just don't.  No one wants to hear about your prattling irrelevencies while you neglect your constituents and your constitutional duty
You should take a lesson about bee colonies. Bees work to make life better for all, not just themselves, unlike you.
Great for our bee problem. Please take up this cause full time. Let us have a senator that cares about people.
Please consider limiting insecticide use. It could be the demise of mammals.
Tending to your bees does NOT constitute a town hall meeting.
You need to support a bipartisan healthcare fix like Medicare for all. Healthcare first, not profit. That's how to serve the people of PA.
Pat, appreciate the cute Honey stuff but let's hear the details of the proposed tax reform you say you are in favor of.
Is it ethical to pitch a family business?
You are going to quietly vote to repeal ACA again and not tweet once about it?  Not outline how bad a deal for PA it is?
Well it seems you have a lot of extra time on your hands. So explain to me why you won't have a townhall in Pittsburgh
#savethebees Or #SaveACA ? How about both? Be a hero and vote to save our healthcare!!! - serious allergies are pre-existing cond. #savelife
Ok this actually is really nice, I wish I approved of your more substantial policy decisions but hey guess beekeeping is a start?

Fun! My family is buzzing & worrying about the dangerous white supremacists in the White House. But     we're just silly like that.
What a coincidence!  We're as Mad as hornets that you won't hold a legit town hall. 2022 is going to sting!
Does it have essence of Monsanto flavor? Seriously though, I pray your bees  survive and don't experience colony collapse. #savethebees
Sweet!
Too bad you haven't taken up governing.  #SAD
Do these negative responses surprise you? This should tell you that you are out of touch with the people you serve. Time you check yourself.
So stealing honey from the hard working bees.  Good job.  Even the bees aren't safe.
Glad you have a fallback career when you lose your next election
That's great. You should make sure bees have a chance to survive by taking steps to address climate change. Help the 
Perhaps not cutting my coverage would be better time served.
Good hobby! I wish you would restrict Mondanto's pesticides that are killing bees then more people wouldn't have to be beekeepers. 
Not sure you can call it "homemade" when you didn't do the hard part... Oh, wait, I just stepped on your political strategy, didn't I?
Hey Jughead follow the honey and buzz off
Quit!
What I missed is how this is relevant.
bee-lieve me when I say, I bet most of your constituents don't really care about your bee hobby.
Makes sense because your certainly not doing anything for the people of Pennsylvania.
WTF is wrong w/ you? Our republic is burning, w/ ur help, and you're tweeting about bees? You really are a POS that needs proper disposal
OMG!  Now YOU are hawking your freakin' wares?  Seriously?  Do you Repubs have any freaking class?  Ugh!  Disgusting!!!
So like a Republican to use your elected office for business profit.
You should donate to food pantries around PA
He would prefer closing them, starving people, & then take away their ins, for kicks!  I just don't get how he looks himself in the face.
Pat, your tweets are apolitical and lack diversity. You're out of touch. #bees WTF?
I love honey.   I always try to buy PA made goods.
Your policies are killing the bees.
I thought you might be helping out a small business in PA, but no, you were helping out yourself. #sentoomey
Fantastic!
No tax cuts for the rich or corporations. Always crashes the economy and hurts the middle class. #taxreform
You'd best bee-leaving your office.
It's a cool hobby. I am deathly allergic to bees, so please don't take my insurance away.
Honestly looks delicious! I appreciate your love of bees. You should resign & do this full time.  #dowhatmakesyouhappy #dowhatyoudobest
Cool story!  Is that why the people of Pennsylvania can never reach you to discuss the issues they care about?
So you have hive meetings instead of town hall meetings
Should have said  don't vote or pay your salary!
Your home enough to work on that sorry I have a full-time Job what you work 64 days this year in the Senate. So you probably know bees names
Looking forward to trying - we get now from http://www.oilandsoillife.com/   and Twin Oak Farms in Dallas
How about a real town hall on your honey do list. I bee-lieve you are scared of the worker bees who are unhappy with your avoidance of us.
Why don't you take up communicating with and representing the wishes of your constituents ?  Spineless Political Fool !
Does anyone bee-lieve this guy got re-elected in 2016?  #VoteBlue
#repent #tekel #repent #tekel #repent #tekel #repent #tekel #repent #tekel #repent #tekel #repent #tekel #repent #tekel #repent #tekel #amen
Yep. #WasteofaSenateseat alright. PA wasn't paying attention last year, now we're stuck for another five. Bend over for "tax reform," folks.
I was paying attention.  I never voted for @SenToomey.  I saw how ugly his heart is, & his politics are just as ugly.
Good, so you will have a job after you lose in your next election!
Why not resign and take it up full time.
I wish you'd take up #TownHall so we can discuss your failures. A public townhall for more than 70people would be great. #sycophant #coward
If we promise not to sting you, will you hang out w/ us, via a series of live town halls? 
You can wear your beekeeping suit if you want to.
Please tell me that you have a smoker, my father didn't have one and was stung so many times that he developed an allergy to bee stings.
That is probably delicious. Natural honey is the best
We do too! Honey is the best in the Lehigh Valley, PA!
Well, I still feel the sting of your Trumpian support.  You better BEE-lieve I'll be working hard to get you out of office.
pattie: nice to have a business to fall back on when you become unemployed in only 1,933 days.   But who is counting?    ALL of Pennsylvania
You are the worst senator ever
Good, you'll have something to do with your time when you're voted out
So very true! The same people who are tweeting him hate better VOTE him out in 6 years!
I NEVER voted for him, and I NEVER will.
You are a joke.
White Supremacists are marching. Millions will lose healthcare: kids, ppl w/disabilities & illnesses. Others will pay more. #DoYourJob!
I may not agree with your politics but I will defend to death your right to make shoddy dad jokes on the internet.
U r so cute.
Another nice bee pun!!!!
Cool hobby. Do you only take care of the bees that give you the most honey ?
This. Times a million. I love it.
I would bee-lieve that you are a TERRIBLE senator that doesn't give a hoot about his constituents though.
Great hobby! How about you leave your day job to take up beekeeping full time? You'd be better for the world as a beekeeper than a Senator!

Respectfully, push to take up tax cutting & spending reduction. I like bees ok but.....
I keep bees, too. But my honey is not filled with the tears of people who will lose their health care if you don't #doyourjob.
#trumplackey. Let's talk about honey bees and how climate change is affecting their existence. @SenToomey thoughts?
Climate change - more like habit change, pesticide overuse how about we all try to plant native vegetation.  They will adapt - but will we?
This is the project you were doing in August instead of meeting with us. Admit it.
Hoping this is what happens to you next.
Of course you can afford the #epipen with free insurance using our tax dollars & insulin should you become diabetic from candy consumption
You might try keeping your constituents health care.
Ohhhhhh.... That's why you never do your ACTUAL job. You should retire to spend more time with your bees.
You know that climate change seriously affects bees, right? What are you doing about it?
While the rest of the country is being stung to death by your man, Trump.
