Please tell us when and where your town hall mtg will be so we can discuss the Afghanistan and south Asian policies.
Just like a lemming, you will follow him off the cliff.
Maybe this is why #45 is keeping the war going on in Afghanistan
This is a warmed-over version of the strategy that you whinged about Obama implementing years and billions of $ and thousands of lives ago
so we are doing the same thing Obama did but we will win because it is Trump doing it!  totally TBS-this is asinine- and you say its new SAD
You're his 'Yes- man'...we ecpect you to do anything he says so no need to explain yourself. We know you suck.
It's not our war to win. We need to stop wasting money here and focus on our issues here in the US
Oh, I forgot - you don't meet with PA constituents anymore. You stopped that the moment you got into office. Shame.
Donald Duck didn't write the speech.  @POTUS too coherent for Trumpie.
What about him saying there were nice people at the Nazi rally? Are white, domestic terrorists off limits? #NazisAreBad #IMPEACH45
Could you, in your own words, outline said  "strategy" for me?
I don't have to read it to know you agree with everything he said. You are an embarrassment to PA and the USA.
Totally
Hey Pat, do you commend President Trump for threatening to shut down government to build his stupid wall?? Certainly you have a statement...
Do you remember what Anderson Cooper said about Jeff Lord...Well, he might have had the wrong guy from PA!
You commend the president on whatever he has to say. You have zero original thoughts. You bring absolutely nothing to the table. You’re out.
Must agree. And stop sending me your form letters. U don't read what I write
Do you take money from Mercers? #Afghanistan
maybe if you'd hold a town hall you'd know the people of PA oppose a blank check and no timeline for this ineffective war.
Trump offered no details on a clear plan or long term strategy. How will an additional 4 to 5 thousand soldiers help where 100,000+ failed?
Check Bush's policy. Trump's not new. But happy to discuss in an open town hall. Put on your big boy pants & listen to your constituents
So Flippity Flopity?
You mean the generals address to the nation. He's a puppet.
Did you stand with Obama
Fact is this is a never ending war -to go on for generations! enough is enough!
Read your nothing reply. All trump's speech proves is he can read for 25 minutes. No details and very similar to what Obama has said.
Hey, here's a thought - how about having a town hall in at least one town, rec center, etc with your constituents?
This cocksucker Toomey, a CONFEDERATE WE NEED TO TIP OVER, voted to MURDER ME. But I have to pay HIS health care.
Just watched appearance in phoenix. Can't wait to hear  comments on the LIES told to that audience. Bet you remain silent. Prove me wrong.
Again with the clear and independent voice!
Thanks. Perhaps we can discuss this open ended, secret war at a town hall meeting?
and we want their minerals too. we can really bank on that
.@SenToomey .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump name your kids/grandskids that will go to WAR for the US? Wait YOU are 1%...only POOR people DIE #MAGA
I see you agree with the continuation of Obama's policy however now as an endless war. What needs to happen before you grow a spine?
I'm a reg voting Repub #MuellerPlsHurryUP
When Trump constantly states. "My Generals" will you remind him that they are not His but Ours !! He is not our CEO!!
Toomey, you are such a chump.
Lock step with the worst president in the history of our country. Still haven't condemned his comments on Charlottesville.
Can we My get your benefits
What "war" is this exactly. FYI you're going to be on the wrong side of history with, see Vietnam war.
Unfortunately NOTHING Trump says is credible. He is a fool who has destroyed the country he REFUSED to serve as a young man. #ImpeachTrump
A 16 year war has not worked. Military action is not always the answer. Remember when a guy wanted 1M for schools after the Russians left?
Oh! And stop sending me form letters that have NOTHING to do with what #resist fax I send you. Save your damn postage.
After your reaction to 45's hateful speech last week you gave me hope. And just as quickly you ripped it away and fell right back in line.
This statement is obscene. The longest war in US history is a failure.  Our foreign entanglements must end. Violence breeds violence.
heard Trump is shutting down funding on research for health related issues for men who do mountain top coal mining? nice
Since I haven't been able to ask you in person at a town hall, just want to be clear on your stance: health care but unlimited war ?
It's about time you stood for something other than yourself !!!
"winning" is not a strategy. show me where he said anything close to touching on strategy or policy....
What about these tweets? #TrumpResign #TrumpAfghanistan
please explain how a secret plan with no timeline, no clear outcome, & "unleashing" of military tactics will help?
Pat, how come you haven't condemed @POTUS's directly for his initial stance on Charlotteville.  Way to suck up.  Folks won't forget that.
Claptrap. Place has always been ungovernable. It's not a real country, just a bunch of tribal leaders within an artificially drawn boundary.
The graveyard of empires.
Who is paying for it?
Please define "winning this war. "
Doesn't tell us how many troops and won't tell us an endgame and threatens Pakistan. Who is getting paid to write this baloney?!
Let's discuss your support of paying for this vs paying for healthcare at open Philly Town Hall #DoYourJob #youworkforus #realPA 19154
You should resign and have your buddy Trump give you a commission and go to the front lines.  Of course you won't as you're more about $$$
Wrong in so many ways: its an unwinable war, check ur  history --  no more US soldiers need to die and  don't need to spend more money on it
What's missing was defining the strategy. I'm a multiple tour OEF vet, and this is nothing new, so stop lauding it as such.
If you'd like the reasons, your team can read my thread over in response to @RepMeehan who also issued an absurd statement.
He made no definitive statement. You commend him on his bowel movements. Al you are is a tRumo lackey.
There is no ending this war! Stop. Please just stop. You release these statements showing how deep in Trump's pocket you are and have 1/2
little or no interest in representing your constituents. 2/2
You won't even hold a town hall meeting but you support sending men & women to a diversionary war. Here's MY statement: NO to BOTH of you.
Meals on Wheels and heathcare for the US people or throwing away $ and lives at a decades long war across the world?  Shame on you all.
You caught a strategy in that meandering word salad?
always one to stand up to the establishment, it really is a treat to have you represent my thoughts and interests on Capitol Hill !!
Let's end this war! Just bring everyone home!
You'll pay for this escalation by pushing for tax cuts for the rich right?
Gee, what about the "ongoing expense"?  http://www.witf.org/state-house-sound-bites/2011/01/toomey-in-afghanistan.php …
#CensureTrump #Censure
It's the unspecified number of troops being put in harm's way for an unspecified objective who are stepping up to the plate, big time https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/899831073642774528 …
You also would have commended & supported him pulling troops out.
We need a strong senator, not a spineless one.
#NoBackbonePaddy
I guess we can replace politicians with robots now.  Or in your case maybe just Siri since you never meet with voters.
How quickly you praise Trump after he reads from a TelePrompTer, but had nada to say about him after Charleston. Why? Oh, the rubber stamp!
You are a War Profiteer and not fit to serve in the Senate.
How does this help Afghanistan build towards a  stable future?
THERE IS NO NEW STRATEGY. How does that sand feel in your ears and nostrils?
#NoMoreWar
This won't end well and we all know it! Why do you continue to support DJT? Oh, yeah, neither of you care about your constituents!
Why no discussion of the woeful lack of diplomacy in Afghanistan, India and Pakistan. State Dept has no staff and is doing nothing.
A statement???? Where were you last week??? How about showing your face at a town hall???
Why isn't Pakistan on the list of countries from which we're banning visitors?
Why not discuss this with your constituents (i.e., your employers) at a public town hall? Distraction tactics #WagTheDog from @potus 38%
Pat, blindly following this incompetent president make you just as incompetent.  Do you ever think for yourself?
What about his attack on transgenders not so long ago. Which is it Mr T., everyone together except certain people or everyone together?
How about a statement on @POTUS @realDonaldTrump repugnant comments related to #whitesupremacisit, #NeoNazis march on #Charlotteville?
This message sponsored by trump&friends.
This is the exact same statement senators have been putting out for the last 15 years.  #Spineless
Also, without a fully staffed and functional State Dept, it's meaningless.
He seemed to mostly be saying what the adults in the room (Mattis/McMaster) wanted, which is good, but he seemed to not comprehend his words
I guess you're ready to move on from his words/inaction from Charlottesville? Water under the bridge? Spineless.
This man is a pathological liar. I don't believe a word he says. He needs to resign or you Republicans need to Impeach.
Hey dummy! If both countries are such a threat, why aren't they on the fraud's travel ban?  Instead of thought, you just follow party lines.
Stunning denial of history-especially inclusion of Pakistan. We are now fight war Russia was forced to abandon. And for booty no one needs.
Do you truly trust a man that can barely read words written for him, uses troops as a prop, and has attacked gold star families to run a war
Maybe you failed to notice, but as a military strategy, Trump's plan is thin on details. But you're ok with that?
50% of PA's senators wants Trump to get authorization from Congress for the "plan" for Afghanistan. The other 50%, you, jump on board.
Where is the open Townhall meeting? The President read a prepared speech.  Does he even understand what he read - fake president.
Imagine that, 50% of our PA. Senators is doing a great job representing & communicating with constituents.
P.T. sucks up to trump & Koch's.
Oh Stop Sir-He didn't actually lay out a plan- No Numbers-No Strategy-are u that easily duped-It was to distract from his racist statements
 Why are you applauding war?! Get OUT of Afghanistan. Stop CREATING terrorists by expanding the war machine. 
How about a verbal statement at at 3-D town hall, 2-D Toomey?
So he's just putting more soldiers in harm's way for an indefinite time period. What exactly is new with his plan?
What plan might one ask  Trump was not definite or clear
We've been in Afghanistan for a long time, and in the Middle East since 90's. I don't know how you could think it will be dif this time.
Same old garbage!!
Wow, you have a lot to say when you are kissing his ass. #PuckerUpPat
Hey dumba$$, 4000 more Americans to be killed for NO REASON.  He wants to "take the oil"- that's it. There is NO change in strategy. NUTS.
Again I ask, do you ever disagree with anything POTUS says or does???
My statement regarding you: Grow a spine sir.
I don't really wish to call you a brownnoser Pat, but you're so far up POTUS' butt you're looking out his eyes.
56+ yrs since a @GOP admin left office with a LOWER #deficit

@SenToomey is committed to preserving #GOP legacy of fiscal irresponsibility
17yrs-$190B-2,386 military deaths-over 20,000 wounded soldiers. I think this war has cost us enough. Don't you? Town hall requested. PA-11
You  and I know that Trump's speech(basically Obama's strategy) was merely a diversion to take the country's mind away from his failings.
It Didn't work before.  I thought we learned.  Ate you going to serve
Hey, if you're going to openly admit this is an actual war can you at least make sure he receives congressional approval?
You have picked the wrong side, sir. Donald Trump is a racist and you support him. You have made a terrible mistake. Your legacy is trashed.
You weren't in office when Bush launched what seemed at the time to be a necessary response to the Talliban's facilitation of Osama
so I cannot posit umbrage at your doorstep, and have to listen to @realDonaldTrump later, but the only humane thing to do, which will not
be done, is to dissolve Afghan sovereignty and partition the territory between its former occupiers: Russia, US, Nato, and let China have a
zone too since they will soon be the last governing force to hold the globe together. It takes the guts of someone like me, nothing to lose
to be an extraordinary hawk. If I had power I'd set things straight in short order, as angry old women can.
Going down with the ship, I see.  Good thing the super rich won't mind if you drown as long as you deliver the tax cuts.
@burghseyeview has been wondering where you have been. We need you to support our @POTUS, Senator. He won Pennsylvania-remember Get to work

Yup, that's a lie.
you're a continued embarrassment to the people of PA.  I sincerely look forward to contributing time and effort to unseating you.
@SenToomey is the PA HERO 
Would you care to explain how you will pay for this unlimited war?
Probably increase  taxes on us the middle class . You know the rich needs their tax breaks  come hell or high water.
#rubberstamp #rubberstamp #rubberstamp #rubberstamp
Really Pat? Unequivocal commitment? And if you heard anything resembling strategy from that moron could you please let us in on the joke?
Why won't he say how many people he's sending over? We have a right to know. Why are you praising him for reading off a teleprompter?
Still need to do your job. Unstable man still in the WH.
Bet you're excited to have more dead soldiers to use as political stage pieces when it fits your agenda.
@ToomeyMemes red pen please to fix his statement 45 can do anything as president & I support it 100 % its what I promised to do for my term
I ran outta characters ty 4 finishing the real truth
You are a joke!!!!!
Another dissatisfied constituent.
So you agree yet again with the Nazi game show host who enjoys staring directly at the sun, got it
The Nazi that sets bad examples Supposedly a leader Not at all Reads a promoter or notes  Now burning  his connea's 
I look forward to seeing you at a town hall to discuss this....and more.
#aaronburr #stand4nothing Bah-bye, Sir~
He read a speech off a TelePrompTer. If questioned, he wouldn't know any answers. Vague message Nothing new. Lemming following him off cliff
Still waiting for you to represent the people of Pa..when will you stand up to trump
How is this any different from Obama's strategy?
It's not, but you can be sure they will spin it. Upcoming talk shows, news segments etc.....
Can you explain why neither Pakistan nor Afghanistan are on the travel ban with all those terrorists there?
He can't and never will
Hooray for never-ending war! 
Bot
He still sold USA out to commit treason and launder money with Russia. So #ImpeachTrump anyway.
This is absolute nonsense.
So you're going to sign your kids up for service as soon as they hit 18, yes?
So a couple thousand more troops will be able to do what 100000 troops couldn't?
In other words, “Obama was right, I was wrong”?
