Make sure you kiss both cheeks Pat
Go back to sleep. You're just a lap dog for @GOP @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenateMajLdr   #getanoriginalthought
Who cares
those of us who voted for you no longer care what you say or think.  Still won't care when you're up for re-election.
with all due respect, Tomahawks cannot destroy airfields, surely the military knew. Planes destroyed, but not chemical weapons?
I'd read it, but I have to use TOR to alleviate your attempted sale of my browsing history. My 'foreign' IP is blocked. #NotWorthTheRisk
How about you tell us in person. Town hall???  Ever????
You've been tweeting more and more. Stop modeling yourself after a failure of a President and of a man. Listen to your constituents!
Pat we got to do a better job here. 100 million dollars for a fireworks show that did nothing. Trump cutting  our SS. His golf outings. WTF
you supported the administration’s ban on Syrian refugees. Your words are hollow. You’re a monster.
Nobody cares what you think. 19040
not buying it, Senator. An expensive smokescreen imho.
How are we not to see this as hypocritical after you voted against Pres. Obama's request for airstrikes in 2013?
(Just in case u missed it)
Sad that POTUS needs to consult with Congress. BTW there are US Syrian families who would sponsor Syrian families to come to Lehigh Valley
let me@guess. Your knee jerked up and you proudly submitted. Hope you are capable of making an honest Easter Duty.
I hope you DEMAND to have your constitutional say on this matter.  I also hope you chose America 1st we are not the worlds police!
We will not be distracted by this theater. I now, more than ever, believe there is a connection with Russia.
Trump's light show was expensive. If he cared about those babies, our doors would be open to them. If YOU cared, you would have supported 44
Where do you stand on oppression of privacy rights, proposed budget cuts, failed healthcare plan & women's workplace rights!
I hear you have a two week break coming up. How about a real town meeting so that PA residents can share their thoughts with you? . . .
Was looking around your website for your recess constituent townhall schedule.  Love to see 2 way exchange on issues. Can you share a link?
Yeah you corporatist, evil stooge. We're gonna make a concerted effort to vote you out of office
Do you think it's effective punishment? Syrian planes are using the airbase to bomb the area around Homs? Lesson learned?
Where do you stand on a new AUMF?
You are #complicit.
The joke is on you then, because POTUS has no plan.
you should be ashamed of yourself I saw that you were on the #resist Twitter site today. Is that what you do with my tax dollars
So how do you feel about the carefully planned dog and pony show?
Don't you think Congress should have gotten involved BEFORE the act of war?
Let me guess, you agree with Trump!
No need to read your stupid rubber stamped view
Where is your statement on #H1B guest worker visa DISASTER? Stop diversion, do something good.
crawl back in your hole Mr Inept.
This is bullshit and an excuse to stop talking about #russiagate . If trump and you cared about the refugees, you would not have banned them
SO glad we finally have a leader that  knows how to put us first,even when others won't,
Why don't you tell your constituents at a townhall meeting. We've been waiting.
All a ruse! Trump informed Putin, Putin informed Assad, Assad moved aircraft & personnel. All to make Trump look tough. Trump is a failure
Thank God we have a president that  protects all of us, even when we act like fools
Will you support efforts to open the door to Syrian refugees again?
Huh? Do you still support banning refugees
Have a Town Hall during Easter recess and let your constituents tell you OUR STATEMENTS!
Missed WMD, airfield launched jets today.  Nice theatre, but BS flag is out.  Face to face town hall explanation.
DO you really care, @SenToomey?????
Hold a town hall
Some of the kids and babies that were gassed could have been here already if we REALLY cared.
I couldn't be bothered to read a statement from you!
How are we not to see this as hypocritical after you voted against Pres. Obama's request for airstrikes in 2013?
Also, we need to talk about Gorsuch. You filled a stolen seat.
You must go!  Anyone who puts party ahead of country must be repealed and replaced.
As a constituent, I expect you to hold a town hall meeting & tell us what the HELL is going on. Don't duck and run.
You are the most horrible representative in PA.
Why didn't Trump go to Congress like Obama did? He attacked a sovereign nation with no input from Congress, on a golf course.
I call BULLSHIT! That airport is still operating. This was an attempt to change the subject #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia
... please say it isn't so:  bomb first, do comprehensive plan second???
Operation "Mass DEFLECTION" pricetag = 60 million dollars
#ToomeyTheTool
We just blew $100,000,000 on a strike that had NO effect and you support that? They were back up and running within hours.
