then why doesn't he answer ALL questions from committee?
six different Republican presidents have had 12 nominees confirmed by Democratic senates.
If he had bipartisan support, why did he need the GOP to envoke the nuclear option?
Sir had you done your job on Merick Garland this wouldn't be an issue don't start blaming others now.
The GOP chose not to nominate Merrick Garland, a man more than qualified, merely because he was an Obama nominee. Pathetic. #GarlandsSeat
As long as those lines are bought by Plutocrats and oligarchs, just like you.
#Independent here & don't support #Gorsuch.  Novel ideal - hold a live, in person #TownHall & more than 2 hrs notice would be great too.
"broad support over party lines?" I do not think that means what you think it means.
the last Democratic president to get his Supreme Court pick confirmed by a Republican senate was Grover Cleveland in 1895.
Fairly as defined by the party that stole a supreme Court nominee...
Still living in your alternate universe
So did Merrick Garland. If you ever held a town hall for actual constituents, you'd know he had broad support. Gorsuch wasn't perfect.
No, he has been and always will be for corporate America. Wait, just the way you have turned out .
How does he have support across party lines if the senate rules had to be changed to confirm him by a simple majority of 51?!
You don't even know what fair and equal means.
Do you even read the comments on here?  They are made by your constituents.   You know, the ones you're supposed to be representing.
Unfortunately, he will not as he has not.
Equally?!?  He's big business through and through.  Just as you are.  Shame on both of you!
Sorry, but didn't the rules get changed because BOTH parties didn't support him?
I'm ashamed to live in the state you lived in a long time ago.
You need some new glasses for your blurred vision. Your soul was purchased long ago - you have never truly represented your constituents.
Unless someone pays you to say otherwise.
wow! You do either need to see a MD immediately; or your need for your Easter Duty is immeasurable.
Have you read a history of his decisions? I disagree with you, and don't understand how you could say it'll be fair or equal!
is that why you voted to change the rules, poor judgement
no, Gorsuch does not not have "broad support across party lines". #stolenSCOTUSseat appointed after Russia-rigged election
. If Republicans want to cite history, they can start complaining after they’ve confirmed 12 Merrick Garlands.
says you
Fairly and equally if you are a white male. Or a corporation. You should all be ashamed. @GOP is killing our democracy
no words for you and your kind.
judge Gorsuch is a right wing ideologue - not moderate and a corporate shill whose ruled against woman's rights. Garland was a true moderate
You are such a joke.
Not sure I agree
So would Garland. Shame on the GOP. You muscled in Gorsuch to further your own agenda.
let's not speak of the 300 Plus times repubs filibustered last admin.  All are culpable for divisive congress.
I respectfully disagree. Judge Gorsuch has shown a propensity for repeatedly ruling for the monied interests. I question his ethics.
A bad choice for every Pennsylvan shame you senator Toomey
Except he doesn't or he's have the 60 votes
at what point do you start representing the people of PA? changing the rules is a terrible way to govern
Thanks for your cowardice in going nuclear. # underwhelming
Did your constituents want him?
Untrue: this is clearly not the case, as a simple majority vote was required
He won't. He will favor business over the individual like he has before.
So did Garland, but you picked Party. No respect.
And he'll take away my rights!! #FilibusterGorsuch
Heed the @senatorCollins letter.  Breaking the 60% rule shows Senate is broken. Put on your big boy pants and make democracy great again.
YES! and that is what he is SUPPOSED to do.
Really?  He's an anti-choice, homophobic, sexist creep. Has no business on the SCOTUS.
Supported hobby lobby and refusing for companies to pay for women's health care. Really shameful.
What planet are living on?This is just plain false IF he had broad support there wouldn't be a filibuster!He hasn't ruled fairly for workers
@SenToomey NOVEMBER 2018, YOUR OUT.
#Garland got screwed. Gop hipocrits
not when it comes to equal education!!!
But you don't have the courage to stand in front of your constituents.
Let's be honest - he will apply the rule of law when it benefits the republicans or companies.
You are just a republican shill.
Yea.  For corporations and businesses. We know you - and we are going to remember.
Merrick Garland would have as well. This is all on the Republicans. You could have filled this vacancy a year ago.
Gorsuch is a right wing extremist who puts corporate interests before everyday Americans. He is also a plagiarist.
He has already said he won't
As long as he can copy from someone else's writings. By the way, where are you Pat? Still hiding from your constituents?
You mean he supports the @GOP agenda of big business.
That is an outright lie.
One word sums up Gorsuch. Chevron. He is on the level of Bannon in his desire to torpedo fairness and rationality in government.
Readers, again my senator @SenToomey is being disingenuous, Gorsuch is not mainstream & has not been endorsed across party lines
Except that he doesn't.
He will forever have an asterisk by his name. And I have never seen people so willing to bend rules and reject the spirit of the law as GOP
MERRICK GARLAND
Liar!!!!
Obviously not broad support across party lines if you couldn't get the votes honestly and have to cheat to get him on the bench.
A good choice for Senators looking to line their own pockets.
First of all, Gorsuch obviously does not have broad bipartisan support, since Senate GOP had to nuke filibuster rules to force him through.
Secondly, I refuse to praise the intellect and experience of a judge who once ruled that a man should have literally died for his employer.
And lastly, do you know who else actually had the intellect, experience, and broad support to be a Supreme Court Justice? MERRICK GARLAND.
Have a townhall and explain yourself
Dems don't agree
if he had support across party lines, he could have persuaded more democrats to vote for him, but he didn't.
Same could be said of Merrick Garland. Where were your high-mined ethics a year ago?
Garland would have and should have been acceptable to both parties.
you are wrong wrong wrong.  GOP broke 200+ yrs of civility even though you had bad nominee without majority support.
His record stands against women's rights to health care despite the Supreme Court rulings on our right to choice.
He also has a record against #DisabilityRights https://www.aclu.org/blog/speak-freely/supreme-court-nominee-neil-gorsuch-has-troubling-history-when-ruling-disability …

And #WorkersRights
http://www.thestand.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/AFL-Gorsuch-Fact-Sheet-17Mar17.pdf …
You have no spine.
Lies!!!
It's obvious Gorsuch does not have "broad support across party lines" if "many" Dems decided to filibuster.
He is a corporation-licking shill...something you two have in common!
No he doesn't! That's why you had to deploy the #NuclearOption! Otherwise he would have been confirmed! Stop forcing him down our throats!
Broad support? Hahahahahaha! Just like DeVos?
@SenToomey 3) Will you meet with us on Tuesday to discuss the implications of your party's decision?
He is the best choice.  Too bad idiot liberals didn't see that.
You do realize you will lose your seat by a vast majority of votes if you continue on this path. You are not representing us. Stand with us!
You, sir, are part of a group that is an embarrassment to this great country.  Your actions today were disgraceful and revolting.
But we would love to talk to you in person about this at your next town hall.
Thought that you represented your constituents.  Last time I looked Judge Garland was our choice.  Do your job Senator
@SenToomey hasn't a clue. He's not our Senator, he works for lobbyists
Toomey represents The Club for Growth, Elliot Management, and Goldman Sachs, PPL, and Air Products to name his five top $ contributors.
He doesn't particularly care for the 99%.  But then, neither does toomey
DO NOT do this. Gorsuch is not for all the people. His past rulings have proved it along with evading questions.Wait for a new candidate.
It wouldn't matter if Gorsuch was the pope. He's not, but the seat was stolen and the president is under investigation for treason.
Gorcsuch  is pro corporate America and against American voters just like Republicans. We will vote you all out
Unlike you did for Merrick Garland.
He didn't when it came to a student with autism. And he plagiarized work.
And Merrick Garland didn't?
if this were true, he'd have the votes.
3/you have proven to be a political, afraid to have a town hall with those who elected you, sad, bigly sad
i think you're mistaking him for garland.
You sold your soul Patrick.
You're a disgrace and PA voters like me are watching. Shame on you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No. What he has is the backing of right wing extremists who believe corporations are more important than people. You should be ashamed.
If he had "broad support across party lines" you wouldn't have had to break a 230 year old rule today, would you?
"broad support across party lines"
...
So let's talk about that Nuclear Option...
3/ Just ignore his history of screwing over the working class, then it's equal.
Judge Garland has the intellect, experience, & broad support across party lines. 
fixed, you're welcome
You are a rich money grabbing fool.Sold out the people again.
What happend to #MerrickGarland? U failed in your job!
No, he will NOT! His record shows that he is utterly PRO-CORPORATION and ANTI-WOMAN.  And shame on you for constantly toeing the party line!
Thank you for supporting Judge Gorsuch
I think Garland would have been a great choice but you cheated the American people with your childish partisanship
Glad you used a three part tweet to continue to prove your ignorance and party hack status. #coward
As long as you are a corporation.
You keep telling yourself that.
you can tell us this, at a town hall
