You can't even get their colors right! Do your job and listen to your constituents!
OMG, ur so right. Didn't even get the Black N Gold right.
@NHLFlyers  Let's GO FLYERS
Sports should not be your focus--come face your constituents! Hear our concerns! Use your voice in the senate!
Stop, do your job asshat!
Best of luck to the residents of Pennsylvania who need health care you mean
Senator Toomey is complicit with Russian Traitors in the executive branch. oh... and buy Sam a drink and get his dog one too.
WOW You're back. What about Trumps budget and your Healthcare proposals. Oh that's right. Hockey is more important than protecting people.
Best of luck to America with the damage Trump will do to the environment, EU relations, healthcare, public schools, and the GOP's silence
WE THE PEOPLE WANT REPEAL AND REPLACE DO YOUR JOB! FELLOW AMERICANS ARE SUFFERING!
Probably the ONLY thing we agree on. How about that town hall AND a win 4 the Pens?
Who are you?  We don't know you anymore. Anchored to a sinking ship..
Let's Go tackle student loan debt
First of all, what is this shit? BLACK AND GOLD! Dont taint our city with your half assed self promotion. Terrible.
Town Hall. Shame on your designs for Medicaid. 19050
Ugh.  First you refuse to formally distance yourself from our trash president, then you embrace PA's trash city.
Meanwhile, in the real world, you are still enabling a traitor. If you had a town hall perhaps we could hear you explain why.
Let's make it two Town Halls in a row! #LetsGoToomey #TownHallFinally
Typical you, Comrade 2me. Your words say #LetsGoPens and your actions worship the GOP #Predators . Unreal... #GOPredators
How about a townhall in Erie, PA. Did you forget you work for us?
Why would he hold a Town hall knowing it would be sabotaged by Libtards?!?
So clever with your name calling. You should be extremely unhappy with the nation that will come out of all this. Bye..U will not be missed
Your community organizer already drove this country into the ground.  But don't worry, the Adults are here & we will rescue it.
Ahahahahaha.
Poor Cindy.
Whens the last time you have held a townhall in Pittsburgh, Pat?!
Do you even know where Pittsburgh is, Senator?
With all that is ravaging our country you tweet this?  Please someone burst the bubble you live in!
Fuck the Penguins. Go Flyers!!!
omg, now I know you're evil for sure.
I am all for back to back championships but FAR MORE IMPORTANT is Country Over Party!!
Let's discuss healthcare ... what people need to survive medical emergencies so they can provide for their families. The puck stops there.
Love it - New campaign #ThePuckStopsHereRepairACA
I'd think Congress PeePee Toads, WH Staff & Cabinet, w/Pooty Call in Offal Office would unite as PREDATION on 99%  fans no matter where from
Go Pens! Hit a homer, score more points on the field!  Don't get hurt (unless your Canadian). 
Love Pat
@NHLFlyers the Pens and Toomey both suck
Screw the pens do a townhall
Let's go @SenToomey and represent PA, not enable tRump's illegal administration. Grow a set and meet us in public.
You do not get to root for the Penguins.   You are not a Pittsburgher.  Butt out.
Hey Pat. I love the Pens, but you really need to focus on business. When is the next scheduled town hall in Western Pennsylvania? Thanks.
TOWN HALL NOW
Fun fact: by driving to Pittsburgh and back this holiday weekend, I've seen more of PA in 3 days than you have since you became a senator!
-Toomey's such a man of the people, hockey-pandering, he could take fans' questions at his next town hall -Oh, wait --
stop the PR AND DO YOUR JOB
Yet another reason I can't stand you.
I assume you meant let's save Medicaid, the ACA and our democracy. And let's stop White House corruption.  #realPA
Hey Pat, you understand that with a Cup Championship, the Pens will hold their 2nd town hall in as many years... 2 more than you have held..
This is one thing we can agree on.  
Let's go Pens!
You are one hell of a senator! You won't comment on anything important like healthcare, Russia, Trump but you comment on the penguins?
You are from Allentown, you fraud
"Best of luck to Pennsylvanians because I am making sure you all have healthcare and I'm NOT voting for the ACHA" is what you MEANT right?
We finally agree on something!
What about Medicaid sen #Toomey
How about responding to your constituents for a change. You were elected to represent us, not hid from us. Your cowardice is insulting.
Really this is what is on your mind?
Gotta give it up to all the Libtards in this thread.   Consistent on the "Town Hall" baiting.
You don't have time man! You're states still a broke as* shi*hole of despair .
ProTip: Penguins colors are Black & Gold.
Worst. Font. Ever.
If pens win, how about you move to Tennessee.
Maybe meet with your constituents to find out how the health care bill will affect families in your state.
Why would he hold a Town hall knowing it would be sabotaged by Libtards?!?
you are wrong about everything.
Are you planning to attend any games? We'd love to meet with you...
Why would he hold a Town hall knowing it would be sabotaged by Libtards?!?
Senator please work to pass a federal minimum wage increase that would guarantee a living wage for food service workers at sporting events.
They'd get replaced by kiosks.   Wise up man.
All of us would appreciate a #ToomeyTownHall maybe if the Pens win you can meet with us you hiding coward?
Why would he hold a Town hall knowing it would be sabotaged by Libtards?!?
Who designed that shitty graphic?
Hold a town hall, coward. You're not worthy of rooting for the penguins
Why would he hold a Town hall knowing it would be sabotaged by Libtards?!?
You know what would be great?  If you had face to face town hall meetings with your constituents.  No more of that teleconference !
Why would he hold a Town hall knowing it would be sabotaged by Libtards?!?
Senator, did someone pay you to tweet this? Money does seem like your main motivator. Hold a town hall so we can discuss.
@townhallproject Awesome, no how about a citizen town hall #ToomeyTownHall
Why would he hold a Town hall knowing it would be sabotaged by Libtards?!?
I don't know. Ask him why he hasn't held one since 2015 & why he has never held a town hall in Philadelphia. Plenty of his constituents.
Because all Libtards care about is making a scene & whining about Trump.
