THANK YOU SENATOR TOOMEY!
SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT
UNWAVERINGLY
LOL. Bots don't get a vote.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!MEMES!
OH SHIT. ALL CAPS. IT'S SERIOUS.
THANK YOU NOW I CAN SEE IT BETTER
SURE THING. WHY ARE WE STILL YELLING?
....sez anti-Labor Pat Toomey.
Fake #LaborDay greetings: your #TaxReform agenda will take more $$$ from working people, and transfer it to corporations and plutocrats. Sad
And always remember
A TV "town hall"  not a real face-to-face meeting with constituents who want to speak to you.  Why not face reality?
Just called your Allentown office and asked for your DACA opinion. They hung up on me. Called back, they picked up and hung up again? Nice.
Oh, I am glad it doesn't just happen to me.I was feeling like it was something about me personally.There is a girl in PGH, she is pleasant
Kids are getting ready for school, parents are getting ready too, those in the retail business are working back to school sales...
You act like we are children.  You think you know what is best for us no matter what we tell you. You don't listen. You don't act.  HEAR US
How can we rest when we have an idiot running our Country into the ground. No one respects the USA anymore.  Guess you are well rested.
Get to work Toomey and get rid of Trump
Don't like people bringing up your kids? Work to defend the kids of others.
You suck
Cool! Then you'll be supporting a higher minimum wage, right?
You can't rest when you have to work 80 hours a week to pay the bills in a country where Congress drives DOWN wages.
How could the poor & middle class enjoy the holiday while worrying about healthcare, taxes and the destroying of the environment?
By everyone you mean white straight Christians, right?
thank you. you 2
No thanks to those who will not raise minimum wage or ensure  equal pay. Support labor by giving the worker correct compensation.
You might be resting but your constituents are busting their asses, not knowing what the wack job in the White House will do next! #resist
Brought to you by the GOP: "We've never done a damned thing for labor, and we never will. If you have $10m plus, we can talk." #ImpeachTrump
This man doesn't deserve to be arrested for daring to ask you a question!
Listen to your constituents: save DACA.
I feel restful Trump wants to start a nuclear war.
The one  solitary day a year where you'll  barely see the GOP mentioning anything postitve about labor!
Because they do not support unions. 
Thank you to the UNIONS who got us this day.
Distance of his office to the UMWA retirement office - he has to be dragged to address miner's rights and the health of retirees
He's human garbage.
Really? I haven't had a good nights sleep since Jan 20th..Glad you can. While trying to take healthcare, deporting Dreamers, Damn just Damn!
I did, Senator. I did enjoy the day to celebrate the rights and progress made for the working peoples by the help of union leftist thugs.
Since you have the day off, please find the time to review #DACA and take a position on bipartisan legislation currently pending
Apparently the topic of this week's whinefest has been assigned.
Quit!
My wish is for not 1, but 2 Senators that aren't in politics for personal gain. Looks like we only have one @SenBobCasey, who cares about PA
Please act to protect DREAMERs!   This is your chance to make a difference.
Thanks. I'd appreciate you taking the day off from destroying unions and workers rights.
No time to rest. You must work now to #DefendDREAMers #DefendDACA
Look forward to seeing you fight for immigrants reform in congress as hard as you fight to limit Medicaid spending.


I'm wishing the new season bring the demise of the Trump administration and the destruction of the Republican Party into dust!
Dreamers deserve a happy and restful day today. Get back to Washington and do your job, @SenToomey  #DACA
Speaking of labor, I hope you'll go on record to support those on DACA who have worked hard and contributed to American life. Save DACA!
Enjoy your final term Toomey.
Did you spend today thinking about how you ignore your constituents? We're paying attention.
He doesn't care!
I know he doesn't care, but I can't give up trying to help him grow a heart. But it does feel hopeless.
& you are complicit in the failures of 45. Civil rights & the rule of law are important to PA!!! Please find a backbone or just resign.
It's hard to relax as you continue to fail to defend vulnerable people in Pennsylvania.
And all of us are watching GOP. Hoping those who voted against helping Sandy victims (cruel!) find a heart for Houston.
Thanks. Please get back to work and focus on protecting DACA. Ending it is unspeakably cruel.
Restful? With numnuts in WH? Surely u jest! He's gonna push the button or tax me to death. Either way we are screwed - there went happy too
Should probably listen to your voters and impeach asap before he does something we can't undo.  Get some stones and speak up. Now
And stay tuned for a tax plan that will take away the home mortgage and 401 deduction! Wow, cruel even by current GOP standards.
That would be easier to do if we didn't have to lay awake nights worried about what terrible things you & pal Trump are doing to America
When http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/houston-texas/article/Missing-volunteer-pulled-from-Cypress-Creek-12170986.phpyou … allow Trump to end DACA, this is who you impact:
except, you know, labor unions, which  you oppose
And the daca kids.....
Hopefully he know the facts
Happy Labor Day Pat!
How can we knowing how you treat people--like dreamers?  Xenophobic like Trump...
Thank you to the union organizers and workers for this day. The GOP has nothing to do with it.
You haven't done anything since November. Why should today be any different? #NoConfidence
Why no comment on important things e.g.DACA, ACA, the importance of the FIRST amendment.all you can do is happy labor day
Guess the Dreamers won't have that though since Trump wants to end DACA. We will remember your support of him and how gutless you have been.
How do you think the DACA kids are enjoying the holiday?
Here's how far your office is to the UMWA retirement office - you dragged your feet on Retirement and Healthcare for #UMWA workers.
I read every reply and only ONE supports you. What does that say, Paddy?
#GetaBackbone
Are you going to support the DREAM act? How about health care? Townhall in PGH NOW
I wish you cared about your constituents and what they want. I wish your vote wasn't for sale.
No rest or joy today for us. 0ne of our senators is "phoning it in" & completely ignoring his constituents.
The Dreamers (91% of whom are employed) will have a more restful Labor Day if congressional reps like youresist Trump's plan to deport them.
Why would you have a constituent arrested at your town hall for asking a legitimate question?
Sounds more like we should have just asked @SenToomey what his favorite lunchmeat is - nothing of substance. He Sucks!
Hey, #SpinelessCoward! Why should today be different than any other day for you? All you do is slack off. #DoYourJob! #YourPinkSlipIsComing!
Review your #DACA stance. We NEED them.#GreatPeople. Have the guts to have a real #TownHall in W.PA.
Today I spent my morning sending out letters to the likes of you to #ProtectDACA
Many in your state. 
1/3/23 #ADIOS
Every day is Labor Day for you, buddy.
Says the no available senator that does little to support labor
It's impossible to rest with that monster you love in the White House (or is he golfing again??!). #supportDACA & serve your constituents!!
Even the guy u had arrested at your "townhall?"
He is such a snowflake.  Can't answer the tough question.  I wonder if this is his plan when someone asks him a tough question. SAD!
As you & the illegitimate President plot to destroy the country & use it to enrich yourselves. #VoteToomeyOut #ImpeachTrump #LockThemAllUp
Hey senator, while we're on the subject, will you pledge to protect unions and union workers?
#DACA
Please, for the sake of all of your constituents, Does that salutation extend to #DreamAct and #DACAWorks participants?
Town hall?  Did you read @SenMcCain  op ed?  He knows who he works for. Please follow his lead and listen to your constituents!
Seriously? You seem to rest every day. Do you ever work?
What a piece of  you are. Anything for tax cuts ! How about those 800,000 #daca kids that work hard? Anything to say about them?
But will you fight to protect Dreamers?  Remember that's most important.
They are productive members of America society
Hard to be restful when no one knows what an unpredictable President is going to do and the GOP fiddles while our republic burns.
Why do your tax plans not include lower wage tax,lifting the cap on SS deductions, a living wage, treating dividends like wages?
#donothing
And I wish you'd come to Philly for a town hall.
Brought to you by unions
I doubt #DACA kids can rest with the fear of deportation looming.
Agreed, like they are a threat to anyone
Why do you support deporting Immigrant labor? Why don't you say something about it on Labor Day? Can you buy a spine at home depot?
He probably only shops at Lowe's. Home Depot supports marriage equality & protections for LGBT folks.
Please don't deport DACA folks!
You ever coming out from behind the camera? We would like to speak with you.
Just think Dreamers and to the right thing! The cruelty of keeping 800,000 lives up in the air is unbelievable!
Going back to work soon Pat? Got your donor wishlist up to date? No comments on that twatwaffle you support?! Useless Fraud.
I am sure all the young people protected by DACA are having just a wonderful day Senator?
You and the rest of congress have been resting all summer.  Back to work and stop Republican obsession with obstructionism.
You too pat
How can we be happy when the lives of almost 800,000 innocent young ppl, contributing members of the country, are being upended? #DefendDACA
Deport DEPORT!!!! Imediately!!!
You can rest because you don't have to work for your money like most of us Americans.
Does that include Dreamers? #StandUpForDACA
No, they can be deported.
I wish you would have a town hall meeting. I wish you would think about the people in PA. I wish you were not my senator.
And I wish to get a town hall. To bad I have senator that doesn't care about his constituents.
@ToomeyMemes @SenToomey His latest newsletter states just had 75th Town Hall. BS 30 ppl. Need 3 huge long ones Pitt,Phil,Hburg
Support legislation 2 provide Dreamers w/a path 2 citizenship. It's the American way. & it wld be quite costly if DACA ended. 
Also #SaveACA
Stop trying to take away our HC & tax us to death. Your billionaire friends don't need tax breaks. 

Any statement on the dreamers?
No one rests when this country is headed in such a hateful, ugly direction. I look forward to speaking with you about this at a town hall.
What ugly direction? American taking our country back!!!
To what?
We wish you'd listen to your constituency.
You should support an increase  on the minimum wage for the laborers. #FightFor15
You are not my senator!  Such a coward:  afraid to face your constituents. You're so out of touch. What happened to your Catholic values?
No room at the INN.
He is Judas Iscariot and Pontius Pilate rolled into one.
$ChaChing = sleeping with the DeVos'.
The American people want stronger protections for workers and Unions.
Not happening since the head of the GOP i: focused on cruelty and short sighted political gains and you and colleagues do nothing #daca.
Defend DACA, Pat. Do something positive for a change!
Even the dreamers? Do your job! #resist
GFY
Especially the Dreamers?
They can dream in another country. They already took AWAY from my children.
Oh, what did they take from you, exactly? Bots don't have rights.
Hard to be happy & rested when you are trying to take away all of our rights as workers to enrich your billionaire friends.
Any Republican that votes for #DACA before #Obamacare REPEAL, #TaxRelief or #BuildTheWall needs to be VOTED OUT of Congress. Period.
Locate your nuts. Take a position on #DACA. #DefendDACA
