I watched my son in a coma for 5 weeks & he battled back, but you will take his Medicaid to give tax cuts to the rich! VOTE NO! to GOP bill
When you say "we" you mean the richest Americans and not the people of Pa.
4...opinion..grow a set.  You are supposed to be speaking for us..again..Do your Job! Or just get another career.
3 ref Trump's executive orders weakening environmental laws. You haven’t said a word that would help protect the environment,  Do your job?
You'd be better off if you sat down with real PA RESIDENTS to discuss healthcare access.
Tax reform = more for the rich!
Pat....you're not telling the truth....
Not true. Just Wallstreet Rat, selling out Pennsylvanians so you can get a belly rub from your master..Trump. Should have been honest
But, Senator, last night you said that people on Medicaid are also likely to be opioid dependent. So Medicaid = bad? Sooo confused.
My son is not an Opioid-dependent he is just a guy that got dealt a bad hand...but, you just don't care, he doesn't have a PAC!
Tax reform ,tell the true Tax breaks for Millionaires
You admit you didn't think Trump would win so you wouldn't need a plan. You are great at complaining but absolutely terrible at legislating
You and yours worked for years to undermine ACA and you admitted on ABC27 that you had not real plan to replace. I see now why no townhalls
You did a better job of explaining the Senate bill.  Corporate tax reduction - ? lost revenue - make tax code simple will be a win
This bill is as unpopular as you are. Please represent your constituency. When will the hearings be for this bill?
How about sitting down, in person, with constituents?
He can't ,liars can't face people with thier lies
Have a REAL TOWN HALL and listen to us we are begging you and you don't listen to us! We are PA and we are begging you! VOTE NO!
Oh great, you plan to keep taxing the upper 1% at the rate they deserve and help the low and middle class? Yeah right! LOL
@SenToomey you don't understand how healthcare works.  Please read proposal and listen to PA voters.
2. Ref. Letter to constituents explaining your vote for DeVos.  You know that was wrong but you rolled over for Trump anyway.  Do your job!
And who listens to that show? I dare you to stop avoiding mainstream media and PA residents. Hold a REAL open town meeting.
Bunch of Crap Reconciliation Act is a tax break for the rich. It hurts the poor and vulnerable. Eliminating Medicaid helps no one.
Your idea of tax reform is tax breaks for the wealthy. Not cool Pat, not cool.

Repeal Obamacare now!!!  Ian a Pennsylvanian get this done.
Too bad the Coward Toomey failed to make the case for either.
"When Republican leaders like Pat Toomey are this stupid, it's no wonder his party nominated Trump."  -  Bruce Bartlett
Can you talk about something other than Medicaid?  Why will older folks pay 5X more than younger folks for the same policy, for example?
Because the older folks use 10x the services! Health care is not a buffet.
I don't object to paying school taxes, but find your logic specious.  It's a slippery slope.
Pat just go away. Come back in 5 years when you need people's votes again. 
Wait. He already went away lol
And he should not come back
my family has #celiacdisease already higher food &medical costs.  Don't allow insurance companies to make them even higher
"I sat down to discuss how #Wealthcare will destroy Medicaid, and why my rich friends need tax reform now"  - THERE. Fixed it for you.
Tax reform and healthcare are two different issues you want to cut healthcare to give tax breaks shame on you
Did you tell the truth about tax breaks for millionaires like you at the expense of millions kicked off and higher prices
There are 354,616 reasons why you don't care about your constituents. And probably more than that. Sad that money has more value than people
You sat with a controlled audience and answered cannned questions. We want a real healthcare bill not the repeal & tax cut you are selling
maybe sit down with your constituents next time and discuss how TrumpCare will hurt them so they will remember you took their care away.
Your constituents are still waiting to have a discussion with you. When is that town hall again? #NoToTrumpCare #RealPA

More lies from a dispicable excuse for a senator.  Just be honest, you will trade Americans' lives for tax breaks for your biggest donors.
The tax reform we need is to start treating carried interest as income, not Brownbackistan giveaways to the rich. Raise taxes to fund health
Call it #Trumpcare
22 million voters will remember your vote on health care I am pa voter
no tax cuts for the purpose of diminishing health care funds   Or your last term next election
Your constituents, who you are *supposed* to represent, have made crystal clear that we want you to #OpposeBCRA Listen to us. 15126
Lying Pat. Big donor Toomey. Hard at work screwing working Pennsylvanian citizens everyday. 
Drive fast Pat, take chances.
@SenToomey you're a joke and we can't wait to elect you out of office 
Your cowardice to not actually answer questions from constituents in a back and forth making national news.  https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jul/05/pat-toomey-ted-cruz-healthcare-bill-protest …
If you have this many constituents questioning your representation I am forced to wonder...Do you know who you represent? Do you care?
How does #Trumpcare correspond with Catholic social teaching on concern for poor and disenfranchised among us? (crickets) I didn't think so.
Sen. Toomey, when you're already stuck in a hole, the first rule is to stop digging.
Wow, so out of touch. @SenToomey does not represent middle class PA voters; rather he spews talking points from his corporate overlords.
Please repel Obama care, not insurance or health care! Replace later with free market solution, @SenateGOP @SenBobCasey
Enough jibberish and just do your job if you recall what that is anymore!
No Trumpwealthcare !!!
There is a solution Toomey. It's called single payer. Unfortunately your pockets get lighter. Do what your constituents want.
No thks,
Meet with us face to face - the people you represent, you coward - not this pretend land you live in - constituent 15236
@TuesToomeyHBG  - everyone reply w zip code to make this coward give us a town hall
Again you show how your concern isn't for the majority of keystoners, but you do talk a good game
Pathetic.
You're a disgusting person and if anyone should lose their health care, it's you.
Why do you keep lying? Have you caught Lyin'Disease from DJT? EVERYONE-CBO,KFF,CAP says Medicaid will be GUTTED! Fess up!! VOTE NO!
Bull shit. Also, your priorities are clear when you mention taxes along with healthcare
Yeah, because Obama care is based on a tax and wealth transfer! They lied about the program.
You must be heavily on the dole from the health insurance lobby....you just won't give up on this horrible legislation!
No offense, but based on the background of the staff, I would take this as a conservative think tank PR machine, not a journalist outlet.
Hold some hearings on these topics.  These press events with friendly questioners with no follow up are getting old.
It a shame that you refuse to sit down with your constituents and discuss healthcare and the huge tax cuts for the wealthy.
We need universal healthcare now. Real tax reform (not just more loopholes for the wealthy folks) would be great, too.
No thks!
You're a liar & you're spinning this narrative. You're giving tax breaks to the rich & the poor will die for it! #toomeylies #SaveMedicaid
Why not do a town hall in Allentown instead?
McConnell: "If we can't repeal Obamacare, we'll fix it" - so please do @SenToomey. We WANT you to work with the @SenateDems and FIX the ACA!
when the hell are you going to grow a set and meet with the public?
That's real nice Senator. Frackin' hold a face2face town hall where ur constituents can ask u the difficult/tough questions about Trumpcare
No such thing as BetterCare. Does not exist.
"BetterCare" is only better for your rich pals. Why don't you care about the rest of us? #WealthCare
Unbelievable. Killing Americans to deliver tax cuts to the rich. You're disgusting.
Your constituents don't want this, resoundingly.  So who r u representing????
You keep confusing health care with tax cuts.  But I guess your wealthy donors don't need health care, just tax breaks.
Ok.I tried reason. Now,  just bite me. You only know what you are told and you are not well informed.  All you have are @GOP  talking points
@SenBobCasey finished reading thru another damning indictment on this bill. As a Pa resident at a total loss to see your motive here.

Thanks for admitting you guys don't have a clue on health care because you thought Clinton would have won.Voters are dumber than you thought
Again WEALTHcare, taking money from the poor, sick and elderly and giving a FAT tax cut to the rich. That's Covfefe.
Support 4 Consumer Choice Amend = support 4 free market delivery in H/C. Refusal 2 support CCA = @SenToomey  wants single payer! U may reply
We are in the middle of an opoid epidemic! Too many are dying everyday Medicaid Matters
Lies. Do you honestly think it's ok to be the richest country on earth & people still have to do fundraisers for medical costs?! #saveACA
Serve the people of PA!!!!
Prescreen & FAKE NEWS you can tell you're GOP
Offer Stands to tell how 1st, 2cd and 3rd  degree  burns feel from burned out shell of a voter
"I sat down and talked about how we need to obliterate federal funding for Medicaid and how my friends and I need bigger tax cuts." #reality
You are insignificant and obsolete.
Tax reform, because if you don't give your donors tax cuts they might stop donating. Do what's right for the people of PA, not your wallet.
Tax reform and saving Medicaid? By enacting more tax cuts for the wealthy and paying for them by underfunding Medicaid?  How elitist of you.
You are culpable for the potential deaths of millions of Americans if this bill gets passed.  Sleep well at night, Senator.
Pathetic excuse for a legislator.
If only you'd sit down with your constituents.
Sit down with random people of pa and I'm sure you won't find many if any at all that agree with you. Say the truth it's a tax cut  for rich
Save your breath!
Did you count this as a "town hall" too?
FACE YOUR CONSTITUENTS IN AN OPEN TOWN HALL!!!
GOP Senators have walked away, POTUS is fighting CNN and you are 1 of 6 mounting a media "rollout" for this bill, poor work sir.
Are you REALLY watching out for your constituents OR the 1%!  It is your job to listen to US, your constituents
Save lives. Stop trumpcare.
Heard you're clip stating republicans weren't expecting to win the presidency. Ok neither were 63 mil what have you been doing for 8 yrs?
If you cover less people you lose
Did you discuss #essentialhealthbenefits or #lifetimecaps
Oh man. I like you so much better when you tell the truth
#ACA #BCRA #captainobvious
Yes you did and we don't believe you.
Stop lying! CBO: 4 million would lose employer-provided insurance under Senate GOP ObamaCare bill
U sir are invited2my home 2have a true town mtg  u will never expt let alone reply. Behonest Unever will tk to anyone outsideof the repparty


Try having town hall meetings, u will find out what ur  constituents really think about u wanting to kick 22 million from having healthcare
you need tax reform so your sponsors get a return on investment, your constituents need affordable healthcare.
Your constituents still say vote NO
Senator, I will consider taking you seriously just as soon as you explain why congress is exempt from #BRCA. #NoACArepeal
This has a familiar ring. We can only save Medicaid by gutting it...?
Yeah, I'm a hard no on that.
#BetterCare is #LessCare because your tax "reform" is a permanent tax cut. #lessisless #townhall #timidpattoomey
I love how you lied about meeting daily with constituents. Nice try you #SpinelessCoward! Your #PinkSlipIsComing, we will vote you out!
I challenge you to take specific Medicaid cases and to help us work through what those people lives will look like in 2026.
So you lied some more?  Please stop doing that.  As a PA citizen I'm telling you to keep the ACA until we have a plan that helps people.
We're all your constituents there? Tell me about the questions they asked.  #cantfoolus. #fakesenator
How much more do the billionaires and millionaires need ??
Why not have a town hall with actual people?  Seems your tax reform is code for let's make the wealthy, wealthier.  @TheDemocrats @bpolitics
Again your statements run COUNTER to CBO.  Are you dense or deluded, or lying?
I REPEAT: STOP TALKING WITH MEDIA! Schedule a town hall (not 8 invitees) to discuss your healthcare plan.
I would love to sit with you and talk to you about why I feel so strongly about this. I would tell you the story of my mom
Medicaid/Medicare allowed her to watch me grow up through her battles with cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, backpain, diabetes & heart disease
My mom was disabled due to her crippled hands and unable to work my whole life, so she relied on her SSI and health insurance a lot.
My mom went into the icu in April for heart disease from her cancer treatments. While she was fighting for her life, we had to talk about...
How we were STILL going to pay for her medical bills even after Medicaid and Medicare. She was in the icu for 3 weeks.
I lost my mom on May 2, 2017 and it's the hardest thing I've ever done. You taking away life saving care from families seems so easy for you
Your actions have consequences. No one should go through the pain of loss. How much $$ is a Pennsylvanian's life worth to you?
My mom taught me to fight for what is right and you sir, are not right for Pennsylvania. #BCRA is not right for the US and it is despicable
This is what your Koch bro PAC preaches. But let's be clear your AHCA is a tax cut and your reforms only benefit you and yours. Sell out.
While youre getting kickbacks from insurance companies and BigPharma Pennsylvanians have to scrape $$ together for medication and hospitals
STOP!  You keep trying to spin this.
$354,616 !!!  Shame on you.  You want to take away our healthcare and Medicaid while you get kickbacks.  You should resign.
Why not go after drug pricing I guess this list sums it up tax breaks for the rich no healthcare for the unfortunate shame on you
Stop acting like youre doing something for your constituents You use tax payer money to sit and lie to Pennsylvanians on right-friendly news
Taking aware healthcare to give money to the rich is not "tax reform" its bad politics, policy, bad for the families affected and bad for PA
The only part I believe is "I sat down"
Well, it probably was with American Radio Journal, whatever the fuck that is.
Please protect Medicaid for the poor, children, the elderly, and pregnant women and babies.
Really you're gonna argue we need to give the richest 400 families in the country a tax break larger than the median income #getaclue
#BetterCare #MyASS
Translate - Why we need to gut Medicaid so us rich bitches can get a tax break.
Lie !!!!! Medicaid doesn't need saving, except from REPUBLICANS !!
YOU ARE A LIAR AND A THIEF.  GO TO CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL AND THEN THE VA HOSPITAL.
Keep tweeting lies and we'll keep calling you a liar, liar.
My God, Pat. You truly are the worst of the worst. Well, except for Cornyn & Christie. Is there any scrap of your soul that isn't for sale?
I totally second that
Hi Pat. Concerned PA resident here. Lying about your garbage plan doesn't make it not garbage. It just makes you a liar. Have a neat summer.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
But you won't face your constituents because you are a coward. Have a real town hall.
No, leaving Medicaid alone is what will save Medicaid- and lives. Stop trying to trick people- your lying sets a new low for politicians.
Tax reform should not mean tax cuts for your richest friends...
Also, in a real town hall when you avoid answering a question, another person follows up asking for a clear answer. Not in media appearance!
I'm sure that was enlightening.    You can repeat your lies as often as you want.  We still know you don't care about your constituents.
Lying again, Pat. 'Medicaid too expensive' as you push tax cuts. Quit already. It's old. You're sick.
In a real town hall, you don't to answer the same question on medical marijuana three times.

Patty, Patty Patty, again you are spinning lies frantically. You are Gretchen Weiner trying to make fetch happen... it's not.
Thanks for taking valuable tax-payer time to sit down with some hack right wing "radio journal" that has 154 followers.
If folks wo insurance get sick, cost of HC goes up for all. HC workers will lose jobs. Prioritize HC over tax breaks!
Chris Christie is all that stands between you and the #1 spot on Elected Official Most Detested by Constituents list (Non Trump Category.)
I just can't "like" this enough 
There isn't enough lipstick in the world to pretty up this pig.

You lied.
Senator you are making your base even angrier; this "plan" hurts your base constituents. 1946x
#Bettercare isn't better for any of us  #PA
Yeah, "#SaveMedicaid" the same way cult leaders "save" their followers with poison Kool aid. Stop lying. #ToomeyTheTool #ProtectOurCare
Do you care more about lower taxes than you do about his education & therapy? Your Pgh staff wouldn't even hear our story.
Bless you. I worry about my son as well. What will we do?
Keep trying 
Did you try to get a meeting with Pat? Call your local tv station and a local reporter. Tell your story.
Tax reform, like closing the loopholes you exploit to make everyone pay more and get less for it? Cut your healthcare first.
When will you do a townhall with your constituents?  You know, the people who elected you?  Or is this the spineless part showing?
No, I mean his constituents. He serves PA not the GOP. Worried about hearing how unpopular conservative policies are my little snowflake?
You know when you're not entitled to "civil"? When your idea of civil is taking health insurance away from 770k PA citizens to cut taxes
