stop it!! You do not have the best interest of women, pre-existing conditions or children
and yes, he supports insider trading. Say no to Tom Price.
He may be your friend but he demonstrates unethical behaviors. In Corp America he would be fired.
Mr Price has a record of working against the health of LGBT individuals. Is this to suggest you also are against us?
Will you put LGBT patients first too?
#alternativefacts
Wrong Senator... vote NO for Price, DeVos, Pruitt, Puzder & Mnuchin!
surely you realize that Price is no friend of those we need Medicaid & Medicare.
a disaster
Shame on you
you are not even ashamed of your corruption
another crook on the take just like you on the take toomey
are you not concerned with all conflicts - if this was Hillary that would be all over the news
https://www.c-span.org/video/?421723-1/hhs-nominee-representative-tom-price-testifies-capitol-hill …
Price is as corrupt as they come. He will be the poster boy for pay to play. Please use your head.
Yes, Rep. Price will be the BEST choice. We are praying for him and the whole administration
I oppose Price for his goal to gut Social security and Medicare and ending the ACA to replace with ?
r u joking? insider trading, ACA repealer with no comparable "replacement." Vote no - best for PA!
Surely you jest. Tom Price is a product of old boy cronyism. #BlockTomPrice
Your a joke and sell out!
Price is conflicted. Part of the swamp @realDonaldTrump promised to drain. #fakepromises #sad
as a constituent I ask that you vote against Proce's nomination. My fam and neighbors agree.
WRONG! . Why is it that Republicans all join in the same lies? Price will dismantle HC in America.
many of us are concerned with your choices and do not agree.
not true. He is profiting from future trading. Demand a second hearing
he does not-He doesn't understand the medically NEEDY who ALSO deserve life! #notaburneddownhouse #coveragematters #dontkillmykid
yeah and don't defund planned parenthood. How does a MAN defund a woman's program.
choades, all of you
Rice will be a disaster for Pennsylvanians.  For once, try putting your constituents first.
you claim nothing like this ever happened with nominations? Where was disgust refusing Obama pick for a year??
shame on you 4 taking health care from thousands.Pre existing condition? Too bad - Pay high premium
.@SenToomey @RepTomPrice peace of mind will be gone 4 ppl on individual market if #ACA is repealed, & we will be voting. Repair not replace
NO.
I'm a MD and a constituent of yours. Price does NOT represent my interests or my patients #NotMyAMA
Puts patients first by using his office for financial gain? You can't be serious. #SaveACA
And, don't do business in the wee hours of the morning. It's cowardly! Man up! If you want to do wrong by us, do it when we're not sleeping.
Price is one of the worst appointments so far. I don't care if he's your friend.
He will be the WORST. Please vote NO.
@SenateFloor @SenateGOP @CNN
#resist #Resistance #TheResistance #ResistTrump
PA doesn't want you to support Tom Price. You will be up for election again.  PA is watching you.
how can you tweet this with a "straight face".  PRICE??  You are killing people.
serious question...how do you reconcile your choices? SAD!
what is your plan for ACA repeal? What are you replacing with? Oh right nothing. You are so grody.
Tom Price puts PROFITS 1st, not patients. Be real. People like him are the problem. PS - Your voicemailbox is full. LISTEN to PA.
#SaveObamacare
Improve, don't repeal #ACA.  Your greed will kill Americans. Shame on you!
ADMITTED TO INSIDER TRADING IN PHARMA!  #priceiswrong
Are you serious?  Price profited 400% on Innate Immuno.  He has an ethical pre-existing condition!
#Lining his pockets while manipulating stocks
Tom Price is a crook! Recent ethics violations- used his position in congress to increase his own wealth!
your "friend" @RepTomPrice pushed legislation to benefit his own financial interests. #thepriceiswrong
unqualified deny- based on yr constituents wishes. You represent US not own selfish interests or GOP. Also criminal behavior 
Your "friend" is an inside trader. Blatant dishonesty. DRAIN THE SWAMP HA!  http://www.wsj.com/articles/donald-trumps-pick-for-health-secretary-traded-medical-stocks-while-in-house-1482451061 …
he wants to leave 20 mil Americans w/o healthcare & defund @PPFA, which provides invaluable healthcare to women. #TerriblePick
#choosehumanitynotpolitics. Don't take our ACA!
By putting patients first, do you mean taking away their health care? Because that's the opposite.
.@SenToomey @RepTomPrice @realDonaldTrump unless you have cancer, MS, or mental illness. Then you get to choose bankruptcy or death right?
you had 6 years to develop a replacement. I doubt you will develop one in the next 6 years
please he is a disaster for women and health care for all of us. A very large majority no on repeal
VOTE NO ON TOM PRICE.  HE WILL BE BAD FOR PENNSYLVANIA.
Shaub,director of the federal Office of Government Ethics,should be commended for doing his job, not threatened.
He won't be able to do anything if the American people can't get coverage for preexisting conditions
I read every single reply and NONE of them were  supportive. What, your voters don't use Twitter?
...or MAYBE your stance on health-care is really unpopular.
What patients does he put first? You mean MALE patients! He doesn't support women's health. #itsMYbodynotYOURS
The ACA put patients first. Here's a letter from one of your constituents (who you've chosen to ignore) explaining http://www.phillyvoice.com/ms-patient-toomey-let-me-enlighten-you-about-need-affordable-health-care/ …
How dare you say putting patients 1st!You are putting special interests' groups first! We will get you out of office
are u kidding? Patients first?
What are u both doing to protect the health of women, kids, fams, ppl w/preexisting conditions??
Call and talk to .@SenToomey staffers to voice your opinion on ACA repeal. I got thru at Allentown: (610) 434-1444
.@RepTomPrice .@SenToomey proposes buying insur. policies across states to lower costs. Here's why that's nonsense. http://khn.org/news/sounds-like-a-good-idea-selling-insurance-across-state-lines/ …
you claim to be Pro Life but you don't care if people die. You voted to Make Anericans Die! Shame!
- ACA saved my brother's life. I will happily vote against anyone who supports repeal.
how do the over 20 million people losing coverage feel like they're now "first"? #FamilyValues
Disgusted? Call Toomey's office: (202) 224-4254, Pgh (412) 803-3501, Philly (215) 241-1090
.@SenToomey  I got thru to a live staffer at Allentown office: (610) 434-1444
where is the plan to rep,ace my healthcare that you voted to take Away?
Please don't repeal AHC without a replacement. Put someone else first for once.
Republicans don't give a crap about you.
My voting location is the Good Shepherd Raker Center in Allentown. You should pay those folks a visit & ponder on your ACA votes.
If you want to "put patients first," listen to what we're saying. If costs are too high, go after insurance companies, not us.
Are you kidding? How does repealing ACA help patients?  Unless only concerned about the rich ones?
Great job with the initial vote. Millions losing healthcare coverage, GREAT JOB!
Is that what you were all doing last night?  Patient 1st?  You are doing it wrong.
30M ppl useACA, ur plan to ensure reasonable access to HC by ppl w pre-extng cndtns? U had yrs to create alt plan.
Hope this means he's in favor of laws & regulations that make it easier for Drs & pts to challenge Ins Co. decisions
why did you vote against letting young ppl stay on parents' plan till 26? I genuinely want to know.
it is irresponsible to repeal #SaveObamacare esp.access to free high quality birth control.
... no he won't.
YOU ARE A PARTISAN HACK NOT A FRIEND OF PA RESIDENTS WHO WANT THE ACA
I want an explanation why you voted NO on amendment to lower drug prices last night #MakeAmericaSickAgain
um, yeah, me too!
Is the $250,000 from big pharma why you voted "nay" on lower drug costs bill?
Do not replace ACA unless it is judged better by objective criteria. Or all of you lose next time
Why did that repeal include CHIP? If ppl can't afford cov children lose!
GOP are showing just how heartless they are. & lobbyists asked them to!
it is irresponsible to gut ACA without a plan. Protect Americans #SaveACA
and an awful record. Why do 6000 doctors oppose him? He will not work for the common people.
Well @SenToomey @RepTomPrice @realDonaldTrump apparently repealing and delaying lead to putting patients 1st?  #MakeAmericaSickAgain
I am Doctor in your state. You are doing your state no benefit my supporting @RepTomPrice. Have you asked your constituents??
what about the commitments you have made to serve vets? How will you answer the cries of your constituency?
yeah, I was pretty surprised to see vets getting kicked off. How low can you go?
He will be a disastrous choice. He puts doctors and corporations first, not patients! (And I'm a doctor!)
completely disspointed in you as a public official for voting against the ACA. We won't forget.
"Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane." - Martin Luther King
you mean "that puts well-off patients first." Sicker/poorer ppl will suffer.
why did I think you would do the right thing; voting down protections for those with pre-existing conditions is morally wrong.
Obama care is bankrupting the middle class, crashing the health care system. It is Unaffordable!!
.@SenToomey .@RepTomPrice's plan worse. Severely limits coverage 4 preexisting. Insur. will be inaccessible for many.
To @SenToomey, I have no words for your cowardly 1:30 am vote to begin dismantling the ACA without an alternative in place. You sicken me.
As one of your constituents, I agree.  I am ashamed to have you as a PA senator.
Same. I'm in your district. If I lose my marketplace coverage (family of 4) you'll be accepting the blame.
unless it is UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE..I don't believe it
Do you have your nose up the ass of every nominee? Asking for a friend.@RepTomPrice @realDonaldTrump
voting down protections for those with pre-existing conditions is not making health care better.
But how can you talk about replacing ACA without a suitable alternative.  Health over Party please
.@SenToomey .@RepTomPrice's proposed ACA replacement is fraught w/ problems. http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/11/29/503720671/5-things-to-know-about-rep-tom-prices-health-care-ideas …
Traitor Pig
You cannot ingood faith allow @SenatorSessions to be AG and this is why:
.@CoryBooker testifies against Jeff Sessions: "our country demands a more courageous empathy" 
I,m all right Jack so no healthcare for American Citizens with pre existing conditions, evil man.
dude, you suck!!!
most anti-science cabinet ever - anti-reproductive rights, anti-vaccines, anti-climate change.
If 2 million PA citizens lose their health care on your watch, we will remember who you supported.
ACA keeps many poor Americans alive. To repeal is barbaric
I urge you, Senator, to deny confirmation for Tom Price, and for tRump to withdraw the nomination.
AML+FLT3+19yo+>$1M in bills +prex condition=ty #aca for saving my baby's life.  #repeal1stkills
another OLD WHITE GUY.
don't gut ACA without plans to replace it. Why the rush!
because he's against helping people in any way unless you're a billionaire!
Nonsense. Price had insiders trading on biomeds stocks along w Collins of ny.
wheres trumps tax returns?
keep the ACA and provide a Public Option!
no he will not. Just another crook to fleece Americans.
He made money off Phrma/Health Insur. STOCKS while on health subcommittee. CRIMINAL CRONY CABINET!!
You better not screw us with healthcare, unless you're willing to give up your sweet Gov't HC plan!
I'm currently laying in a hospital bed. When pre-existing conditions come back, thanks to you, I'll hand-deliver you my bills?
when you emptily campaign on healthcare of a single kid, but forget the 27 year olds who you also serve, you fail to do your job
my heart went out of rhythm and I was unconscious and alone for almost a minute. Should we be more focused on insurance profits?
has a long history of harming the poor. His bank - Predatory Lending & then Home Stealing. We need to vote him out!
. If he put patients first he wouldn't want to strip healthcare from millions of people.
Right as long as you aren't sick, old, poor or a woman. His plan severely impacts these groups.
An amazing pick to dismantle the health care safety net and throw Americans under the bus.
is no friend to patient healthcare.  Vote no on his appointment.
so you have no ethical concerns on his investing in health related co. using insider knowledge?
Aren't your lips getting sore from kissing the butts of all these unqualified appointees?
are you part of this Russia ring too? Is that why you want to rush in all these terrible nominees?
I TOTALLY oppose the repeal of the ACA.Too many people depend upon it and you have NO alternative.Stop this insanity
how can anyone support a nominee that has said - not one woman struggles to afford birth control
What about taking away health insurance from MILLIONS of Americans w/o a replacement? You should serve ALL Pennsylvanians.
What about #Tillerson & #Sessions ? What about #Russia & DJT??
toomey doesnt care
this is a terrible pick
