I called your office to ask for details about what you would be opening debate on they said they didn't know and hung up on me  PGH 15212
And his damn Contact Me page was down today! He's such a joke.
Yep! If him and his staff can't handle the job...
As a PA resident, I don't know how he is in office. I don't know a single fan of his. Wtf.
Guessing the delusional Trump voters voted him back in. they're going 2 have a rude awakening when their healthcare/Medicaid is taken away.
O-care has hurt my family due to the fact we now have 2 deductible to cover because my wife and I can't be on the policy as a family. B.S.
It needs fixing admittedly but not trashing entirely. What did you do before ACA? I don't have it but we all benefit from good parts.
I have always been lucky enough to have employer sponsored plans, but before the ACA I was turned away for a pre-existing condition
You mean, republicans proved that party over country is the only thing that matters. You sir, are an embarrassment to every U.S. citizen.
Totally agree. Too frightened to even hold a town hall
But he does Facebook live and phone town halls all the time according to his offices. That counts......right? Haha
That is like comparing going to a broadway show versus watching it on U tube
Tired of reading your statements. How 'bout we have a chat? Like at a Town Hall or something
Oh my gosh! Like a real democracy!
You only want to repeal the Obamacare because you hate the fact that a black man's name is on it. You KNOW it can be fixed. Selfish.
For sure, every last one of them are racist and can't stand the fact obama did it for the American people
And how did that work out for you?
oh go take a long walk off a short pier.
A so-called skinny appeal is the same as #TrumpLackOfCare. Pretending to solve Medicaid doesn't solve other issues with this bad bill.
You don't listen to your constituents
You don't listen to your colleagues
You don't listen to CBO
This is criminal
#RepairACA
There has to be something that can be done since he is actively avoiding his constituents. We need to find out what can legally be done.
VOTE NO - you will be held responsible for ripping healthcare away from us.  what is wrong with you? This should not be a difficult decision
You are wrong on every issue. You ran on a platform of working across the aisle yet your record is extreme RW. You are working for the 1%.
just who do you represent? The people of PA or the  freedom caucus...no repeal #ACA
WRONG!  SHAME!  STOP HURTING AMERICANS!
So 22 Million Americans without health coverage is a step forward?
Dear Sen. @SenToomey - debate is good, fine. This "skinny" deal is NOT the right deal, please consider voting NO. Think about us here in PA.
Voted for you and ashamed I did. If you vote for Senate repeal and replace of ACA I will make it my MISSION to get you out. #neverforget
WELCOME STEVE!
@SenToomey Don't vote for #GrahamCasiddyBill that is the only way you will be able to help the US with health care #ACASavesLives #Health
we are against the "skinny repeal" and its dumping of at least 16 mill people back into a place where they have no coverage.
Stop r&r. Just fix Obamacare.   Take care of us in pa. That's your job. I think what you do will be remembered for a long time. Years/votes
Please work together
Half truths. The subsidy covers a large portion of the expenses. Most Pennsylvanians can get a plan for $75 a month.
Please do not put partisan politics over the people you are represent.   Healthcare represents a sixth of our economy.   Vote NO!
Hell has no fury like a constituent scorned
It's pointless to ask you to vote no on upcoming bills regarding this, but I'm asking anyway. Not that you'll hear any of us. 
This does not help those who need it the most. I wish you had been as courageous as @lisamurkowski and voted to help Pennsylvanians.
Obamacare doesn't need repeal, it needs repair. For ONCE in your career, put people before your rich donors. I am ashamed of you.
You had 8 years to do something with healthcare ... you're an embarrassment 
Nothing you are doing is improving healthcare and its hard to believe you are not aware of that. Please be strong like #Murkowski #Collins
If Sen Toomey cared about what PA thinks about healthcare, he would have spent last night in a town hall
On the eve of his deciding vote against affordable healthcare, Toomey met with mushroom industry execs instead of constituents @wcdailylocal 
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cid=N00001489&cycle=Career …
Toomey Top Donor: Club for Growth. Their money funds Toomeys campaigns, and he's giving them what they paid for.
Hey jackwagon, Obamacare is failing because of the inaction of you and your buddies failing to work with the Dems on fixing problems.
How is the skinny repeal going to stop my employer provided health insurance rate from doubling? It's not just about Medicaid.
Why read your statement when you don't bother to respond to or represent the people from your state.
this
Your constituents have already told you in droves that they don't want this. What gives?
Senator Toomey, work on fixing what is wrong with the ACA and please drop repeal or replace! I have coverage thanks to the ACA!
2) How have YOU served your country? Not by wearing a uniform & defending our nation, but by tacit approval of despotism & a cruel agenda.
With all due respect, you are WRONG, sir! 1) My father: a WWII Navy vet w/Parkinsons, on MEDICAID w/skilled nursing will lose coverage & DIE
'Skinny' repeal could have big ramifications for Obamacare markets - POLITICO:
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/26/obamacare-markets-skinny-repeal-241003?lo=ap_f1 …
I'm now convinced you have no soul #SaveACA #SaveOurHealthcare #SaveOurCare
Vote no on skinny/ can't justify saving medicare by putting fall out of bad bill on independent professionals backs/bad policy/15million out
Grow a spine and stand up for your constituents, instead of making up fake shit to justify your hurting them.
I don't agree with the GOPs direction on Obamacare. Things wrong. Yes. Fix them one at a time. Repeal is bad. McConnell is also bad.
No repeal.  How about improving health care for everyone?
We are all deserving of affordable access to health care. Grow up and work across the aisle to do better for your const., not the Kochs
#resigntoomey before your name becomes synonymous with "Santorum"
Read your tweets. The people who vote for you do not want this bill. Be a man. Don't support it.
Republicans seem to be debating not on how to cover the last 10 billion, but how many billion to knock off Health Care.

24 billion, 23, 22

Wrong wrong. Drop the tax break for the wealthy x. Start there.
Pennsylvanians don't want a repeal! Vote no. Stop ignoring the people for your own benefit.
#SkinnyRepeal Making Anorexia Great Again!
With a pathetic 37 likes and 800+ comments at the time this was posted do you think maybe you're Voting along the wrong line?
How can you have a debate without a bill? #enoughstatements #KillTheBillDontKillUs
if you truly want to make America better - quit voting and come up with a plan to fix O care - but you do not want to work with anyone - SAD
Could you please stop with the lies, you only care about yourself and where your next buck is coming from,  how sad.
Vote NOoooooo on skinny repeal of ACA  -  Bad for pa families & pa hospitals
As a Pennsylvanian I think it's quite  clear & obvious that we do NOT wish to repeal & replace Obamacare! Repeal & replace YOU instead!
Wow way to support your constituents.  Very sad day
You continue to ignore your constituents.  Sad, and wrong!
do your PA citizens a favor and fix O-care. tRumpcare is an abomination and will be horrible for those with illness and limited income
Hey Pat, your mom called.  She says you suck.
Do you see the tweets asking you to repeal the ACA?
Me either.

If you could only address change without uttering a word against Obamacare... you couldn't do it.
How ashamed I am to have you as Senator! How dare you push this abomination down our throats! No to #RepealAndReplace No to #RepealandRun
Anyone who is stupid enough to believe that you can craft a bill in 20 hours when you couldn't do it 7 years, is too stupid to be a Senator
took real courage (sarcasm) try dealing with Trump and his obstruction of justice and collusion...serve us on something consequential
So how did that vote go?????
Why did you vote no to protect disabled children?
If Pennsylvania had come up with better exchanges when they had the chance..this wouldn't be a problem so blame yourself...you failed!!!!!!
I don't wNt to hear anything from you about healthcare unless you remove the tax breaks for the 1 percenters.
Don't tweet anything Toomey. It's all Bull Shit fed of your buddy, the crazy @realDonaldTrump
Hell bent on throwing millions off of health insurance. #HistoryInTheMaking You should be proud of yourself. PA's won't forget!
You think we won't remember this you POS? Your sooo wrong!
Since you have refused to support a single hearing on ACA replacements, I assume this letter on bipartisanship is just BS
I am a veteran and a constituent and I will never stop fighting your lies. see AMA STATEMENT ON SKINNY BILL https://www.ama-assn.org/ama-statement-senate-debate-health-system-reform …
You should be ashamed of yourself. Continuing to pad your pocket while you vote to take healthcare away from some of the sickest Americans!
When are you running for re election. The healthcare plan will determine my family's vote
The best thing would be to fix up existing healthcare coverage. You all can name it whatever you want. Kill the bill. Save lives.
I will try my best to see that you don't get reelected.  This vote is a narrow biased ignorant attempt to destroy the legacy of Pres. Obama.
U did nothing in 8 years to improve ACA. Do not repeal; start working and fix it. Ur a tool of the HC insurance industry; u r corrupt
Please stop trying to cut healthcare form people and pretending you are not. You lie. You have taxpayer healthcare. Vote NO NO NO.
Called several times. Ur line was unavailable, as usual. Sent u many emails asking u to shut these bills down and listen: we want ACA fixed
Start with changes to your health care that we pay for.   Thank you
@SenToomey since phones aren't being answered & vm is full, here's my message -Your voting to ONLY REPEAL ACA is a disgrace. Killing in PA??
Don't cut individual mandate that makes healthcare viable for all.
Don't vote for skinny healthcare bill.  Individual mandate keeps healthcare viable.
Don't cut Medicaid Expansion and don't cut taxes on the rich that pay for it.  Individual Mandate helps keep healthcare affordable for all
Those who oppose your vote here far outweigh those who seem to approve. Let me know when you're going to work for your constituents.
SHAME!
I am a PA resident. DO NOT vote for straight repeal. Leave Medicaid and stop hiding behind the story you're protecting it for the future
Pay toomey is afraid of town hall meetings..time to begin campaing against him
Did u forget that u work for the ppl? Oh and the ppl don't want this!!#norelection4 u
TOOMEY READ THIS
This process has been behind closed doors. Shameful.
To me, and more and more others, the GOP is looking more and more like bought and sold hacks with no backbone. Sad.
You are throwing millions of people off HC. Stop. The republicans will pay.
#cowardtooney.  All about party, not about his constituents.
You lost my PA vote.
Get rid of your health care first! Then we can talk
Leave health care- Medicare alone!  What world do you live in that you don't care, or choose to ignore what will happen to the middle class
It's called the Affordable Care Act, and you should be working to fix it not voting to take healthcare away from millions.
Will your "thoughts and prayers" go to every Pennsylvanian who dies because you stole  their health care?
I ask again of the GOP...you comfortable becoming serial killers? Victims may include aged, infirm, and severely disabled...oh well...
@SenToomey You do not care who dies or gets hurt or loses jobs for your ideological crusade. The only way to #MAGA is to fire the ENTIRE GOP
If you actually cared about/listened to your constituents you would know that ACA is better for us than anything you have proposed.
You and I are very alike - I am more crass but you are I think more evil.  I am dumping on LGBT to distract people from this 4 u.
What is the deal with looking like Frankenstein btw?  Anyway, thank you for using our democracy as toilet paper for the Kochs turds.
You are betraying the most vulnerable.  You make me literally sick. Money is the root of all evil.  And u r a perfect example. Awesome!
keep going Pat, get rid of that Obamination before no companies participate
Available maybe. Actually USEABLE. NOT EVEN CLOSE! #NoCutsToMedicaid
How about @SenToomey having your "staff"(they r rude)answer me when I ask a question rather than hanging up @WhiteHouse @POTUS
My son fought in Iraq. Now I have to fight @SenToomey to get affordable health care. Why are you voting against your own constituents?
You @SenToomey are truly a fools idea of a fool. You'll reap what you sow and I am truly glad you have that to look forward to
Changing Medicaid was not was the Prez campaigned on.  Once the Baby boomers move past life expectancies, the drain will lessen. Leave alone
Such a baby! Town Hall???
Boo
731,000 citizens of PA will lose health care because of your shortsightedness. Don't know how you can sleep at night. Health care is a right
It shameful that the GOP is bent on taking coverage away from people instead of fixing the problems! Shame on You Senator Toomey.
Trend the hashtag #dumptoomey
You're a fool if you buy what the GOP is trying to foist.  You don't even know what's in the bill.  WAKE UP.
Affordable health care is of the utmost importance. No one should loose their home and or life savings due to a medical crisis.
I'm appalled by this travesty.
JUST SAY NO 19460
Toomey Offices:  
202 224-4254
814 266-5973
412 803-3501
570 820-4088
215 241-1090
717 782-3951
814 453-3010
610 434-1444
Let me know how that works out for you.
Disgusting and morally corrupt - selling humans for profit - What would Jesus think about you and what you are going to do?
FIX THE ACA. This is what Americans want.
This is a lie. Medicaid will be cut.
You are just as delusional as Trump if you think the Americans are going to take this lying down. Look out impeachment & no re-election.
Simple solution, single payer system. America can afford this and we deserve no less. Give the 99% what they want? 1%'s greed is no excuse.
Senator Wall Street, may all the suffering you intend to cause return to you.
My blood is on your hands. I hope you think of how you condemn your constituents to struggle & die in your most peaceful moments.
Please resign,Pennsylvanians have had enough of you. 
You work for us yet continue to ignore us. This vote was a NO & you know it. SHAME.
Wealthiest country in the world & ppl (esp w pre-existing conditions) will have to choose bankruptcy or death.
Pat Toomey's statement is disgraceful.  It is time to repeal and replace Senator Toomey.
Where is your statement about the hundreds of thousands of your constituents whose lives are at stake here? Why don't you listen to them?
How do you sleep at night knowing you're taking health care from vulnerable, needy people?  Do you have a shred of human decency?
If you have a heart or soul, remember the most vulnerable among us, like my daughter with disabilities, and think about what you're doing.
Thank you once again for putting the lives of my family, my friends and myself at risk. You're a real patriot, Senator.
I really wish you would have been voted out.
@SenToomey, you don't give a damn about the people of your state (or any other). You only care about power. Shame on you.
Tweet all you want. We know the truth. Bob Casey listens to us and cares. You don't. Prove us wrong--meet w us!
So you want go stake a career on a position with about a 26% favorability rating?  You ARE nuts!

How about a #TownHall!!?? A public one. #Coward #Sycophant
Where's the transparency in this so-called "debate?"  Do you even know what you're debating?  We need changes but we need honesty more!!
Can you please state your position on coverage for people with pre-exist conds? Still burned-down houses? Or do we have a right to coverage?
Looking forward to the day I can vote against you. We need someone who  represents PA residents not your own interests
I respectfully disagree with your assessment of Obamacare. European nations make universal healthcare a priority; why can't we?
Will the CBO score this new replacement plan? Will PA constituents get to speak with you before you vote on this? You work for us!
leave Medicaid alone no bill with tax cuts for anyone   I am a pa voter
I'll read your fatuous statement if you read the comment thread on this tweet - deal?
Maybe you should read, listen, and hear our statements - FIX THE ACA. DO NOT REPEAL!
A simple message from ur constituents; aka ur employers
You need to protect Pennsylvanians, not strip away their healthcare.  Stop this now.
i am so disappointed in my state today. so many of ur constituents rely on Ocare and more will lose coverage VOTE NO OR NO VOTES
Keep telling us these alternative facts Pinnocchio.
We will not forget your lies. You've motivated us sir. 2022 isn't so far away. #repealandrun #anyonebuttoomey2022 #lieslieslies
scary how many people believe- just because something has value, it can cost anything, including our children's future. STOP GOV'T OVERSPEND
Toomey is a waste,vote him out....
What you did was unconscionable. You should be ashamed. #KilltheBill, #ProtectOurCare, #SaveMedicaid, #VoteNo
You are a disappointment to all of the Pennsylvanians that depend on the ACA and Medicare. This is a tax cut for the wealthy bill @SenToomey
Terrible slap in the face to the citizens of Pennsylvania.
You voted for it because you're a Republican. Don't pretend there is any morality in this. Talk to your constituents for once.
"consumer-driven" wasn't working either. You are hoping others will magically propose a good plan at the 11th hours?
Why didn't the Senate ACTUALLY PROPOSE A REAL BILL instead of using this backdoor bullshit procedure?
You are doing a bad job and you should feel bad.
So you want to go with a bill that takes the ACA's problems and just makes them all worse.  You are putting tax cuts above people's lives!
Millions of Americans will lose coverage under any of the plans being considered. @SenateGOP should #SaveACA
Here in PA I'll be watching you to see what you do with this.
Listen, some day you won't have the Koch Brothers money. We stand with our governor & we have long memories.
If the #ACA is repealed, many PA'ians in rural areas would lose access to health insurance and rural hospitals would face closure. https://twitter.com/PONews/status/889606510527033344 …
Do not throw the baby out with the bath water Senator.  The current plans will not work either and I'm sure you know this!

No repeal. Fix what exists. It's working!
Your ferver to give the president and/or the GOP a win on health care will hurt children, the disabled, and the elderly. BAD sportsmanship!
