"Where are the leaks coming from?" WHO CARES? Why is our govt working for Putin? Who is involved? That's more important!
What would it matter.   You don't listen to us anyway.   Can't wait to vote you out.   Six years and you are out!
no worries. You’ve taught us that you don’t care about your constituents anyway. Say goodbye to your seat in ‘18!
Unfortunately Toomey's term ends in 2022.
damn! I thought he would be part of the vote in '18. At least Casey will be running again.
you seem to be late or a no-show for your constituents...your time in the Senate will be short at this rate
the hypocrisy and nerve is ALMOST unbelievable.
you have offices in PA?? Looking forward to seeing you in PA at your next town hall. When will that be?
they're never open anyway!
Who cares? Constituents don't have access anyway. We will remember your rubber stamp and your lies.
Due to selling votes I will be out of state for the next six years. #votesforsale
How much for vote this month?
hey @SenToomey since you have some time today, ask @CorbettforGov what happens in PA when you put big $$ ahead of your voters.
He will find out in 6 years.   Get out and vote him out!
not like you care. You haven't listened to a single thing your constituency needs or cares about.
Americans deserve transparency and time to debate and decide how to IMPROVE healthcare.
Why don't you Meet your citizens in an open Town Hall format??
Will mobilize my community and begin fundraising now, to ensure 2022 is your exit. You won't win again. Monster.
#DumpToomey the #TrumpFlunky. Enjoy this term. You won't be back. We won't forget that you can and have been bought.
you had a hard week selling out your state; just take the day off
Selling our children out...sad.
you mean your offices weren't always closed when constituents had serious questions about cabinet picks? Coulda fooled me...
hey there! I hope you're ok too! Haven't heard from you in a bit. How about a townhall to reconnect? K?
But you WON'T be there, will you?
priceless !
better yet, just close your offices since you accept neither visits, nor letters, nor phone calls from us
Senator it appears your voters are in search of Senator not for sale.Someone that cannot be bought by the Koch machine.
support an independent investigation of Flynn and the WH ties to Russia.
oh, so....business as usual.
what's going on during your recess? Working for us holding a town hall? And no one is being paid to request it or attend
Please acknowledged your commitment to open dialogue with your constituents by scheduling townhall meetings during your break.
You're scared to face the people you refuse to work for. That primary is looking pretty scary, huh. #coward #TuesdayswithToomey
OK... not like we'd ever get to see or talk to you anyway?
PA resident, not paid for this tweet. Town hall meeting? You work for us. I'd be fired by now if I had your work performance
Who cares? U don't empty ur VM & listen (or vote) to ur constituents anyway! U barely won & wont again IF u dont change! #Persist
Please join Casey in co-sponsering S. 65: Presidential Conflicts of Interest Act of 2017. The US should not be able to be bought.
When is the next Town Hall scheduled, Senator?  #RealPA #Townhall #DontForgetWhoYouServe
WOW! Didn't see this tweet from the other day. you're a Senator AND a comedian! and you're bad a both!
No worries Pat.  May as well just close them up for good.  Your days in public office are numbered.
Does this mean that you are aware that you have offices in PA? #realPA
Despicable.
not that your constituents are getting your attention anyway. Please vote NO on Mnuchin!
what difference does it make if u are open or closed? U & your staff don't answer phones anyway! #unethical #coward #DumpToomey
.@SenToomey I expect Monday you will support a full-scale investigation into Russian ties and the current administration. If not, traitor.
They're opening at all? That's different. Are they answering the phones or are they still off the hook?
you haven't been 4 weeks what does a few more days matter.
Why should we care. You don't work for us anyway!
That doesn't seem to matter, since phone calls are unanswered and/or unreturned.
GOT TOWN HALL?
due to your incompetence and cowardice you'll never show up anyway.  To scared to face those you serve in public?
accepting campaign $$ from DeVos Family for confirming vote. Shame on you. As long as you can sleep at nite, it's ok, right?
This should give you more time to investigate Russian interference in US elections. #doyourjob
This should give you more time to investigate Flynn's Russian connections. #doyourjob
This should give you more time to investigate Trump's taxes and conflicts of interest. #doyourjob
you think your constituents will forget that you sold us out for $55K by 2022? We won't - @PADems will make sure of that.
Ohhh.  The WEATHER has closed your offices and shut down your phones over the past few weeks?  "Wasn't that a mighty storm?"
Really? Well one question? When are you ever open?
-- WHEN ARE YOUR OFFICES EVER OPEN TO CONSTITUENTS ?
when will you have a townhall?  We'd love to talk to you!!
town hall
not like you actually do anything remotely close to your job representating Pennsylvania. Only your own greedy, selfish interests
you mean due to constituents unhappy with your betrayal vote for a DeVos?
You're like Waldo anyway. Why take this job if you have no intention of doing it right?
Can you please post the schedule of your upcoming town hall meetings for the entire state? Never forget who elected you!
What POSSIBLE difference could that make?  You don't listen to us when you're there.
you wouldn't pick up the phone anyway
NO to Mnuchin! Predatory! Wants to use Fannie/Freddie for his profit while having taxpayers pay his loss. No Mnuchin.
, Big mistake being the only senator in the tri state area to vote in favor of the amway soap woman. This will not be forgotten
ha ha ha... you make this entirely too easy. it could be 85 degrees and sunny and you would be unreachable
we are watching and you will be voted out..
Shame on you for supporting Price
.@SenToomey where/when is your next Town Hall? #PaSenate #DoYourJob You work 4 "#US "! #Utah asking Qs to #Chaffetz https://www.yahoo.com/news/do-your-job-rowdy-republican-town-halls-a-sign-of-things-to-come-205206305.html …
You are acting as if your offices actually respond to constituents...how surprising!
The storm of corruption headed for the cabinet? @GoldmanSachs is sliding into the @USTreasury bring salt.
not that your offices ever want to hear from constituents. Isn't the weather such a lucky excuse for you not to listen to them?
Ur offices phones VM r frequently closed 2 constituents. VOTE NO Minuchin, another corrupt nom. You've let 2 many into the swamp.
does it matter if you ever open your office ... you ignore your constituents regardless ! #SellOut
please repeal and replace the Afordable Healthcare Act.
keep up the good work.
That's OK...they haven't answered a single phone call from me in months, even in good weather. @SenBobCasey offices do answer.
so that means your DC office will be open for visitors and calls, right? #DCstatehood #AdoptARep
TOWN HALL MEETING PLEASE?!
supporting DeVos, once again a disappointment choosing your party over your constituents.
Stand up to Trump. Stand up for the people. Don't be a rubber stamp for fascism.
might as well close them permanently, you're worthless to Pennsylvania
, it's nice to see you're at least consistent in failing the residents of PA. 
thank you for putting yourself, your tax-funded healthcare and job, & campaign contributions over the needs of your constituents
Mr. Trash Toomey, ur GOP colleagues are having town halls to talk to (slash get yelled at by) their constituents. Where are you?
when are you going to follow @jasoninthehouse 's lead and have a town hall?
I hope you and your staff stayed safe but opening late doesn't matter as you don't answer your phones anyway!
It's OK, your voicemail can still tell us it's full without a staff member present.
Perhaps you should teach your staffers about personal responsibility. Inclement weather=leave early for work.
You must have had bad weather at those offices for the past few months! Still waiting for a Town Hall.
So you take the morning off to contemplate all the ethical issues and what to do about them?
you have been absent period for quite a while.
Do your job!  You were elected to serve the people, not your party! #StopPresidentBannon
why open at all?  You don't answer phones on a normal day or meet constituents.  Stay home in your Jammie's.
Oh no big money grubbing parties to go to in Florida today? You're a sad excuse for a senator?  Wait til 2018!
When will you be holding a town hall to meet with your constituents?
You voted for Trump, Flynn, Tillerson, Devos, and Sessions. NOW you're concerned for safety?  Too late. Nothing is safe.
due to you being a typical sellout Republican? You senators should change your party name to #republicant .
oh that's a good one!!! What's been you excuse for the last 3 weeks??
:It's not as if you are answering phones or listening to your constituents anyway, so what does your "office delay" really matter?
Hope your happy with your prez today.  Bigly embarrassment for America.  You deserve to go down with the ship!
not like you do the will of your constituency anyway! #realpa
Are you making a lot of money by screwing your constituents?  I wouldn't be surprised if you put your own kids up for sale.
Why do you need to go just send your vote to the DeVos family and lobbyist!
aww poor Pat couldn't handle a little snow. Better be prepared for the next storm coming your way.
There's no difference in the response that we get whether they are there or not. Only $$ gets your attention. #RealPA
you don't answer tweets so why would we assume you answer your office lines?
.@SenToomey How.....how.....does this affect any of your constituents? Since you're literally unreachable?
why did you vote for DeVos?
why did you vote for DeVos?  Do you care about our children?
Laughable.  Why bother mentioning this?  You didn't respond to calls or emails with highs in the 50s earlier this week.
Who cares? Since you don't care about us.
as if they've been open to your constituents the last week or so , you've avoided all contact trying to be made about Devi's
whatever as long as it doesn't snow when I go to vote your ass out, I'm good. And yeah, actual PA resident. Can't wait
When can we have a Town Hall, sir? I am in zip code 19460.
you were late the day you voted for the secretary of education.. terrible
people next time around we CANT vote for this fraud. He talks a good game but plays a really bad one.
still waiting for a reply from weasel senator TOOMEY. Can't even get a call from one of his grunts. SAD; WRONG; FREE LOADER
.@SenToomey While you have some free time, sit and consider what you've done. #NoToDevos #NoBanNoWall
I am confused why you are hiding? Is it because your voicemail is still full? Or completely ignored us? #WheresPat
not like you work for us anyway
not like you'll be there
banks arent closed Pat.
Don't listen to the naysayers here who don't know what they are talking about! they are hard-hearted.
Does that mean you found your office? Maybe next you can work on figuring out how to pick up a phone.
what about your offices in DeVos's pocket? Did they open on time you worm? How can we buy your next vote? EBay?
ohhhh does this mean you actually came out of hiding? Tick tock buddy, tick tock. #2018
You obviously don't care what your constituents think or say, so why open your offices at all? You should be ashamed of yourself.
not like they will answer the phones anyhow. I made it to work in the snowstorm.
oh that's right I don't have $60,000 to give you, so you won't pay attention to this either.
so you were actually planning to do your job today??
Like it matters you don't listen to your constituents anyway. Far to concerned doing the bidding of your financial backers.
you really don't care about us.  Don't pretend to!
You should totally be ashamed of yourself with your actions in the Senate..impress me - write a bill to block sales of gun kits
PLEASE VOTE NO ON #PRUITT!!! Keep PA beautiful, from #Limerick to #Lititz, #Pittsburgh to #Philly!!
leave them closed they are useless and rude anyway
lol. Are you ever in your office or answer your phones?  Plenty of  PA voters aren't related to Koch.
It only snowed today, where the fuck you been for over a week?
why do you have an office? You do not represent your constituents.
we will trample you if you vote against our healthcare rights. Mark it
You never show up anyway, so what's different!? Recall!!
You should speak at one of the Tuesdays with Toomey. People would be so impressed.
who cares if u open. More luck talking to an empty office
. @SenToomey we dont expect anyone to answer your phones or speak to us anymore anyway, so take your time!! 
#nobodyhome #toomey #snowday
Ok.
Then you have time to explain why you want sick Americans to spend MORE on for-profit healthcare.
Go ahead. We're listening.
U voted agaisnt ur constituent's wishes 2 DeVose. Next u will vote 4 Price and Pruitt. So plz dont pretend u care abut us.#Resist
#Neverthelessshepersisted #TaketheDeVosPledge
doesn't matter since most of your constituents just saw first hand that you're useless to us.
.@SenToomey I mean this is too easy.
thank you for putting your staffs sfety first.
why don't you investigate the links between Trump and Russia on your snow (I'm hiding from my constituents) day? Tomorrow? When?
I'm counting the minutes til 2022...I'm going to move to PA just to vote against you
not like you would bother to see or talk to constituents anyway!! #realPA
you actually have people working in your office? Why don't they answer the phone or empty the voice mailbox?
so you can hide in your office as always when people want to talk to you. #Assclown
Really? They've been open before? Why couldn't  anyone get through?
#nobackbone
if I give you 5K will you for me
wut...you need to read these back to yourself before hitting send.
Haven't you been hiding in the basement anyway?
And that would matter how? You don't care about us or our children's education so you can stay Closed forever !
doesn't matter. You won't be doing anything there anyway. You can not answer your phones from home. #goodbyein2018
thanks for voting for #DeVosconfirmed nice job!
