At-risk folks are big losers and wealthy are big winners with Trumpcare. Everyone should have health care. It shouldn't be a privilege.
This was posted 13 hours ago and you have 158 comments and 10 likes. Do you really think any of your constituents are believing your lies?

Hot off the press! The Senate Health Reform Bill Slashes #Medicaid Severely. See new PPI blog: http://bit.ly/2sz08fh  

Nobody want to see your ALIEN head on the news.
Show up Snowflake
I would rather plunge a sharp stick into my ear than listen to more lies and sophistries from you. This is a gift to the rich, period.
You will gladly go on the media to lie but don't have the spine to meet your constituents face-to-face.
And he lied.
@SenToomey What do Catholic teachings say about caring for the vulnerable? Seems you forgot all of that with this cruel health care bill.
How can you support this heartless bill? Cutting insurance for millions to make way for tax cuts for the wealthy! 
Remember, not only does he support it, he help to draft it!
As an FYI his Allentown office claimed he didn't draft anything, just offered input. He's either an architect/assistant. #complicit #coward
Lmfao. So he offered input if you're oppos
*opposed to the bill. If you're a 1%er and donor then he drafted it.
That's prob exactly how it is. He'll claim to be an integral part for those that support him, for the rest, he was just a chump in a chair.
Toomey! Enjoy this cycle of your career if you vote for the healthcare bill! No one in your family must have a pre existing condition!
It has been proven by reputable news places and not talking about the networks, that the bill is no good and will harm the people. STOP.
You sold the people of PA out! Do you know what it is like to struggle? I don't think you do!
GOP Wealthcare bill will hike premiums, shutter rural hospitals, hurt jobs, and end coverage for millions. @SenToomey @CBS21NEWS
Any chance it will reflect what your constituents have been telling you for days?  I didn't think so.
No his office doesn't answer the phone.
They answer. They just lie, bullshit you, and say I'll pass along your concerns.
I have called at least 20 times in the past 5 months I have never had a person answer the phone goes right to voicemai What office? Curious
Any and all of them. DC is usually hardest to get a person. Try Harrisburg, Allentown, Wilkes-Barre. Continuously redial til you get someone
They like you during election season but once they win...... they forget who you are!

You should just be open and say you'll go on tv to tell boldfaced lies to the American people.

Who opposes the Senate GOP's "healthcare" bill? It's a long list.

There are doctors, hospitals, patients, medical provid…
Y don't you sit down with@SenKamalaHarris and your Dem colleagues and talk about working together?Maybe then millions wouldn't have 2 suffer
Why?  Your bill says enough.
Ur"views?"Interesting-more like ur "alt facts", wouldn't u say?U think ur so smart &ppl can't read?Ask the Kochs&Betsy 4 $$ 2 buy integrity.
I am one of your many ignored constituents- Lower Merion, Montgomery County 19072
@sentoomey, I can't figure out if you or Tom Corbett are the most hated PA pols ever, and that's quite an achievement
Your idea of reform is screwing poor people!!  #screwingAmerica. #screwthe poor.
We expect you to meet us in town hall meetings You're an abomination of a senator!  Resign before you're booted out of office!
The traitor u support just confessed to collusion via comparing it to what HRC did to Bernie & u still support & conspire with him #byePat
and...You'll LIE on Nat'l TV, leaving a legacy of shame that prematurely kills 24 MILLION, elderly, disabled Vet's, & poor, for Ins. profit.
Saw your twitterings on the AHCA. Anything that needs that much explanation is BS trying to baffle brains.
Have a town hall with your PA constituents...Why won't you meet with us? 15739
Uh huh! You announce this at, what? 7:45 am on a Sunday? Way to go, doofus. Take your views and shove them where the sun don't shine.
How can sit there & LIE?  Stop being a COWARD & admit you will vote to take healthcare away from millions?  Just admit it!!
Do your views include making sure your constituents won't be left without insurance? I live in Lehigh and vote!
We haven't even moved to Philly yet, that town your scared of, and you're already fucking us over.
Liar.
Read my lips, Pat. Pennsylvanians do NOT support Trumpcare! Represent US!
Return 2 annual&lifetime Limits? Return of ineffective HighCostHighRisk InsPools?Removal of essentialHealthBenefits? #TrumpCare
Senator Pat Toomey has decided to LIE to the people of Pennsylvania.

When is Pat lying Toomey up for re election? I'd like to set a reminder.
#AHCAisIMMORAL Oppose 15126
why don't you face the state in a town hall?
do you even have a conscience? #ShameOnYou
Posted 4 hours ago. Link? I want to see his face when he justifies this shit storm.
How about sharing your views in a town hall with your constituents? @TuesdaysToomey
Republicans happily target the poor and sick!
I think not. But if you want to man up for some real town hall across the state, I would join you .
Key words being "man up".
If you have a moral bone on your body, you will vote NO!!  #CountryB4Party
Better Care Reconciliation Act - Wealthcare, not healthcare. Don't do this! #ProtectOurCare
Nice of you to take a break from posh Koch-sponsored getaways at the Breakers to lie to the American people.
Its sad PA has to watch tv or go to Twitter to see our senator. Hold a town hall meeting Sen. Toomey, face your constituents!
Since you're the one who pushed for deeper Medicaid cuts I think we know your stance on the TAX CUT for the RICH.
Please take a look at the negative impact this bill will have on your constituents!!! Vote, "no!"
Listen up PA, you need to know how this disastrous bill is not good for you and PA. Is this the best we can expect from Sen. Toomey?
How about a town hall, what are you so afraid of?? Answering unscripted constituent questions???
I just sent a letter via email with questions on why this plan is good
TOWN HALLS lttl man Toomey!!
You have views on healthcare reform that are uninformed by the constituents to whom you are responsible. Nor to arithmetic, nor truth.
YOU BETTER NOT SCREW PENNSYLVANIANS  &  VOTE ON THAT VINDICTIVE BILL
NAH! You disgust me with your hypocrisies.
How about you meet with the public, so that they can share their views?  Or don't they matter?
Are you going to lie like @KellyannePolIs ??
Glad my parents are already #dead, you bill is going to #Kill my #disabled sister.
The Senate bill repeals the 1965 US govt promise to cover 100% of disabled person's health care needs. States will ration care for disabled
I live in southwest pa (you know, the area of the state that you've chosen to write-off) and don't get that channel.  #noaccesstoomey
Nothing like avoiding face to face town halls!
when are you going to show your sorry butt in public? I'm sure you'll enter their studios via a back door.
Are you going to explain how much money the drug lobbyists contributed to your campaign?
#ToomeySHAME on accepting #Trumpcare which ONLY gives BIG tax cuts to wealthy & SLASHES MEDICAID YOU would NEVER BUY this ins. for self!
If I want the truth about the healthcare bill that you (and the Kochs) wrote, I sure as hell wouldn't go to you as a source.
"As long as they die in their trashy ghettos where I don't have to see them, the poor are so icky"
How about a town hall with your constituents? Remember them?
"I want the poor to just get it over with and die."
Why are you cutting Medicaid?
Why are you cutting addiction services in the middle of an opioid epidemic?
Hope you won't lie about the contents of the bill or the effects it could have on your constituents
He's a coward. Hold a town hall Mr. Toomey. Listen to your constituents. The passing of this bill will be the end of your political careeer.
Reading through these replies...you're ok with voting for this bill even if your constituents incl me r begging u not 2?
Don't you think you be hold town halls to hear what your constituents think? Quite frankly, that should be all you're concerned with.
You're helping kill your constituents with this bill—literally the Central Pennsylvanians who elected you. Why murder your own people?
"Share views" or lie for corporations. Guess it's a matter of perspective Patty boy.
I was going to ask him to meet with his constituents but then I realized we aren't major corporations.
For those who missed the broadcast, when will it be available online?  I can't find it anywhere on @CBS21NEWS website! #WomensHealth
I'm from Fairfield, PA VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE It's mean & wrong for PA & US
I couldn't leave you a message yesterday because all your voice mailboxes were full. Here's what I wanted to say:  NO ACHA, NO WAY!!!!!!!!!!
You mean your views on the wealthy men's healthcare plan?
Another Senator who refuses to listen to his constituents. If you thought 2016 was a close race, just wait
Summary: yes to tax cuts for rich, cutting benefits for everybody else. And he's proud of it 
Oh yeah you were one of those that came up with this plan that is going to bankrupt and kill people. Gee thanks!
just repeal, get govt. out of insurance and make it affordable again. More choices help us, your constituents
You are an embarrassment to the state of Pennsylvania.
I just want to hear you say you'll listen to your constituents and will vote against this bill.
As one of your constituents, I would prefer to hear your views live at a town hall.
Save my fellow nurses and our patients vote no on healthcare it is a cut on Medicaid and a tax cut for the wealthy the rich don't need it
Will you discuss the $355,000 you've taken from Big Insurance lobbyist? Will @CBS21NEWS even ask? Doubtful. Keep citizens in the dark?
Vote no
How about you meet with your constituents instead of hiding behind tv cameras?
Why don't you meet with us in person & tell us why your rich donors need tax cuts but your working class constituents don't need healthcare?
When will you have a townhall so WE can share our views w/you? #coward #sycophant #NoTrumpCare
Senator do the right thing vote no
He WROTE it. It's his. When you see a mother DYING and can't get care, think of Pat and the tax breaks he's giving in the bill.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
health"care" taken away to enrich the wealthy
Your reform: pull care from people to give wealthy and companies a break. Your children should be ashamed. You have no morals.
Disgrace
Thanks for the warning.
It is a tax cut not healthcare
Even Trump voters in NEPA think you stink.
We already know your view. Do you know how your constituents feel. Do you care.
I won't be tuning in, but would gleefully show up if you stop being a coward and hold a town hall.
Yesterday your office in Harrisburg refused to meet with Independent Living advocates.
Start out by having ALL non military Federal employees on the same exact heath care you're trying to force on us
Definitely a MUST on my MISSED list! . Rather watch reruns of Happy the Clown, at least he was SUPPOSED to be.a.clown.#NoHeart #TinManToomey
Zero likes in 41 minutes. No one wants this.
How much did you sell the citizens healthcare for Pat?
Here is my proposal those 13 men that wrote this bill can only have health coverage that is in the bill for themselves and their families.
I guess that's one way the constituents can hear why you feel the need to take healthcare away from those that need it the most.
Do you all know writing/video exists of trump promising not to cut medicaid? It was his singular good point.
Yep. The GOP elected a liar. People like Pat say they have morals, but they don't. He's got money to give tax breaks, he can give care.
The GOP doesn't have morals. They pledged their souls to the profits of 1% like Kochs' who don't want to pay taxes that help the poor.
The GOP platform relies on the premise of lies. They would see us all in serfdom before stand up to evil bastards like Kochs.
Might want to listen to the views of your constituents instead because you might learn something.  We know your views and you are wrong.
$354,400 campaign contributions from pharmaceutical and insurance companies...  he knows what to do
"Do we really need working class people anyway?"- Pat Toomey(paid for by Big Pharma).
Was this prerecorded.
Hopefully you will explain why it is necessary to cut taxes for wealthy investors and takeaway health insurance from the "working poor".
Trying to get livestream @CBS21NEWS What time?
8:30 am
Thank you.  #PAJournalists
meet with your constituents instead.
You are an embarrassment to PA. How about you do the right thing for PA folks and the country instead of  being a Trump mouthpiece?
We know your views, Pat. Screw the poor and give the rich a huge retroactive tax cut.
Where is @CBS21NEWS located?
Harrisburg PA.  Toomey is or was in the State of PA
Those views being: disabled people shouldn't have healthcare
