By taking away Medicare?
Not going to shrink it. Stop talking nonsense. We already have economic growth. It's been happening over the last 8 years.
The GOP budget will:
Cut $500 billion from Medicare
Cut $1 trillion from Medicaid 
Increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion
Toomey is just another GOP LIAR! This is a massive tax cut for corps & 1%. Then they'll be back to destroy soc sec.
1/You are complicit in the murders committed by putin,as WE ALL KNOW your president&his cabinet r active Russian assets. Vile murderous LIAR
2/pretending you don’t like putin,pretending you’ll be tough, pretending you support #MagnitskyAct You make me sick.
(THREAD) BREAKING: The thesis discussed at the link below has been confirmed—and it's a smoking gun on collusion. https://twitter.com/SethAbramson/status/911350485277380615 …
Why FOX and not a reputable media outlet? Oh yea, lies go farther when the host of the interview will not challenge your lies.
#QUIT
How do I have more money in my pocket when you eliminate deductions we middle class use? Get rid of deduction 1%use. #disgusting #misleading
#45 eliminated critical health care subsidies,throwing insurance markets into chaos  As a result, that rates wil go up by 30.6% in 2018

RT if you think everyone should oppose Trump's tax plan until he releases his returns. We can't trust him to reform the same code he breaks. 


I get it.  Cut $2.5 TRILLION from Medicare and Medicaid.  That way, your 1% friend can get that tax cut they so desperately need.
Shrink the deficit on a bill that is not paid for and on the backs of working people.
@SenBobCasey than you for clarifying the Toomey lies.
Trickle-down economics has always failed the middle class. Most recently, it failed in Kansas https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/a-message-to-congress-dont-make-the-same-mistake-we-did-in-kansas/2017/10/19/fb6058a2-a9de-11e7-92d1-58c702d2d975_story.html?utm_term=.084a6d450e70 …
Giving 1% a $11,000 a week raise? How does that reduce the deficit? Has never worked before. Is this the definition of insanity? #MAGA ???
Expand it by 7 trillion over ten years. Wow, good job senator. How’s my 401k going to fare? How can you live with yourself?
Making shit up as you go?
The GOP budget will:
Cut $500 billion from Medicare
Cut $1 trillion from Medicaid 
Increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion
So great for the middle class- thanks for attacking my retirement, Senator!
How bout those 401k changes? You’re a fraud
Should we expect anything more than filling the pockets of the rich on the backs of working Americans!
Lies without a shred of evidence.  If you believed this, you would not hide from a real interview or townhall.
Few ideas have ever had as much influence with as little factual basis as trickle-down economics.
this is a joke right Senator - the rich get the big tax breaks and we pay for them - 35 years ago the same thing happened - laffer again SAD
How much are you going to save when this tax cut for the rig goes in effect?  We will pay more
But it blows up the Deficit and it hurts Middle and Lower Income Earners. NO on this tax plan. 19060
Shrink debt, create growth? New proportional taxes, and government spending programs on infrastructure repair. Put Americans to work #FDR

@SenToomey #ProGrowth A clear idea of tour priorities:cut Medicare&Medicaid to pay for massive handouts to billionaires & big corporations.
The best parts of pat trickled down his moms leg 55 years ago
Your passed legislation increases deficit. Welcome to Kansas everyone. @gop is trying to take out the middle class hard!
This picture is the single most lied-about event Trump was involved with in the 2016 campaign. You are a liar & a traitor #MuellerIsComing
You should meet your constituents in open forum & see what they say about your #TaxReform instead of pandering on fake new shows
More trickle down junk.  The only thing that trickles down is urine.

The GOP budget cuts $1.5 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid to provide tax giveaways to the super-rich. It’s wrong.
Dana, I know you love Bush BUT I am so disappointed in him and YOU should be too! Slamming Trump today; never once slammed Obama! HYPOCRITE
You seem to have a lot of time for a lot of people that aren’t your constituents. #TownHallNow
Fire Mueller or we will never vote fore you again !!!!!!
Where is your statement on the @SenAlexander @PattyMurray bill.  Will you work to stabilize the ACA?
Just watched you on Perino and Bloomsburg and you a said NOTHING OF SUBSTANCE. Define who are the working class and who are middle income...
Next, you say rax reform will spud economic growth. Then explain to me why the stock market is so so high, someone is making lots of money..
3..then you say "the bill hasn't been written yet" Are U kidding me. You never say anything of substance and no details. GET REAL.
How about holding a town hall?  Oh that’s right you won’t hold one. #2022VoteToomeyOut
It was Voodoo economics then.
It is Voodoo economics now.

Pennsylvania deserves honesty.
But they are not getting it from Toomey. He won't even face his constituants in a real town hall.
Just like Cruz, ur speaking on this potential tax reform makes no economic sense. Great video disproves your and Sen Cruz beliefs (lies).
Joined @DanaPerino on the @dailybriefing to discuss how #TaxReform can shrink our middle class even further and spur the billionaire class.
Exactly when did a tax cut shrink the deficit? Reagan’s, W’s? Nope, both times the deficit soared.   The facts are not on your side
Lies and more lies. Have you ever looked at a CBO report? Being a Wall Street person before gov, you know that 80% goes to 1%. #DoNothing
If it Fox News, your credibility really just hit rock bottom.  Town hall in person is more acceptable
@SenToomey you're such LIAR  get with @SenBobCasey and learn how to be a real politician and man. #SickOfYou
Pipe dream
Your tax cut doesn't shrink the deficit. I'm really wondering if you're drinking and tweeting this garbage.
You can start by voting no on Paul Amendment 1160
Dude you really must vote against the Budget and the Paul Amendment 1160
People please call this nut job 
844-669-5146
ask him to vote against this Budget
Faux News, of course.
If the tax cuts do not spur economic growth are the rich beneficiaries of the massive tax cuts willing to give it back in extra tax to the Government?
Tax cuts for the rich have never worked. But who knows, maybe one of these times
The educated amongst us know your theory is wrong. The cuts only support the wealthy and they won’t let it trickle down.
Senator, will you ever go on a network that's not FOX? I.e., one that will ask you a real question about your feed-the-rich plan?
This is a guy who holds invitation only town halls. What do you think?
This SICKENING BOGUS tax reform bill puts more $ in the pockets of the wealthy (LIKE YOU!!)! We aren't fooled!  RIDICULOUS BS!
T.Y., Pat! As a billionaire, I am aching for that top .02% tax break. Please make this happen so the jobs will "trickle down" to the plebes.
If I wanted my daily fiction for the day I would get it reading Donald Trumps Fake News, you are the traitor to Pennsylvania w nothing !!!
Hey Pat, Trump should at least give you an at a boy for being persistent.  Last time trickle down worked was, oh yeah, I remember... NEVER!
Senator, how can we make sure money saved on corporate taxes makes its way to rank-and-file workers instead of executives and shareholders?
He can't!  Do you actually think there is verbiage, in the bill, that directs companies to revert profits back to the rank-and-file?  No.
Step away from the Kool-aid. This plan the GOP has dreamt up is pure trickle down econ. & it'll only give more $ to the v rich. For shame.
And while we're on the subject, what have you done to make America safe again. Right, MAGAts love that you're a do-nothing kind-a-guy. SAD.
You can pull this crap off with MAGAts but the rest of us know you're full of it. What is wrong with you? Oh, Koch Bros. Got it.
How can reducing taxes to the wealthiest who already have loopholes ..possibly lower deficit ...please stop lying!!
The guy who holds invitation only town hall meetings.
Now, now! He does bogus tele-town halls where he let's us know 1 hr b4 it starts & during regular business hrs so most of can't participate.
How much will YOU profit from your tax "reform"? You decimate medicaid/medicare while raking in personal tax cuts?
You support Trump, a pathological liar as well as unstable, ill-informed & corrupt. Why would we believe you care about our best interests?
An outright lie. Your tax "reform" scam will increase the deficit. What it will do is deliver millions of dollars to billionaires.
It didn’t work in 80’s why do you keep saying it? Oh, ‘cause your backers will gain on the backs of your constituents.
Liar. I can’t wait to not vote for you.
You really never explain why, with the economy going so well, we need a tax cut that will blow up our deficit. I wonder why that is???
Sounds like...wait for it...trickle down economics.  Thought we forgot about that?  It didn't work before and won't work now.
Joke of the day: Pat Toomey.
Wait for it....SPIN!

Explain why allowing the deficit to soar out of control, rich to get richer is good for my paycheck?
IN PERSON
Explain to me again why we need less healthcare and tax cuts for the rich?
Why don't you schedule a townhall meeting so we can discuss it?
! Oh wait!  You were serious.  Good luck he hasn't had a live community based town hall in 2 years.  Don't hold your breath.
Except it causes the deficit to skyrocket. What is the matter with you? #ToomeyTheTool
Any chance of appearing in person with REAL experts on economics?Just look at Kansas.
Why do u still support @realDonaldTrump who is a sexual batterer, collaborated w Russia & is a supporter of white supremacy?  U r a traitor
Why does the tax plan cut healthcare??
The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Um, bc @SenToomey doesn't want ppl to live happy healthy lives. His big pharma contributions will decline- that's what I call "Toomeynomics"
Propaganda network alert.
Toomey for Sale.
This is an insult to the Fab 4. #AllRingosMatter
I know. Maybe if I did the Sgt. Pepper's cover I could fit in all the faces of his big donors?
Just do a fathead of the Koch Brothers and call it a day.
Or this?
We're not buying it, Pat. You just want to line the pockets of the Koch Brothers.
Let's have a town hall meeting to talk about it.
Funny how you make time for Dana Perino, but not your constituents.
