Too bad you are such a terrible "leader"
.@SenToomey I'm sad you voted for a guy who doesn't believe the environment needs protecting to head the environmental protection agency
Protect our elections and our country.  Investigate Russian Election Interference #DoYourJob
.@SenToomey what steps are you taking to ensure the there are no conflicts of interest in the presidency?
Why are you asking @SenToomey ? He just voted for #Devos after receiving $60K from her .. So ethics not his strongest attribute!
he's still my senator.
He doesn't actually listen to or represent his constituents.
do you listen to constituents? Please reply!
Bob Casey has TWO "physical" town halls scheduled -- when will you meet us FACE TO FACE
TOWNHALL?????
how can u be for extreme vetting for children and refugees which already happens & not national security counsel!! #flynn
I'm sorry to hear about your friend but a lot of our friends are dying because of you. Do you not care for them?
.@SenToomey also sad to hear you voted for a guy who just made it legal to dump coal debris into water. Please explain this to me
I'm in PA, not getting paid 4 this tweet. I resent you making those excuses. You work for us.  We want a town hall meet and greet
"Where are the leaks coming from?" WHO CARES? Why is our govt working for Putin? Who is involved? That's more important!
DO YOUR JOB!  Time to pull out your 'check' on 45 and his administration.  Corruption starts at the top.
how about feeling sorry for your constituents with how you're voting for the cabinet
Senator Toomey you can't hide in DC forever. I voted for you. You need to answer these calls and have a TownHall meeting.
Are you in bed with the Russians too? #noontoomey22
Senator Toomey.  Resign NOW!  You are blocking the will of the people  and need to step aside.
please get to the bottom of this mess with Russia!  #TuesdayswithToomey #realPA #nationalsecurity
Flynn resigned and you are still going to hand the government over to this administration?
Are you only taking calls from Russia? Please empty your voicemail!
there you are!!! Was worried about you.  

How about a town hall?

PRETTY PLEASE
Colleen, please let me know when it's announced. I will not miss this.
If only you tweeted the same way you do about old white campaign donors as young black men. #BlackLivesMatter
NO to Mnuchin. Freddie/Fannie will be his playground at US Economy's (taxpayers) expense. Please so NO today.
you need to insist on an independent investigation into Trump/Russia ties.  #IMPEACH
R U reading your twitter or Facebook comments? Can you not see how much of a fraud your voters think you are? #townhall
Oh wait till the Koch bros kick the bucket. Your probably in the will Patty
hey Pat, why don't you be a great senator and leader and support S 65 - The Presidential Conflicts of Interest Act! From PA 18977
where are you Toomey Medicare for all
Instead of tweeting, can you come do a town hall? Pittsburgh
Waiting for you to speak out re: Flynn on NSC. His ties to Russia make him a risk & a disgrace.
You're outraged about Flynn, right? Someone that close to the Potus conferring with Russia needs to be investigated, correct?
~ Please let Al Boscov inspire you. Support Texas Representative Brady and demand to see Trump's taxes. We deserve to know.
you have time to tweet but not to answer your phone or hold town halls with your constituents you shitgibbon?
#toomeytownhall. He can't hide forever!
he did not care. Swamp monster
town hall, please. Listen to your constituents, not the Republican Party bosses
: Mr. Boscov was a supportive LEADER to his community. YOU are a paid Trump puppet! #Shame
please let us know where and when a town hall will be occurring.  Wouldn't miss it!
 you post this but ignore all of your constituents for the DeVos vote. We can't wait to push you and your ilk out of office!
If only you felt just as sad about the death of the  education department. Or are you too blinded by DeVos's bribery? Coward!
Did you know he was the son of immigrants? #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
you are a coward
sad to hear that you voted for @BetsyDeVos. I will not vote for you in your next election. Enjoy your term. #pay2play
you are not a representative of the commonwealth
Al Boscov opposed DeVos!!!
very sad. Albie exhudes warmth & caring. He will be missed by all who knew him.
Back from Florida with the millionaires? Charlie Dent is more visible than you!  When is your town hall meeting? "Do your job"!
Good to see you! When do you plan to have a Town Hall? A few things I need to say to you as a constituent.#coward #recallToomey
.@SenToomey I expect Monday you will support a full-scale investigation into Russian ties and the current administration. If not, traitor.
Town Hall! If you hide this coming week you'll really be in trouble
My condolences on your career senator.
Condolences to Boscov family.  But #WheresToomey #DoYourJob
Do a town hall; u don't listen to phone calls/emails. U don't care about us.Enjoy your last term. @toomeynotmysenator
condolences. Do you think Trump's preemptive blame for terror attacks on the courts and press threaten our democracy?
oh dear Jesus you are alive!!!! @SenBobCasey
Maybe you could learn a thing or two from him. When are you having a town hall to hear from the community?
My condolences to the Boscov family. My condolences to the USA for the death of our Constitution as well. Town Hall please?
Well I'll be! You are still alive! You constituents want to have a little talk with you. About the money you got from DeVoss??!
Your ALIVE! Good to hear from you!
surprised you can recognize  a terrific leader
..since you were reelected ( coat tails of Trump ), you have been sitting on your ass.Just for the record. I bypassed your lever.
Can't believe you got the news so quick, with all those out of staters and paid protesters blocking communication.
let's have a town hall
Just to remind you Al did not vote for you - he cared too much about people - unlike you the republican puppet, PA traitor
Too bad you don't give this kind of attention to your constituents.
please announce the next date and time for your town hall meeting with constituents. It's time.
Flynn must go
as the son of a Jewish Russian immigrant, how did he feel about your positions on immigration and school prayer?
town ball please,since you think we are all paid you can meet us. Also are you outraged at Michael Flynn and Russia?? Impeach!
When are you going to hold a few town halls across the state to talk to your constituents?
Mr. Boscov helped build some great spaces in Reading. How about having a town hall there?! @goggleworks @DTReading
glad to see you are in fact alive. No disrespect meant to whoever Al Boscov is but you make time to comment on his passing ....
Boscov has plenty of people to more him and his legacy... how about you morn the passing of our Constitution... #DoYourJob
Al Boscov was a good and decent man who worked hard to help his  community and fellow citizens. The exact opposite of you.
saddened to hear about your intensional votes for incompetence & liars in the federal cabinet positions!
Too bad you couldn't learn to be a terrific leader instead of allowing votes to be bought. Enjoy this term. Last 1. #DumpToomey
how brave of you to take a stand on Boscov's passing. Now take a lesson from his life. He brought people together. No cowardice
Missed the tweet where you honored the Navy Seal that El Presidente got killed in his botched Yemeni raid along with children.
glad to hear his company is considering carrying local made items - nice tribute!
More sorry that you are not addressing the concerns of your constituents! But then your seat was purchased for you by your party.
the only time u come out of hiding is to tweet about rich people who contributed to your campaign. U should serve ur constituents
I would call to offer my condolences, but you never answer your phones  How about at a town hall instead? #realPA
You're alive! When are you planning on talking to your constituents?  Town hall planned? @SenToomey
Saddened that you have abandoned your constituents.
That's sad But YOU'RE still alive, your constituents are making demands and it's your job to hear them  #openphonelines #townhall
town hall. What, you said you wanted to hear from your people, I am one of them. TOWN HALL.
Sorry to hear that.  No worries Senator in 2018 we will elect another republican to work with you so we get things done.
this is how lousy ppl have become. You offer condolences and they act like ass monkeys.
Betsy Devos may have paid for your campaign but constituents put you in office Time to stand up for them instead of Trump stooges
I am a constituent & gave him money, worked for me!
condolences to Boscov fam.  Now u need to get back to work-voting in PA interests-not Toomey interests.  2022--not soon enuf
yes, very sad. What is more sad is a $ellout for a Senator. Your constituents lost having you to represent "us".
he is representing me & I voted for him
really? So sorry 4 the timely peaceful death of an old man-this isn't what your constituents need2read from your silent twitter
look you do exist. He real everyone. #townhall
your a complete fraud, your out at re-election, people will not forget your DeVos vote, and your money first and children last
very sad to hear. Now how about doing your job and addressing the concerns of your constituents?? Or just resign, Thanks!
Well you didn't hear it by telephone.
We are sad about it too. Even more sad that you are not representing your people, and instead are a paid party lackey. #Shame
Please have a townhall.
is there any part of you that is still human? Or have you completely turned into a soulless political robot? Disappointed in you
Condolences. Now, any chance you'll get back to representing the people, not just the party?
He's alive!.  Not Mr Boscov.  I mean Sen Toomey
can you tell us again why you voted for and support Comrade Flynn?
We have you and your narrow ideology for 5.6 years. Perhaps you will find a way to break from your Party but I have my doubts.sad

he was a good man - the same cannot be said about you - you are a traitor to the people of PA -hypocrite swamp scum that you are
I am concerned PA voter. I want to see Trump's tax returns and I'm worried about Flynn's ties to Russia!!!!
Yes, we value leadership and community partnership. Seems like you're not up to the task. Wanna give it a shot?
NEPA will miss Mr. Boscov. Honor him by listening to your constituents and being their voice, instead of a special interest shill
I just can't take ANYTHING you say seriously any more. You've lose this long-time PA resident's support permanently.
still waiting for a response from you. Or do you only represent the Koch brothers?
he responds to me but I am a veteran & gave large sums of money.get a good job a donate & you might get a nod
you lost me at donate. That's not how this works. that's not how any of this should work
Your constituents thought you fell off the earth. Now, how about investigating Comey. I think he is withholding valuable info!
I heard he tried to call you but couldn't get through
I need to speak w/ you or someone from your office in regards to my father. He was a #USNavy vet, & I want him honored as such.
Unlike you Mr Boscov actually served the community. He gave back to our community, lent his success to help others.
who gives a shit what you think
trolling for trolling sake?
sorry to hear democracy is dying and the gop is to blame
WOW!! How sad. I can relate to this , as I just lost my father this past Tuesday
I am sorry for the loss of your father.
Thank you. I was not expecting it, and it hurts.
I lost my Dad too a couple years ago and still grieve. So wish I could call him... So sorry for your loss.
Al Boscov must be a campaign contributor. Otherwise, you are MIA
damn hahaha. You're not lying though
Pretty sure Al Boscov was a Democrat.
