So @SenToomey, to convince us further, how about you & all your fellow Republican senators & their families abide by the bill once its law??
Please do the Fact Check exercise before posting your bullshit Medicaid expansion and protection for Preexisting conditions VS TaxBreak4Rich
Maybe because it was drafted under cloak of darkness and now is being rammed through?
Lie all you want about this bill, but we see thru you & your deceitful talking points. Why give $$$ to the wealthiest 1% @TuesdaysToomey
While your fellow Pennsylvanians suffer. You are worse than @realDonaldTrump, bc he is just low life gold plated bigot, but you know better
If this healthcare bill is so good then all members of congress should have it for healthcare. No more free medical for congress
You don't mention tax breaks for the wealthy. Without which, Medicare could be funded better.
When 13 white guys write a bill in secret, refuse to hold ANY hearings, that happens. Now @SenRandPauI @SenToomey misinform. #ResistGOPcare
You and Trump are lying through your teeth. You will not get reelected next time around believe me. If you vote for this bill you're gone.
Ok, go ahead & pass the g.d. bill.  Say good-bye to the GOP & prepare for civil war.
open debate
vote no.
Fact: Toomey is hiding from his constituents. Fact: Toomey is a sell out. (You forgot those on your list) 
#MythVsFact
here is my critical thinking on it ...U wouldn't of hid it if it was such a grand package for the American people
Senator Toomey and your like-minded Republicans:

If you want LOW TAXES and NO SERVICES, please MOVE to a 3rd World Country.

#AHCA #ACA
FACT: Tax breaks for the wealthy via robbing health care funding is IMMORAL. Let the rich stay rich, not get richer off the poor.
Your bill doesn't even mention women!  We are half your constituents.
Medical associations and hospitals are now speaking out against this bill. We know it's a tax break and wealth redist. It's NOT healthcare.
If Medicaid is growing faster than the economy, why haven't we started towards a single payer solution? Medicaid could be that solution.
Your facts don't match independent analysis of the facts...do a better job for Americans and PA..or enjoy your last term
Gee do you think the myths are a result of the GOP operating in secret to hide this monstrosity?  Enjoy your last term!
These myths including your comments. Why won't you talk to real PA residents face to face in an unrestricted meeting?
Fact is you tow party line with no regard for constituents. If plan is so good have town hall to explain. Coward!
There's a myth you're not a corporate shill, but alas...
The MYTH is that you represent PA residents- you serve Koch Bros .  When is Pgh townhall?  Cc @TuesdaysToomey
Yeah we're going to come to a lying conniving corrupt sack of like you for "facts".
Hire a social media person who speaks English.
"There are" many myths.

And you are propagating the myths.
Don't talk down to us.
#16412
You should hire some ppl to answer your phones.
I haven't been able to talk to a live person at your office since the cabinet confirmations.
Have you noticed that 
hardly anybody "likes" these myth v. fact tweets but 
hundreds of ppl take time to tell you they hate AHCA?
Myth: AHCA aims to help average Americans.

Fact: the best solution to America's healthcare challenges is single-payer.
How about the "myth" that this is a tax cut for the rich?  Oh, that's not on your list?  Because it's not a myth. Bizarro Robin Hood.
Myth: Toomey is an ethical man.
Myth:Toomey has morals
Myth: Toomey cares about anything to do with the citizens of this country.
While millions of disabled try to survive yet rich buddies can afford a new yacht or limo. Paint it anyway u like it's a tax cut and u suck
Senator Toomey, what is your source for 4% gdp growth? How many PA residents are receiving Medicaid and are childless and able bodied? 19057
15217. Your mailbox is full and your health care proposal is immoral.
I thought you had integrity.  This administration has shown you do not
If I stab my eyes out so I don't have to read any more of your garbage, do I have health benefits coverage under this AHCA plan?
They will never get 60 votes for this
Come visit your office in Pittsburgh, please. Your constituents would love to talk with you about this bill and how it will hurt us.
This is going to fail miserably and something that affects so many will not go unnoticed at your next election....I promise you!
If this bill is going to help so much, why was it developed in secret? GOP knows they're not doing the right thing. Do right by PA!! 19462
Fact: Pat Toomey accepted $354,616 in campaign contributions from Health Insurance and Pharmaceutical Industries
I think the biggest myth is that you work for your constituents and not for the money funneled to you by wealthy donors.
How's your healthcare senator? I heard you get to exempt yourself from these regulations. Sounds like a great deal.
@SenBobCasey made everything crystal clear for me, thanks. You rip everything from my family.
No disputing the fact that this is a huge tax cut for the rich.  Telling.
It's not a myth, it's reality that it will #Kill Americans.  Thanks
Well it sucks and it kills people. That's my take. Mr. Toomey, read between the line. What's wrong with you??
Yea, Senator Bob Casey!
The fact is you hate women and planned parenthood. You side with the GOP you're destroying the environment and education
Sir, you are only selecting certain "facts" to counter the myths while leaving out HUGE pieces of important info in the actual bill.
I think you forgot to add the part about huge tax cuts for wealthy citizens and insurance companies. #MythVsFact
Boffle sniff!
Tell me, Prevaricating Pat..do you get paid by Fox for your marketing campaigns? And why are you working for them, rather than PA citizens?
Does this include all the Donations members of the committee got from HI lobbyists?
Is it a myth that states can waive protections that now exist for people with pre-existing conditions under the new bill?
Here is are facts: the repub healthcare bill is a tax cut for the rich devised in secret by rich, evil white men.
When was the last time republicans did anything positive for middle class working Americans? Can't remember right?
It's not a healthcare bill! It's a give a big tax break to the rich bill! Tens of thousands will die under the GOP bill.
why did you write this bill in secret and rush it to the floor senator?
Your fact sheet doesn't mention most of the facts
When will you be holding public meetings?
I would like to hear your statement on why the party of family values removed tanning taxes, but added pregnancy as a preexisting condition.
T or F: tax credits to make insurance more affordable for low income cut in this bill while wealthy gain tax cuts? What is rationale?
I'll wait for the CBO score to find out what the facts are.  Sen Toomey I suspect your facts are really "facts"
We can read.
Fact: You can't give me 1 reason how this bill will make my life better, because it doesn't. It's a tax cut for the rich & punishes us.
Liar
Fact: You don't have the courage to hold an in person town hall and look me in the eye and tell me why my child's health is now at risk.
Myth: GOP cares about constituents and feels the sick and disabled deserve better.
Fact: You are not pro life if you choose to gut Medicaid and punish the sick and disabled #AHCAKills #TrumpCare
That is what happens when a bill is crafted in secret. Republicans raged against Dems for doing a similar thing. Maybe work together?
#18938 will use all the tax cut $ from this to vote out GOP. Defend it in a town hall! #cowardgop
Fact: Tax breaks for the wealthy are more important to you than my family's healthcare & financial stability. #HealthcareBill #AHCAKills
The only fact is the tax cut you want to make bigger by sending millions to bankrupcy due to Republican ideas of screwing up the poor.
FACT:  ur name is on this bill, u own it, all of it!  #NoOneForgets
These are GOP version of #altfacts re: their atrocious health care plan. Reality: plan denies coverage thru inc fees/pre-existing conditions
Then let's get it out on the floor and debate it, Senator. If it was good, you wouldn't have crafted it in private.
Instead of talking down to your constituents why not calm their fears by answering their questions in person?
Unless you're willing to go on AHCA coverage, try again, but less mean this time.
The only salient fact about this bill is that it will hurt Pennsylvanians
A cut is indeed a cut even if your reasoning for the cut checks out (it doesn't)
CPI-U is immoral when your bill does nothing to control the cost of needed services.
Lies and you know it. Would you want this for your family? Why not have hearings, discussion and input? How do you sleep at night?
Here's a fact:
Single payer, aka Medicare for Everybody, would be more cost-effective than paying for insurance company profits and salaries
From one of the 13 old white men locked in a room to screw his constituents. I lost hope on you looking out for Pennsylvanians.
Fact: this hurts more people. This will kill people
I read the bill and it is awful. Why do you hate PA citizens? As a voter in PA I would really like to know.
interesting you used an old letter with dem support. Too bad you're no longer willing to work w/ Dems to find equitable solution
Fact: written by white men, making major decisions on women's health. 51% of the population, and not one person to represent us. #shameful
Stop this, right now. Every group of doctors, hospitals, AARP, etc have said this is an abomination. You fool no one! #TrumpDeathCare
LMAO
So your response to per capita caps is not -these are devastating to people- you're going with- this was democrats idea??
Whenever a person in power, puts out a 'fact sheet,' it's because no one believes their lies.  #Actualfacts
FACT: NO ONE TRUSTS A WORD OUT OF YOUR MOUTH.
The best thing for your staff to do? Quit. Literally resign today, rather than be associated with you or this crap legislation.
WE'VE READ THE BILL. Quit selling us some pandering partisan hogwash for you cutting care, imposing caps, and then giving a corp tax break.
Your office will be receiving a very strongly-worded letter from me. I refuse to have you take the insurance benefits away from my family.
Medicaid. Works. End of story, Senator.
To Pat, where's the fact about the massive tax breaks that ordinary Americans DON'T GET.
Here's a fact: if you support this bill you NEVER have the right to call yourself "pro-life" again. #RealPA
He only cares about prebirth babies, not already born ones.  He isn't representing the ppl of PA, just big business for $. He's a carbuncle.
Carbuncle.
Masterful name calling!

May I use it, please?
Absolutely!
Pre existing conditions? Cost? Limit?
This bill is just plain mean. Tax cuts for the wealthy and the rest of us suffer. You must fight it.
Fight it???  He helped write this piece of garbage!  He's a huge carbuncle on the butt of the GOP.  He doesn't care about any of us.
Funny you should bring up myths. You're a bit of a myth yourself. Like a unicorn or something. Maybe if you had a Town Hall I'd believe you.
One myth you've successfully dispelled is that you care about your PA constituents.
*There are* many myths, Senator. Your staff is letting you down.
YOU seem to be a myth, seeing as you won't materialize in person.
How about you schedule a town hall this weekend and explain this all to us in person!
Myth: The proposed Senate bill fixes the ACA pitfalls. Fact: Millions of Americans will lose ins, coverage for preexisting conditions 
Fact: As any of us ages insurers will be allowed to price gauge us!
Fact: Women will shoulder the burden for child bearing & OBGyn services.
You are a joke. No one is buying this. #gosellyourcrazysomewhereelse

When Congress, the Whitehouse and the federal courts sign up I will concede it's OK. But we all know better don't we? You first Toomey!

Why are you going off predictions?  Didn't you say ACA didn't meet predictions?  So why would this plan?  Ins cos can't wait to reap the $$$
One Test, and this is the Bill for and person with the income of 24,000$ a year how is this acceptable?????

You are a liar
This isn't health reform, it's a redistribution of funds away from those who need them most to those who need them least. 19518

The biggest myth is that you care one whit for the people of this Commonwealth. You only care about your billionaires NY cronies.
Senator who won't take ownership & cherrypicks #ACHA facts. What about pre-existing conditions? Your staff won't answer, hangs up on us too
Fact: This bill does not make Americans healthier.  
It does not help anyone get better coverage.  
It does make a few people richer.
#19015
More lies, Pat. You can't drown out all the constituents complaining to you by simply lying more often and/or lying loudly. Shameful.
Fact: Eliminating indiv mandate doesnt help us afford coverage for all and wont make Americans healthier.
#19015
Let's start here Pat:
Going through this disaster of a 'health care' plan now. https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …
Fact: Preemie babies are expensive, but worth it.  This plan, allowing lifetime caps and pre-ex cond exclusions, is not pro-life.
#19015
Vote no. And when promising facts, please provide data, not generalities.
HE IS ONE OF THE 13 OLD WHITE MEN WHO WROTE IT!
FACT - tax cuts for the rich!!
Funny how you did not mention this in your document.  Stop sucking up to Trump!#ToomeySucks #ADAPTandRESIST
Tellingly, none of these "myths" address massive tax benefits for wealthy
Fact: Under this plan, employer-based plans & others can set lifetime limits, ensuring that our sickest wont get the care they need.
#19015
YOU ARE PATHETIC
Fact: Under this plan older people and those with pre-ex conds pay more. 
Please vote NO.
#19015
HE IS ONE OF THE 13 OLD WHITE MEN WHO WROTE IT!
Fact : you are trying to ram this through without time for others in the senate to study it
Hey Pat, if these are such 'modest' cuts to Medicaid, why does my accountant say the very fortunate (like me) get such a big tax break?
Fact: support for this among Americans is 18%
Ooh new poll today: 16%.....
Stop lying Toomey! You know this isn't good for PA. YOU will be responsible for the people you hurt with this terrible bill!
Nothing on this fact sheet about EHBs, skyrocketing deductibles, OOP spending caps, lifetime payout limits, or preexisting conditions.
Meanwhile, you fail to address that "modest" cuts to Medicaid are being used to line the pockets of the wealthiest Americans via tax cuts.
Fact: on weds you said you had not seen the whole bill, just the part you worked on. So you have not spent a lot of time studying the reat
*rest
Things changed. Medical costs are growing for reasons not addressed by the bill, and wages have not kept pace. That's the real problem here.
As a child, the kind told me about the "sin of omission" where by cherry picking facts & omitting others you lead people to believe a lie.
Are you going to spend all weekend trying to sell us a piece of crap?
So why not hold public hearings and debate, Senator? Surely that would help? These are not facts, and you know it.
Interesting the CBO hasn't even reported on the bill. So how do you know how it is going to judge this bill.  JUST SAY NO!!!
HE IS ONE OF THE 13 OLD WHITE MEN WHO WROTE IT!
Myth#2 Rich people are more likely to die without a tax break than the rest of us.
If you are so confident, would you and your family use this plan?
Vote NO on any cuts to Medicaid!
Myth #1 GOP cares about people
Why should we believe you? You're a liar and a traitor.
If you are this confident about your bill, let it go through committees, hearings, public comments. 

The fact you won't is telling.
Sen Toomey, this IS the problem I have with the ACHA. No transparency. Both sides need to stop battling & get the RIGHT bill for America.
Myth: Toomey represents all people of PA. Fact: Toomey cares about lining his own pockets and only represents himself.
Toomey gives weasels a bad name
Here's a fact 4 you-777,000 people stand to lose coverage in our state. And maybe u need 2 go check out@SenCasey's feed for the REAL facts.
Stop lying to your constituents
This pa constituent wants you to vote no
We do, BUT HE IS ONE OF THE 13 OLD WHITE MEN WHO WROTE IT!
What a croc of selective "facts" and attempting to blame the ruinous people-killing caps on The Democrats is just mendacious.
