Fox Lies Channel is propaganda.There are no facts on Fox.I'm sure you'll feel at home there. You can tell lies & they won't challenge you.
Can't watch Fox News, but would attend town meeting on Pittsburgh. Talk to your constituents, we aren't all degenerates,
How 'bout that town hall? When's the last time you were in Philly, btw? #realPA
Besides the Republican retreat when you basically hid the whole time?
1/2 
Your ideology is not worth the lives of thousands of US Citizens who will die due to your legislative proposals.
The @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP are complicit in an attempt to put 20+M US Citizens at risk of early death due to loss of #Healthcare.
too much of a coward to actually have a town hall.  can't wait to support your opponent when the time comes.
When's your Town Hall?
Can you explain the difference between Medicaid and Medicare to the President please?
 (you have exhausted my ability to reply with rational arguments, so I have resorted to poop emojis. You win this time)
face it your bill sucks and I don't trust a word you say..stop peddling crap and telling us it's not crap.
You're an immoral liar who'll be directly responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPDestroyingAmerica
Try an interview on a real news station then we will see.
Please come up with a way to COVER HEALTHCARE for all, which seems like a foreign concept to you REP. senators
You mean #fakenews That's were you belong!
Good luck we need a free market solution without the mandates - it is insurance - let individuals pick their level of risk and work with Dr.
I don't need healthcare reform NEARLY as much as I need #insurancereform. Let's call a spade a spade.
And I hope U will grow some courage to face your constituents at a town hall while you're out of session. How many VACATION days do U NEED?
I wish you would "tune in" and actually listen to the residents of PA.
WORST SENATOR EVER!
I don't pay for cable. That bill passed in the 90s never delivered the competitive pricing that was expected.
Now that you are home, when are you meeting with us in Philly to discuss Senate Bill?
You do not represent me. We will vote you out
Sorry I missed it. Be nice if you would join your constituents for the same discussion.
So you discuss this with FOX news, but refuse to meet with your constituents? #coward #whereispattoomey #disgrace
You're a joke.
How about joining your constituents at an in person Town Hall? Or holding public hearings on a bill that 17% approve of?
So disappointed that I voted for you even though I didn't vote for Tiny hands.  I thought you would be different.
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
What is your take on trump's mean tweets?  Does he intend to distract the public..maybe from failed healthcare legislation? I don't get it!
Senator Toomey:  thank you for weighing in on trump cyber bullying. I agree with you. Demeans the office. #impeach
Ah, there is nobody there senator, they all left for the holiday. Check out the Oval I hear a blow dryer.
If you want people and not sheep to hear you go on something other than Fox news. We don't watch state TV.
Give it up
Would love to hear my Senator's thoughts on our President's tweets today.
Sweet, when can your constituents get a chance to have a Town Hall on the same topic? #ToomeyTownHall
He doesn't do them...He does last minute FB live ones.
Hes a coward
He's more of a follower than a coward, but the people he follow show his true cowardice. @Koch_Industries & now @realDonaldTrump #Cowardice
He needs to face his constituents and he just wont. He hides behind FB live and phones. total cowardly actions. time to Cowboy up!
Honestly, we lost that battle when we let him get re-elected over Katie McGinty while destroying her environmental background with Koch $$$
I vote for her...he had some vicious ads.
How about a town hall with constituents, Senator?
Nope. Done with lies.
No fuckin way
This bill is bad and does nothing to improve our health care why don't you tell us what you want to furnish the American people.
Great response to the discussion
Nobody wants this bill. Look at the polls, listen to your constituents. Realize that your own state will suffer
shame on you mr.toomey.spend more time on our health care and not on fake news fox and the business channel.trying to be a mini trump?
lying liar on fake news #onthetaketoomey
When and where are you holding town halls over the July 4th break?
come home and discuss with your constituents.
Oh the Coward Toomey does not realize it is he who needs to tune in
Fox is not a news station it's an entertainment channel. News is fact based
Wow. Fox news? You on the state propaganda station. What. A. Shock.
But still no IN PERSON town hall in your state with your constituents! #sad
We don't want your reform! You failed
Maybe you could go on a channel that isn't aGOP propaganda organ?
So your live on #FixedNews #AlternativeFacts #FakeNews to spread your lies? Bravo! Senator your the example of what's wrong w/ politics
This is step 1, full repell! Get rid of mandates, pillars, free market, not a road to single payer! Yes on Kate's law!
letme break it down 4 u: Trumpcare =Bad; ACA=good only healthy alive constituents vote 4 u<maybe> Trumpcare isn't going to help them or u
Is Sen Toomey afraid to go on any other network ??? I live in PA have NEVER seen him on TV. NEVER....cause i don't watch fox pollution.
You're trying to re-brand this bill as health care reform? It is neither "health care" nor reformation. It's cruel. #VoteNo #SaveMedicaid
Would rather read that you are speaking to constituents in person, and listening to them!
How can you say that this bill will not cut funding to fight opioids?  Ever heard of Medicaid which is being cut?
I'll discuss healthcare with you when you face your constituents in person.
Ooh yes I really want to watch you lie about how Medicaid isnt getting cut even though millions of people will lose coverage.
Town Hall Now! Pennsylvania deserves your attention. Healthcare not tax cuts for the rich.
#GOPwealthcare
Pat the weasel pushing more propaganda and BS. Pennsylvanians please get rid of this BUM.
Vote no on your trumpcare.
You misspelled "health" Don't you mean "wealth"?
Sure, FOX News. They let you lie. Go on Rachel Maddow's show or with Lawrence O'Donnell's show. They will be civil, & fair. Not complicit
I did and I was appalled!
I don't think "reform" is the word you're looking for
17% approval rating in this bill! Back to the drawing board asshat!
Because we all trust you and Fox News! Are you kidding?? I read these comments, never one that supports your work! You're a disgrace
saw it - very well said.  thank you.  Dems need to put their 'bill' to the CBO and stop screaming 'People will Die'.
let me know when you get on a real news channel  say @BloombergTV ?
Toomey, you helped to draft this terrible bill. You are spreading propaganda and lies about it. You will be voted out of office.
We'd love to join in the discussion but you avoid constituents like the plague we will all have if your bill flies. #yourbillsucks
You are a sell out
Healthcare reform - NOT -  Just more LIES...It's a Tax Cut for the Rich...talk about that! and the reason for it!!....You will be VOTED OUT
Do you dream about tax cuts?
How about you hold a real town hall instead???
Of course you're on @FoxNews
Perhaps you could do less talking and spinning and obfuscating and selling, and do a little more listening. The bill is bad. Bad.
You have done nothing for healthcare reform. You proposed a tax cut 4 400 families & kicking 22 million of healthcare. Not reform just EVIL
RESIGN.....you are an embarrassment and a detriment to Pennsylvania. If only we had a recall provision.
And break my TV? No thanks
Many communities in Bradford & Tioga counties r designated Health Provider Shortage Areas, what does ur bill do to address it? #NoTrumpcare
When is your townhall?
I think you should let others speak on this topic based on your Trumpcare bill you don't know enough to speak on the subject
Single Payer System!!! Nothing else.
Ok, well guess I missed this. Your communication skills suck.
How bout discussing healthcare with your actual constituents?
You standing behind a cheap podium in hallowed halls of gov't says volumes.  You & your colleagues want to do everything on the cheap #sad
Sorry I don't tune into the soft-hitting fox "fake news" shows. Try meeting with your constituents. IN PERSON.
How bout joining your constituents to do so? In a townhall in Western Pennsylvania.
Seriously?
toomey could care less about working class Pennsylvanians

If only @SenToomey cared as much about saving American lives as he does sugar, #TrumpCare would fail. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/880481036857208832 …
Furthering misinformation in America.

Well, I hope that you won't vote to support a bill that cuts millions from healthcare; especially when your family gets it for free!
Why don't you defend your untenable position in a forum that isn't the GOP's and Trump's propaganda outlet? #FakeNewsNetwork
You have time to do a Fox News report but no time to face those who employ you in Pa. why is that? Stop voting party lines and do what best
But you won't have town meetings with your constituents!
the biased science denial network news, owned by the billionaire Murdoch family.
How about appearing on a reputable news network?
Dude... you're being hard trolled. It may help if you actually meet with your constituents, don'tcha think?
Let me guess: you're still for screwing the people of PA so that rich people can have more $$. That about right?
Looking forward to when you discuss health care reform with Pennsylvanians. #TownHall
When are you going to address your constituents in PERSON Pat???
Leave Medicaid alone!!!
Fox fake news.  Promoting the Death Bill. #sad
Town hall, town hall, town hall
Please go hide in your hole.  Useless to Pennsylvania citizens.  Sad.
Never. You should schedule an in person town hall so we, your constituents can ask you in person. 19464
Hope you can find time to actually talk to your constituents instead of news reporters sometime soon.
More lies?
Okay, I'm not sure if you know, but health involves people, not money and greed. Do yourself a favor: don't act like you care about PA.
Talk to those in Pa who employe you. No one thinks this is good stop running party lines And do WHATS RIGHT FOR THOSE IN PA
WHEN WILL YOU TALK TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!? TOWN HALLS
Why not discuss it with your constituents at a town hall?
Vote No!  Work with Dems to repair the ACA!
Instead of parroting mass media try meeting with your constituents in your PA offices.
FOX Entertainment NOT news! #fakestmedia
To listen to you lie about Medicaid?  No thanks.
You continue to be a huge letdown
Toomey will talk to Fox but won't answer calls from the people who elected him. Do I have to send a bike messenger?
#HealthCareReform was accomplished by previous admin. Perhaps Congress should train its focus on a dangerously out-of-control White House.
I cant afford cable so i wont
talk to your constituents instead you hack.
Let me know when you've worked with fellow senators and have a better deal to offer Americans. Then, I'll listen in.
For 7 years you promised repeal, but the bill you support repeals virtually nothing and creates new entitlements, so what's the point?
You're as dynamic as a dry sponge.
Can someone, anyone, tell me why a healthcare bill has tax breaks for billionaires in it? What rationalization accounts for this?
Not one person can explain to me why a healthcare bill has tax breaks for billionaires? NOT ONE?
@CNN Would you please help his constituents in Pennsylvania, this Senator avoids them at all costs. They have no voice, he has shut them out
Will you be making any public appearances in PA over the holiday?
Watch the state-run propaganda channel?  No thanks.
If you chose to go on Trump run networks you will only be answering to the atrimp supporters. BTW less than 35% of the country.
How about coming back to PA and meet with the people you represent. Stop being a coward Senator.
Wish our other Senator cared about Working Families as much as you do! Thank you
Maybe when join a reputable news outlet I will.
When will you listen to us? We are begging you listen to us! Have a REAL town hall!
Say it to my face #Townhall
How about laying off the propaganda @FoxNews and address your constituents at a town hall #liar #BRCA .. padding pockets of wealthy!
Tune in to hear u lie? No thanks! How's rubber stamping feeling today as your "president" insults people on twitter? #shame #StandWithMika
#Fact They want to kill off all the old folks, it is thier way around Death Panels
I hope you fall backwards over that balustrade
Hard swallow right before a lie watch
Prefer town halls!
Are you going to honestly address the bill will result* in millions losing coverage or are you going to continue to mislead thru rhetoric?
You would let people die so your rich friends get tax cuts. 400 families get tax cuts = 750,000 people off Medicaid. Murder.
Sorry, most of the citizenry recognize State TV.
We will be seeing you next time you run! As we are campaigning against you! Shame on you!
I also hope you will take time to denounce the vile language of YOUR president.
I wonder if he know where Northumberland is?  No, Senator, not the one in England.
All this time for tv but not for the constituents you represent we will return the favor in 2022
I hope you plan to tell the truth about this atrocious bill.
FauxNews the snowflake channel of Republican lawmakers.No tough question, great ass kissing reporters.THEY YELL at you if you tell the truth
BOOOOOOOOOO. Booo Toomey wherever he goes. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
When?  And why Fox?  You r still MY senator, in case you forgot.
How about coming to Philly?
Vote NO! I am one of your constituents! And I can't get through to your offices! listen to us in PA! for once listen to us VOTE NO!
I bet they'll ask you really tough questions! Sad that you won't speak directly to Pennsylvanians you represent
Warren Buffet is smarter than all of you and he knows what is best for America, not just the millionaires
http://thepoliticalorder.com/warren-wants-single-payer-health-insurance/ …
what about the self employed that aren't eligible for ACA & are being killed by high prices? HELP!
I hope you will support the life saving Medicaid expansion.
Hope to see you back in your state of Pennsylvania, the state your represent, for a town hall one of these days. Can't wait!
Unfortunately, we'll probably we waiting forever.
If you really want to prove this bill to us, don't do it on @foxnews - be brave enough to go on @NBCNews
That $354,000 insurance and pharmaceutical companies gave you is buying some great airtime. Thanks for being a shill for them instead of us.
Correction: you're going on the state-run "news" to talk about your tax cuts for the rich. 
Question: Holding any town halls next week?
Another interview where you'll misrepresent the reality of the bill? Nope. Please hold a town hall for your actual constituents. #NoBCRA
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Can you spare time to answer your phone or reply to emails with more than a form letter?  Constituent 18014.
Stooge.
Fox?! Don't you mean the Fake News Network?! Fake News and Friend tRump?
How about a town hall of a real news organization appearance? I am a disappointed constitute.
Don't you mean listen to me lie to Americans again?  You are just pushing this for the tax cuts. Put YOUR family on it!!! No exemptions!!!
How about an open process of discussion and amendment in committees & another period of debate and amendment on the floor of the legislature
EHB, pre-existing cond., & no caps are in employer plans due to ACA. Modify those w/ AHCA and you affect employer ins.
You better vote against this terrible bill. You don't need a tax break but people need Medicaid
ACA is being sabotaged by @realDonaldTrump
"Senate GOP Health Bill Would Raise Out-of-Pocket Costs in Every State"
He is imploding it forcing it to fail- fix it don't destroy it!
