What small multi-national corporation are you pandering to or selling our healthcare in a bid to privatize and increase our premiums?
Talk to that small business person about how Medicare for All would provide quality, affordable health care to everyone at lower cost.
You are a disgrace. How can you live w yourself as you take healthcare away from the poor?   Pennsylvania will not forget.   19608
But it was worse before ACA, this bill with huge taxcuts goes backwards and will not help small businesses, as less insured mean more ER use
I want the option of every small business joining the federal employee plan...take it from our taxes and we have universal healthcare.  Done
Solution 4 ppl who can't afford ins? Single payer, obviously. US makes us wait to 65,the age of single payer care in US. Medicare for ALL.
This break your heart but the CBO estimate of millions losing their healthcare doesn't bother you at all? Stop lying
Caller can't afford healthcare. Rs idea: make it so more people can't afford healthcare
You have no heart or compassion.
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/880892632142143490 … I see, so we make it more affordable for the small business owners by tossing 22,000,000 off of healthcare. CRUEL
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely with.... 
Funny you're pretending this latest draft will make things better. Party over people right Toomey?
What definition of small business are you using?
Our two children only have health coverage if service provided in a few counties of PA - this is not insurance.
Yes.  Let's replace insurance with "insurance".  Again, you're a monster.
Wow!  You really are soulless. Lying to&careless of people in one tweet. I need to rethink moving to PA
Neither the House nor the Senate bills will provide them with quality healthcare.
On w/@hughhewitt & caller's senator can't pass any bills. "It breaks my heart to have such an impotent man as senator" #bettersenator
agreed - we lost the ability to buy insurance as a business with two employees since we were Husband and wife.   Solution was Medishare
"So take healthcare away from everyone, and the business owner won't feel bad, that is my answer" Sen. Toomey replied.
Don't be mad at the job creators
Creators gonna create?
When did Reagan say "To ensure our economy does better using trickle down economics, take healthcare away from poor people."
I am tired of being trickled down upon and told my healthcare and economy will improve because others have more of my money than I do.
That's why healthcare shouldn't have anything to do with businesses. We need Medicare4All.
This could be fixed without taking healthcare access away from more than 23 million Americans. You'd have to give up rich people tax cuts.
Things like this could be fixed in the ACA withOUT taking healthcare access away from more than 22 million Americans. Selfish bill!
How about constituents act and bring impeachment charges against you?
Businesses have been backing out of healthcare for years.I was a manager and didn't get it in the 90s. 5 mil will lose theirs with your bill
It breaks your heart? I kinda doubt it cuz you don't have one!
Yes! Let's go with a system that works. Like....this one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_the_healthcare_systems_in_Canada_and_the_United_States …
@realDonaldTrump I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security Medicare& Medicaid May2015
When will you have a Town Hall?
By increasing out of pocket cost for everyone? I've read the CBO. Your plan is a tax cut for the wealthy on the back of a Medicaid cut
Under the ACA that caller does not need to provide health care cover. @SenToomey you are being disingenuous.
Catch up to reality @SenToomey I work in healthcare and it's time to follow every other civilized country and provide #SinglePayerHealthcare
And his employees cannot afford health care. Soon he will have no one healthy enough to do his work. Senate plan is just as bad. Serve us!
Healthcare is paid for by all people, one way or another. This just shows you have no clue Toomey!!!
So come up with a plan.
Pat, why in the world is the Senate choosing its arcane rules over the welfare of the People?
You should mean, "We must repeal it."
You are no better than trump as want your tax cut for rich like you all that you don't care who you kill!!!! You have family to protest to!!
Murderer! You want fool people that premiums will go down, but fail mention co-pays&deduct. will triple at best & deductables, & caps bad!
You must Not act. The tax break masquerading as a healthcare bill will be a disaster for PA residents.
We need you to vote on the health care bill.
7-yrs of complaining and you now control all branches of government - it's your job to fix it, but apparently you are terrible at your job.
Take my call. Cancer families won't be be to afford #BetterCare #healthcare is a morality andmortalityissue #fixtheACA
Are the billionaires you want to give the money from healthcare to "small business owners?"  Crocodile tears...
The plan you helped draft certainly won't fix that. You're just awful. You never did and never will have my vote.
This bill isn't the answer for small businesses affording healthcare.
The senate plan will do nothing to help that small business owner. #fixobamacare
Act on #FULLREPEAL to restore all of our freedoms taken by passage of ACA & all connected laws plus undo the Exec. Branch regs
Fox.  Really??
You don't have a heart.  If your car breaks down you can fix or get another car depending on cost.  What is the cost to fix ACA?
It's official...now YOU have lost your sense of reality too!
Just remember that the BCRA is terribly misnamed.
I DONT WANT FREE HEALTH CARE!!!! GET RID OF O LOSER CARE!!! Health care isnt a right! people need to start taking better care of themselves!
Co Sponsor the Safe Act H.R.113 stop the slaughter of America's Wild and Domestic Equines.  No more horse slaughter.
breaks my heart to think of people in nursing homes & rural hospitals who count on Medicaid. Don't put the burden to fund on PA
You need a quality single-payer system... Listen to Warren Buffett.
It broke my heart that 40k people died per year before Obamacare, there must be a way to compromise.
How about the $354,000 in campaign contributions from insurance and pharmaceutical companies? Maybe if they hadn't bought you.
Why does every other country have single payer and we don't? We are the richest country and we are failing the most vulnerable.  
Ok try NOT giving billionaires a tax cut and insurance executives a tax cut and perhaps this sm business can afford healthcare.
You must act: vote no. #BCRA does far more to help the wealthy than small businesses. Uncertainty is terrible for innovation. #KillTheBill
Want to help small biz afford healthcare? Remove the burden of providing it. Employees paid more and can choose plans that they prefer.
You and Hugh are quite a pair of twatwaffle's aren't you?
But it doesn't break you heart that millions will lose care? You priorities are flawed, probably b/c of the monied interests that own you.
Wonder if it 'breaks your heart' as much as 23M people? Know what breaks our heart, Pat? You. Your inability to listen or hold a town hall.
And it'll get much, much worse under YOUR bill.
Robbing us all of Medicaid to fill rich folk's pockets is unconscionable. It will cause more deaths. How cold and calculating that is!
@realDonaldTrump is saying #repeal  WHAT IS YOUR PLAN ?   Where is the real @GOP ?
Also, Hugh Hewitt is a ridiculous human being. You need better friends.
Money should help small businesses provide for employees while still making a reasonable profit. Feeding more tax dollars to the 1% is bad.
When do we the people of pa get to ask unfiltered open questions. NOT last minute hand picked????????????
The Legislation that you and 10 other white men is not going to help.  Universal healthcare is need.  Don't repeal Obamacare, revise it!
What is your idea of small business, Wall Street?
What " breaks my heart" is how hard you are working to remove, not add, people from healthcare.
How  do you stand with the president as he blackmails reporters? Cyber bullies people? swampy cabinet?  U supported @BetsyDeVosED !
Will. "it breaks my heart" apply to all the children that will not have healthcare????????
Have a #TownHall in #philly @SenToomey toomey WHERE DO YOU STAND ON @realDonaldTrump AND HIS presidency?.  Looks like u r rubber stamp
And I'm sure you're blowing sunshine up his butt instead of saying he won't be able to afford it under BRCA, either.
Hey Pat, small biz "breaks heart" but kid with cancer does not... Good luck defending this tweet..  I think you must be the Tin Man...
TOWN HALLS or aren't you man enough!!
Stop.  You aren't offering anyone "better care."  You're offering death sentences.
You will bankrupt me with your health care plan Senator Toomey  I an also a small business owner,  But your heart is made of stone for me
You do not care about small business owners or you would not charge me a premium of more than I make Sentor Toomey
I am a small business owner but you want to charge me a premium of $9500 a month for individual insurance.
I am a small business owner I will not be able to pay for your health insurance plan. I do not make enough to pay for your plan
You guys in DC should be looking for a way to dissolve govt involvement in healthcare all together.
I will not have heath care insurance.  If I need to go to hospital I will be bankrupt.  But it doesn't break your heart.
By making it more cost prohibitive for small businesses to afford insurance plans for their employees?
Under Obamacare at least I could afford my premium.  I would have to sell my house to afford 1 year of health insurance with your plan
If U say yes to the AHCA I will vote NO to U in the next PA Senate race.
EyesansEarsWideOpen. #EAEWO &'s WO
Why can't you fix premiums lower than a person's income.  If the premium is moire than I make I can't afford it.
In 7 years since Senator Casey signed Obamacare my family's premiums have skyrocketed and coverage is worse. Keep fighting for us!
Here's an idea, how about instead of tax breaks for wealthiest, instead one for companies that actually hire people. That's #trickleDownEcon
I'm a small business owner but you are raising my premium higher than what we make.
Here's the deal Pat:anything you support-we know will hurt millions of people.The people of PA know that you don't care what's best for them
When r u going to have in person Town hall meetings? Ur constituents deserve it. #TRUMPCARE  is a disaster
Providing healthcare for employees has been a burden on small businesses for a long time. It took Obama to act - you are just reacting.
This is why we need single payer. Take small businesses out of the equation. Engage your brain.
At least under Obamacare the premium was lower than my income. Under your plan it is higher than what I make.
I like how your office is more active on SM the more you're lying / the worse your position.
I'm a small business owner but I guess you think I don't matter.
Why do you want to charge premiums that are higher than a persons income?  Mine would be $114,000 a year for me & husband
Why should small biz have to provide healthcare? Why make every small biz in USA at competitive disadvant to Europe? #singlepayer
Sentator, the changes you're pushing make won't help this small biz guy. He is excluded from the mandate. Your changes will be catastrophic
SINGLE-PAYER
I am a small business owner too.  But I guess you don't care about me.
We own a small business & not only pay for our healthcare, but 5 other employees. WE CAN'T AFFORD YOUR #bettercare #listen2urconstituents
I would have to sell my house and then add some money too that for one year of health insurance.  $114,000 a year premium
I can't afford ins for my husband (with ALS Lou Gehrig's Disease) and myself without Medicaid...
The premium needs to be lower than your income or you are not able to pay it.  Under your plan my premium is higher than my income.
Too bad it will cost even more if #Trumpcare passes. You are just a liar. Put YOUR kids on the plan. No tax cut either. #toomeyhatesPA
I have a small business under your plan my premium will be more than my income  How can I pay that?  I don't make $9500 a month
Another Republican-friendly media appearance. U dont have the balls 2 face any1 who will call out yr bullshit-including yr own constituents.
gfy
If you can't afford your employees healthcare, you can't afford your employees. If you want to be an employer and pay less: Medicare for all
Like you have a heart!
Please. You don't give a shit about the poor and middle class until you need their votes
Yes, work with Democrats to make the system work.
#BetterCare  is N O T #noCare. Stop saying #BCRA will help the majority of Pennsylvanians when it will only help the 1% you work for us all
oh! you have one? well, this is news!!!
And nothing in your tax cut bill will help this. It will nakr things worse for small business owners who unexpectedly face illness.
Fix Obamacare. Fix it.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A stunning pair of charts of the CBO report from my colleague @alv9n 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This is wild. The tax cuts 400 families get from the BCRA equals the Medicaid expansion for 700,000+ people. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …
