The majority of your constituents want the ACA repaired NOT repealed.Resist any attempt by so called POTUS to sabotage it. SINGLE PAYER NOW!
REPEAL COMPLETELY
So millions of your fellow citizens lose healthcare- nice. You probably prefer a wall to FEMA.
What does wall have to do with FEMA??
money for the wall and the money for FEMA come from the same place, the tax payer. Trump wants to cut funding for FEMA.compassion vs vanity
@SenToomey having someone that challenges his racist views arrested. What a crock, may as well just go around wearing your white pointy hat.
@SenToomey take a good long look in the mirror you work for me not Trump. @SenJohnMcCain to explain it to you.
He despises Trump. Wtf are you talking about?
He voted with Republicans
You mean the 30 people with pre-screened questions? Hold a real town hall and cross City Line for once, coward
Hi Zoe -- all members of the public had the opportunity to submit questions and register for this session.
30 seats, pre-screened questions, exactly as I said. Not a town hall
Can all people who dare to ask a question at a town hall expect to be arrested or just those who threaten the status quo?
It's called a tv show, Mr Toomey.  Not a town hall.
According to the Liberal democrats, their the only one's holding town hall meetings.
"They're". And we are.
Fake "town hall." Fake Senator.
Fake human.
Real beaver!
I am about to have an American arrested for asking about DACA
If you ask questions @SenToomey doesn't like, you'll be arrested. Not american. Coward. Resign.
U believe the NYT? Got to be kidding. They are an advocate not a news organization. laughable

Do you always arrest voters for asking questions you dislike?
Quit!
Work with the President he knows what the people want
Drop the charges against Simon Radecki.  Drop the charges against Simon Radecki.  Drop the charges against Simon Radecki.
Stop the rising taxes
Next time, perhaps a little more than "a few moments" notice.
That's not a town hall. That is a scripted safe place meeting for a senator that fears the true interaction with Pennsylvanians. Shameful
Pat, come to Reading and do a real town hall. I will send a map so you can find Reading and instruction manual on how to do a town hall.
You have 30 people from PA that are not picked by you. Quit calling it a town hall, so I can stop calling you a liar, you fraud.
President Trump said "good" people on both sides of the statue issue FYI Maybe get some Republicans at your next town hall!
All of the naysayers commenting that it was not a real Townhall: just be sure to join me in voting him out in 2020. #heyheyhohotoomeygottago
How do you defend selling our online privacy?
Just watched a morally bankrupt coward again hide from his constituents.
Promise everything and come through with nothing. Healthcare,taxes and wow term limits. Get to work. Earn your keep which is to much.
I voted for Trump and you got in. You better support him. McConnell and Ryan are in trouble. Your next. Support Trump NOW
Thanks for a great town hall!
We're outside. Unfortunately, we weren't the sort to be selected for your safe space. You must listen to your constituents. It is your job.
No real surprise though.  Rather than represent all of Pa. as you are supposed to do you only work for your supporters interests.
#cowardly
Not really a town hall, Senator.  Try again.
You're a joke and a coward. Hold a real town hall and let as many of as want to show up and ask any questions! We aren't afraid of you Pat.
OMG you are still awful.
30 people is not a town hall coward
You mean your fake because rigged town hall? @TuesdaysToomey
Actually just television, entertainment for his base. Not really a town hall. @SenToomey doesn't do town halls.
When will you have a real town hall in Pittsburgh?
No thanks, you are full of 
I hear your senate colleagues like Ted Cruz better than you. And they hate Ted Cruz. #spineless
Your so-called town hall is a farce....kind of like you!  #goplies #GaslightingAmerica #recalltoomey
This is a joke. Do your job.  Print up your voting recorc since last term you started . This is your JOB not celebrity meet & greet
Timid Pat Toomey
staged by a "representative" afraid of his constituents; beholding to wealthy donors.
This is a scripted performance, not a town hall.
My question is why did Comey decide he wouldn't prosecute Hillary long before the evidence was looked at?
Wrong thread honey, go play conspiracy games somewhere else.
This isn't a town hall it's a hour meeting. More motivation to volunteer for @SenBobCasey   #ShameToomey
Sir, it is folly for you (and the rest of the GOP) to continue to attack the ACA. Your reply is NOT what you are proposing. Stop lying sir
History will not be kind to Republican senators like you who did not take their constitutional mandate seriously.
Doesn't seem to be on in the Philadelphia Suburbs. @whyy no coverage?
Found it on channel 10. Thanks @PBS
Pre-screened questions from 30 people isn't a town hall, liar. You're taking the cowards way out. Just like your leader.
Questions were selected by an independent body with no affiliation to Sen. Toomey.
Who is fact checking? Did you invest in an independent fact checker?
How about a REAL town hall?  Open door and unscripted?
This is a studio presentation with a limited live audience. Far from a town hall Pat. R U Scared to be among real people @TuesdaysToomey
Town hall = a hall in a town not a television studio.
#NotATownHall
I wasn't born yesterday

Fake human has fake town hall, again. @SenToomey
Sham. You're afraid to answer to your constituents in real dialogue, so you do what you always do: take the cowardly way out.
We invite to you a REAL town hall where you don't limit to just a few or cherry pick the attendees Senator. You represent us. Meet with us
Someone cherry picked your attendees, the DNC probably
Huh?
Not a real town hall. We are not fooled by your shenanigans
Could you please answer my Q about why you support Trump when he's such a despicable bigot?
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL. Only 30 attendees. Pre-screened questions. Consider why you are too ashamed to face your constituents.

Counter programming against the @Eagles game? Bold call. Probably for the best.
