ironic since you're afraid to chat with your Philadelphia constituents.
Where do you get your cheesesteaks from? It's definitely not Philly because you never come here.
Does it feel good to eat a cheesesteak after voting to take away woman's reproductive rights?
Were you the guy at Geno's who was ordering one of these in a trenchcoat and baseball cap and then running from constituents?
Thanks so much for selling out my internet security for your own personal gain! Awesome job as usual, Pat.
Since you voted to allow for companies to sell our search histories I can't wait to see that you googled what "wiz wit" means.
apparently you want to take our privacy too. Thanks for voting HJ Res 86.  Please think about the populist against the bill
We have a president with ties to Russia, growing evidence of massive corruption & you post about cheesesteak?
I'll take my internet without survelleince for profit! Thanks & keep looking out for us! We'll remember at election time!
I don't see how this is relevant to anything #doyourjob
While @SenBobCasey calls out the GOP to work on ACA you tell us you like cheesesteaks w/fake cheese. #FakeSenator #udontcare #$$$
Eating meat is demoniac.
shut up you loser pig coward
H.J. Res 86 is a violation of our privacy. Philadelphians are shocked to know you are in support of it. Please vote against it!
When and where can we find you enjoying one? We look forward to discussing #SJRes34 Or shall I ask your ISP? #TuesdayWithToomey
Are you celebrating selling our privacy with that Broadband bill? You are despicable, Pat.
.  Nothing like hard hitting efforts to improve America. A cheesesteak in every home, & wiz to make Republican deception go down.
I hear trump takes his with extra wiz
hey Pat when and where is your next townhall?  I'll be there.  With a cheesesteak from Jim's.
National kill the planet day is more like it 2000 gal of water and 40 pounds of grain per pound of beef...

I take min wit #ChecksAndBalances   How 'bout it?
I see you are busy solving the big problems that face the citizens of PA #DoYourJob #YourLastTerm
Maybe he just isn't a senator, he's just been faking this whole time. I know I'll be ignoring his fake laws.
We don't care. Do your job. Listen to your constituents. Clear out voicemails. Listen. Represent us, not your donors.
TIME FOR A SELECT, INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION WITH A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TO LOOK AT THE TREASON OF TRUMP + RUSSIA!!!!!
how do you take town hall meetings with your constituents?  Answer-I don't know because I'm too much of a coward to have one
You're complicit.  #nazicunt
Pretty cheesy for a guy who has his hands in Russian pockets
Vote NO on Gorsuch. He supports BIG business not the common person. Poor record on paid maternity leave.
I have a feeling you are a Steak-um guy personally since you avoid Philly at all costs #TheResistance
You can't talk about cheesesteaks when you REFUSE to hold a town hall meeting in Philadelphia. #Missing #wherespattoomey?
still waiting for plan to improve ACA; trump and house have given up. Time for bipartisan grown-ups to get to work, are you 1?
just listened to @LindseyGrahamSC & was very impressed. Maybe u should take a page out of his book & stop hiding.#PAWILLNOT4GET
#toomey are you serious? Is this how you spend your time? We asked for your position on the healthcare act and you were absent.
Given recent events, recognizing this Day will probably be the most that the Republicans accomplish the next four years.
When is your in person town hall, you need to hear from us. Stop being a coward !
Don't bother coming to Philly, we don't want you here!
Cute. Your thoughts about the admin/campaign Russian connections? Taking healthcare from the people? When is the Townhall Pat?
talk to your constituency. Don't be a coward.
. @SenToomey Maybe u should work on getting universal health care for the US instead of talking abt cheesesteaks. Oh, & a town hall or 2....
since you are afraid of your constituents you must send a staff member to pick up your cheesesteak.  #trumpcaredefeated
I will bet money pay toomey has never enjoyed a cheese steak in his life.
Are you friggin kidding? With the critical issues we are dealing with -this is what you tweet?  You need to be impeached!
no help from you they blocked #Trumpcare
- have you been drinking a lot today old boy???
quit talking about cheesesteaks and tell us why you voted against the environment
Before you slither back under a rock, tell us what its like to know your careers impending doom..? 

#horribleperson
and your thoughts on Trumpcare being pulled?  Didn't elect you for your taste in cheesesteaks.
wow you can tell you just won an election with this blither
9_11 style independent commission on #Russiagate! No biz as usual in the gov't until it's resolved, this is bipartisan
My favorite is extra cheese, no peppers, and eating it while Trumpcare is going down in flames!
I am so flabbergasted by this inane tweet - Trump is pulling the country down and you can only send this out, embarrassing
Congrats.  No one cares that you are able to eat chemical cheese, because you have good health coverage.
I take mine wiz wit Obamacare
they make Cheesesteaks in Philly, I had one when I went to @SenBobCasey's Town Hall.  U should try having one.  It's eye-opening.
I take mine without Gorsuch. I prefer Garland, but you won't even try it. #StopGorsuch
I take mine with essential health benefits
: rest of us are celebrating saving healthcare for millions of Americans, obviously you would prefer to keep your head in the sand
o come on. REALLY??? we need you to pay attention, to listen to us, to do your job. stop with the stupid "just folks" nonsense.
I'm so happy we get to celebrate 5 more cheeesesteak days together!!!
really?? This is what you tweet about today? Such a cliché.
hey, I've got a great idea, tell us where you're eating, and we'll join you! We'd love to see you! #wheresToomey
Were you celebrating pouring coal sludge in streams, selling our personal info, or the fact that you are a republican tool! #evil
You're a tourist and a coward. Resign and leave.
chained yourself to that dead hooker so now let's talk cheesesteak ? smooth move
.@SenToomey You've had a cheesesteak? Surprising, considering youve never held a Philly town hall. Its only the largest city in your state!
That's sad, Pat. Incase you've ignored your phone calls. America is awoken. We want the traitors in our WH out.
*and any member of Congress who supports the traitor in the White House. You'll have a fun few years Pat!
If I were you, I'd wanna talk about cheesesteaks right now too. How bout meeting with your constituents #wheresToomey
thanks to your vote on S.J.Res. 34, I now fear that Kraft breaks into my computer and tracks me. Your privacy is also compromised
This vote is another strike against you. Do you ever vote for consumer protection or are you always a corporate rubber stamp?
silly question. You had to ask? Toomey is a coward! #wheresToomey
if I offer you a cheese steak with wiz will you actually hold a real town hall? I mean I'm not giving you but I'm curious
Republican party is a complete dumpster  right now. Need something more patriotic than cheese steak dude.
Lay off the cheesesteaks and get to work for you constituents!
Douchebaggery at its finest.
Pat Toomey, ladies and gentlemen.
no thanks. Celebrating GOP loss instead!!
sure nothing like a cheesesteak and an extra $54 billion in military spending that we don't need. #DoYourJob
Why don't you learn how to listen to your constituents and hold some town halls? #DoYourJob #CountryOverParty
Why don't you work or comment on important issues of today like Casey?
just stop loser! How about national impeachment day!
so this was today's main event?
I like mine wit representational integrity
Oh yeah, clear your voicemail inbox and make yourself available to your constituents. Learn Accountability, communication, and transparency
Your constituents now know your priorities. Glad u showed ur true stripes. Healthcare is a right, not a privelidge. Townhall dodging is lame
how about a statement on healthcare, or Russia, or your nonexistent town halls? I'll give you a cheesesteak for any 1 of those!
instead of celebrating cheesesteak work to help the poor, the sick, & elderly instead of working for the rich & your friends.
But apparently without the side of Town Hall!
cool. Any thoughts on the Transphobic bus coming through our state/cities next week? [My ZIP 19130]
I'm not celebrating you selling my privacy without my consent. We need to talk. Town hall in the Burgh, please?
Are you for real?
wiz wit. Dim wit. #realPA
Did you say #TrumpRussia? Sounds like you said #TrumpRussia
No one cares. But rest assured we will remember your silence on Trumpcare. And your references to preexisting conditions.
Please confirm that this wasn't the most important thing on your mind today. PA residents deserve better.
really? You're never in Philly, so you're not doing it right
Glad to see you've got your eye on the ball, champ.
Trumpcare is dead in the water and POTUS is in the pay of the Russians and you are tweeting about cheesesteaks ??
how about a townhall?
Sure will need some good health care after eating a few of these bad boys. Wonder who could help w/ that?
thanks for letting corporations have free use of our private information.  You suck even worse now
how about a town hall so you can hear what your constituents want, not your rich corporate donors?
.@SenToomey no other matters of importance to your constituents happening today that you might want to comment on?
my friend @MCgetting and I will buy you a cheesesteak anywhere you want if you have a town hall meeting in Philadelphia!
Me three. I'll even buy you a beer if it means you'll have a real town hall in @PhiladelphiaGov.
Sad.
We're celebrating revival of ACA. & we'll celebrate when u find ways 2 improve it 2 provide comprehensive affordable health ins.
Our country is falling apart because you & your party put yourselves before America, and this is what you post. Disgusting.
so that's the most important thing that happened Today? You are useless!
Yes, and thanks to the failure of the #AHCA, it is still safe to eat one. #SaveACA
, this is what you're doing, now? Where have you been for the last two months? Get your act together! #NoConfidence
Have you seen the responses, dude? Why do you even have a twitter? Some kind of complicated masochistic fetish or something?
Oh, look over here, everyone! Cheesesteak! We're not that easily distracted, Senator. HOLD A TOWN HALL. Thank you.
why did you vote to eliminate internet privacy? Why?  What kind of country do you want to live in?
New healthcare plan: a cheesesteak for everyone!
disgraceful
Have a meeting with the people you represent and forget about the cheesesteak!!! DO YOUR JOB
.@SenToomey Aah, so you'll come to #Philly for cheese steaks but not a town hall? You are an embarrassment.
why don't you work and do the job that you are paid to do. We don't want to see cheese steaks. We want Trump impeached
Ha! What would you know about a Philly Cheesesteak? You've been hiding from Philly!
.@BannonSamantha @SenToomey He's not hiding from Philly he's hiding from PENNSYLVANIA
Interesting that a cheesesteak tweet went out at 4:20
ha...fair enough!
I take mine with a townhall in Philadelphia #toomeytownhall
Seriously? Do you think this is what is important? And as a Philly native, don't disgrace our cheesestk by eating one
I'M CELEBRATING THE FAILED DEATH CARE.  THANK GOD. THANK YOU @SenBobCasey.  I might sleep tonight
Pat has a thing or two to learn from Bob.  Like how to be a human being. So glad to have @SenBobCasey!
Your way of celebrating the survival of ACA and access to cardiologists??
unbelievable. You're diamond joe quimby level embarrassing.
Have you ever had a real cheesesteak from Pat's or Geno's?  We never see you in good ole Philly.
Sheesh why did they pick a Friday during Lent for Cheesesteak Day? 
You can't meet/address constituents but you have time to tweet about cheesesteaks ? You fail at your elected job. Sad !
For real?  All that's going on today in Congress and you tweet about cheesesteaks?? Do you really think PA folks R that simple? @SenToomey
.@SenToomey So good to see you alive on Twitter! If you'll hold a town hall in Philly, I promise to bring you a cheesesteak! Wit!
#doyourjob
And it's "wit wiz" not "wiz wit."  Clearly Philly cheesesteaks is another topic you know nothing about.
He's actually right. About this, anyway. That's where I have to leave it these days.
You have got to be kidding!!!
I'll bring the cheesesteaks if you hold a townhall in April Senator. You're constituents deserve to be heard
try an Italian Beef from @AlsItalianBeef  and you will throw that Cheese Whiz thing away.
What is wrong with you? You are the definition of #facepalm.
I take mine with people who have the balls to hold town halls.
.@Cheryld609 @SenToomey
are you really tweeting about cheesesteak right now? 
@TuesdaysToomey  How about you take it with a town hall? #realPA
As you enjoy your cheesesteak, consider the ways to represent ALL constituents and stay on the right side of history.
This level of tone-deafness is amazing!
you don't get to claim Philly when you refuse to have a town hall here! @TuesdaysToomey SAD!
How abt a #ToomeyTownHall in #Philly?! It would make #RealPA constituents celebrate. #TuesdayswithToomey #cheesesteak
Did you see that he voted against consumer protection regarding internet privacy? He is useless to PA
DO YOUR JOB #ReplaceIn2018
we are stuck with @SenToomey until 2022 unfortunately.
ugh my bad
I like my senators wit compassion, thank you. Also, hold a town hall already, Senator. I'll bring you a cheesesteak.
Someplace where elected officials ignore the wishes of their constituents and are too cowardly to appear n public.
Your timing is a little off for this tweet Serious stuff going on at this minute Like Healthcare repeal fail
It's probably a late Friday scheduled tweet.
Thank you I didn't think of that
No excuse, though. His social media team needs to be on the ball.
Agree
.@SenToomey Quiet day in D.C., huh? Enjoy your cheesesteak!
I like my Senators wiz less wit, more hard work for constituents
I'm assuming this is a scheduled tweet...?
Naw, he's really bad at scheduling stuff. Like townhalls. #wheresToomey

I gave up cheesesteaks for lent. You had to show me this. 
oh thank God we know your preference. I thought we were in the midst of a constitutional crisis or something. @TuesdaysToomey
I thought it was national "24 million people not getting kicked off of health insurance" day. My bad.
maybe he's beefing up to get us some god damned presidential integrity /s
we can eat them at your next town hall!
Cheesesteaks are obviously the most important thing going on right now. Been a real snoozer in DC today, hasn't it?
