Let's hope they don't have a pre-existing condition or this year is gonna be bad.
#eatadick #hebrewsfinest
Senator - do not live in PA, but have relatives there.  On this day, a friend of Jewish community, friend of all, would not support G-C l
Senator- do not comply with donor wishes - do what is right- you and your colleagues know that GC is wrong!!!!!
Fuck you schmuck get away from my holiday
Happy 5778 the year I lose my health insurance
Vote no Pat! Unless you offer to take the state run plan...
And during this solemn introspective holiday, I'm praying that you will resign NOW since you obviously don't work for your constituents.
When doctors, medical associations, and nearly 85% of the US population says they hate this bill, you really should listen. Vote NO!
Vote NO to te Graham-Cassidy repeal. Do the right thing for once in your pathetic life Toomey.
Don't wish us Happy New Year while taking away medical care from millions of Americans! #CrookedToomey
your constituents are watching your every move.  COUNT ON IT.
Please Vote No #GrahamCassidyBill that will hurt millions of most needy Americans. Work together do Better 4!
Thanks for the holiday wishes. Now honor God by protecting his people and vote against Grahm/Cassidy. It the right thing to do.
Your heathcare bill doesn't protect people with preexisting conditions. You will be voted out of office when people find you are to blame
The new year will be a good year for us all if you vote no on the wretched #GrahamCassidyBill
Thank you. Now in 5778 please be sure to take care of the most vulnerable and vote against Graham Cassidy.
Those celebrating today may not live to celebrate next year after you take their health care away.
I can't have a Shana Tova if I'm worried about my and my husband's healthcare!
Nice sentiment, but Rosh Hashanah is about conscience and introspection.  We are thinking of all those who will lose healthcare. Vote NO!!!!
How about for a Sweet New Year u leave our healthcare alone?
Vote NO on Graham Cassidy bill.
Want us to have a happy holiday? Don't vote for the new healthcare bill.
What would make the year sweet is not losing health care. Vote no.
I hope you or someone on your behalf reads your twitter responses.
@SenToomey doesn't  even have an efficient telephone system that let voters register their wishes. Incompetent!
If you really believe in good health vote no on this terrible healthcare bill
Uhhh ok you can wish my diabetic, anemic, cancer-surviving, relying on ACA dad a happy new year by not voting to kill him in 5778.

No SANE person WOULD vote for insane TRUMPDONTCARE medical, REAL  Americans praise those who save us from it! #CrookedTrump #NaziPresident
Please vote for vulnerable Pennsylvanians and no on graham Cassidy. https://www.facebook.com/mona.g.cohen/posts/10214186610596056 …
Quit with the insincere holiday wishes  do your job by protecting Pennsylvanians against unjust healthcare laws. Vote NO #GrahamCassidyBill
I would be having a good new year if HCBS waivers might go AWAY due to #GrahamCassidyBill. But now I worry If I will have a JOB IN 2 YEARS
we will see just how much you care for your fellow Americans when the vote for this piece of crap Graham Cassidy bill comes
Thanks but I can't have a happy New Year when I am so stressed over #GrahamCassidyBill . Please vote NO.
Let's celebrate by taking care of people:
Any words about the Americans in Puerto Rico who are without electricity?  Prayers ? phone numbers. Anything
Perfect example of how selective (racist) Toomey is on issues.  Veterans get token visits.  People ravaged by hurricanes ...silence.
If u really care about people give us healthcare!! #sentoomey #health4all
Please Senator, do not vote for this health care proposal! It is not beneficial to people in our state.
I want Senator Toomey to vote NO. Americans deserve a bipartisan effort to reform the ACA, not an appeal that will harm millions of us!!
Vote NO on the Cassidy-Graham bill! I say that and I'm a long time republican!
It will be a good year if you vote NO
TO ALL MY FRIENDS CELEBRATING 
ROSH HASHANAH
Happy new year!  Please vote no on repeal so I can keep getting my meds & don't die this year.
How do you say "I will vote against Graham-Cassidy" in Yiddish?
Probably a waste of time asking u to vote against the latest health-care-for-some bill. Might be nice to see u care about your constituents

Celebrate by supporting a bi-partician FIX for the ACA. You work for us,not big business.People over Profits.Words are cheap SenToomey!
Don't insult the Jewish people as you ram the knife of Trump's vile policies in our backs!
Some of those people have pre-existing conditions. If you respect them, you'll vote NO on  G-C.
Vote NO on Graham Cassidy.
Coded message to the Zionist.
if its not re: the police state or the military industrial complex - not a peep from "pat"

because those r his handlers
If you care so much then vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy Kill not Heal Bill!!
What's the Hebrew word for "lying shit bag"?
שקית חרא
Do the right thing, Pat. Vote no.
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy and let everyone have a chance to enjoy a healthy new year.
Open mouth insert foot.  Wishing for a good year is just wrong when you want to ruin ours by voting for this Cassidy bill  VOTE NO
And vote against Graham-Cassidy so we can have healthcare in this new year!
Vote NO on Cassidy-Graham.
New Year would be sweeter if we knew all Pennsylvanians would have access to affordable health care!
Why don't you embrace the spirit of the group you just tried to hijack and not vote to kill millions of people who need help seeing a doctor
How many Jews are going to lose Health Care under your plan you Keep your Holiday wishes to yourself. It doesn't mean a thing coming from U
May you be sealed to PROTECT your constituents in the coming year.
We all want to celebrate life. Please protect the health care of the people you represent! Vote NO Graham-Cassidy! Bipartisan fix needed!
vote against Graham-Cassidy
Your constituents say you act like they work for you instead of the other way around. Do your job and reduce the debt you have accumulated.
I would prefer you not use the language of my religion when you can't even condemn those who want us dead.
Wait... what? Aren't you preparing to vote yes on the #GrahamCassidy Citizen Killing Bill, to appease the bona fide Nazi, Drumpf?
The president you support will not denounce assholes wearing swastikas.
Unless they're democrats, right Senator??
Stop supporting a president that says there are "good people" on the side of white nationalism and Nazism
We are called Jews. We care for people in need. We like healthcare for women, kids and the poor. It'll be a great year if you vote NO.
You have lots of Jewish constituents in Philly. Why don't you come meet some of them and have a town hall here?
So no Tweets on Healthcare and how much the new bill will devastate Pa. Shame on you Pat.
He says nothing about health care. But plenty to tell us about honeybees!
You'd best bee-lieve we're buzzing over our homemade honey! ICYMI: My family and I recently took up beekeeping: http://bit.ly/2uWemp8  
He is planning his retirement. Though with this EPA, his bees may all be dead.
Did you hear about the Jewish troll?

His name was Rumpled Foreskin.
PA, did you know GrahamCassidy does not include coveragoe for opioids?
Penny was just 1 year old, the latest victim of an opioid epidemic that is now taking 60,000 lives a year http://nyti.ms/2hjKayY 
He knows, but must appease the Nazi.
Like you care. Do not vote for @GOP health bill. It will kill people. LIsten to your constituents for once and not your abhorrent party.
Do you think your constituents don't know whose lackey you are?
Shofar, so good.
Thanks. While you're feeling charitable, please also don't destroy our healthcare system.
Says the Senator who won't have a live town hall, supports population control & a Russian puppet president. Happy New Year to who?  Not us.
Thank you Senator! Called you today to ask you to vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill so we can all enjoy a healthy new year
Rigt on! #notforus!
But only to those without pre-existing conditions, right? All others you're happy to see suffer and bankrupt.
You are an utter hypocrite, considering the dalliances with anti-semitism from the administration you refuse to condemn, fake catholic.
Says the guy that supports our white supremacist president!
Quit!
This message has been approved and paid for by Americans for Prosperity.
...and I will be voting for #GrahamCassidy in a few days. Smell ya later.
May the new year be a healthy one for all Americans, not just those who, like you, enjoy the security of government sponsored healthcare.
Crazy.  How is Toomey supporting this bill?
FACT: If #GrahamCassidy #TrumpCare bill becomes law, an estimated 1,066,000 Pennsylvanians will lose health care. #KillTheBill 
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
