You both look lovely. Question: what about the kids w/no ins? You want to repeal ACA; what will happen to them?
so you support cancer research but don't support funding low-income children getting cancer treatments? #hypocrite #shametoomey
If diagnosed w/ a catastrophic disease I'd refuse treatment to not bankrupt my family now caps will be reinstated w/ aca repeal
without the ACA many won't get necessary treatment... Remember that
wouldn't you be referring to these kids as "burned down houses"? You're a trash bag of a person.
ACA require access to health care- even for preexisting conditions like cancer or in our case psoriatic arthritis
Please continue to do what's right and note vote for Devos as Sec. of Education!
please think of those on the ACA as you fight heroically against cancer. PA needs health care.
their daughter went to the same public school as ours. You know, the public schools you want to ruin.
They do! Totally bummer that so many kids will now lose access to healthcare with repeal of ACA though.
If you want to put a dent in cancer rates, consider banning fracking in PA!
Kids with cancer and their families need the ACA. Hypocrite Toomey
when are you having a townhall for constituents
we have "Tuesdays with Toomey"outside CC office but he doesn't show. Seems he hates to be bothered but he works for US!
Wouldn't it be great if everyone had access to healthcare for childhood cancers? Like, an Act to make healthCare Affordable.
Kids who get cancer will be denied coverage the rest of their lives after you vote to repeal the ACA.
If you really cared about kids with cancer, you would work to keep them on their parents' insurance until 26 with full coverage.
what will they do when there's no more health coverage bc of ACA repeal? Life caps & preexisting cond = no coverage = death
She had a pre-existing condition...  Aren't parts of the ACA worth saving?  Why repeal when you can improve?
I'm confused. You referred to people with pre-existing conditions as burned out buildings no one would want?
Then I assume you will protect these kids w/ pre-existing conditions from lifetime limits. Keep ACA protections!
Block grants for medicaid hurt children
If you post the pic, you should address the comments that you receive.
you & GOP are keeping yr health insurance. Why are you going after sick, disabled Americans? Vote to keep ACA!
then vote To keep: ACA 40 million need-Fear GOP will kill sick like they did in Nazi Germany: disabled next, etc
Vote NO to DeVos. She lacks the knowledge and qualifications to manage special education and federal law. 17754
is a great cause. Remember so many kids with cancer have reached their lifetime medical insurance cap.
VOTE NO FOR DEVOS. VOTE FOR WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS WANT. SHE IS HORRIBLE FOR EDUCATION AND SHE KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT IT!!!
Are you serious? You voted to take away coverage for these children. When do we get a town hall meeting to discuss
but you voted to repeal ACA. how do you expect those w/pediatric cancer to get the treatment they need?
we must keep telling him we need. He wrote me he's against health care forUS. Keep calling him too!
so are childhood cancer survivors burnt houses? With pre-exist conditions & caps on coverage you're not caring 4 kids who matter.
If ur concerned about childrens health,Y did U vote against the ACA.Obviously U don't care about childrens health!
Whether they make $1.25 or $12,500, ins. companies will laugh at them and others in Ryan's high-risk pool scam.
hypocrite. ACA would have made sure my BT survivor would be covered as an adult. We need more than a phot op. Ass.
You hypocritical SOB. How dare you claim you support these children.  You don't when you take away healthcare!
Stop listening to party yesmen and recognize that this wall of people incensed by ACA repeal = your constituents.
You voted to repeal the ACA. It's not too late to save the #ACA. Be courageous; be humane; don't vote like a Republican
Sweet bow tie, boss!
: Mr Toomey you are forcing us to drink the koolaid that will cause death to many Americans in your desire to repeal the ACA.
You know what else helps fight childhood cancer on a personal level? The ACA. How bout we keep it.
Shows up here for a photo opportunity.
Votes against affordable health care for children.  Keeping it classy.
If you care so much when are you having a town hall & changing #ACA stance?
U do a great thing but how about getting me @TerriZezza a job w/the State. I am sick of begging.
we need excellent health care for all. On behalf of my PA family, I beg no repeal of the ACA without a replacement!
Maybe if you didn't vote to take away CHIP, he might not have to sell lemonade? #HealthCareForAll
.@SenToomey @AlexsLemonade instead of doing disingenuous photo ops, protect the health care of people with pre-existing conditions! #SaveACA
YOU VOTED TO TAKE AWAY CHILDREN'S HEALTH CARE.
You voted down a reconciliation bill that would help cut the costs of prescriptions.  Hypocrite!
And could be denied coverage if cancer returns. ALSF is amazing. Protect these kids by preserving their coverage.
Without ACA, many of these children will reach lifetime coverage caps before they're out of elementary school. 1/2
Repeal of ACA says more than an appearance. Help those with pre-existing conditions. Not private pools, coverage!
I want saying hi to Senator Pat Toomey :)
wants a cookie for supporting a cancer charity while he votes for #ACARepeal. His constituents are not having it. #SaveACA
once you have cancer, you have pre-existing condition w/o ACA. Not ONCE did you ever try to help these people
Oh, you hypocrite. Smiling in their faces when you're voting in favor of something that will kill some of these kids.
Sad you don't care about these people m
you are a hypocrite.
Show us with your votes that you care about children's health. Not with your photo ops. You disgust me. #hypocrite #SavetheACA
All the lemonade in the world won't pay for cancer treatment, but you voted against #ACA #shameful
I guess when u have cancer but not insurance, gotta make lemonade out of lemons. Shame on you Toomey!
you should be ashamed of yourself..voting against #aca funding for CHIP and pre-existing cond @AlexsLemonade #toomeyisahypocrite
What's your health care plan Senator Toomey? Thank you @HillaryClinton for  Children’s Health Insurance Program (SCHIP).
Yet, you voted to repeal Obamacare which provides health insurance for people with cancer.
Your support of ACA repeal will make you personally responsible for more kids dying. #irony
.@SenToomey we'll need a lemonade stand and a gofundme when you repeal ACA and cost 960,000 Pennsylvanians their healthcare.
Wed Jan 11: Toomey votes to kill healthcare: Yea: 1 52 60 167 174 176 179 180 181 184; Nay: 8 13 19 20 yada yad
From Michigan to Seattle, Maine to SF, tens of thousands organized against ACA repeal. #SaveACA
These aren't Trump rallies. From Michigan to Seattle, Maine to SF, tens of thousands organized today to tell Trump & GOP not to repeal ACA. 
Do you think those kids with cancer deserve insurance or nah?
will need lifetime of healthcare and prexisting conditions.
pediatric cancer survivors health effecrs from tx..loss of hearing heart probs vision probs secondary cancers intellectual probs
.@SenToomey @AlexsLemonade But what will you do for kids with coverage for their cancer under the ACA if you vote to repeal without replace?
Maybe all the kids who die thanks to your ACA repeal will start charities too! More balls for you to look cute at!
And the ACA will help parents sleep at night knowing their child is insured. Don't Repeal! @TuesdaysToomey
Another way that you could help families dealing with pediatric cancer: support the Affordable Care Act
you know what else fights against pediatric cancer? the affordable care act!
If you cut the #Medicaid expansion here in #Pennsylvania will have more sick children, #Veterans and families.
.@SenToomey - Bad photo opp Sen. Toomey, after voting to take away #ACA. More cancer. more death. We want you to do better job for us.
once you drop everyone's healthcare, these children won't have care anymore! Where is your heart?! Clearly you never faced that!
I know u like this organization, their work will be even more vital after u repeal the #ACA and cut research $$$.
did you tell the kids and families you are cutting their health insurance?
How many children will die because you are axing CHIP and coverage for pre-existing conditions, Senator?
why attend?  U r proud to sentence 26,000 people to death when u repeal ACA without a BETTER  replacement.
@SenToomey Hypocritical. You just started the process to take away healthcare from children who are poor or have preexisting conditions.
Pediatric cancer = uninsurable without the pre-existing condition protection ACA provides. Put your vote where your mouth is, @SenToomey.
.@AlexsLemonade does a terrific job in the fight against pediatric cancer. Kris & I were honored to join them last night at the Lemon Ball. 
.@SenToomey to those relying on ACA to survive: "when life gives you lemons...you just die bc you probably have no health care coverage."
So, what are you going to do about the ACA? Stand with your GOP over the good of the ppl?
too bad your votes to repeal ACA and gut CHIP will kill children. No lemonade from those lemons. #lasttermsenator
You must be joking. Is this your "replace" plan?? Save the ACA.
dude, you just voted to kill the #Obamacare. You are a hypocrite.
I guess with a child looking on groping is not allowed.
people need their health care, not photo opportunities
What kids with cancer need is affordable insurance to cover the cost of treatment. They have it under ACA, u want to take it away
to bad you voted to end the CHIPS program. Shame on you.
hope the replacement plan the GOP has had 6 yrs to create wont consider cancer pre-existing condition
Then do Not repeal the ACA until there is a replacement.
.@SenToomey holy shit is this a joke?! You know what else could help them? If you didn't take away their health insurance.
you know what else fights cancer? The Affordable Care Act, you doofus!
Yeah? I suppose fight against cancer will be even tougher for poor people without insurance now. Great work.
did you vote to take healthcare away from children & their families
But Toomey claims ACA affects Toomey's family according to his Philly phone guy ?????????
Pediatric cancer is considered by health insurers to be a pre-existing condition. Please help us to #SaveACA!
.@SenToomey And after you vote to repeal the ACA, do you think there will be enough lemonade to save children from cancer?
Support Healthcare-- #SaveACA
You have time for dancing but not for your constituents?  Sen. Toomey, where are your heart and your conscience?  Kids need ACA.
Did you brag about taking healthcare away from children? 20- million Americans! Are you proud of that Senator?
Repealing ACA will do harm to patients with or soon to be diagnosed with cancer - including children
Is this the "replace" part of "repeal and replace"?
Sad that Sen. Toomey's goal seems to be to deny millions of families and children access to  affordable healthcare
right after voting to repeal ACA.  How many of these children will loose healthcare.
that's good because you don't.
Cute ... now let us know how you intend to protect the health of ALL your constituents' children.
you know what else would fight against pediatric cancer? Not taking health insurance away from thousands of Pennsylvanians
Somebody has toDo it. GOP HAS TAKEN OBAMACARE AKA AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AWAY FROM THE AMERICANS YES CHILDREN TOO!
