Too bad once they become veterans, the congress treats them like chattel.
You no longer rep the people if PA! RESIGN NOW! #TimeToResignToomey
I was there. I laughed at your hairline behind your back.
Don't commit political suicide and side with Trumpcare! It's a tax cut for the rich bottom line! Your Op Ed piece was lies and BS!
That's very nice. Would it also be an honor to meet with the tax payers and voters of PA sometime? @mcall @phillydotcom @nytimes @sencasey
That's nice. But also you should vote against the GOP healthcare bill.
@SenBobCasey just hosted a town hall. Where is yours?
@SenToomey, when is you next town hall in the western part of the state? You are supposed to represent us also.
He hasn't been on the Eastern end either
Senator toomey is not standing with PA he is standing will millionaires and Trump please remember the next time you cast your votes.
Makes sure you protect their friends & family with healthcare! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Amazes me that people just follow Twitter to make derogatory comments. Unhappy, be part of the solution. Elsewise you are wasting YOUR time.
Toomey is a yes no matter what. Tweets, calls, protests, sad stories, insults, facts, and dead people are annoying but..he's a YES, move on
You sure spend a lot of time in front of a camera wit ppl for good PR. How bout a real town hall with PA-ians about your #wealthcare bill??
Sham on you crooked, see u next election u putin's puppet!
And your direct involvement in crafting #Trumpcare is dishonorable. #NoTrumpcare #TrumpCareKills
Well said. He does not represent people of Pennsylvania.
You have backed Orange Hitler's agenda since pre-election. You are in for a while but we're patient.  You're done.
watch some of the millions who will die, die, due to ur secret health care bill I think u might like that better cause u must b evil
So you can send them to war for profit and deny them healthcare when they come home? You're a murderer and a monster.
Trump Care is huge tax cut for the rich, while killing the poor.  Tell us, why do the rich need a tax cut?
Senator Pat Toomey has decided to LIE to the people of Pennsylvania.
And over 80000 vets in PA will lose coveragehow do u sleep at night? U never ansr SO just keep flwing can't wait 4 next election.UwillBout!
Cowardly POS.
Why soyou can teach them how to screw over 23+ million people you do know pa has one of if not the largest senior population in America wtf
You say people are dissatisfied with #Obamacare, but how many calls are you getting against #AHCA?  Seems like you should vote against it.
They just let the voicemails go full so we cannot get through.
I called your office, no answer. I left  a message to say no to the bill on Health C. you helped write. Again, NO. Your career hangs on it.

MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
Cummings: "A politician is an arse upon which everyone has sat except a man." You are the perfect illustration.
Will you propose additional spending to take care of them when they return?

This x1000. The marketplace that BCRA sets up seems completely unsustainable. https://twitter.com/RodneyMLS/status/877964403785609216 …
Pat Toomey, you do realize that if your bill passes you will be paving the way for your name to live on in ignominy for posterity. Right?
I commend you for that.  Now would you like to address your constituents regarding Healthcare ?
Still not talking about health care??? We all know your voting for the rich man game.  Just be the weasel that you are and tell your voters.
What, not a word re Trumpcare you worked on? We're not ostriches. We see you.
DO YOUR JOB!!!!!
Shame on you do not vote for the healthcare bill
Your healthcare bill will destroy access to healthcare for my family who are over 50 years old. Can't afford 5x higher premiums. Pls vote no
Help them get healthcare after their service, you gorgon
I sure hope none of them need essential health benefits or worse-have a pre-existing condition.  #shamelessselfpromotion
YOU ARE BAD FOR PA
How many of them will die under your "healthcare" bill?
If it gets through and he kills people, he should be held accountable. Those are crimes.
Stop this crap ! You don't care about anyone except yourself!
One of SECRET13 who is rich white guy taking benefits from disabled, children, women. Trump lapdog
Can you state for the record that Pennsylvanians will not lose coverage of their healthcare?  Please answer.
YOU can't hide. If passed, Trumpcare will result in millions becoming sicker, millions of premature deaths, & millions living in misery
Do you tell each one of them to not get hurt because they'll get screwed with healthcare?
This new healthcare bill will be devastating for Pennsylvania. You represent the Koch brothers more than your constituents.
With all due respect; you are a disgrace! Work on an effective healthcare plan not this Trumpcare disaster.
Trumpcare bill cuts aid and gives tax breaks to the rich. VOTE NO!
Wishing success for all these fine young men and women.
Yet you won't meet your constituents!
It would also be an honor for you to meet with your constituents. You make time for what you want to do. Make time for us!
Don't ask those hard questions:
Why don't we have a strategy for Afghanistan? What are more troops going to do?
You=never served in uniform.
Vote No on GOP Healthcare bill. That would truly honor them!
Hell, he helped write it.
As long as they don't get a chronic pre-existing condition not linked to a service disability, right? #wealthcare author Pat Toomey.
Stop pretending you care about anyone other than yourself and your cronies. Shameful of you to use them in your photo-op
Center for American Progress says your new healthcare bill will result in 10,800 PA Vets losing their Medicaid. Care to comment?
And yet, you don't have the guts to look them in the eye and say how their families will be hurt by your AHCA bill.
"Screw your service, if ur too poor to afford healthcare that's ur own fault" prob wouldnt go over too well, right @SenToomey?
It's not just "screw your service." It's let me make the world even more dangerous for you to go out and serve in it.
How many veterans rely on Medicaid in Pa ?
The utter incompetence of this administration on national security, and your rubberstamping of it, will ensure their lives are lost in vain.
Exactly 15000 Airforce men and women in Qatar while trump talks trash on them 
Town hall? Wondering what your goals are regarding Trumpcare? Feeling like you may be representing insurance co's instead of constituents.
Meeting constituents.. ? Not so much? #TownHall #AHCA @POTUS patsy !
How about meeting with your constituents face to face and telling us how much money you were paid to take away our healthcare? #AHCAKills
Our service men & women are the only constituents you will grace with your presence. Please note a large number will suffer under Trumpcare.
Will they & their families have healthcare under your killer new GOP bill? Kicking them off too? You just pretend to care. #VoteNoAHCA
Think how they're feeling inside knowing you're endangering their family members with age, illness, disabilities. #NoTrumpcare #SHAME
It's a shame you will only care about them if they are white and wealthy in a few years.
Your phones are always busy with constituents telling you to vote NO. When are you going to start listening to the public?
He's not going to run for another term, he doesn't care about us, just padding is bank account for retirement
you sir are despicable!! Despicable!! @YouTube
