Very weak statement. I wish Republicans had to personally look Dreamers in the eyes and tell them these ludicrous statements
When you have no soul ... you see past the eyes, the tears, the fears.. now color -- he can sure see that!
Your statement is sickening, as usual. President Obama's executive order was made because GOP refused to step up when the offer was made.
SO MANY PEOPLE DON'T KNOW THE LAW:  we're a NATION OF LAWS, IN 2011 Obama admitted DACA was unconstitutional 
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/905155070681120768 …
How restrictive would the legislation you would sign look like? Anything less than 100% entry of daca is unacceptable. #kochheartless
It was not Obama failure to get immigration reformed that was the Bull headed Republicans committed to obstruction!!!! Amnesia
Obama was really good at giving away cash so good we had to print more money  now my grandkids will be paying it back !!!
Don't pretend you care about your grandkids. If you did you would worry way more about the world in total than $$$
It's people like you that keep the laws of the land and twist them like you want
There is the law, then the interpretation and how it is applied, then consequences, then test. Not my rules. #dreamon
#eatadick
Nasty coward
Human beings are not bargaining chips. Protect the Dreamers!
Okay.. Here is a riddle, how do you deport kids who have no papers to let them BACK (so you say) into the country you THINK they originated?
Demorats in a panic that Trump is actually forcing the Congress to include the do nothing Dems to legislate immigration reform.  Love it
Heartless and thoughtless, as always.
Aaaaaand...we'll be voting you out next time you run.
I agree Patricia. What happened last time how in the hell did he win and why?
Gerrymandering.
NO. that is how John Lewis keeps getting elected.   IN 2011 Obama admitted DACA was unconstitutional.  
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/905155070681120768 …
@POTUS44 wrote the executive order because #Congress @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan didn't do their jobs. You kicked the can down the road.
Are you going to do something this time?
I am pretty sure both Donald Trump and North Korea is a much bigger threats to the United States than DACA ever could be.
Do you read these comments?  Why bother posting anything?  You distort the truth. We know it. You know it.  Fired in 2022
MORE excuses for your biz buddies, you've had 20-30YEARS to JAIL"Illegal Employers".  The days of blamin the lil ppl & the black guy R over

Days left until Paddy needs to find a new job. Possibly cleaning up trumps BS for minimum wage.
please listen to your constituents lol
your job is to represent us not yourself haha
I'd love to know your approval rating -- it can't be good.
How is striking soul-shaking fear into 800,000 upstanding people and the millions who love, support, and rely upon them "the right step"?
I promise you, I will work to ensure you aren't reelected. You do not represent me at all. #boybye
Remind us again where you got your law degree, because I'm pretty sure Obama got his at Harvard
Obama's DACA plan was implemented so Congress (that means you) could pass legislation to help. But you refused because Obama signed DACA
You're a terrible person if you think you're going to leverage Dreamers to promote your anti-immigrant agenda.
I would rather be a little nobody, then to be an evil somebody.  Lincoln. Your DACA response = evil somebody. #Dreamers #DACAprotest
So you think Congress will fix the immigration system in the next 6 months? How'd the 7 years to fix health care work out? #SaveDACA

if i submitted this response in one of my grad classes my prof would give me an incomplete. see you in 2022
Amen!
@SenToomey has critics arrested at Town Hall meetings. You are a disgrace, Sir. Term Limits Now!
"has your daughter Bridget been kidnapped?" U cut the guys mic before he finished. Parents will lose their kids if DACA is taken
In other words, you didn't do anything wrong kids, but a brown person I don't like likes you so now you've gotta go.
Toomey=dick
So wrong.
What are you actually doing to support DACA? We need legislation to protect them now.
Drain the Swamp - includes DACA - unlawful 4th branch of fed & is unconstitutional; all fees should go to the US Depart Treasury - not DACA
Obama didn't have authority for DACA but Trump had the authority for a Muslim Ban.  Riiiiiiiiiight
DACA isn't amnesty dude...
Food Stamps*
Parent broke the law enjoyed all the benefits for Legal residents and Americans earned.  Immigration system is not broken its not enforced
In other words the dreamers are pawns for you immigration agenda.  Shame!
Why would you stop sanctuary cities. Until the root causes of global immigration are not tackled, we must have sanctuary cities! PHI is 1!
Ask Trump why undocumented workers helped build the D.C. trump hotel!  Hypocrisy!
Why is it so hard for people to understand that DACA is not constitutional
hell yes!!  It's not rocket science!
https://youtu.be/jGsMMkD9650   American Children who are "detained" in Israel and tortured , drugged and raped
Forgive all the Trump corruption & obstruction of justice, but be sure to hurt Hispanic kids who did nothing wrong? Nice, Senator. Nice.
#DACA ARE Americans.
As the head of the exec branch, why didn't obama have authority to decide how laws are enforced?  But let me guess, the #muslimban is fine?
Bc he's not head of legislative branch. Also law already exists giving POTUS authority over who comes in, so yes, travel ban is legal 
Authority over who comes in logically also includes authority over who goes out as well, though, doesn't it?
Since when does law follow logic? Read the statutes
Again, it is not a law. It was an executive order instructing authorities how to enforce immigration.
We are way too far apart to have a productive conversation here. Thank you for your service though. Have a good one 
Then how do you ever expect us to move closer together?
Dangerous sanctuary cities..... you lost me there. All people deserve legal protections regardless of status. Your small Vision asks 1/2
PASS THE DREAM ACT
Totally spineless. I expected nothing and got less. We need a senator who's more than @realDonaldTrump lackey.
We need to vote him OUT!!!
You all need to read a Civics book and stop being so emotional.
Expect my Reps to act as a branch equal to Exec, make/support policies best for country (not party) & check/balance us out of this nightmare
What are concrete suggestions that you will follow-up on regarding #DACA? If you've answered elsewhere, would be happy to read.
Can't wait to vote you out.
"Congress needs to pass legis to accom these young ppl".  Yes, please!  But don't wrap it w/ politics of sanctuary cities & border security.
So now you're having people who ask you a question ARRESTED?  #SaveDACA #Dreamers
Blah Blah Blah.Do something. you make a statement that defends the Dreamers but, you will fall in line with Trump.as always.Sad, just sad
Thank you sir you talk for this pa family
Poor little snowflake can't even handle a question #PatToomey
You do realize how many tax paying hard working people this includes? What will you do with the loss of tax $$? It's the wrong thing to do.
Obama took action with DACA bc GOP Congress was inept and failed to do anything on immigration. Executive Orders are not unconstitutional.
Be part of the solution. You have 6 months to show us that Congress can come up with a law that would protect these of hardworking people.
I would respond to your mindless party drivel Senator Toomey, but I fear getting arrested.
Did you hear what Democrat Governor Wolf did? Someone who cares about kids.
Gutless! You'll do whatever your lord and master,  Trump, wants you to do. Quit!
You are imposing the simultaneous constraint.  It is NOT necessary, DACA was working fine until yesterday. STOP lying.
How long you've been inoffice do some  work
45's actions are obscene and your support of them is mortifying
Enjoy your last term in office, there will be no re-election for you
Are you just naturally stupid or do you have to work at it?????
You are a weakling in that you have not let your voice be heard when Obama was asking for immigration reform and you did nothing. #Weakling
You have no soul. Obama did not have legal authority but your POTUS fires off EOs like a machine gun and you say nothing? Go away.
Using innocent (productive, taxpaying) young people as a bargaining chit to advance your right wing agenda is just cruel! #WWJD? #Catholic
Proud to live in a so-called sanctuary city. We are not called to safety; we are called to serve the poor & welcome the stranger. Matt 25:40
Not everything that is legal is Biblical and vice versa. He's a politician, so he's making a factual statement about legality.

I just think your appeal is better suited to a different audience. Don't try to sell politicians using scripture. Pearls and swine.
I am embarrassed that you are my Senator @SenToomey .  When are you going to grow a spine and get your nose out of 45's nether parts? #DACA
still a lying sack of poo.  #onthetaketoomey
DACA recipients ineligible for:

- Medicaid
- Food Stamps
- Social Security
- Welfare
- Section 8
- ACA

Yet they pay into all of them.
When will you man up and meet with people in groups larger then 50 and in places your not popular?  LIKE THE LARGEST cities in the state
you are as cruel and spineless as the president you blindly support. You are also a coward who refuses to meet ur constituents NO SURPRISE
Do your job then!
GOD BLESS YOU for taking a stand for  PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP  in terms for EVERYONE TO UNDERSTAND . Let's LEGALIZE IT & DO IT
Please support the Durbin-Graham DREAM Act (S. 1615) https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1615 …
What is the reference to 6 months?
You and the rest of the R congress are responsible for the obstruction during Obamas term. Do your job now.
Solution must include wall, immigration reform,  remove visa overstays, E verify, RAISE. Depart all with fake SSI or criminal records.
Are you willing to vote on a bill thst will give them citizenship? Are you ready to be responsible and stop the blaming game?
Here is the story of a child brought here legally, is legally adopted by US citizens, #DACA allows him to work.
They deserve citizenship. They did all the administration asked for. They are positively contributing to our society. They are Americans.
And the abuse of birthright citizenship.  Not enough people talking about that.
Way to post 2 paragraphs without saying anything other than "Obama bad, republicans fix".  Put on your big boy panties and take a stance.
Weak.
You sir are compassionless and deplorable. I will celebrate the day good people remove you from office! #firetoomey
Yes because Americans are chomping at the bit to work hard on our farms!   Get a grip
Will be watching your actions closely since you haven't come out against Trump's wildly racist actions and comments in the past.  Stand up!
I don't think reform is necessary. Enforce the laws on the books rather than the endless back and forth rancor.
trump isn't worried about the law..it has Obama's name linked to it & he has such hatred for him.Sadly, he would sacrifice humans....EVIL!
2/2 Then come to the table with a legit reform bill.  You don't put the lives of 800,000 ppl on the edge. This PA citizen STANDS W/ DACA!
I am sick of the GOP blaming everyone else for their failures!   I am changing my party
1/2 And who do you descend from @SenToomey?  White as the driven snow tells me, your family's descent doesn't originate in America.
One of the reasons Obama had to use an executive order to create DACA is because Congress would not act.  It's squarely on you.
Why didn't the Republicans do something? Again, just keep running for reelection!
AND we will be voting
You are right on one point, DACA needs protected at a legislative level. You are a Senator. DO something. Talk is cheap. We'll be watching.
The Obama order, as I understand it, was proven lawful multiple times & was in response to congressional refusal to act to protect dreamers
how about we simplify the immigration process so families don't feel the need to circumvent the process! Let's see some action!
BC you (royal for the GOP) wouldn't work with him. Pass a bill with @SenBobCasey @RepBrendanBoyle to at least protect military DACA vets
Why? We functioned for 234 years without DACA...
Pass the legislation FIRST, then rescind the order. You fool.
Spineless lackey yes man Toomey, checking in. You are just awful on all fronts.
Please resign.
DEPORT ALL ILLEGAL ALIENS and ANCHOR BABIES.  They broke the law when they become aware of their crime.
It was the republicans senator failure to pass immigration reform stop blaming president Obama for doing you job
Ugh. Why do I bother reading Toomey's statements.
Please encourage @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP to help DACA members w/o attaching anything extraneous like building a wall that Mexico won't pay 4.
@BarackObama created DACA because congress was unable to act even when given several chances.  How will things be different this time?
You are a ridiculous nightmare.
You suck
Now that we know what you think, please tell us what you'll do. Actions, not words. 18974
Despicable

Boston, New York, Philadelphia, are "dangerous" cities that you need to protect us from? Really?
Of course you support this decision @SenToomey! Where is your plan to help Dreamers?! You don't have one cuz you don't care!!!
Agreed. Obama abused the law and having congress and promised to pass inmigration law in the first 100 days and saying 21 times he can't
So put your money where your mouth is, sir. Don't hid behind the procedural argument. Stand up for all DACA participants. #DefendDACA
I thought DACA was needed to address Congress' inability to get their shit together on immigration reform. No? Why would they do so now?
Once again Pat you have it wrong.  Come election time we will remember your constant siding with Trump and not doing what's best for America
As I recall gop had great difficulty doing anything legislatively w our Africa American president. Do NOTHING was ignorant gop battle call
Why dont our government explain to us why the dreamers had a 91% employment? How did they get their educations? Americans are cheated!
gop wouldn't /couldn't /can't /will never come up with reasonable policy so Pres Obama took action. gop could only say: send everyone back
Where is your bill to resolve the DACA crisis?
Plus he wants money for that wall   when will you meet your constituents and explain your views in person?
Pat Toomey is a better dancer than Fred Astaire.
Holding kids hostage is cruel.  Speak up against Trump you spineless man.  I will drive to PA to get you voted out!!!
If only you knew someone in Congress who could pass legislation to support these young people... You are truly the worst.
You must enjoy finding solutions to where there are no problems.
It's weird how you see these things as related.
I am BEGGING you (congress) to stop being dysfunctional and get it DONE! I have NEVER seen such an abject failures as our House and senate
Good statement Pat as Daca was unconstitutional. Presidents don't make laws you do. I'll reserve my judgment on congress's new, fair bill.
You are litterally a terrible person, and everything you back is abhorrent and immoral. Good job.

If it was illegal why didn't you take action when it was enacted you sorry sack of feces.
You've turned out to be such a disappointment
They can do amnesty for illegals in record time. Pretty obvious who these clowns are working for, and it ain't the citizens of this country
No tax cuts for citizens no tax, simplification for citizens, no Obamacare repeal for citizens, no spending cuts for citizens.
Stop militarizing the police. Stop trying to federalize local & state police. Stop abusive ICE agents and practices. #toomeysucks
Last I checked, SCOTUS decides what legal authority President has, not Congress, not the next POTUS. #toomeysucks
The only accommodation they need is a seat next to their parents on the deportation bus.
What is so hard to understand you cannot come into this country illegally?
I hope there is a vote on legislature to support Dreamers. Maybe tackle infrastructure next and get something else done.
Crack down on companies and make dreamers right.  This will fix things. No hiring,  no issue "follow the money"   #StopSanctuaryCompanies
Just more double speak
Dreamers are not eligible for Welfare or Medicaid. Plus they pay taxes unlike a large amount of white southern welfare Trumpbots.
So you're backing Trump....again? I wish you were up for reelection
Than why didn't you do that years ago?!
THANK YOU SENATOR. to me is the best way to handle the situation is by Congress. I have thousands of DACA friends.
I don't know how you sleep at night. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
Let them stay but no right to vote!
Will you support a bill that deals directly and only with #DACA? Or will you only support a bill that benefits #DACA & the border wall...
Therefore using the dreamers as pawns and showing the world how un compassionate we have become under this administration
That would be great if only Congress could legislate its way out of a paper bag. 44 created DACA after u guys originally failed...
Good Job Senator!  These Leftist weasels are DESPERATE to create LIB votes, it is all they got, sad little creatures...lol
Well, get to work. These kids need your help. Pass the law, keep them here.
Cruel and heartless
hey, have u considered having a soul?
A disgrace that the lives of these children will be used as political pawns to further the failed immigration policy of this president!
#heartless #cruel #wrong #UnAmerican
Obama's DACA was not unconstitutional so stop parroting what you hear. Come up with a plan to keep dreamers here. Stop disappointing PA.
You were in office in 2011. If you thought there was a better solution, why didn't you fight for it then?
This statement is sheeple dung. Anyone that voted for you should be ashamed of themselves. You are an embarrassment to decent Pennsylvanians
Really, why didn't you step up and write legislation to make DACA a law? Write one now and show you care. Actions not Words count
The president just tweeted that if Congress can't agree to something, he will handle it. So you stop standing with him now. He was wrong.
This is about as clear a statement can be made in regards to #DACA.
Common sense that liberals will once again balk at.
SENATOR TOOMEY, it's time American Citizens are first in Line not third, it time our Vets are First before illegals and refugees.
Shame on you for hiding behind procedue. This is wrong and you know it. 
  19003!!!
You had many many years to pass legislation on this. You did NOTHING. Now we harm innocent  youth & lose billions of dollars for America.
Exactly the kind of heartless response I've come to expect from you.
I hope we can see you lead on legislation to protect those current protected by DACA. #PAvoter
Senator Toomey,  True, Congress should have acted. Also true: Congress ran from their responsibility on this and other matters like  AUMF.
we're a NATION OF LAWS, IN 2011 Obama admitted DACA was unconstitutional. BO cries when Trump ends DACA
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/905155070681120768 …
@POTUS44 had every authority to protect those children. Stop lying.
So you will be doing the absolute wrong thing &/or nothing. Again.
Because Congress refused to act, you waste product.
The reason nobody likes our government is because you can't fix one issue without lumping a bunch of crap into bills.
You are doing the right thing. Americans are tired of being third fiddle to DACA, they get places @ Universities while our kids are left out
"However" @SenToomey u shld stand up to your president and defend #DACA  bc as you just stated it's right to protect kids. You are 100% Wimp
Please persuade your fellow Republicans to do the right thing.
Stop with the border bullshit. Just stop and helo these kids. Period. We don't need to make it like a hostage situation.
@LeonKrauze  hay te hablan 
fact !!!!
Stop drinking the kool-aid and see these people add to the country.
Do your job and figure out a way to make this work instead of #scapegoating.  You are the danger to us. #DACA
Disgusting. I wish we could deport useless, festering senators like you. #votehimout
Gutless weasel...  resign now, do PA a huge favor
"Dangerous sanctuary" my eye. You'd make local cops function like border patrol, something they're neither trained nor have capacity for.
Thank you for representing those of us who agree with you even through all of this hate.
Then act accordingly and do what is necessary to ensure that #DACA children are protected and given every opportunity to become citizens
Take DACA and incorporate it into a law.  Then improve it...but don't just undo an Obama act because the bloated orange one says so.
Send them home to apply their free college degrees to better their country. I'm done paying for illegals 
You embarrass all Pennsylvanians. Instead of supporting the energy & intelligence of #Dreamers, you side w Trumpublican idiocy
#growaspine
You held out endorsing tRump until the last millisecond because YOU KNEW he was wrong for the job...so get a spine and stand up to him.
@greggutfeld Not at Fault argument, though noble, is weak. Ultimate statement is How many of ours will drown saving theirs?
