Stop trumpcare
Bull shit Toomey advances Propaganda to further personally profit off trickle down economics that 
Does. Not.  Work.
They are going to need those higher wages just to pay for the garbage healthcare you are putting in to effect.
Sure it's great if you make a few extra thousand a year but when your healthcare rises faster than your wages it is still net zero.
how'd that work during the Bush administration?
I seriously almost hate you
-Great, couple trickle-down guys talking to each other, how enlightening - except it hasn't worked, EVER
Tax reform = trickle down economics = proven failure
Your tax reform only really lowers taxes for the wealthiest. We always make up the difference, whether at federal, state or local level.
And a healthcare bill that is totally partisan and convened in secret! Nice job Pat!
You're really sealing your bonds with the wealthiest and powerful for-profit insurance providers.

Except we've been living through forty years of that nonsense, and it's every bit the same #VoodooEconomics it's always been
You want to #MAGA? Raise taxes on the wealthy, support #UNIONS,  pass #MedicareForAll, invest in infrastructure & the environment. #Truth
How does that work when only the richest get the tax breaks?
You are w/o a doubt the worst Senator we have ever had in PA. Your all about yourself and ur rich friends.

It's actually worse that you're pushing this, given all the concrete evidence that it doesn't work. #BringBackEisenhowerTaxRates
Pat, trickle-down economics is a disaster. Haven't you been paying any attention, or just doing what your corporate masters order?
What's up with healthcare bill. No info so far. Not good
Your bad choices make sure that Bannon reaches his goal of deconstructing the US gov't. Are you blind???
1) review 50 yrs of growth charts
2) find best period of growth
3) reinstate those tax rates
#seetheTAwithanyquestions
I agree tax reform is needed but let's not try the same failed reform tried in Kansas and trickle down economics that destroyed middle class
If you really want these things, push for an increase in funding for primary research, job training, education, and medical care
Reverse-Trump Tax Policies Lead To Economic Boom in Sweden
Like in Iowa? That went really well for them, didn't it?
Bullshit.
It. Does. Not. Work.
When will this magic take place ?
Lots of promises , promises don't put food on the table
Your both, Toomey and Mnuchin, only care about the  MONEY NOT THE PEOPLE! RESIST!!!
You are in favor of kicking grannys out of their nursing homes that are paid for by Medicaid? Most elderly in these homes need Medicaid!
Trump budget replicates disastrous Kansas approach. This won’t end well.
Customers create jobs and economic growth. Higher wages create customers. #Unions create higher wages.
Funny, they just RAISED taxes in deep red Kansas cos' that trickle down $&%@ wasn't working.
except wages will not grow because this is just a tax cut for the rich.
No this is a scheme to give tax cuts to the wealthiest people. Trickle down is a lie! Why are you always on the wrong side of every issue?
Trickle-down economics has never worked. People are catching on that it's only a way to redistribute wealth upward. We are watching. #resist
We'd love to have a town hall with you on your issues as well as ours here in Philadelphia! We'll bring the sandwiches!

You are delusional. The only ones with more money will be CEOs
As opposed to the tax and spend policy of the Dems!
Giving the rich more $ doesn't help the middle and lower income families. Do what's right for your constituents, not your rich donors.
You are a liar sir! This is a tax break that runs up the deficit! We did this in the Regan era! Trickle down doesn't work!
Try giving tax break to middle class &raising the minimum wage !think about that.
Problem is... the fact: top 1% won't part with a nickel. This is not how you solve income inequality. Trickle down economics has been tried
By government assistance do mean health care?!
We know without a doubt you are working to line your own pockets, and align yourself with your party, to gain favor for future endeavors.
How's that Trumpcare coming?? How about taking care of the majority of the country not the wealthiest. Why are u not in public at all???
Munchin, the same guy who gave a sly nod to taking away social security.  Not really a stand up character.
Never in the last 40 years have tax cuts for the rich realized the gains promised by those who benefit from them.
It should be illegal for you to lie to the public like you do.
Mnuchin should be serving time for fraudulently foreclosing on struggling families using false documents. #chainoftitle
Show me the data. It didn't work with Reagan, it sure as hell won't work with Trump.
Why don't you tell your constituents about your backroom dirty dealings on Senate healthcare bill ?  You know ?  Constituents.
Interesting that you think that. That budget reform bill is a travesty and does not meet needs of PA. Represent us or step down!
Everyone knows trickle down doesnt6 work. All this "reform" does is give a break to your biggest donors.
You're forgetting one thing. You work for the people. We don't work for you and we do not forget
taking from the poor and middle class to give to the rich is pro-growth? show me where this has EVER worked.
You are unbelievably tone deaf. Wow. I'm a PA voter and will see you defeated.
Raising minimum wage to a livable wage would get a lot of hardworking folks off govt assistance.  Don't you see that. Do the math.
What about your SECRET, male only committee rewriting the health insurance bill that will cause so many people hardship. Comments?
Higher wages? yeah, for executives
Maybe in your coco you can explain how you can fundamentally misunderstand the debt ceiling & call yourself a fiscal conservative. #dumb
You failed to say that the big winners will be the rich, the very rich.
You do know that nobody in pa trusts you, dont you?
Yeah! @SenToomey #TaxReform = more low income jobs, lower wages + more corporations w/ govt assistance & tax breaks. Watch him sell u 
Did the GOP learn NOTHING from Sam Brownback in Kansas? Now you're going to kill the national economy? You think rich people need a hand?!
Please protect the #ACA and protect sick #Pennsylvanians like my mother who is a cancer survivor and needs her healthcare
rubberstamp for Wall Street.

It was painful to watch. Who would think in 2017 we'd still be talking about voodoo economics?
In the absence of a living wage & equal pay, pro-growth/tax reform rings hollow. Nothing to see here, folks!
Stop it. Trickle down does not work. It'll just mean higher bonuses for the CEOs. Let's have a town hall and discuss #impeachtrumpnow
Pro growth tax reform would be to increase tax rate on .01% and corps. Tax breaks for them = death spiral.
Where's that healthcare bill you allegedly are working on? I would like to read it before giving you my feedback? No vote w/o regular order!
#Liars .. lie. #TaxReform #ACHA .. why they can't hold #TownHall 's
Pro growth for the wealthy u mean! How much money will u get passing this budget? Do ur job and help all citizens not just the wealthy
@SenToomey before you vote on tax reform read up on KS vs MN. KS is broke under GOP tax reform while MN out paces most. MN Dem Gov
No thank you. It is too close to dinner.turns my stomach to see billionaires get a big tax breaks.
More money for the wealthy & you're taking away Healthcare for millions. You must be so proud of yoursellf. Hold a town hall. Stop hiding.
Go get em Pat!
Senator, we would like to see what's in the new healthcare bill.  We would like to have open debate. We would like your attention please. TY
Senator, I can't seem to get answers from staff. Will there be hearings on #AHCA ? Can we see the draft?  Input from Dems& Independents?
"Our friends at CBO." Okay, Senator. Show them your version of #AHCA so we know what it'll cost.
What a load of manure. Leading questions, fudgy statistics.
We tried trickle down economics before. It was a verifiable failure.
Yes Reaganomics is a proven failure
Trickle down economics has been debunked! Stop veiling what is giving to the rich to take from the poor!
Depends where you are on the Laffer curve, Senator. Are you gonna gamble millions of people's healthcare on that?
Cut taxes for/Middle Class! We'll save & spend and enrich America in the process! The 1% will hide their tax savings overseas!
cutting taxes on the rich or not?
Pro growth is a euphemism for trickle down, a 'bankrupt' economic theory.  Let's have a live town hall to discuss.
funny, you'll tape videos, but are no where 2B found when it comes 2 townhalls or public hearings.  That needs to change, please.
He's scared that's why.
of course he is, because there's a lot to be ashamed of right now...
Yes, your party of rich leeches feed off of the middle class and poor. Tax cuts for the rich, is your m.o. You will reap what u sow. Karma
Go check out why Kansas GOP just increased state tax after 6 years of cutting BILLIONS.  #TrickleDown doesn't work!  Fund the Middle Class!
Senator Toomey, thank you for working for higher wages. Please work toward a federal minimum wage increase.
Can you please explain why Kansas had to roll back tax cuts because they did they did not promote growth?
More money for the wealthy does not improve lives of low income Americans. Comprehensive affordable healthcare for all will. Save & fix ACA!
I'd rather see the healthcare bill you and your pals are hiding from the American people, Pat.
Same garbage supply-side economics that's failed over and over and over again.
Your version of tax reform means more money for you & the Koch Brothers. And pain & suffering for the rest of us. Hold a townhall already.
You're still peddling this made up nonsense?
Try town halls and public hearings on this topic next.
Especially in Philadelphia
On the backs of the most vulnerable. How did the Kansas experiment go again?
Richer rich people, poorer poor people.
Show us the healthcare bill. #ShowUsTheBill
