is that all they did? Make flags? No. Your record shows 0 votes over the last 6 years for women. Your a waste
Why don't you support women with voting for women's rights and children's right.  Can't wait to defect you in next election.
how can you say such a thing when all you do is vote party lines?
Don't patronize us when you continually vote against women's right to make their own reproductive choices! #TuesdayswithToomey
nothing celebrtates woman like taking away thier healthcare options and assuming control of THEIR bodies ...#Trumpcare
Americans face 30% surcharge in premiums if they have a 2+ month gap in health insurance. #Trumpcare #Ryancare
I know this tweet is a month late, but:
Molly Pitcher & Betsy Ross, to name a couple. #InternationalWomensDay
Your policies don't support women's health, autonomy or equal pay for equal work.
If you care about America, use that Harvard education of yours to figure out that GOP politics are hurting Americans #stoprussia
celebrates women's work so much, he voted against the Pay Fairness Act FIVE times. #equalpayday is Apr 12 #iwantmy$420,000
They "lose"??... Hilarious.
When you know nothing, say nothing.
Pretty much seems to be what you just did
If you care about women, then stop voting to block repairs to sadly outdated PA railway infrastructure, that endangers our lives
You can say you celebrate women, but your voting record is rated 0% by NARAL, 13% by ACLU, 17% by NEA, 0% by LCV #iow #youaliar
$337 Billion is a super generous gift from 25 million Americans who "Give Up" health insurance. #Ryancare #Trumpcare
Kicking 24 million off health care will give the rich lots of $$$. Those kicked off give $337 Billion goes to military and rich.
for some reason I feel like #cashmeoutside hashtag would have played well here too
Respect women? Then respect we have eyes that see that you have taken over $56M in campaign donations & are 1/2 a M in debt...
If you care about PA women, start listening to them & meeting with them & stop hiding in your ivory castle, princess...
If you think this, vote no on AHCA, which will cause many older women to pay 40% of income for health insurance. It's a bad law!
So many feminist trolls, whining about their fabled "loss of health care" and "loss of women's rights". 
But we are going to take away their healthcare; mandatory  breast cancer screenings & contraceptives.
Don't take us back to Making America Great like you forgot about.
For 2nd half of Mar, let's also celebrate lives & work of great 21st C women! #WomensHistoryMonth #Resist #WomensRights
So if you really care about woman youll say no to cuts to Planned Parenthood. Correct?
If Republicans are against women's health care, why aren't they shutting down OB/GYN centers? 
Then why don't you support our freedoms and planned parenthood! You are a liar!!!!!
If you care about women, stop voting against National Cancer Institute programs & protect PA envrmt from cancer causing pollution
Ladies and gentlemen, children of all ages: It's time for the Whiny Feminist Circus! Brought to you by @PPFA Planned Parenthood. 
Too bad everything we see coming out of DC IS anti women.  Look at POTUS.  Inet
Do you represent PA women? Or these donors? Because you seem to have lots of time and ears for donors but not PA women
What is your take on the looming disaster that is #trumpcare? Have you been told what to think yet?
cares about women so much, he voted to defund Planned Parenthood SEVEN times and advocates punishing docs who perform abortions
#liar #actionsspeaklouderthanwords
yeah, so now don't kill the poor with the repub poor excuse of a health care bill. from a registered Pa. Voter
u don't even believe in pro choice. U r pro birth. Keep government out of women's personal decisions.
so now you celebrate them by taking away their health care and right to choose?  Hypocrite.
I am asking you to not vote for ACA repeal until a way to keep Medicaid expansion is resolved. Thank you
GOP celebrating women? Incredible the things you can say with a straight face. Please look in mirror and say that
by taking away ur rights as human beings. How hypocritical can u be.#oldwhitemansclub.u r a dinosaur can't wait for ur extinction
Your constituents demand you tell us how you stand in health care bill! Do your damn job already!
What one does speaks so loudly, one need not listen to what they say!
You are the worst Pa. Senator that I can recall.  You will be out next election.  I will work to make that happen.  Justice!
.....so as the president you support says let's go grab them by the p***y to show our appreciation
Then don't take away our healthcare. Please vote against repealing the ACA. Healthy people = strong communities = strong economy.
Vote No o. Repeal.Why doesn't our country want us to have healthcare?
Until you vote, even once, to protect my right to choose, save it. Actions speak louder than words.
you are a hypocrite. You want to minimize our rights, you support a proven misogynist. You don't care about women!
Here's a great way to celebrate our work: vote for a law that will guarantee that we get equal pay for equal work.
Great! Now stop trying to take away women's healthcare.
@SenBobCasey
If so why don't you listen to the concerns of women by holding Town Hall meetings? Cowardly!
Time for a townhall to explain how the new dismantling of ACA will not celebrate women (or kids, or seniors, or workers)
Your wife and children get to have real #healthcare while people die due to #Trumpcare. #traitor
And then rip their health care away from them.
Support Women's health care. No to #Trumpcare. Yes to ACA. Fix ACA. Support gyno visits. I know Ryan wants to take it away.
who sanitized ur facebook page I didn't swear or threaten but u blocked me .did I hit a nerve..when I called you a goose stepper
really? your voting record certainly shows that you feel otherwise. vote for your constituents, not your party. we elect YOU.
Wikileaks/Russia attacked our American Government-Any thoughts Senator? Any concerns at all?
How about you celebrate us with maternity care coverage?
so that's why you voted for DeVos? And here I thought it was the money that bought your vote. SMH
If you really believe that, uphold the Affordable Care Act. I vote in PA.
care to tell us your stand on health care or have the koch brothers not told you your position yet? #onthetaketoomey
Hey if you met with your constituents, you could even meet some women in person!
You disrespect all women.
is that why you're trying to take away our healthcare?
good job saying you support women when all evidence proves contrary.
No, @SenToomey. You don't get to celebrate women when it's convenient and then work to deny us health coverage, equal pay, and basic rights.
really women sewing? That was the best you could find?
Why did you inactivate the email section of your website? How are your we suppose to ask you @ gov't issues? What ru afraid of?
glad to see you SAY that you recognize the value of women. Now let's see that reflected in your voting; so far not so much!
disrespectful to repost from buzzfeed when you allow trump to ban from press briefings. Hypocrisy.get off trump train
Today he honors you, tomorrow he will try to defund planned parenthood to take away your healthcare.
He thanks u btw. Says if he knew it were that easy to be called Dr, he would have pushed me to finish my degree sooner.
Is that why u erased me from the convo by writing back to my husband and calling him Dr. even tho I'm the 1 w/the Ph.D?
Wow!!!!  
Defunding Planned Parenthood is denying healthcare to low income American's in addition to the Medicaid cuts. Pathetic.
#likeyoucareabout women
As one of your hardworking Pennsylvania women I would love to hear you speak in person, to me. You know like at a Town Hall?
Pat Toomey does not care about PA women -- he wants to destroy their health insurance.  Shame on Pat Toomey
Sen. Toomey wants to destroy healthcare for Pennsylvania's older and poorer citizens.  Shame on Pat Toomey for destroy healthcare
MAARRCOOOO ???
Turn those words into actions. Support women's right to choose and @PPact  #mybodymychoice
thanks- it would be nice if you'd actually listen to us women for once.
blah blah blah Jughead Toomey.Address the issues of Russian involvement in our govt instead of platitudes u don't mean
and then work hard to defund Planned Parenthood
Your actions in the US Senate and any support of this presidents plan wil determine how YOUR support of women REALLY is
But the President and legislation you support show you don't support the women of PA. Actions speak louder than words.
You can't be pro woman And anti abortion, anti contraception, anti health care, separate moms from kids, anti public ed. #sad
what does Toomey care about women? Not their rights, not their health, not a bit #hypocrite
THANK YOU SEN. TOOMEY
BRILLIANT2MENTION THIS ,SUCH  HISTORIC TIMES,,MANY FAIL&SOME DO NOT EVEN KNOW THIS HISTORY NOR RECOGNIZEitsIMPORTANCE
how about protecting a woman's right to make ALL decisions about her health and her body?
Yet you continue to ignore the women (& men) of SEPA! And want to defund #PlannedParenthood which provides invaluable services.
have a town hall meeting and tell us in person
Hi Pat. I've got a huge pile of money hidden in my basement. Hint I put it where the GOP plan was. Pick it up anytime.
Too bad you don't trust us to determine what is good for our health. Defunding planned parenthood and repealing the ACA SHAME
Thank you, Senator Toomey!
looks like this is the ONE day this year you'll care about women's rights.
I'm sure you mean 'women'.
is this an April Fools? Your support of proposed ACA cuts is a slap in face to women! #realpavoter #WheresToomey
honor them by LISTENING to the thousands of women calling you to say they oppose ACA repeal
You know Betsy Ross didn't sew the flag. It's a story her nephew created and spread. Get your history fm Faux News too?
Liar!!!! How did your mother raise you?
If you think so highly of women, then why take away federal $$ for Planned Parenthood?  Hypocrite
If you believe that, why are you against women's rights?
and yet, you won't vote for a single policy that benefits women. It's all about the dollar bills in your pocket.
You voted for the "pussy grabber" guy, Senator. And you want to use gov to control women's bodies. Spare us the BS.
I worked!!!  My boss humiliates me when I don't show up #hellBeingOwnBoss
OPPOSE RyanCare. We insist on a complete repeal of ACA! Waiting 8 yrs for this.
so if women are so valuable why are you trying to screw them over by defunding Planned Parenthood?
You could start by actually listening to your female constituents.
he doesn't listen to any of his constituents!
Just rich ones like DeVos. Oh, wait. DeVos is not a constituent, but counts more than PA people.
Can we take this to mean you'll secure more funding for @PPact and save the #affordablecareact as both benefit women?
Really ? Trumpcare? Oh..MIA as usual. Try standing up for Pa residents. Not Koch Bros .
A picture of a woman sewing? That's the best you could do? (sigh) It's discouraging that's what you chose.
Senator, you are a fraud and a hypocrite! Schedule a town hall to face your constituents.
vote against funding cuts for NOAA, NEH, NSF, SeaGrant and EPA. Let us continue to build great minds and make great discoveries.
.@SenToomey celebrates by taking away reproductive rights, equal pay guarantees and affordable healthcare access!
If you believed this you'd support Planned Parenthood which offers free Healthcare to many poor women.
You tried to defund PP, TWICE!
Weren't you all for invasive trans vaginal ultrasounds for women he were having an abortion?
doesn't care about women, only himself. Try holding a Philly Townhall to prove otherwise
Then back us up on freedom to control our bodies and fates. Until then you are just mouthing paternal crap! #womensday
Toomey, when are you going to do something about Trump's ties to Russia?
A U. S. senator should celebrate women every day.
Right. That's why you'll vote to defund one of low income women's most important orgs. #StandWithPP
right, by opposing @PPact?
hold a #TownHall !!!
Thanks for posting a pic of Betsy Ross sewing instead of a Scientist or a Female politician or a vet. Way to go.
.  Soooooo.....this was when women had no property rights, no right to vote, died in childbirth, ave age 36. Hmmm
you know.... "when America was great" (I wish some one would clarify what Trump is going back to )
why don't you meet with them say in a town hall
So why do you keep trying to take away our rights to choose and to get equal pay!?!?!!  Hypocrite
But you support a president who has admitted to sexually assaulting women. Keep your sentiment. We're better off without you.
For that matter, start voting for Country, not Party. Plenty of opportunity for you on this.
How about you start voting in a way that shows you care about Women's Rights which are Human Rights.
You should celebrate by scheduling a townhall to discuss women's health and equal pay with your constituents. #realPA
.@SenToomey @BuzzFeed you'd be better at #womensday if you didn't support a president that likes to grab women "by the pussy"
@SenBobCasey what does Toomey all day? Does he know there is a health care crisis? It's a good thing Pa has Senator Casey
if only there was a woman Senator from PA we could celebrate

oh stop the lies......if you like us then meet with us! #russiagate
