
"Significant" =/= good. You are sentencing people to death. Cost savings doesn't excuse that. #OpposeBCRA #BCRAP #TrumpcareKills 15126
Here's the article, from a crazy right wing blog #PostTheFacts 
https://arcamax.com/politics/fromtheright/georgewill/s-1974896 …
@GeorgeWill We already know the math:
Instead of capping beneficiaries how about working on the costs to the consumer. Pat always works backwards.

At 10 years old, Liam wrote a letter to @realDonaldTrump about his mom’s fragile health. Liam’s voice is definitely one we need to hear: 
Senator Toomey, my five voters living with me in SE Penna. will NOT vote for you again. Disgraceful HC proposal. Implore you to tweek ACA!
Neither will the two (one is a die-hard Republican) who live with me.
just give all americans the same coverage that Toomey has - and a group rate for all - raise the taxes to pay for it - VERY SIMPLE
Why don't you ask yourself why is healthcare so expensive in this country rather then how to defund it #singlepayernow

fix OBAMACARE and put your name on it
Legislate any insurer to any 1 State must provide equal insurance to all States at equal cost. Do your job & quit mandating to working class
Begging now: Pls stop speaking w/ press! Speak w/PA people &NOT 8 invitees in "town hall". We, along w/ AARP, Amer. Cancer Soc oppose bill
Why try to hide the truth. AARP IS A FAR LEFT ORGANIZATION getting rich on Oboomacare. Explain United Healthcare kick backs.
.@SenToomey @GeorgeWill also says causes of poverty are behavioral, ignoring systemic drivers of inequality, so...
@GeorgeWill Strangely enough, unequal wealth distribution is global too. Must be the poor's fault.

How to Rip healthcare from babies and grannies
#GOPdeathbill
Toomey: Maybe instead of screwing up the healthcare system you should just resign since you obviously do NOT listen to your constituents.
The GOP bills have been opposed by the AARP, AMA, Cancer Society, and any professional group that actually cares for people.
FIX the WHOLE budget. Realize what the PEOPLE want. We want an improved version of Obamacare. So cut somewhere else. Figure it out. Defense.
Ooooh, there's definitely a place to cut. And this mess can't even be blamed on Trump.

At @SenBobCasey visiting @IU13 to discuss threats to Medicaid with parents of high-need kids. 
lack of understanding of the mechanisms of the HC market - not a good starting point.  What a buffoon.....
if all you do is cut taxes then spending becomes the problem - the Republicans can't EVER raise taxes-it might just help the poor -VERY SAD!
We don't want provisions on this bill! We want a bi-partisan, newly shaped bill that will build on Obamacare and fix it's glitches.
RINOS need to go!
"Healthcare for all" really triggers #TheCowardToomey
You're like a superhero (but only of terrible stuff).
slowing the rate of growth is important but you must first invest in reengineering the health care system, reducing the cost of medical care
Is @GeorgeWill your constituency? Maybe he will vote for you next time. We won't if you take away our healthcare.
You are like the only senator left who still wont admit this bill is shit. I dont know if thats good or bad, but it says a lot about you.
Instead of committing to making the ACA work,he is considering l actions that would jeopardize the health & welfare of millions of Americans
Controlling costs by denying healthcare to most vulnerable? Lots could be done to fix #ACA but no attempt has been made. #bipartisanship
Marketing spin:  Cap (is a cut) funding for essential healthcare to children, elderly, disabled, working poor .. and let's see what happens.
Pass a good bill. Give us options. Don't pass a bill that's useless. Do it right. Repeal first if needed. But Lower our premiums!!!!
Ur Townhalls n #BetterHealthCare r by invitation only - the rich.  Just ask the Koch bros who paid u to rip off the American ppl
I teach in one of the poorest districts in PA. Take care of the astronomical medical and pharma expenses before cutting Medicaid.
Single-payer for all...NOW. No tax cuts for those making over $500,00 per year. We are going back to equity whether you like it or not.
On the backs of the working class, just like every other GOP proposal in the last 40 years. We are not fooled...we will not be silenced.
Please listen to your constituents?  Have you entirely lost touch with who you represent?
It would be one of this century's biggest tax cuts for the wealthy. Paid for by 22 million people that would lose their healthcare.
If #ahca & #brca was really about fiscal responsibility, WHY give tax cuts to your rich friends? Why not use that $ to fight opioid epidemic
So you've changed tactics from lying about how your not cuttin Medicaid to being proud of it? Your proud that millions will lose coverage?!
Cutting health care from 22 million hard working Americans to give tax cuts to millionaires would certainly be significant.
This bill will fail which confirms you are a failure. Once this happens, please begin to care about king Trump and the ruin of democracy
Perhaps the senate should tackle the runaway Russian Potus we have !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are either truly insane or truly evil.
Significant would be no tax cuts for the wealthy and reasonable health insurance for middle class.
The way to reduce Medicaid spending is not to hurt people who truly need this benefit with caps. We now know this one is your fault Pat.
Stop trying to make yourself look good. PA residents see through that. We'd like the opportunity to share our perspective on this bad bill.
Complicit. Do not pass Go. Go straight to jail.
PAT TOOMEY MAY BE THE MOST HATED MAN IN PENNSYLVANIA. I doubt he runs his own Twitter. Has anyone ever had him respond to them ever?
Gutting Medicaid isn't "tenacity" - why don't you try actual reforms to healthcare delivery that lower costs? Starting with coverage for all
it is important. That is why I call your office every day and ask you to vote No.
How long will you continue to pat yourself on the back when PA can't cover the cost of Medicaid & countless people are negatively impacted?
Toomey you are so out of touch!
Medicare for all Americans now!!!
What abt ACA "Medicare Innovation Ctr" doing pilot tests of ways to improve cost/quality of care instead of brute force cuts?
@charles_gaba
2/ All Republican proposals so far just make brute force cuts to starve the h/c system of money, rather than attempting actual reform.
Significant in a bad way #wealthcare
Hiding from constituents, because your bill is record breaking bad is significant. Posting Geo will article as a selling tool. LAME
Remember ur commercial with ur mom..preserve HC for all. MEDICARE FOR ALL..it works. Mommy has it.U promised her to keep it strong for her!!
Of course it would be the century's most significant policy measure, cutting 22million people from healthcare w/secret bill is bigly bad.
If you want to cap Medicaid, then cap outrageous medical fees and costs! Why no discussion of that?
Ok. I get that part but unless you are going after big Pharma and for-profit healthcare industry this is pointless.
If you cap spending and do nothing to control costs, you--Pat Toomey--are the death panel. This article is a badge of shame not honor.
Sure let's kill 22 million people by taking away their health care.
Please note the word "Opinion" in the title. Let me know when there are "Facts" or "Analysis" to support this
If your best defender is George Will, yikes.
His townshalls n healthcare act r by invitation only - the rich bc only the rich can afford it. Who does @SenToomey owe?  The Koch bros!!
Sure, the question is, if you lost your insurance would you feel the same way or count the $'s from the tax cut?
People might be willing to listen to you if you weren't also giving rich people a giant handout in the same bill.
You also need to admit 60 expensive tax payer funded repeal votes was a waste of taxpayer money and stunt to elect more lying Republicans.
You've admitted the Repeal votes were a political stunt and didn't think Trump would win. Now admit all those $ Repeal Votes were a STUNT!
Read the article. It is significant because it reduces funding for and basically decimates medicaid.
You're an immoral liar who'll be responsible for more American suffering & deaths than any terror group #GOPLiesMatter #GOPDestroyingAmerica
TAke a town hall vote. How many voters want this healthcare change? Thats call a democratic process
Shame all 13 did not put this much effort writing this plan as you are trying to sell it?
You're an insignificant man though. Why reach? Remain pathetic and small please
I would believe you had good intentions with the proposal of it weren't for the huge tax cuts for the 1%
Pls work across the isle to make sure all americans can afford the health care they deserve thank you
How about eliminating the tax cut ? Maybe then, ordinary people would start rethinking health care. Stop repeal- fix what's wrong
Quoting Will: "progressivism" has made "victimhood a coveted status that confers privileges," Morons stick together.  #Moron #Trumpcare
For legalized murder. FIX ACA No drumpt/ryan care
If you were truly the party of fiscal conservatism you'd be passing #MedicareForAll and saving taxpayer $$ by cutting out the middleman.
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
In case anyone wants to read the pile of garbage that is #TrumpCare : https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/BetterCareReconcilistionAct.6.26.17.pdf …
Here's the CBO score for all to read for themselves: https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/52849-hr1628senate.pdf …
WOW. CBO: Premiums for a 64-year old with middle income go from $6,800 under ACA to $20,500 under #Trumpcare 
This means that if you lose coverage for just one month, you have to wait six months before you can get it back.
#Trumpcare is nothing more than a tax cut for the 400 richest American families.
In addition to millions losing their insurance, #Trumpcare poses a threat to jobs nationwide.
Toomey will not admit how many jobs the ACA created, you will never see him talk about that.
Significant in the sheer amount of pain and misery it will cause your constituents. Congrats! #voteno
32 million people would lose coverage if Obamacare was repealed
5 Ways the Senate Health Care Bill Would Hurt You http://fw.to/ixqb2WY   #NoAgeTax #VoteNo
Boy, George, we could really use a few shovels here for the sheer volume of horseshit you and Pat are laying on us.
He also said that @BarackObama was right & what's needed is a "tweak and move on". Quit pretending otherwise #AHCA
I'm surprised your health plan doesn't just euthanize people who aren't rich and in awesome health.
Treating a symptom, not the root cause, is fundamentally wrong.
Significant = deadly in this case. But as long as your billionaires get their tax cut, it's worth it, right?
#ToomeysLastTerm
Your #TownHall is when? #Sycophant #Coward #NOTrumpcare #SinglePayerNow
Lord 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Millions losing health care is indeed significant.
Fix Obamacare. Do you hear your constituents yet? Work together and fix what we have and like!
great, you're going single payer?
When every known professional medical organization tells u this plan will kill people, u should listen! Or do u consider them #fakedoctors
Too bad the people don't feel the same as the biased op-eds you found, Pat. TrumpCare sucks. We do not want it. Try harder.
You should be listening to the opinions of your constituents.  George Will is not one of them.
LOL. Okay.
This bill will KILL people...listen to ur constituents not just the Republican members of ur invitation only town hall (8 white mid class)
Last time I checked, George Will was not one of your constituents.  How about listening to us? Oh I forgot, you don't do town halls.
You have a KOCH ADDICTION, Senator.  There is help, but you have to first admit you have a problem.
Wake up, Senator.  THE PEOPLE have spoken. They want heatlhcare, not #Wealthcare
The loss of affordable access to healthcare by 22 million will definitely be significantlt bad and impact people for decades! Cruel!
Only in the GOP universe could a bill so widely hated by the community of people who actually care for people be considered "good."
Pat: Did you ask Pennsylvanians? Why are you asking George? Who cares what George thinks! I certainly do not.

I don't think that is a compliment
Here's how: make it single payer
It's pretty simple. Then you can go back to playing with bees or whatever
