Vote NO.on this disastrous health care bill.
REPEAL is language that scares the shit out of this nation. If you do not realize this, u have your head in the sand. My district votes NO.
@SenToomey Stop selling Trumpcare as  anything than what it is, tax relief for the wealthy. What's criminal is that Congress is exempt!
GOP hated ACA Medicaid exp b/c fed funding dropped from 90-80% over time, and red states didn't want to pay more. Even less $ = better???
PA is better than most states. 60% of the choice of at least 2 providers. Some states have only 1. If you are fixing it, call it a fix.
You're a liar and a fake. I can't wait to vote against you and remove you from office.
EIGHT PA House members voted NO, including 3 Repubs. Only 10 voted YES.  This bill is horrible. My friends will pay more.
Turn your phones on. You're a US senator.
The only promise you're keeping is to yourself, not your people. This is about good care for people, not self-serving repeal of Obamacare.
To fix healthcare, to lower premiums, to lower deductibles, to increase coverage, common sense says it would take more money, not less
You and your R colleagues have been so disingenuous about this whole process, why should I trust you? 15025
Please vote no on the health care bill
You have lots to say in writing, but nothing to say in person. You barely won, keep that in mind. You won't be a lifer in the Senate
Fake news Fake Senator
If you actually believe this you're a fool, if you don't believe it and are lying to people, you're a dirt bag.  Which are you?
You kept your promise and tried to defeat ACA. You failed. The winning your dear leader promised? So, say you tried and move out of the way.
What about the part where a senator is to meet with constituents?  I don't think you have been keep that part of your job description!
Vote no on this horrible bill! You are purposely hurting your constituents.
With as much respect as I can muster, this is total BULLSHIT! Insurance companies with investment returns in the billions pulled out.
Do you really think so little of the people you represent? Cutting Medicare and claiming to preserve the safety net is obscene
Increasing insurance premiums and out of pocket expenses DESTROYS a family's safety net.  Why don't you care about people?
YOUR "OP-ED" IS mc con coal/lyin ryan/ ignorant hump FREAKIN HATRED 4 ANY & ALL THINGS/ACTIONS THAT HELP/PROTECT/ENABLE PEOPLE TO LIVE WELL

If only @SenToomey cared as much about saving American lives as he does sugar, #TrumpCare would fail. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/880481036857208832 …
that's cute that you think that's the best way to reach constituents...esp. considering your voter base is likely not even in philly?
Over 700,000 lose coverage. Preserves whose safety net? The Kochs'? Yours?
COWARD  COWARD  COWARD -- face your constituents that will LOSE under this bill that YOU support right along party lines.  COWARD COWARD
No one cares what you have to say anymore. Don't you get that? Also, I am sick of you receiving a paycheck from me! Go home and stay there!
Such a liar.
My promise to you:  I promise I won't vote 4 u, that I will do my best to convince others not to vote 4 u, & that I will keep my promises.
ICYMI, Senator: your phone lines are all busy because your constituents do not believe your lies. 777,000 of us will lose health insurance
I hope it made sense hard to explain in a tweet
Your promise to screw over poor and disabled people will just have to wait another day. #SADFACEEMOJI
I r so full of shit & would b singing a different toon if u were up 4 reelection u feel safe but we won't forget "believe me"
Senator, are you reading these comments?
You created Deathcare.
You have zero credibility here, Senator. We know who you work for, & it's not us. 17601
Ditto. 17522 #voteno
This bill is grotesque, you are hurting people. It's taking away protections like pre-existing conditions.
How can you write these words with clear conscience? What reward are you expecting to receive for denying millions their right to life?
22 million more uninsured, 15 million in the next year.  Mean, nasty bill...#KILLTHEBILL
But it doesn't! Please actually read the bill! Placing your finger in the hole of the leaking dam isn't going to fix it! #SaveACA
Keeping your promise to billionaire donors, you mean
My family would benefit financially from #BRCA tax cuts. I don't want tax cuts. Not on the backs of the poor, elderly, and disabled.
Why r us still in office? Shame on u. Bill gives ur wealthy friends big tax breaks. What's wrong w half ur constituents. U gotta go. #voteno
BCRA is a giant tax cut for the 1%. 22 million lose care, premiums and deductibles rise for the rest. Vote NO to Trumpcare!
I am appalled at your blatant lies. Not even close. If you really think so little of us, we are happy to remove you.
What? Couldn't find a single newspaper in PA to support you, so you wrote your own article?
If costs are rising ahead of infl. pls free up the drug market; negotiate with pharma and/or allow imports from ROW You're for free markets?
If the ins. industry doesn't want competition, leaving us with one choice why won't you intro. the public option amendment? 63% of docs agre
Vote NO. This is nowhere near a fix. (PA voter here, examining retirement options outside of the USA because of this!)
maybe it started to fix it, but got sidetracked. cause it doesn't fix anything. unless u count the severe need of ins cos to collect more $
Only thing you are FIXING is GENOCIDE USA Poor, Elderly & Sick. You vote this in their blood is on your hands JUDAS! from a burned out shell
If it's so great, how about Congress try it first? Or how about a live town hall, coward?
LIAR...LIAR...YOU'LL BE FIRED!!!
You are killing older Americans.
Do the right thing- Vote NAY.  Bill is disastrous for Americans with disabilities and mental health.  CBO claims 22 mil would lose coverage
Are your lobbyists friends giving any stats on how many people will die? I'd want to see a projection on that number and how you justify it.
You are lying. You're failing to protect the people who voted for you...who trusted you. Definitely a waste of time but please #VoteNoBCRA
this health care act is not a good deal for americans
The Republican No Healthcare Death Bill gives huge tax breaks to the wealthy and kills the poor Do you want this to be ur legacy?
Your reply to CBO report -  ???? Stop parroting and focus on the negative impact on hospitals and constitutents
Vote Nooooooo!!!!!!!
Embarrasing article- cbo report exposes negative impact on women ,elderly , veterans & children - extensive cuts to medicaid
How much of that $569 billion tax giveaways will you get?!
Funny, BCRA is going to cost me my job, How's that for a safety net?
The CBO score shows this bill will make things worse for the rural poor which includes many in PA. Pls vote no. #SaveTheACA
Yep, fixes it for the wealthy.
You really hate us! We are just hard working middle class folks and don't have millions to buy your vote or time. But, the devil loves you!
Fake , fake , fake
Please vote to fix it not make it worse. The plan on the table is not a solution.
Go home and tell your peeps those lies in person !  How much does a soul go for in the Senate?
ACA is not filling Republicans are sabotaging it
Have you counted the constituents for vs against the bill? Or are you bulldozing ahead beholden to cash.
Noticed that the only sitting-Senator-cheerleaders for Trumpcare that I've seen are Toomey and Cornyn. Neither is up for re-election in 2018
I don't understand at all-no matter how hard I try, ur lack of compassion, w no sense of doing what is morally right for our fellow humans.
Why tax cuts? Why should the state where u live dictate healthcare options & cost? Can u gaurantee me w cancer pre existing won't pay more?
Trumpcare
What safety net? 22 million people will lose health insurance per CBO. And Medicaid caps will be devastating in the out years. Be honest.
Lying just makes it worse.  Own the damn thing.  Admit that giving U, your buddies a 3.8 % tax break MORE important than helping the poor/
People LOSE coverage.  Stop LYING!
#liar
LIAR. This is BS and you know it. Selling the lives of 24 million people for tax cuts to the rich. Pennsylvania will not forget.
VOTE NO YOU VOTING FOR THIS IS A VOTE AGAINST VETS CHILDREN THE DISABLED THE ADDICTED AND THE ELDERLY VOTENO
LIES!
What part of REPEAL don't you UNDERSTAND!  This FOOLISH GOP Senate Plan is OBAMACARE LITE!  Repeal the DAMN thing NOT change it!
Lies.
You say you & the GOP won because you promised to repeal the ACA. Where are your supports then? All I see is everyone saying NO AHCA!!!!!!!!
Your BCRA will cause my BRCA ( the breast cancer gene mutation)to kill me. Explain that to my children.
-22M ppl pat? Wow! You are an evil person. I look forward to voting against you.
Please speak about the Insurance Caps and how it means after one illness most people will have no insurance.
This is so dishonest. It's embarrassing to live in a state represented by you.
How can you sleep at night? This bill is evil, it'll kill people and negatively affect millions! Ashamed to have you as my Senator!
Vote no. Let me know if you want to talk about what the BRCA will do to my patient population. #TWEETIATRICIAN #KeepKidsCovered #prochild
22 million more uninsured is NOT a fix.  I implore you to vote against this.  #repairandpreserveACA
The only promise you're keeping is to keep the rich rich and screw the poor and disabled.Your horrible bill will devastate our country.
@SenToomey you are wrong. The worst part is that surely you must be aware of the negative impact, but you don't care  #unconscionable
@SenToomey ICYMTP (in case you missed the point):   You're going to hurt my son & his friends w/ #disabilities by decimating  #Medicaid
If we can pay for new helicopters and destroyers can't we pay for mammograms and insulin?
Oh Pat, how can you say this? So many of my cancer patients in Chester will be SOL.
Cutting Medicaid to skilled nursing families is NOT the answer.
Kiss your employer sponsored healthcare goodbye. This is from the CBO
This fixes nothing. You are doing nothing for us here in PA. You are keeping your promise to your rich donors to give them a tax break.
Your terrible bill fixes none what people hate about #ACA except the mandate. Give option to buy into Medicare as affordable alternative
Obviously you wouldn't do that considering the amount of campaign contributions you got from insurance companies, you don't have our back.
Bullshit
CONFIRMED that 22 million will lose coverage. How is that preserving a safety net?? I am a PA voter and I say DO NOT PASS this horrid bill.
Wrong!
202-224-4254 We know there's no way Toomey will vote No, but demand he at least defend it in public hearings on Senate floor. #wealthcare
It fixes nothing.  It screws over a lot of people, the money from whom, you'll give to the ultra-wealthy.  If BCRA is so great, YOU use it.
You write an  op-ed when you won't even listen in person to your constituency.  Excuse us if we don't pay attention to your written words
Dismantling the safety net under false pretenses is not the same as saving it
"Coverage is far below the forecasts touted by the law’s advocates." Depends what you mean by coverage, but current bill covers fewer people
GOP sabotaged ACA. Still better than AHCA. TAX breaks for the rich at what price? Death for women, poor,sick, elderly, disabled. Vote no!
Enjoy your tax cut.
Liar.

Facts matter.
#ToomeysLastTerm
This bill will quite literally cause Americans to lose their jobs and savings. This bill will destroy families.
Causing MORE uninsured is literally the opposite of a safety net.  Doing this to save some money on taxes is a sin.
Yes vote means #ToomeysLastTerm
Woe to those who pass unjust laws. Isaiah 10:1. Where is the charity and the benevolence?  #PeopleWillDie
This op ed is a disgusting lie! Defunding Medicaid is evil! The ACA works we just need it to be more heavily subsidized. #saveaca #AHCAkills
You are a lying liar that lies. This bill dismantles the safety net. It is a horrible bill for everyone but oligarchs. Who owns you?
And what about the huge tax cuts to the rich and still throwing thousands in PA off coverage? Who do you represent? #whatdidtheypayyou?
You're either delusional or lying. Or both. From 15103z
You've never listened to a constituent a day in you life. Why should they hear your lies? You are only accountable to donors and it shows.
The ACA has failed to deliver in Pennsylvania? As a PA pediatrician, I beg to differ, and so do my patients #dontcapmycare
No you've just gone after Medicaid & Veterans for a 4% tax-break for the 1%ers!  We SEE who You really represent, or show me where I'm wrong
The bill is a good one.
Senator, I so far do not see one of your constituents supporting this! You work for us!
Go soak your head. We're sick of your excuses
vote against this for your constituents, not for monied friends.
Put all the lipstick you want on that pig, Senator. Won't change the fact that Pennsylvanians will die if this bill becomes law.
Vote NO, have a Town Hall so you can hear from the people, that you are suppose to be representing!!
There's no way you read your feed. But I surely hope you vote down this embarrassment. Thanks for ignoring your constituents I guess
so fix it, don't destroy it.  subject your plan to debate, don't kill millions.
Toomey would lose the "debate"   this is a tax give away to the very rich
Explain this to your mother
How do we begin to fix your failures?
I'm a constituent from 18104 and I oppose this as many do. We wont forget who threw us under the bus.
I would like to know how large @SenToomey's personal tax break will be under the legislation he (supposedly) wrote. I'm guessing > $100K
Enjoy your stay because as soon as we can vote you out, you are gone. Toast. Um, buh bye.
Your bill keeps MEDICAID expansion it just doesn't fund it. Your predator banking is showing
When all of the feedback you're getting is negative then it's time to admit you're wrong
You're the failure here. You have failed to represent your state in a positive way.
ALSO let's contrast that bill process with the current purposefully shady, not to mention, reckless push-through.
You have fixed nothing! You gave a tax break to rich people and the sick and the poor will die! You are such a Christian! 
I strongly oppose BCRA.
I'm a mom in PA w/kid with disabilty. I must know if we are moving to #Medicaid block grants  or limits etc. Your offices are uncertain.
Does #bcra ask states to choose between block grants or a set per participant limit for #Medicaid in 2020 - a pres.  election yr (1/2)?
The Coward Toomey continues to serve his insurance finance masters but not his constituents
You can't disguise a trillion-dollar tax cut for the rich. We weren't born yesterday.
Constituent in 15057: I want you to vote NO. We must find a way to make healthcare available to all of our fellow citizens.
Right, so let's fix this with a worse plan for most Americans. You're a genius.
I hope you are reading the comments in your tweets
@SenBobCasey set this man straight please
I look forward to pouring my time and energy into supporting your opposition when the time comes. You make me ashamed to be from PA.
Where's your view on Medicaid?
No one believes you except those that won't look at the bill.
@realDonaldTrump Mr Toomey, I can't believe TrumpCare is the best the Senate can offer. You had 7 years to craft legislation.
Unless your plan all along was to gut healthcare for our own edification.
Do you think we believe you. I'm not stupid. Check NPR for facts.
Vote no BCRA. Lower Medicare eligibility age. Serve your people and do not bend your knee to your false god Trump.
Healthcare - like SocSec, Medicare & all essential public utilities should never be left to the craven whims of capitalistic free markets!
Why do rich people need more $. Act human and vote this down. This is not what your people want.
Hey, the people in Pitt that voted R need real healthcare help. Charging $ for decent coverage will lock people out.????
You are breaking the ninth commandment, I have to think knowingly. And also the greatest commandment: love thy neighbor as thyself. Shame.
TrumpCare fixes nothing but the fortunes of the .01% Please vote against it!
