@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski but growth is highly unlikely under this budget! The masses need higher wages to increase spending.
How many posts about your ignorance do we have to read in a day? Give us something else to hate you for!
Pinnochio keep talking.  Your nose is getting huge
Please stop tweeting. Every tweet just shows how out of touch you are.
which amendment are you referring to here. thanks in advance.
History is not going to be kind to the GOP senators of this era.
The very near future is not going to be kind to the GOP senators of this era!
oh, I didn't realize that you passed a law to increase the minimum wage>
Need to apply #RealityCheck to @SenateGOP projections. Tax cuts for rich just don’t pan out for economic growth.
True statement that has no actual documented connection to tax reform. Nice try slick.
Safety net programs which won't be there anyway. It's a win for everyone!
Fewer safety nets screws the poor.  You have no idea how many poor people in your district
Economic growth doesn't matter if we're all killed in mass shootings. Senator, please stand up for gun control. PA lives depend on it.
Support clean water, clean energy, and investing in education. Thats our growth. Your trickle down tax reform is lacking.
CHIP, CHIP, CHIPping away at the safety net.
You're messing with Medicare which I've paid into for 30+ yrs. NO th This plan!
This budget document shows Senate R's are voting to cut Medicaid by 1 trillion, Medicare by 473 billion. Pass it on. 
Start by inserting higher minimum wage and guaranteed healthcare for employees.... Then I trust you mean it.
Taxcut first, tickle down benefit second (maybe) is BS... Did not work under Reagan, nothing different now
are you supporting the CHIP program?or is that getting cut- it is a SHAME THAT THE ONLY PEOPLE U CARE ABOUT ARE THE WELL TO DO - ESTATE TAX!
Really, do you not know what Medicare is.
Half a Billion from Medicare . Seniors we must stand together and oust this crook!
@SenToomey remember the tax plan this crook wants eliminates SALT State and Local wage tax, they will no longer be deductible
Do you live in the real world, Senator? What's your definition of the middle class? What will it be next year?
Last time I checked, you were either working or broke.
4 years filing and refiling claims using VSO at clinic. Veteran Service Officer.
Which is why you want to eliminate them. To save yourself money, thereby increasing their need, because you shaft the middle class.
https://www.facebook.com/officialtomsteyer/?hc_ref=ARS21SDjujnVef4q0BLXvGJQTTMKC6NOA2XUe764Rlv5ZU3g3nyc_YCOEBhrcGrN4c0&pnref=story …

False! "Stronger Econ."=HIGHER Prices.  FACT: my SSDI is already $200 BELOW the poverty level. How can I afford your higher prices?
ALL EVIDENCE POINTS TO THE CONTRARY
No duh. It's how we get there that is in dispute.
Maybe you should wait for demand to go down before you cut programs though.  You know, in case your prediction turns out to be wrong?
The "safety net" is to protect those the system fails and the system sure is failing a lot of people
Do YOU even believe the bullshit you tweet?This is nothing more than redistribution of wealth UPWARD & we know how well trickledown works.
Also, why do we need safety net programs like federal unemployment insurance anyway? I am stoked that CHIP is gone and I didn’t need to help
This is SICK. You are stoked that health insurance for millions of vulnerable children is gone? WTH is wrong with you and your party?
Dude it's satire
Here we go again, more lies about who Trump is protecting...how long is your nose now Mr. Toomey
That's quite an argument, but even full time salaries "preclude" some people from paying for anything else but healthcare.

Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
Doesn’t Congressional have a social safety net for themselves?
A fair wage and benefits would do better at lifting ppl out of safety nets, NOT a tax cut 4 ppl who already have enough $. Get real!!!
DON’T GUT THE SAFETY NET. IT’S CALLED A SAFETY NET FOR A REASON.
You're driven by greed and not your constituents. Why not, for once, stop being a GOP lapdog and work FOR the people that need help?
Eventually yes but not currently.
If you eat an entire cheesecake for every meal you’ll lose weight! See I can tell lies too/
There is no evidence that tax cuts for the wealthy encourage growth.

Didn’t work with Reagan.  Didn’t work in Kansas.
How about giving workers better wages instead of ceo making so much more that workers.
Just keep pushing to line your pockets. Everything you do is for your own benefit and not the people of PA. Quit!
Fraud on the American people. Trickle Down Economics is bogus. Proven not to benefit the people.
So...you defund those safety net programs on some promise of projected growth? Are there unicorns in this fantasy also?
You're going to be too old to run for Senate again. Think maybe during your remaining term you could actually try to help middle class?
We have a middle class ?
Oh good, then they can rest easy while they're shot in any situation anywhere doing anything. Well done, @SenToomey time 4U 2 move along
How do Trump and your rich friends benefit? We need to know. #TrumpTaxReturns #TaxBreaksForTheRich
Bigger budget deficits (less taxes on rich) means less money for people who must rely on safety net programs. #TaxReform @BudgetGOP
What a crock..! Medicare cuts ? Just WHY do you always think taking from seniors is a good "economic plan" ?
I have to get out the hip boots. Toomey is trying to screw over his own constituents.
Perhaps you should take a look at this                                                   http://mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN1CA20J …
You do realize that Supply Side Economics is a fantasy. That's a statement.  And you're a terrible human being.  A mole person.
Who paid you to say that?
Must have been considerable
How convenient for you. Now you have an excuse for not funding CHIP & SNAP.
Don't tax the poor to benefit the rich.
Pay living wages, build affordable housing means fewer people on welfare!
And trickle down economics have kept wages down since the 1980s. Unless of course you're a banker who likes to foreclose on people.
People are dying because the GOP can't bring comprehensive Healthcare to America and Toomey only tweets about making the rich richer! Prick
Does not matter how many times Toomey tweets this lie, it is still a lie.
Hold a town hall and lie to our faces instead of hiding behind social media.
You mean trickle down economics? Spoiler alert - it's never worked and never will. Come up with something new, Pat. Same old GOP. Sad.
You speak with forked tongue senator. You still have Wall St. in your blood. Tax cuts blow a 1.5 trillion hole in debt and cause recession
Take all of the safety nets away...except for the ones that protect Trump & other wealthy white men! You're a disgrace but Trump loves you.
Sure, but why do you think a tax cut will lead to economic growth when there is no evidence in recent history that this happens.
And nothing yet about gun control or health care. Plenty to say about cutting taxes for the rich though. Surprised? Nope!
It will never happen. We the people already know the truth.
Federal tax cuts for the wealthiest, mean PA will pay higher state taxes to pay for their tax cuts. We lose.
Ok, but maybe we could get more growth by getting more money to people who might use it - not those who already have more than 90%.
If you take care of those who don't have it, you will be regarded
This is true but giving tax cuts to your donors won't result in stronger economic growth.
Safety Nets like corporations get? Pay little/no taxes. Offshore banking? Pay workers minimum wages and no benefits? You are not fooling us.
Everyone including Corporations need to pay their share.
Have anything to back that up besides wishful thinking?
Please. It just doesn't work that way. It will just go to the stockholders.
You are the worst

Ha.  The GOP members are a bunch of scumbags
What are you doing to raise the minimum wage to a living wage, improve public education & make higher education more affordable?  NOTHING!
And your boy Trump gets even wealthier, #outoftouch
The frackers in PA need to pay us, like in every other state!
Exactly!!
You're either an idiot or a liar who thinks the rest of us are too stupid to know what's in your bullshit tax reform.
Confirm jobs and higher income prior to pulling safety net sounds like plan to me - mom and wife constituent 15236
Social safety net programs promote economic growth and cutting ACA, Medicaid or Medicare spending will hurt both the public and the economy
Except you and the rest of Congress. Get A Job!
Is that how you’re justifying Medicare and Medicaid cuts Not sure my parents’ with Alzheimer’s income will go up. Then what? Not ur problem?
It's never their problem. They get paid to come up with new laws with no consequence how it will affect the people they should protect.
I am a Vietnam Vet dealing with the V. A. Claims which always get denied. So what does that Bronze Star I got mean.
Are you out of your mind?  Trickle. Down. Economics. Does. Not. Work.  I can't wait to work for your opponent
Tax increases during both Clinton and Obama years led to greater economic growth and higher wages
Your tax reform plan is BS.
Bull. Hold a town hall. 

What are you doing for CHIP?
He's doing bupkis for CHIP, or anything else for that matter.
All he's concerned about is his tax cuts.
Congress needs salary cuts across the board as they talk too much. We need more positive action in favor of the retired and middle class.
You're not wrong, but I've yet to see concrete evidence that tax cuts for rich lead to higher wages. Reagan's sure didn't do the trick.
They will also repeal child labor laws so if kids want healthcare they can work for it themselves. Moochers!
You’re tax bill wont result in any significant economic growth, more jobs, or higher income (for the middle class). Only massive  deficit!
Ostensibly this is true. However the way you propose to get there is hogwash, sir.
It wont pass the sniff test anyway.  Anybody who fact checks knows its a bad deal.   Sit down Pat.
Because he is reversing time & we won't have 1000s of Baby Boomers aging out of the workforce. Magic!
You don't achieve that growth by kicking people off programs they need though! Stop trying to cut healthcare!
Senator, help to abolish #H1B visa scam.
Then give all the tax breaks to the poor and middle class,  trickle down has never worked
Maybe, if there were no other factors, at which point non-discretionary spending wld drop automatically. Cutting programs first is backwards

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
That's not even close to being true - congrats on the big, fat lie!
Oh noes! Saftey net programs! Those damn moochers! They're filthy animals!
This is completely unverifiable hogwash.
