Losing your seat in the next election
How much more damage will you do?
Now our worthless senator is going on worthless Fox News. I didn't think you could go any lower but you proved me wrong.
Here's a crazy idea: instead of only talking to the media, why don't you talk to your constituents? You haven't had a town hall since 2015
I pray that you change that budget so that medicare, food stamps are not touched
Why don't you come to a town hall in your state to discuss this?
Talk to those who vote
Wait ..do you ever plan to acknowledge my faxes, postcards and phone calls? Hey Pat Toomey..it's me, 13th district..do you represent me too?
I hope you tell them it's unacceptable, Senator.
Soon you will ne relieved of your duties. Where will you hide Sen. Toomey..you cant come back to PA.
We're stuck with Toomey until his 6 year term is up.  Toomey the terrible
You never know what they are going to find in DC. 
@SenToomey you sure do seem to like meeting with tv cameras...  what about meeting live with your constituents?  #WeWantALiveTownhall
Make sure you study the responses someone prepared for you.
Why not try a respected organization and not Fox?!  Gutless and unpatriotic!!!
So you have time for @FoxBusiness but no time for a townhall (and not a phone townhall)???
PLEASE do not support anything even vaguely resembling the awful and draconian budget that tRump has proposed! Protect the American people!
Talk to us, Senator. We're right here.
As well as so many programs that are for the poor of our country.  Raise the taxes on the rich
When is your next townhall??
Hold a town hall! Two years is too long to not speak with ur constituents! #toomeytownhall
Fox? Why not just scream into the toilet?
Maybe take a minute to read the 1st amendment then explain how you are against school vouchers for religious schools? #REALPA  #trumpbudget
You should try another network for a change
Yea get off Faux news, they have a bad reputation and lots of sex scandles, are you trying to tell us something ?
Go ahead and support the president and his budget. Na na na na hey hey hey good bye
Screen time is nice, Pat, but it won't get you reelected if you continue to ignore your constituents. Be a man. Hold some town halls.
You are beyond unpatriotic.
What is this 2 trillion dollar error ?
Cowards tend to be pack animals.
True
Indivisible PHL hosting Town Hall Meeting with or without Senator Pat Toomey on Thursday, June 1 from 6:30 to 8PM. https://www.facebook.com/events/421685524863742/?ti=icl …
Let me guess: totally cool with it because poor people have had it too good?
Time to stop hiding behind radio, tv and social media! Time for town halls with your constituents!
Ironic a faux Senator in a Faux news program....
Well thanks for the advance notice. How 'bout we get together in person & you can fill me in on what I missed ?
When will you join your constituents for an in person town hall? We don't want to see you on TV we want to see you listening to us! 17111
A few moments, really? Not sure why you can't give more notice. You didn't know you were going to be interviewed today?
And no truthor facts will be involved.
And you better be saying it will never pass-because Folks at home would be VERY UNHAPPY-giving your Banker friends more money.
Fox News...<sigh>
If you pass this, be aware that you are KILLING me and many, many other Pennsylvanians!!
Nooooo, not Fox News!! You may as well talk to infowars or breitbart
You and @FoxNews. Ratings and Popularity tanking. Your a dinosaur and are afraid to meet your constituents face to face. #PartyOverCountry
You sure have time for all this media. Kinda shows that you lie when you say you don't have time for a town hall.
That awful slash and burn thing you support "with a few exceptions "?
Why don't you grow a set & hold an in-person Town Hall with your constituents & tell us how the Federal Budget is going to be so great!
NO MEDICAID CUTS PAT!!!!!
No surprise there. You are afraid to go on a program where they may disagree with you. Which is why you don't have an in person Townhall
Please make time to discuss health care policy with your constituents.
Town Hall Please
You'll speak with a guy that attacks the pope for asking the rich to help the poor but won't do a town hall with your constituents??
You have NO MANDATE.  YOU ARE HEARTLESS
Shame on you @SenToomey.  Shame on you.  Taking from the poor to increase the wealth of the richest and pay for a damn wall we don't want.
You are the worst. Why don't you come do a #phillytownhall to discuss this terrible, cruel budget with constituents?
Again, how about meeting live with the people from your state in a town hall to discuss.  Tell it to our face.
Pls ensure Medicaid 4 low income ppl & kids/adults  w/disabilities; fully fund public educ, women's healthcare, & environmental protections.
Not if he goes with this budget.  Even going after disability and SNAP, Special Ed, Medicare and Medicaid
You mean the proposed budget that hates the poor & middle class but loves corporations, the military & the rich? For shame pat toomey!
Why does the budget and tax plan cut care for the lower segments, but you're supporting massive benefits for the top 1%?
Please come over to Philly and discuss this and other issues with your actual constituents! We'd like to be heard. @TuesdaysToomey
you can take that budget, shine it up real nice, turn it sideways and shove straight up your candyass.
Cool, so when will you be talking to your CONSTITUENTS at a town hall?
What that thing on the stand in front of you? A bullshit-o-meter? So Fox can make sure you are spewing a proper amount of garbage and lies?
Thanks again for the last minute notice!!!! Who gets to ask the prescreen questions??????????
You have time for this but no time for a town hall with your constituents? @TuesdaysToomey
Wow. It'd be great if you could use it to speak to the needs of your actual constituents. Which you would know if you met with us. #Coward
Not gonna join voters though, huh?
When is your next townhall?
Do you think it's fair that so much is being cut from kids especially with disabilities? #questions4betsy #onlytherichbenefit
I am a constituent and welcome a meeting or town hall to review your positions and my concerns. When can we meet?
Hey, hold a townhall w/ your constituents & discuss this and the numerous problems we have w/ Trumps agenda
Come to PA and talk about Trump's budget with your constituents. #realPA
Senator please discuss how you will guarantee funding for CHIP and SNAP programs that keep future generations healthy.
Here's an idea. How about you hold a TOWN HALL and discuss the federal budget with the people you represent. Coward.
That education budget is an embarrassment and you should be ashamed to support any of it!
Maybe after that interview, you can explain the $2 trillion math error at a public town hall for your constituents. #ToomeyTownHall
