I guess you spun the wheel and that topic won
They are not dangerous and you represent us too.  You have the nerve to fundraise in Philly but never talk to your constituents!!!
You are the worst.
Tell me who just  assassinated the police lady in NYC ? Was it an immigrant? No he was white just like these terrorists. What is your plan ?
You are such http://slime.You  and your party spreading hate and fear to the American public.
Give us the facts! Cite your sources! Listen to your constituents more then your donors!
learn how Sanctuary Cities work and why ending sanctuary cities is actually the more dangerous choice
Another terrible Tump idea!!! Why do you keep doing his bidding? Are a part of the degrading democracy?
What is more dangerous than a sanctuary city? 13 privileged white man writing a healthcare bill.
I would only hope that twitter would install a " bullshit" or "dislike" button.
The GOP seriously needs a new strategy because trying to scare constituents in order to enact corrupt legislation is no longer working!!!
What makes them so dangerous exactly?
Yup. And PA constituents are working to end your  seat in the Senate. Pathetic Toomey. Coward of Cowards.
No sanctuary for lying politicians
How about that town meeting ?
He's having one with ABC27. 

By invite only.
Kinda like behind closed doors
Are you crazy? Get your facts straight.
So Philadelphia is dangerous because of this? Your ambition is going to unseat you...
You are a cowardly fuckhole and your wife secretly hates you.
you are wrong on this one
I had a typo in my reply to you. I meant to say this is another terrible Trump idea. Again why do you have to do his bidding?
Out of touch with PA
Sanctuary cities are good. Fund and staff police forces with fed$ if u don't like it
Is that what Jesus would say and do, Pat?  Right, Jesus would break up families.
Worry about the PA folks who will die under #TrumpCare. Leave compassionate cities who want to help refugees alone #Pittsburgh
See how that works for Seattle. You'll be in court until the cows come home. Dangerous? Not here.
Please share the statistics on what makes these cities more dangerous.
Dangerous for rich white asses.
Sanctuary cities are supportive, kind, & support the tenants upon which America was founded. You have no data supporting dangerous comment.
Do you even understand what Sanctuary Cities ARE?   And why they are vital to law enforcement?
I feel pretty safe in Philly. Never once did I worry about walking the streets. Lying once again, disgusting.
Keep up the great work
Apparently also unaware that most of his constituents live gladly in sanctuary cities
Do you have STATISTICS on this or making shtuff up again? STATS TALK, BS stays with the GOP.
I live in a Sanctuary City. Convince me that it is dangerous without disparaging immigrants! I truly don't understand your argument.
Pat, don't let the facts get in your way. Spew Koch and Breitbart evil instead. You're wrong about SCs and the Senate "don't care" bill.
Maybe you should try to preserve the sanctity of the Oval Office. Hope you act soon
You are so full of it. Sanctuary cities are not what you make them out to be, you are scare mongering for political gain. Disgusting!
Sanctuary cities aren't dangerous. This administration is dangerous.
Answer this
Republicans are trying to steal health care from 22 million people in order to help the wealthiest 0.4%. Fix that
You're the worst
You realize that "dangerous sanctuary" is like the ultimate definition of an oxymoron, right?
Philadelphia is safer as a sanctuary city. But you only come here for fancy galas & fundraisers, not to talk to constituents in person.
Philly is safer as a sanctuary city! Come hold a public town hall here and see for yourself!
Funny you talk about it like you know so much about it??? You can't see how dangerous the potus is??? Pathetic
can you share facts on this at your next town hall?
He doesn't have town halls cause he's afraid of the TRUTH & FACTS
I was hungry and you gave me food; I was thirsty and you gave me drink; I was a stranger and you invited me in.- Matthew 25:35
Stay out of Philadelphia Pat. You're too dangerous
Diversion
You are a sick man
What are you doing about all these children that are being killed , not an immigrant amoung them.
https://www.facebook.com/RGOotD/ 
What foreigner was this ?  What are you doing about this that?  Ole' Steve was working on making suppressors legal.
You do not represent us. Nobody likes you. How does that feel? YOU and the Orange Party are dangerous. Go away.
Are you allergic to facts?  Sanctuary cities have been proven to be safer. You should visit one & hold a town hall.
Please tell me how it will stop these terrorists
What about the cities they guys live in ?
Shut up, Pat. You are a disappointment to your position. Hope your constituents act soon to remove you from power!
They Saudi's can cone and go as they please just like th days before 9/11 thanks to #45
Seriously? These people. All part of the dehumanizing of people & women. All non whites are dangerous. I pity your children & mine. #hater
This is a lie. The most dangerous ppl in the US are the white male GOP congressmen writing a bill that is literally kill thousands
Dear Pathetic Pat,

Stop lying. Stop preaching states rights while stripping them away. 

Sincerely,
A constiuent.
Ugh. I can't believe we are stuck with you.  Everything you say makes me cringe.
A person's documentation status and likelyhood of violent crime are not related. Your kind of narrative is debunked.
All this slime ball can do is lie and spread hate #onthetaketoomey
GOP :local control is better unless GOP doesn't like the local decisions. Thus is just thinly veiled racism and blood libel.
Where did your ancestors land on their boat? @AdamBercosky we're all guests to this land
Wrong again, @SenToomey. And cruel again. And rejection of your  self-professed Christian values. Again.  #RefugeesWelcome #SanctuaryCities
The majority of Americans are against everything you do and stand for, you do not have a mandate. Fear is not a policy.
You're dangerous! with all your intention to cut millions loose from health coverage while you sit comfy with a special plan #haveatownhall!
Why don't you do something constructive, like actually MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS?? Then you know what is important to us!
Why don't you just resign. You fail at everything you try to do.
Get out, you racist! PA doesn't need that! You represent us all, not just rich white men. Get on board with your constituents #kochaine
More from the #SpinelessCoward! Stop spreading fears & lies. You wouldn't know about our SC because you stay in the D.C. swamp.
The Coward Toomey sucks on the teat of his tiny base rather than do his job and represent all Pennsylvanians.
Local governments should not be forced to do the work of the Feds. The facts don't support the fear you promote. Vote No #RealPA
Really, you have so much power in your post. You could make life measurably better for actual people with a little compassion and empathy
Working to end the dangerous & wasteful war on drugs is another way you can help, or working to stop the flow of weapons to Central America
Or work to fix any of the thousand policies that contribute to illegal immigration. Make legal immigration / path to citizenship easier!
I humbly submit that a better use of your energy would be funding science, or expanding Medicaid, or reining in the president's war powers
Holy Moly, FAKE NEWS from a politician! #sad #realpa
Just like you did the healthcare 
Toomey is like the Tin Man .  He needs to find his heart.
Sanctuary: a safe place
You are the worst senator we've ever had.
you sound like your beloved fear-mongering leader. pathetic.
You're a bum.
Way to look out for the best interests of Pennsylvania's two biggest population centers. Take their funding away. #SanctuaryCities
Crimes like this with the same results are committed more times by AMERICANS against each other EVERY DAY! Why not address the big picture?
Do you guys even care about statistics that do not support your fear mongering? Do you make up your own to justify yourselves?
You are despicable. You should be working to improve our lives, instead of lining your pockets and following Premier Trumps idiocracy.
Can you have a round table with Mayor @PhillyMayor ,  bob casey and tom wolfe and see if you have a leg to stand on
and what about Philadelphia and Pittsburgh scare you?
You also think trumpcare is a good thing. This isn't Alabama you are done next election. #PittontheleftPhillyontherightalabamainthemiddle
Blue states subsidize the red states and until that changes...SHUT YOUR MOUTH
New York is a lot safer than the world you want to force people to live in. Oh..you don't talk to your constituents, what do you know! Zero!
Remember this? "Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free..."
Its called the City of Brotherly Love... try it some time.18041.
Respectfully disagree with you Mr. Toomey.
What exactly is dangerous about this?
From Fairfield,PA  check the facts When people are afraid of the police, they won't report crimes.There are better ways to deal!
Start with Washington DC
I like sanctuary cities
I am ashamed you are my senator.  Thank God for @SenBobCasey
Pittsburgh will always be a sanctuary city - we still believe in the AMERICA that you and your party of fools have tarnished!
There is no dangerous sanctuary city. Only in your  own pretend world with Trump. You and Trump lie and only care about yourselves.
Another hyperbolic try to get your base  angry at black and brown people. Immigrant crime actually lower than citizen
You're a tool
And what is your ancestry?   Should we be deporting you?
Why Sir-? You actually have some facts this time? NOPE UR lying again-
Sen Toomey you are supported more than represented here my the emotional unintelligent
Try visiting one of the sanctuary cities in your own state! Pittsburgh is eagerly awaiting your presence.
Thank you Sen Toomey! Every city should concentrate on being safe for all American Citizens not special areas for illegal criminals.
Wow, more lies.  I think your big money donors are WAY more dangerous than any sanctuary city.  45 needs 2 send u that rubber stamp, btw.
What danger has this produced? Quite the converse where police attention is diverted from fighting crime to enforcing immigration law.
One of your offices is in a sanctuary city. Oh wait, you're never there doing your job.
The way he lies and toes the party line, I'm beginning to think @SenToomey benefited from Russian hacking. Not even joking. Might explain it
why lately are you tweeting so much? Sanctuary cities keep ppl safe from horrible racist GOP policies.
I can think of so many other important issues, yet you let continued fiddle playing while the world burns. Great job @SenToomey
Constituent in 19446 and couldn't disagree more. The current gun laws are making me feel unsafe!
You all can fix the tax code so people like Trump don't get away with paying 0 in taxes for decades, Big oil taking our tax money, etc.
Not dangerous. Please don't spread falsehoods and propaganda.
I think your states 2 biggest cities ( philly and Pittsburgh) would disagree. But you don't seem to represent us anyway....
Sad you're this misinformed as a Senator.
Glad I'll be canvassing to make sure you never get elected again  Bye
Hey Chicken crap when R U coming to Philadelphia to hold a live town hall meeting?
Do NOT give my info to this Russian lover president!!!
Should rethink that stance, the way you're going you're gonna need a sanctuary city.  Pat, you need to support ACA, $15 MW, Women's Rights
#ToomeysLastTerm
What a putz!
Dangerous? YOU ARE DANGEROUS, u and crazy lunatic henchmen trying to squash what America stands for:
Another policy that you are on the wrong side of. Vote NO on this bill.
I am very concerned about the opioid crisis and living in a city where people can not get help from drug treatment facilities.
Town hall by INVITATION ONLY? Coward !
@TuesdaysToomey  How about coming to one of those cities and facing your constituents? We've been waiting.
Show me proof that immigrants killed more people than our own American citizens have. Then I might agree with you.
Maybe you should go to those cities and ask the people who live and work there, including law enforcement, what they think.
Can you please define "dangerous"? I have never heard that word in association with sanctuary.
No, your health care bill is dangerous, philly is just fine
You forgot to say "Obamacare is a disaster" and reference HRC's emails. Jesus, man. You're just phoning it in ... Weakly.
Hi @SenToomey. I'm doing everything I can to make sure this is your last term.
Best of luck.
Disagree!!
Sanctuary cities have been proven to be safer. What the hell is wrong with you?
Is this your way of saying you're afraid of philly? Come do the town hall in philly. Not Harrisburg.
Where is the danger? Oh from heartless @GOP I get it
All Data shows immigrants help economic growth & lower crime. #Resign you don't represent PA just the Koch brothers
Your constituents are tweeting at you, read them and adjust your perspective
More bs
Get a real job.
Dangerous sanctuary cities, you r what is dangerous. Again go and hide as you were worth more!
wow: Are you low information/data-challenged on everything or is it just anything you talk about?
Another Republican Fear Monger.
Why lie? We have access to facts. Do you want us to think you are incompetent? Stop putting #PartyOverCountry and #PartyOverPA. Thx. 19034
Are they as dangerous as a bunch of rich white men taking healthcare away from 23 million people?
What about working to pass reasonable gun control measures? How many people are killed needlessly each year Senator and still you hide.
Screw the sanctuary cities, what are you going to do with nut in the White House?
States rights! Until you want to federalize local police forces..

W/ witnesses and victims fearing for their lives you empower criminals.
What is dangerous about them: protecting immigrants from ICE.  Parents being taking away from their homes and their children. That's unsafe.
Why are you waging #WARonYourOwnCitizens? @PADems
Open your townhall to all your constituents. Suppressing dissent is suppressing democracy.
Ain't gonna happen. Republicans can no longer function unless they are behind closed doors.
Sooo the fact that sanctuary cities have LESS crime makes them MORE dangerous? Apparently I need to brush up on my vocabulary 
"Dangerous"
Why don't you come visit us in Philly for a town hall meeting? We're your constituents too. Maybe our ideas should matter to you.
This is the worst kind of pandering. Can't wait until you run again - getting ready for the fight now
Sanctuary cities have lower crime rates. Do you want them to be more dangerous? When will u be coming to #philly to visit those u represent?
Dangerous? Please elaborate.
Just shut up.
You know that it's more dangerous when immigrant communities are afraid to call police for fear that they will trigger deportations?
Support sanctuary cities! They help us all be safer and stronger. #sanctuaryeverywhere
You have 2 sanctuary cities you are supposed to be representing. How about you represent ALL your constituents. #youdontrepresentmeinPA
For your info, this is a sanctuary country!
You my friend are a Fraud and a Hypocrite!!!
why don’t you ask the people who live in these cities if we think they’re dangerous?
It doesn't matter what you think.  Follow the law of the land.
The only thing dangerous currently in this country are the men like you that are very Trumpesque.
You get chauffeured N2 Philly 2  station WTF do U know about sanctuary!?  I suggest a town hall in 1, you know, so U can C we R not afraid.
Wish they'd work on fixing their dangerous health care bill. Hope Senate listens to the people (17% approval for your bill, sir).
Heartless..
I never should have followed you--finding out that I disagree with you on virtually every topic. And they call you a moderate?
I am PROUD to live in Philadelphia, a sanctuary city where love trumps hate.
The staffers who keep up your Twitter account should be ashamed of themselves. What a morally bankrupt man to work for.
End sanctuary cities!!! All cities and all states should have to follow and abide by federal law!! DEFUND THEM
Thanks! Now you need to educate on the difference between a legal immigrant and one that is here unlawfully. Lots of cluelessness on that.
Sanctuary cities are not dangerous. Stop spreading fake news.
And just how are they dangerous? Count me as another PA resident who likes sanctuary cities just fine.
