Senator Toomey's staffer told me he's holding a town hall in August. What did he mean?
Hey @NBCPhiladelphia @6abc want to report on how our senator is lying to his constituents? He's told this to many people..still no town hall
@HessicaGonzalez 
Why is so scared to meet with us? We're good people #realPA deserves it. If he can't back up his decisions, maybe he needs to rethink things
My husband served our country. Every generation has done so on North American soil since King Phillips War. War is not a joke, not to be ...
used as a distraction.  These are real people, not chess pieces used for political gain. Your support for this is appalling. #Shame
More war. That is all the GOP knows.  Senator, how would you feel if this was your child?  Would you still support 45 and his non-plan?
It's how they rally support. Numbers always go up with some kind of military action.
I know, standard operating procedures. It ticks me off because they are a one trick pony.
But everyone loves a pony.

We formed #FlyingMemorials with the primary mission of raising money for charities representing all five branches of svc

#USSJFKtoChesterPA
We have been lobbying to bring the Aircraft Carrier CV-67 #USSJFKtoChesterPA

Merging our aircraft build projects w/ CAP, STEM & ROTC
At a town hall we could talk about our feelings on this neverending war.
No matter how many wars, we will not be distracted. Trumpcare, Trump Russia, Charlottesville, White Supremacy, so on and so forth.
And so it begins
FYI:While you're busy tryin2get decades worth of TaxCuts4TheWealthy b4 impeachment, Americans are dying #DoYourJob
Waiting for town hall.
Godspeed? We should wish they were not being deployed at all especially by an inept "Commander in Chief". #RealPA When's the town hall?
Shame on you! You should be protecting our Guardsmen, not sacrificing them to the longest war in our history. @SenBobCasey @RepBrianFitz
Defend our transgender troops!  They are being crucified by a racist homophobic "president"!
Lots of precious natural resources in Afghanistan. This war porn needs to end.
This is awful...how many of these young people will die--for what!! The more we are at war in the Middle East, the less safe we are.
We don't need to be deploying the national guard to this morass.  Bring them home; bring my coworker home.  There's work to be done here.
Godspeed? What does that mean? How about "God Bless" or "Good Luck"? You're a specious, superficial, shallow, out-of-touch little white man.
I thought #45 said we were getting out of Afganistan when he became president, oh just another lie.
Bring these kids home and put them to work on our crumbling infrastructure.
They should send you too. Then maybe you wouldn't be so quick to support the Nut Job we have in our WH.
Toomey whiffs once again on saying anything substantive on current issues, tacitly condones Trump's bigoted move.
Sent there to support a failing president and his fascist agenda. God keep them save, true brave Americans
Why are we sending our Nat Guard to Afghanistan? This is not right. #nomorewar
I heard that you like dirty money.  https://t.co/BItMhrIYGi?amp=1
We are waiting for a Town Hall so you can reclaim your missing spine.
Be safe
Best wishes for a safe return of all the soldiers. Shame on you for supporting a deranged, unhinged individual for deploying these soldiers.
yeap  Republicans  LOVE WAR, It's  big  business 
 from a burned out shell of a voter.
Lucky bastards! They get to get far away from you! Idea: you go, they stay. Win win for all.
No skin in the game for this Trump bobblehead! Pat, do you have the American flag lapel pin on? Wow, a sign of a true patriot, LOL!
16 years in Afghanistan is long enough. Time to move troops out. When will you speak up for Americans and not your political agenda?
Why National Guard? Where is oversight? How can you support unstable, incompetent #POTUS without question?
Build that Wall! Build that Wall! Build that Wall! 
Promises made promises broken. Better healthcare..na, ISIS defeated...na, Tax reform..na
YOUR president has committed us forever. He made no significant change to policy but to make it worse. You should be ashamed of your pres
Why the National Guard?  Why not regular army?
I wish they were not going. No clear plan, no exit strategy,we will be a permanent occupying force in a foreign land. Stay safe, be careful.
Town hall date?
R we at war with Eurasia or Eastasia
You have failed and embarrassed PA. Resign
Local White Boys going to Afghanistan.  Get ready for a lot of PA body bags.
When will you express concerns about Drumpf 's ability to be CIC? You will be held accountable when this nightmare is over.
Since I have multiple OEF tours, I'll ask for you:
1st: why we're still using NG units overseas after 16 years?
2nd: where's the new AUMF?
I'm waiting for our town hall here in Havertown
Senator,  if you had ever served in the military you would be upset to see these men going into harm's way without a plan.
Their lives are on you
Oh. Town hall in #philly ? #visitphilly #PhillyisCharlottesville #PhilliesTalk
How many more will we send.  This war  has been waged for  16! years.
Johnstown PA Charlie Co Airmen: Be smart, Stay safe, Come home. We'll be waiting.
Is this the first time you realize we have troops overseas. Twitting a lot worried about election. Support Trump and no more worries.

Be sure to support our POTUS!
We need to end this war. We've sacrificed enough young people to it.
Yes, Godspeed. It would be great if they had an honorable commander in chief who cared about them. #impeachtrump
I'd love to discuss Afghanistan with you at a town hall in Pgh - 15218  #IfWishesWereHorses
Sending more brave men & women to an endless war. Why? For how long? There is no winning here. 

P.S. When is your town hall?
We don't have money for HC or programs to help people out, but we can send thousands to an unwinnable war? Sacrificing lives, for what?
Somebody has to support the military industrial complex! 
Exactly.
Why are we sending more and more of our sons and daughters over to potentially die in battle? Bring our troops home!
We've been doing this too long. Why aren't we using diplomacy? Oh yea, we haven't staffed State Department! Do something
What is the plan to end these wars. Co-equal branch should know.
Shameful.  This guy shouldn't have to risk his life so defense contractors can turn a profit
You like this Obama Afghanistan 2.0 strategy now, yeah?
