When will your office answer the phone.  If you have any human feeling for your voters - vote against Trumpcare
did you explain that their educations are in peril because the money was more important than doing the right thing with Devos?
Show up for a town hall meeting
Allentown would like to talk to You!
#toomeynoshow
#TuesdayswithToomey
It's like a mini-town hall. Except totally different.  

Face your constituents.
and that;s the only age group that you are not afraid to meet with,,,,face to face....what a farkin goof
As much as I may disagree with Senator Grassley, I respect that he takes pride in, and places importance on meeting constituents
So you have to be a non-voting child to actually see you.
Well it's not an inane tweet about a great meeting/discussion all while rubber stamp approving things to hurt your constituents
VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE!!  WE ARE WATCHING!!
Did you tell them how you plan to cut funding for the national endowment of the arts ??
What is your stand on the Healthcare bill.
He's up to 13 people at a time. Just might be a record
did you tell them that you plan to kick 24 million off of health insurance & raise costs on their grannies? #ACA
Add to that the removal of funds for the NEA
YOU MEAN NATIONAL ?
When you go inside maybe you could vote against the bill that allows media companies to sell my browsing history without consent.
My zip:19010.Please don't repeal the ACA. It would kick 24 million ppl off healthcare, including me and my husband. Health = Life
Do they know you voted to allow baby wolves and bears to be shot from the air and hibernating in their dens?
Notice you haven't made stmt abt healthcare bill in usual craven fashion. Thoughts on Gorsuch nom as FBI investigates Trump?
these pictures are nonsense. I can take pics with friends and still vote to allow the killing of wildlife
Show up in Allentown for a town hall
.@SenToomey @WexfordDance - when's your Pittsburgh town hall Pat???
I  agree. Joe would do what is best for the people of PA, not just what the party tells him to do.
Too bad you won't meet with your constituents from Philadelphia.
Town Hall?  Oh...no...
Enough with the photo ops.  Fight for health care like you were hired to do! Your days in office are numbered!
hey thanks for having constituents locked up for trying to see you/ in general being a coward. Missed you at St Pat's parades
He's gonna miss it all for a while. Eventually he'll just be a taint on the wall of nobodies.
YOU OWE US TOWN HALLS
Why bother? He has nothing useful to say. It's not like he actually cares about others, only himself.
Your Yea on H.J. 57/58, now law, hurts those kids education. Tx 2 U, Good teachers & effective teaching is optional
did you at least tell them why $60k means more than their future?
You best be voting NO on this bullshit healthcare bill. noone is buying. we want overhaul. Not a rebranding of ACA. Be a leader
since when do friends support men that take away their healthcare and quality education opportunities?
When will you meet with actual VOTERS?! Did you tell them how you support a racist homophobic misogynistic traitor? Good times.
Hmm! Apparently they saw you before you saw them. You didn't even get time to run.
crawl back in to your hole.
As a PA voting resident it's incredible you've nothing of substance to say given what's going on in our country.
Do not confirm AHCA OR Gorsuch
We'd love to be able to thank you for holding an in-person #ToomeyTownHall in #Philly. Still waiting. #RealPA
I hope you told them how you feel they don't deserve a lunch at school.  Or a school at all, really.
RyanTrumpLackOfCare:  People hate it. AARP, AMA, and health insurance companies hate it. Some GOP governors hate it. Vote NO.
Did they thank you for destroying their clean air, their clean water, and their hope for a job? #ImpeachTrump
Like... who in PA voted for Pat and if it's any of you that are currently yelling at him daily..... why lol
I know the race was close, but I didn't vote for him, so I just want some clarification I guess
here are some Toomey Regrets for you
As we head into a contentious week, I hope @SenToomey @sk5395 & staffers are aware of #RealPA  “Toomey Regrets”
Well I mean that's my point, maybe... they shouldn't have voted for him at all
Stand up to trump, please.
Toomey, why aren't you doing anything about the Russian puppet in the White House?  Are you a Russian puppet too?
We are stuck with you for six years but we are going to make your political life miserable!
did you tell them once they're old enough to vote you won't care what they think or that Russia bought Trump?
seriously? You'd vote to cut the arts and have the nerve to abuse these young artists for photo?shame on you!
Did you explain to them the importance of zeroing out federal funding for after school programs? #somanyquestions
"Now get off my steps, I need to cut the arts for another bomber the air-force didn't ask for!"
did you tell them you're too cowardly to halt Trump's agenda pending Russian investigation?
Stop DJT There should be no governing until Trump/Russia ties are investigated by a independent council
Pat! You're alive!! We've been frantic, man! Were you kidnaped?
@SenBobCasey @WexfordDance must be nice to be a Senator Toomey and be oblivious to what is going on in DC
vote NO on trumpcare.....16508 here and  a voter
We'd love to see you in Pittsburgh. You have that new office to visit! PGH town hall like your colleague soon?!?
say No to Trumpcare!!! That is more important then photo ops
Did you explain how if they go to public school, you screwed them over $60K? Would love to have heard THAT conversation.
Your constituents wouldn't be so irritated by photo ops if you'd just come home and discuss the issues.
Awesome!! America 1st!
WE NEED TO SPEAK WITH YOU IN PITTSBURGH@POTUS  IS A CRIMINAL
Cute but let's be clear... This does NOT count as a townhall meeting!
maybe they could perform at your next town hall event
Quit hiding down in Washington and get home and hold at town hall meeting. Don't be a coward.
how about a town hall meeting?
Do we need to learn to dance to get you to meet with your constituents? My tango sucks. #DoYourJob
planning a trip to DC. Could we stop by? Our group is @CowardToomeyDance. We are voting age adults who dance on Tuesdays in PA.
but not constituents .. my goodness, you have no idea what side your bread is buttered on...

How 'bout visiting with the rest of your constituents in Pa? #fail
oh so we have to go to the Capitol to get your attention?? Do a townhall!!
Town halls not photo ops!
Did you tell the youngsters you would be dancing on their graves with drug company money as the GOP pollute at will
.@SenToomey no statements on the major issues & no meetings with constituents. Glad to see your priorities are in order. #spineless  #coward
But you won't hold town halls for you constituents.
Good for the kids--hope they enjoyed their trip. Now how about coming back to PA and holding a town hall?
Stock market betting on GOP bill to ban funds from fed.level4medicare?
Publicity pics mean zero 2 us. LISTEN! Vote NO TrumpCare bill. While at it, work 4 independent investigation of Trump & Russia.
and while you at it launch investigation into CNN and donna brazile for colusion with Hillary Campaign. #MAGA
Did you explain to them why you voted for DeVos? Or why you think they shouldn't have health ins? Or why you want to kill Elmo?
ELMO NEEDS A JOB
MR TRUMP ! HIRE HIM !
Is @WexfordDance your idea of facing your constituents?
.@SenToomey Thanks to you...for nothing. You're supporting a bill even less popular than Trump. People in PA will die because of you.
I wonder how you would explain to all those young women why you continue to rubber stamp President "Grab Her By The " and vote to defund PP
Here are two more adorable constituents you're voting against
@SenToomey Showing our support for #TuesdaysWithToomey from home! #SaveACA #realPA #realkidsPA @TuesdaysToomey 

Trump margin in PA in 2016: 44,000. Pennsylvanians who’d lose Medicaid if ACA repealed: 670,000.
@SenToomey's margin of victory: 36K votes. You do the math, senator.
The only math @SenToomey knows is "$60,050 = my vote"
hey Patty! Why don't you woman-up and hold a townhall. We have some questions for you.
