What do you expect when Republican'ts sabotage and stonewall? Cowards.
You presented a repeal ACA to obama & he vetoed it. Recall it back to repeal Obamacare
Mitch, there are 100 senators!  44 gone, time to govern.  @SenBobCasey @Sen_JoeManchin have ideas too.  Bipartisan ACA fix needed!
Open hearings, bipartisan ideas needed.  If you only talk to majority in Sen., you will not represent the majority that did not vote Trump.
Are you purposely trying to lose to the Senate to the Dimms? Get on with the ObamaCare repeal. @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
high costs of pharmaceuticals partly to blame. Can't we negotiate drug prices as other countries do?You get contributions from drug makers?
Not true
What are you doing about it. Why don't you admit insurance companies are the problem not ACA
I know those who have supported you up until this week. Now they are leaving GOP to be democrats. Thanks for the help of ditching you.
Anything for that big tax break to 1% 's
THANKS 2 U AND THE OTHER IGNORANT "REPS OF THE PEOPLE" WHO STOPPED THE FUNDING!!! LIE WITHOUT BEING A HOLSTER FOR hump..CROOKED McCONNELL
Stop misleading people. That only affects the 6% receiving care through the exchanges. Ask ur insurance co friends about that
Now about a that idiot in the WH. Russians in the Oval Office? Did you know they were invited? Bigger issues with a traitor in the WH.
#ICYMI Trump obstructed justice when he asked #Comey to end his investigation into Flynn. Time to #impeachTrump. #trumprussia #russiagate
#ICYMI we're in the midst of a major national crisis and McConnell is talking about taking healthcare away from millions & tax breaks?
Hey @PatToomey and Turtle Boy, Lancaster County called. They said the smell of bullshit coming off this is too much for even them to bear
But then, whenever McConnell opens his mouth bullshit falls out.
And what about the 800% increase for low income seniors the AHCA bill will cause as predicted by the CBO report today? #AHCA #CBOscore
The ACA needed a public option, which Lieberman killed. This is NOT a healthcare bill. It takes care away & gives tax breaks to rich. Not ok
You're right time for single-payer.
https://www.facebook.com/actdottv/videos/631703283686908/ …
So work at fixing what's already there, not starting over. Have you had any committees? Met with industry heads? Or just dream it up?
So why don't you fix and fund the ACA. It's what the people want. #AHCAsucks @GOP = #GreedOverPeople
Why are you concerned about PA. I thought you were my Senator in KY. My husband & son will lose insurance b/c of preexisting conditions.
@SenToomey Sadly your healthcare bill is even worse for those of us sole proprietors aged 60-64.
Stop trying 2disembowel #ACA. Failure 2 promote &support it in PA caused it-So disengenous senators. Promote it &healthy will sign up again.
Yes but my subsidy also went up to cover the increase. Fix the ACA. And how the hell do you justify these numbers?:
I can't afford this "non-insurance" (high deductibles) now. Paying more than my mortgage 4 something mostly unusable!  TY NWO NOBAMACARE!
So, Obama personally raised the cost of premiums? Or the billionaire  CEO's of ins co's pulled out b/c of GOP promise for huge tax cuts (?)
@SenToomey That's because the GOP, @SecPriceMD is sabotaging the ACA causing instability in the insurance market. Huge GOPFAIL
And the looney left doesn't have an issue with this!    Reason is, of course, let the working class pay for all the freebies
Your last name speaks for your tweet. Pure crap.
Racist!   . I love the meltdown, you guys are pathetic.  Give it up already.
And what would it be without the ACA?
Single payer would cure this issue, if insurance companies don't want to sell ins to citizens.
The insurance companies then increased premiums to recover costs or dropped out of exchanges.
Is this because of the 2014 bill passed by GOP that reneged on promised $ to insurance companies to cover high risk pools?
Sit down sir! You got bigger fish to fry #AmericanNightmare #TrumpRussia #bullshitman
Worry about your own single payer is the answer not tax credits
Mine went up 8 percent... last year. It isn't perfect so let's fix it not destroy it. The 50 percent is a lie.
Update the Affordable Care Act. Businesses <50 employees need subsides. Higher paying wages would help with increases. What's your priority?
The fix it, not repeal and destroy healthcare for MILLIONS. And don't give rich a huge tax break. #crazyinWhiteHouse
Oh for God's sake wake up and grow a set and confront the Trump issues!
Well then fix it!

FIX IT don't REPEAL IT
SINGLE PAYER NOW
STOP GIVING IT AWAY TO YOUR CRONIES
When will the republicans stop allowing the Insurance companies to hold the American citizens hostage. Single Payer should stop the bleeding
Gee, if only 8 years of obstruction were better spent shoring up the law instead of trying to kill it. Stupid turtle.
Because of you and your cronies the insurance companies. They are to blame not the ACA. Get it dude everyone is now becoming aware.
Keep tweeting but that will not bury the obstruction story.  @gop @SenateMajLdr = @realDonaldTrump . Lemmings
Fix it, you have the ball.
@SenToomey and after your support for Trump, why the fuck should we trust you with ANYTHING
@SenToomey What are the projections without Obamacare? What about the uninsured rate?
Where did you get these "facts", I don't see anything to back up your facts, so I'm calling Bullshit !!!
How many people will be kicked off?
Words from lying Mitch. .  
How many people are going to lose insurance in PA  under Trumpcare?Tell me those numbers. How much will it go up
This PA resident says come up with something that works before repeal or MANY PA residents will LOSE insurance.
Repealing it without something real in place will do MORE harm.
And under the AHCA premiums will continue to rise, especially for the elderly. How about you actually fix that?
I also have just one choice with my employer.  Would you say that my company is failing me because I have just 1 choice of insurer?
Oh @SenToomey do you just follow like a duck
My premiums increased more than 200% before Obama care was enacted. Stop defending corporate profits over individuals' health
#ICYMI: Simple solution is #MedicareForAll. The UK spends half of what we do on #HealthCare, and gets better results. #WhatAreYouWaitingFor?
This is disingenuous.  I know of two counties that have had a single insurer or monopoly since well before O-care.  Take a look at GHP.
You are a liar.
SO Y DON'T U TRY TO FIX IT INSTEAD OF CALLING U'R MASSIVE TAX CUT 4 THE WEALTHY A HEALTHCARE BILL. I AM SICK OF HIS LAUGH AT CURRENT EVENTS.
Do your job!  #Impeach45 #Russiagate #lasttermforrepublicans
Majority in congress. Results - no healthcare, no tax cuts, no stricter immigration, no wall =BYE-BYE
OBSTRUCTIONIST! We'll be coming after you next election
What were premiums before the ACA and how many were uninsured? Your bill will kill people. Fix the ACA.
That's why we need single payer.  Assuring everyone has care should be your priority, not a tax break for the wealthy.
Doesn't matter when we are all dead from not getting healthcare from your plan.
@SenToomey hey pat toomey PA hates you
Why not give us the same healthcare that congress has??
So fund and fix the ACA. House Trumpcare bill (AHCA) will be worse, and you all know it. #Obamacare #McConnell
Just waiting for a dying person to show you what life and death means Hopefully the death of GOP and the removal of GOP from Washington
why aren't you fixing the ACA? Healthcare is basic human right,but all we seem to get from you all is tax cuts for rich? Are we Pennsltucky?
Your tweet does not contain the phrase "Impeach Trump," @SenToomey. Try again.
@SenToomey because Rubio remove the risk corridors & that is why premiums increased dramatically! Stop lying to Americans! 
Hilarious, there's talk about impeachment on the House floor, and you're attempting to smokescreen PA. cc: @SenBobCasey
So the solution to high premiums is to drop the insurance altogether for millions of people. Good thinking. 
Do the smart thing and fix it. It's like wanting to add a deck to a house and knocking the whole house down and stating over from scratch.
Meanwhile the uninsured rate is lower than it has ever been. Many people have their costs lowered thanks to financial assistance.
"Medicare for all" would fix that.
Universal coverage.  Greatly reduced overhead. 

AHCA is deadly.  

What about Russia? Trump? Treason?
Fake news!!!! Obamacare remains the law of the land. You just can't STAND being on the song side of history. You, too, will be gone soon!!!
And the number of people that won't have access to insurance at all will more than quadruple.  Fix the existing system,
Time to put America first, name a special prosecutor to investigate all things #RUSSIAN Mitch and Pat need to do their jobs defend democracy
And it will get worse under #AHCA. Resign and let someone who cares for all Americans run the Senate.
Hey Pat, you nailed it!  This is why so many people hate Obamacare..because it is not single payer. Ins. Co's are seeking profits over care!
You are nothing but a GOP hack You & Ryan have sold your tiny, black souls.  This is all about tax cut for the wealthy.
#singlepayer #publicoption
Well that is because of provisions demanded by the GOP to pass the ACA, so this is your doing. 

When are you going to investigate Trump?
FIX IT.   No need to replace
ICYMI having a public option would increase competition & choice. Or you cld actually require insurance cos to participate in broad regions
and these are only shitty market-based solutions to a shitty right-wing health care plan in the first place. Single-payer, my man.
While the @AmericanHealthCatastropheAct, aka Trumpcare, will obliterate health care for tens of thousands in PA. Very, very bigly sad.
Yeah, so fix *that* problem and don’t kill the ACA like the people you *literally* will if you pass the AHCA.
Single Payer!  Great idea, thanks Senators Toomey and McConnell!
Instead of focusing on repeal these last 7 yrs, you could have fixed it! Too much work for you or just lack of ability?
That's great but your plan doesn't help anyone who actually needs health insurance. It's a bad plan created to deceive
and they will go higher for many with trumpcare so ...what's ur point oh and btw #Russia #Russians #russiagate #Russia #Russians #Russians
You have spent years sabotaging the ACA trying to make premiums increase so that you can take health ins away from us. Shame on you.
You sir, are a total fraud.
Have any premiums data from 2009-2016? Or anything relevant to when you weren't dismantling the ACA
Mainly because of Republican surliness.
You had years to fix this, and sat on it. This isn't the issue, it's our inept pres giving out secrets and stifling the FBI investigation.
Fix it, don't break it. Oh yeah, and give your cronies a fat tax break while your at it. Single payer looking better each day.
Find a bipartisan solution.  This country is split down the middle.  That makes it even more important for bipartisanship in Congress.
I'm glad you continue to push your partisan agenda rather than address the crisis in the White House. As usual, power > patriotism
Worry about our national security or no one will need healthcare! IMPEACH NOW
America hates you, Mitch.
It's time you do your job like you promised McConnell
Americans support Trump, Congress must stay focused on AHCA & tax reform
I from PA...love obamacare ! Keep yur hands off....IMPEACH the MOBSTER FIRST>  YU will be compilcit !!
78%  of America would like to see you increase your interest in getting your Senate investigation moving into Traitor Trump. Do your job.
The president confessed to treason. Act
If you think for one moment @realDonaldTrump overshadows your evil with his ignorant danger, think again. We see you. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Why are you so happy about this?
Who do you pay to create these deceiving charts, or do you create them yourself, which would be amazing that you have such skills. Sad
Not only are you a traitor to our country, you've been a traitor to my state for 30+ years now.
Compared to no insurance before ACA
Ignoring the issues with Trump, in my mind, makes you a collaborator. You will be seen as guilty as he is one day.
Hey! Look at this sweet meme that proves nothing! It lacks context and sources! I wonder how many morons will buy it??
here's a cool number. 78% of americans support an independent investigation of trump's ties to russia. your constituents....
you actually have a job, and it's representing the people that elected you...
These republicans have no alliegence to anything but themselves and their small fake news lives. Fox and GOPTP are the birthers of fake news
Your fault, you and other #GOPathetic so-called "reps" of the people. Screw the little guy as long as you get yours, right? 2018=the end.
This is a taking point.  You broke it by not funding risk corridors.  You have had 6 years of control to  work bipartisan fix, now you whine
I love how you give half the story. What is impact on premiums after subsidies which, unlike Trump, are targeted towards low income people?
You do realize, your bragging about how bad ACA is, is actually showing how badly you're doing your job, & hurting citizens.
SINGLE PAYER NOW get ride of the insurance companies
You're an immoral liar who'll cause more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPDestroyingAmerica
Nice try Mcturtle. He outsmarted you!
History will remember your silence and your support of party over people.
Independent Investigation Now
Healthcare pales compared to more serious issue of Trump's attempts & threats to influence the Russian investigation! GOP needs to act now!
So McConnell Care will give them more choices and bring the cost down!!
Are you going to tweet what the increases would be under your new plan?
I wonder what level of Hell you might find yourself in Dante's Inferno, if he were around today.
Judas sold Jesus for 30 pieces of silver, but you got quite a bit more for selling out America, didn't you?
#Obamacare ??
If you refuse to support American democratic values
Then #resign and #MoveToRussia
You're a sorry partisan hack! You placed party over country for 8 years & now you're supporting this irrational disaster of a president SAD
Banana Republican
#TRUMPRUSSIA #THERESISTANCE
#IMPEACHTRUMP
#COMPLICIT 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#THERESISTANCE 
#IMPEACHTRUMP 
#COMPLICIT 
#TRUMPRUSSIA #THERESISTANCE
REPAIR, not repeal
Because you and the GOP are undermining it, putting party before country.  Shame!!
#TrumpRussia 
One insurer who accepts people with preexisiting conditions is better than a 100 who don't.
Pass AHCA & tax reform, follow Trump's lead Americans are watching
You are kidding right?
Try multi-tasking. Push Trump out of office while you're pushing bad healthcare policy. The good first will balance the bad second.
Lock Trump up!!!
What was the percentage before #Obamacare?  Your "solution" (#AHCA) only worsens this issue, kicks people off their coverage. Not a solution
Stick to your guns, Mitch! Your party is going up in flames, but by golly you're going to keep undermining the ACA come hell or highwater!
Yes and they have insurance. Your access and choice is not insurance. You are an evil man living in the 1950s.  Repeal and Replace McConnell
You need to resign!
Do your damn job or get your butt out of office!
You have never done what's right for USA and definitely failing NOW!
The Republican Wyoming has always had only one insurance company, Blue Cross Blue Shield even before Obama Care.. so,  what about it.
Thanks to GOP sabotage and collusion with the Insurance companies.

Mitch thanks for the update now get off your a_ _ and do something about it

They don't want the Coal miners preexisting conditions. Single payer, universal healthcare is needed. Not the #RyanCare crap being promoted
#ICYMI, "Leader" McConnell, at the moment we have bigger problems. A few hints: trump, obstruction,lying, Russia. Focus on the REAL problem!
U forget about how government allowed big ins co. to buy other ins co. So there would only be 1 option & let them charge whatever they want.
Where are you when our democracy is under attack? You believe Traitor in Chief before your own intellegence bureaus? When is enough, enough?
i don't understand why you are so insistent on giving a tax cut to the wealthy by taking away people's insurance. #wealthcare
Why is the GOP silent on IMPEACHMENT?  

The country is watching. We expect to come before politics.
Not true, Pennsylvania is doing fine with the ACA!
Take a quick sec from ruining our healthcare system and focus on Trump and Russia.  #obstructionofjustice
You really should be ashamed of yourself.
