This bill keeps the age tax meaning if you are over 50 you (or your employer) will have up to 5x higher premiums for your coverage!
so by reform you mean undermine and destroy....  It might be worthwhile trying to understand healthcare in the US before you act
Your plan to reform it kicks millions of people off health insurance. CBO score proves this.
Not if you don't try to constantly cut revenue by cutting taxes on the rich!
YOU ARE A LIAR! If there's not enough money how does it help to raid Medicaid to give tax cuts to billionaires? It doesn't & you are a liar!
You are so spinning http://the.health  care bill. Medicaid WILL be cut and eventually stopped altogether.
So let's talk about real reforms.  Broad cuts do not lead to reforms.  It just hurts people (who happen to be sick and poor)
#savemedicaid #boteno #donoharm
It would be if you funded it. Faux news is not a credible source!!
Your so out of touch w those u claim to rep. Stop voting party lines and do what the ppl of PA. Voting prty lines provs u have no guts
Stop stealing from it and it will be fine.
Your bill is NOT the answer. Please go back to the drawing board...and involve the Dems this time. Thank you.
Senate bill, Medicaid expansion would be rolled back over the next 6 years. By 2020, no new enrollees would be able to join under expansion
Nothing in Fox News is newsworthy! #fakenews
It is IF conservatives would be willing to have people pay for what people want! It is a LIE that we can have something for nothing!
You honestly believe that you have any credibility left?  And then you refer us to Fox?  Don't lobby us!
Oops. What you meant to say was "I'm kicking people off of Medicaid so that my rich out-of-state donors get tax breaks they don't deserve."
The Republicans act like older people are burdens to be killed off by excessive expense in 50's & 60's & no nursing home care when very old.
All I hear is cut cut  ...give give to the wealthy.  Why not work on the core issues of medical costs like exorbitant drug costs.
You're taking away the social safety net for the poorest Americans to fund a tax cut for the wealthiest. Shame on you.
Then reform it, don't destroy it. Depriving millions of healthcare in order to provide millions in tax cuts to your donors is unacceptable
Then stop taking money away from it to give to the rich @SenToomey

$800 billion in cuts does not "strengthen" Medicaid. Why are you, McConnell, and Ryan so intent on this cruel bill? Who specifically wins?
Why don't you hold another invitation only town hall.
Toomey, this proves what a coward you are...yet another Trump enabler
@SenToomey Maybe we should reform you and your 12 old white buddies making decisions about healthcare esp women and children
Better cap the number of poor people, homeless, seniors in nursing homes & babies born addicted.  Good luck with that!
It would be sustainable if wealthy, proportionately paid more taxes.
I hope people enjoy the blood money from tax cuts derived from throwing people off healthcare and letting them die.
We all agree something needs to be done to "fix" healthcare. Gutting it is not the something
yes it does/and so does SS but the Republicans can never see tax increases no matter what-they have the KANSAS mentality-look where that is
So the bill is out today for us to see- no tweets from you to tell us how wrong we've been? Shocked! #SpinelessCoward your #PinkSlipIsComing
Can we take a good look at our military spending ? I bet we could divert some of that money over to Medicaid. Let's talk about it at THM
Improve do not eliminate services in ACA do the right thing for the people-no limits!
The deliberately misleading statements from the @WhiteHouse on Medicaid are now accompanied by a deliberately misleading report.
Health insurance must be attainable by everyone not just you and your rich friends!! You want to kill poor people!!
Yes and to do it ethically we must also take a look at the cost and practices of the pharmaceutical companies.
You lost  me at Fox News. Still hoping you do what's right for PA and USA.

You need to do better then fox fake news !
Do believe @POTUS only knew about his son/kushner meeting w/ Russia bc of fake @nytimes reporting about emails? Why wouldn't they tell him?
Pay for everyone's care via existing taxes/surcharges + existing payroll tax & er contributns like deductions we pay now for health ins.
Costs more to leave poor ppl with no health ins than to cover everyone.
Healthcare is not welfare. It is a right whether you are poor, old, young, employed, sick or healthy. Whether you can afford it or not.
killing off Pennsylvanians by denying them health care doesn't count as reform. Medicare for all? you'd actually get my support.
Medicaid must be EXPANDED in every state for our economy to be sustainable. Get everyone covered to help reduce overall cost of HEALTHCARE.
Leave ACA (tweek permissible) alone or plan on loosing you senate seat in next election. CC: @senategop
How about passing a living wage law to sustain Medicaid? Fewer people would need it! You can't make folks healthy by cutting Medicaid!
1.2 MILLION Pennsylvanians will lose access to health care! This is not acceptable!
Why are you so afraid of your constituents? This is not the way to reform Medicaid Sen. Toomey.
There is more than one way to solve a problem. America is a rich country with a huge budget, you can do better.
How about raising taxes on the rich- then Medicaid will be sustainable- why is your answer always to deny and hurt the people that need it ?
Yo Senator, we want Single Payer! Now go get it done.
Stay away from fake fos news.

Why do you Republicans constantly promote Fox news? How about meeting the people you represent for a change.
You want states to pay "fair share" Medicaid? PA cant even pay for good schools! Where $ come from? You?
You lie.  Medicaid is not the problem.  You, wanting to kill hundreds of thousands of Pennsylvanians, are the problem.
No it doesn't! Medicaid was solvent under Clinton and when bush 2 came to power he cut taxes that kept it solvent so reinstitute the taxes
You and Cornyn are a special breed, Pat. CBO and experts explain how you'll kill millions and you just yap louder for tax cuts.
That's BS. You are giving major tax cuts and allocating funds to other things. The money is there. Medicaid  recipients are not priority.
#wrong #lyingtoomey face your constituency
No. If you weren't so obsessed with giving the rich tax breaks they don't need, we'd be able to care for more poor folks.
We will mobilse to vote you out if you vote for this #TaxCuts for the rich at the expense of 20M poor on Medicaid (17025)
Why not listen to the people who need this and stop listening to the government officials and rich elites who want a tax break
Lies
fox is not news. So disappointed in you-you cannot see that your priorities are wrong.  Of course needs reform if you give tax cuts 2 the 1%
End result of #BCRA will reduce coverage and you know it. Keep Pennsylvanians covered!
Medicaid is sustainable. Tax relief gir the wealthy who don't need it is not.
Let's discuss #essentialhealthbenefits and #lifetimecaps
If this is so great, why does every medical group hate it? No one wants this death care bill. No one. #SaveACA  #SaveMedicaid
@SenToomey You do understand that "per capita" refers to living human beings, right? Please try to keep that in mind. 18974
How many more ways can the poor and most vulnerable be screwed in the name of tax breaks for you and your donors? Shameful!

Shame on you Pat Toomey giving money to the rich at the expense of tha poor, sick and elderly.  Poorly done Pat. SAD!
Total Hypocrite who I'm totally embarrassed to have as MY Senator - the next time you listen to YOUR constituents will be the first time!!
Let's discuss!  Have a real time, live town meeting. Note to self. Cut Medicaid for millions & give rich tax cuts. Problem solved
Yes, but not eliminated!  Review and reform the ACA is the logical and humane course.  You can lead in this effort!
Reform the tax code that has millionaires like you pay less than their fair share and we could pay for EVERYONE'S health care!
Hmmm, we need townhall no one here agrees with that story line
If you stopped giving tax cuts to those who don't need it this would not be a problem for you
Sen. Toomey bases his advocacy on white trash news... Biased garbage!  Call us when its the Congressional Budget Office,,, #Trumpcare
@SenToomey is in his safe space on Fox. Hard hitting journalism right there. I'm sure they will ask the tough questions.
You must be replaced.
What would make it more sustainable is more funding, not less. People over profits, Mr. Toomey.
Vote NO ... 19462
No thanks, I prefer actual news, not alternative facts spun a specific way so you look less heartless than what you really are.
Or we could reduce our exorbitant military spending and tax capital gains as ordinary income. A better idea than yours. #wheresToomey
Amazing how you represent The Club for Growth but NOT  the constituents you swore to represent
If we cant affford Medicaid, why pair reform w/ a tax cut? Why can Europe afford care for all but not us? Seriously trying to understand.
Sure just throw millions off of Medicaid, who gives a shit right? U and ur elitists attitude is what's destroying this country!
No thank you. I'd rather you have an in person town hall. 19464

Instead of tweeting, have hearings w/ nonpartisan experts in health care and finance and develop a bipartisan proposal.
You have a big brain, figure out how to sustain Medicaid without letting little kids & old people die!
Why are you targeting the neediest among us?
You're giving the rich a tax break and cutting care for the poor. #Shameful #KeepKidsCovered
If your solutions were so great, you would not be so fearful of hearings.  BCRA is a taxcut bill, and you won't even be honest on that.
I am glad you and @SenBobCasey played games today, did you talk about how a bipartisan approach is the other way to fix ACA?  Please do!!
Maybe you shouldn't cut taxes on the uber wealthy... let's set up a townhall to discuss
Like negotiating prices? Oh wait, GOP hates that idea...
Again, read the replies to your Tweet Senator. No one agrees with you. Vote no. Time to represent the ppl of PA not the 1%.
Town hall with constituents.  Remove tax cuts for billionaires.
Thank you, Sen. Toomey for bringing common sense to this problem & saving Medicaid to serve us now and long into the future. #voteCaseyOut
FAUX NEWS?? Thanks Senator Toomey, we may have to become a single payer. NO other country uses the For Profit Mode YOU want for Healthcare!!
New slogan for GOP instead of repeal and replace let's go with REPAIR & RESTORE
Reform comes from honest assessment of reasons for high medical costs. Won't  happen as long as our 'representatives' are minions of the 1%.
Make it more efficient don't kick millions who depend on it for their lives off of it! #BCRA #deathcarebill
If the cap doesn't keep up with rising cost, how does that help? There has to be a plan B? How about fixing ACA, would that work?

No NO No!  You are a liar
You are so full of BS. Make healthcare nonprofit. Stop giving huge tax breaks to the ultra rich. They made don't need help. Poor need help
Prefer not to watch propaganda news fox.
Under your plan GoFundMe will become the largest healthcare provider. Seriously stop for profit healthcare. Stop #BCRA do real healthcare
it's sustainable now, you just value tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires more than you value health of regular ppl. shameful
Newsflash: You can still reform without denying 24 million people the coverage they need to survive. Unless that's not your real intention.
Nobody wants this terrible bill.
REFORM. Listen to your constituents and work with ALL of your fellow Senators. Country over party.
Not with this quick fix you are trying to pass off.   Start again, sir.
But for every dollar you're "reforming" you're passing a tax cut. That's not reform. That is a tax  holiday.
by reformed you mean cut, right?? #SaveMedicaid
We don't want this cruel bill to pass. How many times do we have to say it?? If you vote for it, we will vote you out in 2022. Count on it.
This false narrative from thought factories of the right, it doesn't hold up. Stop your assault on our social contract, cease and desist.
Budgets reflect values & priorities. We value the health of all, including those who are poor & disabled; you value wealth, power & greed.
Notice how exactly no one responding to your tweets is in favor of your death bill? Isn't it time you snapped out of your coma?
#realPA IS watching Bud. Fix #ACA don't repeal. Screwing your constituents is haunting u already. @nytimes prime example of BAD senator
Just googled "reform", apparently it is a synonym for "take away from poor people so rich people can keep more investment income", who knew!
Come on everyone knows Fox is not real news, REALLY
You should be watching the #OpioidTownHall with senator whitehouse @SenToomey You could learn a lot from him & his compassion #ARHEinDC
Remember that you were elected, not by me but FOR me, to represent ALL of us. Us, not them, not yourself. #WeAreWatching #RepresentUs
Fox tainted by BS. Therefore you are only talking BS to people who eat Fox BS. Start telling truth elsewhere and majority will listen.
On Fox News. How courageous!
Let's discuss this at your next public #TownHall! When is it again? Will there be one? #Coward #SaveourCare #ACA
dude stop your nonsense I was watching tv and saw your crazy INSANE TWEET  - WHY DO YOU WANT TO SCREW US IN PA ????
Kate Mcginty was robbed in our rigged election. You poseur.
Put YOUR family on the plan! Get out and have a live open forum town hall. Clear your VM. PA want to talk to you! Are u listening??? Nope
Sustainable? You're trying to give a TAX BREAK. I really don't know how much plainer we can say YOU'RE LYING. Please, get yourself some help
How are tax cuts to Millionaires going to solve this issue. You are a goddam liar !!!   You're really pissing me off your lies. #Period
lies worse than you do. Any "special" report would be a joke...at the expense of your constituents.
If it's on @FoxNews it's probably bullsh$&
You need to scrap this horrible bill & agree to work with Democrats. You should be working together for ALL Americans, not just the wealthy!
Sure, keep trying to sell those tickets for a ride on the Titanic.
Why can't "reform" include increasing taxes on 1%, lifting income cap in SSN tax.
To take the stance you do on our healthcare, you either have no heart or no brain.  Which one is it?
See my earlier tweet about not trusting you. I have also been given very little reason to trust @FoxNews
Nice try Pat!! End the wars and stop the tax cuts for your donors, then tell me Health care and Medicaid isn't sustainable. #WorkForPA
Try not cutting taxes for the rich 1% and use that money to help.
You know how people tell Trump to stop Tweeting? You should do that, too.  You never answer anyone here, you #SpinelessCoward. You just lie.
U hear from constituents that we don't support ur bill but you point us to this GOP propaganda. No thx.
No, healthcare must be reformed to make it accessible and sustainable, @SenToomey.  Savings at the expense of lives - Not now. Not ever.
Medicaid covers more people for lower cost than any other insurance program. Why not reform private insurers -high cost, high overhead
When will you meet with your constituents? Don't you think their opinion matters?
How many times do we, your constituents, have to scream NO until you hear us?  Who are you tweeting at anyway? Koch brothers?
Human beings must have healthcare to be sustainable. And humans vote!
Oh, Fox News!  So that's where you get your inexhaustible supply of horse dung from! Nothing but the truth from Fox, amirite? SMH.
https://www.facebook.com/CongressmanBoyle/posts/1790756404568549:0 …
Start being a champion for your Pennsylvanian constituents. 2/
Senator Toomey, stop being a champion for the 1%. Honestly, the 1% will manage just fine without your help. 1/
So Fox news is state TV? 
Wow, so pathetic.
Represent the people's interest.
You dont take calls.
You dont do open town halls.
We see you.
Please don't refer to propaganda tv. Lets try to stay in reality. 19464
i refuse to watch anything on fox " news" how about in person
Fox! Ha!  Why not meet your constituents face to face. Take a break from bees, Mar-A-Lago and meet your bosses.
You are doing it all wrong.  You are not listening to your constituents. You should be ashamed.
I know how to solve this one, it's called single payer... <3 Your Constituent, a Nurse Practitioner
Half of your state is using medicaid, you'd better be careful.
$20,000,000,000 would pay for Medicaid coverage for millions of low income/disabled/veterans. Get your fucking priorities straight FFS
For once, do some homework on costs:
NEJM: $640 Billion Question-Why Does Cost-Effective Care Diffuse So Slowly?  http://bit.ly/jA9rbt 
Fox Entertainment Group is not a source of factual information AARP says that this bill makes unsustainable cuts to Medicaid Please respond
Toomey wrote this cancerous piece of crap bill, with 12 other white men. He's content to euthanize people if it allows a tax break for 1%ers
Your reputation for lying precedes you.
So you can double bill geisinger MA patients that see specialty doctors if their office is in a hospital like you do in Pennsylvania?
You are done.
Can we also cap *prices* per beneficiary? Rx drugs and procedural costs are rising and that's where your increased spending comes from.
He'd rather cap your care. That's easier, and it still gives him lobby money and profits in pharma stocks from rich people.
I'd rather shove rusty forks in my eyes.
address the REASONS for rising costs. don't throw Americans off the bus to meet some made up figure and give donors massive tax cuts
Vote no!!!!
Vote no? He wrote this steaming excrement.  He also thinks old people are 'burned out houses'. "Caring Christian"
http://www.wfmz.com/news/pennsylvania/sen-toomey-helps-chart-course-for-senate-version-of-ahca-1/488816014 …
No I mean vote no as to telling him to oppose this bill
I'm with you, but he *literally wrote it*. Guess that would be the ultimate sign that it's impossible to pass though. 
Hoping he'll resign
No Pat. You have to stop giving millionaires unconscionable tax breaks. And Medicaid will be fine....
It's amazing to see you doubling down on your cruelty.
Yeah, no amount of praying will make up for pushing an elderly woman out of a nursing home to her early death. But that's typical Toomey.
If you were so sure your plan was good for your constituents, you wouldn't be afraid to meet with us in person.  Your a disgrace.
Don't turn on fox in this house, and I don't believe a word you say. I have no idea how you got elected again.
How are you going to protect your constituents with pre-existing conditions? Pre aca I couldn't get insurance due to pregnancy. Fix it
