Your apathy toward your constituents has been noted and will not be forgotten. #NoConfidence
Completely agree. If we could vote to impeach him I would do it in a heart beat.
Personally i love baseball! Happy Season Opener!!
He appears to talk b ball? While Rome burns
No probe, no robe. Stop watching sports and get to saving the republic with the Dems, will ya? Signed, your boss, the people of Pennsylvania
And you love the public school system so much that you confirmed Betsy DeVos. She will (again) have kids shooting hoops thru a peach basket
What is your stand on the Russian problem
What PAC paid you for that tweet?
Meet with your constituents, you worm.
Curious, have your offices gotten thousands of calls from concerned constituents wondering about your thoughts on Berks County basketball?
Healthcare. The EPA, Science, climate, school, anything besides sports
I love baseball. This banner dropped during Washington Nationals game on #OpeningDay
It seems all you do is give out awards. What is you stand on the budget?
I bet those high school students know not to use passive voice.
You should do a Town Hall there...
Coward that's what ur.
Sounds like they are public schools. I thought you hated public schools? Charter good,school choice etc. I have the letter from you.
I don't want to hear about " hoops" I want to hear your reaction to Trump #Russia
Yea Senator. So important compared to your double standard. WhatWouldPT do is not practicing WWJD. As Romans Said "F*** the poor"
Dear paid trolls... Toomey just won. Watch as we take out Casey in 2018.

Its gonna be great!

.
Toomey the tool. Do you enjoy voting against the best interests of your constituents, or do you just not care? How much money does it take?
That's all very cool-I love high school sports-but can you please focus on this flying monkey circus of an administration?
Why aren't you working on something GOOD for the people of PA?  All you do is vote for who lines your pockets.  Traitor to citizens of PA.
Which one of your interns wrote this?
The same one that was rude on the phone..? Back when it was answered by a person....
What are you going to do to oppose a healthcare bill that would destroy the lives and hospitals in rural pa?
F2F town hall! 18104
Will you be there next week so  you can meet the players you praise?
As a parent of two BASD students please hold IN person town halls and listen to our concerns! Vote NO on Gorsuch he's bad for women
When do you break it to them that the woman you voted for is going to gut public schools? Let's have a town hall to discuss.
Really, a town hall? Surely you jest.  PT just got reelected, he cares about only a personal agenda, not us PA residents
Once again commenting on matters that don't effect all your constituents.  You are useless.
Called 22 senators. Your office is the only one not to answer the telephone. Where are you? Playing basketball?  Shame
Pay attention to health care and security. We don't give a damn about basketball. Keep Americans Insured and healthy.
Town hall town hall town hall town hall town hall town hall. Get it?????
Your silence to your constituents..you know, the ones who (barely) elected you, is deafening.
R u a sportscaster or Senator? Trump's Russia connections, climate change, budget: these r the type of issues we want to hear from u on.
How about doing your job representing us, and women and families, vote against the Supreme Court nominee
And all Toomey can talk about is sports.
Don't you have a job to do? Being a senator must be pretty easy since all you do is tweet and refuse to hold meetings. Sweet gig
my god, you are out of touch. Don't u hear your constituents asking/begging for town hall meeting??
Man this guy always knows what we care about.
#rubberstamp #republican Waste of a perfectly good Senate seat. PA deserves better.
Senior citizen voters in Erie saw that you met with corporate big-wigs.  Why not us? Even Erie Times News is featuring your absence.
Stop wasting time with this BS! Everyone on twitter has their middle finger in the air pointing it at their phone!! We're drowning Senator
Boyertown
Boyertownhall
Host one in Boyertown! Or, anywhere. It's been soooo long since your last town hall in 2015:
Great to hear from Pennsylvanians at my town hall meeting in Sunbury today! 
Why do you insist on being a waste to your contituents?  You do realize by ignoring us and following Trump you lost your job.
#RESISTANCE
Come to Berks County - Boyertown or Reading. #RealPA #ToomeyTownHall #IfYouHoldItWeWillCome
Yes, well, fine-- how about instead you go and read some of Gorsuch's pro-corp, anti-woman decisions? PLEASE break your lockstep with Trump!
And sorry I sold out your future education for a lousy 60k...
you need to make yourself MUCH more available to your constituents.
It's as though you have no idea what's going on in the Capitol....
Hello. Please preserve the filibuster.
How about #SusanRice?
When is your townhall scheduled?
