WATCH more of my questions from the #ComeyHearing HERE:
You are great Senator King!!!! More power to you!!! Please get to the bottom of the Russia controversy!
Why didn't you ask Comey if the situation with @realDonaldTrump warranted special prosecutor explain @AGLynch & emails, unmasking sharing?
Just like you in front of a camera!
Opportunists King, used a 102M loan, guaranteed by Dept of Energy to finance wind business. Received 407K as a personal success fee?  Swamp
Takes on to know one. While gov of Maine, King signed law to force utilities  2 use 30% wind energy.  Then King founded a wind company?
ICIMI DIid you bring the gentlemen who testified the day before up on charges yet?
If not why not?
Are your fellow senators going to do it
you are going down Mr. King 1 of many on the Web
Sen King you did a great job at both hearings this week. The Pres destroys anyone who doesn't obey him.. Please keep trying to get answers!
Fabulous work, Sen. King!
We are all #Americans and we need to stand together to fight our nation's enemies.
Proud you are my senator!
I saw you at the hearings, I saw you on morning joe and the news. What a superior job you are doing. I'm proud that you're representing me
Thank you for showing America what patriotism and intelligence looks and sounds like.
really he's compromised 1 of many on Web about the Awan Bros
I think you should run for President.
Dude, you've been a credit to the Intel Committee!
really he's compromised by the DNC
Thank you Senator. Please run for president.
You made Maine proud yesterday. Standing ovation!
Great job yesterday @SenAngusKing! We are proud of your leadership.
We watched. You make us proud & give us hope. Thank you for being our voice for integrity, honesty & truth. @SenatorCollins disappoints
if you ran for president, you'd have my vote. Ask @BenSasse to run with you!
Sir, you are my idea of what every senator should be; focused on the good of all America, one who speaks with calm reassurance. Thank you.
Mostly true. But he tends to prefer republicans.
@niteowl66 You are one of the best senators and most eloquent interrogator. Hope you can persuade GOP to wake up. Thank you
Spot on Sen King.
@PrincessBravato You and @SenKamalaHarris were amazing yesterday! Thank you for standing up for the American people.
Thank you Senator! Lordy I hope there are tapes!
This
My, man!
Thank you Senator! We appreciate all that you do.
Very proud you're repping the 207!  ;). Good job!
What does "ICYMI" stand for?
W/ all due respect Senator King. Zero will happen to Trump or his admin. It's a clever game of the "Wilderness of Mirrors".
not so clever when he goes down w/the rest of them who r compromised
Thank you for caring about democracy, never stop seeking the truth
Funny when you were talking about Putin being neither an R nor a D but an opportunist. Are you sure you weren't talking about our pres?
You were fantastic on Wednesday too! Thank you!
You win the week, sir. 
think again he's compromised
Not sure how some random guy sitting in his living room affects the questions King was asking, but ok. Maybe you can donate to his cause.
Thanks for representing Maine so well, you made us proud! You posed great questions that elicited powerful responses.
You were great!  
I am comforted by your tenacity as well as you're knowledgeable and meaningful questions.
meaningful question would b how compromised is he
Republicans are opportunists when opportunity came to take America or Russia they took Russia. Criminals stick together.
American Hero. Thank you
Your so funny
You were OUTSTANDING Sir; a credit to your profession.
Trump too, is neither GOP or Dem, but blatant opportunist
Loved the Beckett allusion. Proud you're my senator!
@SenAngusKing you don't pull any punches. I always enjoy your lines of questioning
Your doing an AWESOME job for the people of Maine and the country. 

 #mepolitics #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Sen. King is woke
Thanks again, Senator.
You support a Traitor. Congratulations on that.
The absolute best yesterday.
And the day before even better.
Yes, we loved "well I am being contentious..."
Me too.
I don't love that he's carrying water 4 the DNC he's compromised
GOAT mustache
Thank you, sir!
