U'v lost my respect Mr King Playing this nonpartisan BS to the Nth degree, knowing if McCain won 08 wed be 2 steps ahead on this same path
I'm sad for you if you feel this way. This tweet was written to show support and love for a friend, not politics. Be compassionate.
Yea im not stupid enough to fall 4 2 politicians, "not" playing politics. He wrote it to appeal to his conservative constituents, end story
Whatever you do for income, are you *always* that thing? I'm a lawyer but as a human I feel for Senator McCain, as a child who lost my Dad
To cancer I feel for Senator McCain's daughter. I'm a human first, and I trust Senator King was being a human. Disagree, fine.
yea i figured you were a lawyer... it sucks horribly for mcciains daughter, i feel for her, she was not my issue so why diverge into her
Because I'm a daughter who recently lost my father to cancer; she's a daughter scared of losing her father to cancer. We're all just human.
Even Senator King is human acting on human impulses- kindness, concern, for his friend. That's all. Compassion. You don't agree & that's ok.
Vote NO on healthcare bill.
PAUSE
Lol dad! Too soon
NOW that comment MUST be from a MAINE Senator...YOU DO US Proud Angus! Keep on keeping on!
Be proud-he's an amazing representative for you and for our nation.
I am, and I couldn't agree more. We need more like him.
He is a true #AmericanHero , praying for him and his family!
Spoken like a true and decent legislator. You understand how to behave and deal w/your opponents/friends. Unlike vindictive Trump.
Yes Anus, he is a rino.
You have become one of my favorite public servants.
Mine too and I'm from Tennessee.
Thank you @SenAngusKing
Very nice, Senator.
He's a joy of a man, spend as much time as possible with him. Glioblastomas were the worst when I was a neurosurgeon RN, eons ago,still are.
Ditto
you are one of the kindest people i know!
Did you thank him for finding Isis?
Whether your on the same side or the other side, you have to like and admire John McCain
We all do!
You continue to impress me with your honesty and compassion for Americans. One of the best in the Senate! Beautiful words to Sen McCain.
If so, why mention yourself 6 times in this short statement???
Really nice message Sen King!
McCain is a hero, but u want 2C a real hero? Jimmy Carter, called a woosie by GOPers fought brain cancer, won & back 2 building houses. HERO

This is how American politics should be...thank you @SenAngusKing for this brief respite...

I don't know John McCain but America shares your heartfelt emotion about him. McCain is an American hero.
This made me cry, Senator King. You're a true friend, supportive and compassionate. Thank you for saying this.
Sounds a bit like you want to fuck him
You my friend and Senator are true gentle-man!! Wishing Senator McCain a speedy recovery!!
I am sorry your friend is dealing with this. I disagree w/him politically but I respect the hell out of Senator McCain.
Hats off to you Melinda! The world loves real people & you I'm happy to say are one of them! Here's wishing @SenJohnMcCain speedy recovery.
Thank you, Ron. I join you in wishing Senator McCain good health.
Bless you, sir. That is so sweet and heartfelt. I love him, too.
Honor his service by defending this nation and constitution and impeach this Traitor in the WH.
I love the sincerity of this tweet.
Me too. This one really got to me. Honest, raw, open. Mad respect for Sen King.
America is with @SenJohnMcCain !
Prayers to an American who did his duty and WILL continue to do it well
thats gay￼

America is behind you John McCain. No party lines. Just Americans praying for a American Hero.  
We all love John McCain - a wonderful, valiant person- who loves his country - and - as all politicians should - would cross party lines
Met him by chance in Key West in 2005, while still on active duty. What an honor to shake a former POW' s and to thank him for his svc.
we will all pray for the mccains as well as his many friends
What could have been far worse, wasn't, fortunately, like Ischemic stroke. The man's a hero, we all stand behind him.
that's fucking hot. 
This is honest and beautiful
Very beautiful tweet. Thank you sir.
You dont belong in the same room with John McCain.  Sanctimonious  pos
I know a POW who served with him ... he saved many lives.

Thankful he has the best healthcare in the world.  We need him.
Very kind words Senator. I wish him swift healing
Awe he knows it deep down inside how much you feel for him.
Angus is a man of charscter from what I can see and observe since he has given his time to the nation as well as the people of Maine.
Senator...
You make me want to move to Maine.  Proud you are in the the Congress.
Wonderful message that your friend.
Beautiful sentiment, Senator!
@AC360 @realDonaldTrump in undermining ACA abandons his oath of office.
Angus you are a good man. Thanks for representing US. @SenJohnMcCain blessings for you
His daughter's statement tore me to pieces.
bless you Sen King.  about the tongue-lashing, I take comfort knowing Sen @SenJohnMcCain has earned the right to say whatever he wants.
So aweful!
Very touching. 
The fact is cancer has just been diagnosed with John McCain. I almost feel bad for cancer.
Please let him know we wish the best for him and for all inflicted will illness outside their control. Insurance to pay is within Congress!
True friendship right there brother...
Another example of why we need to protect our healthcare legislatively. We need to respect each other's right to Care!
Where were you when Trump said McCain WASN'T a hero because he was a POW!!!
John McCain is an American hero. I don't always agree with Republican views but I respect this man. Sending good energy for healing.
God bless your friend John McCain and you!  God is watching over both of you.  Prayers...
Friendship trumps politics.
Lovely message Senator!
A true America hero. #mccainstrong
He's a navy vet like me sending him all our thoughts and prayers
I tongue lashed my injection nurse the other day, pray for me. 
Why can't we have a president like you, with brains and compassion.
Respect.
My heart hurts for you, for senator McCain and his family, and for us all
You're a good friend. Pray, that's all we can all do.
Good thing he has millions of dollars to help him fight, the rest of us not so much
He is a POS! #karma
Not ashamed to say I am happy my tax dollars will help support him.  Even though he does not say the same to my wife with cancer
Another example of why we need to fight for Healthcare! This illness could happen to any of us! We all deserve quality Healthcare!
If we can afford to build walls, we can afford healthcare! #@realdonaldtrump
You are one wicked mensch, Senator.
Guess it's good he has health insurence.......

