Angus Trump has become unhinged time to invoke the 25th ammendment
Can you publicly call those hate groups out by name! @senategop You all need to do that! #Charlottesville
As a Black American,I have to ask if you are one of those folk who think Black Lives Matter is a "hate" group? Or do you mean the neo-Nazis?
Black Lives Matter is Not a hate group. Nazis, white supremacists, KKK are
The actions of hate groups everywhere is unacceptable!  Please continue to be a voice of reason for Maine and our nation.
Wow...this is weak! They are Nationalists and White Supremists = Domestic Terrorists!  Their leader is in our WH! Help get him out !
Senator Mr.Angus King, can you please have congress to make quick progress to remove this man from office. Immediately?
Are you including ANTIFA and BLM in your statement. They both came armed and ready for conflict.
DEMAND removal of Bannon, Miller, Gorka from our White House. Take back your party. Take back your country. Inaction not an option.
Dear Senator, Im a JEW. How about a tweet that says; "Flying the Swastika is Not Patriotism, it's Terrorism?"
THE REAL TERRORISTS ARE People who use the fear tactics in media !
Please call for prosecution of the Charlottesville murder as domestic terrorism.
Thank you for speaking out!
Dear @SenAngusKing please call it by name: anti Semitic White supremacist fascism. And call out it's enabler: @realDonaldTrump
Say it Senator King: white supremacists; Nazi's. Call them out for what they are please.
Good. Then you should agree to start with removal of Nazi-in-Chief Trump himself. Talk is cheap.
If they have no place in our country, why are they in the White House?
Cryptic and carefully worded. A white nationalist neo-Nazi killed an innocent 32 year-old woman. Call it what it is.
Empty words.  The Whitehouse is leading the hate groups.  America wants action not words.
people who don't share your views
Sen. King, pls do what u can to remove this pres from WH. He is not level headed and endangers our security and credibilitu.
Hate groups like antifa and Black Lives Matter.
But what are you going to *do* about it?
And funding these groups should be illegal. Any group that commits violence needs to have its funding examined and taken away
And Gorka, Miller, and Bannon who support white supremacist ideologies have no business working in the White House.
I'll vote for t6rump myself if you dont get rid of sanders
@SenAngusKing plz galvanize the parties to unequivocally denounce ANY racist or bigoted behavior within this andministration
@SenAngusKing This @POTUS has known racists in his administration.He is complicit in making these people comfortable in the open
In any country but Nazis don't have a place in america either they are the ones who should be arrested and deported to Germany
VERY SAD THAT THERE ARE SO MANY ANGRY PEOPLE !
you democrats need to practice what you preach stop attacking others who don't share your views and stop trying to take freedom from

Senator King thank you for speaking out
Unfortunately, hate groups have a very central place in our society. Always have.
So Why don't you condemn Black Lives Matter the spread hate and are the most racist group I know.
sanders and his war of lies against democrats is unacceptable. If you want trump again just keep kissing bernies ass
True - but these actions need to be named as white-nationalist terrorism.
I agree ANTIFA, BLM, KKK, Aryan Nation all need to go away far far away.
It sure reminds me of 1920's USA and anarchists
You are complicit taking so long to make such a vague statement. Get the Nazis/KKK OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT & mb we'll have a chance to repair.
When congress ask GOD out of our schools and government evil takes over for love take your bow
Not according to Side-winding, I need 2b impeached, unpatriotic, racist @realDonaldTrump.
@SpeakerRyan... USC. Am.25, sua sponte duty. @GOP
Begin impeachment proceedings NOW!!!!
I'm independent because of your example - thank you !
a moderate in everything even denouncing hate   UR statement is a real disappointment
Thank you Senator King. Please impeach @realDonaldTrump who advocates for hate groups and emboldens their actions . I condemn him
1st amendment
Perhaps you should speak out forcefully that the Nazis working for Trump and Trump himself have no place in our country. It's long overdue.
Which groups specifically, sir?
tell that to the WH
You speak the truth, I wish Trump would. We can not let these hate groups rise up
again. They must be accountable for their acts...
Agreed!! Unfortunately they are part of Trump's base! He needs to strongly denounce them.
Americans are NEPHILLUMS working with one another with Azazel and it that is factionalism with the biggest click in the world
Angus king you an the Republicans need to impeach Trump
They have a place in our history, and now they have a place in the White House. You are in a position to do something about the latter.
Please help our fellow senators and representatives come together and stand up to these unacceptable responses and ignorant beliefs.
Name it. Say it.
Thank you Senator. We count on you to denounce the white supremacist hatred and yesterday's violent acts of domestic terrorism
even if you only whisper a sort of denouncement  a day late
You're right. By that standard Islam has no place in our country since it's filled with hate for all non muslims. Stay consistent senator
Thank you, Senator King.  Actions of ANY hate groups are unacceptable anywhere in US.  Keep speaking out for us, Sir.
Call them what they are - white supremacists, Nazis and the KKK. Your very belated tweet sounds too much like Trump.
Then,they DEFINITELY have no place in the White House. Agree? Help us do something about it.Your voice is heard.
Ummm could you be more specific
Thank you for this. Please also call out & condemn white supremacist ideology directly  & remove its enablers from the White House
Took the words right out of my mouth.Just tweeted the same thing.
Where has Donald Trump's war on terror gone?
Sadly, there is little to do that would work toward changing attitudes when hatred is so ingrained.
Then impeach the wanna-be dictator, Putin-loving traitor in the WH that encouraged these Nazi's during his campaign!!!
Let's be a bit more specific:  white nationalists and neo-Nazis.
Thank you, could you tell the President please?  He seems confused about that.
Like the neonazis and kkk?
Gentlemen like you must stand against hate in rual America. Please address this with your fellow senators from like places. OR,ID,NB,KY, ETC
Im not saying its a rual problem only, but different approaches needed for different audiences. An urban solution needs to be pushed as well
They are in The White House and are Trumps base. This admin is unsustainable.
Dude, it took you this long?
AND CONGRESS MUST REACT AGAINST TRUMPS APPROVAL OF SUCH ACTS. CENSURE HIM AND CENSURE HIM HEAVILY. HE NT ACTS NOR TALKS LIKE A PREZ
