Though I did not vote for you, I thank you for representing our state with class and integrity that is sorely missing in D.C. These days.
Thank you Senator King, for holding true to Maine and Yes it should be by Partisan, and I expect that Independent Senators sit at the table!
I'm certainly willing to pay more tax so that everyone can have access to affordable healthcare. Let's follow a working European plan.
You all need to work together Democrats and Republicans to put together a health care bill that will work and past if not then drop it.
Why don't you spend more time on your lobster emoji?  There is no bi-partisan today. Your views on health care are socialist.
Thank you!
I wish I lived in Maine.  Thank you for this vote!
A bipartisan approach to work out a better health care plan that serves the majority of Americans and protects our underprivileged is best.
Thank you @SenAngusKing. Americans from all over are looking to reasonable voices such as yours to be heard above the partisan fray.
Thank you as always for your clarity and leadership, @SenAngusKing #GrahamCasiddy #HealthCareDebate
Thank You..Exactly.

why not return to bipartianship?  Is that what Congress is suppose to do?
PS.  The current CBO has no creditability and should be repealed and replaced!
The affordable care act is cruel from inception.  Obama lied from the get-go! you can keep your plan...BS!  He lies with ease. So do you!
No such thing from Democrats as bipartisan.
In fact I don't believe any Democrat.  You would turn this country socialist.  I am tired of paying for those who are able but won't work!
None of the news outlets tout bipartisan efforts as you purport.  Get the message out what you claim is true. No evidence of bipartisanship
TY Senator!  Your voice on health care is important!  Pls push CHIP and funding for Community Health Centers before 9/30 deadline
And the CBO score on Odumbshit care was wrong. Screwing working Mainers and Ameticans. Thats what Anus calls a 2fer.
Bravo, Senator!
Senator King, we need Universal coverage. And we need it NOW. Nothing less will cover everyone. Get on the bus, Senator.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Angus King!
Well said!
Yes! Thank you for your sound leadership to the state of Maine and to Americans!!! 
You bill yourself as an independent but you are far from it, your words and actions brand you a liberal Dem. I will not vote for you again.
Well said.  Thank you for your dedication to the people of Maine and beyond.
Well said Senator!!
Amen Senator.  Thank you for standing up for us.  If there are plans to run out the clock, get some rest.
Well said as opposed to Alabama
Thank you!
Keep fighting the good fight, Sen. King.  Prove that a bipartisan solution CAN and WILL provide ALL Americans what they deserve!
Kill that bill Senator! Thank you!        #stillmyACA
Thank you Sir!!!
Bipartisanship! How many republicans voted for Obamacare? Let me help you - the answer is zero.
Democrats allowed almost 200 republican amendments to the ACA. No such process has even been entertained with new R bill. 
Interesting fairytale - Is that why Pelosi said they had to pass the bill to see what’s in it?
thank you, Senator! proud to have you representing the state of Maine.
Thank you!  Reason appears to have triumphed on this issue.
Thank you.
Voice of reason. Thank you, Sir!
Thank you 
So, is this a "no" on Graham-Cassidy?
Thank you Senator King!
Thank you, Senator King, for fighting for bipartisanship!
You certainly have my support.
I applaud you , Senator!
Thank You Sir!
Thank you @SenAngusKing thank you for your thoughtful, bipartisan leadership #PeopleOverParty #SaveOurHealthCare
Thank you for your continued work to protect Maine people. I am proud to have you as my Senator.
Thank you Senator for continually doing what is RIGHT! 
Old Navy Mainer here.  With this is in our rear view mirror, please send help to P.R. The @USNavy has ships; manpower and supplies needed.
 thanks!
Please do all you can to make a bipartisan fix happen. Thank you for your honesty and commitment to serving the people!
Thank You !!  People in this country, sick and disabled have it hard enough, Gop wants to break their BACK all for KOCH....
Your logic is very appealing....can you please convince your colleagues to participate????
Thank you Sen. King for your thoughtful and reasoned leadership.
Thank you, Senator King! Now, see if you can persuade any of your colleagues to not support Graham/Cassidy.
Amen.
