And we appreciate all that you do!!
You spend more time off the job, than in it. Go home. #TermLimits
We need your help to preserve health coverage, Senator King! Again!
Thanks Senator King.  I appreciate your service to the Nation.
Please vote against this bill
Can you work hard on one thing, IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP
Hoping that among the many things needing your attention one is yet another "no" vote on GOP's continuing attempt to repeal/replace the ACA!
Please help save Obamacare!
Defeat the latest Trumpcare nightmare.  #GrahamCassidy
Right protect those insurance companies that doubled their profits under obamacare frm 6 to 15 billion
As always, thank you Senator. I am imploring you to vote NO on @GOP healthcare. It's time for #MedicareForAll 
And also, please defend #DACA

DACA MARIXST SCAM ON REPUBLICANS ...  Democrats drive the Republican Party to electoral extinction.! http://gulagbound.com/40143/seiu-marxists-try-to-scam-gop-over-immigration-amnesty-activists-getting-desperate/ …
I bet that's so true!!!
Please vote no on the ACA repeal and no on the new Trumpcare attempt!  It is not what our community, state or country needs!
Please vote no on the new healthcare bill
I am concerned about this aren't you ?
Russia TV yesterday: Democracy is nothing but a modern religion. Its temples stand empty now & very soon will be abandoned for good. 
Please stop the latest version of the GOP Mean and Miserable No-Healthcare Plan
Vote no on Trumpcare.
Why are you going to Washington.

You don't do anything significant there.
Please fight as you can, against latest ACA repeal bill. From what I've read it's the same bill, kept in the dark, shadowed by more lies.
ONLY THING KEPT IN THE DARK IS YOU. THE NEWS HAS BEEN TELLING U HUNDREDS OF LIES(HES GOIN DOWN)11 MONTNS -WANDER WHY NOT ONE PANNED OUT?
Please stop the graham bill. We need medicare for all.
PLEASE,fight against this latest attack on Obamacare! As a new resident of Harrison, I implore u to stop this latest power play by the GOP!
I 'd like you to vote for ACA.  But I know you never will!
Please reject #GrahamCassidy and PLEASE support #Medicare4All
Like watching Lindsay Graham and his HC bill. Sounds like a clever way out to me.
Please protect our healthcare when you go back! So many lives are depending on you. I'm stage 4 cancer and every day depends on good HC.
Pls defend us. #NoGrahamCassidy and no on extremist judicial noms Schiff, Barrett, Mateer, Kacsmaryk, Schwartz& Eid
Please vote no to the Graham/Cassidy bill.
Thank you, Senator for doing this grueling but vital work to keep this country going despite constant reckless behavior by our own @POTUS
Thanks for standing up for what is right. Ur efforts r appreciated.
I really hope you are working aggressively on the Tax Cut Reform Plan. We are waiting Mr Senator!!
Thanks we need you there
Don't we all.
Save ACA!  Please!
PLEASE consider running for President. You are a voice of reason and would be great
Like taking healthcare from millions of Americans?
We need your level-headed presence in Washington.  Do good work, Senator.
And please continue to support access to insurance and the ACA. I'm so worried.....
U mean bail out obamacare insurance companies that doubled profits frm 6 to 15 billion why dont u resist being used by establisment for once
Support #MedicareForAll #aca
Thank you for what you do in DC and in Maine!
Save our ACA! Prosecute the 'Russians' in the WH! Thank you for your hard work and clear heart! #lovesenatorking
Your important work should start with impeaching Trump and Pence, now what about that ???????
How much will your state loose if  #GrahamCassidy passes.. Have YOU told your constituents yet?
Save the ACA. Your people are depending on you!
Yeah, like defeating #GrahamCassidy
Please vote to reject the new healthcare bill.  Thank you for all you do for us!
Please fight to block the latest Trumpcare bill.  Speak to Collins and others on our behalf.
No the Graham-Cassidy
Save us from their new healthcare bill seems worse than first two
Gee. You, think?
3 day work weeks suck
Please vote NO on Graham/Cassidy bill. Americans need affordable healthcare and their bill removes Pre-existing conditions. #SaveACA
Please vote no on the Graham Cassidy travesty.
Why? so they can bail out insurance companies who doubled their profits ? Frm 6 to 15 billion
 Glad to see u belive media /dnc lies
No to #CassidyGraham bill! .....k
Thank you. Please vote no and spread the word !#GrahamCassidy
Sen King, please reject the latest attempt to repeal the ACA!
Gotta defeat the cruel Graham Cassidy bill!!!!
When is your Presidential bid? 
Agreed, it's heartbreaking to leave Maine for DC. Every time. But thanks for your great work here in DC! #maine
Said Andy Griffith as he strolled back to Mayberry.
We need you doing your "thing" on the Intelligence Committee!!!
