Keep it up Senator! Sessions is a befuddled little man who needs to continue to be dressed down. No way out for Trump! #NoWayOut
why is this about you????
The Dems are letting us down by not showing the necessary strength or aggression in some of the questioning
Pls charge Sessions with contempt not answering questions
Great job Senator King. Though it's interesting that Senator McCain didn't interrupt your tough questions
What questions? You just tried to make it a circus! You know damn well The AG has to confer with POTUS all you did was look like the fool
Thank you, Senator.
You did an amazing job, as did the Democrats. Keep up the good work, Trump MUST be impeached for his role and obstruction into Russiagate
What are you afraid of, Senator King?
Is there anything congress can do to punish Sessions for not answering? Isn't this contempt? He can't name a policy to support his claim.
Great questions!
Sessions has more loyalty to trump than to the American people
Stop wasting our $ Angus King!  That $ could help those who need medical care, pompous jerk.
Lol. You really think the republicans want to spend a dime on healthcare when there's so much corporate welfare to dole out?
National Hero, thanks for your hard line of questioning! (anyone ask why it so long to fire Comey if he was so unqualified? Why the wait?)
It totally baffles me how not only Sessions, but the other gentlemen can sit in front of ur committee and refuse to answer questions!
Thank you sir. Others should be more like you but we can dump them and vote others in.
Well done!!  Maine is proud of you!!
You looked and sounded like Bozo the clown.
It is unbelievable that Sessions is our AG.  The republicans continue to stick their head in the sand on this issue
Thank you for the excellent questions.  Let us hope Mr Sessions is brought to justice sooner, rather than later.
Exactly why the hearing took place....so folks at home could watch sound bites. Pathetic waste of time. Congress is embarrassing.
SESSIONS SHOULD BE SUSPENDED FROM AG - UNEDUCATED  IGNORANCE - STONEWALLING - ALTERED ANSWERS TO YOUR QUESTIONINGS- THE FACTS THERE'S GUILT
Sen King- thank you sir! My heart is heavy with all of the stonewalling! I appreciate all you are doing! .we will continue as truth will win
Isn't the right to assert executive privilege done on a per instance basis? If he didn't exercise his right to it now opportunity is lost?
Another possible session w Session
Thank you sir, for your wonderful questions and dedication to this cause, our constitution and country.
If trump wasn't born,if I was a girl,if the moon was the sun,if I knew my ass from a hat,if I was qualified for my job I'd still be an idjit
Proud of you Senator King!  You did a great job!
Why do you help establishment politicans blame trump russia for spying everyone knows our hoover style gov spied on all hillarys opponents
Great job sir! AG's fidgeting and stuttering said it all, despite his expectedly fake answer. #CoverUp
@POTUS #SessionsHearing YOU WERE RUDE AND UNDIGNIFIED
Your behavior disgusting. Holder testified before the Senate his conversations with Obama was confidential and you DEM had no problem
Maine is lucky to have you!
A stunningly UNPROFESSIONAL performance there Angus. Ask, Listen and move on. You are why we elected #Trump
You rattled him, Angus. Good for you. The skeevy little liar
Well done, Senator King! So proud you are my senator!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson king i hear u give benfiet to ur Delta upsilon brothers and use ur position to help
Ur brothers and family. Is it true u don't report all lobbyists gifts on ur irs taxes forms and u violate ur lawyer ethical cannons
Is this true u hazed other people at ur time at delta upsilon. Do u haze people now? U support hazzing
Thank you for your tough questioning. Seems time for Contempt of Congress charges.
The Mustache of Righteousness! Thank you Angus!
And what a great job you did defending R country and bringing out sessions denials @MMFlint @MooPersists @JimONeilPOV @sawsharee @kellyz713
I am so relieved that there are still level heads in DC. Convinced Independents are the last bastion of reason and sanity. Well done.
You are just as bad as Comey "Look at my Question, I'm so cool!" Your there do represent your Maine constituents. Your Fired!
Your a joke. Why aren't you this tough with your democratic party. Maine is watching you and your time in Washington is short. #mepolitics
Is he not technically in contempt?  What does that take? (I mean besides a GOP that doesn't give a shit)
GOP Committees are "codifying" a perverse extension of Executive Privilege. Ex-Speculative Privilege?
Great job! How can we get Burr to quit letting them get away with the "I don't feel like answering" defense? GOP is COMPLICIT
You're great Mr. King. Love hearing you speak.
Lame Democrat lies. Where is Democrat agenda now that you are politically irrelevant?
You're a hero.
So, it was a shitshow. Glad I missed the dog and pony show. HOLD SESSIONS IN CONTEMPT!
I've been impressed by you each time I've heard your well thought out questions.  Hope to get to vote for you in natl election
When did the AG become the Pres's personal attorney? I thought he was the AG for the US. Guess Sessions is honoring his loyalty pledge.
U were great sir
Separation of powers Senator. You're questioning was shameful. Continuing to push the false narrative.
*unacceptable
Thank you.But what a waste of time.Sessions refused to answer questions pertaining to the president.  This is INESCAPABLE! We need answers.
Thank you, Senator King! Thank you for seeking truth to protect our democracy!
Thank you Senator for holding Jeff Sessions' feet to the fire. It's heartening to see integrity in action.
Good god, Senator...could that guy be any more cagey? Good luck winding him up.
Great job today Senator King!
Sessions MAGA!!!!!!
Thank you for your work today #CountryOverParty
you were disrespectful and rude. You are a shining example of why we need term limits.
you mean when your were disrespectful to an honorable man who deserves the respect of America. You are disgraceful
Thank you for your diligence. Would like to see all three who have refused to answer over last week held for contempt of Congress.
You kicked ass!!! Love your approach
Well done, sir!
Thank you Senator!  You rock again for truth and justice.
Thank you for asking direct questions and not letting him squirm out of answering (not that he answered, but you tried!)
You rock
Thank you Senator King, great work today.
Unbelievable! AG Sessions was like a deer caught in the headlights! I've NEVER seen such bobbing & weaving! Sessions them to a new height!
Saw it. Superb.
I did. You interrupted ad nasium.
How about you close your mouth long enough to let AG Sessions answer your questions! Where'd you get your manners, good grief!
You are gaining my respect each time I watch you question what is going on in DC  Please remain independent honest and forthright
Great job senator
Thank you, Senator.  Your questioning of General Sessions today was brilliant!
As for a senator I would have never voted you back in. You ask sessions a question our several questions and would not let him finish
Talking. That is disrespectful. A great senator would see this it's all bullshit and would focus on our state and fix what's wrong here!!
Your questioning was rude & interrupting.
Thank you for trying to hold #Sessions accountable. Much appreciated.
However, how was Sessions allowed to refuse to answer--legally.
Good job
Yep. I heard them. You are a disgrace . More interested in political grandstanding than serving our country . Be well.
Hes an Independent dimwit
Thank uou Senator King.  You make Maine proud.  Please take steps to hold him, Rogers and Coats in contempt - they are daring the committee.
You were AMAZING, Senator! Thank you so much!!!
As a Mainer,  I am so proud of you.
Where are the rest like you, Senator King?
How does the nation's top cop never ask for a debriefing about Russian hacking or collusion? This speaks volumes.
Sessions' face also told a story. This was such a simple question, but he looked like a deer in headlights
You were brilliant today in Sessions hearing. Thank you.
You're one sorry POS.
You were incredibly ignorant. My uncle voted for you, I have to question why!! He won't next time.
I just did. You are formidable, impressive and honest. Too bad the administration isn't. I trust you to continue the pressure for the truth!
OMG Sessions was lying thru his teeth, was evasive and exerted privilege where none existed nor was exercised. Get em Angus! #trumprussia
How can AG Sessions review Dep AG Rosensteins letter about Comey's "Improper handling of Clinton's email matter" when he recused himself?
Call AG Sessions again, please. The legality of his "Executive Communication Procedure" is not visible ANYWHERE.
Be relentless, the country is counting on you and thanks you. Unless Executive Privilege, #Contempt. #WeThePeople fight for country. 
. @SenAngusKing
Thank you Sen King for your determination & show of character among so many spineless cowards & crooked liars.
Proud of my Maine Senator's dogged pursuit of the facts in a sea of coverup.
Thank you! Excellent job today. Please keep it up. Trumpcare is coming up.
You were fabulous!! Thank you Senator.
You are fabulous.  Please continue to be a leader. I thought you and Martin Heinrich were strong.
Foolishness
sen king for president 
Never once did you ask him to confirm what Comey said Lynch asked him do. Knowing full well some Obama/Lynch people are still in Justice.
Logical questioning about the applicable law on Session's refusal to answer. Thank you Senator King.
Great & patient questioning yields unbelievable showing of brazen contempt by atty gen'l that purgered  himself at his confirmation hearing
Keep it up Angus. Please use all of the tools at your disposal to get them to answer, we deserve the truth. Thank You!
Wow, #sessions is in this mess up to his eyeballs, can't even answer a yes or no question
becoming a fan of Senator King
You're the man, Angus. Keep going. We're depending upon you!
I watched and lost all respect 4 u. So rude! Big grandstander. Wow show off,aren't u. Full of your self. Aren't fit 2 shine AG Sessons shoes
You were stellar. I expected nothing less.
As a former Mainer (born & raised), I am so proud to watch you in action. Washington needs more pols like you. 
Very clumsy attempt to spring a fake trap. You should be embarrassed.
Thank YOU, Senator, for your well thought out line of questioning and for NOT allowing #Sessions off the hook! #SessionsHearing
Thank you for your persistence, though Mr. Sessions remained stonewalled.
You're doing a great job! Thank you senator King 
you were GREAT! Thank GOD for you! You're holding their feet to the fire. thank you!
Very interesting and intelligent questions. Probably some of the most testing. Very happy to see this from some Senators.
Yes, I do appreciate your excellent hard questions and your very professional demeanor! GREAT JOB SIR!
Well done senator!
This is obstruction plain and simple without legal justification!!! By the US Atty for God's sake!!!
I saw them and was so proud.
Thank you, Senator King. I wish you'd had more time.
Thank you for your persistence. Keep up the good work. I'm sure you make your state proud :)
You were rude and showed your partisan bias in your questions to Mr. Session. Shame on you, your 15 mins jn spotlight is done.
How does an independent have partisan bias?
He loves his country and wants to get to the bottom of this catastrophic mess.
He is not an independant. Sen King is a known liberal. Dont hide behind BS patriotism. That was partisan liberal bias. Dumblibs.
I can see all the snowflake anarchists  are on board with you. What does that tell ya? Get a clue will ya?
Hope you have another session with comey and question him as intense comey is a leaker also Loretta lynch. Independent ? All democrat
thank you again Sir for serving America with your clear, direct and on point questions. AG Sessions responses represent a sad day for the US
Good job again today. I appreciate your professionalism. If I had to pick a litigator, I would want you.
Hope you asked about Loretta Lynch's obstruction of justice!
Why? Are you part of the witch hunt?
You are doing great work!
Sounds like contempt to me. And you're all just taking it. Letting Sessions, Coates, and Rodgers do it. No penalties for contempt. 
contempt of congress
THANK YOU for your work on this.
King is a dem in independent clothing can't wait to vote him out of senate always plays the independent card buts votes all dem
You got your BS face time on the news today. Retire!
Go grab yourself another beer and turn on Fox News and applaud when they say something nice about the TRAITOR N CHIEF Trump.
You think of that all by yourself? or did cnn write it down for you!
Great work, thank you Senator.
Sen King you really made Sessions sound like he was trying to worm out of answering excellent questioning thank you for your work on this
If they can just blow off questions at will, what good do these hearings do? Hold them in contempt! Refusing is becoming a dangerous trend.
Thank you for making Maine proud. Too bad Republican senators are content to watch democracy die. Sessions, Coates and Rodgers in contempt.
It's going to be GREAT to vote these crooked lying Republicans out in 2018 and 2020.
Smart questions! Too bad you were answered by the hear no evil, see no evil and speak "do not recall" monkey.
Thank you for your tough questions.
CONTEMPT and COLLUSION TO OBSTRUCT JUSTICE 

SESSIONS COUNTS KELLY TRUMP
A joy to watch you. You are 'my' ME senator (even if I now live in Fl) b/c of the help you gave me when I worked for TR on probate law suppl
You were GREAT.
Why weren't Sessions, Coates and Rodgers held in contempt for not answering questions? We would like to understand how they get away w/this.
Maybe he should have pleaded the fifth like all dems do
Well done per usual Senator King.
We are very proud of you back here at home!
Well done, Senator!
I don't think Trump colluded w Russia. I predict it all comes down to what blackmail Russia has on Trump. Makes the most sense.
Where do this questions take us?  Is there any action?
I did! I appreciate them as I appreciated your questions last week for Comey + previously for Coats +Rogers. Thanks for trying to get answrs

We need more public servants like you @SenAngusKing !!
