Thank you @SenAngusKing!
Thank you. Your statement is more logical than the one Senator Collins released. I trust you will get to "the truth". Occam's razor.
Danger, Danger. We can not let this continue.
Remember it was REPUBLICANS who went after Nixon. Do the right thing. You won't be punished for being a good citizen.
I don't know who paid for your Education but they should DEMAND A REFUND! You are not that Bright! #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica
Actually #25th
Thank you, Senator King. #WeThePeople like your idea of Jim Comey being hired to lead the Senate investigation.
61% say Trump is dishonest 36% approval #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #GOPcoverup
A strongly worded letter, I'm sure this will scare pants off Trump now!
Please push hard for special counsel!!!!
No thanks. U have nothing worthwhile 2 add 2 "You're fired!" I'd be worried about retaining UR spot at the public trough, tho.
Thank you!
Thanks 
@SenAngusKing for your leadership and for putting patriotism above all else.
Looks like you lied senator. You knew there was no trump collusion, Comey told you that. He admitted it under oath.
Comey should be the Special Prosecutor or hired as lead investigator for either the Intelligence Committee or Independent Select Committee
Yes, #TrumpRussiaInvestigation requires a #SpecialProsecutor to get to the truth of what happened. This is truly a #ConstitutionalCrisis.
Thank you for standing up!
Lock him up- it won't be long now.
Russian visitors are a slap to our face and proof of Delusional Don's ignorance- Impeach!
So what would u leftists have said had the Trump folks lavished praise on Comey yesterday instead of firing him?
This POTUS must NOT be ALLOWED to nominate ANYONE! He is under investigation for SERIOUS charges where the country hangs in the balance.
Comey is a hack. Should have been fired for not indicting Hillary. All else is handwaving.
thank you for always following what's right. That's why we love you in Maine!
Don't forget Trump repeated attempts 2 interfere w/ CongInvest & intimidate witnesses This was desperate move after ALL ELSE FAILED 2 DERAIL
Thank you Senator for trying your utmost. We need you to be our voice
I like your idea to hire Comey to run your committee's investigation. Brilliant!
Brilliant idea to make Comey the special prosecutor
Thank you Senator!  More of your colleagues, especially the GOP, need to stand up to Trump before this country becomes a dictatorship!
I just don't think it will work.  The GOP is beyond corrupt now...there has to be another way.....
Yeah ok bla bla bla bla but what are you going to do about it and they know they can do whatever they want.. what can be done to save US
Thank you. At least one of you is not a shill.
Thank you for a better response than @SenatorCollins  - her's was stupid.
DC resident and attorney thanks you.
Only 5 months, my GOD, it feels like an eternity, #HELPUS
Thank you. It's nice that we have a fair Senator when our other @SenatorCollins is a complete puppet if Trump.
Stand up and speak out. Fight for a truly independent investigation.
You have power - pls stand up for our country and demand an independent nonpartisan investigation.
An independent, transparent investigation is needed! Our country and constitution is in crisis! This transcends political parties!
this must be stopped Sen King
Yes. Let's do an independent spc prosecutor but for now, let's publicly see all the evidence of collusion gathered so far.
Thank you. But words are not enough. Action is required.
Take off your blinders, replace them with readers then read Asst. AG report to AG Sessions.
Demand a special prosecutor.
He didn't do his job. Both dems and goo wanted him gone. Get over yourself
Please get an independent prosecutor.  This is Trump covering up.  Please make him release his taxes follow the money - deer isle ME Res
Five months?
Indeed, well said.follow the trump money, senator, that's when things blew up.
Senator King, I am heartened by your statement. Beyond troubling it is. Saying & Doing something about it will be a test for all Senators.
Dream on with your bipartisan notion. Republicans are hell bent on destroying our democracy
Thank you Senator!
Please Sen King for the sake of our country call upon a special prosecutor
Thank you Senator!!  We need you to follow the facts wherever they may lead!!
Thank you so much, Senator King. Please do everything you can to convince your @GOP colleagues to be patriots & put country over party.
@SenAngusKing please, please make this happen!
Thank you for your integrity Senator. As a Maine constituent, I will remember you standing up for democracy! 
need someone on judicial cmmttee.
Thank you!
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR, NOW! I'm a registered Republican preparing to vote a straight Dem ticket in 18 if party doesn't get this right.
Thank you.  I agree with you.  But why is everything moving so slowly?
DO SOMETHING. ENOUGH STATEMENTS.
Thank you. Please keep pushing for a special counsel.
Good idea in your CNN interview. Hire Comey.
Please create an independent bipartisan commission to investigate instead. Here's why: http://wapo.st/2pjTQAc  #firingComey #russiagate
Thank you for calling for an Independent special council. It's long overdue!!
This is pure obstruction. Move to impeach.
Thanks, Angus.  Having a special prosecutor will help put trust in our govt, which it sorely lacks
I am so glad u r our senator,this is a dangerous time 4 our country.time 2 put our country ahead of party
I hope the true patriots @FBI see to it this investigation moves forward.
#WannaBdickTraitor #TrumpCartel #TrumpCartel #TrumpCartel #ReasonisTREASON
King is an embarrassment for the proud State of Maine.
King is a partisan ar*e.
One problem:  it hasn't been working in a NON-PARTISAN fashion.
Thank you Senator King
Dir Comey should be hired as an Independent Investigator
Senator King, a statement is the start. Now what are you going to do?
Please demand an independent investigation into Trump's Russian connections.
Jail To The Chief.
Your words are empywithout actions.
We need a Special Counsel NOW. Don't wait for our democracy to fall. Russia's already in charge. ACT. #IndependentInvestigation
This is the end of our constitution of Republican Patriots do not act.
Words mean nothing w/o action. WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND an #independentProsecutor. U must know it in ur gut something's up! #comey #trumprussia
@SenAngusKing great statement Angus let's see some movement on those words you swore to protect your constituents and your country now do it
I have never been prouder of a Maine Senator!  Thank you sir, for NOT drinking the koolaid!
Thank you, Senator. The timing of this is beyond troubling. We need an independent investigation, now.
The time is now: loyalty to Putin stooge corrupt dictator trump & end of US or to Country.  History and God are watching. #Trumprussia
Thank you! Make it happen!
Timing, as they say, is EVERYTHING! Bravo!
RIGHT @dahlia201 Great! (right senator right?)
thank you - I wish @SenatorCollins would have the same respect for our democracy.
Thank God 1 Maine Senator got it right.
YES!  There must be a special prosecutor.  Thank you for taking a stand on this troubling issue.
Please push hard for an independent investigation.  It's crucial to do so for the sake of our democracy.
Thank you Senator King.
Key words, non partisan manner. You "leaders" have nearly ripped our country apart with your blind partisanship. We r scared. Do something.
Yes please, time for independent investigation.
Thank you Senator. Independent investigation is the only way to regain public trust in our government and its institutions.
I don't always agree with you Sen. King BUT, I appreciate your efforts on behalf of We, The People as we face this treasonous presidency.
Thank You @SenAngusKing We are counting on You to speak truth to the power hungry that are in the process of dissolving the Constitution
even Maxine Watters said no evidence on COLLUSION she just believes it kids believe in tooth fairy doesn't make it real
I agree with you. Thank you for standing with our country. #Trumprussia
Excellent, Senator King. Your colleague @SenatorCollins is peddling the Clinton email version - unconscionable!
TY!  Is this a call for a #SpecialProsecutor ? How can you make that happen?
Please put your country over party and demand a special prosecutor. Do the right thing! #HistoryHasItsEyesOnYou
Sen. King, America needs elected officials to ensure a special commission investigates the Trump administration.
Thank you Senator, now please work to insure a Special Counsel is appointed immediately. Our state, our nation & Democracy demands truth 
You're an #AntiAmerican #Traitor. #Fraud.
Impeach him now, for the good of the country.
Join the Democrats in the Senate and vote Yes for the special prosecutor!
You all are there to lead, I trust you probably more than anyone in DC. It's time for a moderate party... Lead we will follow
just "calling for it" isn't enough. Get Special Counsel appointed or you are just as guilty.
Thank you. We want a thorough, independent investigation. We also want the despotic, high-handedness of #45 checked immediately.
Yes Comey should lead investigation
We need someone who will be remember by history as a hero of democracy. This statement sadly is without BALLS. Earn that independent title!
Do something or u r just another GOP traitor
Impeachment necessary
It's simply called Obstruction of justice!
Vote your tweet. Pressure your R colleagues
This needs to be an URGENT PRIORITY.  TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE!
Thank you for your patriotism and leadership at a time when it is seriously lacking in our country.
@SenatorCollins Sen Collins, this is how you lead. Support if Trumps action is accessory after the fact to Treason. Shame!!
He is an independent
Yes!!  This makes it as obvious as it really is.
So please act! We will resist and support #Resist #impeachTrumpnow
Thank you for your leadership!!
Stand up and do something American is burning
You must FUND STAFF for that Committee, Senator! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Words are fine, but we need action. Thank you.
Will you now stand up and put our country before your party and DEMAND a special prosecutor or investigator into this possible collusion!?
Pretty sure he's an Independent.
Please help us.
please let this be more than lipservice. We need the GOP to step up regardless of kompromat and choose country over party.
Public statements like this are Congressional equivalent of Trump's "all hat and no cattle" Executive Orders. Quit dicking around, Senator!
Yes, thank you!
Just saw u on New Day &  the idea of hiring Comey!!! Please make that happen!
While I appreciate what ur saying, esp w/ u being a republican, a special PROSECUTOR is needed.
He's an Independent. Works w/Dem caucus.
Oh. Well, I thought it was too good to be true that a republican was actually bipartisan...
McCain has stepped up.
True! I've always had faith in McCain. Too bad trump didn't insult more republican senators, i.e. "I like ppl who weren't captured."
Yes, exactly. Thank you Senator King! Please hold your colleagues in the Senate accountable for this. Don't let them bury it.
Special Prosecutor Now. Country over party.
Make it happen!
Make it happen!
Thank you for honorable service.  Country and rule of law must prevail.  You $colleagues who stand up will be rewarded by a grateful nation.
Make haste no time to waste.
New rule: using the word 'troubling' is lame - you should be angry and scared for our democracy! Find your backbone!
It's what an autocrat does....#RESISTANCE
Damn right! Had better see a whole lot more of this today!!
...As long as this independent council/investigation isn't used as a diversion and/or stall tactic re: #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Is it time to consider impeachment?
As a constituent of yours in Maine, please make this hapoen.  Impeach him, fire him, duct tape him to a chair.  We only care he stops
Thank you for saying so sir. We need an independent investigation now. We the people need to know the truth.
Amen! Country over party! Please investigate!
IMO all so far collected evidence by the FBI needs to be secured. WH must not gain access to it.
Thank you Senator.  Now, more than ever, we need our leaders to put country over party.
I agree with you 100% Sen. King. You have the power to appoint a special counsel to investigate Trump. Enough is enough! Make this happen!!!
Independent invention that is wholly separate of your party. Sorry, but at this point, trust has been lost.
It is critical that people start acting like patriots, put country before party and work to make this happen.
thank you for courage senator.
It's time for independents and democrats to stop being pc, republicans are useless. Fix this mess or we will! #coup
It is time for action over talk. You can put Country above party. Please!
@RepCummings @tedlieu @AdamSchiffCA please draw up impeachment papers now.
Bravo
An independent prosecutor is needed now!  Please make this happen!
Help us. Please. We're begging now.
Statements are nice but we need action. Please insist upon a special/independent prosecutor.
We need to see action.  An independent investigation and prosecutor is imperative.  #TrumpRussia #independentProsecutor
Special council fine but it will be We The People that save America!!!
March for Truth is on!!!!!
Thank you
The guy should have been fired long before President Trump took office
Good riddance to him
Please share your views with Senator Collins. She does seem very concerned at all.
Your statement is truly appreciated.  Please help persuade @SenatorCollins!   #mepolitics
WH did this knowing there would be blowback.  Calculated it would be  worth it.  Why?  Did Trump KNOW he'd still have GOP licking his boots?
Thank you so much for your voice of reason. Donald Trump must face impeachment and rule of law must be restored.
I ADMIRE PUTIN - TRUMP 2016
Thank you Senator. Please push for an independent bipartisan investigation immediately. Please support any house impeachment procedure
Thank you, Senator King.
Without a #SpecialProsecutor, this investigation can't move forward in an apolitical manner.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
Thank you!
Please push for an independent investigation.
Thank you Senator. Now if we can get @SenatorCollins onboard too, her statement was disturbing & grossly overlooked this abuse of power.
thank you. Will you now PLEASE DEMAND an independent investigation ?
Bravo Senator!! Comey shouldn't have been fired. The reason is ridiculous. Glad you agree > We need independent investigation.
Thank you. You are more principled and clear-eyed than @SenatorCollins
No one cares you're a traitor
"Incredible. And the list keeps growing. As I said, Trump and his team have more Russian connections than Aeroflot!" Garry Kasparov
While I agree w the intent of your statement, as pointed out by @benmcginnes it is day 109 of Trump's reign. Over 6 months since election.
Well, I did make it easy to quickly check with this:
They had to have a reason & at the same time NOT mention #Russia. Think about it; this is transparently a #CoverUp!!
Anus another democrat Fraud
Independent investigation
