It's easy to stand up to your opponents, but it's hard to stand up to your friends: http://instagram.com/p/BXF4FIGDXL4/?taken-by=anguskingmaine …
Speak out against #RU propaganda found at #Trump Campaign website . @internetarchive @waybackmachine
@textifyer59 @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski why did it have to be brave? What's he have on other GOP senators?
You mean they screwed the voters who are suffering under Obamacare.  You vote with the liberals all the time and screw us here in Maine
You are so lucky to have Sen. King and Collins representing you in ME. What courageous senators who represent the majority of residents.
Really  Obviously you have failed to talked to the residents of Maine who actually work for a living and have gotten stuck with Obamacare
Senator Angus King has.
only a democrat would support being a lying politician....murkowski and mccain lied to their constituencies....
They did there jobs and nothing more. What does is say about the rest?
That is very true. The three were the bravest I have seen since I started voting. Now it's time for Bipartisan cooperation.
Obcare is basically an extreme expensive catastrophic insurance plan for middle class families w a premium over 10k and dedectible over 10k
Disgraced.  these 3 senators and dems didn't want to help middle class families to hv a real health insu,  let middle class families down!
As a metastatic #breastcancer fighter, you all have my deep #gratitude.  #STOPTrumpCare
Pay Attention Mainers- or if you have FRIENDS in @MaineGreatAgain Replace @SenAngusKing 2018 with @SenatorBrakey Help Brakey Unseat King
You are a socialist democrat hiding behind the independent flag.  You hurt the working class in Maine and left Blaine House a millionaire??
I don't think you know what a brave vote is.  I would be happy with honest and I don't believe you know what that is either.
McCain's no vote was payback for Trump's POW comments. McCain was a true war hero but he let the country down last night for vengeance.
He voted the way his constituency wanted him to vote.  He doesn't represent American, he is Arizona's voice
And you Sen. King are remarkable: a straight shooter and a smart atty. I already sent thanks to the GOP trio.
Yours counted too
Will you @SenAngusKing vote for Casey Collins and show your bipartisanship?
Correction: Cassidy Collins ACA replacement plan.
You going to pay for families paying the premiums they can't afford. What are people to do
Hey Mama! Arent you on Medicare?
Thank you Sen King. Pls keep up the good work on the committees
And thank you, too, Senator. We don't take your vote for granted.
What did they vote for more of the same???  Just blowin in the wind!!  U have never had solutions for Maine. Just words and wind.
McCain vote in favor of Obama care was just another delusional act of a mentally unstable MacCain being managed by Liberals. take it to bank
Many thanks to all of you. Special thanks also to Sen.@maziehirono who flew in from Hawaii while battling stage 4 liver cancer.  #HeroesWeek
Republicans need to impeach Trump 25th amendment
McCain is a disgrace to Republican Party and the American people that voted for him. He showed his true colors. He is no republican.
Thank you !!!!!!
@SenatorCollins voted her conscience over party each time. Strong and smart.
McCain yes. Collins no, it would hurt her re-election chances to vote for. Murkowski I don't know the politics. Voters not stupid :)
Amen!
And thanks to you too Senator King.Lives were saved.There could not be a more heroic act. Mainers and Americans who depend on the ACA exhale

Yeah you should try it sometime
Disagree. If all 3 were voted out of office next year, would they become homeless?  What's the bravery involved?
Yeah except they aren't up for re-election next year.
Thanks to all for representing and defending the people.  This is the "stuff" true LEADERS are made of!
And to you, Senator, for being an eloquent and persistent advocate for the people of Maine!
Thank you! Thank you!!!
What's happening with the Awan investigation?

When is he to testify to your committee?
Thank you all for standing up for American people and not allowing the bullying from @realDonaldTrump to stop you. Fantastic Friday.
Agreed. Future generations will know of them in the history books; the kind of soul this country was founded upon. 
We thank you for doing the right thing from the get go. You have many proud Mainers today.  Naysayers are mostly out of staters. Thank you!
People need to be brave as we stare down these issues of extreme partisanship and the WH wanting to destroy our traditions and govt.  norms.
thank you senators...I know it took a lot of bravery to cast those votes!
#SinglePayer solves many issues & increase SSDI! Work w/public not just politicians, lobbyists,  organizations 2 get needs & answers!
#ImpeachTrump #FireMcConnell #ImpeachPence Time 2 clean House & Senate of traitors & extremists trying 2 destroy country & government!
Thank you for saving our most vulnerable!
Lol and throw the middle class under the BUS
One day, you too might put on your big boy pants and vote against your democrat party instead of pretending to be an independent.
Hear Hear
Thank you for your vote as well, Angus!
@SenJohnMcCain betrayed the constituency that put him in office.  His voters didn't want this. Shut your lobster-eating piehole.
Schumer already calling for a massive taxpayer bailout. Who pays? BK the working middle class? Or BK the USA? Double national debt again?
Middle Class screwed again
Thank YOU @SenAngusKing for intelligent and compassionate leadership every day.
I figured out how to be well AND stop this madness that led to $205k...yet I'm sure you've no interest in hearing just how I did that do ya?
I have an actual presentation that I'd be willing to show you in your office here in Maine anytime...I'll show you how we can save huge $$$$
Naw they really don't want ideas cause the for profit insurance companies have a huge grip on all our political leaders, even those in Maine
With all due respect my good Senator from Maine. I was caught up in this health care system for 5.5yrs = $205k services yet no better yet...
but not necessarily in that order. :) and thanks to you!
Thanks also to the Dems who refused to stop fighting. But please put the order: Collins, Murkowski & McCain. The 1st 2 fought early & often.
Lacking any convo about the root causes of our poor health as a nation it's obvious the health care debate is anything but...
Too bad we never talk about why we are one of the sickest most unhealthy folk due to our insane diet of toxin laden produce/products...why??
With increases of government assistance programs and more funds over last 8 years comes rise in obesity and health issues???
What I'm saying is huge piece of our lack of wellness is directly related to corporate greed that owns our politicians and regulations w/$$$
Especially @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski who voted NO again and again despite Sen. Murkowski being bullied by the Trump admin.
https://twitter.com/iSenseChange/status/890826137890205696 …
You're pretty awesome too!
and MAZIE!!!
lol
All good but let's not forget how hard Dems fought and being in the minority they fought back and won. Need you all to start bragging too!
Seems more like cowardice to me Senator
Thank you too, Sir! For your persistence & dedication.Good always prevails!
All three are #Heroes
Really?
Thank you, sir, for all that you have done to restore my faith in this democracy.
Lol
And thanks to you too, @SenAngusKing!
