Exclusive: Donald Trump asked James Comey to end the Michael Flynn inquiry in February, Comey wrote in a memo then http://nyti.ms/2pROmsW 
The American people are totally confused by the attention to Russia and how it reflected on Hillary not being elected. Can we move forward?
Isn't/never was about election results. It's about possible collusion betwn foreign govt & pres camp/admin & now obstruction of justice.
You have no idea what your'e talking about. Typical Dim.
But reading will. Here are some to get you started.
Russia didn't attack the voting machines, right? Where are the priorities of the USA and our allies? Ignore the "DNC" witch hunt! USA first!
If a sitting president commits obstruction of justice, putting "USA first" means doing exactly what Sen. King is doing.
Mature, informed response. Perhaps read a little more on the topic and offer something other than a flip dismissal.
If it was so serious back then why is it "leaking" now?  Your party is a bunch of frauds. Why not go after NYT for exposing Israel as source
Sen. King is an independent. And if he were a Dem, his party would be the one working to expose the frauds and treasonous actors.
Yes, you are correct. Trump is an "absolute fraud."
Right. Because a nut job lib says so...
Actually, he is proving it every day by his own words and action. Clearly that reality is not something you will/can accept.
I'm glad for that, but please do not take too long...America can't take much more, and the evidence is quite clear.
Yeah. The evidence is quite clear, that there is no evidence.
I'd like you to explain your comment about obstruction of justice?? Nothing President Trump did is obstructing anything. #KingNeedsToGo
Don't bother them with facts.
Because you will get a partial answer and twist the meaning.
MY GOODNESS! NOW IT'S VERY SERIOUS!  TRUMP BEHAVIOR HAS BEEN BEYOND SERIOUS FOE DAYS & WEEKS.  QUIT TWEETING & TAKE ACTION. DO RIGHT FOR USA
Funny how no one takes any action isn't it ? Too bad you're not smart enough to figure out why.
Didn't acting director McCabe just testify under oath last week that there was NO interference in ANY of their investigations ???

What's it going to take to believe POTUS is unfit?
Please wait for the facts before talking about impeachment makes maine look bad
May 3rd commey under oath on cspan (TRUMP DID NOT PRESSURE ME) 1 MONTH AFTER MEMO CNN.KNOWS . TWISTS EVRYTHING  GO AFTER THEM. 1 YR NO TRUTH
I hope that process includes an Independent commission. Partisan politics have already undermined our confidence in the process so far.
Please. We beg you. Do.
Get angry senator. You can read the facts everyday. Impeach the fool or face an angry electorate
"This is serious." GOP keeps walking. They all got the same speaking points. How far does the corruption reach in the GOP party?
If Trump asked Comey to drop charges Feb 14th Comey should have legally at the time reported it.
Save U.S, trump needs to gracefully step down.
I like facts too http://hammerformaine.com/must-read-about-angus-king/ … … Mailed in the paperwork for my US Senate candidacy against you.  #mepolitics
What is there to obtain if Flynn was cleared in January? Stop pandering!
He hasn't been cleared. Quite the opposite actually. He will likely be indicted soon.
Obtain facts you already said it's an Impeachment offense on tv. Never Ever vote for you again. NEVER
Are you going to see that Hillary, Lynch, Comey and Obama are brought to justice?
Are you going to arrest Loretta Lynch for covering up Hillary's crimes?
Which is why you were one of the first to bring up impeachment??
you sir, are a phony old hack and a liar ..I want to see all memo's of Comey all Obama's Lynche's Schumrer's every one of them ..I dare you
What does 45 have to do to prove to you he is unfit to serve? GOP agenda dead in the water. Interims r in jeopardy
Thank you, Senator King. Our country is in a dangerous place at the moment. Please continue to stay on this critical issue.
It's about damn time. You've had months to seek facts. I'm glad you finally feel your hand being forced.

#russia #corruption #obstruction
Thank you, @SenAngusKing!
Those who lie or exaggerate to weaken Trump may harm national security in the process
You were wrong on @Morning_Joe, this has nothing to do with not liking his politics, this is National security. #IMPEACH
Who cares what Trumps base thinks-nothing will matter to them anyway.get in touch w reality-RESIST is the answer-@Morning_Joe @morningmika
too much running room 4 Trump-the country is NOT split down middle>Trump @ 30%-Hillary won x 3MM-KEEP IT REAL_ @Morning_Joe @morningmika
Correct you are!
I cannot believe words you speak   Your words totally IGNORE RUSSIAN COLLUSION ! TREASON! SHAME ON YOU'
That would be different Senator. Arriving at facts before drawing conclusions
Millions of us view you as a serious matter of treason and fabricating conspiracy theories to try and overthrow a sitting president
The serious matter is you deceiving Maine voters claiming that your an  independent. Midterm elections we will deal your leftist agenda.
Isn't it odd that this memo only comes out AFTER Comey gets fired ???
Newsflash Angus - Trump was Comey's boss, and it's well within his rights to tell him what to do, or fire him.
Please do what's right. Trump is dangerous, unstable, and has no respect for democracy.
Good.
Don't be a turdwhistle.... wait for the facts before casting aspersions
Yes, please do. We appreciate and need your integrity in the Senate right now.
Number 45 needs to be removed by whatever means necessary feetfirst would please me greatly
Common sense!!
Thank you for your service!
@POTUS @seanhannity 
Angus? Just your name says it all!
A big sizzling steak!
Shut it!
Who voted for a guy with such a name?
Yada yada. Get on with it, then! We need this clown show to stop. It is not biz as usual.
Watch "SCRIPT - Top 10 Staged Media Events!" on YouTube
https://youtu.be/eHDDQVZ-A98  fun vid plz share
Good plan. And then act on it! We need a special prosecutor!
So proud of the way you are representing Maine and our country. I believe he should be impeached but respect your going thru the process
He is a clear and present danger and needs to be impeached and charged with treason!
Like BO asked the DOJ and FBI not to charge HRC!! And there was clear evidence, for starters 8 TOP SECRET EMAILS @ TIME SENT OR RECEIVED!!
As an independent your hands are clean. Do'nt side with them on this and you won't sink with them #sethrich
#ImpeachNow
Senator King: appricicte your cautious and wise approach to important matters. If you were in Ohio I would vote for you.
I have always admired Senator King from way back when he was Governor!
Thank you.
Thank you.
I hope someone does it seems like the Rs don't care about what's best for USA only what's best for Big$ politics
ALL of them in DC, None have shown they really want the people to have better government, too much infighting to focus on people's needs!
If i were u i would void trumps passport. And dont let him leave the US next week, he aint commin back seeking asylum in other countries.
I agree
You couldn't look any American in the face and tell them this stuff doesn't happen all the time in government. Doesn't make it right, I know
Well sir. Get ta busy.  We Americans have had enough!
I trust you, Senator. And it would please me no end if you could be a co-President w Biden or Collins till we straighten this out. Thank you
As a native Mainer I say to you DIRIGO. 
Me too
