You should have King and Rubio on at the same time. We need debate, not people selling their own points one at a time.
I second this
If the three of them debated, King would destroy them. He's so sensible and steady.
Don't think so, Jay could give him a run for his money.  King is just nasty old man.
You clearly don't know King. He was my governor for many years & then senator. One of the most level-headed senators there is.
He was very nasty to a former R senator but is weak when it comes to questioning a Dem.  political bias.
Which GOP senator and when? Need context. He's extremely centrist - which is why he can't support most GOP moves right now.
Very nasty to AG Sessions recently at hearing.  Didn't see him go hard on Comey either.
@SenAngusKing you should spend more time working on policies that helps Maine middle class. All this look at me makes you look like Comey!
Unemployment 
Confidence 
Yet all fighting POTUS & middle 
Why is that?
@JaySekulow is nothing more than a Trump political hack. Surely you could have found a better Trump advocate unless you're serving red meat.
We want to hear the truth for once.....not more liberal MSM lies
There is no reason to 'bring in'  Obama admin. There are enough criminals  in this one.
FYI Sen King: Clapper Lies about NSA Bulk Data Collection https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3d-re0dtKA&sns=tw … #mtp
Why in the world do you give air time to such a self serving hypocrite as rubio
A brilliant Professor from LSE that I had stated.  " Don't think the folks that have  finger on the button are any brighter than you " TRUE
The media the R's the D's the Is are all fighting POTUS 
We need to speak with our 
No more $ until they work for 
Por favor tell Marco that Cuba will have elections for President when Puerto Rico can vote for President. Democracy begins at home.
Interesting how you've decided what will happen in Cuba for all Cubans. Is your maiden name Castro?
Angus King must've forgotten this jewel- Clapper: "Muslim Brotherhood mostly secular, eschews violence" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POwd44zH9GA&sns=tw … #mtp
Try and be fair for once....
Amazing anyone has ANY Trump asscs on but never have the guts to call them on lies & hypocrisy.
Jay Sucks-at-Law is a real dope!
Please stop saying you're independent you're a Democrat.


Marco I think Chuck meant Sessions said he had no knowledge before the recusal and thats bad
20%into investigation and months of wasted time and money!All you want to do is sit on these panels proving nothing!Get to the people's work
@SenRubioPress @SenSanders  @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes 
#Shame on Rubio, meetting DJT,  DEAL/ Cuba 4 giving POTUS cover 4 ILLEGAL ACTS.
Meet the Republicans. ..name changes in order
The Obama Administration had Tangible acts and deeds case in point the Iran Deal that placed the USA at a disadvantage. Absolute PASS on it
I can only assume that we have made the leap that Pres. Trumps Tweets are policy and statement thus subject to investigation
Trump collusion with Russia ? The Russians have done an EXCELLENT job of focusing on the Dog to chase its tail ! The REAL issues sidetracked
@realDonaldTrump 
#Sekulow Destroys Todd #DNC #DeepState #Media Conspiracy To UnderMine #Trump Presidency Like #Election2016 Hides #FBI #DOJ
Last week should be named hire a lawyer week.
James SuckyAtLaw-stupidest lie yet Trump didn't even use full 140 char 4tweet & if he wanted 2make point he could do 2nd tweet
@SenAngusKing why didn't you tell about DHS hack of Indiana voter roles? The state hack is a canard
I would watch, but most of us in Maine don't respect King...maybe u will figure out why after you "meet" him.
We will watching the The electrician thief.
Isn't #MTP the reason they started the Hallmark Channel?
Oh good more Rubio. Honestly Chuck bring some doctors onto the show @BillCassidy and discuss secret AHCA dealings
@chucktodd please don't leave us in suspense.Tell us the topics for June 18 @MeetThePress Tell us the product of your journalistic activity
What is this Counsel cost 2 taxpayers??
I hear we have 13M hungry children in
Why do we pay 4 petty politics over kids
a show that had been destroyed by Chuck
So no Democrats?
Ask #LittleCastro if the roll back on Cuba was worth his pledge of loyalty to 45...#Pay2PlayRepublican
I would prefer a Donald Duck & Mickey Mouse cartoon hour.
.@chucktodd @MeetThePress, I got you DVR'd wvery Sunday! Looking forward to your segment.
So HRC's campaign manager Pedesta owns Russian Co, Senator Warner (D-intel committe) owns $6 million in Russian tech stock-Trump ties?
No thanks.
Ask Rubio about this:  http://www.tampabay.com/news/politics/stateroundup/politifact-florida-marco-rubios-parents-immigration-predated-castro/1198006 …
There are massive profits in Health Care monopolies that finance GOP campaigns since WW2. Obama Care = competition at the state level:Mitt
Why are people interested in talking to @marcorubio? Arghhh such a national disgrace
Let's see how U hold rubio's feet to the fire!
Great line up for some splainin' to do.Outstanding work staff!
( @JordanSekulow )
 Were he not on, I would not even bother to watch! 
#PendulumHasSwung
The good...
The bad... and...
The ugly...
Rubio better lawyer up million dollar Russian man
Let me guess Trump said this Trump said that. Same Bull Shit every week. Hire Tim Russerts son
They need to stand up for President
Cambridge Analytica, NYC FBI Office,  Rudy Giuliani, Erik Prince, Manafort, Flynn, Kushner.
Feel free to ask Marco why his entire political philosophy is to take whatever stance will endear him to those in power
So two shills and one dedicated public servant. Sounds like a panel, LEGGO!
Republican house, senate and president: five months in and so far, there’s no budget agreement, no tax deal, no healthcare deal, nothing.
@chucktodd @GOP @DNC @SpeakerRyan Cuba,under US Embargo,provides Free Health Care+Education for life for all. Give them credit
Ru Ru Rubio Oh Oh! Sorry every time I see his name I sing that song
Sekulow? Isn't getting paid to be a Trump surrogate? We need objective people on this show. SUK-U-LOW is FAR from objective.
Like we need to stand up for Charles Manson. So you're saying that the IC is conspiring to frame Trump?  You are the one that needs help.
Why Rubio?
Cuba.
Interesting Not really JK
Grill Liddle Marco until he's blue in the face, and yes, please have Angus King on the same panel.
CNN confirms God created black female officer and doctor who saved gay bashing homophobic Scalises life were both gay
Can't wait to hear Angus King talk.
He's easily the Sam Elliott of the Senate
Angus King has got it together
Angus will outsmart Rubio in a flash and expose Trump's lies.
Please ask Rubio if it is true that he, along with other Senators,  sold his AHCA vote in exchange for Trump's Cuban restrictions.
Democrat propaganda and fake news.  Don't watch!  #turnthechannel
@SenAngusKing im in Maine. Now I dont care for king. Governor lepage and sen. Collins. These people dont care about Maine.
I guess I will be the one yelling at the TV tomorrow. I wonder if Chuck will have to have his lawyer present?
Talk, talk and more talk, and not one job will be created. TV for Washington insiders only.
? Someone runs the studio.
Any democrats?
King is basically a Dem.  acts like one
Chuck please go hard on Trump's legal team, corner him
I hope Trump pulls the plug on this expensive Counsel
His poll #'s would skyrocket 
Take & feed our 13M hungry children
Why is a member of Trump's legal team doing meet the press?
He's between phones?
Jay Sekulow, smartest SC litigator in the country(well next to Cruz), I love this guy.  Trump's dream team of lawyers is impressive
He'll take care of nasty King.  Jays the man.
only the left-leaning guest is an 'exclusive' one, I see.  Typical.
why would anyone go on this bias show
