Sabotaged, mugged, poisoned. Pick your verb f/disgraceful desertion of the poor whose right to healthcare is being stolen by the rich!
You're delusional and part of the liars in DC.  Obamacare was a disaster from day 1.  You can keep your insurance and doctor, lies all lies!
It's time for a couple new senators in Maine
Oh so people are just dreaming when they see their premiums skyrocketing
No, we can blame the GOP for not working with DNC to fix OCare. Wait til TrumpCare arrives, then you’ll really be whining.
I should think 45 should be jailed down the road for the impending loss of life resulting from this. He's no better than a mass murderer.
All because of Trump racial hatered for President Obama
Half the senators that voted for Obamacare(all democrats) were not part of the senate in January 2010. Beaten by gop to show peoples anger
Republicans are cowards and have lost whatever moral authority they may have had.
Bet your insurance rates haven't gone up 28% . Not to mention our need to increase deductibles.
Well said. Thank you.
1/4 of my salary goes to health insurance.  One more bump up and I'm going to be forced to rely on Gov. Rich aren't paying, I am.  #repeal
I would love for you to run for President. How about it???
If this affordable healthcare is so affordable to insure my family it would cost me a 900 a month and have 3000 deductible and 6000 out of
13 follower bot
Liberals ALWAYS lie.  Affordable it ain't.  Unless someone else is paying for it.
It's about time somebody shut that takeover of Healthcare by Govt down!
Excellent, let's mug social security next
I love you Angus King.
You had your chance and sat on your hands. d
I want to be the change. How can I best help? Our rates increased 54%.
Please please Angus. We have to remove him
Trump is the Mugger
Thank you @SenAngusKing I just wish @realDonaldTrump lived in the real world with you and me. That senile old man doesn't have a clue.
Sen...exactly.  It was a deliberate attack on the ACA and Americans who need it's coverages the most!  @GOP & @realDonaldTrump 
As it should be
How can you talk about something being mugged when you joined with Obama passing healthcare with beaten members of senate. That's a mugging!
#ACA vs #Trumpcare 
Let's all say it together: because #trump'samoron
Thank you.   ACA is the law and the admin is not upholding the law.
We need single payer
The government has no business dispensing health care. If anything they should regulate it to keep costs down, then we all win.
Do something? What exactly do you think he can do with Trump signing EOs & actively promoting the death of OCare?
IMPEACH For Fucks Sake!
YOU, SIr, are a LIAR. It was DOA, it KILLED my formerly affordable plan, and KILLED policies for 29MIL families. You LIAR.
If it’s coming from the repubs it more like shot at
Passive-aggressive behavior being used by politicians (in plain sight) as strategy! This is an unacceptable level of cynicism. #healthcare
By this sabotage, Trump is failing to faithfully execute the laws. He has no regard for human well being. Please support impeachment
You should resign you liar.
Thanks @SenAngusKing

The people's advocates in this current administration are absent

GOP Austerity cuts redistributed for Rich tax cuts!
Glad someone's finally saying it!
Pocket max per person how is this affordable 
Please explain
thank you for actually being honest about the reality of this tyrant in the whitehouse using Gestapo tactics2 hide the truth from the public
THANK  YOU @SenAngusKing 

Unlike complicit #GOP @SenatorCollins , I'm PROUD that you are MY Senator

PLEASE  #FixACA 
Folksy
Thank you, Angus!
ACA was &is worst now,failing long b 4 Trump took over trying 2MAGA. LEFT LOST. ITs BEEN 10 MONTHS SINCE REPUBS, THANK GOD, WON. GET OVER IT
YA THINK?
God Bless You, Angus King.  My vote for you is ready when you decide to become POTUS. You are an honorable and good man.
In 28 days- it will be time to sign up for OPEN  ENROLLMENT for the ACA- pass it on
And trying to roll it in the ditch. 
Pretty despicable really.
Go get ‘em!  I am with you.
Thank you!
It's the unaffordable healthcare act, and you're delusional to the end if you think it's not collapsed!
It's like unplugging monitors and ripping out IVs while cutting off medication and then pretending to be shocked when the patient dies.
thank you for speaking up.  please continue at every opportunity.
According to the Democratic plan, the rates are going up for less coverage and taxes on other health insurance are coming in 2018-2019.
You and Collins drove one more insurer out of Maine. Good job Angus we are so proud of you??!!
I agree!
Angus in Denial of a failed democratic program.
Fight the fools, Senator.
Well said Senator!  Thank you!
How can we stop that?
We love you Senator. Make us proud.
So true!!!
Honesty, always fashionable. Even on the hill. Thank you, Senator. #saveACA #SaveCHIP  Bipartisan tweak to ACA, please.
The affordable care act is a rabid dog that needs to be put down. @SenAngusKing
Your obama care mugged the American people I can't afford insurance anymore you dumb asd
So sad the Republicans throwing their base under the bus,cause a black man embarrassed  them.
@Mondiablue Truth
Can't you do SOMETHING to keep this from happening??  It IS the law, despite GOP attempts to repeal it.  It NEEDS TO BE FUNDED AS INTENDED!
Grandma loses her meals on wheels and your neighbor's child loses his health insurance so the rich can get a tax break. Take back America!
Very compelling debate today. Current HHS is obligated under law to administrate the current ACA.ACA is NOT failing,It's being sabotaged.
Thank you sir.  Now let's figure out a solution.  We can't cut these people off from health care just because of politics.  Too important.
It's here to stay so get use to it only the President and the GOP are saying this what about everyone else.
TY for speaking the truth. Pls try to keep it going. #ProtectOurCare
Thank you Again! 
Suffocated
It was collapsing before Trump. Tell the truth.
It's an economic disaster that gives bureaucrats control over individual liberty and responsibility. No wonder you don't understand reality
No it isn't?
Taxes are up, no solutions in sight, 2 day work weeks for congress, time for clowns like anus to go
Thank you for speaking the truth about what Trump, McConnell, and Ryan are attempting to do with the ACA.
Can you afford the premiums I can't
False
This Sen deserves NO praise as he's not open to even discuss solutions to this mess...he's a pawn
Thank You @SenAngusKing
They threaten us with shittier health care so everyone remains happy with shitty health care when the shittier version fails...brilliant
Hey King...so what's been the affordable part of our shitty health care system that is more based on profits not health
Thanks for standing up for your constituents!
Thank you! It IS about people in Maine, Massachusetts, Alaska and 57 other states!
