Talk of pardoning AZ sheriff on the same day speaks volumes.
Now is the time to push for impeachment or resignation. Defending Nazi's  and white supremacists is not acceptable in POTUS. #hehasgottogo
Senator, as you'll know by now, the president's words were too little, too late, & followed by unhinged tweets. America is at a dangerous
crossroads, with division, hatred, & public displays of white supremacy enabled by 45, Bannon, Gorka, Miller & Sessions civil rights repeal
Congress owns this now.
 45 needs to be stopped now before it is too late
Can you speak up strongly and lead?
Senator, his words are too late .  He is unfit for duty
BLM And ANTI-FA too? Radical Islam too?
You are enabling him, Senator, by not stopping him and this horrendous administration.
Not a courageous statement senator. You get an A for playing nice. Listen to Maxine Waters she understands courage.
Assuming you heard what he just said - stand up to this fascist - #ImpeachTrumpNow
Really disappointed in your weak statement @SenAngusKing
No chance. Delayed and insincere statements, lack of action re Gorka, Bannon, Miller will never unite. Trump advocated violence, here it is.
Trump must go. We are done w him senator. He is going to get us all killed. And that's just here at home! Pls help us!
This has nothing to do with Trump. Do you remember Ferguson during Obama admin? Baltimore riots?
And what do we hope for now? Another Civil War? Trump must go. #Impeach45
Call out @POTUS @realDonaldTrump on HIS complicity.  You're against him or you're ok with his RACISM.
#ImpeachTrump
'both sides' were not the problem IN VIRGINIA - maybe you can read what the KKK social media said - 'the president refused to condemn us'
2/2 The act of Congress I speak of is #impeachment.
I believe Trump will widen the divide and we are at risk of regression as a civilzation/society.  Thank you for speaking up.
President's Words really!!! I'm any modern civilization ramming a vehicle with malicious intent to kill or harm ppl is called terrorism..
You need to take action remove POTUS & other white supremacists from WH & government positions ! Now!
This was a good thought. Unfortunately, the president began talking again today too....
Thank you Senator KIng. I support you and I'm glad you are saying what needs to be said about racism.
His words are hollow.  His actions scream for violence.
Pres Obama said it perfectly. trump fumbled a weak try. Nice to hear your thoughts on the subject as I think you show promise 4 a political
Respectfully, it will take an Act of Congress for us2 be the 'UNITED States'.Trump ran a campaign of bigotry and divisiveness and racism.1/2
A view from Scotland. Sorry senator,4 sake of ur country/world,he needs 2 go.He is a torch 4 ur far right.
Senator, 45 has gone beyond getting any more chances to get it right. He is clearly incapable of stopping this train wreck. Up to congress
trumps words JUST hurt us more and  I don't feel safe in AMERICA from KKK, WHITE SUPREMACISTS TERRORIST, NAZIS!
Senator, he is not my president. The senate and house need to lead.
This president is incapable of uniting this country because he supports the agenda of supremacists. They surround him in the White House.
Senator, pls be bold and demand #CleanOutWH #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller No white supremacists in our WH!
You must be new around here.
Don't hold your breath, youll just turn blue and psss out only to regain breathing again.
Too little too late! Called your office today to demand action NOW! we do not want or need nazi sympathizers in the WH! #Impeach
He showed his true lack of any moral center once again...Stop looking 4 him to lead because he cannot. Others must step up and lead now!
Angus, please run for POTUS.  We've exhausted all the avenues available to straighten out Trump, and it's just not going to happen.
Senator, your words do not condemn the brutality of the alt-right bigots and terrorists. Sounds like Trump's aboutism. Be a man!
We know how heartfelt his message was, given the timing.  Too little, too late.
bigotry: intolerance toward those who hold different opinions from oneself.
One very late apology does not negate his ongoing hate-filled behavior. It is time for Congress to act and #removefromoffice now.
Trump's initial comments (and lack thereof) made it clear where he stands on this. He deserves no credit for unity.
He didn't mean anything he said today he was backed into a corner. If the lady killed was black, Hispanic or Muslim he wouldn't say anything
Will you denounce ANTIFA, BLM, Black Panthers, etc who cause violence and continue to divide us?
It wasn't enough. How can you all continue to support him? #ImpeachTrumpNOW
He responded to Merck's CEO within minutes. Why did it take days to respond to the terrorists in VA? Where is the leadership?
You failed to mention the Antifa army.
good luck with that. Let's get some action from Congress. Words are not enough. - Tom from Maine
To late this White House is a mess.
Senator, you are always a fair and disciplined voice of reason . Maine and the US Senate are fortunate to have you in these difficult times.
@SenAngusKing You are @UVA alum. You were @PineTreeLegal. You taught leadership, US history @BowdoinCollege. You can do better than this.
Again .. he has nothing but validate their existence for fear of losing much of his despicable base.
Senator he fell short without dignity and humanity. He is the alt right
Unfortunately .. he had nothing but validated their existence
Please Sir the lack of this being his first statement says a lot. you can't unring a bell their praise of him after first time says it all
The President's words?  He can't even speak in complete sentences!  We are looking to you to defend us from him, not provide cover to him!
Empty words solve nothing, @SenAngusKing
Seems unlikely. I think if you're going to condemn Nazis you do it quickly because otherwise it looks like you kind of don't really mean it.
Anything short of publicly acknowledging the presidents part in provoking American white supremacist violence is beneath your office.
His empty words to not negate all the gerrymandering, voter suppression, etc that him and GOP are doing--which is inherently racist.
Good luck with that. Trump won't unite anyone.
@realDonaldTrump s words were 3 days stale, obviously written by someone else, & he could barely get them out. They mean less than nothing
It'd be nice, but his 1st instinct was to "both sides" a situation with literal Nazis & Klan members.
Unfortunately too little too late.
Not Trump fame but I think that second press conference was better. I'm proud he said what Americans needed to hear.
King for President
Senator he had no choice and he knew it. He could not move forward with anything unless he spoke. Rings hollow after two days.
His silence on Saturday & Sunday say it all.
4get hope let's take a stand now against what we know to be bad
#Charlottesville = #TrumpLegacy
Tell Bannon.  His strategy includes these Alt-Right.  He has a vision that POTUS apparently shares because it helped him win and may again.
.sorry a little too late to begin the healing. When are you people going to wake up and realize the damage he is doing to the country????
If he had said this two days ago, sure.  Too little, too late. It is obvious he did not write that speech and was told not to ad-lib.
Until he outlines specific measures/legislation to combat racism, words are meaningless. He must call this an act of domestic terrorism
Those were words on a promter someone else wrote for him to read. DT without gibberish syntax are not his own.
He was a day late and dollar short on his BS speech today. He did that only because of the outrage. If sincere it would have been sooner.
#ImpeachTrump #MAGA #ImpeachTrumpNow #VetsAgainstTrump #TheResistance

I can't watch or hear him anymore, but I'm reading that his words were empty & hollow. In fact, they weren't HIS words & he doesn't believe.
Those words were written for him. He wanted to talk about himself first and all of his phony accomplishments. He is ruining this country.
What he says now is irrelevant. He finally denounced due to pressure from many fronts. His  lack of action will divide further, not unite
He now wants to pardon that convicted controversial AZ sheriff......
Oh no!
SENATOR:PREZ TRUMP DOES NOT MEAN ANY OF WHAT HE SAID.HE IS STEELING UP FOR NEXT UPRISING and He will make more excuses that are not rational
I doubt the riots will stop til he's gone
You mean the speechwriters words? Read from a prompter? Two days too late? I'm thinking nah.
Two days ago, it might have. His silence was more powerful than his words which had to be prefaced by his self-fluffing econ msg.
Look he made David Duke eat his words at least give him cred for that
Only took 2 days and 3 tries to condemn and reject neo nazi ideology and had to read directly off teleprompter
If he had said it Saturday you'd have found fault with that too. You really aren't intersted in anything but removing a duly elected POTUS.
