We expect #FullRepeal! Dont contribute further to the downfall of ur party by pushing thru #SwampCare.  #KeepThePromise!! #UnitedForFreedom
Making them "pick themselves up from bootstraps" hardly seems appropriate course of action.  They need treatment $.
Do not make people suffer because drug addicts abuse the system
Thank you! I have had osteoarthritis in my jaw for over 20 years, and have not increased my meds or doses since first prescribed in 1994.
I have #RheumatoidDisease #Osteoarthritis #ChronicPain #Spoonie & dr just all meds!
That happened to me in December 2015. I'm so sorry! I went through opiate and benzo withdrawal for a month. Was in and out of ER! I was able
to find a new doctor in January 2016, and he put me back on my Valium, but could only prescribe Tylenol 4 bc of state laws passed Nov 2015
I would gladly trade my Neurontin and Tylenol 4 for Vicoprofen. Six surgeries, and my condyle broke in 2012. Oral-maxillofacial surgeon sent
letter of medical necessity to my insurance co saying I need a total jaw replacement. They denied it, said it is TMJ. He wrote back to them
explaining that it's osteoarthritis of jaw and facial bones. Blue Cross Blue Shield still denied it. Now, I cannot work. Was ER XRay Tech
I suppose addicted housewifes are a part of American life?  Much like terroism is part of urban living.  Breaking down our stabdards.
Senator King recognizes the issues that face us.  I appreciated his unrelenting questioning of these evasive men.   Do not give up. #resist
Epidemic proportions! Work 4 mental healthcare reform locally.#StandFirm  #FullRepeal of ACA & NO 2 AHCA! #KeepThePromise! #UnitedForFreedom
NO to trump/obamacare! Free market reign only! Constitutional conservative governance only! #UnitedForFreedom!
.@SenAngusKing Comey quoting Henry II re Trump asking him @ make Flynn's  problem go away:"Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?"
Why didn't the Obama Administration or Congress do something BEFORE it got this bad?? You all sat there getting paid and did nothing!
If it was an epidemic, we would all know at least two people who OD'd on prescription meds they were taking as directed. I know of no one.
Fake news u believe in!!  Resign!
We must defeat #TrumpCare #AHCA It doesn't meet the needs of the opioid crisis. Let's keep @SenAngusKing in office!
I'll match donations up to $500 to help re-elect ANGUS KING (Ind #MESen ). Give $5+ herehttps://secure.actblue.com/donate/aking2018#MEpol … #MEpolitics #MAINE  
Addiction is probably another rmeans of destroying the fabric of America. We have issues that were never even conceived before.  Corporate $
Addiction & death by overdose, now congress is aware of addiction epidemic?  B.S.Drug Co showed increased profits on controlled drugs.
Not to disregard our nation's safety and those harmed and killed by Terrorism, but this is a more immediate and dire tragedy in U.S.!
Your existence is the main cause of all misery in the USA. Title 21 United States Code (USC) Controlled Substances Act, is unconstitutional.
Is it troublesome that Trumps budget cuts substance abuse funding which as candidate he promised to do more??
#FullRepeal #KeepThePromise or we will send you home! Get govt out of our healthcare & stop acting like the left! No ACA & No Obamacare 2.0
With disgust of GOP/POTUS I was considering Ind-but I c your party just as petty as the others. Please get to work 4 
Drug co's said, they could see the rise in controlled drugs, never sounded alarms.  Doctors knew they over prescribed.  Everybody made $
Do all we can?  This crisis is not caused by drug czars. These were controled drugs caused by doctors & pharmaceutical co's. Prosecute them
You add to the $20T debt by constantly wasting our time and money in your criminal pursuit of government power. You are finished deadbeat.
Drugs? U mean OPIATES & Meth. Please keep it real.
Thank you Senator King for looking out for the American people today
But Trump and the Rs would rather cut funding and health insurance to ensure more people die and their rich friends get even richer.
THANK YOU FOR REPRESENTING AMERICANS TODAY IN YOUR QUESTIONING OF COATS & ROGERS!

Be the American we've claimed to be for over 200 years
Not PRISONS but Treatment Centers are needed for America
Chop off heads of drug sellers not victims+retrain MD<scripts 
addictive meds
So proud of you today. Keep up the hunt for truth!
Mr. Parker & those like him are the problem, taking Rx which are safe as prescribed & abuse them. This cruelty hurts patients who need Rx.
GREAT JOB TODAY SIR! Thank you
I hope u ask comey about unmaskings. And wheres his notes on clinton and lynch. U sounded like a crazed lefty today. Ur gone soon
Do we allow the public 2B over prescribed, w/o retribution because they R professionals? How can U call it a controlled substance?  Not very
What are you doing to punish drug companies & doctors?  Drug co's had to know that the rate of prescribing was inconceivable & dangerous.
The scope of this problem should have been recognized & reported by doctors.  Instead, drug co's spend 24Billion marketing 2 dr's ?  Worked!
Thank you sir, for staying on point today at the hearings. People like you make me proud to be American.
You did some serious grandstanding today at the hearings, acting like a real horse's ass.
Treat it as a health crisis, please. Also, learn how to treat the health crisis. No to war on drugs and AHCA (Trump's wealthcare "plan")
Comeys memo are out. CNN
big pharma, baby, big pharma - shut em down
We must begin by recognizing addicts as patients, not criminals.
You are a true Patriot!!!  Thank you!
Mainers we need to vote this scum out of office. He consistently votes and works with the democrats. He constantly misrepresent his ideology
Sen. King move that Coats and Rogers be held in contempt of congress for refusing to answer without a "legal basis." Laws, not men, no?
You did a great job today. Your state is lucky to have you representing them; our country is lucky to have you representing us. Thank you.
You were awesome today!! Thank you!!
So proud that you represent us in the Senate. Thank you
Senator, You are a good man!  I wish I could say that of all of your colleagues in the Senate!  Goodness is vital for a liberal democracy !
The facts and statistics of the so-called opioid epidemic have been manipulated and twisted by the DEA. There is no epidemic, it's all lies.
DON'T GIVE UP!!! The American people deserve to know the truth!!
Thank you for your pursuit of the truth. You have support from all over the country, please persist.
But senator, Russia Russia Russia! hack
U don't get it till we stop the flow of cheap Heroin & fake opiates come across the border it won't stop suing drug company's won't help

You're a HERO for your questioning of Coats and Rogers today! Your integrity and willingness to work for the American ppl is inspiring!!!
Thank you for fighting for the American people today Senator.  Please don't give up.
Thank you for your questioning in the hearings Mr. King. Please do continue with your efforts.
People are respecting you. Keep going, G-d will bless. 
You are righteous.
You're my new hero!!! I love u so much!!!! Give em hell!!!!!!
These people testifying are not like Obama &give out secrets to what we are going 2 do 2 Russia. Dems do this let them know what we are up 2
Senator, thank you for being relentless with your questioning! You never backed down in spite of the deplorable deflections.
Your line of questioning is totally politically motivated and out of line.
Just to let you know you are not independent. You are a die hard Democrat so stop pretending.
You go Sir! Thank you for standing firm and making these public servants squirm in their chairs this morning. Truth will prevail!
BRAVO! BRAVO! BRAVO! Run for president, we NEED more like YOU in Congress and the @WhiteHouse Give 'em hell senator!!
@realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions Classified used to have meaning.King,let us listen to your privileged conversations 2.
Thank you. Finally made them declare legal basis for refusal to answer. Is waiting for Pres to assert exec priv allowed?
You sir are a true Patriot.
I smell a cover-up as you asked these questions of these intelligent officials!#How- the mighty fallen in America!
Keep at it!!! Ask and ask again,,,
Thank you for your tough questioning this morning!
Great Job Today in the hearings. YOU MAKE ME PROUD TO BE AMERICAN.
Thank u sir 4 clearly stating that these people r not answering questions. Keep pushing. Thank u so much.
Thank you for holding their feet to the fire! We the people demand answers!! These men are protecting trump.  #SenateIntelHearing
We Mainers are so proud of you today senator! Give em hell for trying to hide the truth!!
Now you realize is heartbreaking?
Do we need a "How to not Overdose" pamphlet?  IOW, how many overdoses are just ignorance of proper dosing.
#702 #Catch22 #Obama did PoliticalSpying! WhatToDo? @POTUS gets to #Spy on YOU! PROSECUTE #OBAMA Support @GOP Policies! End #resistance
Please crawl back under a rock.
