Please urge House to impeach/invoke 25th amend. @POTUS said there are fine people among white supremacists, willfully dividing our nation.
Money/mouth.  PLEASE!  Support the House in Impeachment proceedings.
Trump doesn't just trumpet toxic views & division: he emboldens hate groups & will incite violence. Please remove him before civil war
You need to take action remove POTUS & other white supremacists from WH & government positions ! Now!
To heal from this, we need, at a minimum, impeachment proceedings.
Antifa and Black Lives matter are the bigotry and hate. They are the problem and they should have been arrested.
Thanks for your efforts Senator King!
Trump 2020 Drain the swamp .
Proud that you represent our State!! Nicely stated and accurate.
Trump is all about hate racism an immigrates
We need you to be more than disappointed. We need you to #censuretrump
The time has come to do more than talk, Sen.  The Country is in crisis, why hasn't the recess ended and you are back to work? Walk your talk
WE are on the path of reconciliation, and part of that action is doing precisely this. Having millions of Americans voice unity among races
Impeach Trump before #TrumpCrimeFamily under the manipulation of Putin destroy our domestic tranquility & start war with #NKorea #Venezuela
Disappointed? That's the best you can do? Civil discourse? We haven't had that for two years. We need more. Trump must go. #ImpeachOrResign
please get him out of here
Great words now show some action in removing this traitor
Disappointed ? Just disappointed?
Sir, we need Senators like you to lead.. oust this fraud
Thankyou Senator King!
A good start.  We need bold senators willing to denounce the president by name.
Don't seem to be able to count on you for much courage senator. Calling out trump as a supporter of terrorism would be a start.
There will be no healing or reconciliation.  We passed that point a long time ago. No more talk. No more human carnage-Senator, take action.
#get45out
@SenAngusKing PLEASE call out Trump by name.  He needs to be held accountable and needs to be addressed.  Please help
The White Supremacists are you!
Speak up please,Senator
Did your independence prevent you from seeing the anarchy and hatred from all supremacists, or just the ones who don't vote for one party ?
No discourse will do it.  No more words.  Action to remove trump is the only path forward.  No action = more violence.
TY 4 speaking out. U need 2 keep saying this & U need 2 challenge ur colleagues 2do more than just put out statements.  Actions speak louder
Angus king an the Republicans need to impeach Trump collusion with Russia Obstructed justice laundry money through the Trump Towers
King for president 2020
Thank you, but I would go further: Trump's disgusting racism and ignorance were on full display today and cannot be tolerated.
It's past time. Impeach.
Being disappointed isn't enough. We fought two wars over this. You should be calling to #ImpeachTrumpNow
The country is calling on you to take action. #CensureTrump
take action, Senator. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachOrResign
Thank you sir for saying what should not need to be said.
25th Amendment, impeachment, something before he destroys our democracy!!!!!
No time for your committee or Robert Mueller he has to be impeached now, he's unstable & will get us into a war with North Korea to distract
Well said Senator. Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator. But we need more than indignation. We need action. How will you oust white supremacists who currently run our government?
He has given the supremacists license. I'm afraid they will be emboldened and more dangerous.

By my count, there are now four grounds to impeach Trump, and the fifth appears to be on its way. Our latest video explains: 
F-off senator. You own the violence.
Please specifically call out the president for praising Nazis. Strong statements and actions from congress are needed now more than ever
#ImpeachTrumpNow
We need everyone to chill out here. Violence on the left wing is an entirely different type of animal
And my fear here is that left-wing violence is except a bowl and right wing skinhead crap is on acceptable which continues violence
Tired of statements/tweets What are you going to do about it? It's time to #ImpeachTrump his mental illness is going to destroy this country
.Will you take a stand, a strong stand against this racist @POTUS and his racist regime?
We need you and your colleagues to denounce trump, that's what we need.
Thank you. You make me proud to be a Mainer.
True. Please vote to #CensureTrump.
You are disappointed? So do something.
Impeach. NOW.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator, you bring honor to your title.
We need a new president. And to get the @gop out of power.
Great. DO SOMETHING!! REMOVE HIM!
When are leaders going to disavow Trump, notnjustnhis words or message.
Senators need to take action against the insanity of this president. It's now dangerous. Wait and see isn't working. We need patriots now.
Please take action. He must be removed from office.
Angus King. Really? Wow. That is really something.
Then Impeach and put your money where your mouth is.
Do something!
Being disappointed isn't enough. What are you going to DO about it?
The time for words is over. Action is required.
You are correct. Now please begin #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Thank you, Senator. This is a start, but we need less anodyne language and more blunt talk about @POTUS and enabling racist politics, please
Impeach DJT.
Good start...DIsavow DJT
We need a grownup in that job
Sen. King is there any chance the Senate will sit down for a frank and honest debate regarding our @POTUS and his 'issues'?
We are past "civil discourse" with DJT. Time for #ImpeachTrumpNow. Mueller will cooperate but get started.
Much respect, sir, but we need action. He is unfit to serve, makes a mockery of the office + only gets worse. Pls get him out. #Impeach #25A
Thank you for this statement, Senator.
To see such words are healing to the country. Our so-called president couldn't and wouldn't do such. Thank you for doing so Senator King.
But what ACTIONS will you take? A tweeted statement does NOTHING!!!
You need to do more than make statements. #45 is unhinged & dangerous. Impeach. PLEASE ACT !!! No more statements then business as usual.
New RNC spokesperson didn't see it that way. She says @GOP stands behind Trump's words of "love & inclusiveness". 
President @realDonaldTrump once again denounced hate today. The GOP stands behind his message of love and inclusiveness!
Does this mean you're going to start asking real questions in the Senate investigation, or will the pandering resume after vacay?
I feel Senator King has acted as an independent during the hearings and asked some decent questions.  Collins still defends Sessions..
I think he's capable of a harder, sharper edge.
Time for action Sir. #ImpeachTrump
‘I'm glad that girl died’ during Virginia protest, says NC KKK leader http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/local/article167303682.html …
Thank you now remove the Nazis from our WHITE HOUSE!
Time to walk the walk.  Words are meaningless unless you and other MOC take action to impeach Trump or call for his resignation.
Please do something about it, Senator King.
I'm afraid President Trump is incapable of leading the country toward reconciliation.
#Impeach45
We need you and your colleagues to DO SOMETHING now more than ever, Senator
Thank you Senator. What are you going to do to fight this hate? Words are not enough, and I know you are a man of courage. What will you do?
AT this point, you and your colleagues need to make a decision to act to rein in the President's destructive behavior. Function. Check it.
no no don't mention antifa or blm, lets make it about race.
And then Trump opened his mouth again. Dude, #ImpeachTrump
You know that @realDonaldTrump is unfit to serve. Take the necessary steps to remove this bigot from office #ImpeachNow #25thAmendmentNow
45 is unfit to serve
Could I like this a million times?
ok so you have spoken but we demand ACTION
Thank you.  I was horrified.  I'm one of the white, rural people and I can guarantee that man did not speak for me.
Thank you
No where else to go but #ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump is the only solution.
Absolutely!
