Thank you for speaking out, Senator
instead of wasting this key leverage and moment on illegal immigrants how about y'all try to put #netneutrality back in place.
Please explain to me how someone here illegally has paid taxes and filed a tax return and not been fined or arrested ur a joke please resign
This program needs to end, they are here illegally making them criminals.  Give them the opportunity to become citizens when they turn 18.#1
Angus Beef another yellow bellied Sap Sucker!
One less senator to follow. Cant stand the over compensated whining senators. Must be another democrat in republican clothing
Um. He's actually an independent.
There is no other country that allows this flagrant disregard for citizens. They had all their lives to get legal. No tears here, LAWS
Omg. You obviously have no clue what daca is or how it works.
Yes I do. “Children” who only “know” USA. You are telling me they couldn’t get or become legal? “Kids” @ 16 saying save us?? Really
raise min wage, demand #4a for americans, reform #caf. there's so much opp for citizens 1st. but instd gonna die on this hill.
Thank you for your courage and integrity.  Keep fighting for the newcomers who make America stronger!
Please fight hard to cancel the shame that Trump brings upon our country.
How about you DO YOUR JOB and stop grandstanding with statements?  Make it a law, not a presidential over reach.
You represent Maine not Washington DC and not illegals.  Stop supporting bad Obama policy and focus on what's best for Maine.  #3
If they don't qualify for citizenship using same criteria as everyone else who applies then they must be deported.  USA not their country #2
Funny how you wish to protect those breaking the law, while leaving veterans homeless on the street.
And now old enough to go home and make their country great!
Thank you !!!
So stop posturing and get to work on a bill.
Well, you lost a few nasty bots and disgusting ppl as followers, but you gained me. Thank you;) I hope you can persuade Congress to correct.
And BTW, just be honest and declare yourself a democrat...#notfoolinganybody
Thank you @SenAngusKing for doing the right thing. So proud to have you as my senator.

All part of the ethnic cleansing of America carried out by a fascist state that calls the KKK fine people.
But you want to punish Americans for their heritage and take down Confederate statues!.. your a disgrace to America!.. please resign!
Thank you for speaking out for decency. Please sponsor legislation to give these kids a path to citizenship.
Yes hopeful. I'll bet you 1,000 pesos  Congress will not pass a bill that @realDonaldTrump signs in 6 months. Fav charity. Hope u win. On?
King maybe u should start helping Maine citizens first
How about congress does its job. Stop whining and do your job. Losers the lot of you.
No thank you.
Siding with Big Interest again. While your State falls further behind. Dreamers would make good loggers.
You need to resign. #AMERICANSFIRST
Stop your damn crying and do your job. If you and congress would do your jobs we wouldn't have most of the problems we have.
#DefendDACA
Shameful
Thank you, Senator.
Always proud to have you as our Senator. Hoping that you and @SenatorCollins will lead the way to a clean bill.
Many are in college and we have invested much in their education only to send them back. We need workers in this country to support SS.
Thank you, Senator. Does this mean you will be co-sponsoring the Dream Act? #DefendDACA
It is and was unconstitutional, Obama himself said so.

We send idiots like you to Washington to fix these messes and you do nothing.
Thank you Angus.  So proud to be from Maine and support @SenAngusKing and @SenatorCollins
Don't worry you're going to be fine you're not going anywhere.
Well said Senator!
Don't hope. Just do it.
Do your job.  This isn't a dictatorship. Pass a bill. Build the wall! And we talk!
You've had 5 years since BHO signed the EO. Did you think it was just going to be the law of the land?
Thank you, Senator King.
Senator,

Stay strong! Protect the #DREAMers - cause Lord only knows who this administration will come after next.
And DACA recipients fight for all of us in the military - and we could thank them with deportation?
Trump "wanted to invite to the US immigrants who could hold a job, contribute to Society, obey our Laws & serve our Country." I.E. DREAMERS?
Here's mine: Build. The. Wall.
September 5, 2017......DARK DAY FOR USA
I guess you don't believe in the rule of law and the Constitution. Many of Obama's Executive Orders broke the law and the court has so ruled
Completely false but why let facts get in the way of your ignorance.
Thank you
Submit Legislation!
Thank you Senator King. You are a HERO!!!
