
You're a blight on society. Why don't you partisan hacks try to improve something, for once, instead of destroying everything?
check out his son brad enzi and mike Ruffatto
You did the right thing 

Obamacare:

• Put businesses out of business
• Prevented Hiring
• Insurers & doctors pulled out
lacking transparency about what the income levels are re client deductibles  does little to claims legitimate just partisanship
you're so sad. The first thing you want to do is repeal Obamacare rather than simply improving on what's there.
And what's your alternative plan that will "replace" ACA?  Oh, right--you guys haven't thought that far yet...#eejits
By the way, should your suddenly - uninsured constituents send *you* their medical bills?  Sounds good to me..#handsoffACA
There's always winners and losers

People were getting government money at the expense of our people not getting hired
Your replacement plan is eagerly awaited and should come first. Please release to the public
Senator, what will you do with the almost 30 million Americans that now have insurance thanks to the ACA?
@realDonaldTrump  MR TRUMP I ASK YOU TO PLEASE READ THE RESPONSES TO THIS TWEET BY SEN ENZI! NOT 1 RESPONSE AGREES W REPEAL
LETS GET RID OF YOUR HEALTH CARE SUBSIDY, $10000
Do not take away the healthcare of 20mil Americans w/o a replacement. Give us the same you have.
or alternatively GIVE UP YOUR INSURANCE @SenatorEnzi
Screw everybody and feel good about it
happy carbon recapture white crime, your son brad enzi
You, @SenatorEnzi, are taking away affordable health care from families with no other coverage options. You and GOP have no heart -- no soul
tell your son brad enzi about carbon capture
Its refreshing to see elderly white men paid slaves to corporations...can't stop a high paid prostitute from doing what he's paid to do...
U talk a fear of ACA death panels, yet repealing the ACA u make the largest death panel of all: Congress.
brad enzi and mike Ruffatto
YOU AND THE REST OF THE GOP DID NOTHING FOR 8 YEARS AND NOW WHAT??? WHAT A FU#%G JOKE 
Mike Enzi's top donor? DaVita HealthCare Partners ...  follow the money
I promise people like you will know what unemployment feels like. Ready for a #PoliticalRevolution
are you kidding me , you guys spent 8 years doing nothing but obstructing. and trying to rob people of healthcare "HYPOCRITES"@SenatorEnzi
New Year New Chance for Anti American GOP To line their pockets with American Tax Payer Money. #TheGOPCrooksGetRicher
All the Congress "ideas" always consist of taking from the people. When will Congress put themselves in the shoes of People?
Repealed & then replaced with what? Will Congress repeal their own benefits as well  to save money for the People??
People were getting Healthcare at the expense of destroying people's career job  opportunities and income

It was not working
STOP going backward go forward. The past is the past and we need futurist. We need a congress that thinks in forward tense
son uses ACA & it has helped us. Stop all this wayward talk about repeal. Do you want 2 go back 2 overcrowded ER's. #ERnurse
I hope you will help repeal Obamacare and Congress will investigate BHO for Embezzlement..100 mil on "vacas"? He needs to pay!
Why do you think countries like Germany, Sweden und the UK can afford health insurance for their people and the US can not?
Because @SenatorEnzi and GOP would rather pay for WAR rather than health of their own people, more PROFIT  #ForShame
you should be very proud of yourself for denying millions of Americans coverage without a backup plan while you have insurance
Get after it, Senator. Have a bill ready for our new President's signature on Inauguration Day. Semper Fi!
, people who are about to watch their health care coverage vanish are unlikely to join in your rejoicing. #SpiteIsNotaPolicy
screw the 99% of americans, you already got yours, right? #letthemeatcake
I have a strange feeling that if the repeal would have somehow effected your precious grandchildren you wouldn't act so fast.
Another Senator without a clue - just an ideology fueled by bumper sticker slogans.
Same ol' corrupt and immoral Repubs in that new Congress...
I asked a question, I expect an answer: Why do you think my family doesn't deserve healthcare?
.@SenatorEnzi , How many Americans are you willing to have die due to losing their insurance? Please state a number to the nearest 10,000
While your at it, pass term limits on Senators&Congressmen, our Founding Fathers never meant politics to be a career.
DoUwant2 accomplish somethng great?Pass Univrsl Healthcare, whether some1 livesORdies shouldn't depend on an InsCompanys profit
why are you calling for repeal of ACA? You arecutting millions of Americans off from affordable health insurance. #Shame!!
How will repealing Obamacare help me (self-employed) and husband (disabled)?
All of u R so out of touch with what the avg Citz really needs. All Washington is abt is about being there.Lining your pockets.
You mind explaining to me why my family doesn't deserve health care?
Yes!  Fuck the poor and the sick. Just like Jesus said.
Thanks for taking away our healthcare.  We won't have healthcare without Obamacare....it worked  You must be proud of yourself.
attempting to take healthcare from 20 million people.Kicking off the new year with blood on your hands. You must be so proud.
Millions of Americans depend in ACA. Their deaths will be on your hands. Fix and Improve is responsible governing. Not repeal.
Like overturning Dodd Frank so banks can destroy the economy again?
yes destroying economy for MOST of us... but the obscenely wealthy will make tons off of us!
a new chance to impeach #NotMyPresident.
repeal Obamacare so that those millions of people with pre-existing conditions lose their health insurance.
roll back those rules and regulations that protect the middle class from getting ripped off.
Blah, Blah, Blah...Same old rhetoric. You have had years to do something but done nothing. This makes you complicit. #SOS
What a horrible shtihead you are. Anyway, happy new year.
