SAME LIBERAL SONG . Always negative.  Must be a horrible way to luve
@cmberman Along with negativity, add name calling to the liberal list!  Horrible negative name calling liberals.  
Triggered Trumpanziee
#TheDems= Negative Lying Name Calling Bots

Do you have a different one?  You already sent that one. #Liberals make me #MAGA 

Thanks Cheri. Now go to work! Do you even have a job or do u just take from the government and my hard earned tax dollars? #MAGA #UraniumOne
How will you pay for these tax cuts for the rich?
These tax cuts will pay us. The liberal talking points are so yesterday.
Yes, it's worked so well in the past. 
You’re right. It did.
They're going to pay for those tax cuts by cutting Medicare Medicaid and other so-called entitlements like Snap basically f*** the poor
We don’t “pay” for tax cuts. Cutting rates across the board increase revenue.
Lied and said that his new plan would not benefit him at all. When all is said and done we can add the lies and see who benefits.
I have no idea what you just said. But I want too. I want my taxes lowered. I need help to offset my ObamaCare premiums.
Thank you #@SenateReps for passing budget for @realDonaldTrump to move forward or tax reform
I know.  I follow very closely.  Which amendment do you want to discuss.  I am ready
Oh you must be tweeting your billionaire pals. You do nothing for workers.

From FORBES: Want A Better Economy? History Says Vote Democrat! #SarahLiesLiesLies
https://www.forbes.com/sites/adamhartung/2012/10/10/want-a-better-economy-history-says-vote-democrat/#150c4b29cb44 …
1 of 19Liars voted to save #Obamacare instead of supporting @SenMikeLee s amendment to the budget to repeal Obamacare’s Title I regulations.
It's about time you joined hands and acted like a force for the citizens that voted for you!
A first baby step
And the rich get richer
Quit patting yourselves on the back.  You have sat on your duff passed hardly nothing that will help us. Hoping a new independent will run
Only for rich folks.
When the GOP wants to raise the deficit it is OK.  When the Democrats do it is a crime according to the GOP. Such hypocrites u make me sick
just remember, growth doesn't pay the debt. It just makes the rich richer. My 401k is all I have. I'm watching. #BeKind
Finally a little movement in the swamp
You just passed a budget that guts Medicare and Medicaid, and blows a $1.5 trillion hole in the budget to give $ to rich people. Thanks.
How much do you have to make to be considered rich or wealthy.
80% of the tax breaks go to the top 1%
I'm not surprised by this at all.
The Republicans in the Senate passed a resolution that will bankrupt the USA ,they will buy it and make others slaves!
Your post is in jest......right?
#StopYoLies  This budget & #TrumpTaxScam explode deficit. NOT fiscally responsible. #NotOnePenny in tax cuts 4 rich w/o #TrumpTaxReturns
I believe we need to set up a sobriety checkpoint inside Congress...breathalyzer, urinalysis, blood, with Scans for Brains and Hearts Matter
This budget is tax reform 4 the rich! Shame on you. U r being given $400 million by the Kochs to do tax reform& repeal ACA @nprpolitics
can you explain how cutting Medicare is going to help the middle class and those of us with older family?
Most voters will be very displeased if that budget contains a line item on the immigration wall funding???
Don't you mean that most of the legal voters WANT the wall built? Oh wait, the process already started. #MAGA
Sorry, that is not factual.
Maybe factual to others but not to the significant others? Any proof of your counter claim???
32 GOPSenators followed through on their promises to repeal Obamacare. 19 Republicans went back on their word &voted to protect Obamacare.
awesome #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Seniors,middle class, students go out and vote all Republicans out of office in November.
You're funny
So tell us how this story ends, GOP. Fourth try is the charm?
The deficit spending was needed to pull America out of the recession.
Put another way: the only way to make money is with money. So yes, some spending must be done to pull out of a hole.
Got proof for that? :)
http://liberalspeak.com/6586/senior-citizens-mitch-mcconnell-aarp-paul-ryan-health-care-2018-2020/ …
Can you explain how cutting by 90% from $24,000 to only $2,400 what we can contribute to our retirement pretax is going to help middle class
LIARS . STOP IT. OUT IN 2018. NOT BECAUSE YOU'RE GOP, BUT BECAUSE YOU'RE LIARS!
It raises the indebtedness for this country by $1.5 TRILLION! Plus makes cuts in Medicare and Medicaid when the senior population is peaking
Medicaid is a welfare program for ANYONE who qualifies for it. NOT just seniors. Medicare IS A SENIOR HEALTH PLAN.  PREMIUMS 4 PART "B"
Okay.......Diane, what's your point. A high percentage of Seniors end up needing Medicaid in their late years, do they not?
Tax plan will be the beginning of “ The Great Depression “
Our kids need to get there heads out of there azz .. Antifa and blm are helping divide this country .. I love all
Passing a budget that will give tax cuts to the rich & taking from Medicare will not revitalize the economy. @RepMoolenaar
Senate @GOP trying to pass an  un-funded $2.5 trillion tax cut that goes right to our debt +$2 Trillion and counting ..#nhpolitics
Using unAmerican means
do we have your promise that if trickle-down doesn't work this time either, that you'll just resign and let someone with new ideas govern?
You misspelled "big tax cuts for our donors at the expense of the rest of the country":(
Reform it the correct way. No tax breaks for the rich or corporations. No repeal of death tax. Anyone 250k or below gets the tax break.
@GOP wants 2 ram thru tax plan that benefits their donors. Amer Econ is close 2 full employment. Jobs now lost to technology/productivity
PASSÉ, A $129,000 per year give away to the rich. Senate Republicans take from the middle class and give to the rich. Reverse Robin Hoods
Your @GOP "tax reform" @RoyBlunt is nothing short of stealing from most of us to give to wealthy. Check your bible, that's a sin! #Resist
It has been revitalized. Now youre just trying to scrrw the working class and make the wealthy even more money. Trickle down doesn't work
Bullshit this is same lie we've  heard every since Reagan  i
t didn't work then it wont work now
Finally did something right, now let's get more of those bills passed.
To do that Schumer, Pelosi & a few others  need to  stop their obstruction game.
It only passed because McConnell is scared of an open revolt and looking weak and incompetent.  No favors done for us.
Wht did you have to say about tanned econ, trillions added to debt during Obama's 2 terms?? USA WAS IN THE TOILET. BHO = FLAMING LIBERAL!
Said the same thing!-Perpetuating the debt by saying the other side did it, isn’t mature-Neither party can claim they’re fiscal conservative
Wait-this is what you campaigned on in 2016? Deficit spending, increasing taxes on mid class, decreasing Medicare, killing 401ks? Cmon Roy

Now do what you said you were going to do once this passed. Remember that elections are coming.
Why did you vote against Sen Lee's amendment to defund Obama care?
Your tax reform scheme is BS. The wealthy get giant benefits, the rest get crumbs. Shame on you!
@RoyBlunt is backtracking on proposed tax cuts to push them into next year. Let me be BLUNT Roy, the future of the GOP rides on your votes
Great job now continue the good work. Get tax reform done this calendar year & my confidence in the GOP will be back.
About dam time they did something.
What about the citizens of Puerto Rico? The US Virgin Islands?
By adding $1.5T to the deficit & giving top 1% a tax break paid for by screwing poorest Americans out of Medicaid/Medicare. #StopLying
It's about time they finally passed something
@RoyBlunt 

Sad, that y'all are so proud of hurting so many just to make the insanely rich richer!
…by cutting taxes for the wealthy, which Kansas proved does not work. It provides near bankruptcy.
Over spending creates bankruptcy. Pres Reagan did it and USA flourished. How do you figure that?
Concerned TaxReform, like the record setting stock market, won’t affect the people on Main Street. Too many are over-worked and under-paid.
@GOP has been cutting taxes for rich since '80s, never helps economy, just increases class divide. Clinton raised taxes, economy boomed.
Reagan had to raise taxes eventually to get us out of recession. W's tax cuts slumped economy right before deregulation led to collapse.
Great... If I were a rich man.
@SenateGOP Your budget is just a hand-out for the rich. It's been proven trickle down econ. doesn't work. What's wrong with you people?
@SenatorHassan Check this out. Truth? Seems as if Wall St likes the entire idea of the Trump tax cuts. What say you?
@housegop @WhiteHouse blah blah
Blah blah blah #RichPeople blah blah
#OurContributors blah blah blah blah
Blah Blah #Privileged1% blah blah
Is Rand Paul a Republican????
You call cutting trillions from Medicaideand 500 billion from Medicare a good budget?! You only passed this budget to help your donors!
Are you kidding me? Nothing about this "paving stone" is in the interest of middle class Americans. Not all of us are fooled.
Funny that now raising debt levels is ok
For the rich. Your reforms will increase my taxes
Pass those Tax Cuts PLEASE
THANK YOU!!!
Republicans will lose the House and Senate in 2018 thanks to this.
It’s a tax cut for the super rich and a tax increase for the middle class. No thanks.

Crushing Medicaid and Medicare.
Revitalize an American economy that yr leader just bragged led 2 record-breaking stock market high. So this really is abt rich people, huh?
Thank God our Senate finally put on big boy shorts and played together.  Maybe this can be a new start. It's about the America not them.
If @RandPaul supports your proposal, I'm all in. Frankly, he's got more credibility on this issue than all of congress combined. @SenMikeLee
On the backs of middle class federal employees and retirees.  Why don't you tax yourselves??  
Yes and help the dummy in office and his rich friends. Your not looking out for us only you.
Lying liars
The truth of who this helps will come out in the wash

Just another bill to screw the middle and lower classes and help the rich make more money. It will take funds from the needy to do it.
Did you change your tunes now? Deficits don’t matter anymore?
This is a bad Tax bill. I will cost middle class thousand and give the rich millions. This must stop. The gop always protects the rich
#TheDemocrats #OurRevolution #BernieSanders #SenateGOP #HouseGOP #SenateDems #HouseDemocrats #KatrinaNation #Thom_Hartmann #DickDurbin

*sigh
Here we go again...
Just keep your leader away from women.
NOW Give US #WeThePeople Real #TaxReform & #TaxCuts & then continue to pass #TrumpAgenda b/c it's OUR Agenda to Truly #MAGA Healthcare 
Congrats to GOP! Your efforts will be appreciated
Take away his pay check ^^^^^ He is on the wall of shame!
You are on the wall of shame. How can you vote "against" elderly  AND  "disabled" benefits? How many of your voters know this one????
Super..super job! Now..get Ryan to have it approved!  Any problems..call me at the golf course immediately!
Um, I know it’s rare that you get anything done, but isn’t this a budget plan (i.e. not an actual budget)?
By the 1%, for the 1%. And Jesus wept.
Koch brothers the authors?
Gerrymandering, racism, authoritarianism, and unpatriotic governing is going to cause a civil and world war on your watch!
Halleluja, now get going, no breaks if it is not done!!!


and the rich get richer
congratulations!
Congrats. Stick it to the 99% reform has passed the Senate. The 1% are rejoicing. The FU Senate has struck again. Weeping for the USA!
A budget that adds $1.5 Trillion to the national debt! You left that out, just thought people should know.
Revitalize the American economy?  It sound like a third world country economy model.
No tax cuts for the wealthy.
So when the tax reform helps only the top 1% what are Trump supporters going to say? This is not for the working class or middle class
11 hours and not even 1000 likes. Inaction sometimes speaks louder than words.
Well look at u actually doing something. Catching on useless rinos r out? Hope u do pass tax cuts. Sad if u continued to look like idiots.
Open the Door Wide
No Special Exemptions
No Special Carve outs
Budget or Bust
Get ready for more Republican Reaganomics. The people get 0; 1% get all. Same old GOP. Send them home November 6, 2018!
Ha ha Ha!  Dem majority during Obama's terms. Chk http://ballotpedia.org  2 see the net worth of senators & representatives. EYE OPENER!
we know DT is a liar, but Gen. Kelly's bigoted racist & misogynist  words blew me away. Women had it better in the 50's. freak'in kidding me
So to be clear
 45 says stock market economy better than ever. You say we need this for economy..or is it for your rich 1% and the Koch's?

All the leftist troll bots out in force pushing rich only BS! Actually the forgotten, ignored middle class are the ones who benefit most.
CORRECT!
#ACA #FullRepeal #SupportOurPresident 
@POTUS #DrainTheSwamp
#MAGA
Well done! Finally you are doing some good work!
People need to to recognize something. This is one of the biggest divides of the two parties but Democrats still don't use the filibuster!
@realDonaldTrump Where can we see the budget changes ?  What was cut - Medicare ? SS ? How will people be impacted by this ?
'revitalize economy' = 'enrich the rich'
You mean just like it worked to revitalize the economy in KS? How do you get people to fall for your lies?
Same way Bernie Sanders got anyone 2 vote for him.
Thank you!
Never mind that the economy was already doing well.
McConnell is incompetent!
AMEN AND THANK YOU
Get him out before he kills us all!  Haven’t you been reading his tweets?. BTW, we know you are lying.
@SenThomTillis 

#firetillis

You and the GOP are working to drive wages lower, and we're pissed.
Lower than what!
Can you read the chart? Lowering corporate tax rates resulted in wages falling!
@SenThomTillis congratulations on passing massive cuts to Medicare and Medicaid in order to give the rich a tax break?
OR, as #ChuckieSchumer says, a budget that rolls granny over the cliff.
Anything the GOP says makes me think "scheme ".
Thank God!
For the rich
If it is true, and includes funds for the Wall, then we in #TrumpNation will support it.
Market UP! ISIS down! Tax Cuts on the horizon And to top it off I'm a citizen of the greatest country on earth!  #MAGA  
ISIS down? 4 serviceman just killed...where were you?
Raqqa has fallen. Where were you?
Cut $1T from Medicaid
Cut $473B from Medicare
Add $1.5T to the deficit
Next, Give tax cuts to the rich
Thank you!


Do it quickly please

When it doesn’t work and Billionaires just take their money and run, what will you do then???
When the deficit goes up and taxes go up and the rich just get richer, remember WHICH GROUP OF ASSHOLES did this to you.
No more of that trickle down crap, gentlemen. Time to rein in the out of control greed of the 1% before they destroy us all.
Bullshit tax reforms for the 1% is all fuck you
I am very disappointed in Senator Rand Paul.  IK the voters in Kentucky are also. I am glad the rest of you are finally seeing some daylight
But do you have the guts to vote for it?
Do the current tax reform proposals balance the budget? NO.

Do they increase the deficit? YES. 

#TaxReform 
#BackToTheDrawingBoard
At night as we all slept...you stole our Medicare and Medicaid.
Please don't mess up the strong economic growth that @BarackObama's team set in motion! I feel like you're gonna break it.
That budget strips $468 Billion from social security & medicare to fund tax cuts for their Rich Donors
Now repeal Obamacare. It's time.
They have to hold that hostage for re-election.
"Open the door for tax reform." Like when you opened the door for O'care repeal. The 1st didn't happen. I'm betting the 2nd won't either.
What's wrong with the economy?  The economy is running at full employment.  Excellent corp earnings.  Inflation <2%. What's the problem GOP?
This budget is crap. Why do Republicans hurt the poor, the young, the sick and the elderly? Soulless cowards
Thank you!!!
@Franklin_Graham NOW remove THE WAVIER AND GET ON Obmma care as WE the PPL were Told to by Law , Do you think ur above our LAW?
