You're ridiculous. Chastising people for not reading bill. BEEN AVAILABLE FOR JUST OVER HOUR!!! GOP refuses to allow dems to fix the issues.
It's 8 pages! I read it in less than 1 minute!
You can't read that fast, or at all.
Libs with their personal attacks. Yawn... We Have the floor!
Because they are a Russia lovers who hate America
I was born there. Am I evil!?
Then what happened, Mike? Seriously, what happened next? Did you do real good at talking? Did you make everyone back home real proud?
Shame on you. I am one of your constituents. I will work my ass off to see you lose the next election.
You're a bad actor, Senator.
Let's say over a period of time a young person was able to save money in an HSA. Even a simple surgery or pregnancy is 20k.
Companies don't pay people enough to live or save for retirement let alone save for HSAs. Get a clue what the average person goes through.
He has no clue! Out of touch!
He actually gives vile, craven, pieces of shit a bad name.
Except now we need to avoid someone like Obama and John Kerry dropping sanctions and offering false hope instead.  Obama failed there.
So why arent you held accountable?
That's nice still no health insurance how about a vote that each state has open health insurance have the choice and what the state wants.
Single payer is a fair & would keep people healthy. Shut up with your lies/ignorance & propose single payer. Healthcare is a human right!
Would be nice if your "boss" agreed
And today you shut out your colleagues and tried to ruin something good we've got. Glad you all lost the health care debacle.Try working now
I agree...let's start with Tommy Wiseau. #BadActors
Now you and your buddies in the Senate need to get off your ass and fix healthcare which the democrats broke
Oh ok, like how you just go along with whatever the Bad Actor In Chief says? 
Go back to blowing yourself, Enzi. Wanna hold bad actors accountable, look at your @GOP. Bunch of skeevy crooks.
Can you sanction your president?
Re: Russia, China, North Korea.  We should have listened to Generals MacArthur and Patton.
Who is going to hold us accountable?
Thanks for having such respect for women! You were so polite to @PattyMurray  IF THIS WAS 1950..... #shame
Cutting healthcare for Americans = more  money for the rich, big business, insurance companies & congressmen. Wake up & stop voting for GOP
It's been 7 to 8 years of GOP trying to kill Obamacare at every turn. Tonight u want to remove what funds it. No plan, just try and kill it.
You would've been less of an embarrassment last night had you just shit your pants and sat in it on the Senate floor
It's time the American people hold themselves accountable for their own decisions in life. Their irresponsibility is not my responsibility.
You were an embarrassment on the Senate floor tonight
What are you doing to our healthcare
What about the massively orange bad actor?
How the hell do you think people can save 100k/millions if you get cancer? Everyone should have car insurance but screw everyones health?
I'm guessing you aren't going to give democrats the chance to mention the CBO score.

Spoiler alert:

IT AIN'T GOOD.
If you're going to ask a question about solutions to the supposed "train wreck", do let a democratic Senator answer.
An eight-page bill released four hours before the vote and Enzi spends an hour of floortime mumbling to himself. Shameful!!!
If you remove healthy people from being covered b/c of the mandates, you are killing ACA & the people who depend on to stay alive.
Senator won't explain how this bill will affect Wyoming residents.  Wow.  What's he afraid of?
"Will the Senator yield for a question about how 49,000 Wyomingites will lose insurance under this bill?" 

It's not hard, folks.
Shame on you.  You are embarrassing yourself & the voters of Wyoming.
What the hell is Mike Enzi talking about?
I'm not embarrassed, what I AM is not voting for him!
You're rambling about things this bill does nothing about? Oh my god, your now going into different inventors?
Are you now selling medical equipment? I had to step away a few minutes ago and nothing has made sense in last 5 minutes.
Hey Mike, plan is death bill. EVERY MEDICAL Group against it!! You're being dishonest. 
Want suggestions, ask Med community-we r against it
Then @SenatorEnzi would have to hold a hearing! He is now not even talking about the bill.
Never been more involved & enraged with politics in my life
STAY INVOLVED
"It's an outstanding experience to sit in a wheelchair & go down stairs with it...pregnant women on insulin have babies w bigger head"PSYCHO
Good for you.  Did the RIGHT thing there.  Now the nation will hold you accountable for #SkinnyRepeal.  Because YOU are a bad actor!!
Shame!
"Except when we pretend the bad actors they have brought into power aren't really bad."
Yes, let's hold bad actors accountable. So why do you look the other way when Trump lies, hurls insults, demeans women, and more?
Great. but what about the sanctions you have placed on American tax paying citizens with the dreadful health care act.We will not forget.
Including the President?
You and the rest of the GOP will own this. The health and lives of Americans are on you.

You're a cowardly weasel of a man.
When did your party forget what it means to serve the people? Millions will be uninsured. You own this. #GFY
Tell that to 45
Shame on you!  Your show this evening refusing to allow ques for the health care bill was disgusting!  UnAmerican of you!
@POTUS  don't sign this it ties your hands
I agree. The bad actors are here at home in the WH and Congress. GreedOverPeople party determined to destroy USofA. Boot'emOut
Good look Wyoming.
Like being trapped by a doddering relative at Thanksgiving, but with health care for tens of millions at stake https://twitter.com/chrislhayes/status/890784300840370176 …
We're going to help end your career. From every state in the union. Evil old fart.
You have no soul
Oh, the irony. Let's talk about the skinny repeal....
What about people who take healthcare from millions to finance a tax cut for the very rich. Sounds like bad actor to me
@SenatorEnzi, if your skinny bill is so great why are you talking about pensions, wheelchairs that go up stairs, and babies' heads?
If you died millions of people would cheer 
I hope you enjoy the dirty money you got from those companies.
Old fart.
SHAME
Like senators who vote to take health insurance away from millions of vulnerable people. #2018cannotcomesoonenough
So fix ACA and don't politicize it. We're paying for YOU and your wife's healthcare. #socializedmedicine is good for you but not America?
Ok, Mike, this story-telling BS is stupid and rambling and it's shocking you have so little to say about the bill you say is so great.
"He figured out a wheelchair that could climb stairs". Wtf does that have to do with this bill?
"It's an outstanding experience to sit in a wheelchair and go downstairs".
Your boorish behavior tonight has brought disgrace to the Senate. You can stop babbling now, it's time to vote, you purchased puppet.
@SenatorEnzi not yielding for questions because you know this is evil.
Dude, your speech on              C-SPAN....filibuster or most boring man alive???? F!
You're losing a lot of votes at this very second. Beef up your acting chops in the mirror.
Your legacy will be tainted forever because of this bullshit.
You went from fetuses being a certain size for a live birth to diabetes to pumps to its invention to wheelchair ramps. Make some damn sense!
Does that include those in the WH?
Hey, great we don't have to provide health care. We can just change the way we record infant mortality! Happy Days. @SenatorEnzi
How long did it take you to become Senator Beaver? #SkinnyRepeal
Like Matt Damon?
Hey Wyoming the whole country is watching your Senator make you guys look stupid.  Is that okay with you?
Enzi continues to be the only GOP Senator on the floor and he isn't talking about anything remotely connected to the bill. This is surreal.
You are a bad one
You're a lying SOS like your Majority Leader and your president.
We will hold you responsible if you take away people's health care.
But you're one of the bad ones too!  Your actions tonight is disastrous to millions of U.S. citizens!
You're the worst actor ever & after tonight, #Wyoming & America will hold you accountable.
Like those who filibuster to keep all parties talking about THE HEALTHCARE OF THE FUCKING COUNTRIES PEOPLE? Ammiright?
Then we'll hold you accountable for being a bad actor on the Congressional floor.
LIKE YOU. Talk about bad acting! Everyone in America listening to your bs needed meds to get through it!! The poor people in Wyoming. 
I did not know who you were before tonight; now you are branded in my memory or EVERYTHING wrong with the @GOP Mike, you are pure evil.
If you live in Wyoming Mike gets his insurance paid by YOU the taxpayer but wants you to go without so that he can give tax cuts to the rich
You're a bad actor and you need to be punished!!
Russia sanctions good. Your legacy shameful. You will harm my loved ones with your pro skinny vote.
Your behavior tonight is un-American. You've shown zero respect to your constituents, your peers in the Senate or your fellow Americans.
Cowards and Thieves work in the night... Republican Style.
Let the dems speak we have a right to know!
Hope you get dunked in an overflowing porta-potty you piece of living trash.
You mean @realDonalTrunp right?
Don't worry big guy. You will be held responsible!!
Fix ACA!! No Repeal!!
Like you, perhaps?
karma
Great, now pin your tweets about wealthcare.
Hi Senator, can you please explain how refusing to let anybody with a dissenting opinion from speaking is democratic?
If that's true you would hold the @SenateGOP accountable for your odious, undemocratic and inhumane actions today.
You can hold up the floor, but we can tie up your office. His Washington office: 888-250-1879 #HealthcareBill #heathcarevote
Someone needs to physically go over to the Senator, and shut him down-even if it's against the rules.

Disgusting bill #SaveACA #shame
Info came from CIGNA not Safeway. Didn't include those cost measures in your bill, or hold hearings. @senatorenzi

Then hold yourself accountable and vote no on this erroneous and disgusting "skinny repeal" stop trying to kill people. That makes you bad
Our founding fathers are rolling in their graves...you're not even talking about the positives of the bill you're about to vote on!
Including president, his family, and his cronies.

That's why we'll be voting you and your GOP colleagues out in short time.
LIAR!!!!
You are truly pathetic. "I'm ineffectual as an elected official and as a man!" #TrumpRussia
couldn't agree more  watching you  on senate floor we need to hold bad actors like you accountable .
Why did the GOP exempt themselves from the #shitcare they are forcing on us? #deathpanels #wealthcare #Trumpcare
When will YOU be held accountable for not standing up to your party?
I hope ur constituents hold u accountable 4 what you're doing right now. What R U hiding? Why won't you answer any q's on #HealthcareBill
Damn!! Finally y'all did something logical! Y'all  ready for Poser in Chief to veto it??
You babble about nothing for an hour before a very important vote tonight. Why were you afraid to yield time? Stupidity
Take questions! Are you afraid? This must be a joint effort! @SenateGOP, don't shut out the @SenateDems! Work together on this!
#traitor #murderer #babykiller
Let a Dem speak, or at least discuss the actual fucking bill and put that stupid book away.
Douche
Your job is to make sure no one is above the law & investigate attempts to undermine our democracy & not turn USA into a Putin kleptocracy
yea, well why don't you ENFORCE THE DAMM SANCTION LAWS? Pass a bill then ignore it-what do you care about?
How about chastising you for being a bad actor on health care bill. I have a question: what is wrong with you?
The rebellion is growing
Time to retire old man. You're voting to kill people.  Hope you have your speech to your maker ready. It's gonna need to be really good.
Sit down and shut up. We want to hear what's in this so called bill.
Start with McConnell and Ryan
I'm watching you on C-SPAN right now. You are a total embarrassment to the country. You sold out the people to enrich your friends.
#AmericaSpeaksOut  @SenatorEnzi
"Shame! Shame!" protesters chant as VP motorcade pulls up to the Capitol 
Brown noser.  No independent thought at all. SAD!
Jesus you're a coward. Answer some questions about a bill you support that will take away HC for 16M Americans. Gutless!
Great job Senator Enzi #Resist don't let them fabricate anymore lies. They had there chance, #Obamacare was a deliberate deception. #CSPAN2
Hey. You're a terrible person. Your bill will result in people suffering. Hope you have a lot of sleeping pills to get you through the night
Take a seat, sir. You suck.
You mean like the @POTUS you support? #trumprussia
No one can sign up for health insurance in an ambulance on the way to a hospital #greedybastard
Nothing u are saying makes sense! You are an embarrasing old privledged white male with no common sense or compassion for fellow Americans
You're a grandpa? What a shining example of idiocy you are for your grandchildren and for your constituents. Say goodbye to the senate.
You're an absolutely disgusting display of a partisan politician with no empathy for constituents. Be ashamed,you don't work for the people
I agree. Up next: the GOP.
Will The president allow such action to be taken against his lover Vlad?!?!  I guess we will have to wait and see....
And yet you continue to support the #madking
#AmericaSpeaksOut
"Shame! Shame!" protesters chant as VP motorcade pulls up to the Capitol 
So if you need a life saving surgery or chemo, we should shop around first to see where we can get the median price set by our employers???
Today you ignored the will of the people and passed a piece of legislation without giving it ample time for hearings and debate. Selfish.


Do you count as a bad actor for muzzling your colleagues in the healthcare debate? #upallnight
We must hold YOU accountable for your sins against USA.
Eliminate fake food-GMO forced by Gov and health issues disappear!
Stop talking and have some dignity
Shameful, about party instead of ppl. How many times said "other side" We are Americans, we are 1! Tired of division! YIELD 
@SenatorEnzi
