Ladies and gentleman the worst senator in America. Actually speaking about Wyoming like it will affect anything (same GDP as a small town)
Just fix the #ACA & call it Trumpcare. Win-win
All you had to do was restrict the amount insurers could raise rates. But no, you were too scared to hurt your campaign contributors!!!!
you're a horrible selfish old man!! Congress needs to have the same healthcare they are forcing on average Americans. GOP is destroying US!!
I am self-employed. Do you have any idea how much better buying individual insurance is now than pre-ACA?
Of course he doesn't - he doesn't have any idea what it's like in the real world
He's got his own tax-payer funded health care insurance... He doesn't care.
Sadly your constituents had to rely on senators from other states to save our healthcare. @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
Don't be a hypocrite, shut up and sit down.and allow questions on your clearly crap bill.
Yes it needs improvements but not by you or any of your soulless, cold-hearted, greedy comrades!
problems means fix some problems....not repeal and replace!  Could you just TRY to work on things....instead of killing them.
Equality State?  Nope.  You probably dont care though right?  Thats just .....well....sad.  SAD.
WHAT IN THE HELL are U thinking!!! As 4th Gen Wyomingite- U are an embarrassment to our state,our past,& especially our future!
The Senator from Wyoming is a rude and ignorant fool.
The State of WYOMING Should Be EMBARRASSED By @SenatorEnzi - He Made NO SENSE - WHAT was he talking about? TERM LIMITS NOW    @WyoDems
Way to take the high road @wyodems by retweeting these comments - but when you can't win, hit the sewers.
Seems there are a LOT of people that disagree with you. Just out of curiosity, where is your empathy? Atrophied or never existed?
Then work with dems and fix it. Or leave.
Just give everyone the same healthcare you, Ryan & McCain have, it seems to work OK. Problem solved.
Your way was not the right way. For years you blocked Dems' attempts to fix ACA. @POTUS now sabotaging ACA to implode? What have you become?
Curmudgeon! The nerve to ask Ds for solutions when it's Rs trying to "fix this." You wanna fix it? Do it! But clearly you have NOTHING. #ACA
Liar
Skinny repeal will increase my family's insurance premiums by $3,600 in 2018. I don't feel helped.
I agree, there r problems! When your car breaks down, do u throw it away, or do u fix it? Let's fix the problems. PLEASE
Notice that not a single retweet is from a Wyoming person? Hint - Hint
The ACA just needs some tweaking to make it better, not repeal. Ask the Democrats.  They know how to fix it. You obviously do not!
Republicans have had years to come up with a viable alternative to #Obamacare. You came up with an alternative that's worse than #Obamacare.
If you had faith in this you would have been happy to take questions. You'd catch more flies with honey, but you only got vinegar. #ACA
wasting an hour last night. Will play beautifully on commercials when you lose your seat. Btw probably go to bed, you weren't making sense
Mistake was having 13 men secretly craft healthcare bill w/out expert, full Senate & citizen input. That was ridiculous! Work together now!
It was a success for me.
Are you afraid to hurt the feelings of the  greedy? I saw the financial numbers for a large HMO, two years post ACA. They were doing well!
You don't throw the baby out with the bathwater Enzi.  You fix things!!  Argh!
Liar
You Sir are the Problem, not the solution! You have no ideas that will improve the ACA. Ask The Democrats and listen to learn how.
So, maybe the GOP should propose a bill that actually *improves* Obamacare.
STOP IT.  JUST STOP.  This is NOT leadership.  Its ridiculousness and you look foolish.
Include your healthcare in this bill & stop playing with other people's lives
Yes!!!! On a shoe salesman wage too. Damn @SenatorEnzi
How about instead of reinventing the wheel you chip away at the corners preventing it from rolling? Oh...EGO. That's why.
Like the rest of your traitorous party, you refuse to discuss the merits of your bill. We know why. There are no merits to #trumpcare

Let's kick off 15 million people from their plan. Great idea. /s. We need to rid Congress of these greedy fucks.
What about the people it is saving? You are out of touch with the reality of millions of people
There are EASY FIXES to the ACA. U GOPr's are throwing the baby out with the bath water! START OVER in REGULAR ORDER!! #DeathCare
Yes, improvements are needed. But we don't need to repeal. Repeal is too dangerous. Too many depend on ACA protections. NO #SkinnyRepeal
Well, to all thosesupporters that don't care because "I work & get HC thru my job/union unlike you Welfare people" https://twitter.com/senbobcasey/st …
NO. It's time to work across the aisle and FIX WHATS WRONG.
This is what a terrorist looks like. Mike Enzi just gave a speech to kill Americans...
This is not an improvement!
GOP had the power to do something about it while President Obama was in office. Nooooow you act like it's a big deal. Miss me.
Then replace it with a bipartisan plan that's better. Cancelling without a replacement makes you all murderers
Act for the people! Passing buck to House is going to be bad 4 people in WY.U don't give a shit, U have healthcare.
How are u fixing it. Taking a ride in a wheelchair up the stairs.  Have another drink and walk it off in a corn field.  Go back to Wyoming
You're funny!! but why accept the truth when you can spew out lies and strip Americans of healthcare!
but it IS a success for many millions. what about them?
That's GOP bs bc you hated the Black POTUS and want to erase his legacy. #NoRepeal  #NoTrumpCare #DeathforDollarsBill
Repealing is not a means to improving, aka amending. Millions more are better off with ACA. Irresponsible governance! #ACAWorks

Enzi--as nation's health care system is on line--now discussing Segways. And how a guy got to a cocktail party on a wheelchair
So when will you sit down and WORK across the aisle? Stop railroading & collaborate!
You're killing us, Enzi

You Are Literally Killing Americans.
Millions more are covered!
No reason to repeal,to address any issues.
Wyoming - your senator in action.
I don't know else to say:  the GOP is heartless and cruel. We will remember in November. The Enzi stunt will go down in history as callous.
No, it's a success for tens of millions, my family included. Shame on you. As if you could feel shame.

AARP will inform our 38M members how each & every Senator votes on this bill via ads, our print publications, social media & more. #VoteNo
Geez, I don't know, how about just fix the problems? My tire is flat, well just demolish the car cause there is a prob.
REPEAL&MAKE IMPROVMNTS is a CONTRADICTION! REVIEW PI & LEAN - Dont go BACKWARDS!.. BUILD ON STRENGTHS REMOVE WASTE AND WHATS NOT WORKING!
You couldn't run a lemonade stand. GFY.
If we destroyed everything with flaws, the USA wouldn't exist. How about you work to fix, instead of destroy?
Here's an idea: take questions. That's one improvement
Of course not. It's time for GOP to accept that Obama passed GOP's own plan. And GOP to admit their failures, & now shore up ACA. NOW.
You're a coward & a rambling, vile fraud. You're a shame to public service & a puppet to rich interests and an incompetent, racist @POTUS.
It was a success until you racist repugnicans worked to defund important parts of it.
You're looking like a fool! You represent a state with smaller population than some cities whose citizens will become uninsured
What a horrible man you are.
Fix the problems, don't take it away!
The oligarchy thanks you for your service.
Will  you accept the same insurance I will be  able to get NONE!
You are a slave to the dollar and a regime that will be your downfall.  Mark my words.  The blood of 16M Americans is on YOUR hands.
#singlepayer
You and your GOP pals are flushing decency down the toilet & have now reached tin pot dictator level of dysfunction. Appalling.
I get healthcare from my doctor I want to buy ins from free market repeal so I can be free to do so
All we need is liberty and free market get govt out of my insurance
Shut up!  You have no clue what you are nattering on about.  What tools exactly what did these people have in WY?
Passing through WY, but not spending a dime this time!
Repeal Ocare tear it apart piece by piece set me free to buy castrophic insurance
On the contrary, it's time to Repair, not Repeal. U r freight training through a good plan & replacing it with worse! Why? We all lose!!!
Please do not forbid any more Dems to participate in debate about skinny repeal. It is the American way!
not with #SkinnyRepeal, ya'll need to work together and not make this a bipartisan issue
Your grandchild will not have health insurance
My sister in law had Hodgkin's disease 2 x and she was not 65. She relied on Affordable Care Act .
No one believes this shell (shill) game. You're all a bunch of sycophants and sell outs!
Repeal is idiocy. But go ahead. Enjoy your retirement.
You should just stop talking.  You have no idea what you are going on about.  Who the hell is going to sell insurance in WY?
If your state had bothered to pass the Medicaid Expansion so that the ACA would work properly in your state,you'd be preserving it. Shameful
You have no desire for improvements. Decent people see you for what you are. As will your grandchildren.
And it IS a success and a LIFE SAVER for millions. FIX IT, DON'T KILL PEOPLE by repealing it! #KillTheBill #SaveACA
GOP has had 8 years to get a plan however they do not know how to legislate. You sir are a sham and a fraud.
You have nothing to offer
Fix it and let people have health insurance instead of taking it awY
If you had bought & used individual insurance before the ACA, you would know how much better the ACA is! #ACAWorks
So the bill you've crafted over lunch & not shown to anyone else is going to give better care? No, this bill is going to be the end of GOP
How about we repeal and replace Enzi??
Except you don't have a plan for those improvements! Repealing alone is a disastrous plan!
Shame on you!
watching you speak in senate right now. What you are doing is despicable. Not one hearing? Really? You are betraying the American people
If you want to make improvements then don't vote for a bill that will destroy it and take healthcare away from 16 million
Lie. GOP Sabotaging
You will meet me and much of America on the Capitol steps
You are describing single-payer health care. Fix ACA. Or aren't you smart enough to do that?
You need to sit down
1. Terrible posture, sir, please consult a doctor if you can afford it. 
2. Last minute term papers always are on the F side of the curve.
FFFFUUUUCCCCKKKKYYYOOOUUU. Have you spoken to a single physician who has or had to care for these patients BEFORE the ACA took effect?
Voting again tonight, right?
Voting at midnight their time. Seems an appropriate time. The hour of death.
Watching Colbert tear Scaramucci a new one right now. Good fun.
Evil, evil, evil.
People will die from your actions. Let that be on your mind every single day.
You are a LIAR!!!! You are an obstructionist. Your voters are watching how your hurting them. They WILL vote you out.  HaHaHa
You are not an American if you wilfully take away the safety net of health insurance. We will remember you and run you out of our Senate.
Do your damn job!  You don't care about helping people!
Please stop rambling so amendments can be introduced.
Tell me about the improvements.
You are the poster boy for why we need term limits in Congress! Your rambling does not add anything to the issue of health care reform.
I thought it might be nice to move to Wyoming. Thank you for convincing me that idea is a mistake.
Nyet, time to fix it...or get your Rep act together and do the right thing. Cut costs of drugs, no pre exist exclusions, no cap. Listen
@SenateGOP should have to be covered under the plan you are suggesting......
FIX the problems not throw millions off you fraud.
that lie only floats with folks who voted for 45!
HSA's?? You must be out of your effing mind. http://www.wyomingnews.com/opinion/guest_column/mcdaniel-trumpcare-will-harm-millions/article_31b304ac-596e-11e7-bea2-9fee97f64ee7.html …
Then FIX it. Don't hurt MORE people. Skinny Repeal is a fraudulent travesty. #SkinnyRepeal
@SenatorEnzi...your average American can not afford an HSA...you are out of touch......
How can you LIE to the public like that. You should be ashamed of yourself. Must be nice that WE provide YOUR full coverage. How dare you!
A strong nation is a healthy nation Senator,  do what is GOOD for the American ppl.....they will remember in 2018/2020...
Show your face at a town hall meeting!  Coward
I'm a Wyomingite and I disagree. It's successful when more options are available. Improve it, don't repeal it.
so make improvements. Don't trash the whole thing. You aren't representing Wyomingites like you should be!
Thank you for speaking out to these holier than thou Democrats who suddenly, when they don't have the majority want to dictate rules. Lolz
YOU & YOUR PARTY had 7+ YEARS to work up a WORKABLE PLAN... and NOW you'll vote for ANYTHING anti-ACA. PATHETIC is what that is. Nov 2018!
So.... what's the replacement
Tell that to the 6 that voted no on repeal 
Evidence or it's fake news
And many people are unaware of easy ways to adjusting MAGI to hit the subsidy sweet spot such as tax deductible HSA & IRA contributions.
Many people are afraid of the "pay-back" provisions that would hurt you if your CY income is higher than you expected in the PY. @Obamacare
It is a problem for the middle class person who has variable income & not covered by an employer health plan. @Obamacare
Yes there are problems. Repealing solves none of them and will create more problems. Every bill you've offered has magnified those problems
So, do your job or quit and go home! It is REALLY that simple! 
Remove the profit motive by eliminating insurance companies
Seems as though u don't have support on this feed sir. Bet if u actually had a plan and cared abt ppl u might.
Fix it repealing will leave millions out
Were trying to, Democrats keep voting Zero. Listen to your Senator on CSPAN!
Time to repeal the 1973 HMO act gentlemen.@POTUS @SenWarren @SenSanders @SenateDems
Then actually do that!  Tax cuts for millionaires is what the GOP keeps pushing forward instead.

Trump is shutting down ACA call centers. He's trying to MAKE it fail, making it harder to get coverage on purpose. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/20/trump-administration-scraps-obamacare-signup-assistance-in-18-cities.html …
And you’re about to make it much worse w/o talking to voters. You’re politicizing our #healthcare. Senator, you are not working for Wyoming.
Wow, Obama politicized healthcare when he introduced Obamacare. Get a clue
Go away, you're so uninformed...Geez

There should not be a repeal of a program that benefits our #Veterans 
We owe them our #freedom
#VeteransResist 
…
No Repeal without Replacement. Stop lying

#VeteransResist it's time to tell Congress how the #ACA and #Medicaid help you get care the #VA doesn't cover. Your voice matters. 
Repeal but No Plan in place. Give us 2 more years on top of the 7 we've had to come up with something. Clearly unfit to be in the Senate
no....it's time to work on fixing the existing law - Do your Job !

"The skinny bill as policy is a disaster" - Sen Graham

Lindsey Graham: "This product does not replace Obamacare, it is a fraud" 

https://action.groundswell-mvmt.org/petitions/health-care-for-all-let-s-fix-this …

Please sign and retweet as I don't want to die…
Don't just trash it. The ACA has good points. Edit and revise. Treat it as a rough draft not just trash  #aca #ResistRepeal

We have less than 48 hrs to stop #Trumpcare. We must give it our all today. Lives are at stake: (202) 224-3121.
http://action.dickdurbin.com/page/s/no-obamacare-repeal?source=sm170727 …
Only if you include your own health benefits in the repeal.
