In what world do you live?
What position are you vying for? Or how much money did you get from big oil?
Remarkably short sighted but entirely unsurprising considering you're bought n paid for by coal and oil
Thanks, grandpa, for leaving the world worse than you found it.
You are wrong. We are well ahead of the world.
I love Herman Cain! "We are suckers"!
Because you are a villain
So you applaud seeing the US no longer leading the world? Extremely disappointing. You won’t get my vote.
We are leading and we don't need your vote! Get real!!!
Your honorary I commend you for being brave and making decisions on our behalf have a wonderful night may God bless you and your family
Lunatics will applaud anything, especially if it is done by Mr Fart !
Well, aren't you articulate??
I wouldn't have admitted that... You present yourself as brainwashed and willing to sacrifice country for your extreme Nationalism

@Scavino45 Why does it appear you are a cheering section of one?
GOP would applaud tRump if he took a dump on your living room carpet.
Disgusting!!!
Agreed
TRUMP IS NO LONGER RELEVANT #dumptrump
Most of your constituents disagree. As well as most of the country. Your job is to represent us and you have failed. You should resign.
I can't see what I'm agreeing with bc I'm blocked by enzi's official account. You're probably right though.
Yeah! We'll screw ourselves, thank you very much!
Wow - and the coal industries mouth piece speaks...
What changes will be made before this takes effect after next election and a Democrat President puts us back in the agreement?
Nice so what's his counter strategy ????

#Minority YOU WONT BE RE-ELECTED
We could change our Paris commitments without withdrawing.  Was voluntary goal by each country. China has everything to gain by US withdraw
So do i
Sad
Bought and paid for. Another repulican getting rich on the backs of the elderly and disadvantaged. Murderer.
Another bought and paid for republican. There is not one ethical person in your party. Traitor.
'Agree! We again, would've been footing the bill for all nations' pollution emission clean up; Send a Memo: Clean it Up!!
#ParisAgreement #MOPGA
Unfortunately he harms everyone in doing this. We all share the planet, so he harms not only USA but all of us.
I like the way y'all make it so easy to keep track of the trash we will be throwing out.
He is not going to make America great, he is going to physically destroy it. Doing more harm to American people than IS could ever do.
Generations to follow are going to blame people like you. We only have one planet.
who are you and why should we care what you think? GO!!
That is exactly why I did not, and would never vote for you @SenatorEnzi
It took guts. President Trump is r champion. 
#WeThePeople will not forget. #Vote2020 Time to retire!
Because you are being paid to betray the planet?  Do you think God will forgive you for destroying his works?
1) Totally disgusted with you & @SenJohnBarrasso, selling out the Wy constituents and American ppl. We deserve to have clean air & water,...
your eyes are open to your own agenda. When did you stop working for the ppl or did you ever? Wyoming ppl need to vote you both out.
@elonmusk @FelipeCalderon @JLozanoA @jorgeramosnews @lopezdoriga @CarlosLoret @RamonAvina
Of course! Next you'll be asking for drilling of whatever on public lands. Bye Enzi 2018! #ParisAgreement #MAGA #publiclandsinpublichands
We all know that the American people got the short end of the stick on this agreement. Trump is looking out for us
I hope you don't have children or grandchildren who like to breathe.
Tell that to your grandchildren and explain their future to them, good luck on that!
Insanity
Traitors !! You will kill us all.. I hope you all get locked away
#ShallowSenatorEnzi U & Our @potus is #unfit2govern #unworthy2serve This is a #Shameful event by a #ShallowVindictivePotus
Let yours and your family lungs get the fullness of the consequences of breathing lots of harming CO2
Another ass who doesn't worry about sea level rise.
Senator Enzi, you're better than this.
Now the US joins Syria and Nicaragua in denying Climate Change.  Does that make you proud?  Are you now as senile as our President?
SUPPORT TRUMP
SAD. SHAME...SHAME...SHAME...Earth Last. Foolish man ... Learn to think for yourself and the children SHAME on YOU!!! SAD
Trump doesn't recognize loyalty, Mike. He doesn't care. He's a deranged narcissist. Maybe cover your own ass rather than pandering?
surprise old white man posts very official looking letter that if full of crap
Please tell us how this helps? Many bright minds said don't yet Trump, with his limited vocab, said yes.
YOU LOOSE
You are now just as crazy as Trump. You are a traitor to America and to Americans. Booo.
Boy oh boy all you a*shat GOP'ers weighing in in support! We know where the money is! In your pockets! Shameful! 
Idiots
Another stupid member of Congress.  Thanks for killing us all.  Your grandchildren and mine will pay for this stupidity
I applaud you Sen Enzi for supporting @POTUS in withdrawing from Paris Accord! You show you're for the American worker & taxpayer!!!
What did he offer you to support stupidity? #resistance
@WhiteHouse #campaign2020
#pollution #climatechange
Pathetic party before country & lack of intellectual integrity comment!
@WhiteHouse Vacuous flunky.
Have you read it?  What EXACTLY is the language you object to?
Thank You for supporting our @POTUS
2018
Thank You for standing up for Our President
Thank you for understanding the unconstitutional accord. We were paying for everything while most countries pay nothing.
All idiot republicans in the pockets of the Koch Bros, oil and gas  corps. #Trump as abrogated US leadership. #corruption #GOP #GangofPutin
Pulling out of the #ParisAgreement is a matter of life or death,all humans are concerned with climate change,and ocean pollution. be careful
I regret I won't be one of your constituents who will be voting you out of office in 2018...
#leavingwyoming
#turn2018blue
Yes now get healthcare and tax reform done pronto. We have waited for 6 years on this.
BTW:  stop ditching town hall meetings you chicken!  Get Barasso and Cheney to do their jobs too!
Another stupid
Thx for supporting @POTUS
Yes!
That's OK 2018 right around the corner
You're destroying the future of everything!
Yeah... get off the coal thing... it's not happening anymore.  Someone bring Wyo into 2017....  #jointhepresent
Taking names Scuzball traitor TICK TOCK
Give me a break you tool.  Time for OLD men like you to retire or NOT get reelected again.  Do you even have a clue what's in the plan. NO !
I also applaud President Trump, it's time we stop paying everyone else's bills. Make America Great Again,
The sane citizens of the USA will continue to fight climate change at the state and city level as this administration keeps denying it.
Every Senator and Representative who supports @POTUS action should find their way to the soon-to-be iceberg off Antartica. #DEMANDCHANGE

This decision weakens America's standing as a world leader, worsens our economic prospects, and endangers our children. #fail
Have you tried to remove your head from his rectum then you wouldn't applaud you would see the real truth this is a bad idea
Isaiah 43:19
Behold, I will do a new thing, Now it shall spring forth; Shall you not know it? I will even [1/2]
make a road in the wilderness And rivers in the desert. [2/2]
Can't wait to vote against you. Fool.
Again, you have violated the trust of your state and chosen party over what is best for the people. You should be ashamed of yourself.
2018 - Bye Bye Enzi!!
It will only hurt WY when everyone stops buying the coal that you keep insisting we dig up.
This is I foolish decision that hurts #Wyoming & isolates us from the world. 

Please hold a #TownHall to meet w/ voters about this.
Thankfully the majority of Americans disagree with you and hopefully this position will ensure you do not get reelected #COP21
I doubt that
Stop hurting us
Coal is dead.  Reanimating its corpse is just welfare for those not smart enough to move on from the coal industry.
and you’re asking for it, Enzi.  Watch your back.
