Senator,  Time for Single Payer.  Covers everyone at lower cost.  Enough trying "to make a silk purse out of a sows ear"(AKA multi-payer)
Who is going to pay for it genius?
Taxpayers. We're already paying for 60% of all healthcare spending. Estimated 30% of current spending is administrative waste.
We are not going to a single payer health care system. Look how government run health care has worked out for the vets.
Australia, Canada, New Zealand and Taiwan or examples of single payer systems. Medicare is a single payer system
You are not going to sell me on living my life under the control of the government.
Obtrusive regulations only add more administrative hassles and lead to patient and physician  dissatisfaction
"relief for constituents" doesn't include kicking millions off health insurance for tax cuts to billionaires. or are the billionaires...
the "constituents" you're talking about? I'm disappointed GOP has sabotaged payments forcing insurers to flee marketplaces. I'm also...
disappointed that you and your colleagues don't seem to understand you're playing petty partisan politics with REAL LIVES! stop your...
damn tit-for-tat children's games and come together in a bipartisan manner to FIX the things w/ACA you guys weakened the 1st time.
THEN you will see health insurance that works for everyone. as it stands, WY did NOT take Medicaid Expansion when it was offered & it...
hurt thousands of people for not doing so. and why didn't WY take it? because it was Obama's health plan - granted he lifted it from...
@Heritage and made a few tweaks, but seriously, you guys came up with this plan in the 90s. the reason you can't come up with anything...
better is BECAUSE YOUR PLAN IS ALREADY IN PLAY! who writes y'all's talking points anyway? I mean do they just think most people won't see...
#FullRepeal #Flattax #TaxReform. Try what Cruz suggested. Lower taxes and simple tax code. #FightForLiberty.
Mike, taking away healthcare from 33 million people isn't solving any problem.  You in fact want to create a problem for folks.  Shut up.
#Flattax #TaxReform. Try what Cruz suggested. Lower taxes and simplified tax code. #FightForLiberty. America is watching
#FAIRtax
Back to Constitutional Conservative governance in ALL areas! Stop the insanity!
After #FullRepeal, let's get moving with #TaxReform.  We want flat tax, simpler tax code, no death tax, etc. #FightForLiberty

Study says Trump administration actions triggering double-digit premium increases on individual health policies: http://apne.ws/P5UfiY7 
So that means you will draft a Medicare for All proposal ?
7 years of political grandstanding and complaining and what do you have to show for it? Nothing!
Tax reform: Flat tax! End: Loopholes, death tax & overseas profit tax, ACA taxes & lower corporate rate. Reform IRS
Please continue to work to repeal and replace. No single payer system.
Tax Reform! Flat tax rates for singles and businesses, stop the loopholes, repeal Obamacare taxes, and downsize the IRS. #CongressDoYourJob
Time to start looking at the IRS. #FlatTax #FightForLiberty America is watching

I heard you repeat lie after lie on the Senate floor while refusing to yield to questions or rebuttal of your falsehoods.#liar #ImpeachTrump
never been politically motivated till #45 & ur obstruction of healthcare & Dem senators, 8 of us canceled annual WY fishing trip after 20yrs
Does it involve holding the floor so that all elected representatives don't have an opportunity to raise issues? Shame on you.
YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING. Lets take your health care away and a daily $ fine too, until you come up with a true plan that works for all.
Except you NEVER worked on anything. Why do you hate Americans?
BS! You showboated for hours last night with no intentions of working for Americans!
America watched you disrespect & 
condescend to female Democratic Senator. You are shameful. Time for you to retire.
You had seven years to figure it out.  All talk no action.  Mr. Enzi are your healthcare costs rising?  Oh wait you are exempt from O Care!
In short, you and your party are really good at whining but you suck at governing. Got it.
I am sorry to say this Senator has reached his life time service. Aging happens to us all. Struggles w organization & language are clues.
#BLUEWAVE 2018 #THERESISTANCE
The plan you're looking for is right HERE.
Mike...no one will remember the mayor from Gillette who worked across the isle now. They will only remember the hyper partisan hack.
You won't get snippy and try to block your fellow senators from speaking before another ill conceived tax bill that was written over pasta?
Tell me how much Wyoming contributes to the US economy and the federal coffer? Tyrants, the lot of you.
Why should I care about a hand full of people that live in Wyoming? you have shown you don't care for us.
Shame on you for filibustering last night. It did you no good and you looked like a fool. You should apologize to Sen. Patty Murray.
Mike Enzi we watched your repulsive behavior last night and you need to resign. You're bad for the country!  #Shameful
How about you stop borrowing from the national debt to finance insurance companies for a start.
you were hateful to the reps of half the country last night, you need to work on your attitude about your colleagues.
We don't need you & gov to fix healthcare we need you & gov to take your boots of free market
Where's your plan. Am I going to have to watch my husband die???
Will the senator yield for a question?How do you justify voting to defund coops 3 times,then bitch about it on the floor? #SkinnyBillDead
Are you going to write a proper bill that controls costs and improves access or just more tax cuts. Art laffer is a fraud, you know.
We can solve our healthcare woes by ridding the USA of the FASCIST, ANTI-AMERICAN TRAITORS tRump, his administration, & the all Republicans.
Your actions last night were disgusting. Pushing a bad bill through without reading to harm the public and make the rich, richer. #corrupt
Work with Senator Chris Van Hollen , be bi-partisan ! You will get much more respect that way. Be better than Trump, McConnell & Ryan !
You should start with educating your voters about the ACA. Maybe explain what the Essential Healthcare Benefits are. #FailureFriday
no single payer because "we already have something we're familiar with"? Did you even get any input from other countries?
Because millions of people having health insurance counts as woes
get up and go!
Work with the dems. They worked tirelessly to give this country the ACA that addressed so many of the problems w our system. Support it.
Shameless doofery last night Bozo!
By resigning? I saw you laugh at the end of your babbling speech. Taking self pride of wasting an HOUR without yielding for questions!

Now do the right thing and work with the Democrats to fix the ACA. That's what you should have done all along!
The reason you wouldn't take questions is because you clearly had no answers, and everyone saw your blatant lies about the ACA.
You've been working on it for seven years. Just stop you're only embarrassing yourself!
I hope the good people of Wyoming wake up & realize that Enzi-& his colleagues-way of doing things is outdated & despicable. RESIGN.
Give it up.
No one wants to buy the GOP's health care shit sandwich, no matter how nicely you try to package it
Republicans betrayed the American people
Are u gonna work for us or the top 1%???
You and @GOP sabotaged health care every step of the way. You embarrassed yourself last night while millions watched. Thank you cspan!
and the Republican plan was going to be better? Work with the Democrats and fix the ACA! Stop the stupid ideology! Solutions!
Yeah you did a hell of a job last night. Your filibuster will go down in history as an embarrassment.
Please work to get more young and healthy people in the system. That will bring down premiums.
By talking Segways, insulin, motorized chairs, & trust funds? While pointing the finger and refusing to take questions. You're despicable.
You are so utterly out of touch.  Not yielding time to Dems last night after @gop sprung a shameful plan on Americans was shameful.
Yes. That was an embarrassing moment...while the entire developed world is present in the year 2017-Enzi still acts like its 1950. RESIGN.
Problem w/GOP is u r not capable of writing a real bill U jot down a few incoherent points in the dead of night on a napkin&call healthcare
No thanks, you're a miserably inept hack of a Republican, who should resign because of your cowardness. Trying to sneak a bad bill thru?!SAD
By resigning?
What a shameful lack of leadership last night. Not yielding to take questions, then lambasting that they didn't help? Disgraceful. #Resign
The GOP is a hate group ... their form of leadership is a group of white male thugs holding a closed door circle jerk in a Senate back room
#TheResistance
 
Will this be a real plan?  Or more whining?  Never forget...
I fart in your general direction
Make sure to put some effort behind it!
You're pathetic. All that effort and you all still couldn't pass anything 
Mike Bell-Endzi.
PURE BULLSHIT!
Just quit. You're an embarrassment to this state and the nation got a full view of it last night. #shame #wygopfail
