you're joking right? You should be ashamed of yourself for putting money over our children. Especially those w/ special needs.
When does the Senator stand for reelection?
I am not positive but he was elected 2014.I possibly 2018, if I am not mistaken. Not quite sure :(
Senators serve for 6 years, so you can look forward to 2020, but don't forget the upcoming elections in 2017.
I am sorry, I thought I read 4 years. I am not much into this political stuff ... but this ... hits home.
Devos is probably the most unqualified person for the job.  Ashamed that my senator would endorse her.
When does the Senator face reelection?
@PoliticsK12   Sadly, a vote for her is a vote for the destruction of your state's education system.
When does the Senator face reelection?
election  2020
Your voicemail boxes and social media pages are full - telling you you're wrong and to stop supporting DeVos. Listen to us. No.
When does the Senator stand for re-election?
DeVos is not good for Education, but we'll be safe from Grizzlies thanks to your vote.
DeVos is historically & wildly under-qualified for this position and our education systems will be negatively affected by it.
No! You must say #NotoDeVos
Betsy DeVos is grossly unqualified.  Protect our kids!
She has no education experience. She wants to make everyone go to christian schools and teach only the bible.
please vote #NoonDeVos so my low-income, autistic son, doesn't lose out.
I urge you to change you mind. http://Fed.fund   equally and IDEA is not just state law. She didn't know what IDEA was.
She is grossly unqualified and doesn't understand rural life. Her plans will negatively affect your constituents.Don't confirm
say it ain't so. This is our children's future. How dare you take an anti-education stance.
#VoteNoDevos unless supporting public schools means stealing, gutting them and using profits to push your #AltRight agenda
please reconsider your support of Ms DeVos. Students special needs & all students need your leadership. She lacks experience.
I am a retired teacher, and still actively involved with education. Vote No.
we have  a house in Pinedale. But would never consider raising our kids there if this is your opinion on public ed. #dobetter
she has shown no knowledge of education. You have truly mastered being a politician if you can say this with a straight face
Betsy DeVos demonstrated herself to be completely unprepared for this job in her Senate Hearings.
An actual grizzly bear would be as qualified, this position is the most blatant example of pay to play ever. Total corruption!
DeVos is unqualified and has made you and our state look like fools. Truly saddened by your vote
this was very disappointing to hear. You are putting your party ahead of your constituency, and the youth of Wyoming & the US
My 10 yr old knows more about education than Devos. Yes vote for her = no vote for you. Take your pick.
she's a hack and should not be confirmed.
How in hell can she help a dept. she doesn't know nor the laws already in place?#willfullignorance #DumpDevos #DumpEnzi
Besty DeVos is completely unqualified.  Our students deserve better!
She is not qualified! @SenatorEnzi
My special needs child will suffer under the inexperienced  DeVos. I WILL remember who voted to trample his rights to FAPE.
a vote for DeVos means I will not vote for you again.
My special needs child will suffer under the inexperienced  DeVos. I'll remember who voted to trample his rights to FAPE.
I am a Wyoming teacher, please vote 'no' on DeVos!!!
But not parents of special needs teacher
Wyoming prides itself on our education system, being one of best in nation! You're a RUSSIAN STOOGE SELL OUT & PUTIN LOVER! @senatorEnzi
Completely unqualified & inept for position. Shame you have put party loyalty ahead of what is best for our kids. #NoBetsyDevos
u truly have no concern that someone w/ no qualifications is in that position. Wake up already
It's funny that you actually believe her. She has no concern for public school students or those with special needs. WAKE UP!
Very disappointed in @SenatorEnzi. The flexibility DeVos promises will only harm kids in WY (where I received a fantastic public education).
I don't care much if you embarrass yourself. But you embarrassed Wyoming today. Shame. How much is DJT paying you?
You are unbelievable. She did not know the IDEA was a federal law. Shame on you.
Excellence in education demands exceptional leadership. Many of my WY Ed colleagues are better qualified. Please reconsider.
as a Wyoming educator,  I couldn't disagree more with your decision to back Betsy DeVos.
but does she know the dif. B/t growth and proficiency? Nope. guess you don't as well
Maybe you could hire Smoky Bear for your forthcoming legal needs. Equally qualified.
she will work to privatize education which is not in the best interests of Wyo students. Disappointed in your support of her.
Obviously you're making this your last term by supporting this woman with no public school experience. Shameful for education.
so sad you made this choice! She is not good for education and not good for students! #disappointed #listentothepeople
You have been misled. She will destroy public education.
You're are nothing but a GOP puppet. DeVos is severely under qualified and is detrimental to our public education system.
.@SenatorEnzi Please request that every Sen, who accepted campaign contributions from the DeVos family, recuse themselves. #draintheswamp
Shame on you! DeVos has no idea what true education looks like. Our children are more important than your reelection. #noDeVos
It saddens me to read that you voted to support this nomination... #PleaseSpendADayWithOurTeachers
She was completely unprepared for a conformation hearing. You think she's prepared to lead a Federal Department though?
She is a raging homophobe who lied on & plagiarized her paperwork. Perfect fit for the GOP
Very disappointing. Shame that the flood of calls, emails and tweets from your constituents did not even make a dent.
shame on u for this vote!  this Wyo native will work hard to see you lose next election
how much did she pay for your vote? We are watching!
@PoliticsK12 she will be too busy shuttering public schools and focusing on job training instead of real education.
That's funny! How's she gonna do that? She couldn't answer a single question at her hearing, so how is she gonna lead Educ.‽
you should be ashamed that you are putting blind party loyalty ahead of the education of your constituent's children! Shame!
Sadly, she will destroy public education & increase our divisions #DumpDevos
ask the state of Michigan how "flexible" #DeVos is. #shameful
Senator Enzi...I urge you to evaluate the facts vs. flexibility.  Betsy DeVos does not understand ed policy+.
um nope she is there to give more money to private & charter schools over public sad to see you siding with donors over US pub.
that's 1 interpretation. Mine: she will plummet our public schools to a new all time low & take the GOP with her. #DumpDevos
@PoliticsK12 so very doubtful. Is she able to read that herself ? Or does she need a tutor ? #geteducated
**BZZZZZZZZT** she'll enrich herself and the president.
