Then move there Meck. I promise you will not be missed
Let's not make this about anyone but you Meck. Why r u hiding?
U only answer with memes Meck. humorous. I got a lot. Wanna see them Meck. And congratulations on being blocked by Lou Dobbs. U are amazing
Shame on you.   Backwards thinking to support a Russian plant in our WH.    Hopefully, we will soon be rid of all you "party" republicans.
Eternal Emperor in His Own Mind: The Distorted Reality of Donald Trump (via @Pocket) #longreads
You do know that you don't have to follow trump on everything! You can go against him, and in this  case you should have! #BadDecisions
This is bad. Only 3 countries said no to the Paris agreement. Syria, Nicaragua & U.S. You are supporting a con artist. It is shameful.
Coal is DEAD & not bec of the Paris deal stop lying to America
Hi from one of your constituents. Very saddened by your stance on this, for my children and all future generations. Sad!
Yes....he just advocated for killing children
We are the United States of America, and we were ready and willing to bear the burden of this new global goal to ensure our survival.
Enzi just say, "everything trump says I complicity agree with because I need his endorsement for 2020." Save time.
I demand an apology from u 2 my son 4 encouraging end  #ParisAgreeement He has terrible asthma due 2 environment u r neglecting.
It was not 'a deal', sir. You are sadly mistaken. And, now, you are mistaken for a leader.
Way to go Margery. If it wasn't a deal what was it. Please tell us more. Nice comments. Classy. You should run for office Margery. Wow
You are disingenuous and an irresponsible Senator of Wyoming. You do NOT have our best interests at heart. Only your greedy own.
The real reason?

#Traitor!!  Do your job.  Protect our democracy and our constitution.
Traitor hahahaha...how is that not democracy?? I'm confused
We are Russian spies you know and we are now watching you.  Be careful Meck
If you are so proud of being blocked why do you not own your tweets and show your face. Researching now and calling Putin
Nothing like denying facts.
Your ignorance is an astounding embarrassment now turned harmful to our future. Top entrepreneurs disagree with you.
The axis of idiocy: America, Syria, and Nicaragua.  A sad day for America and a sad day for Wyoming.
Nicaragua thought the agreement was too weak ... they are moving forward to address climate change more aggressively. It's just us & Syria 
US is 2nd in gh gas emissions, and wildfires will increase. China pays more to other cntries. Pull out bad for US &WY
Code of the West, my ass.
Another reason to never come to Wyoming
Yea we wouldn't want to have too much clean energy. You're an embarrassment
Says "The Montana Moron" that does not even realize that Glacier National Park does NOT have any glaciers left due to global warming.
we emit the most carbon so we had to reduce more. simple stuff. I can't wait to see what DEM they vote in your position soon.
Soon no countries will want coal, Wyoming will be behind in sustainable energy production & this will be #YourLastTerm
Thank you Sir! 
No. It wasn't a bad deal.  200 countries ratified it. Every scientist on earth approves it.  

You are going to be removed for power. Bye.
The world and the American people choked on U.S. industrial pollution and smut for years. How fair was that?
Who did it lot off the hook. You are repeating talking points from @realDonaldTrump who knows nothing about the subject and cares even less.
SHAME on you!
Thank you Senator Enzi.  Apparently the opposition does not care for the details in the constitution. Signed registered voter in Wyoming
I will enjoy campaigning to get you out of office.
You are to senile for office.
I bet you sell swampland when Congress isn't in session...your statement is a distortion of fact.
And I thought NOBODY could be as big a fool as Trump. THANKS FOR PROVING ME WRONG! When you gonna have TOWN HALL you cowardly POS?
Your views are dangerous.
Looks like this isn't going well for you.  Maybe go back in the shoe business?
We are America. More should be demanded of us.
More deplorable leadership!
Ignorant and irresponsible
When will you stop enabling this petulant baby? He's an embarrassment, and so are you.
45 is the first lemming and WY's congress people are his little follower lemmings
sounds more like the crooked corrupt @GOP .
 
It was based on science that has never existed.  That is the real reason it is a bad deal both for us and for the world we have misled.
We can blame you and trump for the horror to come from this. And beleave me I will shout it from the roof tops
Totally agree. I'm glad common sense has returned to Washington.
Your ignorance in the face of overwhelming scientific data is astounding.  Shame on you.  You place Wyoming and our entire country at risk.
LIAR!!!!
Say that to your grand kids when our ice caps have melted.
Coal is obsolete - to costly - low number of miner compared to jobs being created in renewable energy - move into the future
You will be remembered as being on the wrong side of history when climate change becomes increasingly prevalent.
#ParisAgreement
You are morally corrupt. GOP always spouts USExceptionalism. But this time it's too hard? #youarekillingourchildren #literally
You didn't actually read it did you? It was like New Year's goals. Lofty, but nothing at stake if we didn't go to the gym or ate donuts.
But if the US could lead by taking action on climate change it would still help reduce carbon levels. This is a global benefit
Stop kissing Trumps ass would you.
Ah, echoing Trump's "bad deal" rhetoric. At 73, I would've thought you'd have your own thoughts.
This will stall job growth in America. Terrible. He needs a basic course on macroeconomics, supply and demand.
Please resign. You're terrible.
Hope you aren't planning to run for office again, your time is up.
I'm voting for him!!!
I'm not sure why you bother making statements. You just agree w/whatever *45 says & does. Just put "ditto" to whatever he tweets.
Stop hurting us
Coal is dead. Reanimating its corpse is welfare for those not smart enough to move on from the coal industry.

You’re asking for it, Enzi.
