You're performance tonight just didn't deliver.  I can't wait until your segue into the making of segways goes in the history books.
Good!  Push them over the edge! Medicare/Medicaid for all will solve all of the ACA problems.
GOP sabotaged it, removed risk corridors. Our GOP relatives voted 4 their own dad to lose Medicaid! Make America Think Critically Again!
Insurance profits over people is what you support. How much $$ have you taken from insurance industry and their lobbyists? #SenatorSellout
He doesn't support anyone but himself. He is a pawn. Stalling for the  Rs.
Nope. I work in healthcare. Repugnicans pulled funding for exchanges which caused the problems. LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
Very true. I saw the figures for a big HMO. They are doing well! Yet, they lie, too, to support their buddies.
This is blatantly false. Hope the matter is finally settled
You are voting to inflict harm on millions of people. Unfortunately, you can't vote to undo the laws of Karma.
This is a domestic terrorist -Mike enzi- killed more Americans than 9/11.
So you decided to throw millions of people's only hope of survival away. A pox and a curse on your house and name for generations.
Then do something about the insurance companies
I would suggest pushing health insurance markets over the brink then.  Single payer system would cut the money grubbers out! Free at last!
Exactly what #Obama wanted. He was elected to bring this country to ruin and thats exactly what he is doing.
I love #ACA and I don't care a black man named Obama or his signature on it 
Americans WANT AFFORDABLE CARE
You're thinking of the uncertainty created by threats to repeal
#Wyoming, vote this poor excuse of a public servant out of office! Your state deserves so much better!
You're killing us, Enzi

You Are Literally Killing Americans.
How is it that a shoe salesman can determine the medical future of millions of Americans.  Your talking in circles, reading from your book
Here is the#healthcare reality GOP hates all Americans and want them to die before getting health insurance.
Lies! That is not true.
This vote is just to allow your caucus leadership to get leverage to force the senate to pass whatever terror McConnell wants to fix it l8r
Fix it. Make it better.
you're thinking of the GOP
What a disgrace.
U R a boob.
This bill and this process is a disgrace.
So thanks for selling out Wyoming for D.C. Interests.
Your process is disingenuous and you clearly approve of lies and dishonesty to pass tax cuts.
Look, your skinny real nonsense will completely destroy insurance markets. You know this, we all know this.
why repeal and not improve? its obvious ppl want it . they just want it better. oh yeah...a black man and democrat put it in place.
#wydenrocks
They're in trouble because YOU DEFUNDED CO-OPs 3 times.
#shumer gets 2 minutes.
This is a flat out lie and you know it. How can you vote to strip millions of their healthcare? We won't forget
Oh and over 100k contributions from the health industry.  What an Evil Sell Out .
GOP sabotage has tried to put Obamacare on the brink of collapse. No one hurting your constituents more then your own party. Shame.
No REPUBLICANS DID. The destabilization of the markets are to blame. You could EASILY have fixed what was wrong with ACA
#greatwyomingenzio turds
Yup, 20% increases until 2028 will ensure you get a lot of campaign contributions. Nice to know who's pocket you are in
Before Obamacare there was no way to get insurance except Cobra when I lost my job soy suck
FALSE. You are LYING and you know it.
Your insane plan will CRASH the healthcare industry, everyone will suffer
That is a lie.
That is a lie, Republicans have done this with the uncertainty surrounding your unwanted repeal efforts
Not true. ACA was sabotaged by GOP governors never implemented as intended sabotage equals failure
Shame on you selfish old man. You are trying to enact legislation that you will not live to see destroy people's lives.
False.
Say no to skinny repeal!! You are awful.
You lie.
Your party has contributed to this collapse. It's as though the GOP is literally incapable of recognizing or telling the truth.
Please allow for questions. This is supposed to be a debate on the bill.
No. The reality is that many of us rely on preexisting protections for our family . I don't know how to tell you you should care 4 ppl
No. YOU Republicans in Congress have put market on brink of collapse. FIX IT.
MURDERER.
Healthcare as a whole is financially out of control. Need to put limits in place to control cost. The entire healthcareindustry is broken
your republican party has sabotaged Obamacare in those parts of the country. 
Now you talk of privatizing Medicare
you're disgusting
when are you up for reelection? Cuz I am SO looking forward to voting against you!
Here is the reality: This is simply untrue.
Oh yea I know how the companies are the ones hurting!!!! How about all the people in medical debt in Wyoming because of said companies.
Senator: don't know where u are getting ur research/facts either u r lying or using 'alt facts'. I'm not finding ur assessment is correct.
Here is the #healthcare reality: Obamacare w/o the Medicaid expansion in all 50 states has put insurance markets on the brink of collapse
This is a lie…. Guess you are ok with some sins. Seems like a bit of blasphemy to declare yourself judge on “OK” sins, and “not ok sins"
And a note to your social media person: Retweeting the same untruths doesn’t make them reality. It’s just insulting to us & demeaning to you
Enzi is a little Trump...he believes lies prevail... & they do with stupid people...kind of a statement abt what he thinks of Wyoming peeps
No he is a whore trying to keep his pension. Holding court for the Rs who are napping.
Senator, this is untrue. You & the #wyleg worked to undercut the #ACA. Our premiums are going up. Your rhetoric is empty. Stop saying this.
Nice work on the cost info. The ACA is the reason for higher rates cannot have lower rates without risks pools and reinsurers.
still lying I see...stop just stop..we don't believe you
You're on the brink of collapse.
You are a liar!
You’re asking for it, Enzi.
