Once again we see that you opening your mouth and speaking amounts to nothing but hot air.  But nice try, dillweed.
7 years of political grandstanding and complaining and what do you have to show for it? NOTHING
@SenatorEnzi is a lot richer. But he has disgraced himself forever.
Do something. Something helpful to your constituents fix it. Fix it right. Let people live.
Your silly antics proved how far your party has sunk.
Suffering would be to have no healthcare or not be able to afford its expensive premiums and barely get covered for a minor health issue ASS
Thx for the sp correction!
YOU ARE DISGUSTING! GOP: GREED OVER PEOPLE!
Versus suffering under NOTHING? GOP never wanted Americans have healthcare, will drag their heels until we get nothing. #Shame  #liarliar
Millions more=> helped. I'm one. Early today when you read from the book & refused to take questions, I nearly lost my mind. Glad I had ACA.
Stop calling it healthcare it's big gov insurance
Please teach your social media staff the difference between propaganda and honest debate.
Enzi's social media staff should quit in protest. They came within a hair's breadth of having the blood of Wyomingites on their hands.
I have Obamacare and I'm not suffering

No, sir. Not doing anything is preventing floor debate of bill by fillibustering for 2 hours, telling stories.  That isn't governing. #Shame
You're a pathetic little man. Rambling on to prevent a real discussion of the healthcare bill? Sad! #TrumpCare
But doing something that makes it far worse is great idea. Disgraceful display last night. This is not a congress. This is stupidity
Happy most senators didn't buy into your lies. Backroom written bill without bipartisan input and now you say offer constructive ideas.
Hey, Enzi ... read THIS!!!!
We are all suffering under this "leadership" you call an administration. Focus on fixing that before we face even more disastrous results!
Not impressed
"Where's the beef?!" #FailureEveryday SAD state when GOP slams #ACA but 7-yrs later does not hv a better plan & you're paid $180K+/yr for ??
The 85% that like the ACA have won the day!  Those 3 Republicans that voted against your 'skinny' bill are my heroes!
Delusional.
I'm a constituent. You're making it so it will be FAR harder for me & many others to get decent health care. That, sir, is unacceptable.
Agreed. I have Medicare now so I'm ok but have children and grand children that are not. Medicare system is in place & could serve us all.
So work together in a bipartisan effort and get something done that works.
But you don't have plan that will help! Work across the aisle to repair ACA. Build on good and repair the flaws. Stop political games!
You're a putz.
Ha. Yup. Nicely put.
I am hopeful your bullying taught you a lesson about political discourse.
You POS!!
U lost. Suck it up. Move on u old white farts
Shame on u!This is how history will remember u.Hope it was worth ur integrity & ur career.Im sure ur family is so proud of u.Disgusting&Sad
You should be ashamed of your behavior last night. Govern and work with *all* of your fellow Senators for the betterment of the people.
Wyoming- are you watching your Senator?  Reading from a book? This is the Budget Chair? But I'm sure he's a great guy otherwise.
Your behavior on the floor was disgusting. #karma

Exactly. Work with Dems to stabilize the individual markets and work to increase subsidies.
Then make it better..single payer
Traitor
Real effective.
your behavior was deplorable.  You owe America an apology for your podium efforts.  Oh and you failed.
In fact, I'm thinking about running AGAINST YOU!
Listen here @SenatorEnzi 
WE DON'T WANT ACA REPEALED 
2017 is the year you are no longer my Senator! 
Epic fail Mike!!!! You and all your Republican cronys have failed
Watching you talk about #healthcare bill.  Half the Senate had little time to read the bill, & you refused to answer questions. Not good.
Horrible human being.
Hopeful the people of Wyoming will vote for change next cycle. You are NOT in their best interest.
What of the millions that would have suffered if your skinny bill got pasted, do they not matter? Stop the bickering and work with Dems.
Why don't you work together, across the aisle, which is why you are actually there.
Please be a more decent and compassionate human being.
You lost again.
Jerk.
Your cowardice this evening was not rewarded. I pray the voters of WY remember your obstruction and elect a good and brave man.
Wyoming deserves better than this lying, cantankerous old fool.
Great work. Maybe you should retire now?
What "suffering" are you referring to, you doublespeaking coward? Your performance tonight was remarkable in its lack of integrity.
Two strong women and a war hero appear to be the only ones willing to listen to the voices of the people.
Learn something from @SenJohnMcCain
McCain is a HERO
You've used your career as an elected US official to disrespect our constitutional process & defend a bill that would hurt millions of us.
Your behavior was disgraceful tonight. Why would u want to take away healthcare for millions w/o a better plan? Retire please!
Work with Democrats and see what happens you fool.
Accepting anything but the best for all and I mean all Americans is what you should want!!
Tell that to @SenJohnMcCain. For decades he's undermined conservative principles and now actively resists @POTUS agenda. #TermLimits
Stripping 16M of health care&raising premiums by 20% per yr is far,far,far worse. You had 7 years & a death bill was the best you could do.
How about you work on making it BETTER, rather than stripping healthcare from millions?
Sorry, Slick.
Do youcare about folks you represent, or the taxes medical device makers must pay?
NO
IF YOU KILL MEDICAID MILLIONS OF US WILL SUFFER
#SkinnyRepeal
Your prostate is going to fall out.
They are suffering only because GOP held states refused to implement the ACA. America is not fooled by your tactics.
shame on you!
There is another way: You can work with Dems and make it better!
#CountryBeforeParty #VoteHimOut #VoteThemAllOut #RiseUpForOurDemocracy #NoRepeal
It does not matter who is in majority or minority. A bipartisan, joint effort to provide insurance for every person will be rewarded greatly
the people of the great state of Wyoming know better though. Single payer is healthcare for every single American, coast to coast, period!
Who is suffering under the ACA?? My family is not!
Passing this is shameful. Deep down you know it's garbage that you're kicking the can down the road. Vote no #skinnybill
senator enzi on floor tonight was perhaps the most tired, boring, bunch of nonsense I have ever heard - nothing skinny or helpful bout him!
So you want to make them suffer more under this bill?
@SenatorEnzi 
You make a mockery of the United States Senate. SHAME ON YOU!
Democracy, open and civilized debate, wanting to help sick children - these are foreign concepts to you, Mikey, aren't they?
I agree. Doing nothing is dangerous. So is taking healthcare aware from millions. Let's FIX it. PLEASE. We need 2 work together #SenMcCain
SHAME on you & your despicable actions to block a process very important to millions of Americans & you proved you don't give a damn. SHAME
You could work with Dems to fix ACA. You are morally bankrupt. Your grandchildren will understand how your vote caused Americans to die.
UNDEMOCRATIC process.  Vast majority of Americans want bipartisan improvement of ACA, not destruction of healthcare.
Really? Suffering? You are voting in the biggest death panel to kick more people off healthcare- great job *sshole!
What you're doing right now is shameful.
I don't know who told you that millions were suffering but I'm sure that isn't true.
This is the Republicans population control bill.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/25/opinion/republicans-obamacare-aca.html … LIAR!!
If you pass this bill you will have to answer to the American people.
Go back to fly fishing.
You should be ashamed of your behavior today!
LIAR
can I have your insurance plan then please?
Oh we are suffering with all that affordable health insurance. It's awful to have basic health care covered.
#Sauron #Trump's #DarkSide = #Wyoming's #MikeEnzi who cares not about #HumanLife or #HumanBeings 

#DarkEvil #Tainted #TrumpTower #TrumpGolf
You are shameless. As the song goes, "you're a mean one, Mr. Grinch, you really are a heel."
My only joy right now is knowing how much closer to a natural death you are than most of us, Mike. Old man, weak mind. Etc
They would SUFFER MORE under the DISASTROUS BILL ur proposing! GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD! We the people will remember in 2018 #deathcare
VOTE NO SEN. ENZI!
We deserve answers
How do you say this knowing people are going to suffer when you take away their medical care? #Heartless #liar
Millions more will suffer because of you.
You, sir, are a brazen liar. The cowardice you display as you willingly, coldheartedly, & purposefully abandon American people is repulsive.

Best idea yet is for you and your fellow Senators to stop accepting healthcare we pay for and join the rest of us in whatever you propose!

Just change the name from Obamacare to Affordable Care Act.  We know it's all about the black guy with you people.
Repeal and replace. Give choice back to the people.
Much better idea to deprive 20M of healthcare? Oh please.
Millions are not "suffering" under the #ACA but they will be if you and your conscienceless party have your way.
Millions of Americans are insured under Obamacare. You're voting to make it worse & make millions suffer. We ALL see that. History sees it.
You should be embarrassed.  You just did what the pilots in 9/11 couldn't do.
Wrong. Destroying life for your grandchildren who you do not love.
You are an evil man. May God have mercy on your soul.
Do you really believe that the chaos in the GOP won't destabilize the insurance market in this country? All for tax breaks to donors?

Please have a stroke tonight old man so no ever has to hear you speak again.
No one is suffering. You are a liar and a fraud. What a coward to deny the DEMS the right to speak while you spew falsities out of your face
I'm so ashamed that you are from the state in which I live.
THE PEOPLE DON'T WANT THIS. YOU ARE NOT ACTING AS THE PUBLIC SERVANT YOU WERE ELECTED YO BE.  SHAME ON YOU FOR NOT ALLOWING MCCASKILL'S ASK.
So you pull 16 million people off? This will be your legacy, you're the one who put money over American lives.
You're a tyrant and a traitor.  You're actively working to destroy the republic through democratic backsliding.
Repair ACA!
Stop taking away insurance and try giving it to everyone in a single payer system
you want to kick 16 million people off healthcare????? disgusting. stop your stubborn ridiculousness and work together. make a plan for all.
Then vote no, and ask the house to send you something that wasn't thrown together in the 11th hour.
Why you fuckin' lying?
Sir, I've never suffered under ACA. I'm terrified of what will happen if this is repealed w/no replacement. U R potentially killing my child
With all of the protests against #trumpcare and #skinnybill You are following your own agenda by repealing #ACA you are #shameful
Your faux indigence on the floor was nauseating. We DO REMEMBER U HAD 7 YEARS TO DO BETTER AND DIDN'T. U SABOTAGED INSTEAD
You have forsaken the American people. You have shown you are incapable of doing your job. YOU are unacceptable.
Don't repeal it? FIX IT!
You LIED for 8 years about Obamacare.  Now you are jeopardizing the lives of millions in a completely obscene breach of duty.
murdering sycophant
#singlepayer is only solution, not murdering the poor and raising rates on the middle class.
then  work to fix what's wrong not go back to something WORSE
Enzi is a piece of  that old timers vote in ea yr...this asshole needs to go! I vote against him & Barrasshole every yr!
I think this is a question most folks are asking.
What the hell is Mike Enzi talking about?
Your behavior tonight is a dark spot on America. People will die because of your poor leadership & irresponsibility. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/07/27/health/obamacare-repeal-healthcare-anxiety.html?partner=rss&emc=rss&smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur&_r=0&referer=https://t.co/lw0vUZVbyK?amp=1 …
Proud Wyoming?
What the hell is Mike Enzi talking about?
What the hell are you talking bout?   Wrong, liar, gross.   I can't with you.
https://berniesanders.com/issues/medicare-for-all/ …
You want to talk suffering, while stripping millions from their healthcare? How do you even look yourself in the mirror?
So you're going to vote for a bill that raises premiums 20% and leaves 16 million uninsured. Brilliant!!!
why are you afraid of questions about the crappy legislation you're trying to ram through. You UnAmerican sociopath
No one is suffering under the ACA- call it by its legitimate name and stop pandering to your racist constituents! #NoRepeal #NoTrumpcare
that's why you're stealing #healthcare from millions of #Americans for taxcuts for rich people. #shameonyou #cruel #unamerican
It's would be so poetically justified for this lard to drop dead at the podium #fatbastard
You're killing us, Enzi

You Are Literally Killing Americans.
