@realDonaldTrump He seems to have his head screwed on right. It will be funny when he SUBPOENAS you for treason! #ImpeachTrump
Since you have no credibility nobody cares what you think. #impeachtrumpnow #deflectanddivert #lieanddeny #trumprussia
NO appointment should be confirmed until the Russian investigation is completed. We don't want a commie in the #SCOTUS @funder
lying little comrade donnie 45. horrible cheetos, terribly sadly. tax returns = treason... go directly to jail.
praying that his confirmation goes well....we need him on the supreme court to MAGA
I must disagree with you. Not the right choice for the future.
FAKE NEWS! We want @JudgeJudy please turkey neck #gobblegobble
YES a perfect example for Supreme Court Judge!!!
Yes Mr. President. Beware, Republicans, Dems and career bureaucrats are trying two undermine you and destroy your presidency.
Brilliant mind like the guy who just got fired at fox news?
I would prefer someone who would adhere to the 14th amendment and not grant rights to paper based legal constructs
Absolutely.
go and do some work.
Screw the left. He is a Constitutionalist and should be at SCOUTS no matter what the Dumbocrats say.
Let's talk about your rock bottom poll numbers instead. Oh, and Russia.
#trump U suck & have tiny hands
Spouting more #Alternativefacts I see...
while you and your team are under CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION, nothing/nobody in your agenda should be passed/confirmed. NOTHING.
THE RULE OF LAW! FOR LIBERAL SCOTUS THIS IS AN INSULT. THOSE JUDGES WHO LEGISLATE FROM THEIR SHITTY BENCH ARE PUPPETS! LEARN!
Unfortunately, you don't hold those qualities yourself.
But... you're openly opposed to all of those things.
LYIN TRUMP wouldn't know the difference between a Biblical verse and a constitutional paragraph. 
A complete nitwit.
.....too bad he can't impeach you since he is so wonderful
So the kind of #POTUS we don't need tweeted this. Just made up my mind on Gorsuch. #resist
Mr. TRUMP MAY I REMIND YOU THAT YOU ARE POTUS OF THIS BEAUTIFUL LAND AND THAT YOU MOST LIVE BY THE CONSTITUTIONAL PRINCIPLES! 
@realDonaldTrump can you wven recognize a brilliant mind?
potus avoided talking about ongoing investigation into Russia connection.  VERY WISE AS TALKING ABOUT IT DIGS THE HOLE DEEPER.
Seems like he'll see through you
All you do is lie, lie, lie, lie, lie
were sure he's just as brilliant as you, we could all be so lucky. Time to seize and assist you can't be in charge, if your a traitor
No man is a island, God is in control not man
- You picked him, so he's definitely tainted.
The other day you endorsed another legal scholar Fox news Judge Napolitano. This endorsement will go the same way as Napolitano's
How would you even be able to recognize a brilliant legal mind? If he agrees w/you?
Mr. President, The Far Left Libs & the Fake News media are besides themselves..Can't accept a Judge that will follow Constitution !
You've been found out as the ultimate huckster and fraud. Shame on you!
If I was Trump...Every time they shot-down a SC nominee, I would put someone more conservative up. I bet they push through fast then.
Nope.

why is it we always see a common denominator with these trolls?
Yeah, not so much. #GorsuchHearing #TheResistance #TuesdayMotivation
#GorsuchHearing 
#TheResistance 
#TuesdayMotivation
#GorsuchHearing 
#TheResistance 
#TuesdayMotivation
No one puts it past you to start a war with N Korea to distract from #TrumpRussia
#GorsuchHearing 
#TheResistance 
#TuesdayMotivation
#GorsuchHearing 
#TheResistance 
#TuesdayMotivation
#TrumpRussia
FilibusterGorsuch
You haven't even heard his testimony! BS! He ruled in favor of many women over corporations! Read it!
This should be Merrick Garland's confirmation hearing.  Instead @SenateMajLdr stole from @POTUS44
He is an honorable man nomatter what those left wing liberals throw at him. He will be confirmed. #GorsuchHearing  #SCOTUS #MAGA
it's harder for a camel to fit through  the eyes of a needle  than it is for a rich man to enter the kingdom  of heaven.
Liberals will have a lot of explaining to do. It is not a sin to be rich. God Blesses hard work. Couch potatoes never.
if your dad gave you millions of dollars you too could be successful
My dad was a WWll Veteran who died when I was 16.He taught me what a Patriot is and to stand up for myself
he's clearly lost his whatsie
The so-called @POTUS is live-tweeting the #GorsuchHearing. What a horse's ass.
he's not a so-called POTUS Mr. Guterman.... He is the @POTUS  of America... When you get over it???
oh thanks for your advice.. Once again proving my point by the left, that if you don't agree w/them they'll shut you down. 
I've seen terrorists face2face so believe me your insult means nothing to me. I guess your auto correct is always on point. G-JOB
nope... it means your insults mean nothing to me..
@GorsuchFacts So who, other than the prison industry, is "represented" by the drug war? How stupid, deluded, and evil are you?
Tweet if Trump fires spicer I am off the Trump support system done finished goodbye
Pray for Gorsuch so that he will never sell out the American CONSTITUTION for Filthy Lucre. Pray will protect Him.
A brilliant mind is something you sadly lack.
Wondering if you ever tweeted this BS to Obama when he was gallivanting to Hawaii?
 make 'merica WEAK again
'sup potus.  How bout u n me go for a drive in a big TANK. !!!  Wow.. a TANK !!  Wud u like that, potus ??
  impeach potus b4 too late. He is a criminal. 
'trust u' ?  er.. birthergate ? lock up hillary ?  in ur dreams pal
well i'm a citizen trump & ur not
dear trump  -exhausted from all the winning  -i need a break
criminal.   white.    house
so  much  winning !!!
Please just go away.
they trashed Bork.   We had best not miss this man.   Clear clean law
MINDLESS KNUCKLEHEADS RUNNING OUR NATION AND MAKING IMPORTANT DECISIONS WITH THEIR GONADS,
AGREE.Need the obstructionists on the left to stop their games so "WE THE PEOPLE & POTUS " can MAGA.
from the man who does not believe in the constitution.
He will administer the law: but without common sense, justice or compassion.
And your money in his pocket!
The hearings pointed out some Dem weak spots, like Franken. What a dolt! And, of course, Feinstein, McCain.
SCOTUS Judge Gorsuch will go down in history as one of the greatest. @realDonaldTrump
like you know what a Constitutional principle is.
Sadly, snowflakes don't have a clue about the Constitution.
FBI investigation for colluding with enemy to steal election! Lost popular vote by 3M! No reason to consider G for LIFETIME position.
What happened with the German Chancellor though?  Why were you sulking? Why wouldn't you shake her hand? Was she mean to you?
@GOP 
Outstanding individual with lots of character and a STRONG constitutional backbone..
Plus, he has a HEART..
boy alot of losers troll the greatest president this country ever saw lolol losers bot POTUS was right love winning can't get enough

Trump said (about Clinton) that a president under investigation can't "govern or lead"

Let's hold him to his words.
…
excellent choice.
If @POTUS likes something then it is bad for the American people. Who ever believes a serial liar aids and abets corruption. #Trumprussia
Basically Gorsuch is the opposite of someone like you. He is a legal mind and you're a mindless Twitter twit. #MRGA Comrade Trump ski
We always know when the words are not yours, (Kellyann Conway's words) because your vocabulary is very limited.
well, considering I don't trust ANYTHING you say, I will wait till I learn more about him.
Women are still fighting for say on thier bodies in the USA in 2017. Why?
so was Merrill Garland..!
MAGA
he believes we are living in a world that is 200 years ago
U TALKED ABOUT OBAMA'S VACATIONS! U HAVE ALREADY SPENT MORE THAN HE HAD IN 8 YRS! U R AN ABUSER OF POWER!
Trumpests dont you know that there are only 4 priests in this country who can perform an Exorcism. Better call em all for Trump.
I agree wholeheartedly @POTUS.  Let's hope there's another judge ( liberal  ) that needs to be replaced this year.
Is he a Christian?  I don't mean religious
Well done Sir
Should be Merrick Garland. @POTUS
I know this is a staffer tweeting this. Too many multisyllabic words and not enough batshit craziness.
Yes Judge Gorsuch. Thank you POTUS TRUMP 
a man of excellent character and impeccable integrity
Dems so SAD!   They are still disappointed they got Mericked.  They should do what I tell them, and what Putin tells me!
Maybe he should be President cause you have neither.
Fake news.
I wish you cared about our constitution...
.@POTUS @tedcruz He is not a good choice at all.  Merrick Garland: Yall blocked him bcse of campaigning going on. UM Trump is campaigning...
"Brilliant legal mind". You mean like Judge Napolitano? Lol.
you're vouching for his character and brilliant mind? That's a big HELL NO! #NoGorsuch
like separation of powers and ethics? Things you lack. #fakepresident #TrumpTheTraitor
The disaster care known as TRUMPCARE will definitely collapse come Thursday:03/23/17#Trumpcare/Ryancare collapse.
@realDonaldTrump And hopefully he will be instrumental in any future impeachment proceedings, based on fact, not 'trumped-up' fiction
someone you can push around the law
@surfermom77 So much more qualified then, the last two political clowns, put in office, by Obama.
No Merrill Garland is the best choice for the Supreme Court.  GOP stole President Obama's Supreme Court nomination.  #dumptrump
Garland is better.
My thoughts and prayers are with Judge Gorsuch.The dems are showing their lack of intelligence .
Absolutely!
until he disagrees with you. Then you'll discard him too. That's what user losers do.
If only he could have your job.
I hope his mind is more brilliant than Judge Napolitano, your Fox "News" source.
His record shows that he supports big business over the little guy.  This will FUCK up the country for decades to come unfortunately
a brain is what you lack my dear
. @POTUS the constitution provides for the general welfare of the public but you don't care about that, do you?
No on Gorsuch. Just wrote to my Senator! #trump #Loser
Start appealing the travel bans! LOL!
You wouldn't know a brilliant mind.
the problem is that I don't believe a word coming out of your mouth. Do you know the story of peter and the wolf? Great read!
yrs judges need to follow laws not make laws like crazy west coast judges did president make laws judges supposed to follow law dumb
your last "brilliant legal mind" just got fired from Fox for feeding you bullshit that you ran with...
@SaysMissy ABSOLUTELY
who wrote that? No misspellings, inappropriate all caps, rational stmt-  who took your twitter?
that was supposed to be obamas pic. Not yours.
Wrong again Liar in Chief! Merrick Garland is who we need while your corruption is investigated.
we need a president who isn't a scared to tell the states to run them selves
And a ton of heart during hostile questioning! 
Even the sitting right-winers on the court know he's a POS. If he wasn't, you wouldn't have picked him! #BirdsOfAFeather
Decision against truck driver that got fired choosing not to freeze to death or tow unsafe load-Terrible Decision
kind of like the fox news legal analyst that was fired! STUPID!
& seems to B VERYconcerned w/ being politically correct. SUCH an important quality 4a conservative Constitutionalist judge
you also said your source at Fox was a brilliant legal mind, so your credibility on this is pretty low
you wouldn't know Constitutional principles if they bit you on the ass
Sadly, neither a brilliant mind nor a commitment to constitutional principles are associated with you. Resign and be appreciated.
Gorsuch works against women and workers. Just what 45 needs. 
#treason
#impeach
@dawg_lb right he will help protect America!!
Here, here!
If you think he's good, he must be a fucking nightmare.
ha ha ha! "Commitment to constitutional principles"  You crack me up with your hypocrisy! Is this a troll account?
awww!! If he s like you for sure USA will be down faster!!!
Merrick Garland should be in that seat. Payback's a bitch for repubwhigs! Dump Trump & Gorsuch!
Merrick Garland first.
@tedcruz these confirmation hearings are a waste of time and money no point in fighting with obstructionist just Nukem
Gorsuch is for Stare Decisis, would walk out on Roe question and for fake rights Scalia ripped Kennedy. Let Dems fillibuster
I'm impressed with him so far
DAYS WITHOUT A TRUMP LIE --- STILL ZERO
#FakePOTUS #traitor #Treason you have no right to appoint, we need an independent prosecutor to investigate your treason
He surely is!! Will be a great Supreme Court Judge!!
HOW would YOU know what principles are???

Since Communist/Dems hate the constitution of the U.S.A. they can't take it.
#Maga he's a good man, Dems should be working together for the American people 
Confirmed 10 years w/ perfect record & now Dems need thorough investigaion? 10 yr long term politicians need update validations too!
Principles, something you know nothing about.
You mean one of your puppet,disregarding women & gay rights,gun creaziness,& living in old age  contitution!
you wouldn't know anything about the constitution...stop trying to act smart...it's pitiful.
I don't think so. Senator Franken really exposed Gorsuch on that truck case. Made him look like a fool.
stay in there mr president
Maybe He Should've Ran for President
@bertadesherlia @JuanAcosta44 No doubt he will be confirmed! America needs him!
He's not good.  Doesn't support women's rights.
anyone associated with you is tainted by your corruption
NEVER Forget-BENGHAZI-&Dem Staffer Seth Rich-27 shot in back~On His way2Meet FBI 2 Discuss Election Fraud7/10/16' May JUSTICE Prevail

Health care bill needs work. Get this thing right!  Postpone vote till you do.
we need brilliant legal minds like Gorsuch to counter the tiny minded, diversity appointed obama plants
Yes!
Republicans have shown they only care about the constitution if it suits their goals. No nominations allowed for this admin!
