What's there to study? 
Anyone willing to risk their life for their country should be encouraged and applauded. This shouldn't even b issue!
Well said!
It's infuriating that America is so stupid n close minded that we have to waste time/ tax $$ even talking about it. Let PEOPLE serve! JFC
When did you serve?
It's not about whether one has served or not, it's about ones RIGHT to serve.
Serving the country isn't a right. It's a God damn privilege, buddy. 
Although I'm sure you wouldn't know.
thank you for THIS important work-
re healthcare- 
@dougducey is WRONG! Do NOT align with him!
@dougducey partisan, UNpatriotic pandering to "donor class"  unconscionable!

American Citizens deserve healthcare=EVERY OTHER dvlpd NATION
@persisting2017 @dougducey
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
If anyone is willing and able to serve they should be able to! Enough said!
You should learn how the military works and about having worldwide deployable status!
You probably served beside a trans and didn't know it! 18 countries let trans serve. Why shouldn't the USA?
Thank you. I’m horrified that the President of the United States has so little regard for those who serve in our military.
Good job Mr McCain!  Now lead your party to impeach Trump asap....You'll be a double Hero
Impeach for what? There's nothing there. Please get a clue!
Surely you jest! Trump couldn't get any money from banks in USA so he went to Russian Banks. Then elected, Trump sold USA to Russia.
And your proof is.... NOTHING.
I agree with you Senator John McCain
Why just protect Transgendered Troops, why not protect us all by repealing Obamacare?
Will you put them on ObamaCare?
You should switch parties
Mr. McCain, how in good conscience can you support this bill to take away our Healthcare. You were the hero before.#SaveACA #savemedicaid
Now it sounds more like you are cozying up to your friends& letting them decide for you whether the bill is good or instead of for yourself
As a tax payer it infuriates me to know that 1,000's under Obamas administration enlisted to get free sex change. That's the real reason
Yeah but he was good enough to hit Hillary in the back entering her plane lol..
Bull sh-t you are out of touch with reality
Cost is too high  no VA  benefits and no paid time off work for Transgender issues and medical issues.
What about American Small business owners are we just a pot for you to pick PASS CASSIDY/Graham help hard working Americans
You truly are a hero
Transgenders require constant hormone treatment that isn't compatible w/ being combat ready & able to serve when deployed into combat zones
I don't think anyone cares if they serve, just don' want tax dollars paying for sex-change operations when we need weapons
1our tax dollars pay for these other services: artificial insemination, bariatric surgery, abortion, botox, veneers, surrogacy, sterilzation
I think if we start picking and choosing it becomes a slippery slope. Let them serve and give them the medical care they need and deserve.
NEED is the operative word.
I dont think it's our place to determine what someone else needs medically, especially if they are willing to die for our flag.
Well, this is America & everyone is entitled to their own opinion., but not entitled to my hard-earned $$
I dont believe i said you couldn't have an opinion. Just that it isn't our place to decide.
Sure it is. If it's your money, you should decide how it's spent. Not Big Brother. And it is our money...
Transgender do not belong in military.
Get them out!
Vote NO on Graham Cassidy HC (doesn't include HC) bill... PLEASE!!!
Bipartisan? You mean you and Soros?
You're determined to undermine POTUS as much as possible before you drop.Can't believe I voted for U....didn't exactly have much choice tho.
Love all these tweets you get from your fans on the left. They love you. Now, you just need to get honest & come out of the closet as a DEM.
Thank you McCain for being one of the only R's who actually cares about the people
If they want to volunteer for the military then they should after they have their operations!
Thank you for your commitment and sacrifice
To differ
The concern raised is not a major issue now, but does distract from them
NOKO is them
We will never forget that you voted against healthcare all the while shoving faithless confused transgenders down the military's throat.
No insurers in Knoxville TN exchange for 2018. That thumb down on healthcare vote may kill my husband and will cause us to suffer greatly.
Thank you! Now please help protect all of us by voting once again against irresponsible healthcare bill.
Thank you Senator McCain for being presidential in the absence of a true leader.
Wish you would support our President  on this matter
I'm from Arizona , please represent us
Rino
Resign !!
Support our President!!!  Traitor
Thank you. And there's already a study being completed via the Dept of Defense (well before this cruel reckless recent order), correct?
Thanks
Awesome. Now please keep your word on Obamacare Repeal.
Johnie here u go again waiting time introduce a valid bill to take American people forward or step down
Your father would be so proud of you, Not. Maybe your money can go towards gender reassignment surgery. I know I shouldn't have to pay
Not in the interest of combat power, just social engineering. Thanks for nothing.
TY, patriot. NOW we need ur NO on ACA repeal. It is HORRIFIC.
Thank you sir for looking out for our transgender brothers and sisters in our most darkest times.
This is a very good thing, but are you going to ruin your best moment ever by voting on this HORRIBLE NEW HEALTH CARE BILL#Noobamacarerepeal
Thx for following the lead of Sen. Gillibrand in introducing with her bipartisan bill 2 protect transgender military members from dismissal.
Thank you. This is insane
Transgenders need mental health not paid for sex changes. #recallmcain
Such a b.s. bill the military doesn't conform to you you confirm 2 it. The people serving don't want the social experiment. #recallmccain
Thank you, Senator McCain!
Thank you for protecting our transgendered members of the armed forces. Trumps racism knows no bounds.
The entire force will spend countless hours in classroom learning about what pronoun to call a transgender. Just makes us weaker
You are on wrong side of this just as you were on Obama Care! Time to do the right thing not the John McCain thing stop letting us down!
Don't worry about it your wife is going to retire soon. Nobody will know your secret
@maggieNYT how about supporting bipartisan fix to ACA?
@maggieNYT you're a good egg
Good for you. Now get to work killing that Graham-Cassidy monstrosity.
I hope it gets filibustered.
Oppose repeal of ACA
How does Collins and you introducing legislation with Gillibrand and Reed make it bipartisan? !?
Why don't you respect the wishes of the current military??  No!!
@LdeRothschild No amount of propaganda will ever make you a war hero. We know.
My tax dollars should NOT pay for transitions. Your talking hundreds of thousands of dollars. Already transitioned, ok.
Senile
I voted for you once, and will never again. You are by far the biggest hypocrite and liar ever elected to office. Please go away already.
Of course a Rothschild would love this. 
Thank you for protecting our transgender troops! 
Thank you! (Though study not really needed).
Ok but it shouldn't be necessary.
Thank you - now please protect vulnerable children, adults, children that need healthcare - demand a bipartisan package like u did with this
Thank you for having the courage to do the right thing. Continue to set example so  others can follow & can realize  that standards exist.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Wow it must be great having all these positive tweets.

You ROCK!  Thank you! Prayers and love coming your way.
Agree. But how about the DACA young people who have applied but now have been denied AND face deportation? Please protect them as well.
Keep up your good work
Thank you! A draft dodger such as @realDonaldTrump is not qualified to speak on this topic. I appreciate your service.
How can anyone that is on medication for any illness be medically ready? I thought that is why other people willing to serve can't
Love you
Thank you so much!
How about a bipartisan healthcare bill
Support them serving but surgery is their responsibility
Yeah, don't worry about taxes. You've got lots of time.
There you go again! You are not President, McCain, allow President Trump to run our country! Sick of your Liberal obstruction!
Well done, @SenJohnMcCain  now go for a twofer and vote no on #GrahamCassidy
Sen McCain you're growing on me  & hope your doing well health wise
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Why a study? If someone is healthy and willing to serve, by all means let them
Speaking of bills, #Obamacare repeal is dumb, dumb, dumb! And give those #DACA kids citizenship.
Graham may be ur friend , but his healthcare bill is horrid . Please don't vote for it.
Thank you
Why don't u vote no on Graham-Cassidy repeal of ACA while ur in good guy mode? Bc it's just as horrifying for Amer as the 1 u voted no on b4
That's wonderful. Hope you vote down the Graham-Cassidy Nightmare ACA repeal. Worst than both House & Senate versions. #Inhumane #VoteNo
Thanks
How many enlistees turned away for bad eyes that DOD could surgically improve? Yet you look for penis envy & vagina wishful? WTF
Thank you.
Thank you sir
Repeal Obamacare Or flush your head in the toilet!
Thank you Senator! Hope you're feeling good!!!!
What's to study?
The way our government should work
Thanks for doing the right thing! Please also give a thumbs down to latest undemocratic attempt to take health care away
God bless you, Senator McCain
Be nice if ALL troops/Veterans/supporting families DOCUMENTABLY given the VERY best LIFECARE options ALL the TIME.
Ah! and there's the rub:  "study on future recruitment." And here I thought you were taking a righteous stand.  There's no need for a study!
Please intro a bill to protect DREAMers. They deserve our support and protection.
Gillibrand endorses Linda Sarsour. You co-author with Gillibrand.
Miss you John McCain. And I'm really angry about the way 45 treats you. Get better soon. We need you.
Thank you!
Thank you sir, for your service, now more than ever!
Anyway the globalist-wind blows
Resign Retire whatever it takes to keep you home. You did not win the election.
Sticking up for transgenders won't help your lesbian daughter
The majority of your taxpayers(boss) know these people are mentally unfit. Were is your morality, you sound like a left wing liberal.
You are willing to impose these sick views on other soldier's, making them  shower and bunk with the opposite sex. Taking their rights away
We refuse to pay tax's so mentally ill people can get free sex change surgery and hormones. You represent the tax payers rights.
It's the medical and surgical costs John, like any other medical disqualification from service.
Transgender is mental illness. These people have life long mental problems and should not put other soldiers at risk. Do you have any morals
Retire!
Bipartisan is such a wonderful word. Sadly its one that isn't used very often.
pls support the 1971 ban on slaughter of the American wild horses.Pls allow horses to live they R our American history 
Taxpayers don't want to pay millions so these people can get free sex changes and life long hormones. Are you thinking straight?
U r finished old man. It's out now giving false info to Comey. Now we should see high treason on you and your consequences.
This is just John McCain polishing his 'legacy' with more undercutting of GOP mission. Where are the McCain 'Make America Weak Again' hats?
Transgenders are too unstable and too emotional to serve in the military; that's why we got traitor Bradley Manning. #WeGotThis
THANK YOU!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
I know that you love our country. DT is dangerously incompetent & unfit for office. Please put our country first & call on DT to resign.
Sick - military is to win wars and not be sexually distracted in training or in battle. 
What happened to your mettle? @SenateGOP 
#CCOT
He is a sell out. Plain and simple!
Who cares what gender you are?  I just do not want the military to PAY for sex change ops or "mental health" needs that may arise.
Thanks

What a damn waste of time. Transgenders and Gillibrand. Quite the time. You are no maverick. You are a disruptor.
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy, Senator.  This is not regular order.
If you could just apologize for inflicting Palin on us, that would be nice, since she paved the way  for @realDonaldTrump's fake presidency
Senator: please urge Congress to #impeachtrump he is a danger to the country we 
Someone in politics that still believes in the constitution, TY senator
Bless you for your humanity and understanding. #nottrump #realsenator
Thank you
Traitor

You are a good man John.We need more combat vets in congress
THANK U SIR, ALL THIS HATRED HAS TO GO AWAY, DT IS RUINING RELATIONS WITHIN THIS COUNTRY AND WITH ALLIES!
I think ur  depends are on way to tight you anti American zero! A hero not! Only a wussy paying back American for being caught
Thank you Senator for continuing to support the American Dream!
It's past time for you to go away. You are bad for Arizona and all the American people. U R why there should be no career politicians!!
All military "Persons" "K9s" "Marine animals" that are and have always been are a Study in Motion. Streamline all "Procedure Processes"
#TermLimits now
protect the country or the soldiers that defend it instead.  #stopthesocialiststupidity.  your getting soldiers killed with this bs
increasing pay or better quality armor that saves solider lives...Nahh Im @SenJohnMcCain lets continue social experiments that do nothing to
How many soldiers today are fighting on the front lines without the best quality armor available?  Oh wait....We could spend that money on
keep them around.  How dumb do you have to be to try and justify that? How many soldiers right now are paid at or below the poverty level.
Your a joke.  Trans soldiers add nothing to the national defense of this country and you want to try and pay more money for a study to try &
John, how long do you think until the rest of the world will stop laughing at your Pres and start ignoring the US?? Who will step up?
you know it and I know it, Trump is destroying not only your country, but democracy PLUS Allied relationships - he is tainting US standing
Why don't you just run as a democrat? You might as well.
you are freak, just like them
That's great, but I thought it was studied before it was allowed....
How did they manage to serve before a DOD study? Don't bother.
glad this is happening, hope it passes quickly so transgender troops won't have to be in limbo.
The Vietnamese Military claim that you readily gave information in regard to US plans during the invasion of Vietnam. Are you a Traitor?
Once again, you show all that you are a liberal and the DOD is your plaything. Resign. You are a national embarrassment.
Dude, you are, in my mind a traitor to the republican party and the American people. Make us suffer more with Obamacare.
But you can't support repealing Obamacare? #clown
Super. Continue to make America Great by voting no on zombie o'care repeal
So you can be banned from the military for flat feet, diabetes, etc., but not for a mental illness.
THANK YOU!!!
Tell the voters why u won't #Defundpp
This is what you choose to look at with all that's going on still with vets etc and you waste time on this?  Time for you to go
Thank God for you. #JohnMccain
John try and do just one useful thing Like support your president
This country has no president, just an idiot in chief!
Wish I could this many times !
Mr McCain,points for Trump=points against USA!!(forget partys).
