Go visit the wall, your trechery put some of them there
Not necessary. Also "treachery"
Just quietly go AWAY!
IS IT YOU THAT THINKS THAT A HERO THAT IS CAPATURED IS NOT A HERO AT ALL! JUST THE OPPOSITE IS TRUE IN SPADES!
From traitor to hero( presidential pardon)and eventually back to bitter loser&Party  traitor
please save us again from the new healthcare bill.
You must be a mooch ... my kids can't afford healthcare now the prem. so high
Thank you, Senator McCain. I hope you're feeling better every day. 
Your father would not have thanked a traitor and a liar!
You dishonor the Navy by not repealing Obamacare as promised.
Nice pic & gotta compliment your sons Indian shirt. That's a Pretty dang cool screenprint!
Or maybe that is just your ignorance showing.
MomsLoveTrump moniker was the first clue!
 And who would've thought, with all the corruption, Facebook would be his downfall? #ItsHappening
U are a sorry piece of http://shit.You  kill men on your  ship b/c of ur stupidity.Ur buddies suffered torture in nam cause of U
visit the retirement line Mr Lyin "No Vote"! You are a traitor to your constituents, our President, and to America! @realDonaldTrump
Time to retire... you're as bad as Dumbocrats... just another obstructionist... a RINO...GO NOW...PLEASE!
Scumbag and traitor and liar john mccain. No morals, no integrity, no care for the american people or our President!
You are a true hero John your son's have to be so proud of you and how strong a man it takes to do the right thing, God bless you all
You should be ashamed to visit any of them...
John McCain - You are a great man.
This is great but you know what's greater? Healthcare for all!! Cassidy-graham is a nightmare and everyone but the Rs know it. Vote no.
Sen. J. McCain, u are truly blessed w your sons will carry on your legacy in family.  God bless
Do the right thing & vote no on the GC hcare plan. You, of all people, should know how critical it is that citizens have coverage. Vote no.
I often reflect on your family's service and heroism when I pass the exit to Camp McCain in MS.  Thank you for your service and integrity.
STOP continuing to BLOCK the will of the American people! Your latest legislative attempt is proof that you are NOT on our side!
we should take theirs and your money to pay for the Healthcare of Americans you just screwed
I'm not Native American but I can see where they may have a problem with that shirt.
Love you Sir! Stay strong
As a person w/a preexisting condition I beg u don't vote to eliminate healthcare coverage for us. I'll die without care. Please reconsider.
You should have passed healthcare reform instead.  #RINO #DrainTheSwamp
Triplets!
Considering the treasonous traitor you are and criminal, don't you think resigning would put America in a safer place?
Tear it down. I'm sure someone is offended
Good luck, sir.  You are a great patriot.  You have two fine looking sons.  Bet you are proud of them.
#graham-Cassidy forgoes the #Kimmel test and has designed and presented us The Walking Dead test for #healthcare #TWD
Love that picture, Senator McCain.  Take good care of yourself, you are a National treasure 
#GoNavy #veteran #SOT

Wait:
Graham/Cassidy gives insurance companies the right to raise your premiums the minute you get sick?
If so, monstrous. https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/909082137311285248 …
Try counting the number of lives lost because of your actions and inaction !
Praying for your health
Once again sir, Thank you for your service to our great nation! May you have many wonderful years to come!
Compare the senator's sons to Trump's disgusting kids #maga
They are lucky, they have real Dad.
Very handsome sons, they look like their dad. :)
Thank you to brothers & sisters in arms. I'm grateful for your service, sacrifice, & bravery.
Your a traitor and a turn coat! No respect for you from me.
Awesome
Memorial for the sailor's you killed.
I hope you beat the cancer.  I also hope that you don't screw over other veterans and cancer survivors by voting for Graham-Cassidy.
You're looking a lot thiner and weak. I hope it doesnt take you out. 
There I lied!!  Just like you and your Democrats party friends.
Your boys are lucky to have such a great father!
Hope you're feeling well Senator. Sending all good wishes your way.
oh two more worthless McCains
Nothing but personal respect for you, Period.  But I HAVE to say this:

"GO ARMY, BEAT NAVY!"
Glad you took a picture! That statue may be gone tomorrow
Thank you for your service!
Resign
Looking good, McCains! I'm sure these sons know how lucky they are to have you as a dad.Thank you for your lifelong service & your  for us
I do not always agree with you, Sen. McCain but I respect you. Believe you are an honorable man.
You did the RIGHT THING once on Heathcare Senator.  Please don't let us go backwards and leave millions of our citizens with nothing!! Thanx
RAT

Democrats will find a reason to tear it down.
#family
Just resign.
Go away Johnny. You've done enough damage
Carpe diem John @SenJohnMcCain , carpe diem.
Ya, can see how close you all are.  Have you depleted their inheritance paying blackmail, or did you just do it blocking the President?
Keep fighting Senator, we're all cheering for you.
Priceless moments. I lost my father a few years ago. Make as many memories as possible!

First American thing you've done in a very long time.
One last thing You are Our Navy as I proudly served!
I never had children how does it feel to see them born and now see them as adults! Must be kind of strange but a good strange just talking
Made both my father and I cry.  Thank you for your service.
Bet that was enjoyable
Beautiful picture and family. Stay strong!!!
I'll have the one on the left, please! 
This is a great statue.  The kind we need more of.
Thank you sir for many years of service.
Stay close senator looks like we're gonna need another save from you pls just give us single payer hc
Handsome young men....
TO JAIL TRAITOR HAD TO BE PARDONED BY NIXON
McCain you have 1 million Syrian & Iraq's blood on your hands, have mercy on your soul for getting weapons & profiting to terrorists. #Fraud
Good looking crew!!! Carry on!!!
Why is Jimmy the only member of your family without a Twitter handle ? What's wrong with him? ;-)
Hey McCain how about using your time to improve the Phoenix VA? After all you claim to be leader. Perhaps if YOU needed services here...
Why don't you visit a retirement home in Arizona
Did you go to the #JuggaloMarch ?
your boys look like you 

Nice!
Resign
I hope you're doing well Senator! Your sons truly take after you! Take Care! 
When do you find the time to actually work in senate on your real job?
There's your legacy . . .
I appreciate your service and pray for you!!  I don't like you politics though!!
Bet they have insurance unlike the people you let down by your RINO vote! SHAME!
I just love this guy
Looks like it was a wonderful day.
#McCainStrong
John, Thank you for writing the back page to my and my son, SSG Darrell Griffin, Jr's book, "Last Journey." I wish he knew you wrote it.
a very proud father.
Great looking kids.
HOW DID THOSE RIBS TURN OUT JOHN?
Look in' good!
You're looking good Senator! your sons too...
What a great picture of three handsome McCain men!! I think it's a wonderful thing to do for family time John!!
Good to see you doing great things with your family.  You rock.  Showing respect is in your DNA.
You are a wonderful role model. Stay strong!

Nice. Glad to see you out and about
They must be so ashamed that you have allowed yourself to be bought by corporate interests.  Sad.
Two very proud sons, and deservedly so. Please heal up fast.
Please kill the new ACA repeal. VOTE NO. #TheResistance
Yeah well, you caused some service members deaths during Vietnam so you should pay respect.
Thank you for your service Senator!
You're the best. Stay strong midshipman
Admire you so much, Senator Mc Cain. Best wishes to you.
Nice to see you looking so well Senator, Thank you for your service 
God Bless you and your family. Hope as well you continue to get better & better every day.
Handsome family!
Thank you for your service, both in the past and today.
Love to have a beer with that crew
An Senator. You look like your doing fantastic. Glad to see u looking so good.
So sad
Sen McCain.I'm a lawyer, a demo.I am glad u r in the US http://Senate.You  have integrity,character. U are 4 country and constitution!
Praying for you John McCain. You are a great and good man. Enjoy your day with your sons.
We love visiting this one with #HonorFlight veterans!
I didn't know you guys were Juggalos
Glad you're doing better senator and nothing compares to time spent with our children!!
VOTE FOR THE GRAHAM CASSIDY BILL AND STOP SCREWING OVER WE THE PEOPLE
Saw your plane on a visit to Great Lakes Naval Air Station, awesomeness
Traitor!
Handsome men #prouddad #proudboys #ProudAmericans
Get better, sir.
Have a beautiful wknd!!!
3 fine looking young men! 
Senator, both your sons are wearing Air Force gloves, you know.
Mini-me's.
Nice looking sons! Keep on keeping on Senator!
. Traitor Johnny, does those boys know the truth about you?
Nice looking family
So far...you've been good, compared 2 those cowards corrupt pro Israel n smelly Indian the congress. Theses bsrds led by SOB TedPOE n gangs
Hope nothing rubs off!
John McCain is not a patriot.
THANK ALL OF YOU FOR YOUR DEDICATED SERVICE!
We were there a few months ago and it was dry. Did they put water in it from the seven seas?
I'm just impressed (and unsurprised) that the Sen. still spit-shines his shoes. USNA must've drilled that one in.
Thank you for your service. My husband is a Navy veteran too.
Retire and spend more time with your family.
Gosh Senator you are such a good looking family.  Sending prayers for healing.  God is able!
Now there's a memorial.
If you retired, you could spend even more time with them, and you could make millions of Republicans very happy.  Please!
Thank you alll for your service.
GOD said 2nd commandment NO graven images, not to anything in HEAVEN or on earth or from seas or from air!! MEN will worship & PRAISE them!!
Prayers for your family
Gosh, Senator, I see three young men in your photo. You must be much better!
Thanks for your service all 3 of you! GO NAVY!!!!
A nice day for you all. Now, I know you want the best for this country but the Graham-Cassidy bill is NOT it. VOTE NO! #KILLTHEBILL
Money that should go to families goes to a memorial that sen. can visit with their non raped military children.
Please support single payer universal healthcare. Honor the whole of America. You can do it
Dead men tell no tales of rape & abuse leading to murder. $84 million in 2016 for military spent on viagra - zero for murdered soldiers.
That foto brings lust to my heart!
They look just like Trump's sons, abnormal and manic... just kidding. Well done sir, they must be very proud

Must be nice 2 spend time w/family, Bowe Bergdahl is being kept from his & punished 4 military ignoring policy against autistic enlistment.
Retire
SENATOR I'M SURE THEY TAKE AFTER YOU SIR !GOOD MEN!
My dad fought in Korea yet bc he isn't a sen his autistic granddaughter was forced to serve then raped, yet u are okay with this?
Happy to see you with your family, sir. Please stay with us, the world needs gentlemen like you to guide the US.
