Thank you for your service and sacrifice, Mr. McCain.
He was a traitor. Spend a moment researching him. He served himself and sold out other POWS!
McCain also deliberately "confessed" completely misleading & contradictory info. Stop spreading conspiracy theories
Maga troll..doesn't know truth if it smacked him upside head,  cult of trump, don't even care for mccain that much, but respect his service
Tell that to the families of the POWS he betrayed.The rest who didn't collaborate. Tell them how you still support him. Not me.
That's out right Larry post His Radio treason from YouTube on here if you got it
Nixon made a secret deal in order to win election 45's collusion was with our enemy who fueled the N V  #treasonx2
Lived through Vietnam Era. Husband Veteran, & we marched against the War. Looking forward to Burn's taking on subject. @KenBurns
We did too. Didn't believe in the war but we did believe in America. Husband enlisted. Best friend never spoke to him again.
Thank sir you for your service in the war.
He was a traitor. He had to be pardoned.
Song Bird! What would you know traitor? You sold out and had to be pardoned for your crimes. Go lay in the yard.
Some American politicians were the problem, as now.
Vietnam program and Sen. McCain completely ignore
 the Montagnards who lost 200000 casualties fighting with us,
Unbelievable!
Dear Mr. McCain - Please do not Vote "Yes"  on the New G-C bill.
Thank you, Senator. You give hope for Democracy. For Democracy, not becoming - Of the lobbies, For the lobbies  & By the Lobbies.
Sen McCain. Remember when you helped drop 100% physically wounded Vietnam #Vets from the 2010 Caregiver Stipend? I do.
IT DID NEITHER!
things I learned
1. JFK authorized napalm use-  WAR CRIMINAL!!  PRACTICALLY HITLER!!!
service to US...Please dont kill the ACA.. this is the lifeline to 22 million Americans !Vote NO..
Without a doubt.  Just watched  the interview you gave to the French reporter. Wishing you well.
How did you help the POWs and MIA agenda after the war?
You sir had more courage and duty for this nation in your little finger's nail that donald trump has had in 70 years.
Cassidy-Graham will do only one of those two, and it's not the one involving winning for the great majority of  your fellow Americans.
Ken Burns is a globalist like you McCain
The Vietnamese did not attack the USA and North Korea will be decimated if they do! Diplomats are working behind the scenes, while words fly
It will make most people sick and shows it was the Dems JFK and LBJ who escalated the tragedy of Viet Nam and Richard Nixon who ended it.
Wonder if this PBS Vietnam documentary will aggravate @realDonaldTrump 's bone spurs?
May exacerbate his PTBSD--post-trump bone spur dysfunction.
Cool. Must see but people plse watch “the Fog of War” by Errol Morris on this imperialist mindset. Briillant obvs!!!
You fail to learn from current events. Repeal Obamacare as you promised.
And yet the  @POTUS insulted your service Senator. What a disgrace to you and ALL the men who served in Vietnam!!!
The comment you refer to, I feel was a slap to the face of all men/ women who have served this country in any capacity. He mocked sacrifice.
I have been watched for the past few nights. It was really good but really heart breaking. I broke into tears.
Thank you John for your Military Service~bravery & all you have done for our Country!
Outstanding program!!
I don't support you and I don't read New York Times b*******
Was in Hanoi 2 weeks ago and saw your memorial statue - 50 years on
What happened to the massive propaganda of The Domino Theory, that if Vietnam fell so would all of SE Asia, world?
Establishment is still selling it to us, only it's called terrorism.
Burns, a true master of storytelling with  facts! In tears, we are viewing this PBS special with it's heart  breakingly REAL information.
My generation has much to learn of your selfless sacrifice for country.
Watched the first episode and teared up in the first two minutes.  My Dad served two tours.  God bless you and all that served.
Ken Burns is a genius thank god for him!
Thank you, Senator. We don't agree on a lot. But you are a hero. One Navy veteran to another.
I cried and I cried for all of humanity. It is a piece of work every child in every school should see john. And I am canadian #vietnamwarpbs
My 2 closest friends at the time were KIA on Jan 24 1969 in separate incidents. My heart was broken long, long ago.
So sorry. :(
who is cast to play you ?
Republicans trying to take Healthcare away from 32 million is breaking my .
Thank you for everything, sir.
Thank you Senator McCain for all of your service to country which is endless. You are an inspiration.
As a Vietnam vet, I can't wait to view Ken Burns work. Civil War was epic
Viet Naw wasn't a mistake, those at the top knew what clandestine work they were involving the country citizens in, the citizens didn't know
(2) Viet Nam
U wld know @SenJohnMcCain. I can disagree w/ u on policy but as a courageous human being, I shouldn't breathe the same air as u. #thankU
John, Haven't you heard the war is over and Antifa plans to erase all history. Time to move on.
Vietnam War/US involvement a Tragedy beyond belief (INSANE) not to mention over 59k KIA and 100 of thousands injured
Please vote no on this new health care bill
Your in need of insurance now
Please don't take mine away it will kill me
McCain, enough of the past. Are you going to vote yes to eliminate FUTURE healthcare coverage for millions of your fellow citizens?
I'm too concerned about Ken Burns biases to consider that statement seriously, yours as well.
Weapons and War. Let's remove the whole industry and go for real freedom #CIA, NSA, Pentagon and all the other rubbish.
No matter what one's views are/we're on politics and Vietnam, thank you and fellow soldiers for your service to our country's military.
I grew up with Vietnam & the space program. Vivid memories of both. My childhood witnessed the best & worst of humanity.
Had US supported Vietnam's Declaration of Independence of September 2, 1945, there wouldn't have been a Dien Bien Phu or Vietnam War
mr thumb down heartbreaker ho proudly split gop
Must understand that if you now support the repeal, while taxpayers are paying for your chemo treatments, then God have mercy on your soul.
Heartbreaking. I was a little girl during the war. Some of our neighbors & friends never came home. Those who did were broken in every way.
This will only serve to incite me until the next Robert Caro book is released.
Why would I read a Clintonian Anti-America Corporate Owned Carlos Slim Propaganda Paper? Just because you say so? Please....
I watched the preview last night and it looks brilliant-No one can do a documentary like Ken Burns.So looking forward to it
Ken Burns can kiss my a$$
The Vietnam war isn't done claiming casualties of war. A few years ago my brother-in-law (2 tours) became a victim Agent Orange (leukemia).
I wish the Milleniums & young ppl would read it. They need 2 understand the heartbreaking passion the country felt & what the vets went thru
It's a different kind of passion in today's climate but it's nonetheless real passion. It's good to see ppl awaken from their complacency.
hey don't forget to sabotage the last chance for obamacare repeal!
When will this be released in theUk? Love Ken Burns work & Vietnam is well-past time to be tackled by his wise scrutiny?
Wars have made mccain a rich man
I've got it set on my DVR!
Keep up the good work - we're pulling for you Senator.  Looking forward to seeing the doc!
Don't support the newest version of the repeal - let the bi-partisan approach continue!
Broke my heart while it was happening
It must be said, US won the Vietnam war, lost the ground battle but stop the spread of communism in Southeast Asia, We Won! @SenJohnMcCain
All through high school I wore this copper POW/MIA bracelet that had a missing soldiers name on it everyday. He never came home.
In HS, i was 'penpal' to a friend of cousin stationed in Vietnam; he never came back either. Vietnam remains a cancer in US history.
Thank you for your service, please vote against Graham Cassidy, don't sell us out, please
We'll be watching series & saving for our twin grandkids to watch soon.  We served 1965-1973.  Your service and life are an inspiration!
Thank you for your brave service
You are a hero, John.
retire
My Father is a Vietnam Vet. He lives with it every single day. I thank him, and you for your service.
Thank you senator.  Plz stand strong on protecting the ACA until something better is in place. PLEASE.
Odd he's for it when he was against it.
Already have set my DVR !
You are a true hero and patriot.
I can't watch it now (post-Irma cleanup), but ordered the series from @PBS for home viewing. VN was my war. Must watch in small doses.
My dad is on vacay and I had to drive 30 miles to his house today to set it to record!!!!  Looks like it will be very good.
It stirred up lots of memories. The winds of war  never calm Senator.
Even though the @nixonfoundation vehemently disputes his portrayal..???
In 1975 as we left Vietnam,government deserted 100's of POW'S,I hope this is mentioned! It has been denied too long.
Yet you ask me to support a doomed campaign in #Afghanistan.
War for free spirits go's on,stop Trump!
@StephMillerShow @szwest1 @frangeladuo Is that the war that TRUMP dodged by making up BS abt having heel spurs BC he's a COWARDLY CUR?
If Americans would just watch Ken Burns documentaries instead of reading their news on FB, we would finally have an informed electorate
I'm a Democrat John but I do love you you put country before politics God bless you
McClain was a laught
Looking forward to PBS special, Ken Burns always brings truth and enlightenment to any work he endeavors.
Thank you for your service sir. I hate to ask more of you when you have given so much but can you please impeach Donald?
Thank you for serving our country. You are a true hero. Praying for you sir. Now go back to Washington and get us some good healthcare.
.@SenJohnMcCain Thanks! Will watch. Can you now please impeach Trump? Thx.
And do it ASAPPlease???PLEASE!!!
@SenJohnMcCain is a true American hero!
Burns is a genius
I watched my high school classmates walk beside me at graduation & into military uniforms the following week. Saw them return broken forever
I have my DVR set.
Nothing in the New York Times is credible. #FAKENEWS
I can't wait to see this I am recording it so I can watch it again.  This whole episode in American history is tragic.

Only if there is no replacement ..This is just BS hysteria from the naive  left
Loss of faith over the actions of both administrations led to the backlash and lack of empathy for the troops.Worst part of that war.
Senator McCain. As a registered independent I make up my own mind on what is right or wrong for the US. You are a hero. Thank you.
Thank You for your service. But please don't let people die because of Grahams trump care bill. Losing it means losing lives mine included 
I enjoyed his prohibition series, amazing how borh pot and booze prohibition came from uppity jerks who were racists.  Time to legalize
Looking forward to watching this
John, your brand new legacy in DC can B 2 stop rash GOP policy & help stop this unstable POTUS. So that regular order & sanity can resume.
I honestly cannot wait for this special.
Excellent
Can't wait
As a Vietnam Era vet, I'm looking forward to seeing this
I really hope he goes into politics of neighboring countries. The US didn't have a single good partner. Some were legitimately crazy.
Vietnam Auschwitz Israel : Western gang up of unending importance in media should be supplanted with more important world news and issues
Sen. McCain, I visited the VN War Memorial & felt no one could stand there and vote for more wars. How? How?
Please do note vote yes for Hraham-Cassidy health bill. Very damaging to people with pre-existing conditions like my daughter. Thank you
Every time I think of John McCainKen Burns I'm sickened by DonaldTrump and his cowardice evil mouth everything comes out poisonsick karma
Good article!
Looking forward to it.  Thank you Senator, fight bravely now as you always have!
I can't wait to see it either. Love Ken Burns.
Vote for the Graham-Cassidy bill and you and your Republican colleagues will break millions of hearts. And ruin millions of lives.
We are looking forward to learning more about the conflict and respect Ken Burns and Senator McCain a lot.
But you lost the war in Vietnam Senator ..
Everyone lost the war in Vietnam fool.
Stay strong, John!
I can't wait to watch!!!
So you read The NY Times,Washington Post and Ken Burns. Can we call you Antifa John?
McCain is a traitor who should still be in prison for what he did to his Country and fellow POW's....he is the worst of the worst!!!!!
Thank you for your service 
Nope. Don't need to relive.
Sir, U kno many Vietnam vet families rely on Medicaid, rite? Graham-Cassidy is a Medicaid killer. Plz remember yr brothrs & sisters. Vote NO
My brother served and I've seen the aftermath 
It will literally break hearts if you repeal the ACA.
But if the ACA is not affordable ,as agreed by all honest assessment, why should we keep it?..Of course ,you have no answer
Knowing some of the people that served in that war already has. ;)
My dad was on the very first AC-130 Vietnam combat crew. Joked that the USAF was trying to kill the whole crew. Never got the respect!
U break my heart and spin my mind. How can 2008 GOP candidate for POTUS turn on his OWN party and his OWN GOP POTUS ?
Take it from the Crook McCain.
Thanks #Songbird
Vietnam - the first major win for military-industrial complex. 40 years later, stronger than ever. #MilitaryCutsNow!
as did McCain, partied too much, drank, lost his wife (emotionally dead) is easily angered/frustrated, shows all symptoms of severe PTSD!
those of us who came home with severe ptsd drank our symptoms away, lost our wives/GFs, were violent at times, angry outbursts,     2/3
"If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience." - George Bernard Shaw
What's breaking my heart today @SenJohnMcCain is your support for terrible Cassidy-Graham bill. Please reconsider! Vote No! #SaveACA
What she said! I'm with her!
McCain came home to celebrations and parades, the rest came home to hate, blame, silence, scorn, name calling. but  1/3
Hard for me to watch Vietnam stories. My brother spent the last year except for 5 days of his life there. His stories were heartbreaking.
McCain, traitor democrat.
That war was the motivating force of all my thoughts/actions during my teens and twenties. Thank you, Sen. McCain.
Done Senator McCain
Then why do we keep doing it, Senator?
Thank you for your service!
It has broken my heart already with the loss of two good friends in 70s.
Senator, you are such a hero to me.  I remember when you came home; I was so proud and so in awe of your courage!
If you are endorsing it, don't think I'll watch.
Anything by Ken Burns is a favorite.
Agree
Senator, only those of us who were there truly understand.  I salute you Sir. I am 100% disabled but I would do it again if necessary.
Do they tell the truth or have a left wing slant. I do not trust Ken Burns.
Will read! Thank you
It will be very hard for me to watch but if you can.....
.... The Gulf of Tonkin was a lie the Vietnam war was a fraud.
Really looking forward to seeing this project! Ken Burns and his team are masters of their trade.
@BretBaier Lynn N. was with K. Burns on WJ...
the "Vietnam war" was a police action. #DuPont  and the rubber industry thank you for your service. @nytimes
I have to steel myself to watch this. It will be painful.
Please retire John.
What happened in Bengazi broke my heart. The government cover up with no over sight.
We're you interviewed? Just curious,  I haven't seen it yet
I lost my only brother to heroin when he was age 19 post-Vietnam. 
Haven't seen it yet, know it will be magnificent. Gratitude, @KenBurns.
Senator ,you broke Americans hearts when you pulled your little Cesar moment on the Senate floor
my kids don't understand what it was like. had a cousin who did 3 tours, a brother who protested. if we weathered that, we can weather this.
'How many times can a man turn his head and pretend that he just doesn't see?'  Blowin in the Wind. John it looks like your eyes r now open
my beloved uncle/career army did 3 tours as a platoon leader in DaNang. Vietnam war vets never got the respect they deserved
That's great. McCain needs to retire on his cushy pension, we need a REAL Republican in his seat to help Americans.
I've heard winning hearts and minds one too many times already.
Beautiful review.
I like when @KenBurns trends on twitter 
Catch up old man, the Nazi you're supporting is about to go nuclear or don't you care.
I'm a Con Thien survivor.  Why would I ever want to see that shit again.....
Yep but only if your a brainwashed progressive. Shows how much McCain and nyt hate the military and this country!
And, like Tammy duckworth will use military injuries for to hide behind for political gain.
You will not find any openly trannies, cross dressers, gays, lesbians, or Bi's in it either.
@MeghanMcCain it's sad your dad is now nuts.
What breaks my heart is you betraying all those that believed your campaign promise of defeating Obamacare.
All you need to know. North  was a brutal sadistic communist regime hell bent on killing democracy. All the other H-wood fluff is just that
Backstabbing traitor
