Thank you, Senator Udall!
@SanFranMoman @POTUS are you dem or rep?
Dem
Lifetime Dem who voted Trump. You have lost me to the Dem party forever & I'm sure many others.
@Loloben63 -Thank you, Senator Udall!!
thank you
Thank you Sen Udall!
Thank God you are our Senator and are not afraid to stand up to the evil Republicans.
Dems have lost their minds. Coming from lifetime Dem. wow
thank you so much, Senator!
Vote No on Betsy Devos on Monday! #DumpDevos @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
We're with you, Senator!!
thank you
Why did you not bring up your concerns when you all were colleagues. Get your facts straight Tom. #wewinyoulosedems
thankful for people like you protecting the Constitution and our country from those that would destroy it
Thank you!
TY sir. Not a lot of checks or balances left anymore. 
you should probably resign if you are going to vote "no" on everything , wonder why your approval so low.
thank you!
Thank you so much Mr.Udall for putting this so well...even as a Canadian I can say we feel for you!
What real  indication do you have that Sen Sessions is not fit for the job
President Trump is doing what we real Americans hold dear as a nation and you dont like then leave
american citizens yes illegals NO!!!
Thank you Senator! Please keep curbing the dark impulses!!
thank you!
thank you!
That makes you a idiot. Jeff Sessions is perfect for that job. It's time the criminals pay for what they have done.
At least one sane senator. Thank you. Gather more.
Thank you sir for your courage and integrity I thank you A concerned America thanks you
This is untrue + therefore beneath u. 
U know it's utter crap. The 7 countries either r under Iran or have no govt to vet
Will you please start impeachment hearings on tromp and Bannon and get them out of there
@DAbitty 
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
Vote Yes for Sessions.  He is the kind of man we need protecting Americans.
Sally Yates violated her oath to uphold the law, already written just ordered to bed upheld by Trump
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall !!! (from Tucumcari)
Thank you!  Please encourage your Senator friends to do the same.
Thank you for being American.
Thank you!
This is for you Senator!
Thank you for helping to make the legislature a stronger check and balance to the executive branch.  #resist
Yes!  We support you!
Thank You!
thank you thank you thank you, help stop @POTUS we're so not safe now at all. @realdonaldtrump wants #WW3 No more wars!
. Thank you.
Session is an honorable man & your personal attacks are out of line.
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall, for your NO on JSessions for AG.
Thanks for taking this stand.  Our family supports you on this issue. Greetings from Las Cruces.
thank you Senator Udall.
Thank you!
Good work... tell your friends.
Thank you Senator Udall she is not qualified and her answer concerning children with disabilities was atrocious
Thank you,  sir.
THANK YOU!!
thank you!
thank you Sen Udall!
Thank-you @SenatorTomUdall . @realDonaldTrump
President Trump is what America voted for and all of his cabinet picks are outstanding. Much smarter than Senators.
Thank you!
NM has real skin in this game, Senator! I am very proud of both of you. We must care for all. It's what we do.
thank you Senator!
thank you Senator! #impeachpresidentbannon
we will remember and stand by you for doing the right thing
@leoluminary @POTUS thank for you for standing against hate and rascim and a Yes man puppet
Dark impulses called lying and auditing anyone that disagreed  with former President. GMAB. We can all see thru you.
Thank you. And  "curb the dark impulses" = A+
Thank you! Anything we can do to help get #Bannon off the NSC?
Thank you. This constituent is grateful to have you as a senator.
Thank you Senator!
Thank YOU so very much for voting NO on #Sessions!
thank you good sir! We greatly appreciate your service! Now on to dealing with the nasty orders re immigration. 
Thank you!
I voted for you, can you assure me your vote is based on whats best for NM or for DC politics/Dems? Sick of DC BS
Thank you, Senator Udall!
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall!
I’m voting no on #Sessions. Our AG must curb the dark impulses & actions of @POTUS & ensure every American has equal justice under the law. 
thank you!!
Good work, sir!
I would think ANYONE with a working brain would vote no regarding this man. Republicans need to wake up and vote NO
thats excellent news, thank you senator!
Thank you, Senator!
thank you Senator!!
