When Mr. Sessions served as US Attorney, his record on voting rights—the backbone of our democracy—was subject to serious question.
In the context of this confirmation hearing, Senator Sessions' record on civil rights must be included in the debate #LetLizSpeak
The AG is our nation’s chief law enforcement officer—with enormous power to either advance or roll back our constitutional protections.
I read Mrs. King’s letter about Mr. #Sessions’ commitment to justice for all. I leave it to my colleagues to assess that commitment.
.@SenateMajLdr tried to silence Corretta Scott King’s letter abt #Sessions’ civil rights record. We're making sure she is heard #LetHerSpeak
Mrs. King’s letter abt Sen. #Sessions’ civil rights record is completely relevant to our debate. @SenWarren shouldn't have been silenced.
I fully understand the importance of Rule XIX—but Mrs. King’s words and Sen Warren’s voice should not be silenced. #LetLizSpeak
I listened to your entire speech. THANK YOU for speaking out as you did. New Mexico is lucky to have you. <3
please put all of the facts in the record. Don't cherry pick the ones that make your point.
Thank you, @SenatorTomUdall, @SenSherrodBrown, and @BernieSanders for persisting.
I entered Coretta Scott King’s letter abt #Sessions into the Senate record and read it from the floor—her words should not be silenced.
Thank you for standing up for education and free speech
Thank you for your impassioned speech today. Listened on CSPAN and was grateful to hear so many Dem senators speak up.
way to go Senator. Too bad they didn't let your colleague from Massachusetts finish.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
thank you!
@tempteststorm2 did u enter the transcript of video where Mrs. King thanked Sen Sessions at Rosa Parks event. 2018 Red
Thank you very much  for reading that letter and entering it  on the record
WAY 2 GO!
@Demvoter Saw it Senator Udall. Good for you. Right thing to do.
Thank you for reading Ms. King's letter into the record.
I'm glad u did but why is it not okay for a woman????????
@DAH_NM  Thank you Senator! You do NM & the Senate proud!
thank you.
Not too slick of Warren to use another's words to get around the very time tested rule of not besmirching a colleague.
thank you for reminding us that we can be proud to be from New Mexico
Thank you!
Tom Udall you are noticed as being an honorable man in my book. Thank you for doing that. ;)
How would you like to hear her reading lies about you?
Thank you! It's important.
Thank you, Senator. You make me proud to be a New Mexican. Please keep it up; we need you!
Sad that @McConnellPress let a man read it. 
Its great that you did this but it pisses me off Liz was silenced
Thank you for all that you do.
Thank you, Senator.
@boandsunny 
Thank you ...
sorry mr. Turdball, but you are wrong. You are the reason and cause for the violence in the streets and loss of security.
thank you!!!  You're doing the right thing!!
Thank you for standing up, Senator.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you sir, you are a true patriot!
good job 
@mjmarantz thank you for standing up against Sessiions.
She's stupid and thinks she's special!!She isn't and it was proven yesterday!!  She broke the rules!!Sit down and shut up!!
@nowhitenonsense Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you!  “The life of the nation is secure only while the nation is honest, truthful, & virtuous.” ~Frederick Douglass
You Rock !! Thanks
Thank you Senator.
Thank you sir!
thank you for doing us proud, sir
Thank you!
Thank you for your service to our country!
Thank you.#Sessions. #LetLizSpeak First amendment applies to all of us..not just republicans BAD @SenateMajLdr mccconnell
Thank you Senator.
so glad that others are standing up against the Tyranny that Trump is trying to put over our elected officals
Sad that a woman was silenced, but a man was allowed to read it.
you totally rock #salute
thank you Senator Udall
Thank You!
why didn't you ever speak out about Byrd and his position in the KKK? Is it because it was so long ago and he changed.
@Leta_says Thank you Mr. senator for speaking for those who can't and standing up for what's right. 
Thank you, Senator Udall!
Thank you so very much!
@AmericanMOM01  thank you!
Thank you Senator! I met you a few years back on behalf of a client in Santa Fe.  I may be in touch I think I need to run!
Thank you!!
Thank you 
@DSenFloor thank you!
yes! thank you senator!
yes!!! Thank you!
Thank You, Sir!
thank you, I hope every Democratic Senator follows your lead.
Thank you, Senator!
Why did @SenWarren get shut down but you didn't? Pls tell me it was on a technicality. Genuinely need to know. Good work!
It was sexism, plain & simple, not a technicality. Mitch can't stand the sound of a woman talking sense.
How come you weren't silenced?  Sen. Warren must wonder why not as well!  Your speech was  dynamic--"Bully...bully pulpit!"
politics and grandstanding...I am NOT impressed. We need #LawAndOrder  Confirm Sessions!!
God help the world if this evil racist is allowed to become AG! He is like those Trump wants to ban - A BAD DUDE
using trigger words..Won't work anymore! All lies! Confirm Sessions!
Not the old "If I don't agree with it, it must be lies!" Trumpet again? 
nope ..name calling??? Really?? Confirm Sessions today and let's all move on!
Sweetie, you read things that aren't even there. Let's find someone more honest than Sessions, eh? Then we really can move on ;)
He will be confirmed! Deal with it, Sweetie! ;)
thank you senator!
strength and feminism from the senator from my home state redoubles my pride in being a New Mexican. #NMtrue #Persist
None of the men who read the letter were censored. Can @SenWarren sue for Sexism or has that law been struck already?
Thank you!!!!!!
@SenWarren GOOD JOB! They weren't silencing Elizabeth Warren, they were trying to silence AMERICA!
Thank you. #ShePersisted
and they let you?
Watched you. Thank you sir!
Why do you think that Republicans let you do it, but stopped @SenWarren from doing so?
they let him because he is a man and Liz is a woman #ShePersists
Was watching your remarks. You are a patriot, sir. Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you! #ShePersisted, #WeResisted
