millions suffered their illegal acts but there have been NO indictments.
EW is lone voice/warrior on this issue I see. HOW is this not a central issue amid DJT/emails??? Your reason for being on Earth
Obama best endorsement for Trump
Obama becomes the best endorsement for Trump 
@AdvanceMattapan good riddance Lehman! Karma for Big Mountain! 
@FRW3 AND NOW THEY WANT NO REGULATIONS OF OUR BANKING! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Birther started by Hillary supporters - NOT Trump.
Birther started by Hillary supporters - NOT Trump
MENDACIOUS Hillary denied her involvement
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/barackobama/8478044/Birther-row-began-with-Hillary-Clinton-supporters.html … 
The downside of capitalism. Still better than the downside of socialism, but neither is acceptable. God bless America!
"Downside of socialism" is actually corruption while the downside of capitalism is unfettered greed. #FalseEquivalence
Hmmm. 
Corruption is innate to the human race. 
Socialism seeks power, which can corrupt just as greed does. 
@SenWarren
Socialism does not seek power, greed seeks power, and uses corruption to attain it. Socialism is about everyone.
Have you already forgotten about the Soviet Union? @SenWarren
Unclear how corruption conflates to socialism, but whatever. #ConfirmationBias @SenWarren
How about the recent Wells Fargo fiasco!  u have 2 b sociopathic/psychopathic 2 do what those banksters did.  White collar crime!
I know too old now - but same story in other artificial recessions -the people who cause get a pass-millions suffer
and your backing the banks biggest supporter
  keep fighting for us Senator Warren.
and that is why you need to demand an investigation for Rico Act violation and possible charges based on your hearing next week.
@Phaedrus08 That's old news.Lets rehash the email story again.
.@SenWarren Bill Clinton ended Glass-Steagal resulting in Wall Street meltdown while democrats shielding failures.
- Lehman would not have filed if Barney Frank and Cuomo of HUD didn't threaten to investigate them for racism -causing recession
govt loan deregulation in late 90's caused crisis, they loosened the rules, when know they need to be kept tight and overseen

So do something meaningful, not BS. Dodd-Frank is a toothless waste of time and money. Why? because the same crap still goes on.
So proud of your interrogation of Wells CEO - you go Elizabeth!
And your gal Hillary is in their pockets. What two faced BS.
hold their feet to the fire. They ruined many people. How they sleep at night defies all logic.
paying off @HillaryClinton for a lecture can be pricey I've heard.
There need to be a townhall meeting 2 show how the wars and Repubulicans are destorying this country 2 make themselves look good.
We still are senator! Please do not cause more suffering by supporting #ClintonAnnointed
but they have never stopped fill hillarys coffers
you people talk a good game but aren't fooling anyone
obama took their money to run for potus. He owed them. He refused prosecution. You think hillary will prosecute her wall st boys?
the govt created the massive housing crisis then when the bottom falls out they blame the banks
which investors were the primary buyers of MBS?  Oh that's right. Govt created FNMA and FHLMC. tack on moral hazard=disaster
Yes, and HRC takes their $. I am glad you champion these issues but you should have supported Bernie Sanders.
Any conflict of interest here with Trump? We just don't know; right? Public believes @HillaryClinton isn't transparent as Trump:(
My mother lost a fortune.
Before that Hillary falsely accused the Travel Office Director of stealing, Bill lost his law license for lying and you followed.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and its shareholders are still being ripped off by the Government
we r still suffering from it Ocwen pays billions in fines that go to the gov & homeowners loose their homes WHAT ABOUT US?
You turned your back on Fannie and Freddie shareholders to gift the Big Banks #hypocrite
"The big banks recklessly" blah blah so then why did you join them if it's an issue? Did you raise your hand before speaking?
and this .... http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/13/business/fannie-and-freddies-government-rescue-has-come-with-claws.html?_r=0 … #fanniegate
and too big to jail are taking these corporations for their own needs. You talked about them! What now?
maybe if democrats hadn't forced their way into the relationship of banks and buyers the crash wouldn't have happened.
and Justice Dept only goes after VW
So what's different now? Nothing has changed.
http://gselinks.com/pdf/Physician_Heal_Thyself.pdf …  Here we are on Constitution Day and few of you politicians are doing what you were sworn to do.
The proof the gov is rotten to the core on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac can be found in the court documents http://GSElinks.com 
And 4 years ago the Obama Admin illegally changed the bailout terms and is covering it up #FannieGate
And Fannie & Freddie enabled it!
We need your strong, unique voice exposing Trump's hate-fueled lies and policies and your spot-on, blistering Trump Tweets.
- Bankruptcy, it's Constitutional. Look it up.
The  future   will  happen  no
  Good   people   have  suffere d  damage
Committed fraud & nobody went to jail.  Live in mansions in the Hamptons on profits from crime. #what'swrongwithyoupeople?
and we still are
and Hillary made out like a bandit yet you want to be her best friend you're all 2 faced
Restore #GlassSteagall
@FHFA And prior to that, Hank Paulson had told his buds at Ecton Park to short Fannie & Freddie. Oops. Too big or inside to jail?
why haven't the average person gotten a bailout with student loans
and @HillaryClinton became rich giving the elite speeches
if you real want to address the issue you just have to look at the Steagall Glass act ... everything else is rhetoric.
Need Dodd Frank & other regulations to prevent this in future. P Ryan & GOP working for their big $ backers. Dump them. Vote Blue
@BethCol77455974 But you backed their proverbial political daughter because she played on your fears of big Orange.
yes, and no one was punished or paid back all that lost money, oh except the taxpayers.
.
#nevertrump
pass a law that fines are not tax deductible
People gambled with their live savings trusting such a system. Blame the masses
and knowingly! Why are the CEOs and Dir.s responsible for 2008 criminally prosecuted?
I feel like we live in bizarro world, people I considered somewhat intelligent are diehard Trumpers. #ImWithHer
Time to bring in some Icelandic prosecutors!
Call out the media for soft peddling @therealdonald_ and family. Fox news should have a FCC investigation. Free donations of air.
your party has been in charge for 8 yrs......stop yelling bc you're only into this for your own self interest -
Congress also is responsible for failing to have sufficient regulation & failing to adequately fund (and staff) regulatory ops
you're a fraud that endorses the biggest enabler, Lying Hillary
And what have you done to change the banking culture? Worse today than it has ever been.
@jhsitunes 8 years later the whole world is still paying the price for the selfish greed of a handful of people.
@gallagherbren so essentially the rest of the world need the money back for US people not paying their mortgage payments #fact
@gallagherbren they were big time into the sub prime loan market and they subbed it out worldwide. Backed by US loans !!!
Sounds like we're heading back down the same road again... #ALittleWorried
go get'em Liz!
@louvice 
Yeah woke up to this shit after having a brain tumor removed. Got a call from work same day. Got laid off. Good times!
but not Hillary n Obama They each  made millions Bernie was right  what happened to u
and you're letting them do it again. So, what's the difference?
Well thank God we bailed out everyone else then!
Empty talking pt when you endorse the financial institutions' personal pick for POTUS.  Get real #SenWarren  NO ONE believes u
New FHFA risk sharing deals are enriching TBTF banks by siphoning money out of FNMA:
Why didn't you stand up for progressives, and support Bernie?
and how many of them have gone to jail?
And you done NOTHING about it. Do I hear Primary Challenge!
And no one WENT to jail
Free FNMA from conservatorship so everyone can afford a home-FNMA is already reformed, unlike TBTF banks:
8 yrs and you still keep Fannie & Freddie in shackles. Minority's can't get a mortgage thanks to Obama. Release GSE's #fanniegate
The corrupt financial practices all began well before that date! Under Rep.'s...refusing to properly monitor & regulate activty.
And what did the Democratic Justice Department do about it? Nothing!
and you sold out and supported the candidate who takes their money and will change nothing
Shh, Liz, Hillary's best friends are the big banks! You sold out to her, remember.
Yet the ostriches didn't see, and coming up for air, parrot the same old removal of government oversight and regulation.
And now all but Lehman are bigger than in 2007.
And president Obama brought us back from the brink of ruin.
How did the community reinvestment act play into that crisis?
American people want to see Trump's tax returns we need to see what time he has with poop it is in in just to the American people
Because @billclinton made it possible, then you went and endorced @HillaryClinton. You can't keep switching teams! #BernieorJill
.@SenWarren @SenSanders @HillaryClinton

Got Wells Fargo?

These guys just don't get the memo.

Is our criminal justice system is available?
they still had money to pay the clintons though.
lost home equity, lost pension earnings, contracts negotiated w less compensation and benefits #WorkingClassNeverRecovered
yes and the GOP decided they'd let Obama take the fall for the recession, but he showed those asses a thing or two
they still are and nothing has changed and #tpp will make it even worse
Republicans almost sunk the USA in recession, thankfully a Democrat was elected and saved us.
and there you have it, the root cause
@ABWashBureau I'm sure she would have mentioned Congress' central role if not for twitters character limit.
You have do more than just rant on Twitter, geez..go after the Weapons of Math Destruction and read the new book!
the average folks owning multiple homes had nothing to do with it. Right? Plenty of blame to go around
- and....and and and.....*your* government did nothing about it. Don't blame Lehman - they didn't make the playpen.
I hope you will be saturating the campaign trail for HRC.
You are dynamite!
I still can't believe Obama allowed that to happen. Geez he is awful 
*sarcasm
.@SenWarren 4 years ago, we the people of Mass elected you and you have done nothing for this state. You should be ashamed!  @massgop
And you ignored the guy who would actually do something and endorsed the queen of Wall Street, but thanks for bringing it up?
..I'm still recovering.
Public is still dealing with the fallout from the economic crisis. will change the course of many peoples' retirement

if hillary Clinton is potus we can expect more of this
As a BK lawyer, those were good times indeed.
In a pleasant twist of fate I was hired at my current job on 9/15/08. One week later and I probably don't get the job.
why don't you ask Obama and his AG's on why these folks are not in jail? I guess they're too big to go to jail.....
Millions of people were set back financially and emotionally so far they won't live long enough to recover
And yet, nothing's changed.

If you're going back out on the trail, can you please ask Trump to produce the IRS Audit Letter????  Please!!!!  #IRSAuditLetter
Look around, many are still hurting, and many of them can't seem to find a way out.
While the banks are bigger than ever and the execs are even more loaded instead of jailed & poor. #TaxTheRich #MoneyOut
I believe many of the guilty bankers been held somewhat accountable, I also feel that even though broke, more secure
It's ok. Hillary will fix it.
Luckily they put aside enough money to finance Hillary's campaign.
