u must be mistaken and r referring to @HillaryClinton the corrupt evil liar!!!!
you should give back $400,000 of the 500,000 you made at Harvard (a yr)and give back a lot of tuition to kids
You should not be taking any victory laps considering it was the LA Times that broke the story  Grandstanding is all u r good for
and Hollary Clinton should give back the millions of &is she took from countries that abuse women & kills gays!!!!! Shame on YOU
I wish you were as worried about Clinton and all her illegal felonies being prosecuted DOJ oh yeah he could just plead 5th
FYI.
Wells Fargo whistleblower says she flagged fraud years ago http://a.msn.com/00/en-us/BBwYk6y?ocid=st …
Please also look into the World/Wachovia/Wells buyout of Mortgages that they refused to modify due to some formula unknown
@FlyPage hypocritical suggestion coming from someone whose career is based on a lie #fauxcahontus
So why not launch a law suit against him? You won't get him to punish himself no matter how badly you embarrass him.
He does have to forfeit $41 mil.
Sen Warren is a tough cookie. Probably she's not done with Wells Fargo
Have you spoken with Loretta Lynch, Will there actually be a criminal  investigation. Feeling a but under represented right now.
please DOJ investigation. Pls you talk about high cost of college but got paid 400K. Now you complain what he made
Stumpf und Drumpf... a pair of greedy narcissist bullies!
As I said, #BFF of @HillaryClinton CEO of @WellsFargo will lose his money - he did last night - $41 Million are gone! #Tatiana
go away
http://www.thepoliticalguide.com/Profiles/Senate/Massachusetts/Elizabeth_Warren/Scandals/ …
I agree with you.  I think Wells Fargo should be shut down!There in no justification for such abuse and deception.
shouldn't Joe's Daughter resign as well Lizzie.
Only fair correct??
Pay no taxes always=no vote 

"Only the little people pay taxes"L.Helmsley
"Makes me smart"DT
"He's a genius"RudyG 
"VOTE" BHO
For all of her grandstanding, Warren never mentioned Wells Fargo donations to Hillary -foundation, campaign, speeches.
@gehrig38
I remember hearing about years ago on Rachel Maddow & have admired and respected the work you've done ever since. Thanks Senator!
You should push for jail time. This is criminal, not some juvinile curvew violation
he should be criminally prosecuted like all bank robbers
Right on Elizabeth Warren
it was a good idea then and now = I sorta favored crucifixion along with the entire management team
Yes we need more power behind those words without that just more hot air What should happen is not what happens
why do you demand the top guy in businesses accept fault and resign but not the top guy in government?
$ returned may be 24x the fees Wells Fargo collected from customers. But many of those peeps lost everything as a result. Fair?
How is this man not in prison? Doing business with Cuba during the embargo was illegal!!
warpaint
keep fighting.
we should be able to f***  Wells Fargo like they had me raped by my father when they took our house away from us disabled patient
When will accountability include jail for all involved? Why is it when thievery is committed in corps, rarely jail is result?
ur outrage against corruption is selective! urA political hack!Where's ur outrage ova destroyed GOV emails,Corrupt DOJ&FBI? #MAGA
Funny how Stumpf rhymes with Trump. Cut from similar cloth I think. #RealCriminalsAreWhite
get him Liz
EVERY.PENNY. This is shameful and he lacks all integrity. He should be fired.
you are an angel Mrs Warren
Of course, they believed him. Waiting for arbitration. started out with $61K with 6% yearly interest, have now $14K. WF no help
I was cheated out of my retirement from Wells Fargo Advisor,Lee Blackwell. Filed with Finra, they said it was my word against him
the Board must be held accountable - 2,500 fired and no questions asked?
Why isn't that happening? Fines for illegal and unethical practices are ineffective; just business expenses, not punishment.
You seem very concerned with Wells Fargo, while sitting there giving away control of the internet.
why no jail?
Great work on Wells Fargo!
@PinkIguana11 Yes and I'm concerned about the people who were fired. Can they sue?
Agree with you Elizabeth.
. #WARREN2020
Yes! Thank you Senator for standing up to the greed-bloated banks and protecting the average citizen.  Keep fighting Betty!
My @WellsFargo advisor tried to defend  his CEO with an obvious scripted response to blame "bad" employees. Broke my heart.
"should" resign. We need tougher laws so that he " must" resign and go to jail.
stumpf almost like drumpf. Coincidence? I think not.
you can't say anything without going the grandstanding route, can you? People who can't handle pressure at work must love you.
I was let go two years ago and now I can't get employment with other banks thanks to Wells Fargo ;(
did you return the money you made flipping real estate during the housing crisis #senatorhypocrite
Yes he should!
we must stop #ICANN. Vote yes for S.3034 - Protecting Internet Freedom Act #internet
.@SenWarren Your outrage @WellsFargo Stumpf is disingenuous.
When you endorse @HillaryClinton,
You endorse Big Banks & Wall Street.
#DemExit
.@SenWarren Your outrage is disingenuous.
When you endorse @HillaryClinton,
You endorse Big Banks and Wall Street.
If he resigns he still gets a golden parachute worth millions. DOJ should block that as well.
Agreed 100%
can we talk about the Saudi's perpetrating 911 for just one day.
grow up  Your name calling makes you look like a God damn fool .you mr sound like a complete disgrace just like clibton
I'm tired of news coverage of Trump.. His people Lie and media does not correct them. It's sickning!
Elizabeth I love you,you speak for me and many...re-wells fargo
how about he pays those fired a years pay for every year they worked at the company.
if only elected politicians were held to that standard
I think you have to believe in the Democratic process and not interject your feelings about someone's pay - its not your role.
Agreed! Along with any other execs involved, especially those in the "ethics and standards" dept.
yeah that'll happen
Stumpf should be in jail!
While I agree action is necessary, wouldn't it need to be proved that he knew and was Complicit? CEOs can't know everything
That's not nuff. Send him to JAIL where his likeness belong! A man goes to jail for stealing candies yet he goes free?
but he won't have to because he bought his investigators years ago.
hear hear! all corrupt presidential candidates should go to jail!!! Their stooges too. @SenWarren @SJBSchu
Yes he should Martha Stewart did far less and hurt no one but went to the pokey  why can't we do the same for these greedy CEO's?
#FauxWarpath by imposter and liar who profits from the industry she demeans
WF independent board members did the right thing
Elizabeth don't be so bitter.
@WellsFargo has no way of adjusting the credit scores of all the Americans hurt by this scam. Prosecution to the fullest extent.
has Wells Fargo said anything about a new "living will" plan, due in a few days?
Yes, He must resign !
I concur.  Furthermore, Mr. Stumpf's audacity during the early days that he was free of any wrongdoing is unforgivable.
And send him to jail. With Jamie Dimon, please.
why not like the DOJ is going to do anything they let Hillary slide
No worries, as sales goal is scrapped, earnings will plunge and investors will continue to bail out. Stumpf is doomed either way
THANK YOU SENATOR. WELLS FARGO STOLE FROM ME TOO. I SENT MY INFO TO THE ATYY GENERAL OFFICE IN GA. THEY GOT AWAY WITH IT.
Brilliant questionng of Stumpf.  And thank you very much.  I would have stood up and cheered if I was there.
Why can't someone make this happen???
I am concerned about those employees who were injured when they refused to go along. Heard they are filing a class action.
run for president!
there is no way one person can guarantee the behavior of 10's of 1000's. This is why large co's have layers of management.
but, we know the real answer here...doesn't have anything to do with Stumpf or WF. Has to do with POWER and the transfer of it.
but Hillary should be president? Where is your pompous indignation when it comes to fellow Dems? #DNCLeak #EmailGate #Clintons
if this was the reaction every time a large corp has an issue like this (happens often), why would anybody aspire to CEO-dom?
To steal
you're free to visit Venezuela and see how wonderful the alternative is.
Drumpf is a bigger liar than all politicians combined. His supporters don't care that they are the exact people he will screw.
Right on! When will you release the names of the Notorious Nine?
AND HE SHOULD BE IN JAIL!!!
Nothing like a corrupt criminal telling another corrupt criminal what to do...
Priceless. 
#indianmyass
so where's the problem?  Why doesn't DOJ go after these types of cases?
Don't forget to have FinCEN & the OCC take a closer look at their AML & Sanctions programs. Bet they still haven't fixed 2007.
@rjamime Banking system lobbyists bribes corruptDC LawMakers, AMunder CorpAM DC ochlocracy siege's part of our political culture
remember Wells Fargo senfarren
Lizzie, People don't do what you think they should, they do what they're legally forced to do. Change laws. @JoeManco1803
No laws need to be changed. The SEC, DOJ, and @WellsFargo Board needs to immediate strong action vs Stumpf
YES!!!! You have my support on that, the country needs to unite against this type of "smart men"
This corruption in the  has to stop! CEO's think they can write a blank check to themselves!
I thought your questioning if the WF CEO offensive. Have you ever run a large corporation?
He's buying his freedom from prosecution with the $41 million giveback. #wellsfargoScandal
keep up the pressure, please.
expand inquiry to reverse mortgage lending they cheat there too
stop hatin.
can Senate call inquiry into why DOJ isn't prosecuting these charges?
And bless you, Senator, he and his female counterpart are being relieved of 41m for Stumpf and 21m for whats-her-name. U go, girl

And now he's getting paid to hide .... er, clean up, the rest of the scandal.
Hilary should do the same. She's guilty of so much. She should b in prison.
You are right but you can't be selective. All violations, cover-ups and frauds should be prosecuted.
And board Should be sued by shareholders
because Clinton did everything legally with her Foundation?
He & other bankers that nearly destroyed world economy should pay back $,be indicted,hopefully convicted &go to real jail.GET 'EM
CEO accountability will NEVER happen as long as a supposedly "rational" #FreeMarket rewards & legally protects this.
FWIW, Elizabeth, I resigned as a customer of @WellsFargo
it would be great if there were "lawmakers" who proposed changes to laws to make it easier to pierce the corporate veil...
Tell the DOJ and FBI that we all know about their cover up on Clinton. The people demand justice.
Thank you for your selfless dedication to the American people and for Lady Justice!
You should resign, & Reid, Palosi, &CERTAINLY CORRUP KILLARY! But, you won't, & neither will he..
shouldn't he be in jail for violating Dod Frank laws? Oh that's right all those laws only apply to the poor
Any relation to Drumpf I wonder?
you shou(d resign and go back to your school, honestly
shut up, wrong target imho you should target otjer ceos like jpm
keep up the good work and ignore the uneducated.
u r a liar, Ms. "Native American" .Go home!
I agree but so should you with your scam about having Native American heritage.
thank you for continuing your excellent efforts.
; What DOJ are you talking about, the same one who let Hillary go after email national security scam?
More tough talk with no action. Maybe the FBI should investigate they did such a good job with the email scandal. LOL what a joke
can the Clintons also return whatever WF and/or Stumpf contributed to their "cause??"
If you attack @WellsFargo, what about @BankofAmerica and all the scams against there customer base...double standard
u first for the scam u pulled.
@EllenPage Totally a political over reaction that should become a criminal or civil case after SEC review
Are there any incompetent results of govt wherein you would feel compelled to return your salary to the American people?
why is it the stimulus package couldn't have been used to pay off peoples mortgages and then the banking system reckoned with?
absolutely. You shamed him into giving bonus back
I just watched the video of you questioning Stumpf. I'm so proud of your legal skills and brilliant mind. #AmericanHero #Justice
Is an example of government overreach. Not gov job. No consumers lost. Only shareholders of Wells lost here. They should and have
He must be liquidated and pay back every dime to all his victims along with every dime he'll make in the future.
Will Warren give back taxpayer money after her failed overhaul of student loans in 2010? Where Obama took over loans from banks
should Obama administration not do the same and return the money they stole from police pensions? #fanniegate #bluelivesmatter
Stumpf and Drumpf: Two frauds who got rich at the expense of others. Both should face criminal investigations.
Ms. Warren should be nominated the new" CHIEF ISIS HUNTER"  scare into submission
who's going to reinforce this?  I agree with you but reality is the large company exec is never fireable.
"should".... but will he?..and who will make him? Please don't just tweet the obvious, make it happen!
And what happened to his hand.
Totally agree.  I hope he serves time.  We need to start a real precedent in our country for these crimes.
@EllenPage Took me a sec to recall Stumpf is a real person, not just a mocking monicker for @realDonaldTrump Corruption abounds.
All crooks should face penalties commensurate to size & scope of their crimes rather than inverse to their social strata.
I admire the way you keep the fat cats accountable. Well done. Keep up the good work.
so why does that never ever happen?
