have they come close to the obstructionism of Harry Reid?
If GOP would do their job,they wouldn't burden next Supreme Court w/at least 1 member short 4 next President!
Are you listening @PRyan ?
Your propensity for hyperbole is well known. Garland is not getting a hearing.
It's blatant obstruction without due process & they can get away with it, until both sides agree to stop the gamesmanship
it's the presidents job to nominate judges. #stoplieing @SenWarren and do your job
Dems do the same thing with a Repub President. Stop whining. U've done nothing in the Senate but complain about Repubs
example of obstructed Scotus nomination please.
@Patsy1207 @SenateGOP nothing more you all can do??  Ugh!
It would be good for Twitter to have a list of the courts where emergencies declared. One by one.
oh please, dems are just as guilty. Get off ur high horse
which makes prosecution of terrorists more difficult, and the Republicans can feed population's fear of terrorists.
If the GOP loses the Seanate, you will once again hear them say we have to cooperate. I hope we don't!
just because you didn't get your way!
,, Dems are equally obstructive,  voting no on Zika funding over prov they don't like, no on terror list, guns, due pr
Are overburdened courts good for corporations?
#impeachment
Tired of your childish little obstructionist games #DoYourJob
@Scotus  Unprecedented 206 Days without Fully Functional Supreme Court #JudicialSabotage
We don't want left wing liberal nut jobs on the bench to bend the law to Democrats wishes
Then why is Harry Reid blocking every vote in Senate if Repubs are obstructionists ? Reid is a DEMOCRAT
Will names of obstructionists be publicized in Nov?This is why GOPprimaries chose an outsider.See how that turned out.
Just bust Hillary the Fed Law Breaking Criminal? Lock this traitor up for life!
how's that Zika bill going in the Senate?       @SenateGOP
GOP keeping the judiciary from becoming an activist branch of government who disregards the Constitution.
They don't care about justice, they don't care about truth. They have tried to block OUR president at every turn.
Did you really think they were going to change -We must have more real Democrats and Vote them all out!
TAKES TWO to tangle...
THANK YOU! for pushing for ACTION!!!!!!!
like i always say...gop r satans children!!!
Following their leader Trump will be their downfall.
#GOP Three Tenets: Obstruction Distraction Vacation #DoYourJob @SenWarren
The @SenateGOP are setting new records for obstruction with judicial nominations – leaving courts overburdened & understaffed. #DoYourJob
Lizzy the way you were treated by Hillary is disgraceful Now get lost you are once again Irrelevant and almost Obscure
Lazy politicians need a real job
@gop @PRyan DO YOUR JOBS as stated in the Constitution you keep saying you're upholding?  NOT
oh like Harry changed the rules, I see
.@SenWarren wants @SenateGOP to go full Pelosi and confirm judges in order to have them fully vetted.
they don't care! They're more concerned about their own jobs than what's good for the country!
Dens have done the exact same thing.  Stop with the inflammatory rhetoric
yes they did to Bush 43
u r wrong
they work for us, not just your set
if this was being shown in all the MSM the Republicans would stop the obstruction due to media shame
I have to disagree.   The GOP has been the party of NO for almost 8 years, and MSM has no impact.
then stop nominating libtards.
#DoYourJob
Madam Sentor, this critique would seem much more genuine had you not blocked funding to fight Zika yesterday. #DoYourJob
#DoYourJob  or give your pay check to charity more deserving.
Those sending GOP lawmakers to Wash. seem only to want to stop Dems from accomplishing worthwhile programs for people.
get em bae. Elizabeth Warren 2024.
The @senateGOP needs to be replaced.  We need a fresh new start. Preferably people who actually work for a living.
Hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha @SenWarren @SenateGOP
.@SenWarren Why not at least make @SenateGOP come to work? Object to ending all "quorum calls" until they give judges a vote. #DoYourJob
Honestly, how can the Senate claim to be "in session" when there's no one in the chamber? #DoYourJob
We don't want 2 wait for President @HillaryClinton 2 nom some1 more liberal?  Oh, she won't... Never mind https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/08/16/the-forgotten-nominee-merrick-garlands-fate-rests-on-forces-beyond-his-control/ …

The Senate is worthless and getting paid for obstruction and nothing else...American's need to vote them out
I bet the GOP stand with their hand over their heart when they say the pledge.
Mr warren goes hard. She don't play. Get em #RIPGOP
watched today, disgusting! How do they live with themselves?

Tell your friend Hillary stop running for office
