Ask about the CEO's Big Fat Bonus while you're at it please. Thank you ma'am.
also ask how much she contributed to Hillary
There's nothing wrong with giving to campaigns.
LMAO. So high bonuses are bad but giving that bonus to Hillary is good???
Who said it was good? Read. I said "there's nothing WRONG with giving to campaigns."
so if she gives her bonus to a campaign then that money is ok?
Last time...It's HER money. She can give it to you if she wants to! #StopIt
you're beyond a joke.
Did you ask @NancyPelosi? Her Obamacare work made it possible.  @SenateDems
remember Harry Reid & DEMS granted monopoly status? WE THE PEOPLE SO
US Democrats want answers about the EpiPen price hike @SenWarren @SenateDems
Children, Mauled As Private Mercenaries Attack Native American Pipeline Protest http://thefreethoughtproject.com/?p=51250 
hey pokehonese. Can you find out why my premium are up 120% in 3 years and why @Humana won't tell me this yrs inc
We’d like to help. Please send your name, phone, zip, email & issue so we can locate your account.-MW
y'all have helped enough.   When are y'all pulling out of Ga. After the election? Giving Hilary all the help you can ?

sure Mylan will send you a donation for backing the BIG PHARMA candidate.

Allow #BigPharma to continue to deduct/write off dev/testing costs only if US prices=or less other devoloped countrys

Obama, Erdogan discussion with PYD SUPPORT CONSULTANT HAS BEEN ADVISED.!
where u been? In ur teepee? Safe place? It just figured out u r useless?
what happened to the save benefits act. What a joke
Deportation problems? Call the law team of Alies, Bannon, & Bossie. Dylan:Trump protest song.
big deal you are going to ask. What can you do about it. Nothing
we give millions upon millions to the phillipines in aid and the president say's he is not a puppet to u.s. Stop the aid
maybe ask your colleague @Sen_JoeManchin why his daughter used a government-enabled monopoly to price gouge.
If you had backed #BernieSanders #TeflonHillary #CrookedHillary would not be an issue now #Fraud #Shame #Demexit
Hillarys new Mr. Clinton, bet you two get nasty!
Did U ask @HillaryClinton 2 return donations from #Mylan?
thank you!
ask your buddy's daughter to lower the price.
Hey Elizabeth i was wondering ,do u Hillary and Huma have lesbian 3 ways?
hILARY IS A FAR MORE THREAT THAN MYLAN
#ShutUpAndSitDown ...Frauds, one and all.
Scapegoating EpiPen, bad as it is, doesn't get you off the hook for destroying our healthcare system.
You got special places for Native Americans to teach at college so you could steal them.
Mylan's reply: Thanks for juicing our profits by passing the ACA!
Funny thing is that they are huge Democrat supporters. can't blame the GOP Lizzy
ask @POTUS or @HillaryClinton  For some of the cash back from Iran to lower cost. Dam u could give@the@ out free
THe CEO's statement "I'm running a bussiness" perfectly demonstrates the problem with our healthcare system.
Honestly, we no longer care what you think.
A letter?! What about a hashtag and maybe a whining fit sit-in? You're slipping, Tonto. Slipping!
@LouDobbs Maybe Hillary would've gone to Mexico if they made her $500K speaking fee.
CREDIT-u started setting bait after DNC & Trump kept nibbling. Today he GOT HOOKED & didn't see it coming - thank you
You failed because they are still charging 300.00. Crooked politicians. Step down.
you speak for all of us. NEVER give up the fight! Thanks for what you do! And oh yeah... #I'mWithHer
ask hillary they gave to her foundation
they are in the back pocket of Congress just like the NRA
pls
do you plan to send a letter to Obama about the price hikes in healthcare since Obamacare?
I'm sure your family gets them for free!
what a scam! You are ALLLLL alike! CROOKED
If reports are accurate that federal R&D $ led to the epicenter why and how were no rights to its control retained?

Why NOT ask Joe Manchin and Hillary about this?  They seem to have their hands in this heinous act! GO TO THE SOURCE
The daughter of your fellow senator @Sen_JoeManchin is responsible 4 it. But now the dems r on a warpath. Yeah right.
you can follow up with Novo Nordisk and Eli Lilly regarding fast acting insulins...
don't worry her dad will take care of it
they control you and all that Dems. Quit playing
generic? Give us a break! Allow Medicare and Medicaid to negotiate drug prices.
sent a letter? How about a Telephone? What'd they say? No real action
How about the #Obamacare price hike? Send a letter to yourself.  @Sen_JoeManchin aka #DaddyLiberal taught CEO.
"Nineteen of my Dem colleagues & I are retards." -@SenWarren @SenateDems
Go get 'em!
Hillary minimized Martin Luther Kings role In civil rights victories.
Big drug companies gave Crooked Hillary $600k while many die unable to afford medication
Thank you for being on top of this very important issue for so many everyday families!! 
Send one to Obama and ask why FDA is dragging its feet on approving a generic
Pass a law that would allow U.S. citizens to buy Canadian drugs. Prices will drop overnight.
You know how this works Ms. Warren. They do it because they can and congress allows it.
Its the failing of you all  the epipen and more is overpriced due to that bowing down to the contributor, not people
Price them in Canada.
Trump epipen made in Mexico
Did you send the letter to @Sen_JoeManchin as well - #WakeUpAmerica
you have failed in all ways. Please stop pushing your agenda and work for the future balance the budget
the answer is  there a couple of crooks taking  advantage  of the children  and poor
Why are you guys always asking questions AFTER the fact.  Be proactive for a change.
Wasn't Obamacare suppose to cut medical costs & insurance costs. Didn't happen. Only Democrats voted for Obamacare.
and why do other countries have more options to purchase this product from numerous companies and we don't?
the price hike is on the injector not even the medication it injects so...
@mrJackCalvert   You might want to talk to the CEO's Daddy.
send a letter to @HillaryClinton and tell her to step down
if I were them I would tell u its none of ur f***ing business
Should be easy as the CEO IS the daughter of DEMOCRATIC Senator Joe Manchin... just saying
Democrat and Hillary supporter. Surprised all 19 of you don't have her on speed dial.
company raises prices, Dems demand answers! Dems raise taxes, nothing to see here folks.
too bad you scuttled the candidacy of @BernieSanders.  He could have been the greatest "people" president in history.
here's hoping you can do something about it.
Joe Manchin sign letter?
the drug cos need to be reigned in, congressional hearings won't help, drug lobby too strong, only legis will work
oh! Wow elections are her let's get off our rear and do some busy work
drug prices in general are out of hand, a maintenance drug I take for COPD is  $300/100 w/o insur & I'm a Sr citizen.
the answer is simple great money off poor people. Rich gets richer.
@Donna_West @SenateDems Thank you
Did you send one to the "CLINTON FOUNDATION" that they donate to? 
Ask them what the deal is?
Was the distinguished DEMOCRATIC Senator from West Virginia sign the letter?
And why did it take you all so long to try to do something about this?
Thank you, @SenWarren, for the tireless work you do on behalf of the American people.  @SenateDems
Just call Hillary & you will be able to link increase to foundation contribution!
You are sooooo blind!
Pls no cosmetic actions, we need price regulations in medical and health system.
Please keep the pressure on until they cut the WHOLESALE PRICE to 1/5
We need single payer and we need our representatives to be the voice of collective bargaining, not the established!
how about getting some answers from @Aetna about their extortion of Judiciary with the merger?
letters do nothing.Why cant we just take them down? O wait.it's because they have too much poltical power.#corruption
Are you going to hector the FDA with demands for accountability?  http://www.wsj.com/articles/anaphylactic-political-shock-1472078239 …
Also check into the 400% increase in the cost of insulin in the last few years...
Go get em!!
Mylan can't hide behind R&D, branding cost. Drug already paid for w/ tax $. Cost hike is for massive CEO pay increase
wow ! A letter ... They must be shaking in their boots .   !
Mylan flat out lying by saying insurance will foot the increase. Users will see premiums and copays skyrocket.
Obama n Crooked Hillary is who took the check from those that rape America! Get real
Unfortunately there is no answer for pure greed. It is amoral at best and criminal extortion at worse.
I suppose you cant claim "free market" if you're just jacking the price up. Must be something else?
where do you stand @RoyBlunt ? @JasonKander , draw him out.
it proven that pharmaceutical companies have no morals and ethics.  It's time for are (cont) http://tl.gd/nmr96h 

why isn't it you and 40 @SenateDems ? That's half of them thinking it's okay for big pharma to control healthcare.
Why did the FDA not approve the generic from the israeli company.  Maybe there is something else going on?
is CEO of Mylan's father on list demoncrats policies ,Obamacare responsible for high price only rich get 2b healthy
THAT should do the trick. BTW I am still getting robo-calls from "Rachel."
Your agenda needs to be to change Mylan and others agenda.  You need legislation capping prices.
I suggest a 25% premium over rest of world average price.  #Mylan has no interest in anything other than max profit.

why only 19 ????? We want to know who didn't and why?
Talk to your fellow Democrat Senator's daughter and the Senator! Simple.
Here's the answer: it's their product and they can charge what the mkt will bear. Stop harassing business.
mrs. Warren that's correct keep them honest We the People rule not them
did you walk across the hall to @Sen_JoeManchin office
answer is brief: grid!
sorry, greed!!
Thought u would say something like...I am a new teacher & 19 of my students need an epipen this year. Lots of money.
enough of this price gouging.. help us please.
How about looking into regulations that limit competition or end banning drug imports from Europe?
Cost in Canada a little over a $100.00. Better qq question why is Big Pharma price gouging Americans
Answer...They give money to Clinton Foundation and have to make the money back. Clinton ripped them off and lied.
the pen exists due to free market system. Why don't you worry about overall economy & stop pretending you can run it.
Doesn't seem to matter. Nothing happened 2 M Shkreli when he raised prices. The price of that drug never came down.
create a problem, demand change...months later settle for payoff
SINGLE PAYER  is the only answer.!  @POTUS  @HillaryClinton @BernieSanders
You want a monopoly of medical services? Slave labor?
How about the back logged #FDA for approving generics and the astronomical costs. How about generics from OS US
Good for you!  Mylan is a symbol of all that is wrong with our healthcare system and the greed that controls it.
I'd like to ask @SenStabenow @SenGaryPeters WHY they aren't on board with you on this.. THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT
Canada sells it for $12 - why can't we?? Manchin's daughter need 19 MILLION per year?  NO
I'm sure Trump will do something about this. He'll put out the "Trump Epinephrine Auto-Injector".
Here's the complete text of William Jennings Bryan's epic speech: http://historymatters.gmu.edu/d/5354/ 
Mylan raised the price to make a ton of money and there's nothing you are going to do that will interfere with this
You're the best.
Big Pharma needs to be shut down! They're drug dealers and mass murderers. Period.
We need to unite to fight #BigPharma please help spread the message about http://pandahelps.com   So we can fight back.
.@SenWarren @SenateDems Call me cynical, but I'm guessing Manchin didn't sign.
Maybe you should also be asking about what a CEO does to earn $19M in salary & bonuses.
How is corporate greed explained?
Did u check the proper box ?
