and yet you and the Democrats have fired them and left them with no pensions and no insurance. #shame
are you disputing the fact that Democrats have a war on coal? Really?Rep have war on abortion,marijuana,regulations
ownership greed, so they shut down their coal plants because they wanted to make more money. I have no words for u.

@mch7576 Sorry Democrats, they just voted to shut off the benefits. Zero votes for Dems. Stupid is as stupid does.
The same coal miners who voted for @realDonaldTrump still need the Democrats to take care of the. Very sad.
Pretty sure Trump is going to save them. You'll see.
Excuse me while I hold my breath.
Take your time. We'll be right here.
tRump won't save anything. He will however, further enrich himself and and his bigot cronies. All hail the liar-in-chief.
says the guy who supports corrupt HRC, C Fnd, & lying traitor BHO. Such a fool. Sad.
you haven't a clue what your talking about. Stop watching Faux News, friend. You sound silly spouting such blatant lies.
We don't know each other and I don't care what you think.
follow the thread, friend, my comment was in reply to the other person.
yes mom! save the unions!
Says party that's made it a mission to put them totally out of work so they can live in servitude to welfare or starve. Thks D
Clinton wanted to bring in Green jobs to  the area as a replacement so it wouldn't be another Car industry death to areas and people!
The problem with green jobs is the cost vs demand. Without a huge demand the green jobs lose to much money.
Amoco/BP/Solvay was making Solar Panels before BUSH ran economy into the ground! It could easily do it again
and Hillary promised to put them out of work. You can stop pretending to care now.
I thought the republicans were for  "the people".They seem to use that phrase whenever they are trying to convince us their right
The Grand Old Bigots party is NEVER for the people. That rhetoric was always wrongly co-opted.
Your profile boasts offensive speech not tolerated but you have no problem using it. Liberal hypocrite.
no, my speech was not offensive. No profanity or disrespectful language was used. If you use it with me, we're done talking.
Calling people racist isn't offensive?
no, it certainly isn't. Just because you don't want to hear it doesn't make it offensive. If that shoe fits... #ResistTrump
so why is your party against coal miners?  Media has video stating this?  #stopflipping
You can support the workers & still want to phase out of an industry with horrible environmental & personal consequences.
we still need clean coal until renewables are a certainty of efficient energy. We are ways away from a 100% energy system.
"Clean" coal does not really exist. There r many alternatives better than coal, inc fracking.
clean coal does exist, I've been working in those systems i.e. Scrubbers for years
My understanding is that isn't hasn't worked well on a large scale. How much, %, CO2 is captured in your experience?
roughly 70-80% but some German outfits are saying 90%. But we have to deal with 10% efficiency drop in power output.
Like you give a damn about coal miners. It's your party's insane attack on the coal industry that has destroyed these miners.
I'm a Ga. Upper middle class MWW, we would of pressured Clinton to create Green Jobs Miners area to avoid Car Industry History! Benefits All
... while at the same time the @EPA has undermined this promise by regulating the industry to death
Several months ago Mr. Trump made promises to miners in WV as well. Maybe he should remind his GOP cronies of same.

you don't care. You care about seeming 'caring' for the 'people', so you can fulfill your own ego and 'destiny'
Shock, Shock, I actually agree with you on this.
Are YOU going to fight for them, for their pensions, for their health? Be the one!
I think that's what she's saying she's going to do?
Warren agrees with Trump.
Heakth insurance and pensions, but no jobs because you want to close them down. Priceless.
Unless of course it was just another of his phony promises! Get the job done before break Congress
unless you do something positive about it then why bring it upx
because she is doing something positive?
Majority would of made sure Coal Dying Industries had Green Jobs in area to avoid Car Industry Repeat while benefiting Planet & it's People!
Should be included in the price of coal and Federal workers including Sen. & Cong. all should be under reg.Soc.Sec and Medicare.
Our government made promises to seniors and all they get are Medicare cuts and little, if any, cost of living increases to SSI !
not unlike all the promises/treaties made by the Federal government to the Native Americans!  Scandalous!!!
That was stupid. Market was already compensating them for risk. More gov't picking winners/losers ending poorly. End the cycle.
Announcing my candidacy for 2nd district Massachusetts United States of America in 2018.
Pull em outta the mines, train em, and get em to work on building solar and wind farms. Get us off fossil fuels & keep em working
Yes they did.  Problem is they didn't foresee Republican willingness to take it away!
With Trump and his gang, forget unions, forget promises.
a year ago Hillary want to put all miners out of business if I recall
how can our own government be so cruel and cold hearted? They need to keep up with their promise and pay the fine workers of US!
jesus - we have much bigger problems right now. Please fight to stop Trump becoming inaugurated. Otherwise all fights are lost.
Huge mistake @SenWarren - promises from gov don't mean we should actually do anything

If that were true native Americans would be in charge
Your governing vision is 2 represent only captive Democratic constituencies. U r about power personal accumulation, not America
. @SenWarren Thats all this senator cares about "union" her state ignores working class in crony crooked Massachusetts 
NO VOICE AT ALL
why is this commitment even up for debate. they paid their debt. now lets pay ours to them.
they're all dead so let's move on.
What the hell? Republicans are blocking extension of funding for coal miners through yesterday.  Huh?
U and your hero Obummer has destroyed that promise..
means Nothing as us common lit'l ppl have lived 2 witness
And in return the miners vote for Trump & GOP and screw themselves.
Sorry but they voted for Trump and put our lives at risk - especially by repealing Obamacare. No sympathy from me.
.@SenWarren GOP loves coal and coal company owners, just couldn't care less about coal miners. Seems like true for a lot of industry.
Alsoto Social Security recipients.  Money was taken by Feds and never repaid.  Why not? What are you doing about this robbery?
And Hillary, along with the rest of you Dems, were behind shutting down the coal industry resulting in thousands of jobs lost.
The govt also said we could keep our doctors with the new healthcare program in 2010.
FINE drop regulations let coal compete and lose to bettering energy choices winners and losers don't cry
where've ya been?!?!
the government promised health care to vets too, fix it, cut support to illegals or import less refuges.
We owe them that debt, same as our soldiers. We also owe them education & training in renewable energy, to get away from coal.
and now you support making it more difficult for coal to be cultivated by said miners via climate change based regulations. Sham.
Govt made a promise with Social Security; it's an entitlement meaning "This Bill Must Be Paid." #StopGuttingSocialSecurity
wow!  That was 70 years ago.  A lot has changed in 70 years.  
You need to get a new outlook on this country.
Please run in 2020
In spite of HRC efforts. She's just deplorable.
senator if the reports r true about the Russians and the hacks of the RNC & the DNC but helped trump get elected what can we do?
Now we need clean renewable energy.
then Obama and the democrats turned their back on those same coal miners.
hell give them obama care you helped kill there jobs now obama and dems should give them obcare for free o its no good neather
the dems and sen. Warren sends more money over seas to other countries. Than what they want to give our people y America first
if we did not have to take care of every body from other countries we could take care of our people much more than ever but dems
they would have jobs and health ins. If dems and this edit would not have taken there jobs away with global warming bullshit
@MAHAMOSA They should have taxed coal companies to pay for it. They should pay a special tax to cover expense.
the current congress was not even born 70 years ago. The 1% wants more money. It is a game to them who can put do the other
why did't you say this 6 years ago?
same was promised to police officers! See where that got them....now they are ambushed in their cars!
see who really sticks up for white male blue collar worker. You guys supported the wrong person
that's rich. Pochahontas all of a sudden cares about coal miners. She just hates coal jobs
don't forget about all the union workers who lost jobs at Clark Cutler McDermott in MA.
same unions who were against the affordable Care act?
what about promises to our vets? They sit and wait months for medical help. Many die suicide. Maggots because VA hospitals fail
this was reported by the CIA! Sorry, sure you are aware of this.
so if, as the Washington Post reported, Russia specifically tried to influence this election, shouldn't something be done?
I'm sorry Senator But they voted for that Idiot and put the very people that want to hurt them back in office now let them stew
Keep govts' feet 2 the fire; those miners deserve every penny of health insurance & pensions; often, states try 2 take it away !
But you and your leftist cronies killed the coal business BUTCH
@joanwalsh The govt. also made a lot of promises to Native Americans. Same result.
fraud
Is Mitch hiding. These people always vote against their interest.
@joanwalsh they vote republican, dems shouldn't be going to bat 4 them. Screw'em.
I thought I heard @realDonaldTrump say he was gonna save the coal industry that Hillary was gonna eliminate. A ploy for votes?
and 8 years ago libtards stole their jobs
US didn't keep its promises to #NativeAmericans
But they hate gov't + voted against gov't. Time for some personal responsibility - u get what u vote for, or against
republicans don't care about people like them
how many republicans are with the Dems fighting to continue their health insurance & pensions? Put the names on BLAST
its a shame that politions  dont work for the people anymore , myself being an indian if we have an elder who lies to us we thro
they also made promises 2 Native Americans,those aren't doing so well either @billmckibben @MarkRuffalo @shailenewoodley #NoDAPL
@joanwalsh Trump and GOP want to put coal miners back to work but don't want to pay them as usual.
and then the 2016 democrat nominee promised to put coal miners out of business. How times have changed.
she said policies and competition put miners out of work and we should have plan to help them coal can't compete
@joanwalsh Why does anyone care about coal miners? They wanna be abused. Let them die.
@joanwalsh   GOP breaks promises except to GOP
I know you've never heard it, but the word you can't understand is "sacrifice". @realDonaldTrump
Where's Trimp?!?! @realDonaldTrump
The "gov" (read Republicans) is about to renege on a lot of promises they made to the American public about healthcare.
I wonder if Melania moved to DC the savings would pay some miners' healthcare?
so did our Military and they get frucked every fricking day!
Up until 43 years ago, the US Constitution promised to protect life...
Miners had so much hate 4 the 1st AA POTUS they voted against their own interest. U've been played
8 years ago your ignorant party set out to destroy the coal industry; go back to your tee pee and burn wood warren you fool.
And?
it wasnt the unions that gave coal miner a higher standard of living...
funny you act like you care about coal miners.
Didn't @HillaryClinton promise to shut down the coal industry?  Get a grip, try and not be a party hypocrite every tweet
Did you say "Govt made a promise" 
Eleven years ago the Senate was seriously considering changing the name of the Russell Office Bld.  Status report?
they should keep voting republicon, how is that working for them?
Hypocritical 1%-er, cultural appropriator, barely won your seat in the People's Republic of Mass despite millions in outside cash
He probably doesn't like folks w/black lung disease any more than he likes people who get captured by the enemy.
And the GOP in its selfish do nothing 4 the people way has broken that promise. I read about the failed Democrat extension rider.
@odeedee
gop doesn't keep promises to working class. Just top 1 %
Doesn't honoring your word mean anything anymore?
wondering what planet you were on when Obama shut them down. Now you want to be their savior. Liar
looks like a good opportunity to switch to nuclear
Guess minors are getting a taste of what Am INs and AAs have experienced for hundreds of years. This time at the hands of GOP.
suddenly you love fossil fuel after you lost the Coal Miner's votes @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls
Well I guess this is what happens when you back the wrong horse and vote against your own interests. Idiots.
yeah but only promises to rich people can't be broken.
whoops.
Please stop tweeting old lady we don't want to hear,you,you're  a sell-out, please stop tweeting.
No, we do want to hear her, it's you we don't want to hear. @SenWarren
I know you enjoy listening to propaganda at one time she told the truth, but now she lies, (new job as senator
tRump has never told the truth, and lies today. (gets a new job as Liar-in-Chief). #ResistTrump
Too late he's commander and chief,of Free World I mean world, thats the reason we need to keep him on his toes with Twitter.
I'll be right there with you!
thank you you're a good man thank you for following me
Trump will say Obama/Clinton didn't make a good deal for the US. His supporters, including some miners, will agree.
Who is paying for Mr. Trumps "thank you" tour? Curious
I was wondering the same!
Who is paying for Mr. Trumps "thank you" tour? Curious
the government should have no role in this shit
failing nuclear power infrastructure is putting us all in danger Trump will take care of miners Leaking nuclear waste on site MA
Quit with the offensive ethnic jokes. You're obviously immature and arrogant. Grow up, and stop watching Faux News.
so what do we do now that we shouldn't be mining coal? Universal income?
Watching the Senate Dems kicking butt for the common man on CSPAN2. Keep up the great work.
Gov. promises.
