we should also teach kids about the soft racism of lying about their ethnicity for personal gain
Warren is the one that needs evidence, for she identified as Native American when applying for work.
Once Warren provides this info, I'm sure some Native Americans on campus & in Boston will be happy.
Warren is not special. She cannot claim minority status without being able to prove it. #Sorry
my parents taught me how to "survive" the police too. they said keep my hands in sight and don't resist. not a racial issue idiot
we see videos because it boosts media ratings, and controversy sells, even though, once again, not a race issue.
you are just feeding the flames of racial tension, and exploiting another dead black man for political gain
it's exactly that attitude that's getting people killed. Parents raising their kids to hate and fear cops accomplishes nothing!
most? where is the source
Source right here. She is correct.
explain
Every black parent I know including myself are talkin to each other to decide the best way to explain to our kids+
Black Lives Murder.
Eggs are void here. Opinions from actual human beings only, thanks.
You don't think that black kids are afraid of police becuz of racist comments by their parents their friends or from criminals?
The whole police system it dirty. So called bad cops stand up for the bad. They are accessories to crime. We all suffer.
my son's best friend is black,  I always have that fear in the back of my head. It's not ok. What can we do????
maybe you didn't get the memo but the laws don't apply to everyone anymore
huh have you ever had to pull a car over?  Have you ever dealt with youth of today?  Oh wait nope your holed up in your mansion
fee as I do not have all the facts.  As a senator she should wait and not assume what is not known
: So we have to support black parent's narrative about police based on a minority of the police?  Isn't that prejudice?
All parents need to teach their children to respect the law. Too many instill hate of all law & it's passed thru generations.
Most Cops are good people! Wow, do you have a number on the value of "Most". You are the problem Senator and not the solution!
all should teach kids how to act with police. You are part of the problem
this idea that black people r the only ones to have "the talk" is ridiculous! My dad had it with me and I to my son! Obey police
how about helping cops survive the "BLM" violence towards them? You speak out of both sides of your mouth. Typical liberal fraud
LESSON: How to survive "POLICE." Be kind, courteous, & COMPLY with the Officer's instructions! Some1 Get the Sen an EASY Button
@Brasilmagic Most is not good enough. This is their professional job. More ongoing mental health checks are needed and dismissals
if black kids didn't try to fight back they wouldn't die
I trust the police more then Elites like yourself. Democrats have done very little to help AA.
BLM should turn on Democrats
I'm a black parent that had THAT talk with my son 30 yrs ago. It was painful that I had to do it. I felt like crap.
that's the kind of talk that are getting the police disrespected and killed you are a bad example
Most cops are good people doing an incredibly difficult job.  there are bad people in every profession; even politics. Know any?
If most were good this wudnt be happening! Most are rotten with a few good 1s that will eventually rot with the rest!
prosecute the killer cops now! Stop distracting voters by praising "good cops" as if we should be content w/ those!
What about schools teaching children of police 'white guilt' as part of common core principles ?
I taught my adult children about your lies to MA voters and Harvard, #powwowchow & your connection with George Soros. #DumpWarren
I disagree. If most #police are good disparity would disappear. I still believe u have good intentions
they should be teaching their kids to follow rules and laws from a young age. Personal responsibility!!!
@JaneVoter 

And Palestinian kids to survive Israeli occupation force.
Indeed, but behavioral techniques a bandaid in expunging bigotry, only getting to the taproot will change it.
some politicians are good but we must teach our children to see threw the bullshit that most of you all spew!
Wait for the music and bouncing ball. #ZeroSec #ZeroSellOuts https://www.rappad.co/rap/297965 
#ZeroSec #ZeroIsrael
But how do we survive Sellouts? https://www.minds.com/archive/view/597201114584064012 … #ZeroSec
.@SenWarren @tovfegh 
We will not know if there are good cops or not until we change racist policies that result in daily abuse & trauma.
My city, May, young black drugdealer, known by police, reported to have gun by black neighbor. White policeman took bullet, died
White policeman who was killed, well-known& loved by mixed race communty he served. Basketball Tuesday nights w/ inner city kids
you really are one if the dumbest individuals ever to walk this planet...
That bcuz u ppl hav blacks under ur thumb-u make them rely on u 4 sustenance instead of believing in themselves. U R THE ENABLER!
so very sad but true
The test is very accurate takes three hours to complete..weeds out FREAKS quietly!!
If POLICE DEPT. used THE MINNESOTA PERSONALITY TEST a test large companies use to determine who you really are.. NO NUTCASES!
@auntbec15 The ugly truth is the terrible disparity in a land of wealth
have you taken a look at the black on black killings in Chicago?  It starts at home!  No one talks about that.
Maybe they should teach them to obey the law first. Jackass.
no tweets about the dead cops or about the hundreds shot and killed in Chicago this year. Thanks for the stump speech
no folks do not. Folks have rights & police will not violate them. A badge does not grant permission to do what they want
no ma'am, that is what YOU do.
i dont have to listen to them. Thats what u dont get.
It seems clear that some cops are getting away with murder. A good cop doesn't let his coworker commit murder. #blacklivesmatter
I want to hear what you have to say now Warren! Look what you enticed by endorsing BLM. Ignorant Racist against your own color!
How do you feel about promoting Hatred for cops & endorsing BLM today Warren?
You should just say it bluntly; Most cops are good, but these cops were horrible. #blacklivesmatter
color has nothing to do with this issue
"good" cops defend murderous cops. It's a brotherhood.  All it takes for evil to triumph is that good men do nothing.
#Dallas you incited. You are responsible
Kissing the ass of Black folks won't make u any more black than ur invisible high cheekbone made you Native America. <coughLoser>
@simplyingrid Teach your kids right from wrong and most of these so called problems will fade away.
it's been ignored since Reconstruction so don't pretend like a few more dead negros matter to any of the 3 branches.
How about the ugly reality of thugs in the hood #bluelivesmatter  unless you're Elizabeth Warren
black people are responsible for most of the murders in USA yet represent small portion of population.
love you Senator Warren, pls be our next VP
parenting is the key; family structure; kids who respect themselves respect others. Most cops are good. A few are not
... You take stupid to a new level, my Indian friend.... Lol
2x as many whites, compared to blacks, are killed by cops--even though whites commit only 10% of violent crime.
.@SenWarren Most people are good people, but you never hear prosecutors start with that sentiment when trying a murder?
.@SenWarren Why do you need to qualify your statement with "most cops are good"... There's a problem out there & it's ok to admit it.
@m_millsey It's not just a black problem. I worry abt my kids having a bad encounter w/police, too.  And I used to be in law enf
I think most cops are basically not good people and the "good" ones are few and far between.
in that regard cops are just like you politicians. Only out for themselves, no one else counts for shit. #notfooledbyyourBS
Most?, what type of survey did you take?
@BoingBoing show ONE COP who has testified against a fellow cop and I'll believe u. Until then they ARE JUST ANOTHER STREET GANG
we listen to hate talk that make people feel fear reacting as they do. Until we change our teaching, this will only continue
@oromboona Really America must stop this white police officer madness now. Pair up Black cops with White 4 call of Black peoples
correct. Just like in any profession, it's their obligation to weed out the racist bad apples. Period.
bad apples soil the whole bunch
@SenWarren
And maybe they should not sell black market CD's outside a convenience store.  He waived a gun and a 911 call followed
Sen. My 23 yo is white but I constantly caution him abt dealing w/police. I know black parents are terrified because I am.
fuck that bullshit. they're ALL bad until they weed out the shit. period.
comment ignored because poster is mentally handicapped
most Black people are good people too, Senator Warren. Send a message to law enforcement officials saying such!
I understand your reason for kindness, but blacks have been have been killed for 100's. Only Capital punishment will change it.
will you support contract reforms to make it easier for the PD and local govts to fire bad cops?
Justified fear of police has not improved in the 60 years I've been aware if it. @SenWarren
All cops should have extensive evaluation to ensure they are fit to serve. Root out systemic racism. #blacklivesmatter
If only @realDonaldTrump & Republicans cared as much about investigating deaths as they do emails @HFA #blacklives matter.
But Senator, how do we teach them not to be black?  How do we escape our skin? Cams or no cams- gun or no gun...we're dead.
If cops have unrestricted guns & power, police ought to have guts to release killers' names & badges. #blacklivesmatter
@stephenmcramer And white folks should be teaching their kids how to survive stupidity ...
@DaHalperin And cops who "look the other way" are complicit @lasvegasfriend @GlenFordBAR @bwitanek
stop providing them with military weapons and training. The buck stops with people like you, please help
The crooks and garbage far out number the few police that you are referring toWe need the police we DO NOT NEED YOU and your crap
we need to find a way to weed out those that are common garbage, how and when do we start that process?
stats show twice as many whites are killed by cops annually. Why only the coverage & outrage for blacks
Jesus, why did you not run for President! You are the only one who gets it!
If most cops r good then y do they not push out the bad cops?
why are all the good cops Always silence.
Apparently not enough good ones, who know how to properly conduct a street stop with common sense and humanity.
Comey, If someone did what Clinton did will not qualify be a FBI agent(Hillary Clinton shouldn’t be allowed to run for president)
You say "most cops are good ppl", if so why do they allow the murderous "bad" ones to keep doing what they do?? #blacklivesmatter
why dont black lives stop breaking the damn LAWS! Then they wont be approached by the cops...shoot imagine that
you support Hillary, time to unfollow you. Fake.
Then those good people should call out their own, or they're exactly the same.
well Liz tell these good cops to speak up for what is right and just!!! 
If you look the other way while other cops r harassing & violent 2wards minorities both physically & verbally, u r not a good cop
WHAT IF they taught their kids to "respect" police? 
@couronnedor my parents are both cops I'm pretty sure they're good people my dad saved a black guys life but ok 
#blacklivesmatter
Single black parents do. Which is the entire reason the demographic has a crime problem
Even good cops take advantage of their position. We need nationwide reform. Law enforcement should be held to a higher standard.
those racist cops should be tried for murder. Sentencing: clean out toilets in the ghettos for 50 years.
ok "most cops"  are what exactly?   Can't we discuss facts without prefacing it with PS nonsense or feelgood generalities?
Their (LE) Silence Is Their(LE) Acceptance #RottenToTheCore
http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/402521/doc-26-white-supremacist-infiltration.pdf …
It has been this way since the 60s it's publicized more cause of social media. The truth is coming out n scary for ppl of color
most Senators are good ppl except for you race-baiting and hate mongering
Many cops raised on Hill Street Blues: "It's a jungle out there." Implying uncivilized bad guys (blacks) can't be reasoned with.
lt would  help if media also taught good behavior. Movies & TV - how role models treat police. Not all on parents shoulders
I don't believe all cops are bad but I would feel better if I knew they all under went frequent drug testing.
the ultimate horror will be the percieved need for every American to "carry".  Cops will be forced to shoot first.
NRA=CASHCOW
not true!!! You are the one spreading this bullshit!!
cops get mad and they get scared that they will be shot and then over react. What can we do about it???
Since most cops remain silent (or actively lie) when their colleagues repeatedly break the law, most cops are NOT good people.
they need to teach them right from wrong. What consequences are for breaking the law
@SenWarren
the silence and inaction of "good cops" means that there are no good cops.
"Surviving" in one simple lesson: Don't resist arrest.
This is bullSenator..All Cops Are Bad...They stand by and do nothing when they know their coworkers are sociopaths with badges
really simple. Don't fight the police and they won't fight you. Don't break the law and they will leave u alone.
Nan cops if they cannot be trusted! Just like guns!
Good cops should be speaking out against bad cops. I don't see that happening. Where are they, these good cops?
no.
I would believe that if more good cops spoke out about these murders.
sharing another perspective in growing up...it's very very insightful 
https://youtu.be/Us70DN2XSfM 
"good people" must speak out.. including all the 'good' cops who witness these too often repeated scenarios. #Enough
I teach my son not all cops r bad. I still have to train him how to respond. White parents never have 2, they think al cops good.
When police have no accountability abuses and murders will continue
#PC IGNORANCE!
Most good cops need to turn in the bad cops.while some good politicians expose the bad ones & make change happen. Accountability
. @SenWarren Where are these "good ppl" you speak of when these crimes are committed by their colleagues? Where is their courage&conscience?
it appears that Philando Castile followed the *survival playbook* it didn't matter to this cop #nowwhat
It's so easy to talk from where you sit. Until you walk in their shoes you'll never have any idea. Get real, talk is just noise
You are so right. 1 bad cop is 1 to many.
Not sure what will haunt me more-The sound of a 4yr old consoling her mommy or how calm they were. Like they "knew the routine".
Pandering and speeches haven't work, ever. Do you have anything else to offer? No? Okay we'll move on to those that can
Good people who are sworn to uphold the law unless it's one of their own... We need to redefine good people.
Exactly!
The other reality is that police seem to be afraid of those they are sworn to protect and that fear is magnified by their culture
@HTownGay They are coming for EVERYBODY hunty.
that man was MURDER IN COLD BLOOD, WHEN IS THE GOVERNMENT GOING TO GO INTO THESE STATES AND PROSECUTE THESE COPS#BlacklivesMatter
That's very sad and needs to be addressed urgently.
"Most cops are good ppl." I am starting to think this is not the case.
then the good cops need to start calling out the bad ones.  I have co worker performance reviews why don't the police?
when you write shit like this it gives cops who harass black people space to think "oh, I'm just one of the good ones"
most cops are not good people.
1) Don't break the law
2) When an officer tells you to do something, comply.
Screw that!!! It happens ALL THE TIMES!! WE ARE TIRED!!!!
and police make mistakes when scared for their lives! A horrible mistake we must find a way to eliminate. #blacklivesmatter
Do the concealed carry and open carry laws include Black men? Obviously not!
you have lost your moral authority
good cops don't let bad cops stay on the force, yet they do.
please be the accept the VP slot we need u #BlackSkinIsNotACrime #blacklivesmatter
most cops are SILENT....   that is NOT good.
preach
I am a grandmother of 8 grandsons it scares me to think this could happen to them.
it doesn't matter if you are polite they will still shoot our children.
that's right Senator, NOT TERRORISTS, BUT POLICE!
I know ur intent is good, but "good cops" whatever that means, can still be afraid of black bodies.
@KaseyBoes, Dear Elizabeth Warren, You give me hope.
We MUST ensure all police are wearing body cameras! Enough killing African Americans in this country by police! #BlackLivesMatter
.@SenWarren thank you for acknowledging us. 

And she aint runnin for shit.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/prohibit-carrying-firearms-non-federal-law-enforcement-officers-engaged-patrol-duty …

