@GGG_says and maybe you should have supported #Bernie when it mattered instead of letting #HRC destroy the #DemParty #DemExited
we all failed!!
it's so disheartening. #HRC destroyed the #DemParty & with it much of our faith in the broken 2party system.
destroyed? She won the popular vote by 2,8M votes, the electoral map destroyed us!
It did not destroy you it represented the will of all the states equally, educate yourself then accept the facts, reality and reason.
well stated. I agree More people trust #Trump than #Hillary who #riggedPrimary
I trust that Trump will make it easier for corporations and the rich to benefit from the average American's misfortune.
I agree. But unlike #Hillary we know he won't lie to us about it. The #lesserEvil is still #evil but4yrs of her voice =PureHell

And you charge 400k to teach one class at Harvard!!! Sure you really care about students' loans. Hypocrite !
Trump in power I lose $1,000 per month EARNED in benefits. Will lose $500+ SS Disability & -$500+ if Medicare Voucherized =$1000
We need more than just words Elizabeth-figure out who you serve soon because we for sure will.
Is Trump narcissistic

Almost as bad as Trump stealing from the students of his "university." Oh wait, not even close.
That's what I'm afraid of - the kind of "solutions" that regime will establish.


by the way, who is forgiving & paying then?  Who who who?  We you fool. The govt is not a funds creator or payer in first place
oh right!
Yes please! 
Forgiving a loan and paying taxes is generous as hell. You're a twisted puke. Individual responsibility mean ANYTHING to you? NO
what do you have to say about plans to pass laws to microchip the mentally ill in America? Who's next to be microchipped
according to you politicians? The homeless? Veterans? The elderly? The disabled? Women?
It is heartbreaking to work side by side with college graduates who work more than one job while they suffer to pay student loans
I think you saddled the GOP with enough problems terrorism wars healthcare race relations
stop bringing in all the refugees that cost$$ and give it to the people of this country who are here no more refugees
Senator Warren, Did you fight this hard for the home owners being taxed after foreclosed homes and short sales?
I hope you are the first swamp creature drained. Take you buddy Soros with you!
They signed the loan.. they pay. Like my mortgage. forgive shit. We will revolution your ass, if they do.


how would that help a billionaire?  Loser
sure just as soon as we end 3 wars create jobs and provide safety from terrorism. You know priorities
I'm on SSDI. If no routine $ transfer to SSDI shortfall I lose $500+ a month. Medicare voucherized -$500+ total lose -$1,000 HELP
Oh, there U go. Ur precious obama won't do what U tell him so now U think Trump should listen. but U hate Trump & R disrespectful
lol, you are a joke. All you do it complain, complain, complain
Haha!  You're acting like @realDonaldTrump cares about America. If he can't sell it, or rent it out,  he has no interest in it.
Loving how you put the responsibilities of condescending Liberals squarely on the shoulder of the one they oppose.
Forgiven debt is known by most CPAs and lawyers as "income" that is not exempt @mike_pence @Reince @SpeakerRyan @StephenBannon
Seems all Dem reps AND independents better start fighting him before we all die.
Sen Pocahontas, TRAITOR 
https://youtu.be/RPySqqMNVNw 
when will you stop talking about nonsense and call out Trump for pure treason? Aren't you a democratic leader?
Professors are paid too much. Anyone who receives $350,000 for teaching one class should give back at least $325,000.
you have 54 submissions.  How many of those submissions are valid?
great man for that oversight committee
As my senator can you not request/demand that Trump reveal taxes as may be connections to Russia?
@SIMASTRGrace ....I LOVE that you're fighting for folks, but outgoing Obama Admin must "pick & choose battles" carefully.
Cyber Terrorist Attack by Turks! Three hundred turks had attacked one American girl, only for her connection with me in Turkey
is donald trump is russian spy?
please run in 2020, love to see trump beat u down like he did Hillary
Not going to happen Communist! You get loans you pay the bill NOT the Tax payers!!!
Isn't it fairly standard for forgiven loans to be taxable income? @beardedmiguel

@JoeBiden @NancyPelosi we’re going to have an old folks’ home. We’ve got EWarren 71 Biden 78. BernieS 79 ' #SenHarryReid
Can ANYONE tell me HOW the media & T supporters KNOW that Russia DID NOT succeed in meddling with our election???
do you have any information as to Ryan cutting social security?
#1 ? why not forget the forgiven part & call it PAY OFF YOUR DEBTS WHINERS...problem solved or maybe u can buy into this group
petty Tom petty
Please, Senator Warren, let the Trump Admin be nonexistent, or as short as possible.
Give up your seat.

Debt cancellation is income under the tax code. It's bad enough they are not paying their debts!
Dems are as guilty as any group of sucking SS revenue to cover outrageous GOV mismanagement. You are a big spender and guilty!
Dems forgot Middle USA and now you cast aside those of the Jewish Faith. The betrayal of Israel will not be forgotten. Shameless!
Putin is also Slav race. That's why hated by capitalist from the west.
Let Donald be reminded.
DJT's wife is Slav race=serf=servants to feudal lords. So are present day Russians as all royalty had left post1917 rev.
Democrats must take the lead in promoting legislation even if it doesn't pass. Show voters what Dems stand for! #DemsStandUpNow
yes but honestly how likely is that? Cf: Trump U fiasco settled for a fraction & nowhere near enough to pay off their edu loans.
congress needs to pay back all the money the stole from ssi.
I touched Trump's leg. He touched my heart 
#Christmasaftermath
please fight for this

Merry Christmas And keep up the good work
Are you still sure Trump won't be president, Pocahontas? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyEXshBOwEU …
Why?
Yah, sure they will. If you Dems don't prevent/stop Trump there will be civil war. Liberals are ANGRY!!!!!!!
the only SS that the Trump admin will work on behalf of carries two dancing cartwheels on its sleeve.
right!
Does that benefit billionaires? If not, well...
*Should,* but *won't!*
this is great and all, but kinda pissed me off that I busted my ass to pay mine off.
that's better senator. It's so easy. By mentioning that trump could do something that Obama can't, makes u a uniter cuz ur lib
Pocahontas what other great ideas do u have?  How about abusing affirm action to gain unfair advantages?  Sound good Pocahontas?

I never agree with you but on this I do Obama is busy creating landmines for US but should be working for the benefit of citizens
The incoming administration will exploit situations like this now that it's won. Lots of expensive promises were made. Need money
good
LOL
hahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
W/all due respect-don't hold your breath...NOT a priority for him.
What about us that worked hard to pay our own off? Maybe you should look at regulating chancellors 6 digit wages to keep cost low
Looks like Trump will have to fix a lot of obama screw ups! Obama too busy vacationing in Hawaii on taxpayers money to work!
when pigs fly or money grows on trees or when hell freezes over
how are dems letting a Trump presidency happen. He basically just called for a nuclear war. The same time Putin did.
Why don't you pay their taxes?
socialism is only for the socialist not the people. The money will soon run out and then we are Venezuela
work to pay for your kids school. Don't rely on other peoples money to pay 4 your kid.  Snowflakes have 2 work 4 what they want
so the people that work hard & take care of their kids college now have to pay 4 people that don't feel like paying 4 kids school
Why don't you as a senator try to introduce some legislation to try to get things done instead of blaming obama or trump.
instead, with ur vigorous spirit, find ways 2 ban gluten from US foods. PPL shouldn't be made to eat more in order to spend more.
Need to address student debt in general.  Big problem for students and parents.  We are now college poor.  Costs keep rising!!
I agree Senator Warren, but I shan't hold my breath!  Maybe if the college students were millionaires he would help them!
We need real help with our student loans, Senator. There is a solution...lower interest rates! Forgive the debt! Help to free us!
Why don't we give ea 1  1 mill to spend as they please. Would not be nice  to tell them how to spend our I mean their money
Give Trump hell .
.@SenWarren
Senator Warren,
Did you ever notice what was intentionally omitted from the 16th Amendment?
talk to your boy, oh wait he has not done anything in 8 years
@tinadeerhunted write the new law. That is your job.
We must resolve the student loan crisis in 2017 and I know the impossibility of what I'm saying.
You realize the state and fed govt places tax on military bonuses and student loan payments...called incentives, retention bonuse etc...
Idea: Tell Trump that doing this would ruin lives, and he'd be "Making America Great Again" bigly with it.

somethong rotten here . Email hacks ,fbi timing, trump n sec of state Russia connections . Take the lead ms Warren n dont give up
Good luck w/that!
Trump has many, many big messes to clean up from obama, hope the voters drain you from the swamp as well.
You are such a hypocrite. You supported Hillary who was in bed with Wall Street. Forget 2020. 
trump says one thing does another,  we're screwed unless presd n congress eject him out conflicts
Obama doesn't give a rat's ass about student loans, the VA, or a host of other things he could have fixed in last 8 years.
That's hilarious. Best of luck.
why is the interest on student loans over 6%? Lower the interest rate to help these kids out.
I don't mean to sound cynical, but I am
not a chance that will happen
Thank you for this fight, Senator.  Have a cousin whose mom died if ALS..he had to pay her loans after death.
: Don't hold your breath waiting for SLEAZY @realDonaldTrump to do the humanitarian thing.
Good luck with that. 
what the incoming POTUS "should do" and what he "will do" are polar opposites, sadly.
will someone take idiot elects twitter account away before he gets us all killed.
PAHAHAHAHA yeah sure!
Don't hold your breath.
Say WHAT??? Fat chance of Trump doing that!
- Then you'll have to start talking nice, e.g., "excuse me, please, thank you", etc.
How do you get one "forgiven" Was yours?
Why shouldn't they be taxed for all the free money they received from taxpayers like myself?
we need more. A student loan overhaul.
Lizzy go smoke a peace pipe somewhere on a reservation in Mid West with lots of snow and no wood for heating or cooking 
# The gift that keeps on giving Senator Fauxcahontas!
a lot of should's when it comes to trump and GOP..about as likely as trump producing tax report before taking oath
don't hold your breath
Trump will find a solution. Prepare to be amazed.
They never will. Reps are fine with $$ in their pockets at the expense of the elderly and the disabled. Always have, always will.
What? Say it isn't so?  Obama not doing what you want? Why should we eat the costs on defaulted loans? Obama cares for his own.
Good luck with that idea.
better talk to Ryan he seems to block everything!
The only solution that they will bring is looting the safety net.
I adore and support you, but I'm thinking we can dream on
as a super sharpe and experienced US Senator, you obviously know that there are more ubiquitous policy to focus on, right?
how about you and the rest of Congress do your jobs for a change. The outgoing potus could care less. Try & work with new admin.
Obama could have solved this along time ago. Failure of leadership. Now it's Trump's problem?
.  How can you contemplate any sanity from Trump? Impeach him before he kills America off.  Seriously.
don't worry. Trumpsky's fascist buddies will start euthanizing us just like the nazis did in 1939.
Couldn't people like you teach a class and take a smaller salary???? You do make 400k for teaching one class!!!!
We need Democrat & Independents to get out and vote. Take back the house & senate
when. Next week? LOL
should direct demands towards colleagues since,as I'm sure the Senator is aware, Congress writes laws, executive enforces.
Duh,Isn't this up to congress to make the changes.
well if this can be done by the current administration why wait for the incoming Trump administration
how do you make this statement as though life is just normal?!?
And Trump won't.
Do you have the courage to state your position on the the UN condemnation of Israel and the US vote abstention?
@POTUS Help Our Seniors!!!

Loan was forgiven. Why shld the tax on benefit also be. Can't most people afford the taxes? Perhaps forgive for government serv only?
Holding one's breath on this one would mean a trip to the ER Senator
please do not suspend the rule of law for Trump. If he hasn't divested from his businesses, charge him for violating Emoluments C
lol
Girl, Trump does not give a single f*** about our seniors. Let's not pretend otherwise.
. @SenWarren I actually snorted out loud when I saw this.
good luck with that. Anything for anyone struggling isn't part of his agenda. He doesn't have any empathy
exactly what can he do now, he still have the same Congress he has had for the last 8 years, aka the do nothing Congress.
you think trump is gonna do a damn thing. You had 8 years and you didn't. What makes u think he would care at all.
@GetBZLiving Now, Sen. Warren, you and I both know Trump won't do a darn thing to help out the American ppl. We need y'all!
and in the past 8 years she has done what?
EVERY US CITIZEN KNOWS REPUBLICANS SPENT THE PAST 6 YEARS BLOCKING PROGRESS IN THE US.
not the point. What has SHE done?
I'm sure you are aware that HRC was not an elected official the past 4 years
are you illiterate? Who mentioned Killary?
who mentioned idiot. What happens in the next 7 to 9 months w/trump & GOP will change US
months? LOL
w/respect r u kidding me w this? Obama admin has bigger things to do right now like concentrate on ways to block an  buffoon
