Hillary's emails has destroyed any confidence,trust of democrats,media,FBI,DOJ destroys anything she touches
only for the haters...trump is trash
I'm not a hater I believe in truth,facts,reality Hillary is a criminal,liar she will finish off America
no proof...gop bs
read any of the emails? destruction of govt emails is against the law educate yourself
they brought no charges...
it's still against the law FBI put politics above the law sorry u don't see the lies  n the plan Hillary has for America
certain things make things criminal. Not present here. Not liking it does not count. Its over
oh please
#ImWithHer #POTUS #Obama all "heartsick" over @bostonpolice that is when #Democrats arent busy #incitingviolence against #police
its trump who encourages violence
It's Hillary's people who placed paid surrogates at Trump rallies to incite violence.
since when do Dems care about cops?  It's no wonder they endorse your Queen's opponent.
This Democrat cares about Police Officers
you just need to watch an episode of Cops and you appreciate them.
Heart sick enough to speak out against your parties campaign against police officers? #bluelivesmatter
#prayer for #BostonPoliceOfficers
no your not
liberal media propaganda can take credit for creating so much hate and fueling the fire with lies & sensationalism
don't act like you care.  Your sick.
yea now go protest with BLM u 2 face
Blue lives matter! All lives matter.
this is the only nice thing I have EVER heard you say.
Now condemn your fellow lefties who think making police targets is progressive.
did you feel bad for the four killed in Benghazi?
You lie. You and your Democrat constituents hate the police, so screw you. #BLUElivesMatter #BLMterrorists
I can't wait for 2018 because I'm looking forward to voting for Kurt Schilling
You can thank ur party and POTUS for his demeaning of blue lives. You are to blame! We must support  law and order
Tell your buddy, Hillary Clinton, to stop glorifying Black Lives Matter when it has encouraged anti-cop violence.
LIAR
You know what makes me furious...The non- support of Law enforcement officers under our current POTUS! #NEVERHRC!
TELL BPD UNION TO STOP OPPOSING BODY CAMS W/ FACIAL RECOGNITION. Cams save lives of all community & LEOs.
On Twitter. In private you'll tell your supporters to back blm. You traitorous cuck
please explain angry at Mr. Stumpf - you never mention any of the hundreds of crimes the Clinton's have committed?
Proud to see the tough ways which you handled CEO of a bank. How about handling your political colleagues in the same manner ?
Democrats are the reason our Police are being targeted. Sen Warren should be ashamed she is one root cause for it 
Our Prayers are with you and your families
I'm sure you are, Poko.
looks like you're a target for  the deplorables. Never mind them, keep up the good fight!
oh no!
Can't be to heartbroken with your support of the BLM terrorist group. Do you have a fake animal spirit as well?
*somebody wants a photo op
I love you! Hillary for President for the next 8 years!
& her leftist anti-cop supporters are to blame for cop shootings. Republicans don't shoot cops. #BlueLifesMatter @realDonaldTrump
are you heartsick for all the innocent ppl killed by cops daily???
daily ?  You're nuts
According to the @BostonGlobe both offiers remain in critical condition.
As a VETERAN, I will stand in the line of fire to protect police officers
EVERYBODY RUN!!!..TRUMP Train is OUT OF CONTROL....heading for DEREAILMENT
Kenneth Host says 
Trump,Fox news clip/CSPAN, telling commentator =he'll change laws so ppl can sue newspapers 4 defamation
Hey aren't you risking your standing with the " blm " hoods.
#indianmyass.
Im heartsick over how the left portrays police then acts like they give a shit when they are shot! You have blood on your hands!
nobody believes you Warren your POTUS and you have created this racist mess God help the police
@seanhannity @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump warren You and your party are the reason why there is War on cops
Please tweet what U have done 4 Native Americans since U took office.

Coming from a BLM supporter, U R joking right?
- Amen.
prayers don't do anything. You focusing on gun control would. Time for you to actually do something.
yeah yeah gun control! And like people stuff! And like climate shit! And oh yeah white ppl suck! Yeah!
Coming from  BLM supporter....U R joking, right?
Don't pray. Donate money or do volunteer work. Action, not cuddling up to fairy tale friends.
fairy tale friends? Is that like Facebook?
In some twisted sense, yes, that too
