.@senwarren Who will reimburse the average Americans who were hurt fiscally? Had cars repossessed? They're screwed?
It will end when the government sends him and those like him to prison. STOP waiting for self enforcement.
so@agree with you Senator! Please don't let him get away with it.
@Mooncatadams @WellsFargo 
We need charges brought against WFC chief.
And the Board Of Directors and all the officers and managers of the company.
make it happen! Congress has the power. Write new laws.
@BarackObama @POTUS   #MortgageForgiveness #2Late4Americans devastated by corp corruptions #2008 @HFA Americans hurt, angry #VOTE
@BarackObama @POTUS  What happens to Ppl+Families ard our country who don't have a home, a voice Who are victims disenfranchised?
That's right. I don't care if his bloated salary is reduced to less bloated and obscenely excessive ! His accountants will fix it
so do something about it!
you are an idiot.....WHY DONT YOU GIVE BACK ALL THE MONEY YOU TOOK UNDER FALSE PRETENSES.?? REALLY.? You're a dumb ass..
And forgoes $200m severance package in contract.  Talk about golden parachutes!
Sorta like, if Hilary admits all her wrong doings, and goes to prison. Then she will b held accountable w/her friends
get em
Also they should forgive my mortgage.
: Mine too!
- Very true indeed! However someone else should be held accountable as well and that Hillary Clinton. Agree?
SS number must be used to open a bank account. Opening an account without my knowledge is identity theft a felony.
There is more to it. My HARP refinance % was bait and switched and they refused to address it. They told me too bad.
Our elderly Mom was victimized by #WellsFargo fraud. #JusticeforJulie
Please push to make this happen. The people are tired of being robbed and nothing happening to the robbers.
Send the bum to prison Liz, it'll never stop til these REAL criminals are behind bars #crookedbankers
make it happen! People get called before congress and that's it.
justice only if prosecuted and personally bankrupted.
Right u r Senator Liz! He and much of his management team should go to jail! 
I'm going to have to follow because charges DO NEED 2B filed. Shame on him.
and if the USA truly creates and enforces finance reform that holds CEOs accountable and protects workers
when will @HillaryClinton be held accountable?
.@SenWarren @WellsFargo will you return the exorbitant pay you received from Harvard or the gains from your foreclosure buy? #accountability
I'll drink to that, but Eli, you got to slow down, those cheeks are screaming I drown myself in alcohol every night.
Yep like their going to do something. They can't even get Hilary's crimes prosecuted.
this is a key to the endeavour to save the capitalism from the capitalists
poco ask Hillary to return all the money she stole from the Haitian people
You STILL going to let TBTF banks/ Buffet scoop in GSE biz, or will u turn blind eye to this 2? Govt theft of G$E's.
, What didn't work? Individuals, managers and mid-level managers fired, bank fined. Mountain out of of small hill.
we need to break those huge banks up.  Stuff like this is too uncontrollable.  Thank you!
Stumpf - Drumpf  Both thieving con-men
You Leftists throw t "racist" word around & smear people, (Trump) worse than Joseph McCarthy's Commie hunt in heyday.
Liz u need a long drag on that peace pipe of yours!
Make it happen, senator!
will you please run in 2020? Please! Please! Please! :-)
Just like Fl Gov Rick Scott CEO HCA defrauded Medicare. He left w/ $60 mil severance pkg & bought Election for Gov.
Send him to prison, send a message to all..
investigation? The USA needs to follow Iceland's example and start putting these crooks in prison.
Same holds true for Drumpf. 

(What is it with these "umpf" people?)
He's in a no lose situation. Millions to stay or go. No jail time or other real penalty in either case #RichProblems
@RoxEK1954 @WellsFargo This another example of a Board of Directors being run for the sole interest of board members.
As such the HC campaign should return every nickel they scammed from people that donated small amounts.
You will only be held accountable for your lies to Harvard if you pay back every penny they paid you, Pocahontas
HRM backer Warren Buffett owns 479,000,000, 9.45% of Wells Fargo. Nothing meaningful is going to happen!
So...never accountable? Yeah, that seems how being a CEO works.
Well then, make it happen!!!
First 2 probably not gonna happen, but continue to pressure SEC and DOJ for #3.  #stumpf
Stumpf Drumpf an unsettling pattern
Ok, how about you resign and pay back taxpayers for every nickel of welfare fraud that has occurred while you've been in office.
Friday I closed my acct at WF until he resigns!  I encourage everyone too - $ talks
Your interrogation surpasses everyone amazing job Thank u! They will not return the $ & they'll get away with it too
why isn't he being charged with theft??  I don't get it!!
who is going to hold him accountable? who will bring criminal charges?
will you return your Harvard salary as u Fraudulently claimed to be Native American ? High cheekbones much...?
what about the government steal all the money for Fannie and Freddie what you can do fit that ?
. @SenWarren @WellsFargo That's not going to happen. Now what?
have you ever seen trump and stumpf together?  Hmmm. What does it mean?
...along with a litany of fellow bank CEOs - "responsible but not accountable."
Sen Warren, big fan of yours. Former law grad here 2. I hope HRC gives U an amazing cabinet post! Think U deserve it
You think Stumpf and Drumpf are buddies?
charge him, try him & jail him. Unconscionable that these fat cats walk away with millions & do no time.
what about the people that were harmed. No word from you on a solution for them.
there is too much emphasis on punishment here - let's focus on remediation and control measures looking ahead
I don't expect a CEO in our society to want accountability because our present economic system is inherently unjust.
Hillary should first set an example.
#HillaryTwitterWarrior
now apply those standards to you scumbags in government with insider trading & bribes. Screw your false outrage hypocrite
why no indictment? This man should be in jail
you are awesome. Warren 2024!!!!
maybe he will, once you resign and give back all your earnings since you checked the Native American box.
@DanScavino Did we hear these demands of Freddie n Fannie...
all these republicans take their lobbyists bribes & won't do anything! To jail with all of them!
hard core after banks, politicians however are above the law.
@MargHelgen @WellsFargo  Was I the only one who noticed drumpf and strumpf seem to think alike, 
but then he gets 200m severance...:(
@MargHelgen @WellsFargo  He's a republican it'll never happen 
#IllBelieveitWhenISeeIt
Senator, please keep working for us.  The Republicans won't.
women are you blind??? look around at WHAT white man have built!!!!! you are going to fear our league!!!!!
you must be sleep tweeting because nope
Press charges. And/Or get 3 people or more together, who were scanned and file a class action suit.
How about  giving back all that money YOU were given for lying about YOUR HERITAGE Pocahontas!!!!!
HRC should return all that financial sector money and donations to Clint found You did well post crash on property
the Republican Party should sue him, even if they got him
Mrs Warren, will u aim the same effort in regards to Mrs. Clinton lying to congress?  Free mkt is dealing w/ WF. Check stk price
So why are there no laws that prevent this from happening, and then punishing him if it does?
even @DWStweets is a step ahead of him, by resigning!
@WellsFarg
P
#DearAmerica  Hold Trump accountable! Hold Stumpf accountable!
Show the smoking gun he INTENDED to defraud - but you cannot. Trapped again by HRC.
do they deserve DOJ/SEC investigation? absolutely. demanding resignations? grandstanding.
Isn't it funny? Strumpf and Drumpf!
Thank you Elizabeth Warren. Applaud your unwillingness to allow this to quietly go away. It's important.
Totally agree. However if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle.
I feel the same way about @HillaryClinton & her donors. At this point, what difference does it make?
If Stumpf retires he gets 

He should be fired and get nothing

Subpoena @WellsFargo BOD and grill them under oath
I'm sure he'd get immunity
Stumpf.. any relation to Drumpf?
you've lost all your credibility when you endorsed Hillary. #HippocraticWarren
same thing for you resign , return all money made from lying about your heritage .. Goose / Gander
Oh, you mean he'll have to be forced to? Hahaha.
why isn't he being held accountable?

shut up
And his severance should not be payable until the investigations are done and he's found to have done no wrongdoing.
If he is found to be in on it he shouldn't get a CENT of severance!!
#lockhimup
Just give him an orange jump suit and lock him up. @senwarren @wellsfargo
Hahahaha. When I first read this I thought Stumpf was another nickname for idiot DJT!
Lock him up! Where's @realDonaldTrump on this issue! They could be cell mates!
You going to return the money you earned from falsely claiming Native American Heritage? Put up or shut up.
Well he did make a profit even after u deduct for this scam, or do you not know math madam?
I think what you said should be done but I am not a share holder, shouldn't be up to them?
Remind us, when EPA dumped the poison in river in CO a year or two ago, how many from EPA did you call for to resign?
if the DOJ won't prosecute the clearly guilty HRC what makes u think they'll go after Stumf?
And who owns the biggest private shares of Wells Fargo? 

WARREN BUFFET!!
Bet he's a repug and trump supporter, he can work for the Don also.
Wrong, Skip. See Wells Fargo donations to Hillary. Hypocrite Warren fails to mention.
Now u want to look at TRUMPS long list of fraud etc???
HRC did not know about this at the time.
Hillary is beholden to big donors like WF. Kind of ironic that the DNC was held at Wells Fargo Arena. LOL!
Can you be my #Patronus?
How about the $$$ Hillary accepted from WF? Speeches. Campaign. Foundation.
superb interrogation
