I have serious concern 4 UR support 4 HRC when she takes $$ from Mylan. #NeverHillary #DemExit #SteinBaraka2016
ObamaAdminLetPricesGetCrazy. I have SeriousConcerns w/ FDA Commissionerw/BigPharmaTies.OxyCotin is ok 4 11 years old?!  #StopTPP
It can be bought from Canada for less than $12.  Europe has 7 different types of allergy pens.  Cheap.  WHY Manchin's girl rich??
It's a monopoly & should be sued. Medicare part D is partially responsible.
Perhaps  Congressional Committee would agree to hold a hearing?
The words that now make corporations tremble: Elizabeth Warren saying "I have serious concerns..."

I spent $600 for asthma meds, life saving yet you want free birth control for women that can't keep legs together.
ya think?
being native, will you speak out against Dakota Access pipeline?
its a scam they didn't come up with it overnight we need help with ALL med prices please DO SOMETHING we need your help
you mean the Clinton Foundation donor? LMK when you want to apologize to REAL progressives 4 dropping the ball. #FeelTheBern
I do too...thankfully Clinton is going to reel in big pharma. 
I'll believe it when I see it?One option might be allow imports from #Canada for prescription meds.
It's a broader problem of FDA breakdown w/generic approvals. In other words, it's the cost of a costly government monopoly.
Me too! When will we see a bill introducing a fix? Single payer? Incentives to produce generics? Surely, there’s something…
"serious concerns"?! I suggest reading Bryan's 1892 'Cross of Gold' speech!
Time to get pissed off at profiteers.
I had serious concerns about @Citibank threatening to "neuter" you. I guess it didn't hurt as much when Hillary helped them do it
Perhaps someone can look into why Epipen costs ~$14 in Canada vs what Mylan is charging in USA?
I want to see if it is True about The Shady Chain of Suppliers High Cost. I think Her Claim of These Facts should be investigated
EpiPen: $2 worth of medicine  + syringe + needle + GREED = $500
Guess this is another example if Obamacare failing.
It was developed with taxpayer $ & they've profited off it all these years, seems a case for eminent domain. Take it from them.
is that all? "Serious concerns"? Come on!
hard to imagine any story more disgusting than that — but, sadly, there seems to be a lot of competition for that these days
Me too. I hope you make Mylan seriously concerned.
Greed.
the owner of the company is your friend's daughter, you damn fraud. You don't give a rip.

Well, come to Mexico where we have never-ending violence instead of high prices capitalism yields.
so do we! @bundoofamily @DrSaraAtBundoo
why is there no competition in the epipen market? This seems to be the core problem.
Thank you for getting involved!
tell her Hillary that as I'm sure in totally different universe she would have a heart and care. Politics. Speak truth to power.
they jacked up prices and then want to put out a generic at high price? Still charge 300. For so ming that should cost 50.
Should be concerned about Hillary who has taken big sums from big pharma- endorse a real progressive. Jill not Hill
Please continue fighting for the American People, Senator Warren!
Well, why did you support Hillary instead of Bernie? More of this to come.
So you're asking Sen Joe Manchin - right?
Talk to your fellow DEMOCRAT senator Joe Manchin. His daughter runs that company.
there will be a special place in #hell for #pharma execs.
thats why we are the greatest country, we screw over the poor, the sick, and make huge profits on suffering.
yes, we know that you do. Now please do something about it.
many companies can come up with generic version if conducive govt policy is enacted
you may be right, but, cannot expect Mylan to do charity. Govt should encourage competition and help bringing similar products.
The EpiPen isn't the first thing they did this with. They raised the price of generic Armodafinil, raising it from $12/mo to $700
Yes We have to investigate. What is Right is Right and Wrong is Wrong! Thank You Senator Elizabeth Warren!
People are during because they can't afford their medicine!
well, talk is going to do a lot! Get off your duff and get to work!
@realdonaldtrump @justthetruthtv @hillaryclinton
EpiPen makers pay for Clinton Foundation admin costs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jICew1G06aM …
I wish you and your colleagues and FDA were bit more pro-active about this kind of price hikes, rather than being reactive.
Then why can't OTHER pharmaceuticals start making the Epi-Pen under a different trade name? There are no patents on this.
I have serious concerns abt ur "progressive values" given ur support 4 war criminal prez candidate & Israeli apartheid
Then maybe you should speak with your Democratic colleague Joe Manchin who takes Mylan donations
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00032838 …
You know the CEO is a Clinton foundation donor, Hillary supporter, and daughter of Dem Senator, who makes 19 mill,..awkward huh
Democrats built this monopoly and the price gouging.
also patients should boycott this company if possible, by asking their doctors to substitute any Mylan drugs with another
I bet a lot of the price increases are due to their advertising costs.  That is something that should be banned
these vile companies need more then just a pr nightmare.
Sen. Pocahontas...when did you initially become so concerned...when it became news? Always a buck short and a dollar too late!
jacked-up prices and Mylan's corporate inversion = hurting American families and not paying their fair share of taxes.
did you just hear about this?
As the mom of a peanut allergic child, I agree!  Congress needs to do something!
So u r going to start your own company and make a competing product!  no?  Oh, more govt regulation is the solution. Of course.
you dont understand serious concerns. Dont hurt yourself. You need to find a new job soon
I took care of "the first person cured of AIDS"I helped start his foundation,drug lobbyist are pure evil
Have serious concerns you didn't support #BernieSanders why didn't you #LockHerUp #CrookedHillary for #Fraud
if you that upset about a talk with hillary she's in bed with the ya pharmaceutical  companies
you don't get it! Politicians are powerless in front of corporate giants, they are laughing at you and public.
can we order epipens from Canada or India
oops they got caught.  Profiteering because they can.  So wrong.  How much $$ do executives need??
I, on the other hand, have serious concerns over their panderous price reduction to "only" $300! It should be $60! TOPS!
not exactly earth shattering news. What will you do about it is the more relevant point.
nobody cares what you have to say.
It's all total flim-flam, proof positive that the principles of vulture capitalism fail as basis for our health care system.
if there is a patent, should seek invalidation.  If government funded research,  March-in rights. USC 35 202
Then approve some competition @SenWarren !
They pay to gain access to our lawmakers who will put on a show for a day or 2 and they will get away with it! It's all a game.
I have serious concerns about either major candidate actually being elected to run the free world. Can't speak up about that?
My 9 year old son will die without insulin, yet the price has consistently skyrocketed. Any serious concerns there? #fixit
I have serious concerns about the entire pharmaceutical industry #filthybastards
uh yeah. So do we.
@KatrinaNation but u refused to endorse bernie u and him were a perfect match 4 America but u were scared
free market capitalism should not hold people's health hostage. A 1 payer could negotiate a fair price for life saving meds.
an Epi kit costs $3.20 vs $500 for an Epipen. Epi Pens are convenient but not necessary
..concerns?.... Go see your colleague Sen. Joe Manchin. This is why a Washington outsider will day be president.
.@SenWarren Re: Mylan's price hikes, U.S. Gov needs to commit more funds for drug research AND negotiate price of drugs sold in U.S.
@KatrinaNation why did you endorser Hillary? We want the truth? You can't handle the truth, very disappointed
why not all the other RX mfgrs?
#TuesdayMotivation #OurRevolution #NeverHillary Warren Should Be Concerned About HRC.
#TuesdayMotivation #OurRevolution #NeverHillary Warren: Obvious To HRC's Corruption? Ugh!
#TuesdayMotivation #OurRevolution #NeverHillary Warren: Under HRC Adios To #SocialSecurity
Let's be honest. Big Pharma is sucking the health care dollars out of the blood of citizens and our gov't. does little to
I'm sure more gov't intervention will fix this
And forcing prescription meds. into over the counter status so the Ins. Cos. Don't have to pay at all. Part D is a joke!
All the pharmaceutical companies need to be regulated. Their R&D is tax write off.
As long as the cost of Chardonnay stays affordable I don't think you really care about a damn thing.
Reality check: in many states, you can buy the same medication and an injector for it in a vet supply store for under ten dollars
we all do
Go talk to Joe Manchin!
Concerns? WTF pharma has been robbing for years with help of congress. Can't buy from Canada, medicare can't negotiate. CONCERNS!
Please cut the fat from the FDA before you clean the grill with the pharm companies. Both need an EW smack you are famous 4.
and it took moms to raise this. Do nothing warren, trump was right. Now go and crusade and tell everyone what you did.
If the patent is over, there should be a Gvmnt Lab to produce a copy for minimal profit for the public at large
Perhaps you should extend your concerns to the entire American side of the business.  They are ruthless rip-off artists.
And no objections whatsoever over the Clinton Foundation treasonous Acts
It is capitalism at it's best: PROFITS before anything else.
U can't fault them. They really good at it
money is more important to them the life
funny u say that.Father of drug co CEO is Liz's friend & Dem senator. Money is indeed more important to them than life
There has to be a way to hack the pen so it can be refilled. The epi itself costs pennies.
They only care about hacking it so it can cost millions. Problem is, you can't make ppl care.
Especially, as pediatrician @safdarmedina says, right at back to school time when parents are buying these for a new year.
you should have concerns. They contribute to @HillaryClinton so you know they are crooked. Vote @realDonaldTrump for real change
Generic drug isn't good enough, it's still three times the starting price.
and...?
@JC_Christian way to take a stand!!!! Now go suck up to the establishment politicians that enable them
why can't this be free in community like narcan? It's OTC in Canada, btw.
Talk to your buddy Hillary! Maybe she can work out a contribution to you too!
How about getting the Liberal running the parent company to give it away like you think Concervative companies should???
This is true, considering I could make a pen for a $1.28 & the meds dont cost that dang much!
You should look at PBMs.  The higher the price charged by pharma, the more money PBM make with no value added to health system.
And $300 isn't low enough!Time to switch. #boycottmylan #HeatherBresch
if you have so many concerns & we know other Co.s have the drug why are u doing nothing about it? Why are you not at FDA Now?
and I hope those concerns include: 1) actual cost of epinephrine in an EpiPen is only $3 2) the CEO's salary hike = to price inc
"serious concerns" Wow!
Watch out  Mylan. She might get tough and write a letter.
3) after determining those costs, how about public suggestions for fair pricing?
Archimedes to @SenWarren: the shortest distance between a $300 price tag on a $12 epipen and a CEO's $19mil salary is a straight line
my husband is a renal cancer survivor.  Could not afford mine.  Praying!
please keep after them! We've had to use Epi-Pens on my 9Yo 3 times in her life for idiopathic anaphylaxis. #exploitativePricing
so haul em in for a hearing
The #WickedWitch of  #Washington! https://youtu.be/pQxAdBumYHY 
.@SenWarren "Serious concerns"? "Significant price hikes"? Please stop giving them heck and give them hell instead
Big pharmaceutical another reason US medical costs is out of control.  While their corporate execs make millions. For what?
They are just sowing the seeds of revolution. The late 1700's comes to mind. #REDTERROR
time  also  to fight the airline  industry  they  keep  taken away  hard working  people  vacation
- For once #Pokahauntus you are Absolutely Correct, 100% Spot On! - #NoHillary -  VOTE FOR #TRUMP
The owner is a Clinton supporter. Weird eh?
Keep going after Donald Trump please
What about all the gov't paid R&D these pharm companies get from us. Wasn't there a deal R&D for lower prices what happened?
Business is not a charity.  There is nothing wrong with a company charging what the market will bear.
@cykelly1718 that was a week ago Liz where ya been napping with Hil
just ask your fellow #superdelegate @Sen_JoeManchin You and the whole DC bunch are #thickasthieves
We fought for Single Payer but Obama and Emanuel were so Corrupt and allowed Max Baucus to Screw America.!  @POTUS @RahmEmanuel
you want the VA fol all Americans? Wow.  No thanks
That's why Romney/Obamacare was passed. To rip off consumers.
You and me both Liz, you and me both #NeverTrump #DonTheCon #WhinnyLittleBitch #FreeMelania
300 for generic? Still price gouging
Mylan_donor2Corrup as Pfizer_floodedUS w opioids.4PR Corrupt distanced but paid $4her WH2allow merger160b w Allergan4tax avoidenc
.@SenWarren Don't hold back tell us how you really feel. oops wait they donated to Clinton foundation you better go soft on em!
.@SenWarren faily typical of drug industry. Generic play captures revenue they would have lost provides political cover
Me too, girl. And take a look at Restasis and Humira, while you're at it. My mother takes both and they are *outrageous*. @SenWarren
did anyone in Washington share any concerns when their lobbyist was there handing out money?
#burnmylan
"significant concerns"? Try seething rage.
They're milking the insurance system, which pays the bulk of the cost in a lot of cases. The generic vsn is for milking the poor.
amazes me that the people of US would rather have a gun than affordable healthcare
Me too. People's health shouldn't be a business.
- What's an EpiPen Auto-injector?
Many children rely on this pen in case of accidental allergy incident. They could die. #greed
insulin prices are what you should be concerned with #price gouging #bigpharma
I have no serious reservations about your mental stability!
I normally find you too far left but on this we agree -- false price increases & absurd CEO incomes are a serious problem
no shit.
It is not just Mylan. I have other Rx generics that have increased 10 fold over the past 3-4 yrs. PLEASE look into it.
The government should do something about it. Sanction them, charge them, create a law to cap price hikes. ANYTHING.
you legislators created the environment of protection that allows this gouging. Only you can fix it.
let me know when u decide to publicly support single payer. then, maybe i'll care about what u have 2 say
The Company is releasing a generic version at half the price. Another Co plans generic at 1/4 price. It was in the morning news!
@WashTimes @greta DC insider or broke public servant: $4K jacket, Foreign-made designer Pants suits, Ferragamos? Wage equality?
More free market competition brings prices down. Zardoz has spoken.
sheesh.  a dollar late and a nickel short
Ask about collaboration w Clinton F during price hikes.
How about concern for all the other drugs they are ripping us off on? For example, INSULIN.
it's called gouging.
We all have serious questions about it all.
republiKKKans have ruined healthcare
The Republicans have nothing to do with KKK 
oh, you say kkk are Democrats?
BUt not the profit taking of the board? I can't believe investors are happy.
go get them!
you should lol
Pocahontas 
