Trump must be planning to rename DOL the Department of Slave Labor.
from http://www.businessinsider.com/carls-jr-wants-open-automated-location-2016-3 … !
Automation is the modern slave labor.
You own the machines, you don't have to pay them, feed, or respect them.
Tell that to ALL the millennials who didn't vote for HRC.
I'm a millennial and I voted for Hillary, would've preferred Bernie
actually I make almost $18/h welding, so...
I am straight, I served in USAF, am married to a great woman.  Any other misconceptions
well actually yes, but just about every kid gets dropped on their head.
I say let the chips fall. When we have no money left, his businesses die.
Whatever happened to "Drain the swamp"? My sister, who votes for DJT, said she feels like she was bamboozled
She was along with the whole country.
not the whole country, I knew the whole time, it's why I didn't vote for him
with much respect, Canadians are spooked about Trump
YOU'RE  spooked, oh my frozen friend you have no idea. I wake up from nightmares about WW3
?  I'm 53 not 23, I have a very good idea FYI
ok, I was expecting a witty retort,  but ok I do believe you. Trump's foreign policy is nonexistent
AS ANY RATIONAL BUSINESS PERSON WOULD DO AND IS LEGALLY OBLIGATED TO DO ITS CALLED FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY YOU TIRESOME HACK
oh yes, they are obligated to fire ppl and replace them with machines. Ppl don't need to work, or survive
if it maximizes shareholder value they ARE indeed obligated to do so its the basic tenant of corporate governance
Yes but in the end ,when we can all no longer afford the product , you no longer have a market.
@MsRonnyB @PluckyPundit @Jaymes_DeWitte @SenWarren unless its cheaply mass produced in some poor 3rd country
unless we are that poor 3rd world country, bcuz none of us have jobs
should've thought about that before ditching Bernie. Of coarse Drumpf would do something like this. He's out to fuck us all.
You would speed up that process with a 15$ minimum wage.
Here, let me help you out. If you couldn't find any other job after HS, could you live on this in 1965? That's $79/wk.
more fool you! $2.10/hr doesn't cover basic living costs in this century @TamiMcKnight12 @SenWarren 
https://twitter.com/CoFemale/status/807731484283076608 …
you have to wonder why a United States Senator would lie by taking humor out of context.Can he find a way to replace senators?
And never question him, and don't concern themselves when abused, and don't have families to support, and he can KEEP IT ALL $$$
following u now on twitter.  So important we block this GOP nonsense.
@amyklaire27 Hard to be polite to that boss.
it's simply terrifying to think of a man with this mentality was determined the most suitable pick for this position.

"I tried really really reallllly hard to make that McD burger really good. I deserve the pay of a 5 star restaurant"
People wish you were polite, this constant partisan shit coming Everytime  u open your mouth.  Fed up with u.
Congrat Republicans
U made sure
u'l now av swampiest swamp
of all swamps
Thats swamped WhiteHouse
#Trump
that's called capitalism. Hike the minimum wage and you'll see more of it.
Elizabeth Warren plotted to steal the identity of native Americans for political gain
@sparkyNadine if Puzder was a democrat you would be saying absolutely none of this.
Hahahahahaha! A Democrat wouldn't be like him at all
smart man
no, he's an idiot. automation frees the precariat from labor. this fat cat just wants to get richer. not a smart man.
so raise the minimum wage & watch the precariat work quicker to eliminate more laborers. That's a biz fact!
well when Liberals teach us young people that were all special and coddle us of course we will want more money for less
So, what did Social Media do? Welcome to the 21st century
and they don't want a crazy $15 min wage either 
OMG- we are all going to die
@15andaUnion Robots also do not make consumers of goods and services. Increased Automation =Basic Income.
Hahaha!!!
to compete globally w/ low wage #China businesses innovate like this. It's called business Ms Warren
EVEN HIS NAME TELLS YOU WHAT A PUTZ HE IS !
machines don't steal either
we need to put a spotlight on and slowdown technology. It is the threat#1 job killer and goes 100% under the radar.
And they don't buy hamburgers, either.
Lmao. #TermLimits + #LieLimits need to apply to DEMS leaders.Seems all they do is lie. How Lizzy got her degrees, cheap!
@MAHAMOSA I think we should replace congress with machines that tally a popular vote on all bills for the same reasons.
And also buy nothing. Good luck with your dwindling profits, Puzder.
.@KwikWarren: ironically, @SenWarren agrees with Andy Puzder on #immigration. Both want much the same things. #StillWithHer
Well, he is right.
Jody a woman I commute with worked for McDonalds for 35 years.  Completely subsidized by the county.  Her wages are disposable
income. Is a hoarder.  Spent $1k on lip gloss.  While I work 2 jobs and have to pay for govt compulsory insurance and worry about
feeding my kids.  I sure wish I had the $500 a month you make me spend on insurance.
This is why raising the minimum wage so much is a dangerous idea. Idiot.
do companies have an obligation 2 employ people just to give them wages? Is that becoming a newly discovered "right"? Such a fool
you are such a despicable hack and congenital liar. Do businesses now have to retain workers they don't need? Robots=innovation
he's not wrong
can't say that about the democratic senate
Sounds good.  Massachusetts ought to consider doing that in their senate.
So you expect him to pay them 15 an hour who wouldn't replace with a machine.
pay workers poverty wages, expect poverty employees!
@Mooncatadams [The fact is most manufacturing jobs we've lost have been lost to automation...not other countries]
Yeah, I blame machines,too. Like the one that got you elected.
I'm sure that you and Raul will do everything for everyone with someone else's money. Marxism is dead.
been a dem all my life. Y didn't anyone help LA senate candidate????
Being that you have never been a business person , I can understand your blatant ignorance . It is all about making a profit .
Plus, no lawsuits! @cotatislim1
And machines will NEVER pay TAXES just like TRUMP and the MILLIONAIRE friends!
"Plotted" what "plot"? it's called tech advancement leading to greater efficiency. could be cooking burgers on open fires, but...
If it wasnt for shitbag politicians like you, that have never created anything nor held a real job, he wouldnt have to.
@realDonaldTrump this is what this admin is about-lining their own pockets & care less about the people! Get ready!!
They also don't demand $15 an hour for flipping burgers and being rude to people.
the key here is to use some of the profit to retrain the displaced in tech so they will advance to build, service the machines
That's the reality of the future; automation is going to happen no matter what. Government needs to adapt.
Like you, Senator!
| with minimum-wage going up in cities like San Francisco, more workers are being replaced by kiosks. Proof that the system works
and why exactly do you use a cell phone instead of hiring a personal messenger?
Can the Puz replace the PEOTUS with one of those machine.
Just a matter of time until you are replaced by a robot
truth hurts
Even Robots need entry level jobs
https://www.warren.senate.gov/?p=internships  Unpaid interns?
Higher paid jobs are being created by robotic integration in the workplace, not being taken away... so naive for a senator.
good. Fast food workers in general are low educated and rude. It also saves company from paying bloated $15 min wage.
@mike_pence   FORD was using robots in the 60's !
He's right. Maybe those agitating for $15/ hour fast food jobs should ponder that truth. @SenWarren
Liz, mandating unrealistic wage hikes will expedite the transition to mechanization, costing more jobs. Please study economics.
@SenWarren Has he seen "Westworld?"
I like my drive thru coffee w/out snark & attitude...bring on the machines!
My GOD! Next thing you know we'll have automated packaging lines and autopilots on aircraft!
And they don't demand $15 an hour. Nice democrat economy with McJobs being the norm, amiright?
Uh, yeah, so?  I'd rather deal with automation than the entitled and rude fast food workers.
Yeah, @senwarren, I was just saying how much more I want to pay for a fast food burger. Most fast food isn't healthy for you, anyway.
You know who else had a real problem with automation? Joseph Stalin
and don't get pregnant
This is correct. Machines never call off because of car trouble. Sorry. Facts is facts.
you could take a lesson
I am with you on this...Robots or self-service is MUCH better than unkind, unhygienic, spiteful Millennials.

sooner or later that robot will need work a degree in art won't help you work on that bot
Puzder is what is wrong with the thinking of Trump and his buddies
please do not confirm these people. If only to see the look on trump face when he can't have his way. He is not king
Capitalists like him "create" wealth the same way ticks "create" blood.
@MalcolmNance 
Maybe Puzder can replace his family, nurses/physicians, & minister with robots as well. A real Jetson that guy!
Or is it because ppl like you want to artificially inflate the wage they must be paid?
Companies exist to make a profit, not jobs... If you possessed a basic knowledge of business, you'd understand what he meant.
Sounds like an endorsement!!!!!!!
The 'always polite' still have a job. Cupcakes shouldn't ever forget that. @TwitchyTeam
Seems he fits the mold to work for Trump - sexist (his disgusting commercials) and mean to his workers in general.
how did you even get elected? Flaming liberal feminist.
You forgot, "they don't sue when I say racist stuff or grab their P*****".
Sooner or later we will have to deal with the inevitable automation of jobs and subsequent unemployment.
hiw he pretend create new jobs this way?
And never sue for age/sex/race discrimination.  @MalcolmNance
good work senetor warren,i have named my daughter after you as an appreciation of your hard work
maybe they can replace you with one cause that's what you are no brains just a government robot doing your program for bad gov.
HEY!!..that could work in the Senate as well!!!
All the Democratic business owners are doing the same thing. Keep up with the crying...
he is everything that is wrong with vulture capitalism
so does Warren Buffet. https://www.google.com/amp/www.forbes.com/sites/antoinegara/2015/11/04/more-job-cuts-at-kraft-heinz-under-3g-capital-and-warren-buffett/?client=safari …
No one to blame but yourselves; but sure, keep up the #FightFor15 for unskilled labor that a touchscreen can literally do BETTER. @SenWarren
Now wait a second. Are you just like going on a like anti-robot binge here? Because that's NOT NICE to robots!
That's something a boss will no management or leadership skills would say.
This is obviously someone who has no experience trying to keep an 'automated' factory running.
he is just another a$$hat being given a job while so many other competent people are without employment. Shameful on Trump
Well, his food is pretty awful.Even automation could not make the food more appealing, 
At least a live person could point to McD
"plotted"?  Lol.  Do people "plot" to  to replace walking everywhere when they buy a car? You're economically illiterate.
Which is in fact the real core of economic anxiety today: The "disruptors" of Silicon V. are spearheading the attack on humans.
keep pushing for higher wages and more benefits and this will be more commonplace.
then let the machines eat their food. Hit him on the pocket. No consumption no money no machines.
The 15 hr crowd you pander to are causing businesses to go automated do any of you actually think outside of coastal politics
@OurbabyMinx sounds a lot like illegal aliens working in a Vineyard
If you have any hope of saving the country the Founding Fathers envisioned, and so many fought/died for, it's feet-2-fire time.
Who is supposed to buy the burgers, with (non-eating) robots doing all the work? He uses Sex to sell'em: To robots? Replace CEO!
It's called innovation. But I can see you don't get that.
again focus on minimum wage jobs!!!!
So I guess you've never, ever, used an ATM?
I agree with him, as long as a #UniversalBasicIncome is provided to those laid off workers as well as everyone else.
I'm with you. Politeness is just intolerable.
@rmasher2 clearly he never saw Terminator
my head explodes everytime I think about this and every other appointment so far.
Companies have been replacing there employees for years with machines! It called AUTOMATION!!
Quit criticizing technology!
seriously ?  How can you spread such wicked bs?   You and we know it's all about the mighty $ .
they never take breaks or potty breaks because that is so annoying to a boss.
Love you Senator Professor, but we have to face the further inexorable robot disruption to labor. Paradigm shift. Plz discuss.
He's also a wife beater. I'm from StL and old enough to remember the articles. He and Bannon will be peas in a pod.
Plotted?? I guess that would be the same thing Obama did w/Obamacare. Plotted to oppress & do away w/the mid-class b/c he could.
you don't get it... machines will replace workers... make sure citizens are provided for nonetheless!!!
Only those smart programmers in CA programming robots, who Trump despises will have jobs!
And when those polite robots put Carrier & Ford workers out of a job, who will buy heaters & cars? Not those robots!
After Puzder replaces humans w/polite machines & puts everybody out of a job, who or what will buy those burgers? Robots?
There isn't any of @realDonaldTrump's cabinet that doesn't scare the hell out of me, expect for a couple of the retired brass
Unlike most government civil servants!
if only this could be done with Congress
It's called automation genius!!
No fair shake from the #bossmanCabinet
I teach a gender class in a grad program. I use Puzder's Carls Junior sex ads as example of systemic objectification of women.
yup saw that. Now... Just say the kiosk screws up?? & empties your $.
That's what you get for supporting #CrookedHillary #DeleteYourAccount
You have nerve. Your just a troll. | @SenWarren
A troll? You mean correct. Just hard to take it all in.
No, meant troll. | @SenWarren
CONGRESS NEEDS TO BE REPLACED WITH ROBOTS DUE TO THE MANY DAYS OFF DAYS THEY JUST DONT GO TO WORK & THE HUGE SALARY NOT EARNED
How can a labor secretary who has a business that pays his workers minimum wage identity with blue collar workers.
smart. No outrageous #Obamacare penalty either
and the machines can understand English
Welcome to the 21st century.
Machines also don't demand higher pay for sub-quality performance, fewer hours or getting paid while texting. NO #FightFor15.
We should do that with you!
--We already know he's a jackass,but ??how many vacations has this cornball taken??
@AJentleson doesn't he mean "always can't read barcodes" and "never catch shoplifters"
Automatic disqualifier for @AndrewPuzder: Accused wife beater.
Sounds like a famn good businessman to me. You have know power get used to it.
Also don't mind being mistreated and don't have racial problems.
jeez, this is nuts!
Nothing he said was false.
or we Fire!
Something wrong with that?
Hard to believe Prez elect could make an any worse selection than he already has, but he outdid himself with this one!
Credibility = 0. Honesty = 0. How can you even open a laptop and know that the mass majority thinks your a race shill? Give it up
Hey that's what @McDonalds is doing. Where's the outrage? Because @realDonaldTrump didn't say it's great you don't give a crap????
-he should go for it. And good riddance. So, why is he interested in labor?
Good for him
Because flipping burgers doesnt deserve 15 bucks an hour. Go back to the public university safe space. Adults working here.
And he broke what laws by doing this?
Plus, they don't throw temper tantrums demanding $15/hour despite being high school dropouts with no ambition.
- Ok already. We know you hate Trump so therefore you hate all of his nominees. Stipulated. Give it a rest. Man, are you shrill.
the machines always meet the 4 requirements for 1st jobs.
SHOW UP
ON TIME
STRAIGHT
WORK HARD
Tough to find that in teens today.
I bet they also never get pregnant or ask for maternity leave.
Didn't another imbecile use a similar argument about ATMs?
Maybe he plotted to replace God with some idol, because it "always agrees with the lousy Ideas I have."
Did you plot to relieve down and out homeowners of the homes to flip them for a quick profit?
smart business maybe you should run one in reality instead of sitting in you high horse theory of how it's done
OMG THE HORROR!!! How dare he want customers to have a PLEASANT EXPERIENCE!!! 
And probably don't get pregnant
oh please zip it!!
And are cheaper bc of your misguided minimum wage policies. It's almost like economics is a science
Can no one do anything about this absurdity? He is making a mockery of this great nation.
And they are more efficient....Machines are not the problem. Companies need to invest in training to give workers skills for today.
it does make for a better customer experience.
don't forget, machines don't have babies either.
