Crazy Pocahontas, you called yourself a "Nasty Woman" today. The only true thing you've said in a while.
what about the winfall tax that effected Federal employees, I got my 40 quarters credit early in life, being penali
sure keep bankrupting the system so the next generations get zero benefits.  #goodthinking
economic argument but her friend likes to bleachbit datasets @HillaryClinton
i could use that money to supplement m Social Security as I have no pension
Does this mean we r fighting to get a one time pmt that wouldn't even pay for 2 gallons of milk?
I'll donate my $6
How about getting rid of gov't regs so business can grow? All your regs are business killing, bubble growing fails.
Warren and her kind have already robbed the Social Security fund. She's just playing Cover-My-Ass right now.
so many tweets to political women Jim. Do you have, um, 'issues' with women being in power?
Typical Lib.  Always using sexism as a smoke screen for their failed ideals.  You lost. Get over it.
Good comeback, you really paint yourself as a balanced human being.
Liz, you're doing great work as an advocate for the little guy! Keep it up! Tone down Trump rhetoric though.
It is insulting for us who depend on social security. I get 1300 per month and 16.00 in food stamps.
bankrupt social security early. Love the way you people spend money you don't have.
free health care for illegals crossing borders. While our health care premiums rise so much it would be better to quit working.
what about those who will not be able to afford the 25% increase in Obamacare? This is a nightmare. Illegals are getting free.
I am on social security. Question how are you going to pay for it? no free stuff in this life. somebody pays
like everything else you INTRODUCED, it will go nowhere.  WHERE'S YOUR DNA ? Prove your Indian !
Yes! The @POTUS Senate & Congress should get a 3.9% deduction to pass on to seniors!
Why has recovery been slow? We taxpayers bailed out the big banks, they jacked credit card interest rates sky high
ur cola is bigger than that and yearly who r u kidding
oh like u really care u r a liar
my raise will be two dollars coming up. Wow! Why do super rich get soc.sec.?. They all say they don't need it.
Hurry and send the checks before Nov 8. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
tax and spend that's all you know. Have you ever held a private sector job or run a business? Just wondering
No my News said no increase
right now. .03% and then Medicare is going up for 2017.  Congress got their 10% for2017.
please what can we do to help get this bill passed
Thx 4 ur effort. Wife disabled I'm on WComp @100 wk. losing house. Need all of ur help thank you thank you thank you thank you!
That is horrendous!  Pennies for all who struggled to give their families a better life smh

#FirePodesta https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/787355043821416448 …
You have no idea how much that would help my sister and I. Nothing left to sell or cut back on. Thanks.
@RepDuckworth@N.Sanders,CSW.I Thank You,Both,for Doing That!! It Would Be of Great Help for That to Happen!! Sincerely,N.Sanders.
Social Security needs to be shored up 4 a lifetime~get people back 2 work 2 pay into the system on 100% of income
Thank you, you ladies are the best.
Thank you for all that you do.
please help us.
WEP/GPO ???
TY 4 trying 2 assist Us Seniors WHO between 2008 Recession/loss of retirement plans funds-U give us hope. 
$23? Keep it. As usual you're only helping the people at the top.
I'll take it. I could use it. I get$100 a week from workComp. I've lost75lbsNoMoneyForFood send me money!
Thanks for fighting for us
does that mean the vets are going to get a raise too?
if you remove all of those who did not earn the money, we would have enough for we seniors
#SAVEBenefits how about we just pay back what St Regan STOLE fom SS plus interest
How about U and UR ilk stemming the tide of illegals & unvetted refugees? That would mean billions for our seniors
Vote Democrat #Election2016
which Americans R 70million?how?
so we should forget our elderly and hive tax cuts to everyone?  Trickle down doesn't work. Middle class spends money
You really don't have a clue do you?
Hope that doesn't come to the floor before the GOP loses the Senate.
http://www.gofundme.com/2t2a104 

name calling from the Donald like he does to everyone like an eleven year old bully on the playground.
using other people's money to buy votes. Brilliant.
do you even know what you're talking about?
many are seeking a  $15/hr living wage, Social Security recipients need a benefit amount we can live on too
#LifeTip
GET MORE SKILLS!!!!

take the blinders off
You have to get this through. The cost of food alone has skyrocketed. Many seniors in dire circumstances.
Won't pass. You know it and we know it. Why did you endorse HRC? Come clean, Beth. Why?
either HRC or the clown. Who can't tell the truth
sorry sometimes we go blind in a negative world and in the long run 2 ppl get hurt in such a difficult situation
Oh please!  And thank you.  My $3/month raise in January makes no improvement in my life whatsoever.
vote for better people instead of Republicans
Your party has noting left to give. Crumbs not required.
at least Dems are doing something. Gop wants to give SS to the banker's and give u nothing
Uh no. Dig deeper.
I know the truth is hard to swallow. Get a glass of water and do some research
