pochahantas you made quite a lucrative living out of it-talk to the hand!
All polls are wrong, Hillary is way ahead of trump. The media white polls don't show the rest of the minority's vote.
I don't want anything getting done. whatever you do it costs me money or freedoms. #gridlockforever
when not in session they are supposed to be back in their state  learning how to help, right?
I agree they should not have been paid for the last 8 years.
@FRW3  THE SENATE @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr DOESN'T WORK FOR AMERICA! MUST OVERTURN CITIZENS UNITED!
can you also show the DEM schedule for comparison? Is there one?
Yeah, I guess not nothing like sitting down on the job
what happened Obama put a fork in the outlet again
.@SenWarren something needs to get done around here. Challenge Eversource project's need. It's based on outdated data. Can we count on you?
@Arkansas_72701 @SenateGOP how would any business survive taking that much time off??  What a scam & very disrespectful too
I DO want my money  back!!
We do, and hourly pay.
- August looks like Hillary's published calendar!
@RealStreicher @SenateGOP I want any grant money back she received for claiming she was Native American.
Red days = Not in session!
How about posting YOUR attendance for past year. How many votes did you miss?What's your work week?How often are you home/travel?
As much time as you spend on Twitter your constituents probably want their money back too...
Well, I guess I should give up hope for any kind of #FederalPerkinsLoan #relief, the only program not #REPAYE eligible
@m4HRC @SenateGOP They forget whose money it is!
PLEASE!!!  Why aren't you running for President?!
And what's your job? to pretend you're a progressive and then tell us to vote for Clinton? How about you do your job?
@TexDem16 @SenateGOP 
Love her
#DoYourJob !!! Way beyond time to get Some work done in the name of US CITIZENS!!
But U R 1 of them! Are U taking UR paycheck all year long?
@myjojo122 you talking about Obama?
Post a calendar from when DEMS held majority! Do as I say, not as I do? ONLY DEMS repeat lies till "TRUTH"!
and Republicans can't manage to give time off to new mothers
holy shit. THAT many days off? I get 12 days for the whole year...
You first!
Almost as many "days off" as your pal #crookedhillary. She took off again today. #DoYourJob #maga #TrumpPence16
@sherigreatfalls @SenateGOP all democrats should be fired starting with #SickHillary-the world saw her having a seizure #Unfit
I couldn't agree with you more!! Great pay, benefits, retirement, health insurance without working 
if I had known what little work days senators have I would've tried to change jobs long ago. Tk you for your hard work
Who are the "takers"??
You aren't the only one!  GOP complains about costs but that doesn't seem to apply to them - guess they are worth it??
hmm what about ur presidents schedule as well? You and ur friends will be gone soon. WE THE PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH!
@Senate You are part of Congress.  If only your actions were as effective as your words...
Excuse my French!
Who is shittin' who?
This is what civilians call 'part-time/seasonal'. Maybe salary and perks should be adjusted accordingly.
can I get my money back???? Also, seems #deplorable
for 25+yrs running my business,60-80 hrs a wk. Wish politicians had the same consequences I have for not showing up.
then start paying back with those chapter 8 houses you flipped and took advantage of some citizens trying to get by...
Congress sets its own work rules now, right? What steps can the public take to get that control away from Congress?
But teachers are overpaid because the get the summers off. Rrrrrrright...
Can I apply?????
Yeah....umm...I hear Harvard wants their money back too, but I'm guessing that's not gonna happen, is it Pocahantas?
@SpeakerRyan 
#DoYourJob
Looks a lot like the 2012 election year calendar when Democrats controlled the Senate. Are Dems offering a refund?
@TuxcedoCat @SenateGOP Sen Warren is a stateswoman among a cowards. She looks out for us.
so shameful and so much wasted time. Americans deserve better!
Disgusting.
You start first by not taking a salary.  Lead by example. What a tremendously stupid tweet.
@SenateDems @SpeakerRyan @HillaryClinton REALLY? And how much are we paying a year for a work schedule like this?

all lazy bums. We can utilize technology so  We the people can vote on laws on our own #Forthepeoplebythepeople
If I showed up to work in that schedule I would be fired. I don't vote you in to not show up to work.
To think tax payer dollars fund this. My god it's a waste.
we do want our money back. We need it to pay our health insurance.
hey GOP, where do I get #mymoneyback #yourenotdoingwhatyouwheresenttodo I work harder them.
22 Weeks vacation? Not really held accountable to accomplish anything. Sounds like dream job. But a nightmare for US.
@SenBobCorker @SenAlexander Please go to DC and take up the country's business instead of touring TN
Would you happen to have a @SenateDems calendar? I just wanted to compare the two.
what do you do during those days? Tweet?
I agree with you Sen. Warren. Even when it's in session nothing is done...and there should be TERM LIMITS!
This is disgusting!This is NOT what the American ppl want!DO NOT VOTE 4GOP INCUMBENTS! They are LAZY!
senators wouldn't qualify for health insurance under ACA if it were a business
It is the do-nothing Congress.  Just vote 48 times to defend the AHCA.
To be fair, it just saves everyone's time. @SenateGOP can be just as obstructionist while not in session
SUE them!!
Then vote them out!  #DoYourJob
Give US our money back or quit!
This is a damn outrage! No wonder they can't pass anything. They are not in session long enough to do a damn thing!
No wonder they never get anything done.
So does that mean you'll be giving back your annual salary?
thank you for your strong leadership. @AllWomenMatter #womenlead
Wow....unbelievable.......
ridiculous!
agreed!
Wow! That schedule is a disgrace. No wonder we can not get anthing accomplished. Thank you for informing the public @SenWarren
@ELSandFamily @SenateGOP my 4 year old nephew could could that.
@TheDemocrats have the same holidays, everyone is at fault. This is not a 1 sided issue. #DoYourJob
We are lucky we don't get all the government we pay for (and yes, I ended with a preposition).
repubs don't work they complain
Did he forget that we put him there and we can take him out.
21 Weeks that they didn't work? I know unemployed people who work more. $174,000 per year for this?
amen
Wow. Must be nice...
Be fair. They need all that time off to juggle between their spouses, mistresses, rent boys, and corporate overlords.
You're not this dumb, right? Been that way for decades. Quit slinging mud and work.
Once you were my hero now you're tainted and poisoned just like every politician that supports the Clinton crime network. #BBB
This is a joke.  @realDonaldTrump will not allow this to happen as President!!  My mom works more & is retired!!
How does Congress sleep at night? Oh right, a conscience isn't required for their work. #iknowthetype
that's right Warren we pay y'all to get shit done.Well put.We don't pay y'all to vacation all the time
I'll take a check thanks.
I move that members of Congress should only be paid by the day for only the days that they work.
we should get our money back. They're thieving criminals.
#DoYourJob or pay restitution
:$1,168.00 a day, 2 sit on their ass and do nothing but obstruct?!Better ?...Y do citizens keep voting their NE asses n
You shld have supported @SenSanders when it cld've counted. Now you are somewhat irelivant #FeelTheBern #BringBernieBack
ok lets start with your paycheck
Ridiculous!
لأنكم حمير لليهود
#hitthenailonthehead
deplorable! very simple solution, no work no pay 
what!?!? That can't be true it's the youth that is lazy. That's why the country is failing
wow, there's no other employer who would approve such an inept schedule. Oh wait, taxpayers didnt. It must be nice.
salary? mean??? while you have 24 7's fighting terror with their people add harm.
This ought to be a volunteer position.
I agree. Where do I go to get my refund?  (Wouldn't be as bad if something got done WHEN meeting-SCOTUS vote perhaps?)
we require our kids t attend so many days school each year but the house and senate can "loligag" all year & get paid
@sarahtega5 @CarolFracassa
*drops everything. Rushes off to run for Senate*
So do the rest of us!  #Ridiculousness  @tperran
the people of MA should get their money back for the work you have done #disgraceful
yes, EW, please give back your overpaid salary
- Of course, most of us would prefer you did nothing, since you seem to just dig deeper holes.
and tell the white men to stop blocking Obama's Supreme Court Nominees
@NickHanauer @SenateGOP if I worked so few days I would be fired and broke.
Why do people keep voting for these clowns?  I think gerrymandering has something to do with it.  Should be illegal.
Yes - we all want the gov’t to do more. My ass isn’t sore enough!
I #Iwantmymoneyback #DoYourJob
We also pay you NOT to get things done.
do your job Pocahontas
Then stay & work. No one says you have to leave Washington.
The Deplorables
Exactly!  We need to make the change at the voting booth this November!
Senate GOP hates 'lazy' poor people, is actually lazy rich people.
that makes no sense. Yes I want a refund. Who sets up the schedule. The speaker?
looks like a part time job.
AGREE ALOT WITH WHAT U SAID BIG MOUTH SO U R PART OF THE PROBLEM YOU REALLY NEED TO RESIGN U R DOING NOTHING GET LOST
@Desert_Author @SenateGOP I do, and so many others too.
Is it like that every year @SenWarren? I wish the American people were allowed as much time off as the @SenateGOP!
That's insane!!! How much do senators get paid??? I work over 260 days a year and I bet I only make less then half
We realize some are campaigning October 
but only 8 days in NovemberWhy?! They need a rest? Shorten summer brk nx yr!
me too.  I want the $7m back from GOP they spent harassing about Benghazi too.  Give to healthcare costs for Obamacare
I not only want my money back, I want the GOP out, or at very least no longer in charge of the work schedule.
#DoYourJob
we should be glad -they were not there to screw up anything - don't let back into building - be better off
this is ridiculous.
Quite revealing. Curious as to how this compares to the Senate calendar of, say, 1950. Can your staff research that one?
yo why all the time off? Why can't the rest of us have time off? To ya know have kids or just take a break?
MyFellow #Worlds #Humans #Americans #DoYourJob to VOTE @Madam_President @HillaryClinton @timkaine Nov. 2016
I'm sure you are not earning your pay. When are you ever in Washington?
r u suggesting that we pay them only when they clock in at work?  Don't include the dialing for dollars.
What do you propose?! Less talk, more action!
About as many days off as #CrookedHillary ’s schedule. Not fit to be #POTUS
The reality is that Corporate interests pay WAY more though. @TheDemocrats are selling Ambassadorships. Proof enough
If DEMS didn't BLOCK them things COULD get done! Go back to your teepee!
Maybe you can pass a law requiring presidential nominees to provide their tax returns to the FEC!
talk about bankers hours what can a voter do to get these slackers back on the clock
Time to rid ourselves of all these parasites. #Unacceptable
Paid a lot of $$$ for VERY little work.  Seems like very part-time job to me.  Worth half $ being paid..pay cut time?
It's criminal how much these do-nothings steal from us every day.
Shocking. A good example of why nothing gets done.
Most Congressional Reps say they don't like entitlements, yet they act like they are entitled to their position. #Huh
We can tell you where to send the refund checks!
#DoYourJob
Does that violate the 27th Amndmnt, by increasing their pay by working less days on a salary?
you've never voted to raise your pay, I'm sure Faux-chahontas 

Not to mention the inaction your cohorts pulled for 6 years prior
So Senate works 31 wks/year @ $174,000 salary. Bringing hourly wage to ~$140/hour. So little governance for so much $.
@jmreycroft @SenWarren @SenateGOP it's worse than that. Over 75% of that time they are actively fundraising. @60Minutes reported
Thank you, SenWarren for letting the public know this.  Shame on the Senate and @SenateMajLdr
Do Your Job! 
I don't think this is anything new. All of congress are lazy and focus too much time in call banks and raising money
And the @SenateGOP spends most of that time blocking progress and expressing #greed & #avarice over the American people. #GOTV
Right on Sen.Warren! Keep their feet to the fire!!!
The real job of @SenateGOP is acting - as if they're too good to work for us & President's not legit. #BadActorsWorseSenators
I can't decide if a GOP controlled Senate not being is session to screw things up is good or bad.
what the fuck?  Seriously?  Umm. As one of your 300 million plus bosses, I'm cancelling your vacations. #DoYourJob
What do you think about the Clintons stealing the nomination from Bernie?
We do want our money back, and your party shares the blame for that Senator. #DNCLeak #HillarysEmails #JillOrBust
18 weeks off a year? Not including weekends. Where do I sign up?
Qualifies as Deplorable. Just saying.
well now I know why nothing gets done.  Thanks for the enlightenment
they refuse to work with the President so this is it
Makes me want to run for office: 6 yr Navy vet, MBA in Global Mgmt & 20 yrs in int'l business #overqualified LOL
...what's the salary a senator gets paid?
I'm voting a straight blue ticket!!! I'm sick of republican anti-sci, anti-gay, anti-women, antiETC. EVERYONE I love!
how long have you been in the Senate? NOW the schedule bothers you? Go visit Hillary-
You can nap together
How about piece work?  Or maybe part time, no benefits like so many of their donors?
That does look light. But aren't they supposed to be back home working in their own districts on the red days? :-)
they should make average teacher salary. They work less than teachers do.
i bet if paid like teachers they'd do nothing somewhere else, smh.
Republican Politician = Obstructionist/Slackers
you do your f'king job warren! Wells Fargo, pay2play, no fed audit, hsbc drug $, talk  wen ur ethics r in the toilet
Ya'll should really have a forced Monday-Friday 9-5 type of thing
oh come on Pocahontas
good argument for a congressional pay cut
these the same folks who cry President Obama golfing smh
