Larger concern will come from fracking side effects climate effects certain fracking destroys water supply.
Imagine Trump hotels all over our national park systems???
you knowingly mislead people about climate change all the time...
Please, Senator. U need to stop with this nonsense. You are making a duplicitous fool of yourself. Weather?
People will care when food shortages begin
you better start prepping then. The shortages will be due to govt., not climate. See Venezuela
The food shortages in Venezuela have nothing to do with the growing season. It's greed.
who said it had anything to do with growing season? It's the impact of govt taking control
how about if she shows us some facts about climate change or even 1 model that has accurately predicted anything
It's a witch hunt by an overzealous AG who wants corps to participate in the climate change Ponzi scheme.
@MassAGO @exxonmobil
Criminalizing political differences, how despicable. AGOs should be prosecuted for racketeering
political differences are not fraud.
@SenWarren @MassAGO @exxonmobil
Not the climate change accusation again. Don't you have more important things to complain about?
why is the climate changing?
WAKE UP! Climate change is a fraud perpetrated by Banksters; Carbon "credits" is just another global tax.
No! You're misleading people like you always do
and where is the proof that #climatechange is caused by oil and gas?
Is she going to investigate Al Gore & Michael Mann too?
please list what laws were broken regarding climate change.
what laws were broken. Is there a law in any state that says one must believe in climate change? Please list
like you misled people by claiming to be Native?
more made up BS ideology. Kindly tell the ppl the world has not earned in 19 years
Lady, there is more going on in this world right now than climate change. Wake up!
funny... She didn't even use the rule of law with her unilateral ban on semi autos! Just another dem tyrant
how is that possibly breaking the law; please cite the law that makes that a crime @realDonaldTrump
So if it turns out to be a big scam do you go to jail for promoting it?
Hillary is misleading people by telling them taxes will fix this natural cycle.

Hillary vs Mother Nature
Lizzy you are indeed acting like quite the fool.
you knowingly mislead people about gun laws
@SenWarren @MassAGO @exxonmobil
@SenWarren @MassAGO @exxonmobil
a witch hunt over a made up thing climates have been changing thousands of years
Climate change aka global warming is not settled science. We have free speech in this country!
#Goofy
Fracking Hillary is a #PathologicalLiar who #CantBeTrusted & thinks she #AboveTheLaw can u say #DoubleStandards #BernieOrBust
That's your good friend Obama misleading people. It up to GOD and I believe he's pretty pissed off with us.
I urge the AG to also investigate alarmist politicians who lie about climate change for alt fuel corps.
I'm going to guess yes, but I'm sure the courts would say no.
go get em Maura .. make us proud ( as you always do)
No, y'all are seeking to criminalize free speech
predatory profits in the housing market, poor senate legislative record and your claim to Indian  heritage?
@siaayrom @MassAGO @exxonmobil #Stupid climate change deniers making money for big #OIL!
So many lies about climate change by Democrats; hurricanes, temperatures, Arctic ice. Tell truth or shut up.
My little Pony done it.
Who is investigating YOU for knowingly misleading people about the climate HOAX
I bet the GOP wishes Scott Brown lost to Healey on the first go round now for a couple reasons. Go get 'em.
WRONG. @MassAGO is investigating @exxonmobil for having the wrong thoughts. I thought we stopped hunting witches.
@SenWarren @MassAGO @exxonmobil
hello my name is dana Norell please check mr thump email cause he cause force. Mrs Hillway she accpted
@DiamondandSilk @Trump_Videos @AnnCoulter @SheriffClarke
Hitting the fire water a little early today Pocahontas? @SenWarren @MassAGO @exxonmobil #WednesdayWisdom
U sided with the Sith Duchess! Yet ur posting Bernies stuff! Despicable! Ur right tho!
Climate change deniers would condemn their grandchildren to death for their own short term interests
If they did could we please do a class action. They have endangered all of us, and hurt many people with these actions.
Climate change is bullshit, a narrative pushed by the left so that certain elites can profit.
pls support Biafra referendum and freedom from Nigeria. Biafra is our only hope and identity
If he did, he raped her. She would never allow that ugly ass anywhere near her
why are you posting crap on Bitcoin?
