why?
what are you talking about though? What did she lie about? How is she a bigot? Evidence?
none of that is true, actually (She does have native heritage, for example) And none of that makes her a bigot
false. Why do you think that?
The GOP senate will fall in line like good puppies. They always do.
good then in 2 years the balance will swing back.
Only if we keep fighting. If we go silent there will be no momentum for 2018.
the majority voted Hillary and will not be silent...not in our nature.
Within 2 weeks of the inauguration I guarantee you that no one will be talking about #TrumpLies #TrumpFraud
we will be talking about declining property values in Trump areas as most move away from gun tooting misogynists.
We will lose the right to vote & all be dead from racist hate before property values become a problem
I think even the women with no self respect that voted Trump won't put their kids in those schools.  WATCH!
I will not let Elizabeth 'racist' Warren to get away with her racism. We must unite against her racism. #NeverWarren
if you get a little education you will see her as your life saver.
you are probably one of the most annoying women on the face of this god forsaken earth
then stop following her ...
Ray, can't you be more creative?
can you grow up and stop being suckered in by the government
well, ray, tell me why are you in such a tizzy?
sorry Donald won. Maybe in 4 years you'll be happy again <3 enjoy your life kid
thanks Ray, I mean that! But I really don't think it will take 4 yrs! At least I hope not. Have a good weekend!
Says who? You?
you are really a sore loser arent you?accept the the reps won
The GOP is already caving to Trump, even Cruz!  We have to stop this before he takes over and we're powerless. @SenWarren @POTUS @alfranken
@amyklobuchar @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein we can take back the Senate in 2018! @IlhanMN
I don't think we can wait that long. @KylaGraceP @SenWarren @POTUS @alfranken @amyklobuchar @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @IlhanMN
maybe but we can protest and use our own voices.
I agree-what is right is repealing Obamacare and other fascist legislation and regulations put in place over past 8 yrs of misery
you said GOP-need you say anything further?
: speaking of cowardice I wonder about Bernie your party sure took good care of him!
you talk a tough game but what have you done!  Career politician.  That's all you are, how many millions have you made?
who cares!
sure thing Pocahontas!
Political cowardice? Are you kidding me? Where are you? #NoDAPL
No, I don't think they'll cave to you.
elections have consequences how's it feel to be on the other end of the stick pretty crappy huh #nothoughtparty
@KnudsenColleen The Dems need to get angry and fight the GOP...down and dirty. Stomp them into submission! #AuditTheVote
Speaking of cowards, how are you? Protest about a pipeline through sacred land, your people or were you lying about your heritage
they are all chicken shits! STOP TRUMP
the GOP's most treasured values are political cowardice & craven self interest.
umm…look at who you're talking about – they are already falling in line. God save us all.
did you do right pretending to be an Indian to get a fellowship?
I agree with you on Pocahontas. We must continue the fight.
They have done EVERYTHING right holding back your Treasonous President who tried to destroy our country! just stop your hate.
Did you return the $400k you fake raced out of colleges?
.@SenWarren Today Democrats must decide if it is "right" 2 tax people that DO NOT LIVE IN YOUR COUNTRY! Citizen tax'n is amoral & unjust!
@amjoyshow @maddow Not much media attn. about M. Pence trying to hide 12 yrs. of emails?
We The People also need 2 C Trump's TAXES. This also had lost Media attn. #LOSTPOPULARVOTE
Good luck with that. Trump has no intention of ever disclosing.
your cowardace for the last 8 yrs is enough for us to get rid of you. Your up for reelection soon, say bye liar
.@SenWarren Lizzy Warren is a racist anti-cop Soros/Clinton lackey-she will ensure Democrats will continue to lose-House,Senate,Pres.,Gov's
@norvilgirl @SenWarren I will ask again, why is she meeting with Soros?
Trump met with Romney. Does that make him a Romney lackey?
makes Mitt smart 1st time this yr-Trump&R's control Pres.,house,senate,Gov's,states,SCOTUS
& Romney can read a map- massive President-Elect Trump victory-Romney wants to be in Gov't
But does the meeting make Trump a Romney lackey? Read the whole thread
answer was already there-Romney came to President-Elect Trump's site & Trump is decision maker-
A lackey would be like Bernie-someone who folded-had no balls after the DNC/Hillary slapped him around
Can you stop Sessions? #hopeso
.@SenWarren i think they’ve got one helluva streak going.
I would hope that some GOP will protect Americans over party
doing what is right.... pretending to be a minority so you can get a cushy professorship IS NOT RIGHT #pocahontas
but I thought you liked the 0bama administration
A coward is a fake Native American who wouldn't meet with real Native Americans who tried to speak with her.
hectoring liberals don't get that their shtick doesn't work & saying it louder & more frequently won't help
Political cowardice? What is progressive or brave about you silence on #NoDAPL #Sophiawilansky You're all hat no cattle #DemExit
look into the mirror- you didn't back Bernie in the primaries, why? & why are you a no show in #NoDAPL? Political cowardice much?
So do you have anything positive to say (Rhetorical question). Pure negativity worked well for HIllary so keep at it.
As well the Democratic minority must do the same.They need to be united, strongly led and not accommodate any of Trump's agenda.
when will the vote@Audit start. Why would country great as ours let this fascist bring us down-getting away with treason
Thank you Elizabeth Warren. The world is hurting
They're cowards and will never do what is right for the American people, never.
What's right is exactly what Dems did to Republicans You lost get to the back of bus and shut up. Let the adults fix your mess
Dems talk about doing what is right but, it seems to be all talk and no action.
Trump can't trump righteousness and truth. Sentor Warren, do whats right.
Not much of a decision for them.  They will do what is best for their own bank accounts.  I still, however, remain hopeful.
Every time Republicans in Congress wrestle with their consciences, they seem to win.  Can't see how this time will be different.
Also keep us apprised of their attendance records on votes. KNOW Cruz had HORRIFIC record. Good to use against them
Keep us posted on what you object to in Bills they present via TV news media to ENSURE people KNOW
So much for their sanctimonius Religious lie about pro-life, anti-LBGTQ belief when they will kill seniiors/disabled
How will senior on low Social Security retirement be able to afford their doctors & medication? What about disabled?
Same choice between self-interest & political cowardice applies to the Democrats. Will you collaborate or resist?
HMO Medicaid & Medicare voucher program on his webpage now. Killing seniors/disabled. They're pro-life???
He & opposition rumbles he might try to do away with Obamacare inaguration day, but not hearing any replacement
People don't understand negotiation process & need sometimes to give/take for amicable results by majority
Suggested people read, 'Getting to Yes,' by Fisher & Ury Harvard negotiating team
I KNOW there will be need to compromise. Keep trying to educate people on this.
Better you communicate/video/get news coverage so we ALL know & can work with you to ENSURE bright futures
You've got thousands of us ready to opposed Bills we know are good for all. Phones, stationery, petitions to help
I'm following EVERY legitimate news story, reading whatever laws we can find to keep watch on him and opposition
Stay the fighter you've always been & never TRUST him or team. They're NOT to be TRUSTED! Opposition plotting too
We're behind you all the way. Keep us abreast of things where we can ALL help. We're working together with you.
Don't mind what he wants to do to our opposition, but we're fighting like heck to ENSURE Democrats survive!
The opposition is in for rude awakening Their choice is out to get them out, and do away with Democrats per Salon.
@Criticalanglez THE GOP will over look all the corruption of a Trump administration, and it will be extensive
@Karoli I'm sick of being tormented by the GOP who actively works against the American ppl #TheResistance
@Karoli I'm betting it will. I like sure things.
@redhed67 the GOP spent our tax money trying to take away our healthcare. The GOP will take away ACA, Social Security, Medicaid.
u know the @GOP senate will be as corrupt as EVER now that they control house an have #DonTheCon as President, VERY concerning
what have you done for our country? Create more divide? Yep - stop it and try to fix our country not continue with normal BS ! 
It's a toss up I'm sure.
what does it matter to you. You've been at it for an entire term.
in the 60s youth fought establishment Now Kids have to beg them to do their jobs.What the heck?
People like you, Dem and Rep, are the problem w/ govt. See only your own ideaology; missing the forest for the trees.
You wouldn't know what is right & wrong if it slapped you in the face & announced to you what it was.
Stop your mental tirade !  You're losing it.
Spoiler Alert: Yes, it will.
you are not right in the head. Go @realDonaldTrump !!
How soon will the cracks show in the GOP solidarity. Very soon after opening gavel.
And Pocahontas you need to Sit Down & shut the hell up. You're shrill voice is like fingernails on a chalkboard & ur words suck
no we must decide to repudiate antiquated views such as yours that are byproducts of a foregone generation.
In other words, do everything opposite the Democrat leadership, right?
the democrats stole Indian property and lives and they will steal your souls if you vote for them.
Democrats are the new slave owners of America. They are the old slave owners also and the master minds of Jim Crow and the KKK
says the outraged party funded completely by foreign interests and wall street money
You, Reid, Schumer have been doing it for decades.
I like how you admit it's a GOP Senate. Good to see you know you're not in control. Now sit down & stop being an #obstructionist
Go get a job!
with respect if you or Sanders had run we would't be talking about Trump.  It is time to stop partisan politics and work together
hateful...unhinged...bitter....classless
Elections have consequences
they been holding the supreme court hostage for months now, next the whole country and all it's citizens.
It is very unlikely....What else is new?
the definition of political cowardice, would be you supporting HRC. Your party destroyed itself. Support this administration.
just like you asked America to support the Obama Administration. That's what Americans do, right?
the people already said what they want and it was not the Democratic Party and establishment
look what 8yrs of obama admin. has taken us. We become a laughing stock of the world. Shame on you progressive liberals.
Look in the mirror, those are the EXACT reasons your party is on the street. Not surprisingly, you're all still to blind to see.
NO IT IS NOT A BAD DREAM,  grow up soon, else YOU can always find homes in Mexico or Canada
See, another time you are just mean.  Maybe if you said "I invite the GOP and the Dems to work together and do what is right"
Obama was a Great President despite not having "A REAL SUPER MAJORITY!" He only had control of Congress for 4 months.
why is self interest wrong when GOP does it, but right when D'rats do it?
The will of the people.
you have my vote in 2020 for president
The key word here is GOP.  #NASTYWOMENLOSE
We the people stand with Trump's choice!
Lizzy, Baby...Came her for the hypocrisy and gender shaming, stayed for the straight up lunacy. You are amazing don't ever change
did you receive 10% surcharges of TARP money to banks, are you on that leaked DNC email spreadsheet, are you a treasonous felon??
Thank you, Evil only Triumphs when good people do nothing. Xxxxxxx
that was Dems silly
Because when there was a Democrat Senate, you opted for self interest & political cowardice. Everything you did was WRONG, gubye!
The #GOP will always choose self-interest. #cowards
You're talking about the wrong party in this tweet, Senator.
after the bridge to no where stunt they tried to pull this week, are you serious??
the American ppl have decided what is right
what is right for you and your liberals isn't necessarily what's right for America. You lost, get over it!
your party had done nothing right. Exec orders will be wiped, Iran catastrophe DONE, Obamacare DONE - just a bad faint memory
empty threat from a hate filled woman and party.  God bless @realDonaldTrump.  Focus on corruption in ur own house. #pocohontas
GOP senate will do what is needed to repair this country from the last 8 yrs. You just do as told. You have no say or power.
r u talking about the way the dumbocrats passed Obamacare!!! #Pocahontas
And remember Boys & Girls, Legal Immigration & illegal immigration are two different things. No Conflating please.
GOP arent the only senators; the nation, the world, history itself will be watching to see what the Dems do in the next few days
The only coward is you
divisive old hag
you could still set the record straight Pocahontas
Excuse me. Your team LOST. The GOP Senate will do what it was elected to do.  What they think is right.
You like shaming people to do your will.  You didn't learn anything from this election about telling people what to do!
Party nominations short-circuit separation of powers.  We need a constitutional amendment for #NonPartisanElections
#STOPtrump #ThisIsNotNormal Let's see:  feather our nests or do what's right.... Never has been an issue for 99.9% of GOPers
Of course it will...
Flynn & Sessions???? Trump already breaks campaign promise proving he is NOT President for ALL Americans.#restoreourrights
the DEM Senate practiced exactly what you just laid on the GOP. You helped Congress to a 13% approval rating. Keep talking!
Your continued relentless attack of this President Elect proves you unfit to be a Senator. You bully to subvert democracy.
You mean will the GOP behave as the DEMS. have for decades or will they once again uphold their Oath of Office! Duty! Honor!
It's always self interest and political cowardice with that lot. And their base never sees them for who they really are.
pls do something wth tht
homemade bowl on ur head haircut will
you pls wht r u getting scalped weekly or
wht Indians don't like u
Let's talk about how you &hubby made millions with ur Senate influence,shall we? Much more interesting,may come to haunt you 
we have to give them a chance but hold the accountable please try to protect us, our way of life don't let them break up families
Q: who was/is only U.S. Senator head to convict a KKK leader of murder and get the death penalty? A: Jeff Sessions @SenSchumer
Democrats are very experienced in making choices based on self interest Not what is best for America!

Right back at you.
Rumor has it you're really Jeb Bush in drag Will you confirm or deny The resemblance is uncanny
lmao
Political cowardice is a LIB staple
Otherwise U'd tell the truth abt Ur intentions instead of lying & fomenting fear in our Youth
How about putting the entire country first and working together. Do your job. Incase you haven't notice ppl are being voted out
please lead the fight in the Senate to stop Sessions and his hateful positions. Love your friend, Boone (doodle).
and hopefully they decide term limits to get your lying scam artist behind of a politician out of office lol 20 years is enough.
surprise! They won't.
As if the Democrats achieve anything themselves.
i think you need worry about your own damn party,trump will make america great again.yall dems is the noe that screwed us
Ya, you Liberal's have made and done so great?
 https://thehornnews.com/iran-obama-apologized-to-us/ … via @ReadTheHornNe-Obama apologized to usws
no decision there. Why would they start caring now?
People say they want change, lets hope congress check their egos & self interest at the door and do what is right 4 the country.
will u do something? #StopCorruption
Bye Illegal Criminals, and bye ALL Illegals breaking the law. Now that's what right. @SenWarren can you stop campaign plz?
I'm hoping this wonderful woman will be the Democratic nominee & eventual president in 4 years time #senwarren4president
Good God, when have they been anything but?
I know where my money's going. Slogan: "GOP: Doing the right thing when everything else has failed."
