the illiterate poor sick & deceived
are Donalds first wave attack once hes robbed U all
 he will have no use 4U
these are tools dictators use to maintain power over the masses 
Humans Life value will be very cheap commodity
like you shifted support for life saving drugs for #raredisease patients via OPEN Act? It's not a fraud. @realDonaldTrump
Donald want to end the FDA, and just put the drugs out there to  see what happens no testing.
you need to put on a tin foil hat and go stand in your safe space.
Really only if you join me ck out @maddow her Wednesday show some billionaire was talking about it can't remember the name.
I refuse to watch anything that comes from far left socialists. She's clueless
what are you Alt-Right what ever Pepe
Reinstate Glass-Steagall & enjoy the solvency of economic prosperity w/o financial disasters as we did for 60 yr
We need #MedicaidProtectors it helps elderly/ very disabled to survive. Can't work or afford co-pays.
she needs yt help and influence for the judge,  judge being very unfair
GOOD! Your cronies are gonna cry a lot over the next 8 years! #draintheswamp #MAGA
that would create a total disaster!
please leave Medicare and social security alone
Wow Senator Warren, you are OBSESSED with Trump...
he is so bad.
FAKE Senator Warren won't go see Pres Elect @realDonaldTrump won't call him to talk instead she complains
She doesn't have to go see him.

Obama's administration for 2 years didn't give a cost-of-living increase to Medicare seniors 
Angela, that's not how it works. http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/2016-social-security-benefits-increase-unlikely-due-low-gas-prices/ …  @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
never heard that
Wow. Trump supporters will believe anything. Source?
Hills was planning same thing.
You've already gutted it senator warren!!!!!!Please!!!!!!!
please please don't cut our SS or gut our Medicare!  It's our money that we paid into all our working lives
@BernieSanders please don't let Trump mess with our Medicare. We seniors paid it in and we need it plus more.
Please don't let him do this and harm the seniors that paid into this their whole lives
Sure. He's rich enough to not need those programs so what does he care? Scrooge McTrump.
Elizabeth, help stein on recount for Michigan , the judge given her a very hard time with it please
The election’s not over, @SenWarren. The Electoral College has not voted. America was supposed to be “worth fighting for.”
But the election is over, @realDonaldTrump, & now you’re shifting to support changes that would gut Medicare & Medicaid.
If the electors vote with their conscience and for the best interest of the country they'll vote against him.
~ Suck it up people the election is over.
NO HE WONT! So now WHAT???!!
medicare and Medicaid help people. Trump likes hurting people
he's filling his cabinet with the muck he stirred from the bottom. He's going to rob this country blind.
it's time for him to release his taxes! He said he would when he became POTUS ! Can't even say that without disgust! (POTUS )
hey princess summer fall Warren.  Let's give this guy a chance.BHO had 8 yrs to screw it up!!!
I wod expect that you have a look at Michigan before saying it's over
please stop this now. We need you Sen Warren  Please
are you actually trying to reason with him?
He is a liar, Senator.  Plain and simple.
there are already cuts in Medicare for 2017. No one talks about them. Are we taken for fools?
poco when did he ever say that? Never! You are a liar, just like when you claimed to be Indian
Medicare is the only healthcare my elderly parents have
This doesn't surprise me one bit. For a non-politician he's learning politics pretty dammed fast.
warren you can't actually let him be the bloody president! Mother of god. @SenSanders @POTUS @POTUSPressPool

Please Sen. Warren we need you and other strong D to block trump insane cabinet picks.  We are frightened for our future.
Thank goodness we have you. This is going to be tough.
He is not in office yet Sen Warren~let him form him cabinet and be inaugurated!
ARENT YOU GLAD HE IS SHIFTING ON SOME THINGS LIKE NOT GOING AFTER YOUR CORRUT, LYING PAL HILLARY CLINTON.
of course because power grabbers say whatever they need to get more power. And he has it, until he's impeached!
he isn't in office...not doing  anything about those programs yet.
If I were you, @SenWarren, I wouldn't mention the word "shift."
eliz warren get ur facts right not everyone is rich like u and can afford the high deductibles of Obamacare
ALL YOU DO IS WHINE! You are part of the problem!! and CHILL!!
Donald is a phony but we will not let him destroy our great America. We take care of each other.
we need you to be president.
It is shameful what Trumps Team is about to do to our Country. To many died for us to CUT TAXS at this point 
What hasn't he shifted position on?
don't do it donnie. Seniors will rise up against you.
sounds about right. Dance monkey, dance!!
Don't mess with the blue collar workers SS and Medicare they got you elected Mr Trump
Your political games are extremely sad. You fucked us. Bernie & NoDAPL. Sincerely, a massachusetts voter.
give it up plz stop the negative trashing trump stuff. Get a life!
you didn't believe him did you.  One reason Ryan is smiling
couldn't expect The Donald to keep (or remember) his promise. I am sure that kellyann or another surrogate "say what he meant"
Boo boo
his plan is probably for more people to die working so more jobs will open up. That's Trump "care."
are we supposed to be surprised by yet another flip flop from this liar?
Fascism reaches America.
Guess #Trump voters don't need Medicare or Medicaid.
and now people may see what evil a narcissist can do. Very sad Hillary voters will pay also.
mainly because...can we say SOCIOPATH.

like gutting any humane programs wasn't the @GOP agenda from the beginning & the morons voted against themselves
.
.
And not releasing your taxes as promised
.
.
Thank you, Senator, for always relentlessly seeking justice. Proud to be a MA native AND MA teacher!
Duh. What did you expect? Integrity?
typical bait and switch bullshit artist. A snake oil salesman.
the election is still brewing m! We still have recounts! HILLARY could still be our Madam President
PLS! Read all 6 parts of Claire Conner > John Birch Society  alive and well & meeting these goals ..
2 Dems need to understand this is happening to counter Republicans .. pls note goal of PERMANENT Republican control of  state govts  ...
3  watch what states are doing;  restrictive abortion laws 100% guarantee this going to Supreme Court .. which will be Republican controlled
4 this will go their way on everything they want to change .. Dems will sue.. Supreme Court will rule against .. voters laws, everything ..
So please  read about the John Birch Society now known as the Tea Party ... they are quietly fulfilling these goals laid out by Conner.
Perhaps a suggestion: instead of gutting medicare, let's expand it Senator! #MedicareForAll
he doesn't understand the program nor does he care.
His cabinet picks are spelling it out clear as day.The agenda is clear. I'm very afraid for my family & friends
too true.
A lot of people are going to start having some pretty intense #trumpregrets
He's Don the flip flopper
seems like you and @realDonaldTrump have different ideas on to ensure the continuation of Medicare and Medicaid. You = status quo
The people that are going to be hurt have already voted for him so... screw them and loot the system
Objection: The election aint over till the Electors vote. Jury nullification is still in play. #Constitution @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
#TrumpTheIdiot and #KKK_Kabinett will destroy our country
Warren would have won the election. Look at the data. Corrupt DNC wouldn't listen to the folks. Hillary: flawed,
Yes Luzzie, you need to make sure you have it available for YOU
Pocahontas you liar you fraud just go away.
Everything he promised was a SHAM.
shut up warren you are so goofy and weird
LOL at the concept of anyone finding #DaffyDonald normal. #abnormal #eyesopen
Call. Him. Out!
stupid republicans loves to screw everybody
Not gut, SAVE Medicare and Medicaid
It doesn't need to be saved. Republicans want to get rid of it because it costs wealthy money.
It's not like Trump cares about people on Medicaid or Medicare. He used them to win. Now they are disposable.
Yes, and they're going to be really angry when they finally figure that out.
Shouldn't you be @ #NoDAPL fighting with your people?
oh wait you only use the "native" card when it gives you an advantage
