The cure for diabetes is for people to stop eating from a poisoned food supply. Put high taxes on HFCS and diabetes dies next gen
Dear Jesse ,
You said it ! You can check it here also ! Click
most of the money went to the Middle East, isis, And all those islamic terrorist, Obama missing 1 trillion dllrs? My goodness.
what can B done 2 ban advertising by drug companies? Unnecessary & Very costly & would seem to add to the already high drug costs
It's done excellent work for cancer cures. Look at  #ImmunoTherapy for cancer. Many good drugs approved and research funded
good, looking forward to your vote in favor of Right to Try and RESULT.
@KevinDarryl it also says cuts Medicare. Umm.. no!
reduce excessive regulation & maybe cure are found
You are soooo smart. I 1st noticed you when I did the trlr for Capitalism: A Love Story. I so wish you had run for president!
@farfel54 We really need 21st Century #Meddevice Safety Act. #Senate stop harm from FDA-approved #Essure #Mesh #Amalgam #CuresAct
Drs rake in too much money to cure anything
What can appear as a pharma giveaway is a crucial provision to repurpose drugs for very small patient populations
A 5,000 dollar per infusion treatment likely saved my life and function from a rare.  Drug was off label/not covered.
I love your work but your war on OPEN Act and your assumption that people like me are "cozying up to Congress" broke my heart
@MiMi1PokerDiva Now you  start to talk about this
Where is your voice for #NoDAPL?
Like she cares...
Please reconsider. Research funding is needed not later but now.
I've been studying OPEN Act since I was 14.  The "headache medication for Cancer" remark grossly misrepresents it.
.@SenWarren considering cancer patient advocacy groups near unanimously support the bill, do u think u know more about cancer R&D than them?
#pt @SenWarren cancer patient groups support the package. Ur position is patronizingly paternalistic.
all medical research based on men's health...car airbags 2...
FYI, human body modeling research going into vehicle safety right now.  Avg male body has changed, adding female/kids physiology
hi Elizabeth demand et disclosure and their will be release of suppressed cures what's your thoughts on ufos?
join the March Against Monsanto and you will no@longer wonder where these diseases came from nor the cure. Make all farms organic
Obamacare didn't do nearly enough to help anyone- where's your skepticism on that?
and Parkinson's Disease right? I'm sure your good friend would like that cure
The doctors I've talked to are not happy with Obama care many are retiring or leaving groups & starting their own practice
what would happen you made no progress in eight years
we are starting to realize you have a little touch of Alzheimer's. You forget what a liar & fraud you can be. #sorosagenda
what about $ to university researchers where unique ideas get born? Grants been drying up for years! R U surprized no breakthrus
the old D.C. Name game. Put a great sounding title, bait it with garbage and some Americans? Hook line and sinker.
There are none at this point in time ?
real cures would be to stop vaccinating with toxic ingredients with the same toxins in our food!
@MarilynnePryor Research is hampered by restrictions on genetic research using ltd human cell lines, & confidentiality.
and what would you do Lizzie? Talk it to death so you could stroke your ego?  I grew up to respect officials - but you suck.
of course not. Where's the money in curing cancer when you can just manage it and make bucks off big pharma
You r not an Indian! Your forefathers persecuted Indians on the Trail of Tears and starved Indians to death! Shame on you!
You were flipping houses and screwing people out of their profits!! Shame on you!
There is no curing the dead Indian your forefather killed!!
http://legalinsurrection.com/2012/10/elizabeth-warrens-white-great-grandfather-shot-an-indian/ …
U lied about being Indian! Relative u claimed was an indian was in the US Army and SHOT an indian dead!!  http://legalinsurrection.com/2012/10/elizabeth-warrens-white-great-grandfather-shot-an-indian/ …
Dishonest Warren you do all the things you yell at others for doing! Hypocrite!!!
is there a better alternative on the horizon? On a positive note, pharma cured Hep C.
#NoDAPL happening RIGHT NOW
and neither did Obama care
not enough profit in cures
Legalize competition. @SenWarren
@@SenWarren Those of us with debilitating Lyme disease have little to no hope for productive lives until someone like you looks into it!
Drug companies have no incentive to cure any disease...they concentrate on drugs to maintain health...creating consumers for life
isn't that what a drug is all about??
Yes, but a drug you stay on for life is not a cure. My point is profit is in maintenance, not in curing.
And Lyme Disease! The fasting growing national epidemic thanks to unethical dealings  between FDA, CDC, Pharma, and Crooked Drs
we all need to keep moving forward. #wematter
I have severe diabetes!!this Obamacare is bs!!get a grip lady
Pass the bill, then read it. You'll be surprised what's in it.
and she is back. Tim didn't have enough money to win. How old is Nancy ???!
Like Nancy Pelosi.
You sound really unhappy today, @SenWarren. Maybe this will cheer you up?*

*Probably not!
Jack ass
Please watch this documentary film on Womens Rights in USA! Equal Means Equall Help us spread the word
Sorry, Liz...unfollowing.  Can't listen to you say shit when you won't shit about #StandingWithStandingRock
Because they are just looking for profits. It is a shame that the richest country in the world cant decide life over profits.
lol
.@SenWarren How about cures for illnesses r/t oil tainted drinking water sources, no cure I know of? Please Support #NoDAPL & Human Rights!
Wait till the masses get sick with infectious diseases that can affect the rich, you know like cooks, servants, prostitutes..
Of course it doesn't. Curing a disease isn't nearly as profitable as constant treatment.
Everyone needs to watch C-SPAN today to see how OUR elected officials vote. #NoToCuresAct Yhank you Senator Warren!!
It's gonna be a long 4 years, not much we can do, just sit and watch
you're a medical professional now? Nut
Tons of regulations on every area of science. Yet lawmakers clueless about new tech or capabilities. Failed leadership.
There isn't any profit in curing a disease, just managing it.
Thars what I was going to say too. So sad that it's true. Too much profit to be made from the sick.
yes mom cure us!
