@VAPolitical @USTreasury @washingtonpost Hate you Republicans!! Two years is all we need!! Hold down the fort Elizabeth! Coming 
you had 8, tho
8 what? Senate seats? Some said 8 some say 10
8 years 2 of which were FULL dem control. pres and house and senate.
All they did was obstruct President Obama for 8 years! You know nothing!!
how do you think they rammed Obamacare down our throats?
This is a consequence of having #GOP government. NO action for the people's needs...just for billionaires!
|
@realDonaldTrump meant to say he is Restocking the Swamp.
That covers it. :-P
@RobertMihaly1 @USTreasury @washingtonpost Won't be long before they institute debtors prisons 
Essentially we have them already. When the poor can't pay a fine, they go to jail.
Good point
@SaveMain_St @USTreasury @washingtonpost Face it, Elizabeth, they just don't give a damn!
@SaveMain_St and u should have backed Bernie instead of Clinton.  Biggest mistake of your career
I'm one of them I'm terminal and they still want me to pay
It's only baffling cuz U don't get what's going on. $300K/annum for what? tweeting?
#taxationistheft govt biggest organized crime syndicate.
They should follow Trumps example Ignore it long enough and it will go away.I say, none of us should follow the law.
Why are you not writing a bill?
no more free stuff I'm sick of you taxing the shit out of me
Sounds like something the Obama Administration and Pocahontascould have easily have resolved.
Starts from the top as policy you are responsible for. Own it. They are just doing their job.
I just find it EVIL!
because it.  Is a rotten organized crime.  Syndicate
At least!
TO BURY OUR KIDS IN SCHOOL IS #SHAMEFUL!
.@SenWarren @USTreasury @washingtonpost Doesn't trump have conflict of interest
He defrauded ppl w/stu.loans yet he gets repeated bk protect
I prayed that while Russia was doing all that hacking  they would erace all tax records of American
What's so baffling about it? Just one more government institution screwing the people. Isn't that what government does best? #sad
@MAHAMOSA @USTreasury @DaniDougPost it's baffling that you didn't stand with Bernie Sanders or NoDAPL...
nobody can make them. Our democracy is more fragile than I thought and dems seem to have no power
There all democraps, what did you expect? They are after all your party and your lies
baffling that you scream about stuff but haven't stood up for Israel-Obama administration spit in their face
apparently the current president did nothing and neither did you and your fellow democrats! Cowards
of course they won't. they're not millionaires or one of the 1%, or a corporation that "donates" to campaigns
The question is how the 2 bills to correct taxing on the disabled never made it out of committee. Why is that?
Do we not elect YOU people to fix this shit? On the bright side, the nuclear holocaust will fix a lot of this.
@matthewstoller @USTreasury @washingtonpost why doesn't Obama do something, oh yeah he doesn't care.
Our elected officials won't protect US citizens. They're too busy getting rich in politics
absolutely ridiculous. Enough already.  Are you going to put them out in the street?  SHAME SHAME
baffles me how dems are disliked more than trump how is that possible
Student debt is important, but Trump / his followers reminiscent of #Fascists and #Nazis, no? Might need you in that fight more.
#Despicable
@tinadeerhunted @USTreasury really. Change the law. Not decision. Law.
The country is screwed with this nut
Not. Baffling. At. All.
Is it really baffling? Despicable, deceitful...Baffling doesn't even make my top 50 adjectives.
I had a student loan, and I pay for it.If you are going to help them...
One question, did you have a student loan, did you pay for it?
Congress could solve this just pretend it's a tax break for large corporations and immediate passage
create a department system that makes it easy for these people to follow through and get what they need.  Help them.
yet the govt bailed out our banks. Doesn't make any sense
@GreatDismal @USTreasury @washingtonpost not baffling at all. Simply horrendous.
Do they tax Trump's debt?
- that would mean less of our money to waste.
protecting people costs money. It doesnt make the right people richer. This is the America we live in
it's baffling how you won't protect millions for illegals
It's baffling that Dem leadership wouldn't act to get the votes counted in MI PA & WI to protect millions of people.
@matthewstoller @USTreasury @washingtonpost it's baffling that anyone still believes you're a progressive.
@DaniDougPost Why are you surprised? You are one of the do nothing crowd in Washington. Pathetic.
Feds use all their resources on the middle class because they r powerless against the accntnts/lawyers of the 10%ers
They're already protected if they're insolvent. If they aren't why shouldn't they pay?
i wish they'll go after billionaires the way they go after the middle class.
helped children Yemen who are being killed aircraft Saudi Arabia
brought to you courtesy of Clinton for donations to the foundation by Saudis.
Where humanitarian children Yemen are being killed aircraft Saudi Arabia and you silent
Sweden has delivered weapons and systems to Saudi.
Then write the legislation that will stop it.
US treasury & IRS are destroying lives like big banks with no regard 2 future consequence. Great that Sen Warren paying attention
Solving problems for the electorate gains support at election time.
what about private student loans (Sallie Mae etc). Have you forgotten us?
has stolen billions in private property @FannieMae @FreddieMac via Tim Geithner & @BarackObama via Net Worth Sweep!
u mean give away the treasury 2 buy Votes!!  @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls
and yet the racists aka the alt-right make millions for their group and the IRS allows it
Getting ready for the Trump era...
it's not baffling. Its citizens united.
It's baffling that the administration you support abstained in a vote @ UN condemning Israel.
@KamalaHarris ...need work full time then try to see hours/week to commit until obligation is paid.
But Obama Administratio is supposed to be so good
...avenues for their careers. @KamalaHarris There are many areas they may work: municipal, state, fed. If they
Why not substitute for work and require government service to fulfill their debt obligations. Many will find good...
Btw, I read that money is coming from SS. Why is that?
C'mon Senator. We support you, but you keep telling us what we know.  We need actionables to get behind with you.
