sounds like hate everyone you tweet Trump is negative so stop the hate . You afraid he going to win? He should. Trump
if anyone actually believes ur statement, I must question their sanity
uh huh...well perhaps you should also address the hate & bigotry in BLM.
Oh please.  Such a phony.
must turn DC blue in November
And let's not elect Trump the worst for Prez.   Come on America wise up!!!
Maybe you can sponsor a bill to support law enforcement.  Then you can say you are doing something other than Tweeting.
your really not a nice person are you?  You stir up negativity and show anger and hate in all your tweets.
@MonsterMarcia @HouseGOP If the worst weapon available was a club at least your eye to eye.Guns the preferred weapon of cowards.!
you accuse house GOP of holding meetings to legalize hate? That's all you do is hate, Senator. You are very hateful, spiteful.
Read: manifesting thier only default mode.
Hi Elizabeth, The instilling fear & hate for a vote is starting to physically effect my heart. Cant hear anymore it is insanity
BS. You are vote pandering again. It's not legalised hate, it's standing up for people's religious liberty and rights
yes all the while promoting it along with bullying
Honest to petes  sake!!  Are you for real?? You sound like a ding Bat!!
If hate was illegal, a cursory review of your tweets would land U behind bars! Nasty woman. Nasty Senator. Shameful!
Good grief....you are delusional. Stop spreading lies
what have you done besides be hateful? You immediately claim all GOP hate women and gays. Yet no proof of that.Tiresome
And what are the Democrats doing???  NOTHING!  Just like you have done during your term in office.  NOTHING!
they are so clueless! I hope they lose every seat in play!! #clowns
- The GOP is legalizing hate?  Islamophobia, Homophobia, Women hating? Xenaphobia?  That would be a "hate crime".
You are the one using the word HATE....it's a Dem buzz word!
I have see the most hate from the DNC and Hillary and you!
And YOU Ma'am contribute to it with HATEFUL rhetoric!  GROW UP, you are a U S Senator!
Its called weak Presidential leadership
They protecting your free speech rights on Twitter despite all your hate spewing?
you're speaking hate right now. Who's going to stop you? #AllLivesMatter
Your hate and fear mongering are equally distasteful
And you & @HillaryClinton want to bring in thousands more terrorist threats. I think that's a little worse Sacajawea!
And Obama has meeting with #blackliesmatter activists. Domestic terrorists group.
RT O didn't do anything but destroy country,nor did crazy Lizzy in Senate zip @KathyBeacraft: @SenWarren ... http://tmi.me/1feXmH 
I am not for the Dems or Reps because you are two sides of the same coin.  Worthless politicians!
you are a total hypocrite.  You call everyone out for being divisive then turn around and spew hate speech
yeah all under the Obama administration and Democrats in power! Crime rates are higher terror attacks are more imminent
and legalize what hate? Sure do wish you would cite some of these tons of angry negative tweets.
sort of like Obama playing golf today?  The people do pay them to work. Or... Pay you all to work. So a hearing is bad?
another lie. You and hitler hilary make a good pair
hate? Are you that clueless?
something that @BarackObama started.
while Obama and Hillary have done nothing except strongly condemn.
Nut job! #Socialist
you permit Muslim attacks with your intentional porus border and immigration policy, therefore shut your ly'in piehole
Have you listened your your own hateful mouth EW?
ELIZABETH YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE NOTHING MORE!!!
Yep lots of tragedies that Obama has done nothing about how many more need to die?????
>legalize hate

The more you tweet the more I realize you must be suffering from severe brain damage.
Tragedies fomented from weak liberal elite policies. Make America Great Again! #VOTETRUMP
You have done nothing since you've been in office with exception of getting pounded for your "heritage" claim !!!
Hillary?
Most of what you're saying is a lie.  You're running for office, do you really want people to see you as dishonest as
your not doing much too, you even attend fundraisers that have know nra host who bring same donors, jeff who?
what have you done? Demonized legal gun owners. That helps nothing.
@sherrilee7 @HouseGOP This Republican Duo is a Tragedy Right Now!! 
What happened in France will happen to US if Hilary gets elected.People,wise up,stop her,Vote @realDonaldTrump
@jaketapper or like last night with that wasted townhall pushing more hate
let throw the obstructionist GOP out, and give America a chance to move forward.
They have got to go
LGBT = Let God Burn Them #IStandWithHateSpeech
hates always been legal. You planning to outlaw it?
angry
I just do not understand that hateful party......
.@SenWarren @HouseGOP — It is their nature.
@LisaKBromley @HouseGOP
Let's crash it with silly string and rainbow confetti. and smores, lots of smores.
How did they totally block out caring for one's fellow man? They are frigid cold!
@SenWarren @HouseGOP
@SenWarren @HouseGOP
Culture of gun lovers:
Your lies and hyperbole are the source of hate. Try having an honest debate for once in your life Pocahontas.

.
Your lies and hyperbole are the source of hate. Try having an honest debate for once in your life Pocahontas.

.
not just this month....pretty much every month.
At least they aren't selling out to Hillary!
blablabla what else is new?
.@SenWarren they are legalizing an emotion....? where as you want to make certain emotions illegal. @HouseGOP
of course they are because they are SO disconnected from the people they are supposed to be representing. Depressing.
I did not realize hate was illegal. Turn yourself in already!
Look up hate & u will c GOP & Trump. Added him Separate  since w all know he's not rep
the same thing they always do - make life harder for Americans
Warren stop twisting people's words. Narcissists are well know for doing that.-just like my ex #narcissists #foxnews
sickened by you and now Sanders SELLOUT. You disgust me, another fake hypocrite liar #Jill2016
@SenWarren @HouseGOP
you were sitting on the house floor when the worst month of planned Obama shootings being planned
one of these tragedies was your selling out to Clinton
how about setting an example and join together to assure citizens instead of complain about each other #Americans #USA
they are can't pee.
~ #NeverHillary #VoteJillStein #DemExit
@stanc1ss @HouseGOP Whatever happen to life, liberty and the pursuit of happeness?
I thought these ppl swore to uphold the constitution ?
and I thought the constitution says "all men are created equal"
We cannot let this happen.
Hateful HouseGOP loves NRA, "The Gun Violence Lobby"#GunViolenceLobby
Plus a 4+ hour hysterical Judiciary Comm hearing on Hillary Clinton's emails. This will run thru Hillary Clinton's 1st term.
isn't the emotion of hate already legal?
makes me sick!!
At least they're doing something.
Get real lady..LEGALIZE HATE, come on now.Unite America.Stop dividing us.Positive, constructive, non-partisan posts pls
bc it benefits the @GOP to keep us busy squabbling over scraps they leave for 99% lets them continue business as usual
The Republicans haven't killed anyone.Liberals, Obama & BLM have created this environment of hate towards the police!!!
how come we haven't heard your big mouth speak up about the 3,000+ kids that have been shot in Chicago?
What the hell are you talking about lady.The Dallas terrorist killed the officers in the name of Black Lives Matter.
A loner who killed police in the name of Black Lives Matter.Don't ever forget that.
. @SenWarren @HouseGOP The #GOP are #Dimwits . #VoteOutGOP #Voteblue
@SenWarren @HouseGOP
still trying to put our NEXT Prez Clinton in bad light as they tried wit Prez Obama. Bunch of bores.
haha coming from sellout nb 1, when is sellout nb 2 joining the table? You guys should get matching Tshirts #SellOutSanders
Warren, you and dems pushing the divisive hate narrative. Stop it! Get along with your fellow senators. Stop exploiting
of course they are, why do something constructive now?
how can u and Bernie endorse Hillary when she lied and put us at risk with her 'careless' use of classified mails
democrats the party of slavery,control,oppression democrats foster the hate to keep us oppressed,controlled,as slaves
Republicans it's time to put your words into action - where's the discussion on guns?
yeah! GOP sucks
It's already legal to Hate. I Hate Kale!
shut up liar
but could it pass even if all Sen. Dems vote no?! O_o
Mind numbing,ludicrous, stunning MUST VOTE THESE PEOPLE OUT,wont auth war/hold hearing for Merit=too much
"legalize hate" Why talk like that?  Overblown extreme speech on both sides is a huge problem.  #STOPITNOW
You forgot to tell what bill(s) that is so we can go to http://Thomas.gov  and see for ourselves.
THEY HAVE BEEN HATING FOR THE PAST FIFTY YEARS. RIGHT NOW THEY'RE SINGING THEIR SWAN-SONG.
Did u submit a bill to ... well, what bills did YOU submit this month?
Did U submit a bill to ban usury?
Did U submit bill to allow 100% of student loan interest as deduction?
When you stand with Hillary your message is deceit, corruption, selling-out working class for big biz= hateful behavior
We have to put crooks and liars in jail do you agree?
No one pushing hate.... STOP this rhetoric.Leads to more anxiety. Is this what you want??
that's what the GOP is all about
GOP=idiots
#FightThePower Liz!
No they are not...you lie more than any politician I have ever seen.  Christ you are divisive.
the gop is the scourge of these GREAT UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.THROW THE BUMS OUT!
u are correct,and one of the tragedies is the way the AG is dodging questions. But of course this is fine with your ilk
we forgot u for second u were the one lying that u r native American. So lier support lies that's proven fact.
Vote Dem in every House and Senate race, time to take back Congress from the H8ers running it into the ground.
She has being the job she was elected for. To put the GOP in its place
Didn't the American voters say they preferred the GOP to the democrats?
Trying to hold CRIMINALs ACCOUNTABLE...isn't HATE! But we all know you support KILLARYS criminal acts!
With Trump as the leader..let's try peace...communication before we resort to Trump...
We #hate the @HouseGOP
Typical Republican maneuvers to spew their hatred against ethnics and women!
Typical liberal - submit no bills and complain her bills aren't being considered.
you tell Ms Warren. GOP wasting taxpayers money.
We are hating way too much. Got to come together, hold our hands and talk and walk peace. Enough with anger!
You go Elizabeth! Our next vice president! #ClintonWarren2016 #DealMeIn #RunLikeAGirl #ReadyOnDayOne #Hillary4thewin
Democrats need to get tough with Republicans don't let them take our country backwards
Hearings to find out why your Hero is a liar and cheat.
u are so right.  They never want to talk about the real issues.  Never Trump
#2 for the month is Bernie getting out of race
No interest in #guncontrol , but the #GOP does love to discriminate
you nervous they put a provision people can hate against people who claim to be something they aren't?
why not push Clinton on campaign finance reform? Take some real action instead of these symbolic gestures.
Bring yourself up to date on Clinton's platform - campaign finance reform on top of her list.
Sounds like they are embracing how Muslims do things
thought you were part of the senate? I've proposed several bills that don't infringe on due process, and yet you insult
that's not dramatic at all
Liz, tell your F girlfriend @HillaryClinton pack her bags & withdraw for #Corruption #Emails #Benghazi ! 
#Tatiana
#tatiana
Shouldn't you be yelling at Wall Street/Hillary Clinton?
Obama was the #1
it's what they do best, sadly.
And what is @POTUS doing about it?????
@SenWarren @HouseGOP
