@realDonaldTrump Warren, the Dems burnt their bridges with the coal miners compliments of one Hillary Clinton, stop grasping
Did @SenWarren get paid any Terrorist Bucks to speak at Boston mosque with terrorist ties! https://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/12/boston-islamic-center-with-ties-to-multiple-jihad-terrorists-hosts-interfaith-call-for-peace … #NoRefugees #BanSharia
It appears miners should have been voting democrats all these years.  To late now to reel back in those lost pensions , KARMA!
evidently you don't know about the demise of coal, neither party could save coal cheap gas more profits, google it!
demise of coal? not under Trumps watch. he's not here to make profits for foreign oil companies
evidently you know nothing about the coal industry and it's own demise, Cheap clean Natural gas !
All of a sudden the Dems want to do something for the miners they put out of work! Too little, too late!
WTF y'all put them out of business
the repuks will vote it out later they know with control it's a gonner!  repuks win, miners lose, shouldnt vote against yourself!
Yeah google tells you the truth right? Sorry dude but your point is lost with rest of the tardocrats.
whatever Pocahontas - nobody believes you
and please, stop sending me your emails asking for 7 or more dollars.
Trump & the GOP with assist from Russia are installing military leaders & autocrats into powerful positions. Leaders do nothing!
Why are going to a jihadis mosque link to go and talk ???
wells fargo should be investigated for mortgage fraud. We were one of their victims
@anesam98 Senator: promises are just an excuse to air incendiary ads for the ruling party. One can’t reasonably expect any action
you put most if them out of work. Pennsylvania baby. How's it feel going thru life in a man's world
it's a little too late, remember, the election is over, hello!!
how ironic is that, since your crooked buddy, wanted to put coal miners out of work. Your disgraceful.
now you care about miners.  You supported HRC putting them out of work.
on now you r 4 our miners? Didn't u support HRC 4 President, the nut job that wanted to put coal miners out of business?
shut up lizzy - nobody cares what you have to say. Go away
The miners are going back to work my dear. Democrats have ruined their lives.
why are you speaking at a Jihad supporting mosque today!!??
Announcing my candidacy for 2nd district Massachusetts United States of America in 2018.
5 Tweets about coal miners, ZERO about Russian hacking the election?
thanks for all the normal grandstanding, right before the Dems fold. #takeastand #shutitdown
instead of always seeking a negative regarding @realDonaldTrump maybe try supporting America just once & give him a chance. Omg!
,  I think the democrats should have more news conferences with the public to keep people informed.
he knew this so he played a mind game with us so we could defend that there was not going to be no cheating because he had it in
that's why he kept saying that the elections were going to be rack it's because it was going to be for his benefit and we fell
ABD büyükelçisi dişileri bakanlığına çağırılmalı ve teröre ABD'nin desteğini  kesmesini istemeliyiz.
Where is Democratic leadership & outcry over Russia influencing our election?! #StopElectoralCollegeVote http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/09/us/obama-russia-election-hack.html …
you can use all that bogus green energy money you waste. #trumpwon #hillarylost
You're joking right?? That's cute how you forget whose side you were on when the mining co didn't want to pay those pensions!
where are the Democrats in the Russian hacking.
your party is pointless
you busy? What exactly are Dem leaders doing today about the impending Russian / Trump plutocrat coup of America?
Congress should investigate #RussianHacks immediately!  #ComradeTrump #NotLegitimate #CorruptMcConnell
If u r so concerned about coal miners STOP TAKING THEIR JOBS AWAY. Two faced lying opportunist lib.
70 year promise, I would say its time for a new senator.

Miners voted for Trump. Let him help them
Senator...I trust you will go meet with President Trump....and talk to him about your issues....before you spout off ..
so you have decided now, post a failed election, to jump back on the coal miners bandwagon? All for publicity?
why, im sure they all voted for Trump, let him take care of them like he said he would
Stop Trump! Lock him up!
it's you dems who put them out of business
consolation for destroying the entire industry? Fools.
You are doing this to help Miners, you're just helping the Unions get more money. I wish when Reid goes, you & Pelosi would go to
Dems WANTED to put coal miners out of work and NOW U act like your trying to help them!Dems are just full of it!!! #MAGA
is it true that Trump has succeeded in getting some kind of block to the women's March in Washington in January?
absolutely right!!!
you denied an interview request by the @BostonGlobe about your role in the LTV Steel case re: coal miners health benefits?
when she spoke about renewable energy?  And now Republicans won't support the miners pensions. BIG SURPRISE   #hypocrisy
I thought the Republicans were in love with miners...didn't they act like Hillary was trying to kill them all
Your Bff
@WiseOldQueen You didnt have the votes. The GOP sold out those who voted for them in the recent election. winter is here!
your right they should as people like you made sure they had to retire
you are so full of it. The reason the coal miners lost the health care and pension is is because of>
Obama's regulations on the coal industry putting many of them out of business>
You and the progressives are the Problem President Trump will put MINERS BACK TO WORK AND THEY WILL GET IT BACK. LIAR WARREN.
Must have a handsome prince  in ur building He closed his eye n kissed u U had to be sleeping  4 though 70 yr U did nothing
IT IS NOT THE TAXPAYERS JOB TO FUND UNION PROMISES. Not long ago HRC said your jobs are going away
Thanks, Senator Warren. You are our hero for the middle class.  Keep on fighting.
thank you senator warren, our labor union brothers and sisters are relying on you
You don't care about Miners Liz you hate them stop faking it 
Go to Trump Tower show America your ready to work 
@realDonaldTrump
@Kris_Sacrebleu @YouTube Miners or minors. Huh?
After 70 years, it is now suddenly and imperative to pass the bill now. Why?
tell Murdoch that and i am sure you will have a deal
OH Now you all care about the miners.
Trump does not care about anybody but his narcissistic self
the same miners that you and your people have been trying to put out of business?

trump so concerned with coal mine jobs what about these miners and families.
Republicans seldom keep the promises made, unless it's to a millionaire.
If you like your plan u can keep your plan... ACA will save you $2500 per year... blah blah blah
Medicare for All - NOW! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SchCRMbzVnk&t=887s …
keep up the good fight senator! Funny that middle America thinks the cons fight for them...to quoted the PE, "wrong!"
If it's up to Trump & his EPA guy, miners should be back to work soon. Hell with the environment
Where were you when the Dems had the majority. Zzzzzzzz
Thank you Sen. Warren. You make Massachusetts proud.
GOP Congress? Funny!
Didn't they vote 4 DRUMPF Bamboozled by the con artist 
Why are they so special?

What about the telecom co that blew my vested pension fund out of the water?

Make good on that as well
Why doesn't Congress take care of this promise?  What is the problem?
Ms. Warren pardon my ignorance, but why hasn't this already been done on a 70 yr old promise?
@Kris_Sacrebleu @YouTube ...insulting each other like children
people have got 2 remember the republicans are all bullshit,promise you everything,after election they don't even know U
@Kris_Sacrebleu @YouTube you should encourage your colleagues especially to try to be professional instead of devolving into...
thank you sen warren
You're the only person whose tweets I like and retweet before reading them.
it's your democrats that are failing to make this happen
I support you
Maybe miners should stop voting for republicans who only care about the coal company CEOs livelihood. #suckers
we need to all agree to this,!
@FoxNews @CNN @steelworkers @realDonaldTrump Meanwhile Donald is aligning with billionaires not you, not saving healt insurance.
@FoxNews @CNN @realDonaldTrump @steelworkers Once again it’s only Dems trying to fight for your rights while GOP says no.
since U refuse 2reply to my multiple requests about being called shrill you either agree or don't want my support fine #UlostMe
Where is Mitch McConnel on this mr senator from coal KY
and why did u and dems not do it sthu.
Dems don't control the house or senate. They don't bring things to the floor for a vote.
and
@@SenWarren Elizabeth Warren= Mother Jones :) and we all know who she was ...
since when has Congress ever held on to a promise...#soscrewed #goodluckwiththat
.... and we will steal your pension, promise.
AGREED
so 70-year-old promises are more valuable than 30-year-old employees? Remember it's the 30-year-olds who must pay those promises!
those 70 yr old worked hard for years & deserve what they were promised. 30 yr olds not be here if weren't for them!
the miners you Democrats wanted to put out of business
wow do you see still operators from the 50's.? It's called progress. Time to try new safer energy.
Like I said, this is where you begin: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksIXqxpQNt0 …
If you had ran for Pres, endorsed earlier or called out DNC fraud favoritism, might have been a Dem taking office to push this
If the majority 3 of the swing states had been decent people with respect for women, Hillary would have been elected.
Many decent people in those States, that OURS IS BETTER THAN THEIRS attitude cost enough to hand over victory
Thank you!  They deserve what they have toiled to get!
@morningmika says you just sound shrill again any comment
And you should've been against the DAPL months ago.
