WE TO MUST LISTEN EVEN US OR HAVE YOU FORGOT our great full president Elect Trump is the one who stop it
I'd like to know how & who orders independent investigations. TY
While contacting Dems on twitter, I noticed that many Dems have back stories of corruption?  How does a fine fix integrity?
oh senator I can't wait until your a nobody, Jan 20th can't come soon enough.
what about our president elect?
How many violations of the Logan Act before he actually gets prosecuted?????
@YouCowardlyLion After Comey manipulation to back Trump, do you seriously expect FBI to do real background checks?
how about you resolve your ethic issues
FBI compromised!
required
But will R's enforce this for tRump?  The rules do not seem to apply to him.
Who gets the msg across NO PERSONAL BIZ , NO FAMILY IN GOVT BIZ?
FBI checks? Ur Hillary couldn't pass a FBI check and u wanted her as president. #liberalhypocrite

Does the FBI tell Trump send his kids home their false authority sliding into treason@ theyall disregard law
Right now, I'm more worried about @realDonaldTrump blowing us all up with nukes. We're feeling powerless abt our own survival
We're worried here too! All of us are feeling like just when the pilot says "brace for impact."
even income tax returns. I though cnn said he doesn't have to.
Trump should also go thru FBI check & taxes should be revealed
@Melacook0515. Yet Trump will make sure the FBI does what he says, they already did when Comey interfered with the election
Not enough...they'll try to weasel thru it.
Congress & Senate must on your toes & expect the unexpected!!
I am assuming the RNC nor the DNC "vet" the Presidential candidates because if so....then we wouldn't have who we will be having!
@callout4  So get busy to keep up. Trump is a machine!
Yipee for once. Thank you for the info Senator Warren.
maybe this should also be extended to ANYONE seeking to hold a major public office... Like maybe President?
Is this the law or just a political norm? Trump won't care about norms....laws he must follow until he changes them....
unfortunately #FBI is just a #republican electioneering entity.Nothing will happen. #GOP house will allow law breaking w impunity
I am still in exile, and the way politics look up there I am better off down here.
@Ringuette America is plummeting into a constitutional crisis. Electoral College relic of White Male colonial rule. Fix this !!
Please add mental health assessments. Seriously. This is terrifying
will that be the process this time?
requireD. As in have in the past. Will you be able to do it now, when it  may really count?
Why didn't they do that for Obama?
@moonalli The illegitimate prez elect has whopping conflicts of interest. He is selling America for his personal debt. NOW FIGHT.

His idea of draining a swamp was refilling it with the worst possible people he could find that fit his contaminated candidacy
thanks for the info--good to hear we have some checks/balances is place here
This should be some good reading
that would have been awkward for Hillary then huh?
Either there are clearly enforceable punishments, and ejection timelines from the cabinet, or those agreements are a joke.
Ethics agreements? You mean like that agreement @HillaryClinton 'forgot' she had greed to, regarding national secrets?
Poco never use the word ethics, we know you don't have any. Remember your Indian heritage
robber barons of old resurfacing. Let's hope this is their last hurrah. Not a new beginning
@SharonW4510 - Congratulations, you are the antisemitic party.
Pete, not sure what you mean by that.
- the abstention against Israel today at the UN was the final blow against the Jewish State after 8 years of blows
That is very unfortunate. It pains me to think that we have given insult to Isreal, or anyone at the UN.
How come DJT wasn't made to release his tax returns. I, too, am worried for our nation. #NoNukes
@ImageFeeder scuse me but I bet that changes this year.
@ImageFeeder Thank Jesus!
and why hasn't @realDonaldTrump been held to the same ?  He's most questionable at this time
please make sure that happens with this group.
@Ladydoedoe70 New rules coming to do away with that pesky vesting process.
I'm betting 'Ts' don't...
I feel like you Dems are doing NOTHING! "we'll work with him where we can".... Um, is THAT you 2018 midterm strategy? #Weak
that was before this new era of electing this absurd narcissistic bombastic Putin loving money hungry bitch of a tool!
@Lee_in_Iowa Not always.... wait and see.
Thank you! The tsunami of bad news and bad decisions make the future seem terrifying.
Do you really think that is going to continue? According to KellyAnne, Americans don't care about that stuff.
@damonbethea1 Is COMEY in charge? What a joke!
Please request all trump's nominees show their tax returns as well as trump.
I think you meant to write "used to"
the same FBI that was in collusion with the RNC to influence the election and install Russia' puppet, that FBI?
please don't bend. He's doing whatever he wants like a dictator. @SenateDems will lose constituents rapidly if you don't stand up
how about PEOTUS trump having a background check, those include debts - he owes lots in US & to foreign banks/govts = COIs
FBI is corrupt. Just block these charlatans starting with Tillerson!!
I'm sure Trumplestiltkin probably thinks none of that's necessary for his people, as he only hires the best and brightest....
@Erich66 and release at least 10 years of tax returns
please find a way to protect us from the unprecedented corruption, self dealing and threat of war he's bringing to DC
:then how did you ever get in there? Like a snake you slithered through!
demand tax returns!
new rules @realDonaldTrump
Can't trust the FBI. Don't believe anything will come of "background checks." The alligators are coming and will be let in.
What about @realDonaldTrump. Does he not get the same scrutiny?
exactly
hold them to the background check and tax information. Fight @SenateDems
You watch: Rs will make an exception for this Administration.
As Senator you can place a hold on the nomination (a la the GOP with Obama judicial nominations). Don't tweet - act now!
Any law requiring R's to follow through with requirements?
Now more than ever. They need to release tax returns also!!!
Comey Needs To Resign or Be Investigated & Charged with Treason.#NOFACISTUSA
let's hope this requirement is met
Hope they don't bend & break those rules & protocols
so we are relying on Comey to be the judge on ethics? That's almost as bad as the cabinet appointees skills match their offices.
We also need to see their tax returns!!!!!
pay to play Liz
with Comey at the helm,  should not be a problem for Trump to get his picks through. Tragic for Americans.
a simple mental health test would stop all these bozos and most of all @realDonaldTrump
Please have a plan ready. The PEOTUS has no intention of doing so. So far, all his criminal behavior has only been unprecedented
I'm counting on you.
You are one to talk about "Ethics" Ms Fake Indian..
Hope this is not empty #ToughTalk. Will D's have the guts to slow & maybe even "obstruct" Trump's #Minions in congress? We'll see
I don't see any republicans stepping up and I don't think we will. Their busy celebrating  in their authoritarian wins.
I hope that they are investigating Trump and his picks the way they investigated Hillary and her emails.
Wah, Wah, Wah. Blah, Blah, Blah.

please Senator Warren don't let the dems role over. Use everything you have. No olive branch. No, no and no. Counting on you
Unless it's actually a law they will bypass it,legally maneuver around it. whatever they have to do. be weary very weary
it's too bad the same is not true for presidential candidates!
Hold feet to the fire! We're counting on you, #AuntElizabeth.
American traditions are now null and void. DT is not a president. He is a dictator.
Always used to. Hope you can acknowledge the new reality
Then why is @SenateMajorityL and others saying they won't do with Tillerson? Seriously someone needs to restore sanity in govt
Trump & his cabinet picks need psychiatric help. I hope their jobs do not require actual work b/c rich people do not work.
@SenBobCorker has implied otherwise
Hold them accountable!
FBI background, checks, huh? GOOD THING WE CAN COUNT ON THE FBI TO BE HONEST AND IMPARTIAL
what about NatSec? I know not subject to Senate conf, but any background check at all?
https://thinkprogress.org/michael-flynn-kgb-mind-reading-equipment-us-government-9741fc0f80c4 …
FBI just isn't trusted by a lot of us. You are one of the few we see work hard. GOP & FBI have personal agendas here
why haven't you retired yet your old enough
but do R's and D's have the balls to enforce it? It's the R's and D's fault ignorant Americans even had Trump as a choice. Thanks
The BiG HeisT~ DT Destroy economy, bank & get personal debts paid by us destroy foreign affairs. Rex T. is in it w/ Putin 2 easy
if the FBI every did a background check on every dem, three quarters of them would b in jail @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls
Sen. Warren, we are counting on you to protect our democracy. Senate is last line of defense against Trump.
what about mental health checks for all elected officials including POTUS
Maybe it you Sen.W to get those taxes of his, Sussana Craig has reports of some debts of his. dt will bank big playing president.
Not going to happen this time
@LindaKe18525 At least til now!
.@SenWarren No passes for the un-vetted! What's in the punch that normalizes the immoral, unethical acts? #DoBetter
@realDonaldTrump If only this covered presidents as well... #PrecedentDementia
speaking of ethics, what type of educational advantages did you enjoy by impersonating a Native American? #MAGA #FridayFeeling
This is a travesty his "picks" of corruption & tax payers paying for multiple residences multiple security & will destroy economy
And? A YUGE orange thug with raccoon eyes is running the country, yikes!!!! Seriously, who is working for the people???
With the trick that Comey pulled on Hillary in the election, how can we trust the FBI?
AND TAX returns
Background should be done on dt the world knows he's a con & an idiot that will get us blown up. Most of us see Gov doing nothing
Did that apply to HRC?
Now says Ivankas & her husband wil "work" in WH. Exxon Rex & Putin need those sanctions lifted to line their pockets.
: Q is, can the @FBI & @NewYorkFBI be trusted to do ethical work? W/CORRUPT Comey as head, it's doubtful. #CantTrustTheFBI!!
.@SenWarren 
Are drug tests included?
it seems unless you're trump
.@SenWarren FBI? F. B. I.? Are you KIDDING? In what ALTERNATE UNIVERSE do you imagine we'll EVER trust the TRAITOROUS FBI again?
GOOD. Stay on top of those filthy pigs.  We appreciate it!
Thx Sen.W, why didn't doncon get financial checks. It's inexcusable.Most of us don't trust FBI GOP DT is self dealing right now
The Crew coming 2 D.C. 1/20/17 doesn't care about Rules. U won't beat them the way U goto War; Rules R 4  Honest
#FridayFeeling
please ensure it happens
Who's checking on our corrupted FBI.?
Until now, apparently. R's don't care! Party before nation. #GOPFail #GOPLies #NotMyValues #NotOnMyWatch #VetsAgainstTrump
That's what I was thinking.
Nobody is going to jail on either side. LOL There are no laws against insiders. You are kidding Senator. Right. Just a joke?
hope that works. Trump playing by his own set of nonsensical rules. Maybe someone could read him constitution cliff notes?
Can't Trump be stopped from taking over foreign policy before he is sworn in?
He shouldn't be changing US policy before inaug.
if the peotus can ignore this what checks and balances are in place to stop his cabinet nominees doing the same?
There need to be laws in place to qualify presidents and no-approval-needing picks for mental stability and sound character.
yes - but will gov complete these checks before approving the appointments?
@realDonaldTrump's involvement with Russia should be checked, too. Where's his background check? #popularvoteloser
yes you of all people who made $$$ as a Native American professor should hammer someone on ethics. Go with that
How about Presidents?  Tied to foreign  money launderers?
Is there not conflict of interest when foreign ministers stay at Trump hotel in Washington? Trump is not a normal politician.
Do you still think the FBI is something other than an auxiliary support for the GOP? Please. Stop. Just… Stop.
Get over youreslf, and accept that your #Moonbat ideology was defeated last month. You lost.
stop barking and go shut down Fraud Federal reserve and Wall Street Casino now. Demo-Rats & neocons
You go girl! Don't let us down. #onlyhope
Welcome to the Age of the Cheeto Fuhrer. We need people like you to delay, deny, and disrupt at every turn.
What about Congress? Your problem is that you are ALL talk, no ACTION! Very disingenuous!! #draintheswamp
Good! Senator, how strongly are you moving forward on that in order to protect our interests?
How does it feel to align with the party of oppression, racism and the KKK. The D platform has always been about racial divide.
I heard that even the swap rats and snakes are complaining about the upcoming swamp dwellers!
We demand to see Trump's tax return, Senator
oh Senator, we sure are counting on you 
.@SenWarren Should apply to #PEOTUS  to re: tax returns
Libertarians and other parties are on board with this as well. 
Please do everything you can to make sure that DT's picks don't get around this.  Don't want it to become the new normal.
#HillaryClinton Foundation is still under FBI investigation. #Tatiana
Give it up.  You elected the corrupt, undemocratic one. Wake up.
So let's get started! US Congress can stop his appointees. Good place to start. The majority of voters back you!
Do not let that change.  Resist.
