"heartbreaking". give me a f&&king break. if your heart was broken, you would resign but you are there collecting $300 K/annum:(
You're the Bankruptcy Specialist Lawyer isn't that your job
@GespenstOne78 He was a partner in Bernie MADOFF's PONZI SCHEME!  What else do we need to know? Hehe
- Lets take all our foreign aid money and buy every American a house.
yea , and a gun too .
what's mrs warren do you have to say regarding the bill to microchip mentally ill people in America? What's next veterans? The
homeless? The elderly? Why aren't you denouncing such a horrible agenda for the citizens of America
please send me your information I will spread it! God bless you! X
U need to keep an eye out for this sell out @SenSchumer
oh. cry baby.. someone was going to foreclose. smartest ones get the prize.
who was hurt by Obama care? What a butthurt bogus comment
#SteveMnuchin Warren: Trump is handing the Treasury to "a Wall Street banker who helped cause the crash"
@jjtalko @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid So proud of senator Warren she is a warrior like all of us!!
Steve Mnuchin is a corp thug criminal & only way GOP's & trumps roll if you are corrupt you quality to be respected & not blocked
WARREN 2020
@KattyKissem #TheResistance
Thank U for trying to help USA & for doing your job passionately. I detest Wall Street, corp.thugs, & corrupt GOP as much as u do
https://theintercept.com/2017/01/03/treasury-nominee-steve-mnuchins-bank-accused-of-widespread-misconduct-in-leaked-memo/ …
OMG.
@drjjr500 Liz, can we talk a little about our foreign policy as we try to build a progressive coalition.
I've heard a heart breaking storie of a Senator who said they were an Indian because of their cheekbones and a picture.
https://www.google.com/amp/thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/303702-spy-tells-fbi-russia-wants-to-cultivate-trump-report%3Famp …
Plus check this out. It's on several sites including Vanity Fair
he (Steve) will make a great treasury secretary.  I was amazed at the team djt was able to put together so quickly.

HIGH CHEEK BONES PAWPAW!
HILLARY'S LIES MATTER ALSO.
YOUR AS MUCH AN ABORIGINALTRIBAL INDIAN AS TRUMP IS AN ABORIGINAL BOW AND ARROW INDIAN AMERICAN!!
Shut up Pocahontas. You let the native Americans SUFFER at the pipeline and you put out a weak @$$ FB statement.

Very simple for most folks to understand. Don't pay your mortgage = lose your house.
WOW Liz you really care nothing for your Constituents No Merry Christmas No Happy Hanukkah and No Happy New Year 2018 say GOODBYE
when are you going to take a strong stand on Trump, Putin and our democracy.  Now is the time
There r MORE horror stories abt ppl losing insurance/ paying more due 2 Obamacare, but I get the feeling you don't care abt that.

@kurteichenwald This is a story worth covering because future secy of treasury absolutely designed and ran a foreclosure factory
OMG you mean if I don't pay my mortgage the bank will foreclosure? Those bullies ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Your party just voted against Israel.  U should be ashamed,  AND WE WILL NEVER FORGET
and when banks aren't giving out loans people complain of that. If you don't know your limits how does the bank??#responsibility
- Unfortunately, the truth is Congress required banks to make subprime loans. It's your fault.
keep up the good work. Hopefully you will run for President in 2020 and turn our country around. God Bless.
this man made me almost lose my house Trump doesn't care he's rewarding him for what he did to us. Trump voters don't care. WHY?
How bout the people who put faith in your party but never got their jobs back ? Share that.
Uh oh, look out, Liz Warren's gonna use a slightly condescending tone towards you on CSPAN then do jack shit about anything.
Can't believe how ignorant you people are!
You are clueless!!!
boom&OR bust greed prospersBankers issue funny money bust predicted comes& they exchange funny money for ASSETS
I think they are great.  You are the one that needs her head examined.
Will he not use his "regal" knowledge to help Americans AVOID foreclosures?
another reason government needs to get out of banking industry.politicians have no common sense
I'll be honest. I feel for these folks. I really do. But I need you to rebuke Trump on his Putin tweet tonight.
@aspit @ckc12_rb If profiting off other's misery wasn't enough @SenWarren also lied @Harvard http://ln.is/www.breitbart.com/bi/milOH … #fanniegate
Where is your voice on this Russian interference? Silent lame and spineless Democrat.
So you don't care To wish your People in MA Merry Christmas or Happy Hanukkah but you put out more garbage 2018 say GOODBYE
says a conservative marketing firm... stay in your own lane, this one is taken, we drive on the right side here.
show me on this doll where Dodd Frank violated you.
Warren will speake out against anyone that will make America great. She thinks big gov't, people have to do what we say
The page is not loading properly.
and you're his queen. Preying on peoples loss to flip a quick buck
Take Barney Frank out to lunch and cry on his shoulder.....
Fauxcahontist, stop blaming everyone! Individuals r responsible for  mortgage docs before they sign! Dont understandb get lawyer
Bring him DOWN
He. Won.
I hope you have a stronger #MidTerm2018 strategy!
why would mnuchin care anymore? He's on to bigger things. And he will influence banking in general. It's a loss for America.
share stories??? WHAT WILL YOU DO TO STOP HIM? before Jan 20th?
Why do you want Trump to fail? It means you want our nation to fail. You should he is successful, You are bitter OLD WOMAN RETIRE
Do we really need more sad stories? What America needs now is for its leaders to stand up and stop DT b4 it's too late! Help us!
Please stop these appointments...
Great initiative! Love it. 
we need you & senator sanders to keep the heat on the new administration.
I lost both a FL home & was scammed by Trump Uni :(
u did great with Wells Fargo CEO but why he is still not in orange ?
Just curious, but is your TOM TOM playing getting any better? U still have time to repent your status-lying sins this year!!!!!!!
Well calling a kettle black when it should of been stop before it happened, is just foolish,learn from the mistakes and do better
Elizabeth please stay on his Ass there doesn't need to be more stories he has Done enough everybody knows that!
How about people hurt by Obamacare?
Block this monster
One West is a whore bank. They treat customers like prostitutes
@mygirls3333 Thanks Elizabeth! We need a government of the people and for the people by the people. Not corporate enablers.
I wonder how many Trump voters were foreclosed on by this scum?
Here's Why Trump's Choice For His Finance Manager Should Make Your Blood Boil http://buff.ly/2hUffsd 
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/place-hillary-r-clinton-supreme-court-presidential-appointment-during-recess-congress …
He is a criminal
when will you return the money you stole from the Cherokee LYING about your heritage?
it was Bill Clinton who demanded the banks loan to anyone, regardless of qualifications.
people should make their own decisions & mistakes. If someone supports you, they're ignorant or morally repulsive, probably both.
Both the politicians involved and the bankers who created this mess should be in jail and never work in bking agn.
Dizzy Lizzy! Are you teeeting while on the TAX Payers dime? People who failed to pay the mortgage lost homes over extended !?
@SenSanders Back "Brand New Congress" please!
keep spreading hate and lies. It's your way
Looks like you did pretty well yourself buying those foreclosed homes. Hypocrite. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2153832/Elizabeth-Warren-accused-making-fortune-flipping-foreclosed-homes.html …
Fighting against illegal foreclosures don't have anything to do with buying and selling houses. She isn't foreclosing on anyone.
They are not the exact same thing, true, but doing both of them does make one a hypocrite.
Not at all. If she foreclosed on people, then she would be a hypocrite.
Buyer beware. Meanwhile, you people completely ignore the heartbreaking stories from American #AngelMoms & protect illegal aliens
What do YOU suggest companies do when people stop paying their mortgages?You are ridiculous.
Have you NOT learned yet! THERE IS NO Bipartisanship, with repuks, 8 yrs repuks held US hostage! Payback time! Fight or quit!
WHEN will the dems take action on this corrupt election travesty? Ever? To weak to fight? Repuks have run all over dems ! FIGHT!
Senator, we are all counting on you, and a handful of others. Can Trump and the disloyal GOP be stopped?

@SenWarren
I watched u humiliate Stumpf at Wells Fargo. I hope you do the same 2 Mnuchin.
https://youtu.be/xJhkX74D10M  via @YouTube
it be nice if only republicans were affected by republican policies, I'd almost enjoy watching what happens if it worked that way
everyone in the country should get a tax break the less money in the hands of govThe better!@realDonaldTrump consumption tax only
didn't you buy at least one foreclosure?  Guess that makes you the problem adding demand
#hypocrite
Economic Sabotage si Treason. ENtire CONGRESS/SENATE & BUSH/CLINTON OBAMA gangs proven traitors to USA
USA & 99% Conned, looted busted by FRAUD CONGRESS/SENATE/PRESIDENTS/WALL ST BANSKTERS, MILITARY COMPLEX
fraud James Comey gang at FBI belong in jail for Economic Sabotage Treason crime.http://themillenniumreport.com/2016/07/james-b-comey-inside-man-for-the-bush-clinton-crime-family/ … … Netflix $60B loot ponz
Weren't you the short sale queen, nice thing about being a liberal you can be hypocritical and not care.
I was hurt by Wells Fargo Bank.
At a time when Americans needed help Mnuchin was there to kick them in the teeth and make their pain worse.
What about the real CEO TBTF bank thieves & cause of the '08 crisis
i wish you was my senator, be alright if i claim you
hold on to your deed..
Why do Trump supporters have a stronger alliegence to fake news than they do to the facts? They cower from the truth.
It's called confirmational bias. You need to grasp it to understand them.
They don't seem to realise that anything bad that happens under Trump affects everyone. They rise and fall together.
Politics has developed a fandom type culture. People defend their side no matter what like its a sports team.
How about the ppt hurt by the Obama/Clinton/Kerry Syrian policy?
.@SenWarren HYPOCRISY=WARREN Why is Warren so IGNORANT that she does NOT know we get it??? But she did back HILLARY!
Architects of 2008 crash? pandering politicians eg Clinton, Cuomo, Waters, Frank who inflated housing bubble - egged on by Warren
recommend a good lawyer for class action
Real heartbreak? vote-seeking DC pols who inflated housing bubble that burst, swamped banks & borrowers alike - ur the guilty one
Lol warren created housing bubble. Hilarious what some people come up with.
if you truly cared you'd invite me and anyone else who lost property to foreclosure to live with you. Propagandist
Do you also not care because i dont see thousands in your house. I guess you don't care about anything
I guess the analogy means you don't care either. So join the club
1. Not an analogy. 2. You made that logic error and I pointed it out to you, not me. You can care and fight for people like she is, with out
Hi POCAHONTAS
wait....I thought you were a house flipper?
but isn't this the guy who Trump picked to fix our economy???
This is all well and fine but how about fighting potential treason by PEOTUS. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC could use your help
Onewest bank hurt me by pretending to be native American and stealing a scholarship from me.
I am actually one of your biggest supporters, but you can't let Rockettes & Mormon tabernacle singers be braver than you.
He should be working in a federal facility, but Leavenworth is a much better fit than Treasury.
As a scientist and educator, I would never accept a references that uses "http://www.facebook.com ". -5pts
This amazing intention called "The Internet" Have you used it? Oh and I also have friends there and visit frequently.
What is fascinating me is how many of these "deplorable" accounts claim to be vets. Seems a statistical anomaly.
153. Small relatively. But strangely 153 =\= ~20. Math is weird
You should send them some money.
You seem nice.
No you.
