@bjxmas congress and the fed brought down the economy. AS USUAL. #blametheprivatesectorforgovprobs
regulations CAUSE the cronyism that screws the 'little guy'. Corporate 'greed' is only a zero sum game when gov is
Greed causes greed. Check Eddie Lampert & Sears. He's worth 2.2 billion on backs of employees (no raises 8yrs)!
wanting something intensely. One has two ways of fulfilling that greed. 1)stealing or 2) creating value. It is not
Its an inbalance of power. Powerful don't deserve 2 bankrupt company, lay off workers while lining their pockets
imaginations of economically ignorant people who 'feel' tons about economic systems without even a modicum of
Economics is a challenging field, with countless variables. One size does not fit all. I appreciate ur thoughts
& I'll agree with parts, but basically we will have to agree to disagree. Thanks for the convo!

The democrats could have punished the banks, but they jumped in bed with them!! TELL THE TRUTH!! #MAGA
you are my hero. I'm in the process of becoming an nurse practitioner & you can count on me to not take bribes from big pharma
Why do you allow small banks to be driven out of business by regulations against activities they did not engage in?
stop whining already!
too much to count
Never bothered Mr. Potter to take money ($8,000) from someone else (It's a Wonderful Life) which destroyed others.
but you are a part of this too.  What was soooooo wrong with Hillary that you had to promote her as scandalous as well?
its the pension funds about go broke at the moment Texas and califirnia
We are headed for another economic disaster where the only losers are #WeThePeople. #HideYour$InYourMattress
The #Dems had control of Congress in 2008.  The middle class continued to be eradicated.  It is pretty hopeless now.
Now that Hillary has blown off her own foot, when will you start giving paid speeches to big banks?
JP
hey Elizabeth I am interested in your thoughts about ufos?
Funny that someone who's part of the government would blame the banks for 2008 when the truth is it was more the govt's fault...
Please stop your  whining.
please Senator PLEASE run in 2020...Ill work your campaign here in Western PA, where the majory of "Trumpets" still sound!
I wonder the same thing, but he'll cross his heart & hope to die that he will never do bad things again, as he lies & nose grows.
Size had not a damn thing to do with it. Ditching economics in high school was a huge mistake.
Worse than before; we know how this will end. GOP's followers know too and they did VERY well with Obama's corrective actions.
Trump said he wants economy to take bcz chaos is good for his real estate ventures
I seem to recall Barney Frank and Freddie Mac/Fannie Mae had their hand in the debacle too.

what tanked the economy was banks making bad loans some of which democrats required w community redevelopment act;
can u provide a list of the bankers u say should b in jail? Should they get a trial first? Or go there on ur word?
We shall soon see... I hope after the next few years of disaster, people wake up and take a good hard look at reality!
sound like chicken little.
Right? Honestly, what has happened to our country? Seems like too many crooks, ignorant and disheartened
Whistleblower screams for  justice & Spiritual Lesson. NETFLIX $60B loot racket https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgeqEu2y7yk … …
You and your socialist policies for us here. What you propose doesn't work. Never will.
Sore loser! Get off twitter and go earn your tax dollar salary.
Hoow did the banks bring down the earnings ?
why were you not putting this info forward when Obama was bailing out the http://banks.you  are a part of the provlem
#warrenthefakeprogressive
So Warren & Soros are buddies,
& the pay for riots will soon connect Soros, Warren, and many
more. A true Riotgate!
you need to hang it up old woman and let the Donald do what we elected him to do.
how could the #democrats lose this election? Care to address that? Or losing again in 2020? #gettowork
.@SenWarren @MAHAMOSA Why have you been silent on #NoDAPL protectors and yet you boast about being part Cherokee???????
what could possibly go wrong?  You holding a public office.  You, Ma'am, are the very problem.
A DEPRESSION ON ITS WAY AND MORE CORRUPTION THAN GOD MADE GRASS
Which is why we wanted Bernie, but we got Hillary.  DNC own it.
Ur boy is helping the people who helped him That should as clear as that gigantic melon on ur face
why is MSNBC, Mika going after YOU?  I know there's something weird behind it, r they trying to score points with PEOTUS?
@KDavidSmithAuth trump that's what can go wrong. He's taking over the gov't. & no one is doing a darn thing. Where's the fight?
thanks 2 ur bff Clinton getting rid of Glass Stengel
@KathyJRobinson1 I lost my condo in 2009  we can't go through that again it was awful we still haven't fully recovered!
WE ALL KNOW THE ANSWER TO THAT QUESTION!
some pictures to describe the past 8 years
this bill will help local small community banks. Capital in reserve not helping local communities.
-right-what could possibly go wrong- if you don't study history you're doomed to repeat it!
what brought down the economy is the affordable housing act passed by slick Willie. Forgot you where still working as lying Poco
Shut up old lady
You are clueless as to what brought down the economy in 2008. Go serve your master George Soros again.
HOW MUCH LOOT SHARE GOLDMAN SACHS/NETFLIX/MARY JO WHITE/ERIC HOLDER GANG HAVE FOR YOU? HIGH TREASON CIRMINAL SENATE/CONGRES SWAMP
HOW MUCH LOOT SHARE GOLDMAN SACHS/NETFLIX/MARY JO WHITE/ERIC HOLDER GANG HAVE FOR YOU? HIGH TREASON CIRMINAL SENATE/CONGRES SWAMP
HOW MUCH LOOT SHARE GOLDMAN SACHS/NETFLIX/MARY JO WHITE/ERIC HOLDER GANG HAVE FOR YOU? HIGH TREASON CIRMINAL SENATE/CONGRES SWAMP
YOU AND FRAUD OBAMA/ERIC HOLDER GANG LOOTED ENTIRE WEALTH OF 99% IN 7 YEARS. NOW FRAUD WALL ST CRASH PLAN BY YOU TRAITORS.LIAR'S
YOU AND FRAUD OBAMA/ERIC HOLDER GANG LOOTED ENTIRE WEALTH OF 99% IN 7 YEARS. NOW FRAUD WALL ST CRASH PLAN BY YOU TRAITORS.LIAR'S
YOU AND FRAUD OBAMA/ERIC HOLDER GANG LOOTED ENTIRE WEALTH OF 99% IN 7 YEARS. NOW FRAUD WALL ST CRASH PLAN BY YOU TRAITORS.LIAR'S
YOU AND FRAUD OBAMA/ERIC HOLDER GANG LOOTED ENTIRE WEALTH OF 99% IN 7 YEARS. NOW FRAUD WALL ST CRASH PLAN BY YOU TRAITORS.LIAR'S
We must form a new PROGRESSIVE party!  The DNC leadership is either corrupt or incompetent, either way time to move on!
What about Standing Rock? #NoDAPL
What could possibly go wrong if u FINALLY break ur silence on DAPL?! Fight with us, Sen. Warren! I implore you to fight! #NoDAPL
Nothing that wasn't part of his original plan. Feed the American people bigotry hatred and bullshit, then do wtf he wants.
Fauxcahontis, Freddie Mac &Fannie Mae have lot to do with it too. Oh wait! They r gov't agencies. Fed. Gov't alwsys screws it up.
could it be possible that the government might have had a hand in the economy crashing? You take credit when it's good
nothing
such a dangerous question to ask. And such a dangerous situation. Thank you for your integrity & hard work on our behalf.
Geee, whatever could go bad there? #WereStillHere @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @TheDemocrats
"What could possibly go wrong?!" With a @realDonaldTrump in the White House, so, so much.....
WHO was lobbying for #WeTheConsumers???
Please insist that @realDonaldTrump release his tax returns before there is absolutely NO time left before the electors vote.
They should have an opportunity, like we should have had, before the  election, to take into account what,
...if anything they might reveal  about his holdings and character. I can't understand the silence from our
...Democratic elected officials in this matter. To me, everything else in the news of this transition is just a distraction.
just  trying to help us smile...TY for all U are doing!
the economy tanked in 08 as a result of government regulation.
what? You must be a teenager
You and Barney Frank forced banks to make ninja loans, and they all went belly up, just like your injun freeride
it's time to put the banks in charge of the nation #MakeAmericaBadAgain
everything buckle up America. Ready for the great recession#2. We're screwed
Everything!!!
You folks really screwed the pooch allowing Trump to get elected. Missed the rust belt voters.
Nothing.... for those banks.
We shall collectively know the sad answer to that within 4 years
How come You politicians give all this money to big corps. And you shit on Veterans who wrote a blank check for this country!
Drop dead.
how many people are employed by the banks you want to destroy? How many middle class lives upended? Do you think about anything?
.@SenWarren some dumbshit bailing them out again.
Oh you worry wart! they'll behave & do what is socially right & morally correct. They care! well maybe, umm sort of
Get rid of @SenSanders . Not a Dem. His followers hated Clinton. Never Trump they said so what! Wake up help Dems
Still using the banks as an accuse 4 what yr party caused, w/ Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac!?  @realDonaldTrump
Fannie Mae Freddie Mac
I have a feeling that Trump & these awful people will be impeached within 2 years.
more problems while a few billionaires get wealthier
Will no money down house loans be back next year?
umm they are here now.
well, @federalreserve could be liable for http://bat.ly/0os5l 
related to http://bat.ly/oU98K 
cc: @realDonaldTrump @VP
and banks on hook for ...  http://bat.ly/ajCCk 
SMDH!  Keep up your good work, Senator Warren!!  Fight them!!
the Dems and Barney Frank r responsible for the housing crash. Forcing banks to give loans they knew were bad. But to buy votes.
what ever goes wrong will only hurt US that them so they don't care and neither does our so called gov that still protects them
What is theDem party going to do about it?How can Wehelp?DEMs need 2grow a spine, fangs, claws and fight tooth&nail.Get it2gether
NIIIIIICE !!!!!!!!!!!!!

LAST NIGHT, WITH THE BOSS ON HIS LAPTOP... 
.
take greed out of the picture and be in better shape. What ever happened to hard work and time to make your fortune?
glad you're working to prevent another bank disaster, but why not speak up about disgraceful behavior by police at Standing Rock?
your comments please on #standingrock.  #VeteranStandingRock #dapl #nodapl
as long as democrats are kept away from the controls things will be fine.
I suggest the next bailout should go directly to taxpayers. It'll trickle up as always, and help everyone along the way.
The king of foreclosure will be our secretary of the treasury.

#NoDAPL happening RIGHT NOW
They got off the hook, and now they're off the leash.
Obama not out of office n I already miss him when I see the FAT CATS REALITY show  run by Trump. Dinner @ $888 each? Our future?
gpgal15  feel the same way. My heart is broken.  Going 2 volunteer 2 help the Dems in 2018. With the Senate reelection
you go girl I worked at Dem office in my town for Obama election. ....just praying we get STRONG cabdidate
where does the review of the new living wills of banks that were bailed out & failed tests in April 2016 stand?
tell it!
Who, exactly, do you imagine Sen. Warren is shilling for? Who is she "selling out" to?
Let me guess - you read that on InfoWars
So, according to you, opposing Trump is the same as shilling for Soros.  That explains a lot
Liz , reread your tweet - does not make sense .
#DrainTrumpsSwamp
Perhaps new Sec of Treasury will watch out for us!!. NOT!!!
this is DEVASTATING! What can we do in the minority?!  Im truly HORRIFIED!
I see a train wreck ahead.
OMG r we going to see the little guy get screwed again? How can we live a peaceful life with these FAT CATS running our country?
Keep on the #DramaKing - he lies on Twitter
#StandingRock?
.@SenWarren  add flags to your tweetsit helps increase interactions
Let me guess? Everything?!

