Trying to prove a point I guess, a point in the absurd.
what absurd?
It's called political obstructionism& done nothing but hurt  Americans & the GOP. GOP is in shambles partly due to this.Absurd.
Ah, I misunderstood. I thought your comment was directed at Senator Warren. Thanks for clarifying.

Your such an authoritarian to republicans. You should worry about your own corrupt party first..then the rest.
@Jilliandance They get a pass for obstruction,then blame PBO and Dems for lack of action.Base eats it up.Real dim bunch.
Agreed!  Speak that truth!
you are guilty of identity theft miss Fauxahontas. let's agree to put HRC in prison for 25y to life where she belongs.
.@SenWarren Democrat Talking Points:
.@larry_kudlow @HillaryClinton 3) Invest in infrastructure to put PPL back to work EARNING middle CLASS UNION WAGES @AFLCIO @AFSCME @CNBCnow
No Senator. Because that's as far as their thinking goes
Takes 2 sides to shut down government If this offends U give Rep all they want Cast closed
they are a joke, we need to get rid of 90% of them keep up the good work Warren 
Perhaps they are trying to confirm that governing least is governing best. They just won't govern at all!
used yr.clear,concise,so-well researched,brillant grilling of Stumpf in ESLclass for journalists at El Pais,
Much admired
they somehow nominated a racist, bigot for president. Guessing intelligence isn't their strong suit
https://amp.twimg.com/v/feed34c8-ab1d-454f-b867-dc6323f7cd56 …
your special interest/lobbyist money might stop!
ummm, they won the Senate and house after last shutdown
Republicans rely heavily on the memory loss that tends to happen among Americans. Especially when it's time for the sheep to vote
We've learned that you dumocraps use that as a scare tactic, but it does not work any longer.
Divisive government has infiltrated the entire country, so sad! #DoYourJob
then dems need to work with repubs better than they do. Enough blame to go around
. Stupid people do stupid things, repeatedly.   No, they did not learn anything.
We're sick of the Dems spending all the money @FoxNews @AmericaNewsroom @megynkelly
every time it got shut down was because of the democrats.piss on the democrats they are running our country right down the toilet
We think we should shut down the Gov, boot out the corruption and criminals, place new Gov in position! Dem booted first!
Then stop sitting on the floor like a damn child and communicate  (don't yell) with the other side and get things done #DoUrJob
would be nice if you opened your damn eyes and see the world as it really is.....#careerpoliticiansmustgo
Neither is lying, stealing and lining your pockets like HRC!
who's paying for this ? Not the taxpayers . Not again
they are a little slow....
#GOP never learns because they never admit to their mistakes.
I'd be happy if we simply did away with 80% of the federal government. Shutting it down for a few days is fine with me.
they don't care about the American people!
There are many slow learners in the GOP.
they learned it a long time ago. But they also learned, that they don't have to care about the people just the donors.
they are slow learners
Go ahead and shut down the government, that will be the Swan Song for the Republican Party.
I, for one, wouldn't notice. You are all show, no blow...except for @jasoninthehouse who is awesome.
To assume the GOP could be humble enough to "learn" anything is wishful thinking. They care nothing of American people, only $$$ @SenWarren
@randyn9559 They should not receive pay when they do it!
Shutting down this government (Dems) would be a very good move. Their killing your country
The GOP doesn't care about what the American people want. There actions only serve those in office.
as well as the dems stage sit ins and goes on vacations when critical issues are at stake ??
BOO HOO! U JUST WANT IT UR WAY! WELL, WE WANT IT OUR WAY! WHAT IS GONNA GIVE??
in greatest respect to you; you misunderstand their priorities. For the RNP Corporate interests trump simple voters - every time.
....what a stubborn bunch of obstructionists the Republicans are. Shame on them and their antics which only hurt americans
the republicans don't care about the American people only their own agendas we want our money back from the last time they did
AMEN!!!
they don't learn and that is why they will lose in Nov.
they are not guick  learners
Vote them out of OFFICE#
let them shut it down....this time it's an election year !!
@USSenateUpdate No such luck, apparently.
let them shut it down...2 months before the election!
8 more years of obstruction ahead ..this government does not work 
need to switch to European parliamentary system
but they get away with it time and time again...that's why the system works for the republicans and they will never fix it
I LOVE how open, honest amd to the point you are. What you see is what you get. More people should be like you.
Yeah sell out the country just to keep lights on- that's your party's point of view.
Any party that supports Con man Don, will lie, cheat, & steal to continue their own CON of the American people.
we need to send a message to the Republicans on November 8th . Vote vote vote!
The essence of Republican/Con politics is to explicitly reject learning, progress, & new insight. It is cemented in the past.
The government allowed me to become a citizen. And afforded me a college education. And now I'm working for it.
I think actually, these days, it's not such a bad idea. Shut it down for a while.
It's fine by me at this point. You'd think they'd have figured that out too. Funny how they never learn. By all means, implode.
Nice to see you back to normal, i had though we lost you and @BernieSanders there for a second. Now lets kick some ass!!
That implies they have an ability to learn -
But it's the Democrats that are shutting down the Government not the Republicans.
it would have the same impact as the day Hispanics stayed home from work - none
I'm fine with it.  It would be a welcome respite from being abused
Thank You for being you! 
one would think! But you are dealing with greedy corrupt people.
oh they have learned it, they just don't care.
Could use your voice to speak out to white America about how they are responsible for racism and how they can end it. It's not us
When Republicans say "Shut down the Government," are they including salaries for fighter pilots already in the air?
I support shutting down the government
I guess gaining seats in both the house and Senate didn't drive the message home  @SenWarren
so actually think we would be a lot better off with it shutdown.
Silly Senator they are in MAJORITY in both houses because their tactics are working LOL got it?
GOP they know it doesn't hurt their pocket books. #stressful
#DoYourJob
They blame Democrats and dummies believe them.
They are slow at everything.
- Funny how you're always the innocent one.
Vote them out sitting on butt for 8 years!
Depends on what you decided secretly over the people, Ms Warren.
Eating Peas wasn't very popular when I was a toddler...
it is a sign that they are facing reality that the GOP & its elephant R the walking dead party
No, the republicans just don't get it. So, let them do it. Demand that those responsible receive no pay, unlike last time.
A bill that would AWard  wounded vets with the same compensation as failed politicians would be defeated but would do the job....
a politician who doesn't want wouned vets to afford a good life makes everything very clear. Show your proof through bills.
they don't care what we think!
It hasn't really hurt them that much. It's unpopular true but not enough to change how folks vote.
how do you know what the American people want and need, hanging with you BFF eating caviar doesn't cut it
GOPs don't care and never will. People keep voting them into office no matter what they do.
yeah that's why they got slaughtered in the mid terms oh wait... #BarricadeMonuments #CouldntEvenTell #PlanesFalling #ShutItDown
GOP idea of transparency is a paint job.
@Congress You and the rest of your ilk are willingly surrendering oversight of #ICANN, so it's doing us no good anyways.
Black Lives Movement had pepe frog legs for lunch.
Is this likely? As a contractor employed full time, I don't get paid -- ever -- during a shutdown, and this affects my rent!
they have a tendency of shooting themselves in the foot.  Maybe we should let the Turtleman shoot his own foot?
Senator they are of their father the DEVIL, fight is long term.Thank you for holding their feet to the . ? About Blk  in news?
ignorance is blisss
until there are consequences at the poles, why should they change
the people that support orange Hitler......not that smart.
I haven't had a vacation in 5 months.  #DoYourJob @GOP bums.
Republicans revisiting a failed strategy and serving it up hot? Say it's not so, Senator!
You're funny. You think GOP learns from experience. It is to laugh.
They're slow learners.
Considering the gullibility & low IQ of Trump voters, obviously the GOP is incapable of learning anything.
They know the media won't report why it's being shut down or who is at fault. Furthermore, they don't care what we want.
not if they get paid for literally doing nothing.
you would think they would have learned anything by now. Thats why we Dems love you Sen Warren. You always speak the truth.
But a corrupt government?  Now that's a different story.
Democratic policies have ripped this country in half the last 8 years. Obama and Hillary most culpable. You are a fraud.
Funniest thing you've said today. They still won't admit causing the recession in 2007. But they hate we are recovering.
You give the GOP too much credit!
However, their capacity for growth is minuscule and glacial.
education is not their strong suit, I'm afraid. Learnin' is elitist!
Sadly hasnt stopped them at this point from winning as many places they do. Different times...
