Hey...ya...hey....yo...hey...ya...hey...yo
How the hell did you get on that committee? Must be easy, or you lied again about your qualifications. I think the latter.
Scary.
congratulations. Our win.
and working with the veterans, yes?
Be productive and step out of your ideological partisan shoes and think as an American citizen for American citizens. America 1st
I hope you get something done to help the armed forces.  All I see from you is whining, yelling and screening about the election.
My Gut feeling is usually 99% right on things..And I say My guess u will be Running for president in 2020...Against DJTrump
blatant @Chase forgery fraud & violations of federal regulations 
http://www.oscn.net/dockets/GetCaseInformation.aspx?db=tulsa&number=CJ-2013-4093&cmid=2656902 … 
ID # 04255 was part of no mortgage
BHAHAHAHAHA
Thanks for the shout out for the labs, as in Natick Labs, our area's last Army Post still open.
Do not become a hawk
Thankful for you!
I wonder what her salary will be?
Donny will find a way to arrest you, and other dems for illegal activities.. we are at the beginning of a dictatorship..
A step in the right direction. 
Example of blogs by Right. They print sensationalized headlines - doesn't matter if true. Let needs this
Please look at $AVXL compound for PTSD.  CEO was in DC last week to talk about it.
how much more money are getting paid for that...cause with you Demorats it's all about money!!!
oh sure..just look at Trump's cabinet of billionaires.who' all about the almighty dollar!?
.@SenWarren great move and congrats!
in other words you're bringing home the pork,same as all crony politicians, you're so special
https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.nytimes.com/2016/12/14/opinion/buck-up-democrats-and-fight-like-republicans.amp.html?client=safari …
STAND UP FOR US!!!!
Boy u will line ur pockets U don't think they want u there  Remember what HRC says A project worth having Is 1 u get a kick back
Will see 4yrs don't no everyone just white women ed working white woman and anybody's vote.lose Hilary now u come,u go hack again
Ok SenWarren ur hoing to run for president so will you come to Philadelphia Germantown area or working white ed women
You are my hero. You and Bernie who is also fighting hard for America
lies lies lies. Across MA you mean Boston! Go to Springfield liar and show my where those places are you describe, you can't
you support Ellison? Why? We need a full time leader and not a BS supporter. We need a full time Democrat
we would to have you visit Boston College's Behavioral Neuroscience program and update you on our cutting edge PTSD research!
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/02/18/illegal-alien-killer-protected-by-sanctuary-city-vanishes-after-paying-bond/ …
I grew up as a "military brat" and I'm confident you will well represent our servicemen ant their families!
we would like to contribute nationwide to your opponents campaign starting get rid of warren account
Your a stand up Lady. We need your help while the White House becomes a 1985 Frat House!
You see blogs like this constantly on yahoo news. No counter from Left. The Right is winning narrative.
Thank you!
Great job!
Congrats!  I hope you'll remain on the Finance Committee. You're a great fighter for us. Thanks.
Dope!!!!!
congratulations!
Congratulations. Let talk to discuss the epidemic of sexual violence in our military.
wow. The racial slurs are rampant
I'd love to work in a research lab, against disease and infection
Any plans on using bow and arrows as part of your national security plan there Pocahontas?
Are you going to be working with them in full Indian attire, or just the feathered head dress?
who the heck put a die hard socialist liberal like you on the Armed Setvices Committee? You care not for the troops
Kay!
prepping for a presidential run, SenWarren. Then please stand up to Trump and the GOP so that we know you're fight for us
I'm sure they don't look foreword to it
HOW does a screwball like this GET a job with such responsibility!!!
There cant be this many mindless Lib Lemmings out there....
Evidently.
A radio personality offered to foot the bill for U to take a DNA test but U havent accepted.
What have U got to hide Liarwatha?
Especially when said agenda does not necessarily represent the will of the people of the United States or those who sacrifice
I like the idea of someone looking out for those who serve and not just a commitee filled with those who have an agenda
Root out the wasteful spending and direct those monies toward what ever will benefit our men and women who wear the uniform.
...keep up the good work miss Warren, proud to have you on the armed services committee
thank you for being involved. Your direction is very important.
Ignore the negative comments on here , remember they support the Dangerously Inept President Elect.
Here's your cyber attack
http://www.wsbtv.com/news/georgia/georgia-secretary-of-state-says-cyberattacks-linked-back-to-dhs/475707667 …
Guess who the Russians really work for
congratulations Senator
Congratulations I am pleased an Intelligent Woman will be on the committe one with a record of finance. Focus on those who serve.
...I'll bet they're just thrilled to death.
Congratulations, Senator.
So happy you will be on the Armed Services Committee. We need you there!!
for what?
You mean try to regulate the hell out of our service members. Lord help us and them.
Pitch fork civil war in 2017. 99% Conned and busted.OBAMA gang busted USA in 7 yrs. MARY JO WHITE MORE powerful than COINGRESS?
Very few people who fights for us anymore.  Thank God for you and Bernie.  We trust you.
Sen Warren, please go after trump harder on his taxes!!  It is disgraceful that he will not release them!!
DEBATE NETFLIX $10's OF billions free lot ponzi now. Encyclopedia will reveal pension bust if working class.Shut Down FINRA
My case and MARY JO WHITE/CARL HOECKER GANG AT "SEC' BELONG IN JAIL along with Netflix ponzi scheme Loot Gang
oh my..yes stop the blood for oil business please.
I think you told us Trump would never ever be President. Please talk to Hillary about this.
NEW: Would you trade PEOTUS Trump for President Romney? President @Evan_McMullin? It can - and should - be done. 
Millions more wanted HRC but we've got to have an old white guy. We need to delay the EC vote.
congratulations!
Fix FRAUD WALL ST CASINO, Break Em Fraud Banks. Buy Back share fraud and Stock options ponzi must be banned . Otherwise Civil WAR
Oh pleeease! You are nothing more than a career politician! Nobody cares what you think Liz! Go far the hell away!
Toni, I wonder about you idea. How we can mange without this people that are politics as a career.
Keep up the great work you do!

Armed services ? What happened to Finance ?
Save us, Senator Warren. Trump/Pence can't be inaugurated.
January 20, 2017 can't get her quick enough...
you got that right!
As long as we reduce costs and reduce lives in danger, while we keep the country safe, that is what is important!
drag em
