You tell'em Senator.
@JudyJones1990 @SenateGOP The politics of good/bad cop won't help flint. gop & dems see citizens as pawns.  #GoGreen/libertarian
more hot air! What about the dems that back the repubs. Same gang. CITIZENS tired of corrupt politicians lies!
who the hell writes your tweets! Your all a bunch of hypocrites! America sees what you say & what you do!
Another lie! Dems want 2 shut down Govt 2 politically damage GOP. Corrupt MSM will support Dem narrative. Disgraceful
Who's holding who hostage?
@WSJ: Guess. Here's a hint if it's too hard to figure out -- the initials are @GOP.
Read the article, FUNDING WAS approved for Flint.
: Finally after being forced after public outcry following (for once) investigative reportage
WOW ! CLINTON IS QUEEN OF POLITICAL CORRUPTION & SO IS OBAMA, LORETTA LYNCH, ALSO F.B.I.DIRECTOR COMEY ! YOU DAMN DEMS
Investigate public corruption in Ayer Ma PD with Ayer Ma ER
can we get that kind of outrage from the minority that didn't get HVD job due to your Indian "heritage"? no? no good?
I adore you and you are so brace and honest
A HRC supporter whining about political corruption is hilarious.
LIZZIE! We agreed you WOULDN'T let Pagliano be subpoenaed by Congress!
#StandWithCorruption or move to the HATE list!
I love the work you put in for us Senator Warren but... glass houses... let's not make corruption a partisan issue.
Political corruption ?? Don't blame the GOP. Blame the Dems, recent emails prove..YOUR PARTY  IS NOTHING BUT CORRUPT.
more hot air! stop already.I have a chiuhua that barks like u.Bottom line.No one has gone to jail! u havent done shit!
No one knows more about political corruption than Hillary Clinton.
says the woman who sold and endorsed the corporatist herself.
Considering that we will never see charges against Wells Fargo I think the corruption isn't just on the right.
You and KILLARY can give lessons on Political Corruption
liberals and their threats
you have no voice to talk about political corruption anymore you are just part of the problem
Only one holding the country hostage is Senate Democrats led by Harry Reid who needs to be institutionalized.
so you're above reproach?
a they have done nothing for 8 years! VOTE them out! #nevertrump
what about @HillaryClinton and @SenateDems ?? You're like a one way street here it's on both sides the issue here is U
about SCOTUS or just ALL OF IT?!?   UGH VOTEVOTEVOTEVOTEVOTEVOTEVOTEVOTEVOTE <><><><>VOTE<><><><>

Thank you for being the voice of the voiceless. And taking on the bigwigs. You are the real deal.
Big banks bulge- Big Bubbles Blow- Debt on Steroids. 
"Everyone" on the Hill have done NOTHING. Asleep since 2008?
Time for all us to stand together and vote these people out of office.
your nominee, @HillaryClinton is the poster child for corruption.
it's a shame with the Republicans can get away with it is just bad
...but it's the dems who are holding it hostage.
If Dem Gov thinks they can hide corruption by ignoring it & Lying to the People, they are wrong! The Ppl are stronger
Liz!  You're funny.  All Barclays no bite!  Lol!
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP If you, Dems & GOP would vote on budget & quit adding stuff- people's work would get done-you're all pitiful Senators
the gop are the biggest welfare queens in America , get to work losers
We are noticing and it is the Democrats that holding the government hostage. Vote Republican to get things done.
Congress has been holding the American public hostage for years and we are fed up.
You go girl! @SenWarren @SenateGOP
You go Elizabeth Warren. Fight with all ur might. We're with u.
Why won't Democrats stand with the people of LOUISIANA? Why don't you care Elizabeth about flood victims ?
Warren you are completely Corrupt. Will you ever tell the truth?
Why are Democrats blocking Zika funding ? Blocking bill right now in Senate
Love this. Missed you during Bernie's campaign. 
GERONIMO!!!
Political corruption doesn't stand a chance with you around. Nah, just kidding.
uh #dncleak anyone ?
@HelenELais @SenateGOP  Trump touts himself as a CHANGE agent. He's going to adhere to Ryan's RW agenda, that's MORE OF THE SAME!
Please don't do this to federal employees again.  We can't afford to be furloughed. I hope you can find a way.
Senator, you do a lot of talking & yelling & threatening, forget party lines, work together & actually do something
Isn't that how @HillaryClinton skipped out on prosecution for her illegal email usage? Why double standard for Dems?
whiny whiny whine whine
You declined to act for progressive Bernie when you had chance. Despite what you think, people remember what you did
Oh, you mean like you are doing on Zika? NEXT?
isn't that the pot calling the kettle black?
I've noticed. Been about 8 years now! Shame on them. United we stand, divided we fall!
Scalp em Senator Pocahontas
Since when does the GOP protect the Clintons and the DNC?
Nobody around here is falling for that BS
I everything you stand for, keep fighting corruption, inefficiency, racism, justice for all not just the white rich
Shine that light of yours.
GOP won't do thier job again. VOTE THEM OUT!!

they've been doing it for the last 6 years and no one seemed to say much. they are useless
yes, ready for a hearing for Supreme Court. Nominee is great...so it's all just #Party politics @SenateGOP and I vote.
thank you Senator for being an upstanding indiv!
Thank you for standing up and speaking out!
do you seriously think you have any credibility after what you did in primaries Senator? #NeoCon #BringBernieBack
I don't blame them for circling the wagons when they saw you on the  warpath.
It is not the GOP but the Democrats in the senate that is holding the government hostage. Tell the truth for once.
Ya the Senate democrats are actually the ones blocking the budget. But you knew that  @SenWarren @SenateGOP
the cowardly Goofy Obstructionist Parade (GOP) brats have to go. Time for adults in congress.
You do realize that's what your party is doing as well? #WeAreGreen #JillOrBust #NeverHillaryOrTrump
If corruption is so important why do you shill for the 2nd most corrupt US politician (behind only her hubby)?
Is that similar to the political corruption we've witnessed in the DNC?
They need HRC's  staff and it would be covered up.
that's all there is in DC corruption
Oh they can, and they will. Look at the Supreme Court nomination #doyourjob
You know what the GOP is going to pay
OOOOHHHH...you're scary!!
Corruption is supposed to be ignored by the people who got screwed by Wall Street. Voters R used like “red shirts."
Flint Victims, Zika threatened AMericans are just like Agent Orange Victims/Vets. WAIT til your dead and 25 years!
With all due respect SenWarren results this time not talk.
Liz, I won #debates #HofDebate16 #debatenight with @HillaryClinton last night. #Tatiana
Thinking has never been their strong suit, obviously. Just look who they chose as their leader
Voters are there to be used. Evidence: Ted Cruz selling his true believers’ list to Trump like it was HIS info to sell
that's what Bernie did
You got that right!!
I love how the GOP embraces what their perceived as.. #novemberiscoming and out with the GOP!
Preach it!
