@rsheridan9 No, a teller who seals $20 does not face theft charges. No bank does that. They are fired and blackballed from banks
why is he refusing to fire Sr leadership that was responsible for this? Not one Sr exec has been fired for this.
It's not like firing a teller. Its more like a trial process. Takes time. He's not done trying to make it right.
did you watch the interview? You will know that he is not trying to do anything. He can't even answer "yes" or "no"
Absolutely #Nothing to miss!
any citizen or Gov't leader can and should call out Wall Street. Running for President is besides the pt.
Thank you!
Banks always cover it up, Wells Fargo branch manager in San Jose embezzled $100,000 plus from customers, no money was returned.
Good job today dealing with that worm from #WellsFargo 
LOCK THEM UP!!
I keep pointing out insults. Calling Stumpf a worm is an insult to worms. Worms serve a purpose.
You are right. My apologies to all worms for comparing them to a man who is greed & arrogance personified. #WellsFargo
There is. How is there not?
it's our responsibility to hold them accountable.  As regulators failed, so did we.
The idea that we’d allow them the liberty to “hold themselves accountable” seems to me the problem.
And a hacker would get a life sentence for breaking into a private server that holds government secrets but...
@raehanbobby Funny how nations have advanced but values disappeared
Absolutely correct!!! They then give themselves big bonuses which is absolutely sickening.
is #stupid
it's our govts job to hold them accountable...but our AJs are  weak and useless
@ZacharyBurt1 you talk about banks then take there money can't wait for you to be replaced
never a truer word spoken imho
which is why I have a problem with HRC as POTUS. She's in bed with most of wall street
Then what should happen to Hillary?
#Liz4Prez 2020 or 2024!
@SusanDanzig219 
Cheat big or go to jail!
Big banks, bankers & Trumps protected species
Until fixed US will never be great again
stop acting like you, congress did not sit feebly by while GWB systematically gave Wall Street this ability! Criminal complacency
@twitwoman We must hold them accountable. Fraud costing hundreds of millions of $$$ should carry many years in prison.
And how about Hillary?
Until you call for the indictment of Jon Corzine, shut up and go away.
When a thief is the boss he won't fire himself.  When the cops get bribed they won't arrest the thief.  Congress is the cops.
Your right about the thief... Hillary Clinton stole more but she is free..how do you explain that ?
you are my hero
That was a proper asschewin and I loved it. You should have been running to be the 1st lady president.
please also uncover the extensive abuse re opening charge accounts so that you can "save 15%" as well. Laden with fraud!
@SenWarren
"Wall St execs never hold themselves accountable" - isn't that your job / govt job?
Shameful!
What about someone who lies about being an oppressed Indian? Ooooooh, poor poor Elizabeth. The trail of tears. Poor Elizabeth.
They would first have to be an American citizen. Illegal aliens get a pass...
no one dares talk down to you! You don't listen to their BS! You rule!!! Keep fighting for us!
This woman and Killary feed off Wall Street.
....lol...why is your buddy Obama not getting the justice department to go after him? You are all talk..no action. #fraud
What should we do with a senator who lied about her ethnicity to obtain educational assistance fraudulently?
@nancystaack same here in the UK with our MPs and there expenses and our bankers who brought our country to its needs
I can't stand banks &Wall Street & don't know how we'll take the country back from those crooks. #AsBadAsTrump
how can a person who jeopardizes America's safety with classified info run for POTUS? Yet you support her? Haha go away
why were those 5,300 employees fired but not referred for prosecution?
Prosecute these white collar criminals like any other criminal!
lack of intent. Hahaha
Wells Fargo exec should have charges preferred against him, as well as, the employees creating bogus accounts. Disgraceful
This is very telling.
lol, I thought the CEO was about to cry like a baby lol.
The irony lol
Enjoyed watching Elizabeth rake Wells Fargo CEO over the coals! And the huge banks claim they don't need to be regulated?
Comey said H was grossly negligent with sensitive emails but will face no criminal charges. Are u going to speak out on that too?
All that noise and yet you back HRC who is more criminal than that.  Cheating her own donators to her campaign.
Proud to have you as my senator...
ty for standing up for us once again. Keep up the good work.
we are still far from correction and Frankly, why Senators like you are not getting it straightened out
Forget stealing: A teller's drawer can be out of balance by mistake and at end of day get written up or fired. Go get 'em.
So glad we have such a dedicated, compassionate & brilliant individual standing up for us. Thank You, Senator Elizabeth Warren !
A Senator who steals a college education posing as a Native American what do they get… you are the wrong person to talk values
but  A former First Lady, Senator and Butcher of Benghazi … She gets a pass by Demorats…for taking millions Faux Outrage yawn
.@SenWarren I'm disturbd, but not surprised, NO C-suite mngmnt fired. Retiring w/ ur Golden Parachute intact isn't a punishment! Outrageous!
@WhiskeyMD247365 They must be taking cues from politicians. How much have they lied and cheated American citizens over the years?
can you charge them with stealing?
what about Hilldog?
Senator Warren , how will you ensure that Hillary will be tough on the banks ?#politiko
@lheinkel & all of u in congress r never accountable either! Go get a real job u leech!#Democrats  #MAGA #PJNET #TermLimits #TCOT
We are so blessed to have you, Senator. Thank you for representing the "little" people and getting the truth out!
@Twin1222 - make these people Accountable.  They hide behind apologies.  NO More.  This is a crime so make them pay the price.
true, but you never hold federal employees responsible e.g. the IRS workers that owe back taxes, the VA #hypocrisy #tcot
Even in a small bank there are checks and balances. Supervisors resp for knowing what's going on.
We need to. Has to be some kind of regulation law that holds those in charge responsible. Only way to stop this.
well hell NEITHER do the democrats in Washington....DO THEY??????? Crooked Washington...how about term limits to throw out crooks
very very well done
i know a mother who is charged w/a felony for a keeping a coupon as a cashier!
@JonJusth exactly what is it going to take to go Icelandic on them - real measures and accountability for bankers & politicians
A mass people reaction,
we pretty much have that now just Congress isn't listening
Not quite, it would impact their operations, that's not happening
let it impact operations we can recover quickly
Trump, Ron Paul and Bauchman should face jail time for all the corrupt activities they're involve in. Justice is for White& Rich!
tell it to corporate CNN.
So I guess this means that Democracy in America is dead? We need an answer to that.
A hypocrite of the highest order!
You are my hero. You were awesome today!!
Spot on,as always
didn't Iceland jail the bankers who collapsed their economy?
If some 'big shots' from Wells Fargo don't go to Prison, then we've come No Where, since the Rape of America 2008!
THANK YOU for working so hard and YES THERE IS INTENSE  PUBLIC INTEREST over accountability regarding the financial crisis
Oh but U have no issue with rapists or murders...HUM, selective judgement?
We love you!
what commitment do we have from @HillaryClinton to hold them accountable?
when I grow up , I want to be Elizabeth Warren.
so support a candidate that takes hundreds of thousands of dollars from ill-gotten profits from the exploited populace you defend
thank you for your hard work to hold Big banks accountable for fraud.
Why should Wells Fargo execs be held accountable when Hillary isn't?Did he also lie about his heritage?1st banker to breast feed?
I have a question. Why haven't Democrats demanded hearings on Trump's illegal foundation dealings? Reps would have done so if HRC
help me w/the math: # of bogus accounts? 2M+ What's the fine? $186M = $93 per account. does that sound right to you? #WellsFargo
slap on the wrist
This is why Dem voters have lost faith and now resent Dem politicians who did NOTHING!
where WERE you during the VA investigations? I don't remember any interviews on CNN.
when can we hold you and our elected officials accountable. Lois Lerner walked away with pension
Neither do presidential candidates 
When Wall St execs get arrested the we hold them accountable, They get away w/bailouts,etc and don't give back
-Had a client charged criminally taking lunch money from can used to raise money for vets.Trump steals from charity-no charges?
you are our champion.  Thank you
Exactly, how many foreign banks reside in the US with FDIC approval; further, don't owners have to be American?
Make them accountable.  We need this kind of integrity in government as well. I like how you roll will be happy to support you.
@Nating3 8 years since the banking crisis; why does this guy's crime rate higher?  Didn't donate enough? If not that, WHAT?
lol kinda the same way nobody holds your girl @HillaryClinton accountable. TERRIBLE isn't it?? Smdh
Hillary doesn't either & you support her. Liz, you are a fraud, a phony, a fake, a blowhard, controlled opposition.
when R U going to tear apart the corruption of the Clinton foundation and when you said u were Native American to Harvard
Until we put some suits in the slammer it will not change! We should profile on Wall St.! arrest them then find out ? They'v done
and the cashier, while wrong, might -might- have taken it to feed her kids. CEOs do it to feed ego.
You almost made me feel sorry for Stumpf...almost.  Your takedown of that crook was absolutely beautiful!  Thank you!
Where did they learn it's okay to STEAL?

This...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiWs6Tk2RUM&t=1585 …

This...
#fanniegate 

GREED BLESS AMERICA? #never
kind of like people that lie about their nationality to get a job @Harvard ?

You should be in jail for fraud too
In China they'd be executed. Just sayin'.
they should be sent to Gutanamo, and treated like terrorists, or enimes of the state.
someone supporting Clinton should shut up about accountability
Then why do you let them find your campaign?
White collar crime is all too often disguised as shrewd business---but in the end, crooks in suits are rewarded while many suffer
oh, but he was "deeply sorry"
how can you tweet that and turn around and support Hillary Clinton???
Clean up your own backyard before you start slamming others.  U back the most corrupt Hillary.
Thank You! You were awesome! Thank you for being our voice! #WellsFargo
@FredChristian10 Waiting for the magic words "prison time."
Bashes Wall Street execs for theft..GOOD! But then support the CORRUPT KILLARY..HYPOCRITE!
What about students who lie to get accepted to college and accept scholarship money under false pretenses? #integrity
Thank you for reading them the riot act!
you get a pin and paper weight for 10, 15, 20 yrs of service.
@democrat2theend My compassion is with the thousands of employees who got fired without Union Representation for following orders
a soldier with information about drone strikes on a personal email would go to jail, but the Clinton's are never held accountable
. @SenWarren Lock them up!
So 8 years of Obama haven't solved the matter? Oh, here's my shocked face! 
If your buddy Hillary gets her way,  they never will. #NeverHillary
Absolutely, positively TRUE.
But it's okay to destroy incriminating emails AFTER a Congressional Subpoena asked for them? Hillary is bought by Wall Street.
@ILoveHillaryC this nonsense has got to stop. Calling it white collar crime disguises the harm it does. Prison is answer
I so agree with you!!
@TheJusticeDept @LorettaLynch It's an American Disgrace. US Justice is not Blind, it is Bought #BoughtJustice
or a government who stole 250 billion $ from shareholders. Release and recap the GSE'S.  #fanniegate
@TheGayLayman amen!!
@ronanmanly an everbank have robo-signer, signing Warranty Deeds.
Snowden faced charges yet @HillaryClinton faces nothing!? Hypocrite delete your account if you can't get yourself down 2 earth!
that is for sure!  In fact at AMEGY bank the tellers told me they have to pay back any shortage out of their own pocket!
then who does? I'm going to say #lawenforcement
@jpmaney it's the same all over the world. 2 criminal bankers were told to enjoy community service by a judge in Ireland.
you rock! Stump will have a hard time sleeping tonite skinned out like that!
Hillary mention this during her Wall St. speeches?
So should you. Helped hide 6 trillion from we the people, and said you are first peoples
with all due respect @SenWarren, legislators are elected to pass laws that hold these crooks accountable & for this very reason!
we can thank congress. So many Hillery investigations but no time for Wallstreet
we need to change the narrative to win back the America that beet the government.slaves freedom.
A bank cashier who steals $20 would be facing theft charges but Dem Senators never hold themselves accountable, ever
@genecollier l totally agree and @HillaryClinton took Brinks trucks full of money from Lehman Bros, Citibank, Morgan Stanley...
....JP Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs
Gramps fired 162 R's in 1932, & never lost another thin dime from investments or bank accounts, Our Gen has to fire in 2016
not to mention Trump getting $258k from his foundation and not paying income tax on it.  #/TrumpTaxEvation
Warren makes excellent points, but a bit too focused on Wall St.
Many crooks in America. 
How about casino owners?
Can I trade both of my Texas Senators for you?  They don't care about consumers.  You do!  Many thanks for what you did today!
Let me add it's not just Wall Street.
For-profit hospitals that steal from Medicare also walk away.
EW why only WS?
not to mention the pharmaceutical industry... and insurance industry...
CEO believes the people fired deserved to be.
Just like Politicians taking bribes! Your all a bunch of thieves!
@BlogLiberally how do you change it?
It will take majorities in both the House and the Senate!
why can't citizens demand change they work for us!
when you own politicians nothing is illegal.
Big hat, no cattle.
how can we expect them to hold themselves accountable when nobody else will?
all bark and no bite.
And they have the nerve to retire with "MILLIONS"! SMH!!! And no one cares for the little guy!
hence= US tax payers discontent w/gov't/leadership...rehire those fired from WF
Actually they would be fired but I get where you're coming from...
@SenateBanking @WellsFargo Ask him if the rumors are true that Hillary campaign is charging poor seniors credit cards multiple x
why is that up to Wells Fargo this should be taken up by the Department of Justice. People don't relinquish power voluntarily
Absolutely!
That needs to change. The corrupt execs must be prosecuted. Hey, it worked in Iceland!
You've been a Senator since Jan 3, 2013. What bills have you sponsored to prevent this?
How about this?
As would @HillaryClinton - If she were anyone else
