what about the newly homeless in LA that your party won't visit? Is it because they vote republican?
, we have an obligation
to see no American be Homeless, without help

Unless GOP APPROVES suicide euthanasia over Pro-Life
You forget it's Obama that said Grandma must take a pill/shipped off to hospice instead of surgeries...
.

@whittierte, aren't you adorable.
Trying to debate with with your Tin Foil Hat, X-Files,
Breitbart, creative-writing.
Brilliant you with your 12 tweets.
Aren't you Worldly. Do hope Trump paid you in cash.
Our elders, seniors, 30-40+yr workers lost savings/ investments,pensions,retirement,etc
Millions #US citizens displaced; homeless
Our fellow man, women and children  should absolutely be protected. Anything else, should be a crime...period!
Elizabeth, please continue to fight for America.  FIGHT FOR US.  HILLARY 2016.  FIGHT, LIZ!  FIGHT!!
These city owned "Housing Authorities" need to get the message. 2, in the one I live in, where people broke bones.
So fee rides?
Everyone gets a piece of the pie. Just because youre homeless doesnt make it less so.
Not from my pie. If I made it, I sell it or I eat it. No one should take it from me period.
you pay your taxes buddy?
#TrumpPence16 #JillNotHill  #BernieOrGreen #TrumpTrain #NeverHillary #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
@SenWarren @HUDgov
too bad they weren't around when you were getting rich from people losing their homes
Like all the freeloaders and terrorists your allowing into our lands
you can pay their mortgage:give them health care food stamps housing good sistem; that way we can pay more taxes bg Gov?
Ron Paul is and Milton Friedman was so much smarter than you! Start reading what they have to say and drastically change!
Help #SaveCampLouise please listen https://www.facebook.com/kelly.j.stiner/videos/10209039639781914/ … sign petition https://www.change.org/p/girl-scouts-in-the-heart-of-pennsy … We need your help!!
-Praying that OUR CONGRESS does everything they can to help Louisiana. Thank You....
Why were GM execs and stockholders wiped out before gov bailout but not banks?
Please don't let up on trump
He put on some lipstick but is still a pig
make sure that includes specific wording for us trans, non binary, and gender nonconforming folk. Especially TPOC. Thnx
Richest man Warren Buffet backing Hillary to protect his cherished tax loophole. Barrons:
Your LIAR candidate's SELLOUT TRADE NAFTA->TPP IS WHAT MADE HOMELESSNESS COMMON. FU. #Jill2016
Senator Warren,with the recent shake up of trump campaign, your help is urgently needed to defeat Donald
another "let's sacrifice the majority for the minority with more government inference policy."
good Warren
what the us has done for 709 yrs!
And some ""ordenances"" to protect immigrants? How about Dapa?
Poor people are loosing houses in DC for few bucks to predators. Its very sad.
WTF
go senator warren campaign with clinton now
#Senator Warren, why isn't anybody else in Washington saying ths kind of things? Where on earth were you all these years?
HUD'S recent thought process is crap and will result in higher homelessness.
But you will leave an honest individual homeless over the crook living on the public tax dollar.
thank you Elizabeth for protecting our most vulnerable citizens
Maybe if you didn't flip their foreclosed homes they wouldn't be homeless..........
what about homless veterans you cow?
You go Elizabeth, don't let anyone stop you. Leave the world a better place than you found it
Please help us
can you please look into the HUDVASH program through the Prescott VA.
@Billiec55847704
@ Agreed. Especially in light of Mr. T not releasing taxes and golden parachutes in 100 millions. Stronger together. I'm with her
Your just a cranky person knowing there will never be warrencare. Your jealous of hillarycare
You must have missed the story about the hungry child selling his toy for food money. But spend money for yr private gym.
Bernie was the candidate to address issues related to venerable ppl and safety net. You let us all down.Corporate Am wins
Then I suggest you get rid of bad trade deal so they have jobs they are not vulnerable they are abused by the democrats
We said, go back to bed, your group is not available!
when hillary gets elected thanks to you the banks and greedy corporations will write their own laws!
They wont be homeless!  Theyre all going to live in Bernie's extra houses that the DNC got him!
what ate u talking about??
HUD protects those more vulnerable citizens. Why does anyone want to eliminate this program?
I'm sure our G'ment thought about that before creating our housing-related ordinances
"Because once they're homeless, their needs become subservient to those of refugees."
Hey Liz, are you afraid I will get rid of #HUD next year? You bet right. I will. #Tatiana
HUD meaning housing?
yup yup
