you are a lawyer and have no clue what strong healthy markets even mean. Manage this as you have the debt and the Republic fails!
markets? more detail needed. Competition is not in your vocabulary. However, I do believe you would support more gov regulation
I am sure markets go up inner city does as well
“@SenWarren: I love strong, healthy markets – but for markets to work, we need competition. Consolidation & concentration are on the rise.”
Absolutely right. We have stopped the growth of small business in favor of giants. Reduce business tax for the small
I've been saying this for years. I see small businesses struggle to survive, while the giant ones get "huger".
what business have you ever created?
democrats have rigged the system with excessive regs and cronyism

H-> Clinton's real preference on TPP is reflected by how her pledged delegates voted at the Platform Committee...no? https://twitter.com/DFAaction/status/750358758035890176 …

#sellout https://www.minds.com/archive/view/597927243301265422 …
Blessings be upon you Elizabeth.  Such beautiful work u r doing!
@SenWarren
The world is a global market.  Americans now compete with Germans, Chinese, and everyone else. Competition from Mars next?
So are #sellout elites like you.
WHERE IS THE COMPETITION IN THE FED?  YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW BIG A SCAM IT IS, BECAUSE THE FED HAS NEVER BEEN AUDITED; EVER.
So U agree with @realDonaldTrump but meet with Hillary?!?!? I thought you were just a closet lesbian. Closet Trump fan 2!!!
why don you list those corporations that own you.

Can I retroactively apply for an ex post facto Comey Clinton Deal in my criminal case? Move along, nothing to see here. Asking for a friend.
@realDonaldTrump
so Senator, what is your plan to start cutting back on the almost $20,000 Billion Debt? One idea would be nice, just one!
a free market requires perfect competition.  That's why it is an impossible theory.
if you did you'd have supported Bernie Sanders.  Instead U cowed and capitulated. You have an indelible spot on your record now.
#Sellout https://www.minds.com/archive/view/597931295825211403 …
Reptillion #sellout https://www.minds.com/archive/view/597868059566288916 … #ZeroSec #ZeroSellouts
#sellout
Sellout
if you want the people who know about bank fraud to help take the bounty caps off of FIRREA
@SenWarren
I had great respect for you Elizabeth. I would have voted for your presidential bid. You tossed away all credibility with hillary
There is no competition in #Globalism, which means markets will dry up. Please educate yourself.
I doubt you even know what competition is.
I agree thats why you must speak out about Hillary's Platform all real progressive positions shot down when repubs is out be same
please put #Apple in its place to enable a fair and awesome app ecosystem on top of iOS
@SenWarren
Let's start with Internet Service Providers!
What BS--you and Hillary are in the pockets of Wall Street and China. Get real....
you are going to piss off crooked girlfriend huma or hummer whatever the bitches name is
over regulations on private business is the cancer to competition, but yet, you blame others... typical democrat cluelessness.
Pocohontas love Big Government, welfare, regulations, more federal employees.Warren for Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs!
well if it isn't pokyhauntus
How many people U have hired in your life.None, so shut up.
We should declare winners, like the Koch Brothers.
Let them take their winnings and allow others to have a chance at success
keep lying. You hate to see Wall Street happy. You and #CrookedHillary are going to destroy our country.
for free markets to work you need 3 things; competition, transparency and choices.
govt needs to STayOUT of healthcare.  Let mktd fix thmselvs. When ppl cant/wont pay $2k for 1hr emerg rm visit theyllstop billing
but it was a mistake to break up AT&T. Less service, more money bc a co did a great job & took care of their employees.
what happened to the anti-trust laws that were supposed to prevent these megaliths from forming?
Basic and prior to our markets functionng @full cap reprioritizng and rebalancing our economy. LABOR is the cornrstne-not CAPITAL
Why Compete? Collaborate and create synergy between players in an industry
I lost some trust in you. #fail #HillaryClinton #SoldOut
.'@SenWarren Many no longer respect your opinion. IMO you can keep it to yourself. #NeverEVERHer (& if you don't need Berners, NMP.)
get rid of Obamacare. Premiums are set to increase double digits next yr. Obamacare for politicians!
Wow, #Socialist @SenWarren  says she loves health markets. First, can't "love" something inanimate. But, what she means is restrict business
Tell that to Hillary since you guys are now BFF. You supporting TPP now too?
True, but I want to see her pound her hard. I don't think she knows a lot of her doings outside the media reports.
isn't consolidation & concentration a sign difficulty of entry to market?  Perhaps small companies R over burdened w regulations?
Adam Smith: Invisible Hand needs competitive mkts & urged unionizing in Wealth of Nations
You are such a disappointment! I feel betrayed!
no body cares what you think or say so just go a way.
we need you for v.p.
I have a question..
How did you do during the housing crisis? You were a modern day carpetbagger...nothing more nothing less.
Remember when we broke up the phone company.  Hmmm  now it's reversed.  That's unfortunate.  Gobble gobble.
like the consolidation you do for Michael Masters?
and you need to recognise that there are some areas of public life where markets might not be best.
sez the fake Native American who works public sector for life.
You realize the Fed and their policies are causing the consolidation and concentration, right?
"I will not be neutered by Citigroup" .. "I will however let Debbie arrange the procedure"
consolidation of business = big enough to go oversees under trade agreements the middle class despises. Save America vote Bernie
Horsefeathers...Regulate SB to death n consolidation is only route...can't afford separate staff to feed bureaucrats.
@SenWarren
You fucking love markets now? Wow. So I guess the people fell pretty far down priority list with your fancy new owners? Neutered
you have lost respect from progressives! You can kiss @HillaryClinton 's ass! :(
Don't vote 4 @HillaryClinton or @realDonaldTrump then Vote @GovGaryJohnson 4 @Real_Change2016 #freemarkets = healthy markets
none of that matters now that you support Hillary #soldusout
What happened to government oversight? Cable and food companies are way too big and have far too much power.
I wouldn't count on your WS Queen to fix that anytime soon!
Markets need customers w income to spend!
How!!!!!
@Maggyw519 Capitalism works best with regulations. Otherwise Wall St & Trump will lie and cheat their way to fortune.
thanks to democrats and their socialist endeavors
it took the govt to break standard oil, ATT, and now we need to break up the big banks
i like politicians who aren't hypocrites.  hillary belongs in prison and you shouldn't even consider running with her.
how does supporting a candidate for #POTUS that takes money from those banks support your ideal? It seems at odds...
. @SenWarren Ah.  Memories of the breakup of Ma Bell. How far things shifted.
Do you honestly think that as VP you could pull that centrist to the left, at all? Why sell yourself short? Senate needs you.
BRING BACK THE SHERMAN ANTITRUST ACT! Politicians R in office 2 serve the people of the USA, not 2 serve taxpayers up 2 business.
And we need Fair Trade. American workers are NOT a commodity!
The problem is that "healthy markets", by their very design, funnel an unhealthy proportion of profits to an elite few.
So you're in favor of the U.K. getting out of the EU?
Hillary Clinton is a vicious liar and a manipulator she don't care about America she care about Hillary peace out
how we were abused and still is middle class and poor mean nothing to society that's the honest-to-god truth
As Long As I Am Alive I will make sure that the young people really know the struggle and the manipulation black and white
to be treated equal now Society uses all Races to abuse and keep us both down
I don't see nobody up here helping this black Indian Society is a lie I was 4 years old when I was walking with black people
your statements sound like @HillaryClinton spin. u gave into personal interests before the interests of the people. No more cred
That's as convincing as Trump saying he loves Hispanics cause of a taco bowl.
Hillary dishonest callus liar has made million working for the Government with intrigue that make <Machiavelli> turn in his grave
the facts regarding whether Hillary is a Liar or not are clearly outlined here .... http://isHillaryClintonALiar.com 
shut up already! No one cares about what you have to say. Chief Spreading Bull !!
//all you commentors are dicks.  Why follow people you don't like?  #dumb
If u L strong, healthy markets, you would not be an anti-business democrat endorsing policies that have killed middle class jobs
how do you say that when you are so biased to your own beliefs
.@SenWarren, please stop being so goofy.
and you're endorsing the poster child for consolidation of power, concentration of wealth, and corruption
hey Pocahontas make up your mind. 1st u hate wall st. Now u love strong markets. Smoking to much of the peace pipe
But conservatives love competition...right?
@GovGaryJohnson @nytimes @Lawrence need to give third party a voice for democracy to work. stop bipolar politics
Unless it's the housing market. You bottom fed there very successfully.
, oil, pharma, airline, banks,
I love markets that care about the world & everything in it, not about profits for the few
competition AND "rules of the road." Rules that are created for consumers, workers, execs and investors.
@SenWarren
Free markets? You mean the banks robbing us, while Washington looks the other way? Did Hillary write this one?
capitalism works better when closely regulated it need not be so destructive
JARGON
This has been on the rise for decades. @HillaryClinton sure isn't going to do anything to change it.
liar
When I think of you now, it hurts 
Consolidation & concentration like Cleveland area hospitals. Soon to be one owning all. It's Korporate Kommunist monopoly
What we need is #Trump2016 to redo the policies of this administration to help level the playing field for the USA workers!
You like the supermarket where you buy booze to drink b4 filming ads for Hillary.
Warren gets $350k to teach one class. How many tuitions would that cover?? Sick....
all the best mam
.@SenWarren who are you anymore?
@freetesla11 Yes, you should have never consolidated forces with Hillary Clinton.  She is a concentration of lies.  Shame on you.
perhaps remembering and living the ACTUAL meaning of competition, from Latin 'competere' - to strive for together!
- worthless without transparency. Triple bottom line disclosure, not just accounting.
Did you run this tweet past the leader of your tribe, Chief FinancialOfficer?
Hello Madame Vice President may God almighty continue to guide you and bless you.
Competition... Such as govt run single payer healthcare?  That kind of competition?
Hey, Trump can make competition work with GREAT TRADE DEALS! 
VOTE TRUMP!
and don't forget that the markets should be corruption free.
I have spent my entire adult life watch American industry & commercial business consolidate into larger and larger conglomerates.
- On the rise? Like, as of 1920?
Why isn't the 'life of charter' of an artificial person connected to its tax rate...?  The longer a charter, higher the tax
Start by requiring corps. 2 respect customers privacy rights and outlaw the selling of R personal information. #CivilRights
.@SenWarren I love single-payer, & if that doesn't control health costs enough, I love a British NHS, not 'markets' http://socraticgadfly.blogspot.com/2015/06/does-us-need-full-blown-british.html …
7+ years of Obama has been hard on everyone. 
#WednesdayWisdom @SenWarren
Good luck trying to convince Hillary of that.
Where do we constantly hear increase competition? It certainly isn't Hillary.
You hate free markets. Stop lying. @SenWarren
i dont love how you endorse Hitlery. How can you do that? She is the most corrupt politician on the planet
Hey Liz, tell Your F girlfriend @HillaryClinton : Vagina is NOT qualification! I demand her OUT for Corruption. Period. #Tatiana
#GetSomeClass #Trash #TrumpTwit
your statements a complete and utter lie. The link said nothing of the sort
