@maddow @RepKClark Hillary is using Warren and will later dump her.
lazy asses have to sit down !
Here you are proudly wasting tax payers money...
Hey Bobblehead, look like you're plenty busy with 'selfies'
- The cast of characters!
@SenWarren @RepKClark
please all liberals get rid of your armed bodyguards you are no more important than the rest of us
Was a farce @RepKClark
morons!! Please
nice fund raising and buffets you cunt
Embarassing. None of u seems inclined to follow the oath to defend the Constitution. Playing tag u loose your rights!
Learn how to spell. The verb you are searching for is 'lose', not 'loose'.
typing on a new iPhone hate the keypad
@TheresaWSMITH4 @RepKClark
they sicken me
@SenWarren @RepKClark
ELIZABETH I WASN'T TO SURE ABOUT AN WOMAN BUT FOR WHAT I'VE SEEN I THINK YOU WOULD MAKE AN DANDY RUNNING MATE
I often take pictures of myself at work when I'm truly focused and doing something I find important oh and tweeting
You three look like IDIOTS. I'm ashamed to admit I am a Democrat with this childish behavior from you. Get Out !!
did you say shit in?
can we get a non ugly women for president? Id bomb tf out of the us if these ugly ass people were VPs
Three friggin paste eaters
Democrat idiots will do anything to change the focus of problems.
Having a pow wow?
Glad you got your selfie when you Dems were acting like idiots.
America is ALREADY great!!!
bs
That accomplishes a lot. Not.
like to need good pay so care pay people
The Freak Show.
How about you take a DNA test to prove you should have got all those benefits for saying you have Indian ancestry?
all 24 hours of it, minus the potty breaks and catered food,what a joke you all are. Do your jobs!Stop pork barreling
@maddow @RepKClark but let's focus on guns then bring more of these guys here Surely you want us disarmed
but let's focus on guns...
I love how you give credit where credit is due! There's nothing fake about you! Take it to the White House!
Nothing fake? I'm wondering what's real.
hold on, I'll try to reason with you after I exercise
So how much money did @HillaryClinton take from people who kill #LGBT and women?
@SpeakerRyan How AMERICANS FEEL ABOUT THIS
Really, My father was killed deer hunting- gee I guess all hunting should stop!  Get real!
Why do u have bodyguards with guns?
.@SenWarren ..proud..  @RepKClark
.@SenWarren @RepKClark dumasses think its 1967 again
BUNCH OF DEMOCRATIC children who need spanking..legacy of lunacy ending November TRUMP PRESIDENT
you call that a sit-in? Why didn't you sit-in for the Navajo or Flint water crisis? You don't care, that's why.
sit  down nothing crap, same old same o
There just OLD HIPPIES... Trying to TAKE PEOPLES RIGHTS!
more do nothing!!
Useless, nice to know who the enemy's are for a FREE America - JOKE
@maddow @RepKClark
you used to be not just my role model, but hero. What happened? embracing impotence to alienate 130,000,000 Americans?
yea, ummm. if you guys could do a sit-in to take a side on the DNC platform.. oh, silence speaks. #peoplearewatching
@SenWarren @RepKClark
Classic Washington. This is now the official campaign poster for TEXIT
Do I watch too many westerns or did the Indians love the long gun?
Please re-tweet this pic to Qatar and Saudi to generate further contributions to the CGI
the general war on terror... Oops, I did not mean war.
, please don't pay attention to terrorism, lack of institutional performance, FBI, Homeland, etc. or ....
, LOOK AT THE SHINY OBJECT!!!!!
You all need to be fired.
Yawn. Same old BS.
No bill no break, lol,No Bill!!
Progressive whinnies serving Koolaid 2 the gullible, catered dinner and fund raising,
Self-proclaimed heroes. Lost, out of touch, and narcissistic...bad combo.
Remember that night the Dems sat on the House floor to protest gun control? Exactly. HISTORY WON"T REMEMBER EITHER.
Wondering if at some point Elizabeth Warren wanted to stand up and rip her bra off and burn it. Shameless stunt.
@ThePandoraBoxx @RepKClark it's amazing how many retarded people get sent to Washington Terrorists attack Dems in denial so sad
you even have time taking selfy which means you people are acting firm lol
Nothing you do will ever make up for the fact you are helping that corporate whore get into office. #NeverHillary
Bad example for our youth.Break rules and bully to get your way? Yeah you'd be a great VP. Should be ashamed
you endorsed everything you "stand against" and you're just untrustworthy now. #BernieOrBust #bernieforpresident
Elizabeth Warren you have lost us, you could have supported Bernie months ago but you were a coward. #StillSanders
where's your outrage, income inequality ?Where's your anger the DNC NOT adding livable wage to the agenda!? #pandering
2 months ago I had a favorable opinion of Sen. Warren but every week that goes by, I realize, just another Politician!
WHAT A BUNCH OF IDIOTS YOU ARE
All I saw was Dems sitting on their asses playing follow their leader #Pelosifize
Yes, we have the pied piper of the flower children.
@maddow WHERE IS TRUTH IN REPORTING. BERNIE IS THE ONLY TRUE PERSON. YOU ALL ARE CORRUPT AND EVIL
LOL Y'all call this a "Sit-In"?https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sit-in 
@maddow @RepKClark are you sitting Indian style?
@maddow @RepKClark Warren studied law at @Harvard but appears she didn't pass the test on the 5th Amendment right to due process
dem. are in charge of the FBI, the FBI doesn't stop terror, now the Dem. Reps are using the tragedy to further the liberal agenda
SHAME!!!!
brave move to chose the catered option. #OccupytheFloor #stillsanders #revolutioninarmani
@maddow @RepKClark posing for their mugshot
@maddow @RepKClark Did you ladies noticed that Paul Ryan wore a yellow tie..... Hmm
cool
gun control used against black slaves
wounded knee, the result of gun control
@maddow @RepKClark Sometimes I hear this bill will ban selling assault rifles to suspects, other times all guns.
Banning police/military weapons makes sense. Weapons like double action shotguns/Henry rifles are not military
Democrats are a bunch of corrupt little babies get his okay for you to block bills but not Republicans
ask @RepKClark if he ever figured out that Guam won't tip if you add Marines? Do your jobs, stop the BS and start term limits!
3 fighters for the American people
so proud of you all
I used to look up to Lewis and u but you're all deceived. The endgame is total disarmament. American people will keep their guns
@maddow @RepKClark Elizabeth Warren for Vice President! #gunreform #EndGunViolence #NoMoreSilence
This is pathetic. Embarrassed for you. Wasting taxpayers' money sitting around doing nothing.
totally ridiculous and childish and a little stupid
Get off the floor and stop begging for money for the DNC. #disappointment
We believe in what your doing! Keep at it! #NoBillNoBreak
@maddow yah look at old goat @RepKClark
BIG  THANKS.
thank you for all you are doing we need you
@maddow @RepKClark Sellout. Clinton won't be allowed to name you VP
@maddow @RepKClark #Opportunists
Rep Lewis was on the terror watch list. Also T Kennedy-others undeserving. You should know this is the wrong approach.
these are our politicians. Sit in selfies. You are the problem with america. #NoBillNoBreak
dsgr goes angst 1776 Fndg Fthrs envsnd US \should b pshng "job's Bill" instead w\gnfl wgs\slrs&bnfts!!!
too bad you endorsed the cash for arms candidate.
We are watching.
Thank you for doing this!
the best part of this is what it does for the criminal element. Now us bad guys don't have to worry about some gun nut
yea screw white America.
.whack job
@SenWarren @RepKClark
this sit-in is incredible--the no-fly, no-buy bill is not. Please support gun control that doesn't harm brown America!
Thanks!but would've loved to see WE THE PEOPLE in a sit in shutting down D.C. & forcing Congress 2 act on guns instead

keep up the good work!
Song for you to play: Shed A Little Light by @JamesTaylor_com.  Awesome work!
More Pandering. Disgusting. Weak GOP can't figure out what to do.
great job wasting more of our money. Do something real for a change and stop grandstanding
@abpontor @RepKClark
If Elizabeth goes with Hillary it will be a huge betrayal of her own values!
***Shameful. People around the world are watching. Have you no pride, scruples?
I like 2 see #Bernie's life influencing ur behaviors now! good job. & really revolutionary would b make him the nominee!
thank you
You people are just plain silly. Scarey how immature our representatives. Like actors on a stage but the play is silly
Such silliness. Like a school child's skit. What a show! Time to Get back to work, you school children.
Last I checked, the MAJORITY party sets the agenda. A sit in is stupid and accomplishes nothing. #getmorevotes
make America safe again, pass a bill taking Dems gun rights and we will all be safer. Third world country sit in
Proud of Dems for their principle. The GOP stands for nothing.
love you guys for finally taking action!!!!!! #NoBillNoBreak #DemocraticSitIn dont give up!!!!
.@SenWarren Great tweet! Plz push @NancyPelosi to push @RepKClark upward in House Dem leadership or @HillaryClinton to hire her in cabinet!
such stand up  politicians, left the floor with no vote, no bill and your a VP possible....embarrassing #NoBillNoBreak
@SenWarren @RepKClark
@maddow @RepKClark Yes, she's carrying donuts to the flower children and neglecting her Senate job.
What are the HB's that are at issue??   There are a bunch of gun control related bills that have been introduced.
And this is supposed to be real? Yeah real pandering that is it. We know this is a show. NO DEM VOTE IN NOV STOP LYING
The Ugly Gang.
by sit in you mean grandstanding and photo op right?
Go democrats!
Way to hang in there. Hope Ryan's holiday has a few moments lacking peace of mind. Blood on his hands after all.
D Senators doing what they do best. Sitting around, doing nothing. collecting a check.
if republicans had broken the rules you'd be furious tell the truth if you can.
@ManMet80 @RepKClark All we are saying is  "Do your Job"
Good job senator Warren the world need somebody like u i feel proud to be a Democrat. May God bless u.
keep going we are with you!
you people are so ignorant! Guns didn't kill those people a radical Muslim did! These people want us dead we need guns
@repjohnlewis I can't vote for people who act like children. Follow the rules and quit the temper tantrum.
Where as this concern and action for an obviously rigged primary ?
#blessyou #ItsAboutTime
So so so proud
@maddow remember Harry Reid and Miss Nancy how they would block anything when they were in control,hypocrites you are
you voted NO on amendment 4749 three days ago! No bill? You already voted it down and are now showboating over lies.
@SenWarren @RepKClark
Nice attempt at  rebranding. It won't work. 
#neverHillary #BernieorBust

3
U R a traitor.I have cancelled my donations and support 4 U.The best thing U can do is stop pretending U R progressive
thank you!  And thank you #JohnLewis  #inspiration
Respect @SenWarren @RepKClark @RepPerlmutter
you left wings are jokes, when GOP tried to appeal Obmacare and shut down the goverment, you guys treated sit-in very differently
Thank you for representing!
#NoBillNoBreak
awesome!!!!!
@maddow @RepKClark that a way to go, so proud of you guys
I am proud to be your constituent. Than you for representing the electorate. We are  wishing for gun safety legislation
can ask people to come support you and sit in, camping in everywhere in the state capitol to support this you?
thank you
