If you have nothing to hide, why do you care?
You know why? Cause you're not grounded, you're too throwback with how you sputnik in circles. BOTH SIDES OF AISLE in some cases!
Even worse, Trump is going to kill net neutrality.
not if we stop him, many will protest if he try to kill net neutrality
Unfortunately "we" have little power come Jan. 20.  #GOP is going to run everything :(
maybe but they will have a huge fight on there hands if they try to get rid of it, we have more power then we think

Or, how govt depts in the hand of fanatics can exploit said commercial data, thus keeping it out of subcommittee review
instead of telling us what we don't have can you tell us what we should have based on precedent or best practice.
I'd like to decide what I want based on what my options should be.  I don't need you to tell me what I should want. Your job is..
to get us all the information not make decisions for us.  Thank you for your efforts in that mission
did Hillary tell you that
please be my next president
Yeah h what about ICANN ?
Thank #God FACTS & proof R out from NYPD showing #ClintonFoundation connection 2 #SpiritCooking sex trafficking child pornography
Respectfully @SenWarren this is misleading in its wording. There are countless laws and rulings that apply to data collection and the rest
over the wall with you
@MAHAMOSA are you going also protect our privacy from the NSA programs #Snowden
@SenatorReid @FoxNews  Yr legicy-be as remembered 'ranting' women going through menopause. Yr state-so Fucked w Trump-office now
yeah podusta & killary needed that
.@SenWarren @Omarmasry Yeah, and this is partially why:
Did you see #Wikileaks today? Clinton was ALWAYS planning on @timkaine as VP. You were NEVER in the running. You were used. LMAO!
ouch, lmao no wonder our get nothing done senator butt hurt today.
: Donald needs to send us a list of all the horses asses we need to get rid of!
love to see Democrats attacking their big donors. Eat your own.
and by the way, when Clinton was speaking about that bucket, she was describing their situation not their disposition: say that.
every android app not only asks that but they also track your movements through the phones GPS
Hey, does the election results make it cool for Weiner to go back to texting? He wanted me to ask you.
Privacy returns to reality when you shift to the #GreenParty or the #LibertarianParty.
Please, for us all. Stop the Left/Right #war
#PROFIT
Shame on President Obama for allowing that.

thank you for helping elect DJT. You are disconnected from the vast space between Boston and LA. Bash DJT and he gained votes.
We R With You!
ur laughable! ur a watch dog for causes that affect this country but refused to disavow HRC when she when used private server!
please be my next president. The next 4years will be difficult. Don't let it be 8.
@SenWarren
so sorry to see no one took your advice and Hillary lost. Your divisiveness paid off
preach
you can say the same thing about protecting consumers from government collecting and using our data
i'm not with her...i'm with you
like this one? Priceless! For anything else go to #DNCLeak2 #DNCleaks2 #PodestaEmails33 and 
please link please add the link
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/19488 …
I trust you to be our voice as a technology company that believes in user privacy!

Thank you, Senator Warren!
Just give our information to Hillary.  She can put it on an open server so anyone can hack it!!!
Don't 4get the nfo they collected when WoC in the call-center "war-rooms' saved their biggest $ erver$ in IT!
"for training?"
ha!
This is the first time I agree with you, Elizabeth. Still voting for Trump though.
then don't use what someone else built, if u don't like it 
#id10t
you mean your corrupt data.  You and Hill are some piece of work.  Get the hell out of Gov work and that will save the world
And @HillaryClinton has no Rules on how many Foreign GVTS she can Bribe or Blackmail 
@FranklinFoer
Well my God. I guess we'll have to have some more rules
@FranklinFoer You're the lawmaker. Fix it.
HELP THE PEOPLE OF STANDING ROCK

you're a nut you should quit
gold has been manipulated badly too! @CFTC  cftc has not done their job well imho
Do we have rules to protect Native American appropriation?
Histerical demagoguery a-la your last "speech" carefully avoids substance and doesn't help. You better stop talking for a while.
@cmmgirl50 we deplorables are going to beat you!!!!!
should we ask @HillaryClinton she seems to B the master at ITsecurity. good thing youre very close. #NastyWomenStickTogether
Obviously, as you well know, consumers have nothing like a competitive budget for lobbyists.
Q: Should there be #GlassSteagall in telecom to separate content producers (e.g. Time Warner) from content distributors (@ATT)?
U sit give a shit about anything American women. Stop being a fony! Your pockets are being lined by Hillary and Trump will stop u
You're making a nasty fool out of yourself! Why are you not doing what you were elected to do? What has HRC promised you?
http://nolavie.com/melania-trumps-plagarizing-ghostwriter-where-is-meredith-mciver-49789/ …
your the most annoying woman on the planet, and have done nothing in politics. U support a lady who is in bed with wall st.
you look like a nasty old woman u said u are lol
hey liz, wouldn't change be better than corrupt pay to play ?
Fraud, lies, crime, ENOUGH! CHANGE!
sell out to the OIC so they can prosecute islamaphobia statements from consumers "A Brave New World"
..(8) cooking@when will the government start inspecting the meat that these restaurants are serving? and not just cleanliness ?
(7) some skinned to be used.. another Asian man caught going around picking up road kill deer carcass and taking it to prep for
..(6) they found a dog paw in a ribs dish...NY just found a storage unit which was rented by an Asian lady with over 40 dead cats
...(5) have not eaten Chinese food for years but I am tired of seeing this happen and nothing done....just 3 weeks ago here in MD
....(4) because they found cat or dog remains in their trash or unsanitary conditions in it.....I personally with my family have
....(3) selling domestic animal meat at their restaurants?.....time after time I have read or seen 1 being closed down because
.....(2) can you look into or tell who should ?about these Asian carry out stores that have continued to be involved in selling..
morning...(1) you seem to be one of the few person on the hill who wants to do something and not just go there to sit around...
instead of calling women Nasty tell us what HIllary plans are
Please stay away from the Internet. It doesn't need govt mucking it up. Targeted ads allow for free content which is good.
If consumer is so stupid to agree, do we really need your interference????
Nasty women do any illegal, immoral and corrupt act to attain their global agenda. See U R on board.
you've been a senator for how long? what lobby groups are paying you? poster child for DC corruption. Snake w/ forked tongue
Dems Today R A New Breed, They Lie, they create false naratives, watch the video and u decide https://youtu.be/EEQvsK5w-jY 

I feel that WE AMERICANS are lucky to have u in office-even if ur not from my state I adore u! Thank u for all u do for us!
& it's truly horrible, nobody should actually look themselves up, it's too disturbing @SenWarren @i8wamu
so kinda like the Russians hacking is all....
then fix it
@USAforTrump2016  @seanhannity 
@nytimes @oreillyfactor 
SenatorElizabethWarrenYou theWorldDirtiestLiarYouSoldOut AmericanPeople
How do you support @HillaryClinton and hold the beliefs that you do. Why do you ignore corruption when convient. #endorsesanders
But we have all sorts of insecure #IoT crap & two parties that are against security, crypto & privacy because terrorists.
but HRC biggest supporters are big corporations I am so lost things will get worse
@HillaryClinton Open set-top boxes as part of new Free Media that provides information,not neocon agenda to divide US against US
@HillaryClinton Open set-top boxes as part of new Clean Energy Economy w/ new FedRes,Treasury plan to finance Jobs,Infrastructure
@HillaryClinton  Thanks ! Open set-top boxes increases secure private data options, as part of a new vision of Fed-Treasury Job
That is because Congress does not do its job.
@4bodingdawn I am more concerned with govt using inform then any corp. The Govt has a monopoly on force to use anyway they want.
you always give me something to think about. Thanks A.A.
- respected madam, USA has no reasonable and far reaching privacy regulation or law. We need our own #GDPR
Thanks for caring for ordinary folks.
When did America lose its respect for #privacy? the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers and effects
thank you for highlighting this important issue
2/ As a consumer we have no right of negotiation. We have No Rights. Big business is just as bad or worse than big government
we have no privacy. Big business snoops on us more than Snowden's government allegations. Terms of Service are one way deals. 1/
Is advertising (the media) Orwell's Big Brother?
We are behind the 8 ball. How does the government fix? Scary.
they sell our information at will for profit and intrude in our privacy.
I didn't mind @SenWarren but if she is going to capitalize right now on the "distraction" of a Presidential election to do this. NO RESPECT.
Now is not the time. Russian might help observe that.
I know U can work on that right? :-)
I clicked on an ad, & the company called me. Scary that my name and phone number was available to them. Just from one click

...and?
Curt Schilling is crazy & he thinks he can take your seat. He has the temperament of wild jackass. Republicans just don't learn.
Curt Schilling said on CNN Dems are anti-Isreal, Muslims tied to Nazis, said no transgender bathrms. Wants to oppose you for Sen.
Right now another @NFL player is punching the shit out of his wife / girlfriend and @nflcommish don't care. Do you??? #abuse
This is an issue that Younger citizens shud be very involved in.
I also need the government to tell me how many times is enough to wipe my ass. Can you get on that?
we also have no checks and balances to our electronic voting machines.
Hillary will fix that if her donors Ihink it's a good idea
Time for the US to scrap HIPAA, GLB and the patchwork of other laws - we need a national law that covers ALL industries!
we need a constitutional amendment that protects our digital information from the hands of the state
@Austan_Goolsbee Right now, we have no-log VPNs that let consumers interested in their #privacy protect it. Favor or oppose?
let's not forget to make our senate blue ! Here the seats in your state http://dscc.org/races/ 
please look into hacking.most of us use email and need privacy.federal crime for stealing US mail why not have crime for hackers?
Liz keep protecting the Country You and I love the United States of America!!!
we have no boarders & youre talking about this? Create a safe enviorment for our citizens first!
Aproblem will be with  #broadband #privacy rules is that the consumers will have NO SAY in the rules. IE: bailout, pipelines, TPP
Those on the FCC are corporate hacks appointed by Obama. Clinton would put her own corrupt corporate hacks on the FCC.
It is front and center today with Google relaxing its policy about ID tagging, too. Please help get it regulated.
right now we have no internet to be protected
@bostonglobe @SenWarren Why isn't this an issue since McCain has already said he would block SJC Obstruction again?
Yep. Ditto for the Government. Don't like Trump on top? Just have Obozo flip the "Internet kill switch" to disrupt social media.
And no affordability regulation. Subsidies all go to the companies. #internet
Finland legally requires equal access to the Internet. Even if it's expensive to install cell towers in Arctic Lapland.
Hello Senator, do you think it's a good idea to allow At &T to buy Time Warner after they have already acquired Directv?
We probably need to figure out how to secure our networks against foreign attack first.  e.g: today.
