no one should live in poverty Senator Warren.
If we met everyone's basic needs then there wouldn't be any reason for begging, just sayin.
so you don't care about leaving your fellow human without clothes and shelter etc? Ok...
I believe that giving people a minimum living standard is the only thing that allows us to make choices
No American should be violated & abused for peacefully protesting, either. Do you #StandWithStandingRock or NOT?!?!
Hundreds of protestors (water protectors) are being harassed & abused for peacefully protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline.
I wonder if any of the "protesters" live in poverty. They're obviously not working
"I wonder if any protestors who fought for civil rights in the 60s lived in poverty. They obviously weren't working."
yes, back when there was actually a cause. So sad.
Cry me an oil-contaminated river, dude. Would you like some cheese with that WHINE?!
who's whining now pansy?  Go @realDonaldTrump !!
Even 15 isn't gonna do anything. PPL are lazy from @TheDemocrats years of handouts F'm
@kclynne27 @BostonLogan if u raise min wage, you must raise everything else to pay for it..thus creating another cycle of poverty
Bingo
Nir child care workers!
Bernie Sanders said that exact same thing. About a year before you said it.
so why do your servants?
or seniors that worked all there lives, retired to enjoy life and depended on SS and Medicare
Companies aren't hiring full time thanks to Obamacare, senator.  My job got cut to 29 hrs a week.  Wages go down too
those jobs were always meant as entry level not living wage. raising min wage will mean no entry point for new to work force
this is flat out ignorance. The minimum was established to provide workers with LIVING wages.
Fast food jobs, Uber were never meant to be living wage jobs, but entry level jobs for first time worker. Check ur ignorance
says who? They are jobs and if you knew anything about generational poverty then you'd know that some just can't get anything -
- better, and whose fault is it? Theirs? Sorry but I don't think poverty is your fault if you were born in it and you shouldn't -
- be forced to stay there. Raising minimum wage is all about giving everyone a life worth living. Why are you against that?
And if these jobs aren't meant for people to live off of then where else do you expect them to get money? Not everyone is born -
- privileged and to assume everyone has the same access to family financial support / good education is ignorance found only
Totally agree@SenWarren
So Did you hire Hillary's twitter team you sound just like her.
When you quote Bernie, you should credit Bernie.
I worked my first job at 15 1/2. It was a start up job in fast food. Made 1.65 per hour. Moved up and onward to good money.
Absolutely
How about me! I would of died if not for my @ObamaCare. My. Cancer treatments are covered now. Should I DIE TRUMP?
I am very sorry for what you went through.  Trump is replacing it with a better plan.
Better plan. What is it? Nothing on website. He has no clue!!
There you go quoting Bernie again. Too bad you fucked up and jumped on the wrong train. #JustAnotherDemFailure
Spare us. Get skills worth a living wage.
Earn it. Ppl are a commodity, selling talent/skill. Become marketable

Now what?
Well, I think all politicians should have to live on minimum wage for a month. Bring home of about $800.00 a month.
Why does business decline ?
@DuchessMR FIGHT BACK! TELL EVERY1 SIGN RECOUNT/ELECTORAL COLLEGE PETITIONS @Change before12/19VOTE
let's not get all carried away with the HRC "hard work" baloney. Let's stop working harder & start working smarter.
To be fair most first -responders don't even make that much.  #EqualPayForAll
those are entry level!! If people want to make more apprentice or get education you dolt
where were u when ford and carrier wanted to send American jobs to mexico?  Where were you????
wait for Hillary Clinton's statement of support to be posted any minute now ! #Fightfor15

Then stop illegal immigration and waste spending.
I wish we in Britain had a polititian with the same ehthusiasm, energy and fight as you have, I think you are brilliant.
#DAPL. Needs your help.
MARY JO WHITE MOST POWERFUL FINANCIAL TERRORIST,EVEN CONGRESS CANNOT ARREST HER NETFLIX $60B LOOT PONZI CONTINUES
Nobody should live in poverty. Period. #BasicIncome
how about getting some skills to gain more employment and training to further yourself..
How about a #workyourwayupto100kayear? You're such an evil fool for taking advantage of these folks.
You stole the workers homes.
I guess if someone like you can make millions and get paid for life for not doing shit, then #Fightfor15 definitely makes sense.
: $15 for fast food jobs? I made $17 in a career job after 8yrs. You are insane. Education is what ppl need. Not $15 shitty jobs.
I work 70 hours a week @$10.50/ hour. NOT ENOUGH FOR A FAMILY OF 4 BOYS AND MYSELF.
if you weren't part of the problem with all the govt waste people wouldn't have to.  You're pitiful
Then make the economy work better. Don't build a false economy that just works for those who have. You hurt the poor
after working 35 + yrs as nurse, wage flat lined , 403b drained home devalued to more than owed. Retired at 65 filed bankruptcy
I agree but Uber driving make less depending where they work and no hourly pay..
Senators should not get lifetime pensions.
@ericwms @BostonLogan I work in health care have done for over 25 years guess who's in the poverty level? Yup, that would be me!
uber retardeds are stupid creepy losers stealing taxi business and riding for charity they deserve shit lol
I agree, but also you shouldn't expect to make a living wage on THE exponential entry level job. Strive for better!
No one should live in poverty, period. @BostonLogan
@detour9600 @BostonLogan couldn't the Standing Rock go to the house of the pipeline CEO and dig up hi$ yard? And blow hi$ arm off
@detour9600 @BostonLogan Now go help out at Standing Rock and prove your harritige... PLEASE?? They need your voice...
And taco trucks too! <tacomoji>
could waitress pay also get raised!!!!! It never changes......We need it"HELP"
if ur working at a fast food place n ur above 25 you've made some poor life choices live with it or change it
@SV99999 @BostonLogan Elisabeth Warren about as smart as Obama. Big ideas with no money.
$15 isn't enough. It doesn't matter. Everyone's broke. I make much more than that and I'm broke from loans. #joke
true but mcdonalds is not ment as a full time support yourself job, if I could make 15 an hr why go to school
@POTUS term is an utter failure
you have no grasp of labor costs tied to supply & demand,close our borders to stop cheap labor,no more robots
how much did you make for teaching that one class at that college that one time?
@davecraige @BostonLogan why should uber drivers get $15 an hour? Their claim is regulation is bad for transportation.
You don't pay someone $15/hr to flip burgers. Complexity of duties & skill set should drive how much a job pays.
where are you on the pipeline ms 2020? HOLLA @POTUS #PunchLeft4Success
why don't you work for 15.  This will just put more people out of work or send every thing up
explains poverty rich girl
You r so right but it's been true for years.  Low paid work with no benefits - the new slavery
Yes Paul Ryan will now take everything from the people low income white,blacks and Latinos seniors citizens,children
is a SOROS puppet & fraud. The @GOP won more than just the prez so thank you #Pocahontas! @BostonLogan #MAGA #faucahontas
And trump mouth is still leaking out mess!Now the people will lose everything even them who voted for him Paul Ryan
Now the Democrats talking about fixing the party 4yrs of hell because the Democrats fight game was weak just weak
Now the Democrats want to talk about a change.why you'll let trump and Kellyann&them get away with stuff See Look
if the Democrats party was sincere then how you'll let Hilary get rolled over by email hacking speaking out then
I bet I get no response back from you or no one else Senator Warren this will be a brush http://off.you 'll really dont care
In fact, no one should live in poverty full stop.
Can you Elizabeth Warren please respond back!this is why sometimes I believe my vote don't count only ever 4or8 yrs
NEVER do the Democrats talk about the people with disabilities.mentioned only but you'll focus is people who work
You'll always talking about people that work only!what about people with disabilities thst can't work do they count!
Did they graduate from high school?
we've go a Foreign gov interfering in our elect, DAPL, a fascist taking over the WH! What are you guys doing??
Yet U were paid 350K for teaching one class @ Harvard & made millions flipping houses during the crisis..hypocrite
so does that mean that you are a part time worker based on your hrs actually worked?
You dumb cunt fast food is not meant to be a full time job. It's meant to be entry level for teenagers.
lower the cost of living then. Raising minimum wage only raises the COL and then makes the min wage people pay taxes
@CNN @ABC @CBS @NBC @BBCNews @HillaryClinton @MomsThoughts @AlecBaldwin 
PETITION ELECTORS!
Agreed, but new administration will want everyone working for the old rich white guys for peanuts with no benefits!
Shouldn't U be working to bring prices down? Raising wages will only cause prices to soar B/c ppl will have more $ !
I suppose that you are implying that no one should even start a new business in America unless they pay $15? Nuts.
Yes, let's keep them from being ambitious and striving for something better. Keep the beholden to the Democrat Party. #cantfix
It would b so great if it was you, Sen Warren, who was going to b our president. Hope u no we so need u now.
spoken like a true far left wing communist. Can we say wacko!
Is that in our U.S. Constitution?
Why not $500/hr! Everybody could get rich real fast, right?
Get Lost Lizzy.Your support, Ideas, Opinions, and choice of failed candidate make you appear confused and delusional
Socialism at it's best
@nonnydee @BostonLogan #sen warren I'm so afraid of this guy he us so dangerous
and Senators who work part time shouldn't get paid! How many hours DO YOU REALLY work Dizzy Lizzy!
I WORKED HARD ALL MY LIFE, YOU ARE GOING TO PRICE ME OUT OF THE MARKET INTO POVERTY. ALSO YOU ARE GOING TO COST JOBS
Love it Sen Warren, Uber especially bothers me. Uber pool cuts wages drastically.
No one should work full time at a business meant for high schoolers! #fastfood #findabetterjob #Fightfor15 #nownojob
they don't work full time and you will not be poor Brookings institute
as long as you keep it in MA, just increase the tax in Taxachussets. I am glad I don't live there anymore
Senator: no one should live in poverty at all.
But I personally do AND CANT AFFORD HOUSING. My pay is 50% rental exp ONLY. 50% all else. I am that person food or meds
I agree I unfortunately was one of those people.
I work as a full time teacher assistant with a federal program and I don't make $15/hr
no work, only talk. No use
What about partially disabled that don't qualify for SS but can't get work due to hearing loss?
$15 is not an end game.  $15 hurts the lower middle class! 

http://www.forbes.com/sites/mikepatton/2014/11/26/the-facts-on-the-minimum-wage-increase/#748873c952ad …
Why stop at $15/hour? I think we all deserve $50/hour!!
Yes and you need to make about $50 or more to afford a small apartment in NYC or other liberal cities
exactly! we would all love to live in San Francisco with a nice ocean view, but it's not affordable.
#Fightfor15 Debunked by actual economics: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zisxWMu34k …
Go back to Tee Pee Uber drivers advertised as extra job to make more money Leave this to job creators
or NURSES!!
I don't think so either. But what about airline employees that are paid $15/hr versus airport fast food workers?
Those jobs kids got. They don't have families to support.  What about their jobs? Are all jobs going  to illegals??
It is not nor should it be a businesses' liability to provide a "living wage".
There's something wrong when people working 2-3 jobs struggle to make ends meet.
hope you will consider running for president in 4 years
you're smart enough to know that a raise for everybody equals a raise for nobody. You do get that, don't you?
no one elected to public office should ignore the Dakota pipeline protests, but somehow you do?
then get the Government out of our pockets. #PRODUCEMORETHANYOUCONSUME
how about a universal income instead. Get a basic salary regardless of work situation. Much better safety net.
Nobody should live in poverty, ever. We have more people than there are jobs. #basicincome
@SenSanders @SenSherrodBrown I'm very proud of you too.I KNOW you won't http://QUIT.You  are one with balls. Clang them girl!
.@SenWarren No college professor should make 350k per year. How's your 5 million dollar mansion?
Minimum Wage Jobs weren't meant to be a career senator. Make real jobs, not jobs for democratic voters. You know...
Amen!  But I would like to see Republicans there for a long while!
And what are you going to tell the workers who are laid off because employers can't afford the minimum wage increase?
Admire your tenacity, energy, intellect, and political goals; however, I need to hear from you,"How to stop T"
You are just the worst. Like you endorse whatever is evil and bad for the country #FightFor15 #FightToBeReplaced
people should not live above their means. If your career is a fast food worker then that's a personal choice live it
stop it with the 15 dollar minimum wage argument. This conversation needs to be more nuanced, some don't deserve it
where are you @CNN @MSNBC we hold you accountable for the state of affairs in the  #Bought
#wrong ppl deserve what they earn fair and square. take away the gun from the gov. #valuefor$$$
@realDonaldTrump U dems keep evey1 poor w/yr horrible economic policies & Tax increases   @KellyannePolls
Big companies will be getting big tax breaks don't be greedy, pass that money down to the workers.
Have you thought much about how public schools would afford $15 per hour?

What about out-of-work college grads?
most people I know have to work two jobs and still can't make it. Children suffer not having a parent in the home.
fast food workers older than HS age should get an education if they want more money not this way
in jail for
. Bit you all want people http://to.call  hom president.. Yeah I am going to email  my folks about that...
WALMART
the elect shouldn't  be taken office  either but its allowed.  He has so many  things a normal  person would be put
Certainly not our beloved politicians... Oh you said full time workers... Nevermind.
.@SenWarren @BostonLogan THIS IS A TRULY IGNORANT STATEMENT...NO MEANING NO DIRECTION JUST ANOTHER TAX ON THE RICH
you lost
if only some politicians understood economics.
$15 is great but should there be a phase in from $10 to $15 over 5 years?
but the top 1% need their tax breaks more!
I'm an Uber driver, I don't want employee classification. If drivers aren't grossing at least $15 they're doing something wrong.
jobs are the past. Noone should live in poverty. #MinimumBasicIncome
Minimum wage was never designed to support families. Entry-level work to establish career thru education
yes, but let us, and by that I mean You, respectfully, recognize the Dakota Access Pipeline. TAKE A STANCE!!! #NoDAPL
You're right. They should all get $360,000 per year teaching one course. Uber drivers are not workers.
OUR VETERANS SHOULDN'T BE LIVING IN POVERTY!
Nobody should live in poverty. Period. Still adore you Senator and will always #Fightfor15 #UnionStrong
Exactly.  No one should live in poverty, period.
Says who?  Why should no one live in poverty?  No one should have cancer either?
The real fight that needs to being NOW is for #basicincome.
#Fightfor15
and Trump and his billionaire buddies will never comprehend this.
no, they're too busy creating higher paying jobs
Still silent on DAPL?
When is a job not a job? When it doesn't pay enough to cover the basic bills.
Once I started hitting a higher bracket at work, they dropped my hours and hired more people who made less $
Obamanomics and the Democrats have create the mess.Starting w/BillClintons AffordableHousing #MortageMeltdown

