too bad u endorsed Hillary instead of Bernie sanders ... You had trump elected
you really think bernie would have held up thru the trump twitter shit storm? i doubt it
he would have owned trump in every way...Bernie wasn't corrupt Bernie fought for middle class
all due respect, Bernie wouldn't have lived thru it. trump hater troops wudda killed him
haha u act like sanders hasn't been attacked his whole political life ...he has done nothing but deal with haters
not acting. Bernie never received full brunt of trump storm. wasn't considered a real threat. doesn't matter much now tho
ur right now we're stuck with trump bc of Hillary's corruptness and the primary being rigged...also warrens endorsement
there is work to be done. join the ACLU. give to planned parenthood. start writing to your congressman. get involved
I don't believe the idiots who voted Trump really care about your country, rather like Trump himself.
Yup. Trump cares about one thing himself.
Not true he loves America saying so for years same things. Try some research. We want JOBS,safe borders
So, so gullible. Hey I have some ocean front property in Nevada for sale... cheap!
Whatever you want to think in your little world. I am living in reality.
Sure you are. And all those small business contractors Trump screwed was him showing tough love I guess.
Right now I'm more worried about Obama saying retaliation on RA for non-existing hacks. was a leak
You people crack me up.
you did not give a SHIT about where Bill and Hill were getting their money, or using the SOS office for pay to play - hypocrite!
@tommy2slowdude @SenWarren The whole lot of them are corrupt! Wish DTS could start with the dems in DC! She'd be #1!!
is just a loudmouth phylogenetic of the extreme left liberals
Yes she is! She's the most annoying lib there is & that's saying A LOT considering who's there!
I think this clown is worse.. just say'n!
He sure is giving her a run for her money, isn't he? He's become quite annoying very quickly!!
I'd like to see the Head Clown and Pocahontas take their act and go on the road.. middle East??
Pocahontas has done nothing to deserve this dissing. Faux-cahontas / Lie-a-watha tho

ask netanyahu about election interference
So you done what was best for MA? Noooo... Lizzy you stayed on your reservation but O is leaving and you will be voted out
where your millions came from
Where'd you get your millions, Fauxcahontas?
and we will as soon as we get that manchrian traitor barry out of the white house, pocahontas.
Did you just assume the pres. Elect's pronoun? Shame on you. 
we have got to stop this scammer from entering the White House!!  What can we do to help! #Lock-donald-trump-up!!
Americans deserve to know what's in your and your friends pockets...DNC days of being able to hide your filth is over
you and the rest of the Democrats are frauds and completely disingenuous. How does it feel to be amoral?
PLEASE keep doing what you're doing, speaking out, being brave. We need loud thoughtful voices on the Hill. That's you!
yes, continue to lie about your heritage and back losers that are against the very thing you claim u are 4. Precious.
Aggressive much? Why don't you respectfully support your side and I'll do the same for mine? Merry Christmas.
Unfortunately, based on Trump's appointments, actions, and stated priorities, his sole intent seems to be self-enrichment.
@sarasotadems Run ELIZABETH run! 
Yes we do deserve to know.   By the  looks of how this country is doing the obama is working for himself.  He has made a mess of our country
You mean EXACTLY what @HillaryClinton was doing as SoS ......you know the one you campaigned with and failed
. About time you put Obama in his place.
@realDonaldTrump  we deserved to know what hillary did as well im sure you made $$ off HRC coat tale you should be expelled
59% of Detroits VOTE FRAUD more votes than people voted. All 4 HRC?& You? Part time professor with a big f-ing mouth. HYPOCRITE
So WHY are the Democrats so quiet? Can you imagine how loud the GOP would be if the shoe was on the other foot?

Because if you do not look at Republicans with the same lense. It is Bull Shit PERIOD.
agreed. But she sells herself as if she's not doing the same thin
all of this was done for 
Bush!!!
are you smoking pot and tweeting? Obama is only trying to hurt the US as much as he can for his own enjoyment & to help ISIS
Capitalist don't care about others aside from what others can do for them.
You talking about Obama and HRC?
No.
anyone following the fake Indian outlaw lmao
AWHAT ARE YOU NOT TALKING ABOUT HILLARY ARE , I WILL TELL BILL ON YOU
We already know that!    We dont give a crap what you swamp people think!!!!
or worse, doing what's best for the enemies of this country. re: the last 8 years
Why would you make outrageous accusations without any evidence (not to mention he isn't in office yet) oh yeah, youre a democrat.
when you speak for Americans, RU referring to the people of New York or the people of California. I don't want u speaking 4 me!
Since when do you care about transparency?  If Clinton had won, you would not have dreamed of introducing this bill.  #soreloser
like the Obama's did with the lavish vacations. Or maybe in your pocket?
Excellent comment. Let's not enable Trump to further enrich himself and his cronies.
kinda like Hillary Clinton does.
YOU BEST LOOK AT HILLARY CLINTON.  THERE IS A REASON YOUR PARTY LOST ESPECIALLY AFTER THE VOTER FRAUD DEM PARTY COMMITTED.
What a very hypocritical statement, Hmmm 2008-2016
You can't delegitimize PEOTUS Trump, no matter what tactics are used. He is the real deal. Time to accept this, gracefully
Very Hypocritical statement, check past 8 years and apply it to this statement. Can't wait until Jan 20 2017, America Great again
Thats what Americans always deserved, but whats best for the country did not happen the past 8 years for sure.

If President-Elect Trump was doing what is best for himself, he would not have spent 100 million of his own money to get elected!
Chosen wrong guy for that!
It's about time we have a business man running the country. He will be honest unlike the Clintons.
Like that will ever happen....
"Fact Checker" Wrote "there is no documented proof of Warren’s self-proclaimed, partial Native American heritage"! Hypocrite!
You claimed to be a Native American to qualify yourself for a job!! Unreal!
What a contradiction! Your Pal, HRC, has been using her office to do what's best for her and her husband for years! Hypocrite!
Americans are terrified, we are calling,emailing, signing petitions yet we hear silence and see no action..
get thee to a mental hospitol.
Senator Warren, people know. The Cabinet shows the real deal.
Republican oath has superseded their oaths of office, the constitution and democracy itself. Treason.
Y? He had a secret service detail that taxpayers paid 4. Wouldn't anyone paying taxes have been an injured party?
? Ted Cruz # of lawsuits aimed at his Prez run, being born in Canada yet courts dismissed only injured party was trump?
this isn't just a trump problem, it's a republican coup problem, entire gov't problem, Ds&Ls front row seats did nothing. Y?
R party now can stack everything in their favor, even if illegal, they now have the power to rewrite the constitution itself
republican oath & it's enforcement is unconstitutional & illegal as well as tool 2 destroy democracy itself. Y no accountability
trump could take his place. We watched & heard that any gop that didn't get on board the trump train, out of the gop ...
we saw a txt electorate state he would not vote 4 trump but due to R oath, he was going 2 step down so someone who would vote
which brings 2 the federal laws of violating their oaths of office. Each one of them but not one held accountable. Y is that?
4 instance, supreme court nominee, constitution literally states Prez picks Senate vets ... Yet R oath they blatantly refused
republican coup has been destroying democracy from the inside out, but I have 2 wonder if Ds&Ls aren't working w/Rs
through the courts, it put a stop to, in this case planned parenthood. But there r other examples
openly stating they knew their legislation would b struck down but at least 4 the 2-3 yrs it took 2 work it's way
curious. Y hasn't any1 gone after the R party & the oath they pledged to their party? We have all witnessed
ehh emm....Trump isnt President yet
Damn right we do! But don't see DEMS accomplishing one damn thing on this. WHERES THE THUNDER???!!
like you and hillary did not use offices to do what is best for yourselves
how did you get soo rich
5.4 million $ mansion 
If you only spent as much time helping the people of Syria than this nonsense maybe 1/2 million more people would still be alive?
@fourfacesofeve 
Maybe so, but we will have to wait to MAYBE the next one ti have it be so.
#AMEN!
your about 8 years too late there Fake Indian Woman.
Someone better get a microphone and pound away at Trump just like HE did about Obama and Clinton...he is getting away with murder
Why are dems so polite about Trump's bullshyt? Time to give the repubs taste of their own medicine...Trump cut off their balls
No doubt he made some kind of deal with Putin.... just look at who his campaign staff were...His sons are no angels either...
and obviously you are talking about President OBAMA. I agree with you, he is selfish!
thank you!
Exactly because every time you do more people are gping to vote for trump next election too! Fauxchahontas rules!
Let hear how you used the system to claim Indian ancestry & how you profited from it.
That's what loser Democrats do like you.
how fucking awesome is it that you tweeted this while potus was on a golf course in Hawaii?
where were you when the Clinton's were getting filthy rich while "serving" in office?
As usual, doing everything but your job! Stop wasting our money!!!
did Soros tell you that when you ran into the meeting. You're just as bad as the rest of them.
Right on Elizabeth Warren, forcing Trump to divestiture is the only way he will avoid conflict of AMERICA's INTEREST.
All he will do is what is good for himself.
With Obama, I never had any doubt. That ends January 20th.
Agreed
it is up to you now,  senator. Lead the fight! Carry the torch.
The Donald is the greatest con man in history. He's gonna run the federal government like a con man would. For profit. His own.
I've been saying same about Obama but he never was transparent with citizens of USA
He will run this national office like a CEO!
POTUS not using his office for anything.. He's in Hawaii... AGAIN! 
That scenario sounds vaguely familiar.  Hmmm. Starts with an H... Hmmm..
Obamas record speaks for itself
It took 8 years but glad to see you on the dump dear,leader,band wagon!
you accuse the man of personal gain have you any proof of your crazy statement he hasnt even taken office U NEED TO BE VOTED OUT
you need to put those words in front of a mirror and read it to yourself. Americans deserve to know what kind of Senator you are
We Americans already know that.  It is sore losers like you that don't know because you WON'T LISTEN to truth.
libertarians are the real liberals. Progressives are Facists
Obama no different than Bush and Clinton...chrony capitalists hiding behind progressive talking points
#2 being heard in the wilderness or anywhere else.  do U understand this? you Dems are dead, over, caput, get it? goners:)
do you realize that no one is listening to you except the died-in-the-wool Dems who already follow U? Ur strident voice is NOT
Trump doesn't deserve to be President
I never heard your concern before the ellection. is this because of the effect this comment has on the Clinton Foundation?
What are the Dem's willing to do when he sets in place polices that help his business and not the country?
did u purposely vote on measures that caused the housing bubble that you benefitted from when you were with the FDIC???
Keep whining>>>see if anybody listens>>>
Oh, like Obama, and The Bush's, Bill Clinton haha only dems can use the office for what is best for them?
OBAMA failed that. you fght for yr life not fr we the people.    we see you
you are talking about president Obama right? Because that's exactly what he's doing, all about himself his legacy. #Trash
really since when maybe you people in Congress should be part of this bill . when your part of the bill we will accept
agree, and Obama or the Senate Ethics committee should order Trump to produce his tax returns, so we can see what he is hiding
So what would you say about all the vacations and golf trips Obama has taken? You think that's best for the country?
First, Americans need to know you're not American Indian. Second, did you sell any investments you had to hold office?
:  You have got to be kidding. All Hillary EVER DID was fill her own pockets, and lie. It's a wonder God hasn't struck her down.
@dwalker12v yep I also think he's going to redecorate the white house with a disco theme, disco ball,lights, & leopard furniture
@realDonaldTwerp sure do we want to know what was gong on during Benghazi where was the president full accountability
Want some Play Doh??
Don't stop, where are Trump's tax returns?
Catch Obama before his vacation starts to see what he's doing. We know he doesn't work much but less when on vacation. ? R U Nuts
Give Trump a chance. I believe he will be a great president. He said he is working with his lawyers to do what is right.
Americans deserve for you to sit down and shut up.
ha! Let's see pocahontas did you really just tweet that?  Suck it up snowflake...
please talk to Mrs. Clinton about @KeithOlbermann proposal. She can still save America, even if she won't be President.
Where have you been the past 8 years? Obama using the office to do what's in his best interests not the US and never the people.
that goes for Secretary of States and Senators as well! Doing what's best for the country is supporting the new president
it's a shame everyone in Congress doesn't think this way.
I don't give a rat's ass what Donald Trump does with businesses he's created. That is none of Elizabeth's business either.
they also deserve a congress who has America in their interest and not Party.clean your own yard before others
You are  a crazy  person
really and progressives deserve to know the same about you Sen. Warren
, get a life and go away, you and and all the Democrats babys!
@realDonaldTrump any time a foreign dignitary checks into a Trump hotel PEOTUS is in violation of the emoluments clause !

not everyone is like you using your office to line your pockets
seems to me many in Congress make $ and take $ from the tax payers
you are a joke!  Mind your own damn business.
Obama was bought and paid for by Wall Street. American people know the truth. that's why Hillary lost. Hope and change was bs.
God Bless you, Senator! I am from MA. and am VERY proud that we have you to be our voice!!! Keep on doing what you do!!!!
No problem there. It's always the latter.
I agree.  Thank God that herself was not elected.  

BTW -  Please go back to ruining a State, not the nation.
@realDonaldTrump Trump, leave our freedoms alone. You can't rewrite our constitution 2 fit your selfish, greedy, needs & desires.
just more democratic bullshit.
@johniadarola sit down and be quiet because you are partly to blame for his presidency
@what2hell Well. We know where @realDonaldTrump 's interests lie. It's all about him and filling his pockets.
You are a a MORON pochahontas
We need to know why you have consistantly done nothing and want us now to listen to you? You lie and swindle, non native American
You mean like how @HillaryClinton divested herself from the Clinton Foundation ?
@mch7576 he must feel like he is running a kindergarten most days. his memoirs will be epic.
you mean like obama did for 8 years?
you can't be sure that Trump won't do this
Go straight to hell.
Your Marxism is a conflict of interest with the Constitution.
It's amazing when you have a business man in that chair they are one in the same!!!! #yourafuckingidiot
you mean like you do? can't wait for term limits your ass can't hit the street fast enough for me
YOU DID OBJECT TO HILLARY'S CONFLICT OF INTEREST.
@SHOULD READ DIDN'T TO CLINTION'S CONFLICTS OF INTERESTSenWarren
another Lose...do you need a safe Space you sellout?
