Any update on clinical #cannabis research to help the US #opiate epidemic? #cannabis4pain #cannabiscurbsaddiction 
#stoptheharm
opiate epidemic is due to middle class being devoured for last 30 years.  Pain relief. Look at stats -
I wonder if transparency will suffer under Clinton like it did Obama. I am a true liberal and Clinton is as slimy as Trump
"Clinton as slimy as Trump"?....please enlighten me
If you don't already know, it would be a waste of time as you are bought and paid for.
Since when accusation become explanation? :-)
Save your words, you have no credibility with me, your a shill.
Lol....if you are just angry with brain lid closed, then I have no comments.....
I am voting for Jill Stein. I am not mad, just bored of arguing with Unlikable Clinton supporters.
#SHAMEonYOU>@SenWarren You do damage against  vaccine transparency @NEJM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xijjls2axCM … #VAXXED #CDCwhistleblower #USA1in45Autism
.@SenWarren @NEJM the bigger problem regarding data transperancy is all the work thats not published:
.   You are a beacon in the darkness......
Why don't you ask your new best friend about her connections with big pharma?

Shut up Warren-Who are you to be talking abou transparency-you endorsed Hillary & she's a #DisgustingWarPig #JillStein2016
Olga makes absolutely no sense. The Russian oger that Trump is, you all better wake up.
You thrive on fear of Trump-but I outgrew fear about 50yrs ago if you haven't outgrown fear thats your problem #PatheticBaby
We also need to offer improved assistance in mental health 2, since guns/privacy keep people in pain, alone, angry and depressed.
I have a start-up doing exactly this and I could use help as a small business!  We are American innovators with traction!
Tell your Zionists "Emily's List", and ancestor Margaret Sanger, that they will not experiment on, or abort Black fetuses.
. Thank you! Transparency should be an international standard. 
Having been involved in many clinical trials; my biggest concern is that phase 4 (post approval) collection data is never done!
NO more money to Israel! Americans across the country are in so much need and you are sending $$ for wars
If people are terminal what's a trial drug going to do, kill 'em?
and I would like the democrats to review the negative impact that obama care/ affordable care act has had on peoples health
Is this transparency a different kind of transparency that Obama promised 7+ years ago?  Just asking.
Hey Liz, tell your F girlfriend @HillaryClinton to pack her bags. She will be out in #November. #Tatiana
: read about the shocking corporate influence ($$$) in drug trials by government agencies & responsibility to US ignored.
WHY NOT WRITE ABOUT THE NEED FOR TRANSPARENCY IN THE DNC, HRC AND THE CLINTON FOUNDATION NO TRANSPARENCY THERE
Want to improve people's health? FIX the health care system. "Obama Care" makes MY health care options worse!
our own government is incapable of sharing info but you keep pushing for more gov control
@SenWarren @NEJM
Transparency in candidates. No 5th, No deleting or hiding evidence, No under table deals, No Fed Law breaking, No Lying...
you talk shit & back Hillary. I can't believe you
you are officially irrelevant.  Time to send you your "Twitter walking papers".  #unfolllow
you want another gov agency like @CFPB where they pay non managers over $200k?
How about transparency in our ransom deals with Iran?
What about the need of transparency with IRAN, COME ON ON SENATOR $400,000 FOR THE FOUR AMERICANS RIGHT BEFORE THE IRAN NUKE DEAL
hope its not the same transparency that Obama has used??
How in THE WORLD did you show up on MY twitter?  GET OFF!!
How about a little transparency with your heritage.TAKE THE DNA TEST AND PUT IT TO REST!!!!
Geronimo!!!!!!!
Here's Goofy!
omg.....so many trolls from Trump army with brain lid closed ;-)
@SenWarren @NEJM
with you 100%. However, the state of the system used to enter the data is a big part of the problem, very hard to use!
though I should admit that I haven't seen the system since 2013 (hopefully it's better now!)
Bet you thought u would b Hillary running mate. She pissed on you and Bernie
This is something that is really needed wonderful article
 Keep up with the good work
Hey, how 'bout that $400 million to Iran?  Nothing to see here, move along, right?
Thank you
native American  Trump gave her native American name "Pecahanes"
Well everything Pocahontas says is true, I mean she has never lied in her life 
you will be surprised if you know how much % industry get from trial than actual clinic
So @BarackObama could only get his paper into JAMA, but @SenWarren published in @NEJM. Which pol will be the first with a Nature paper?
@BernieSanders We miss you Elizabeth, we are looking forward to seeing you and Bernie on the stump
Do you suppose that once Trump is declared insane our country's mental health crisis will get the attention it needs?
oh Pocahontas we are coming.
maybe you can do something about it. Alinsky idolizers seem to want to push people apart (cont) http://tl.gd/nmo2f7 
Maybe you should implement that in your political career
Sharing research data will speed health science to improve care, care value. We can solve its issues.
some people don't get it
nobody admits errors. Greed, duplicity, cover ups and bald faced lying into a camera. (cont) http://tl.gd/nmo2eo 
!!!!put red back on REPUBLICAN!!!
Why don't you visit Medicine Man....???
you are a phony. I used to respect you. Big disappointment.
I am a doctor and wonder about the legacy of transparency and truthfulness considering (cont) http://tl.gd/nmo2ee 
Don't forget we're all unwitting participants in the long-term clinical trial is secret GMO's in our food supply.  Ideas?
So much GOOD we could do for so many people. Roadblocks be gone! VOTE, VOTE, VOTE, down ticket too.
I am really happy it will and is going to work
Work ongoing!
- What's a clinical trial system?
Along the same lines, can we talk about using big data to find corruption in government?? :)
Great step! It should be true of anything that threatens our health. From oil drilling to smoking.
this is much needes
whoa. Wait.  Are we now turning our attention to policy?  I feel alive again!
then stop backing Hillary Clinton she hides and sneeks all the time
Senator Warren fighting for real change, and Trump is fighting with a baby.
How about a bill where people have to prove they are Native American to use it for personal advantage.
goofy Pocahontas
Traitor
where is the vid?
