why attack her heritage?  Out of logical arguments?  You're comment is deplorable and fitting a Trump supporter
Freaking RedNeck!
Loving redneck by you piece of garbage
See America this is Trump's base. Should you wish to support hate associate w guys like this. Love trump's hate!
What if my family doesn't want to pay eighteen dollars for our cheeseburgers?
In Australia McDonald's workers make $16/hour and the burgers are only $.06-$.70 more.
False premise, quarter pounders in the US varies widely from place to place, 2.25 in rural south to over 5 in NYC
Labor is a very small part of the price of that burger. It's mostly rent, insurance, and franchise fees.
labor is about one fifth to one quarter of sales in that industry if it's very well controlled, your talking about DOUBLING it
Using your numbers that's an extra $.75 for a Big Mac. And the issue is?
The issue is something called the law of supply and demand, increases in price reduces quantity consumed
Except for one thing. Raising wages at the bottom of the spectrum increased demand greatly so it would be a wash at worst.
Repugs choosing Mien Kampf Trump &giving pass on fraud &corruptions &Plus Presidency is SICK!!!
oh look...fauxcahontas is back.
@LisaEdelstein Pocahontas,  did you expect Trump to appoint Democrats to his cabinet?
no, its a slap in the face for you and your 5 supporters. #snowflake #liberaltears #needasafespace #maga #trump2016
If you did not whine and cry about everything you might have a little credibility
@Merry__Can @SenWarren No Warren lost credibility with her fake Indian claims to game the system. She's a crook
She is indeed a crook and like Hillary, doesn't even try to hide it
@LisaEdelstein hey! Fauxcahontas (warren)! Queen of fakeness - go away!!
Crooked Hillary lost Trump won. Pull up your diaper and get over it.
@LisaEdelstein what exactly has the previous administrations done !!
Then go to Trump Tower and talk to Pres Elect @realDonaldTrump instead of sitting on your high horse This President Listens
Right this President listen! You make me laugh
and u know he wouldn't listen based on....?
Beause he reply the following to one of her tweet
shouldn't you be at #StandingRock with "your people", Pocahontas?
No it is an audit for that Agency.
"SLAAAP!!!"
@LisaEdelstein what did he do?  Falsify a college application claiming minority status to milk financial aid from taxpayers?
What would know about hard working American families? The liberal trust funded snobs are your base.
How would you know that?
@LisaEdelstein Kind of like letting a muslim with ties to ISIS/ISIL and the muslim brotherhood be the president huh...
@MsReneeHopkins Canada and US much alike.ĺiberals lose and let the whining begin. When they think they are winning all is good.
@LisaEdelstein why would anyone believe anything u say fauxahontas...
@LisaEdelstein haha haha
you are a slap in the face Sen warren there Pochohantas
Cabinet post nominees dreadful, unsuited. Will Dems stand up to oppose them? Will Congress keep other treachery in check?
I think they should approve them and let the American people witness what terrible choices Trump made in his cabinet.
They are a crew designed not to serve our country but to cause chaos and dismantle its institutions. Too dangerous!
I agree you wholeheartedly that they will do just that. It's unfortunate but I hope and pray we weather the next for years.
you mean 8 right?
Doubt he makes it through one. Just too crooked, too many crimes.
Trump and his attack on a Union leader is a direct shot at American workers. No respect for unions. No respect for working class
And you are a slap in the face to every true Native American who would never think about using their heritage for job preference
Why? Please be specific as I'm sincerely interested.
Electing .@realDonaldTrump to run the country is a kick to the crotch of all citizens of earth. It will get worse before it gets better
Not investigating this election prior to transition is a slap in the face to Americans as well. It's warranted
@jasoninthehouse says he will NOT investigate and just keep on eye on Trump when he becomes POTUS! A bit late is it?
Having Pocahontas serving in the United States Senate is a slap in the face to every honest American!
Elizabeth we're all standing with you and Bernie.
You must have a foot in two different worlds.  She betrayed Bernie and he sold out to HRC.  Must be frustrating.
Shut up liar.
Absolutely right! Trump's not in it for hard working Amers. He's in it for himself folks. Look at what he's DOING, not SAYING!
By now it's become pretty obvious that Trump is all about American-family slapping.
Agree, Too bad his die hard supporters don't see this! Don the Con!
They will once he takes away their food stamps and Medicare.
Funny actually the other way around. The rust belt Trump supporters are out of jobs on welfare
Yes & unfortunately with automation very few manufacturing jobs will return. low pay that do.
that's right those jobs aren't coming back.
do you EVER have anything nice to say?  how do you sleep at night...
@LisaEdelstein  - forgot just how "ethical" you were.... unreal.
@LisaEdelstein 
Most of them needed the taste slapped out of their mouth in the first place. You look like it's happened to you.
@LisaEdelstein butt hurt?
no it isn't.
To quote Obama "elections have consequences" , go play with your fascist Dem. pals
your mentally ill
Bitching, Bitching. when is the minority party is going to stop?
keep up the good work! Keep on Trump's back!
@LisaEdelstein at least he's not a wanna be indian
@LisaEdelstein you're right chief

disagree, plus most hard working people voted for trump
just go away
u and the sinocrats know NOTHING about hard work
so what have you actually done about robo-calls??
It's a good thing you don't work then. That face doesn't need any more abuse.
@LisaEdelstein "The time for campaigning is over, elections have consequences" -B. Obama.
only in #POCOMASSISTS warped #Liberal neuronless brain!  @LisaEdelstein
Why do you say that?
u are delusional Trump will be the best prez ever u dems better get ready to do real work not bs work
; Blah, Blah, Blah--says the woman who has accomplished nothing for hard working AMERICAN people.
U know what else is a slap in the face for working families? Taxation.
. Why have Democrata gone quiet .  Democrats should be load and clear condeming Trump cabinet picks especially w ties to RUSSIA
I would your response on the following allegation
put your big girl pants on loser.
Unless there are enough votes in EC to deny Trump presidency, it appears his Cabinet will proceed to dismantle Fed. Gov. Plans?
Getting RID of union parasites who HARM job creation is good for workers. You are committed to ideology, common sense escapes you
w all due respect I believe the Russian coup is a BIT MORE IMPORTANT. This is NOT another day at the office. Trump is a traitor!
actually it quite the opposite swamp thing. #draintheswamp
Get over it Pocahontas.
every Cabinet appointment is made to destroy the agency and our democracy. Trump is so gullible he's being told what to do
trump clearing the swamp by making the payer the player in federal policy. No need for pay to play in WH now.
is like putting the fox in charge of the hen house he will gut everything
everything that is no ultra left offends you. Get over yourself. The Dems lost
ARE YOU GOING ON THE WAR PATH POCAHUNIS?
I work hard and received no slap other than you reward those that don't work-which I get to pay for. And that truly is a slap!!!
Funny, you didn't say a peep about Obama appointing college friends and other incompetent political hacks...

almost nearly everything you say is a slap in the face to Americans.
thanks, I needed that!
am I the only one that replies now that no one is listening?
I hope I'm wrong, but I have a gut feeling Russian troops
will make a move in 2017.  lorie cohen rowley
What most Americans forget is that history repeats itself.
Go back to pre-WWI.  Trump's team need close scrutiny.
never worked a day in her life.
the slap in the face is protecting and supporting the career criminal, Hillary Clinton.
They slapped themselves when they voted for him.
pretty much every appointment he's made has been a slap in someone's face, workers, POC, women, planet, nation....
Puzder will make going to work a health hazard for all blue collar workers !
Of course. DT could care less about those who voted him on.
It is like having dogs guard the meatloaf
it is clear Trump suffers from Personal Disorder like Narcissism. can u have some scholar publish a pertinent essay about it.
Pretending to be Native American based on "family legend" and a recipe to further your own career is dishonest #borrowedladder
you have no idea how to run a bussiness .stay out of it
well since you disagree with it that must mean I'm going to love it. Since nothing you say makes any sense to me.
Your side lost everything and we even control a large majority of Gov and State Houses. Need new leadership for the Dems.
That's why your side lost all the elections . Take a look at who controls what In DC . WH. Senate, HOR, and soon Sup Court.
As if you've ever been a hard working American and know anything about the average American.
Can you ever say anything positive? Grandma told me: "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all. Words to live by
workers don't want the "protection" you speak of.  They can do it themselves for free.
We need to #DrainTheSwamp and guess what!? @SenWarren is part of the SWAMP. We're coming for you Pocahontas
That's FAUXcahontas
Yeah, true. Even on this she was caught lying. What a disgrace! She should be locked up with Hillary.
you are a slap in the face to the American people.
still a kick in the rear when they feel like to do it. I've been there.
Hopefully,you are painfully aware that your policies have failed to improve our lives. Carl,Jr. hires 1000's. What have you done?
Your socialist policies are a slap in the face to every hard working American.  @realDonaldTrump will trounce you in 2020.. lol
maybe he should elect some1 that charges hundreds of thousands of $$ 2speak I'll about making $$.
BTW, my daughter's ins rose by nearly 30% this year.  Thanks Pocahontas.
Hopefully, you are aware that many industries are seeking alternatives due to the high cost of the AFFORDABLE Obama Care.
Hopefully, you are aware that the majority of the jobs at this sort of fast food restaurant are meant to be filled by teens.
I'm Thinking YOU Claiming to be #AmericanIndian So To Benefit YourSelf Is The Bigger "Slap In The Face" !! @Foxnews @CNN @MSNBC
your radical non-American left wing views are a slap in the face to every American.
.@SenWarren Put a lid on it Pocahontas
A slap in the face is you taking big money from the banks than acting like you are anti-bank! Scammer!!
Your lies about being an Indian are a slap in the face to all Indians and Americans!  Hypocrite!!
Your the slap in the face, you cant even tell the truth about your heritage, but you sure can take the money and run.
you are a slap in the face to all hard working US citizens
blah blah where were u u when native need ur help on #nodapl??
Thank you, Sen Warren, for continuing to speak out against the egregious appointments of the person whom most did not vote for
This entire cabinet is a farce, we are a laughingstock
@CNN @amjoyshow Pezder wants Robots not humans doing the work and cheaper wages. Trump voters look at where jobs are going Robots
Only ppl who've never worked believe ppl want to work for minimum wage forever.
Earlier today Andy Puzdy announced the new logo for the US Department of Labor
it's as if Trump is attempting to staff his cabinet with himself....
only way for poor Trump voters and poor Republicans to understand the truth is for them to experience it, then explained to them
along with every other appt. we're gettin slapped silly
every appointment has been slap in the face of those who work hard/play by rules. EPA. Ed.The #GreatUndoing of #progress begins.
@cotedetexas how can we stop him
It must be really hard to constantly be peddling fear...
#notafraid  #fearnot
@realDonaldTrump so is the fact that your worth over $15 million.  You could afford to go without pay like Trump.  What say you?
@RichardPeppas  Hopefully, we can stop the appointment.
@devbost 

pls adjust the msg

working is only not hard if 
your mommydaddy owns the plant

low wages especially is hardworking
so is hiring someone who opposes EPA as head of EPA.
what do U know about working folks U get paid to your mouth and collected a check from the gov. all or most of your working life
stop misleading my he American people.
we've been slapped in the face by this arrogant jackass so much we feel like rocky in 15 th round vs creed
no you and your climate change partners have been a slap in the face of American workers and families
much like the election overall, then...
so what do we do, seems like Trump is allowed to do whatever he wants with no regard to anyone
Thank you, Senator, for speaking the truth.
You should have supported Bernie in primary, he would have won.
going back to 1905
Do you actually believe that everyone is entitled to a job? I'm sure that these ppl will enjoy the freedom in Cuba.
Marxism is dead. Get over it.
Trump said El Chapo’s “tremendous success in the private sector” showed that he has what it takes to “shake things up” @ the DEA.
.You are out , out , out of power . Right now you are nothing but a big mouth senator of a socialist state .
you're tweeting is worthless like you
Yes it is & a majority did not ask for it! He is not the best and brightest!
slap. In. Face
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/hillary-clinton-right-to-be-president-george-bush-al-gore-donald-trump-law-professor-a7457046.html …
Equal protection under the constitution 14th amend,
1 man(women) 1 vote
it's disgusting
How #AndrewPuzder going to lead, when he is against raising the minimum wage?
It seems like he is putting together a cabinet with the intent of waging war on the American public. Definitely not there to help
you are really http://pathetic.You  still dont get it, we the people are tired of your wasteful spending. Your a jealous whinner
the real slap in the face to American people is illegals and refugees taking our jobs!! THANK GOD FOR TRUMP
then raise the retirement age to 74 and get those lazy retirees to pack lettuce in the fields since 70-75 yr old run for POTUS
you supported Bernie. A 75 y/o and want to protect Americans jobs. What about the growing number of retirees we have to support?

Amen! Almost as bad as the appointments for EPA and Education
- may I never have to eat at CKE again and will not.
The entire cabinet is a slap in the face.
'tis the sound of a totalitarian ideology. Everyone must think alike.  "...for every hard-working American family." Disgusting.
Can you speak on appointing @SenatorHeitkamp to Dept of Interior and how it affects Tribes in the US?
along with that slap in the face you gave the water protectors by staying silent until it was convenient and made you look good.
Maybe you should read: Job Creation: How It Really Works and Why Government Doesn't Understand It. Maybe you can learn something.
BREAKING:New Trump Ag Sec rules all henhouses in USA must be managed by foxes.
The Park Service is denying access to the public mall for the January 21 Women's March. Can you help us get access? Thanks.
I believe your pretense of being of American Indian descent is a slap in faces of all Native Americans! You are a proven Liar.
he fooled a lot of people didn't he
Please keep up your pressure on the Trump appointments , you speak for all of Mass !!! Thank You
Do not confirm
that's all they've done is slap us in the face, & unfortunately you dems. held us in place so they could
U taking the job of a minority is a slap in the face to every hard working minority that gets overlooked by privileged whites.
ya kinda like the way you championed for the working class with your endorsement of Hillary Clinton.
thank you
we have been getting kicked in the face lately! What can we do?! Our country is in serious distress! #NotMyPresident
I've noticed there have been a lot of slaps in the face lately.
well trump voters you are about to see what he'll is like! Trump is only looking after trump!
@realDonaldTrump But Trumps America is going to be so "Great" he already said so, why are we still worried?
For all Americans @realDonaldTrump is a bigger slap in the face...especially a slap from those tiny hands.
Give it up Elizabeth, you ever get tired or running your big mouth?
we need you more than ever too be our voices in congress.
as is appointing an enemy of climate change to the EPA!!!!What manner of madness is this?
We have a lot of work to do. Tell us how we can help you. #lovearmy #iamstillwithher #pantsuitnation
Live with it you prejudice b - - - - !!!!  Trump won, We The People do not want u Lis around!!--go away!
Where have you been since the Landslide win from Donald Trump?
Just Zip it. You sorry mfers didn't have a problem with Obama now everything is suddenly a problem. Time to get this country rite
Careful, you're pouting again.
