yes, colleges are having to function on less and less of that taxpayer money. Take a look at their budget sometime.
colleges are blowing up their budget for football other sports while ripping off students. That's the problem
not entirely
sorry no that's not the whole problem but in large part it is. Alumni seem to matter more than students
alumni donate more money than students pay, students want better facilities/resources, public funding wains
well of course you're right don't know what I was thinking. Have a great evening
you don't have to be rude
REAGAN BROKE SYSTEM WHEH HE DECIDED TAX CUTS 4 RICH IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN OUR ECONOMY. Roads JOBS Bridges education no matter
It has nothing to do with college sports! Stay on the subject..
as I said what was I thinking have a great evening
@Courtilini14 Colleges also take Soros money to indoctrinate them in socialism & become future Liberals.  Debate is discouraged.
hmmm
Universities once explored ideas & debated to seek solutions. And now discourage dissenting opinion 4 uniformity.
yep seems like freedom of speech has yielded to other concerns
,Next Ralley,31 GOP Governors are in Charge,Senate & Congress are in charged,They refuse to allowed Healthcare,Infrastructure Jobs
Education is broken, ma'am. Post secondary institutions offer developmental English and math to catch kids up from high school.
Utterly broken. A generation broken by debt, hopelessness, cynicism... The consequences are not only financial, but existential.
very well put
I see so many young people saying "I don't need to go to college.  I'll just monitor MIT/other Univ. online courses.  New trend?
.@SenWarren Is there ANY SYSTEM LEFT in the US that ISN'T broken? It's malignant: the final stages of Capitalism. 
40k in the hole to Kaplan for a useless degree w no placement for hubby. Slapped down for trying to get ahead. #AmericanNightmare
What's the American Indian word for "broken" ?? Maybe we should be checking for fraudulent scholarship and loan applications ?
trying to pay my student loan debt, with 3 jobs, is making me broken:( it's so f'n hard.
You are a great person.
students have no voice. We are just vessels for businesses to gain access to federal funds through.The govt knows this &allows it
yes it is. I and many others are victims of the Art Institute. We are still victims as the school is still open&loans ongoing
The worldwide business community should do more for our people to ensure prosperity here and abroad.
You are broken!  Time to investigate pocahontas!
no taxpayer money should used. Read the Constitution. Demorats are theives.
a standard of accreditation must be that they are not like Wall Street with insane salaries for the layers of VPs #tuitionreform
I so can't wait till you run for #President
when corporations run your country and cops can kill because they feel like it, maybe it's the Senate that should be investigated
explain why illegal aliens, breaking the law, get scholarships which deny our citizens access to college?
Agreed. What's the solution?  $50k+ per year seems a bit costly for a state U. Stealing from taxpayers doesn't reduce the cost.
Agreed. Strange how those of us qualified and knowledgeable enough to fix the system are sitting at home looking for work.
the system has been broken for A Very Long Time
i thought the goal was to prepare students not TAKE taxpayer money...do you really think that?
college is just a giant money making scam, kids come out with degrees they cant use and lifetime debt
We know. Stop giving colleges our money.
I've been through many High School accreditions(WASC). They were extremely stressful .How do they slide?
I work for a college, that employs invested Instructors, who work their hearts out to train students. Please...Help save this.
Exactly, ask Trump!
very
Show me a federal system that isn't broken? Hillary won't fix the issues. You would! Run!
as a collection professor I can tell you it's broken on many levels.
you should know , you benefit from big salaries at cost to students .
scholarships,are a fraud, jack up price& then give back in form of a grant or scholarship...all to fund dead bead profs& Admin
Not for long, with leaders like you & @SenSanders fighting along side The People to fix it!! #WeCanTakeItBack #NoWeWillNotYield
So what are you doing about it?!
especially when some teachers make over $400,000/yr and only teach one class!
You ain't kidding.....  I heard there was this one college that paid a fake Indian $450K per year to teach one class......
Lizzy sounds like u just jumped into the basket Some part of Government broken OMG
do what you did everybody can say they are NATIVE AMERICAN 4 free ride
US is broken, tax payers must pay But we're last in line 2receive services,legal representation,job security,only top 1%
It is broken for a reason, Senator. Privatization is a major reason.
Are these students going to be protected from financial damage?
.@SenWarren *while colleges take their money. FIFY
if this election year has shown us, we need to get our kids a great education and access to secondary education
Non tenure tracked APs & exploited TAs doing all the course work while schools collect obscene tuitions from desperate students
you meant to say a good indoctrination,education is secondary as very few that do graduate go on to work in chosen field of study
Absolutely
And your friend and mentor crooked Hillary and her scumbag husband profited to the tune of $18 million from these "colleges"
Many over night colleges, & technical schools took the financial aid money, then closed, leaving worthless degrees behind!
TAP/PELL, & other grants were college level voucher/charter school programs meant to make up for charging tuition at free college
hey poco remember you lied on your application and took away a job from a real minority
I admire your ability to hold powerful people accountable.
I hear that there are folks teaching a single class pulling down a top 1% salary, We need to end that broken system, right?
private accreditation system is probably similar to some of Congress; I imagine a lot of quid pro quo goes on.
Hate to say it but I agree. However, the answer is not free schooling. That just leads to taxpayer money going to universities
Appreciate all of your effort & hard work on trying to help fix our broken college accreditation system. Thank you, Sen. Warren.
We need to first focus on making sure primary and secondary school adequately prepare kids for college so college can do this.
How often do you think, "I should have run for President"? #nexttimeplease
aren't you one of the leaders we elected to protect us from this?
What did you do about that when you were in academia for 25 years?
stop govt subsidies
she taught bankruptcy law... Facts aren't important to some though
yeah... America hate, that's obviously why he became the president and made the country a better place right?
you're joking right? Please tell me you're joking
You're right about that comment. I've recently left employment @SUAGM after witnessing less than scrupulous tactics in practice.
Yes, States are in a race to the bottom to cut taxes. Public universities suffer. Currently we have public subsidies with no /1
effective public option. We need a true public option to keep prices down, like  networks of Federal cyber and brick universities
Yes. But I'm not sure which part of the broken system you are referring to.
so is 30/60/90/120 day net pay for freelancers. nothing like waiting months for checks from clients who stretch out paying.
Are you saying union teachers that support Hillary for President did a poor job. Free college so after 16 years can read 5 grade
this may be the only thing I have ever agreed with you on. Cut all tax dollars from the bottom ~75% of colleges/universities.
Or better yet, get all tax money out of education altogether!
Of course it is, you got people pretending to b Indian so they can milk every last penny from the college. @senwarren
It got Nuked by policy to benefit the 1%
we need #loanForgivenessNow #DebtFreeEducationNow #DebtFreeEducationNow #LoanForgivenssNow
Fauxcahontas at Harvard lol @SenWarren
