if you try to impeach trump who ever is running against i will campaign 4 them
you've got to be making a joke, right?
Instead of trying to destroy America like Obama, get behind Trump and work to make our country the best.

that's amazing..I grew up in Dem household..it's not same party, been radicalized by fringe groups.
Will @SenateDems be the party of @SenWarren or @Sen_JoeManchin?  They can't be both.  Choose wisely.
they chose, and they chose poorly
@gabino_58 @SenateDems wow...thx for doing this, having our backs and fighting for everyday americans
@reitwoman @SenateDems lol Senator Nutjob, go away you dishonest hack
I, an independent, was hurt by Obamacare and lost my doctor and insurance I liked. Now I pay 3x more and subpar doc
what happened Fauxcahontos? This guy turned down a loan on you? You got it bad for him. Looks suspicious.
no, but many of my ancestors were scalped by white women claiming to be Indians.
FYI... I AM VISUALLY WHITE, VERY WHITE AND HAVE BLONDE HAIR & BLUE EYES & MY GRANDPA WAS 1/4 NATIVE AMERICAN.


no, but America democracy was toppled by Putin and we r afraid!
god Snowflake your a sad sad right now huh
.@SenWarren .@SenateDems .@SenJeffMerkley You know I share many of your values. Here you might consider Indymac & #FDIC realities in 2008
u promote half truths and solicit deception Senators....be better than that.
Huh?
dems gearing up to smear Mnuchin.
Dems gearing up to let Mnuchins words/actions do the trick. #SmearsHimself
This thread struck a nerve with the deplorables, lol.
Dont engage in social media fighting issues related to Trump. Please stop fighting ignorance, mobilize, organize.
No, but I have been hurt by Obama, interested to know how?
No, but thanks for asking!   YAY, let's GO!!! Let the pre-confirmations begin!
please keep the fight up!!! Thank you and we love you
lmao!!!!
@POTUS @MMFlint @realDonaldTrump & Putin just coup d'etat The American government and nobody is caring!
get real, quit getting your news from fake sites like MSNBC and CNN
Elizabeth Warren for President!
lmao! Your joking right?
Her Personal Fin. Disc. form from 2012 puts her net worth at $14.5Mil Preach! Keep up that class warfare!
Lizzy, Lizzy, Lizzy. How many properties did you flip at outrageous profits using bank mortgages? Asking for a friend
.@SenWarren @SenateDems I was hurt by Obamacare. Can you guys do something about that? Somebody said I could keep my existing plan but.....
Yes, he stole my cookie in the lunchroom in 4th grade.  Your tweet is emblematic if why I voted for Trump.
Still suck
You sound no better than an ambulance chaser.
plenty was hurt by Freddie/Fannie when Barney was still in DC....Sen Dems did nothing but blame it on Wallstreet
PLEASE SPEEK UP NOW!
my dog has high cheekbones does that make him a Doberman pincher???
What a witch
keep up the heat on Trump. Warren for President in 2020!
What happen to the recount? you know the total waste of "snowflake" money? On to something new now?
recounts found more trump votes, revealed dem cheating so they quit it quietly lol
You mean were my feeling hurt? yes they are ! lol
delete your account.
Crazy "Ho"rse
if she runs in 2020 for president would she be Commander "AND" Chief?PocaHotus instead of potus? Native American WTFE
Lieawatha Warren, ambulance chaser:( very ugly person. Impeach lieawatha Warren.
#ForeclosureKing Steve Mnuchin is a danger to the majority of Americans... http://www.arklawgroup.com/blog/treasury-secretary-appointee-steven-mnuchin-will-he-protect-borrowers-from-the-big-banks … #DumpTrump
Warren YOU are what's wrong with America I demand you step down from your seat.
link is frozen. Unable to scroll.
lost my home because my paperwork was "lost" twice by the mortgage company. I think it was PNB who foreclosed on me.
Senator Warren you are part of the problem and part of that swamp that needs drained.
Nope, but I was hurt by failed, leftist policies pushed on us by people like you.
guess your rhetorical statements do not matter.  Snowflakes melting across America today. Toughen up get a skin....

I think you got dumped by many boyfriends and that's why you are a complete sexist. Good luck with that Pocahontas.
Ms. warren. What is the next step for the Clinton supporters?  Help us help you. We need guidance
I was selling real estate in Georgia, we tried to steer our clients away from his bank.
the #USA is becoming a big joke around the world.

@Trump makes Nixon look like Mother Teresa
For small donation of $1 million you can go on a multi-day hunting trip with Trump's sons. Proceeds go to "charity" http://thkpr.gs/5f09888cfb6c  
Senator Warren please consider doing regular press conferences, since Donald Trump wont
yes!!! we were &we are seriously concerned about the direction of country! we are glad you are here! ListenWithin!
advocating your position is one thing...but destroying democracy is another.  USA=the ability to have different views

@eighth888 @SenWarren @SenateDems Wow....
Shouldn't you be publicly smearing your biggest supporters like you did the other day?

AWW Were you or someone you know hurt by Hillary Clinton, Elizabeth Warren, or Barak Obama?Tell the @RepublicanSenate
Don't you have a job to do? Get over it!! All you are doing is looking for your own agenda!! BOOO-HOOOO
you should team up with @GloriaAllred , You have so much in "Common"
What about Countrywide Bank or Bank of America?? Or does attacking those banks not fit your agenda Sen Warren
You are NOT helpful.  you know that, right?
wellsfargo uses the mathod of putting smaller withdawls front to charge over drawing for Account notover drawn
I'm being hurt every day by whining Democrat losers trying to delegitimize my Pres. Elect TRUMP2020
I was hurt by Steve Mnuchin; I saw Suicide Squad.

Hey Liz,I hear Hillary wants no part of you,afer all the Lying,Badmouthing Trump, Campaigning for her.She still loss.
In America, it would be "She still lost"...except she still got 2.9 million more votes
Woo woo woo woo
as a senator, presidential candidate YOU CANT be effective so you try to influence negativity in your followers!
as
. Hi,  why not reducing student loans to principle & split it 4 ways, fed,bank,state, & student & let state law apply.
You look like a fool....Pocahontas
I'm sure the American Indian people felt degraded a puke like you would claim their bloodline
You are really a on a witch hunt. This should be grounds for recall.
As u say, he moved in "after" the crash.  U need to focus instead on those who actually caused the crash!!
@POTUS @MMFlint @realDonaldTrump & Putin just toppled the American government, what r we going to do? Lock him UP!
@realDonaldTrump  puppet of Putin, the sexual molester, doesn't even hide Putin is now POTUS!
What's the matter, you guys panicking cause you have no dirt on Trump's picks? Just make some up like you usually do
they always digging it up!
Crisis was caused by Clinton and Bush--all  should own a house. But you need to be able to afford a house.
We will ALL be hurt by Mnuchin now because YOU didn't support @BernieSanders. Yep! We blame YOU for Mnuchin.
Are you going to help the #NoDAPL water protectors charged with felonies for peaceful assembly? Dont wait on this 1!
.. Many families lost their homes because of this man. Have them testify.
These are the same Wall Street people that the DNC received money from.  You need to leave the DNC?
No, but I was hurt by forced taxation #TaxationIsTheft
You were in the Senate
we are hurt by your constant irrational ravings about your made up fantasies.
i am hurt by you so is there anyway we can get you out of senate
My family was hurt by Countrywide predatory loan and Bank of America~ go after this bank too !
We were all hurt by Clinton's Community Reinvestment Act and the following subprime lending.
saldırıyı ilk kınayan sizsiniz,? O zaman teröristlerden desteğinizi çekin PYD -pkk sizin desteğinizle ayakta
How Many People Have Been Hurt By Dems /Hillary/Obama Meddling In Other Countries For Profit? https://themuslimissue.wordpress.com/2016/12/16/greece-muslim-viciously-beats-toddler-in-the-shower-at-migrant-camp-because-he-did-not-like-baths/ …
looking for anything. Really shows how desperate u pieces of shit are. Hhahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
We need his business skills in government, the economy has been stuck in mud for 8 years!!
how many were hurt by hrc
Senators - We will be VERY proud of President Trump. GOP for 24 years, at least. Git on board. Thank you! Love.
We were hurt by your lie, non native American, give the money you stole back plus interest. You got there by a lie
Sad nasty lady. You lost so quit feeling you need to correct the world's problems. Work on your own
@take1theirsmall @SenateDems no but this guy makes me sick
Please do not let evil DavidFriedman be Ambassador to Israel&don't let embassy go to Jerusalem. It'll antisemitism.
oh look Feauxcahontass is on the "war path".
wtf cares we're handing our govt over to the russian mob
so we can't stop a russian puppet?wth are u elected for?
NO!
pls solve all my problems. I need u in my life. U complete me
Your Tepee is waiting for you. As Obama told John McCain You lost We WON. Shut up go find your broom & fly it

I'm hurt by you and your democrat friends every time I look at my paycheck and an especially so on 4/15.
Stiring that pot

Now she's salty!
pocahontas Elizabeth Warren is as white as marshmallow.  She pretended to be native Americans. To get the benefits.
you looking for fake stories just as you always run on scare tactics of could, might & maybe never factually based
How about Bank of America??
, can you also tell people who to contact on the R side of the aisle, so that people can remind them to put homeowner/voters 1st?
Were you or someone you know hurt by Steve Mnuchin, OneWest Bank or Financial Freedom? Tell the @SenateDems: https://democrats.senate.gov/ForeclosureKing 
- I have been micro aggressors by all bankers since 2007!
How is your Friday going DIVIDING THE NATION? Enjoying that? #devil
This reads exactly like an ad from MA ambulance chasing lawyer James Sokolove. Been hearing these words for years...
shut up
I hope these people WILL come forward. We need their stories NOW.
THANKS FOR ALL YOU DO TO HELP US!!!
I've been hurt. Deeply. Desperately. Help me. Help me.
Just ask a veteran of service member overseas...banks love to target this group.
No. Pretty much all @Chase, #JamieDimon's mortgage branch, Louisiana AG, and #IndependentForeclosureReview
Actually, the people have been hurt by the current Congress & the BHO  Administration. Who can I report THAT to?
You're about to be exposed as a lying cheating Senator. We have ur records & others for taking bailout money fr banks that WE taxpayers paid
.

THIS WOMAN, WARREN & CLINTON SANK THE DOOMED SHIP...

.
.

WAKE-UP FOLKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.
when you have facts go fishing......
u sold them for profit as u should have.
u personally profited from foreclosed property. Did u fix them give back 2 owners of course not.
Mnuchin's a crook.. Paperwork was forged by Chase 14 times to collect millions from my friend.
Keep leading the way Pocahontas.Yet again, U appear to be the one who knows the direction #Resist #Unitedagainsthate
Yes! He donated 1,000s of dollars to H Clinton & Obama and helped turn my New Deal party into a neoliberal mess!
Your pal Barney Frank demanding mortgages for unqualified minorities caused the real estate crash, you #Moonbat.
حريةماليةلدولة مصروبشواتهم ويجمعولناحرافيشهم بعدسرقت اخواتي يهددوهم بلقتل بعدسرقتهم ويغتصبوهم$عندي! لقوانين بلطجةونصب
yet hes only worth 44 million seems he was no good at that either  so what are his credentials seems odd  his wealth
are you confirming a candidate or casting a daytime talk show?  They have done some gross things, but so is this.
Or maybe you were hurt but not making your mortgage payments
.@SenWarren @SenateDems IF YOU WERE SOMEONE HURY BY WARREN FORECLOSING YOUR HOME TWEET WHAT A HYPOCRITE SHE IS!!!
Pocahontas, you make me so proud of our American senate.
a message from POCOHANTAS the Foreclosure Queen! Making $$ off unfortunate constituents in tough times!!
Pocahontas, you're just the best collecting dirt on people!
just an angry, shrill shill who talks tough like a reformer but backed banking puppet @HillaryClinton #phonysellout
FREAK
what r yu trying to do. This stuff is crazy. And you r a real senator. Yu get all these wacky people stirred up.
See you deleted alot of your comments made about Trump about excepting election results! Y?
I know many someones! Not On OUR watch! Fix this shit NOW! How can we help! 
Your days are numbered Pocahontas. You're now falling out of favor with @TheDemocrats, time for you to be put to pasture. #retire
I was hurt by Wells Fargo Bank. Do you care about that?
one of us hurt we are all hurt
@CASenateDems the #mortgage industry is only now bouncing back and this man could bring it back to the brink.
