Plus, it seems we're about to reneg on promise to take in Iraqi & Afghani translators who risked their lives 4 us
Why don't we put partisan politics apart a day work for the country, these people are taking us for granted
Translation-this $#it again
@TheDemocrats all need to show leadership like Senator Warren & the colleagues like her who put The People 1st..
Playing the woman card, race card and supporting your miserable Obamacare. Is that all ya got Warren??????
Why does the GOP put partisan politics above the health of Americans?
I thought you said they were obstructionists? So you weren't on recess along with Repubs ? You are a liar
You have got it all backwards. 

The ball is in the Democrat's court and they are shirking their responsibilities.
why did you put your partisan interests ahead of funding bill then ? Just like you bought foreclosures
on s-span Paul Ryan stated there was nothing about thisHE'S SUCH A FRAUD
Will somebody address the North Dakota pipeline tragedy?
and reminds me of the last 2 years Bush was in office. Dem's sat on their thumbs & blocked everything
It's crappy way to run the country, reminds me of when Dem's had control and ram'd through ObamaCare
#Obamacare is a dud!
obamacare hurts obamacare. That's why all major healthcare companies are getting out of it.
US House debate in May about Vector Control for the Zika+ outbreak. See video: http://www.c-span.org 
Top Three Priorities for the Zika+ Pandemic Now for all Nations: 

1- Mosquito Control 

2- Diagnostics 

3- Public Education
Obamacare has destroyed the middle class. Someone has to pay for all the free shit
The Democrats should stop obstructing the H.R. 2577, MilCon/VA/Zika Bill.

It should pass as it is ! 

Time is of the essence...
What part of, "GOP...hurts women, vets, Obamacare @PPFA & clean water," do you not comprehend? "
Zika aws another completely overblown non-event that you tried to get billions to line your pockets.
@puppymnkey @GOP @SenateGOP @PPFA  So What Else Is New ?. Same Ol Sh**.
Could we just deal with 1 issue at a time. We need to change the way bill are cobbled together.
if it isn't a grant or a tax break for BIG insurance, oil, Wall St, pharma, gun lobby,etc. It won't fly
Vote them all out of office! How dare they put our future children at risk!

GOP say no to BigGov at tax$ time--but social/relig issue arises? Time to play God
US Majority Whip Steve Scalise:

"New bill will hit back against EPA regulations that make it harder to spray for mosquitoes".
and babies
What did you expect? Republicans pandering to the 1950s element of their party is standard.
We ought to flush you into the Back Bay.
Go after Donald Trump
I live in SW Florida. ZIKA is real. Stop playing games. We want a clean bill immediately.
Someone has to defend the confederate flag. #GOPPriorities
that's what happens when you back a corporatist...ps obummercare sux how about making it a right................................
@nicolemerchut @GOP @SenateGOP @PPFA They are evil gits. Soulless
@kittyFitz50 @GOP @SenateGOP @PPFA Perhaps it!s time to consider citizen on-line voting for issues.
hey, it's all about horse trading. @GOP is gonna kill some ppl somehow. You expect useful govt for nothing?
vote blue
Dont knock the Repubs. They worked very hard those 7-wks to come up with this doozy of a bill!
was Zika around when u were born Ur pointed head could be result of a bite would explain ur deranged talk n missed guided ideas
@butchcjg @GOP @SenateGOP @PPFA umm you are your democrat senators didn't pass the bill ?  Ugh
Would GOP pass the zika bill if shoe was on other foot & it legalized gay marriage? No.
don't think that congress could vote to allow the gays to marry
If there was another 9/11 definitely wouldn't want Hillary for President or Obama in office
Run Elizabeth run
They should please go back on #Recess & safe taxpayers the headache #Incompetence @GOP Congress #Pitiful
time to change at election time, get those out that don't want to make a change
a billion? Really?  Really?? How much is graft and theft? Zika is bad . You Sen. W are far more dangerous
@Karen84313671 @elizabethforma @GOP billion? Really?  Really?? How much is graft and theft? Zika is bad .You Sen. W are far more dangerous
Get off ObamaCare. That is a dead horse! Only forced us to pay Insurances in a bad deal for ZERO Med!
Funny that your not blaming the Democrats for voting against Zika funding. Hypocrite
@SenateMajLdr  BRING A CLEAN BILL TO THE FLOOR FOR A VOTE! Christian principles should allow nothing less.
Why did DEMs block military funding? Obamacare is destroying medical treatment
If you start running for Prez today You will win.
so sick of Repugs. No Zika, No Supreme Court vote. Now Another threat to shut down govt. Dysfunction crap
.@SenWarren @GOP @SenateGOP @PPFA Liz, try to be Honest, both parties added  to bill to cause its failure, Congress please start working
Government has zero role in any of those things u mentioned. Stand firm GOP for once.
Warren, can you ever stop lying? I forgot, you're a democrat and just can't help yourself.
the bill that democrats denied?
I'm clueless as to why and how Americans find that acceptable.
The hell w Zika and having a NINTH justice

Get rid of all GOP, put them in the dust bin of history #VoteDem
I thought it was Zika that hurts woman
don't give an inch if the GOP can't give you guys a clean bill. Don't let them take from women anymore.
funny, everything you list has nothing to do with Zika
thank Ryan and the Republican's running congress and the house


Allows Confederate Flags
Nice to see your back from your latest buffalo hunt, Senator.
walks with high cheek bones pipes up again.
And your surprised????
Sen Warren we need you to help Hillary. Tell the truth towards Trump.
.@SenWarren @GOP Jesus Senator, stop picking on others and do something for the residents of Mass who you were elected to serve! @massgop
COME ON GOP! Get to work, work it out, produce change, make something happen, stop wasting my time & taxes
Check the facts Pocahontas, Dems have block funding so they can add on. The playbook is getting to old.
and probably honey bees!
#RepublicansForZIKA - because #RepublicansSuck. Just like mosquitoes only uglier.
What about the massive exposed political corruption that hurts ALL of US !? you support it !
.@SenWarren @GOP @SenateGOP .@PPFA You'd rather preserve aborting babies than spend $$ on birth defect prevention.  Got it, sister!
Obama care is killing itself. need to have Healthcare like other modern nations.
..you are such a fighter for the people....love ya God Bless @SenateGOP @PPFA
yeah yeah yeah republicans it's ALWAYS liberals: Trump spews hate it's the LIBERALS fault etc... SSDD.
It is bec u play the same game with funding bills. Threaten 2 take ball n go home. Just go!
how about a bill to stop taxing SSI benefits and help us seniors...it will grow the economy
why can't you all just pass a bill with one item in it?
The do nothing GOP.
#DitchMitch
#WarOnWomen
#PinkOutTheVote
what about Supreme Court Judge ... So lazy 
they had their chance to make a difference for all of us!  ACA obstruction for the last 7.5 years!  Really?
vote Democrat for the health and welfare of this country
Hillary! Corrupt, untrustworthy, liar, no credence with hds of states. Lied about server, fndation, Bghazi
As a REAL NATIVE AMERICAN, go play Indian at your university. No one with a brain gives a damn about anything you speak /tweet.
another day for you to try to screw America!
no need your parties been doing that for years.
Don't let them get away with it. Remind them The People are sick of the GOP. They will be voted out
What a disgrace! People's lives being destroyed because they won't pass a clean bill! Shame on you!
Time to CLEAN HOUSE PEOPLE!!!
"Same as it ever was"
What a bunch of BULLCRAP. Can't you Democrats ever tell the TRUTH.
Way to go Republicans? How many babies lives do you think you ruined with that one?
can't any of you get anything done without screaming politics! Good God People are suffering from Zika
Can't they get anything done?
thanks GOP we just got a few more #Zika cases here in Florida
Touche Senator.
What does the bill do exactly?
nothing has changed.
That's the problem CONGRESS! It's not who's in the Oval with this bunch of chumps.
