
aren't you just precious
aww snowflake. Did Senator Warren hurt your feelings
because you totally sound like someone who doesn't get hurt feelings. No sir. Not at all.
hahaha...I see Mr. Elton John wannabe can only try to use "hurt feelings" as his boring attacks..get new material 
I lost a home that well Fargo took when my husband passed away!  Well Fargo has no mercy and would not work with me
- Don't let them.Is why Main Str is so upset!WF was saved while Main Str lost everything their families worked for
Dodd-frank does not hurt the big banks as it hurts the smaller regional ones most!!
if you hate banks so much why don't you start promoting #Bitcoin or are you just Virtue signalling?
you mean why does someone in favor of bank regulations not want a totally unregulated currency? #completemystery
#Bitcoin by its very design and attributes prevents fraud and protects its users from third parties and counterparty risk
well be that as it may. The most common thing you hear with Bitcoin is service providers being 'hacked' & coins stolen
#WellsFargo is the standard for illegal, unethical and deceptive business practices! They've been let off too easy!
Wells Fargo is despicable
Keep fighting, Senator Warren.  We are with you.
Senator Warren is a vulture who preys on the stupid for politics.
u have now stealing a scholarship from the Cherokee #fraud
they just did a fraudulent foreclosure on my sister since 2008 and are getting away with it
I have debit card dispute at wf. 4 months & they keep stalling saying need more time. #wellsfargo #badbank
we should stop banking with them or get mortgages with other bank
Well it's time for me to move my $ out of Wells Fargo.  I'm going to put it in a credit union.
Shame? 6 mos & you wait til the day before 4k vets get to #NoDAPL before you speak? You could've prevented 11/20/16. No justice?
@MAHAMOSA @WellsFargo the DNC has no shame in conspiring again @SenSanders campaign & your another dem that doesn't care abt it.
and they continue mailing applications to credit cards!
and fund unwanted pipelines.  #NoDAPL
The fake concept of Trickle Down begins.
They want to gut Dodd Frank because Dodd Frank has gut the economy.  R u happy with 1% growth?  I'm not.
Keep fighting for us, Sen. Warren. Leader of the Opposition 
since the United States of America is powerless against Trump and his Wall Street cabinet you
and tell us how to protect our investments
#warren2020
No shame..... Kinda like you being silent on Standing Rock.
Dodd Frank should have been gutted long ago. You simply don't understand how capitalism works. FYI, you'll never be president.
SHUT UP AND RETIRE
- keep the pressure on Elizabeth 
@marcorubio @SpeakerRyan How do we stand up to our Rep Senator? Mr Rubio do you just vote the party 'Trump' line?
Agree. What is the Dems plan to stop this?
no more  about the banks unless the threat of usa concerns is addressed  and thats the threat to our civil rights
we are being  attacked by a sinister  evil  and its not the banks. Its propaganda, hateful  trump
stop plz with big banks when we have russia interfering  with elections  and nonone is doing anything  about it
and Daddy Warbucks will do all he can to help them out
Well, when the Dems have no balls and even when they are in power do nothing to fix how the GOP controls elections!
Dodd-Frank needs to go fast, you chocked the live out of community banks, but we know Poco only cares about herself
please stop thrm
back in 2002 WF had call centers for refi's run by untrained staff-the staff got $4 for every mortgage sold-bad idea
If Bernie had had your support & won,  you would be able to  better the lives of the many, not just enrich the few
These evil  banks & corporations will not stop until they own EVERYTHING. They must be destroyed for the good of all.
Glass-Steagal!
What happened to Glass/Stegal Act? Need All To Pay Tax. PERIOD!
If you don't like the banks and their ways put your money in a credit union. QUIT TELLING PEOPLE WHAT TO DO ALL TIME.
I will -- not will sister protesters-- ever do business with charlatans again! Economic boycott!
dont do busness with them this dirty white boy dunt
DON'T FORGET TO GIVE
ANYTHING YOU CONTRIBUTE WILL MAKE THEM DOUBLE-IMBECILES TO THE MAX.
.
and so does the "T Rump"
Maybe they have no FEAR because our bipartisan government has sold us out.
@StillLes4Hill @WellsFargo and you can tap Elaine Chao on that one
stop the terror..Wells Fargo should shut down, reorganize then start over with true vision statement and fresh people
Despite claims to "make this right" WF is dragging defrauded customers into friendly arbitration instead of court.
as a small biz owner the paperwork and requirements of Dodd Frank when banking are so unnecessary. Don't forget about us.
SAD but it appears we the people aren't worth anything. Only Big banks Big Pharm Big Corps all to big to fail with our taxes
Stop your whining.
Pocahontas thanks for nothing regarding DAPL.  Of course, not like you are really indian of course.
You are a fraud! You had the chance to support an opposition candidate, but you chose the "Big Bank" candidate !
reasonable regulations are fine.  But Dodd Frank goes way too far!
do u have any? fedgov housing, rate policy inflated housing bubble, devastated whole country. Not banker pay, silly.
unfortunately, the @gop thrives by serving up consumers like fodder to predatory companies like Wells Fargo.
… this creates an incentive for the @gop to eliminate or disable laws and orgs that protect consumers. 2/
@BernieSanders progressives did it to yourselves bec. HRC wasn't likeable enough so throw out DEM plank w/bath water!
NO SHAME? That's the LEAST of their problems! They have no conscience & will NOT b happy UNTIL more lose their homes!
Corps. expected to be self-interested, but not our elected representatives. They must act selflessly. Watch our backs or resign.
and where have you been while they finance DAPL?
is Dodd-Frank good for community banks? Advise.
Glass Steagall Act? Trump said he's b 4 it. hold him 2 his word divid GOP at same time?
THIS IS WAR.  PUT YOUR UNIFORM ON EW BECAUSE FIGHTING FOR COMPETENT DECISION MAKING IS GOING TO BE VERY, VERY TOUGH.
I remember when banks paid 6% interest on savings! Banks like @WellsFargo now charge for  everything and pay .001%
If Americans take their money OUT of predatory banks like @WellsFargo they will quietly go out of business.
y, @SenWarren @WellsFargo @realDonaldTrump BUT glss-Stgll @howtodoit1 was partof REP&DEM pltfrm. R we going to c a BILL or poltics as usual?
why would anybody want to be their customer after what they did?
Break them up! and put the Suits on the dole.
why would they gut Dodd-Frank? It's driven all the local community banks out of business?  Less competition
At my bank last week and behind guy in line who was closing his Wells Fargo accts. to open new ones there. The hurt.
Dodd-Frank is a jobs killer.
Then why did you endorse them during the primaries?
Closing my accounts by the end of the year. Moving to @usbank
How about Universities that charge students high fees that soar above the rate of inflation to pay for hacks like you?
They are also the biggest financier of the #DAPL. It's time to boycott them! #NoDAPL #WereStillHere #WaterIsLife
Corp Thugs never put the $ back & never go to jail.
Madoff got away w/it for yrs. Sec knew it. Thx for trying XO Dish
big banks are not so evil heavily regulated as is
why have you remained quiet about #NoDAPL u r supposed to have Native American blood right? And a supposed progressive
the #business world needs to understand that #compliance is a vital part of #businessintelligence for qc.
CHUTZPAH!  I so agree, Senator Warren. Thanks !
#dbags
stop a repeat of the Bush real estate mortgage collapse..Remember DT says he loved it, made money, set to repeat???
why did congress allow these monopolies to act against the interest of the people without taking action against this
I HOPE YOU RUN IN 2020 I THINK NOT ONLY WILL U WIN BUT YOU WILL BE OUR ONLY HOPE IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. #warren2020 ALL THE WAY
AND LET ME GUESS YOUR A TRUMP SUPPORTER?
Same goes for @realDonaldTrump and @SpeakerRyan. Trumpsters will be so sorry when they realize they were fooled.
question is will Democratic Senators will grow a spine and stop it from being gutted?
Trump will MAGA by removing regulations! First one to go...no more stop lights or school zone speed limits. They suck
Wanting to divest in the company. It's a daunting process, but enough is enough!
Then stop taking contributions from them. Also, you're not a fucking Indian.
Your attack of their CEO was fantastic. Keep fighting for us out there!
you can tell how honest a company is by how hard they fight for deregulation they don't want to be watched
