To all the haters:Warren is not a career politician-she is a true public servant looking out for fellow citizens' best interests
you mean like that piece of shit UNAFFORDABLE obamacare shoved down our throats?
friend, from the way you talk, you prove you don't have an informed opinion. Maybe quit watching faux news. @AnnieAnderson4
I'm a deplorable with common sense
This is not abt party, these protections r in place for the benefit of all citizens. That includes u.
yes agreed. This is not a reality TV show, or a sporting event. We all need to work to rein in this admin.
you mean from creating jobs, Bring jobs back to US, securing our borders, killing ISIS, reducing debt?
friend, you're a special kind of deluded if you think Trump will do these things. He won't do any of it. @AnnieAnderson4
does anybody other than @HillaryClinton take you seriously? I'd be shocked to find one
Be shocked my friend. I'm one and proud of it.
did I just see a pig fly?! What attracts you to this woman?
typical and telling I need to be "attracted" by a politician. Can't simply agree
your attempts at turning this into a sexist conversation just won't work bud, sorry
you clumsily used "attract".  HRC wrong 99%+ deplorable
still in your safe space or have you ventured out yet?
I go lots of places as a costal elite. life good on coast +$100k lol
WRONG! The restrictions are hurting smaller regional banks and killing small business!! TRUMP will help fixing!!
Smaller regional banks are run by small-minded people and deserve to fail, or sell out to better-run companies.
How WRONG your thinking is!  Small banks BUILT America! Your comments are immature!
So naive. Small banks that did well grew. Small banks today are poorly managed by dinosaurs and grossly inefficient. @SenWarren
Really think you people are the naive ones! You need to see what hard working America is really like!
And liking and retweeting your own tweets is extremely gay.
such an insulting post as calling someone gay deserves for you to be reported and banned from posting such trash!
I didn't call you gay. I said the act of anyone liking and retweeting their own tweets was gay.  BTW, is that you on the left?
repeal Dodd/Frank today. One of the Worst pieces of legislature ever written.
should have done more to elect HRC
Amen sister.
You had many years to do that under obummer, why wasnt it in your crosshairs then? Who did you go after in 08  Oh yeah...no one
Sen. Warren.  I am with you all the,way!
sounds like you're going on the warpath.
Pls put out a paper how to accomplish this. No one really knows how to protect it.
Lot of fronts to fight on, like a General for Homeland Security. Never happened before. Need CIVILIAN oversight of HS depts.
we did fight and got the fighter in WH. Buckle up. U had 8 yrs w/ nothing good to claim but racial divide-Benghazi-failed o/care
take a deep breathe Warren and relax.
How?
we are powerless.
you lost much  credibility on big bank issues because you were a HRC enabler when you should have been backing Bernie Sanders.
.@SenWarren AMAZING how much NAME-CALLING & IDENTITY POLITICS the DEMOCRATS are still practicing! POOR LOSERS getting out numbered
Get off your high horse! You are just pissed b/c Trump is going to be President! Work together & do what is best for our Country
u are sorely misguided but ull learn
You are just a sore loser but you will eventually learn the truth!
do you watch cnn or msnbc or fox? It isnt smart not to be informed
Actually Georgianne I am very well informed with a degree in Political Science? You?
well u got me there i got a degree in english & psyciatric nursing
Thank you for your leadership.  Please help keep us safe.
definitely don't want to go through that again!
with you
Didn't you make millions profiting off of foreclosures by buying them up for nothing from distressed families during recession?
Let's fight them, @SenWarren!
Democratic liberal coastal elites don't have a clue
Hi POCAHONTAS
Oh grow up already. It wasn't funny the first time.
@MAHAMOSA the left had a tried & true champion against corporate greed in @SenSanders , but you refused to help his campaign.
how?
Nothing you say matters since you turned your back on Standing Rock and Bernie Sanders.
How can we help fight this?
i support your work and the CFPB! The key is effective regulation, not less/more regulation; CFPB=right step in that direction!
@MAHAMOSA gosh. I really appreciate the pep-talk. Wanna mention HOW to fight back? 
you've got my support. Fight on!!
MORE FAKE NEWS from the Party of Actors and Comedians spreading violence and Hate. The party of good..... is Republican
Please fight hard @SenWarren . Never forget how they blocked Obama at every turn. Give Trump no quarter! DEMS who don't will be PRIMARIED!
how?
we are counting on you to lead the way in stopping them in order to protect the assets of regular Americans.
Do you have enough Republicans joining you?  With Republicans in control, how do we fight?
you should worry more about profs ripping off students with high tuition,something you actually understand, so pathetic
Whatever you need me to do, just say the word.
you can do more by moving all of all of your business to small banks or local credit unions. Use freedom of choice and move ur $
u don't need the big rules if u make the big banks small by freedom on choice. US = freedom of choice. Be that again
sorry Senator you are full of bolagna.
back to burying cash in the yard in shoeboxes like my Dad did. Sad.
No that is what you and HRC have done. You have no proof and you spread lies and rumors
HOW??? Explain. Details.
go girl!
what, they didn't pad themselves the past 8 years?  Bankers OWN the USA, its' pretty obvious the FED gets FED
your right. Whats the best way to fight back?
Let's hope so. The rules and regs have strangled us long enough thank you.
who do u think pays for the staff and billions in cost to understand and meet ridiculous refs??? Yup us little consumers
big banks poor through money and waste to meet current regs. Need staff of 000's of lawyers just to understand them
Trump will destroy this country! You lost Big this time! I didn't vote for him but, the weak kneed Dems failed to perform! Done!
You bet - fox in henhouse not near clear enough - try license to steal or birdnest on the ground - DT will steal the good china
how?  where?  and when?  Love the veterans fighting for water protectors!!!!!
You mean fight the big banks like you did for #standingrock? No Thanks.
Tell us what to do.
how about all of us small business owners finally can do business again with banks.  You need to get out of our way
Tell us how we can fight back please
Bernie had independent voters & the meaningful message Americans valued. Clintons bought Dem party & lost. You supported that
can youbplease do something about NDPL? They were told not to build but the continue to do so without permission. .. plz help
oh my god. Why don't you create something except business killing concepts  and gun control. It only controls the honest
GOOD.  HOW?
progressives have made this country and it's people weak. Finally there is hope that we can  'make this country great again'!!!
Desire change then change from bank to credit union
Banks are owned by account holders not corporation
Banks own federal reserve.
I thank God for representatives like yourself EVERYday. You're one of a kind & your dedication & commitment is invaluable!
However, you were voted in to fight for us. Don't turn this into an "us" thing, it's a YOU thing.
go back to teaching. Best place for you as "Those who don't do - teach. #MAGA
You lost all your cred when you ran w HRC
you lose all credibility saying shit like that. If Warren runs in 2020, you're gonna vote for her
is this round 2. That's what the Stimulus Package did.
All of us Native Americans, all of us Nasty Women, all of us Moonbats. ... can you be more specific. ?
Cancel credit cards, borrow mortgages and bank locally, move retirement accounts. Hurt big banks
EAT YOUR HEART OUT LIZZY GIRL...
.
Dummy. Take a finance class, Please! Dodd-Frank has killed lending. That's why the economy has had a strong recovery.
nothing has been done in the past 8 years to help us middle and Lower class.  This dem voted 1st time rep. Perhaps Trump will
Reporting for duty. #breakthebanks
How? Help U.S. help you!
We can't rely on the Repubs or Dems to do it, since Wall Street neoliberalism still seems to be the order of the day for Dems.
SSSSsssssHHHhhhhhhUUUuuuuuDdddddddddUUUUPPPPPPPpppp!!!!
Done a mortgage lately? The fed rules & paperwork Dems created are enough to choke a horse.  GOP will repeal the insanity.
how?  What can I do?
http://www.asktheelectors.org/   this is our only hope. Plz SEN Warren make this address viral.
You must run for the next election Senator. You will be a fantastic first woman President.
why aren't the Democrats helping Public Service I'm missionary Foster Campbell?
Let's wait and see first what they try to change.
i think u need to help us by looking into T conflict of interests!
it's time to take a damn stance. You have hurt the American people too much in the last year #nodapl
we are gonna need a big giant box of handcuffs!
Thank you for being on the front line. Ready to fight!
You lost lady. You're toast schadenfreude
Please fight back with everything you've got!!
Tell us what to do. We're behind you.
how do we fight back?
fight hard please and thank you for all you do!!
If bankers really wanted to screw people over, they should accept 6 figure salaries to teach 1 college class
All of us, 'cept 4 those who know bank customers ultimately pay for ur tough-gal act, & fed housing policy, not pay, caused crash
SO far all I feel I can do to fight is to remove all my money from the banking system as much as possible.
We didn't even realize 50% of the population disagreed w/all of the things u r trying 2 accomplish 4 THEIR benefit!
The people have spoke u communist
We all wish you would have stood with a real progressive when it mattered. So yes, now we'll have to fight even harder
@SenSanders We're counting on you!!! Please don't let us down!!!
After you danced gigfor Hillary on stage campaigning and helped throw Bernie under the bus by not standing up for him U R gone
We need a law that No Ceo gets a bonus of any kind if they are caught up in coruption. Time in Prison may stop this behavior.
@NancyErvin4 #mypersonoftheyear #recount @HillaryClinton #resist #fightback
I'm already exhausted.
Fight Warren!!!!!!
Like Arcenio Hall would say.  Things that make u go Hmmmmmm
ECONOMIC GENOCIDE OF 99% IN USA MISSION COMPLETED BY FRAUD OBAMA GANG AT DOJ/FBI/SEC. 995 ARE HISTORY WITHOUT REVOLUTION.TREASON
I just don't understand why @jpmorgan @GoldmanSachs etc want to remove our protections and expect us to trust that motive.
when will u repay Cherokee for the scholarship and job u stole?
aww Snowflake. Show us on the doll where the bad woman touched you
dismissive behavior is what got us trump. Keep it up. Hello two terms!
says the person dismissing the Senators argument
not dismissing ...pointing out what a hypocritical fraud she is. U get butthurt and troll...SOOOO 
oh I see. So you trolling with fake allegations is fine, me calling you a snowflake isnt. Awwww. Precious
She lied and the Cherokee Nation has told her to desist. She should be prosecuted for fraud. 
perhaps a Lock her Up chant will be effective. 

Did Trump ever make any fraudulent claims I wonder.
MARY JO WHITE MOST POWERFUL FINANCIAL TERRORIST UNLEASHED TO LOOT ENTIRE WEALTH, PENSIONS. WHISTLEBLOWERS GETTING DESTROYED
how? If you haven't noticed there's a grassroots movement happening only thing missing are concrete actionable items & leadership
Rewarding to see the thousands of organizations gearing up to be on their front doors soon.  Many Thanks EW
Please tell me how to fight back. We need to educate our Democrats.

I am so glad you are still in Senate! I so hope we can still get HILLARY in the WhiteHouse
Perhaps Americans start by taking their money OUT of banks that no longer pay ANY interest.  @SenWarren
stop fooling pathetic liar. You have the power to Bring NETFLIX ponzi scheme loot encyclopedia for debate with Banking and FSC
weren't the regs to prevent another bank bailout? He said he's 4 Glass Steagall let's get that back on books b 4 he changes mind!
it's sad. Ppl were ready to follow you and you backed Clinton. Ur leverage has faded as has ur pull with the populists.
Well get ready to do something about it. You can handle this, it's your wheel house. Insist on enforcement with teeth
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH ELIZABETH WARREN
let's see which changes 2help U.S. ppl who've paid all those taxes y'all spend/as we tried 2survive on pennies,survived b.ruptcy
Hell yeah. We gotta stand strong
How?  How can a family protect ourselves, let alone 'fight back'.  Details, please. We want/need to fight. Lay it out for us.
interesting the white woman who claims she is Native American wait is this @DrJillStein I'm confused poster child for term limits
Women's March on Washington, Sat, Jan 21. All welcome. More info https://www.eventbrite.com/e/womens-march-on-washington-official-tickets-29428287801 … Women's Rights=Human Rights
yes !  #StopTrump
Not coming It's been the NORM...U.S. politicians making laws/regulations that pad self interest ...w/social media brought it 2 
yet bankers\ reaped huge bonuses, bought houses around the world, have benefits that last a lifetime& we pretend it's ok 
fight the system Pocahontas, end banking and business and let everyone live off the government. You'll probably stay in office.
Sadly, America had that chance on Nov 8 and they flushed it.
Cap overdraft fees to a % of the transaction honored by the bank, or $35, whichever is less.  You can drop Reg E as a concession.
what are your thoughts on the Minneapolis Fed plan to end TBTF?
you are fraud , Mary j White/Netflix gang looting at lightening speed with Pump/dump manipulation ponzi scheme.Whistleblower here
Blah Blah Blah...
the Democrats in the Senate need to stop it.
DJT's America. Govt Of the corporation, By the corporation & For the corporation. We MUST resist, no matter how dispirited we are
PATHETIC LIAR, wHY DID NOT ARREST maRY jO WHITE/NETFLIX NEXUS LOOT GANG?HANDED YOU ALL PROOF. STOP FOOLING 99% . NO MORE RESPECT
How?
I'll follow your lead but right now it all feel insurmountable without having a Congressional oversight & eithics backbone
is it time to break out the tomahawks?
except the ones that add thousands to small biz without reducing risk or protecting us..can we roll back those?
thank you. Glad you're my U.S. Senator!
You also need to hold your fellow Democrats who contributed to lax regulations & corruption just as accountable! 
How should we fight back?
Just like before, produce a big bubble, and when it bursts cry like babies till it's fixed, then swarm in again.
What do we need to do? Specifics please. 
- I'm with her
what thinkers?  Republicans? Since when do they think?
Many petitions against acts of peotus, where is best place for action to make a difference, as it feels fragmented in effort?
if your talking about fighting banks and you have not bought or promoted #Bitcoin I can't take you seriously.
.@SenWarren You don't realize how your BOGUS regulations have hurt the small investor!  You are so out of touch!
I can see still uneducated people in this country.  Trump just loves them!
sellout
troll
shut up  lying liberal Indian giver
Trump may surprise you.
Elections have consequences... #Pocahontas Lost @SenWarren
This is a disaster for most stockholders.
we need civil war to take on Gop.  They are trying to bring our country in line with Russia.  Only the 1 percent get rights.
Mr Trump is not Pres. yet and we're already talking civil war. Scary big time.
I am so worried about my future since this election . I am so lost. What can I do?
We need a Blue Wave in 2018!
fight back how? Msg from an internet marketer to a politician: A call to action is useless without a click here button :-(
suggestions?
Wallet Protest! Know where your investments are and withdraw from polluters and criminals.Invest #GreenTech #Family #Organic
you should be fighting the Democrats just as hard as the Republicans then.  You won't win if they keep moving to the right
How?
Give 'em hell.
