@HunterHRC2016 @SenWarren @ARL4Hillary It could go to fund security at our embassies, which the GOP has refused to raise.
@Beefareeno No WONDER Rubio & Ryan were so concerned about it! I thought that was fishy!
.@SenWarren Keep Tweeting us the truth.  No one else does.
Good.
refusing to increase spending is NOT the same as cutting.  Stop Lying.  #twisteddemlogic
@Dem4Hillary  They want to create an issue with the ACA so they can finally go "ha we knew it was bad".
Or say that is the Dems holding up  in the Zika bill & not say anything that they r taking it from ACA.
On the night of the  #Benghazi attack, @HillaryClinton was Sleeping. H did NOT pick up 3am phone call and let 4 Americans die!
@SenWarren
@awelab1956 typical!
how can they have so much hate for the people that need affordable health care?!!!!!
the country is broke, pay for it how?  Your party has destroyed the economy and spent more money on entitlements than ever
I pray. You and Hilary. Do not get in office. I pray. They kick you out with Hilary  you guys. Are so corrupt. It's pathetic
you and Hilary Clinton donations come from foreign places who enslave women and.  Stone. Women but. It's ok for you guys
you nothing but a compulsive  liar. How being Native American for a while. Work out for you. Not good at all
typical GOP manuvour
GOOD now pass the bill or shut up.
#PrincessSittingOnCrap
in other words, the GOP #Zika Bill uses health care funding to deal with a health care emergency response @Richzeoli
You seem to be glossing over the word emergency.
@DeityFree
GREAT GOP keep KILLING OBAMCARE November America VOTING TRUMP PRESIDENT safety security borders JOBS economy LANDSLIDE VICTORY
Ad then the GOP have the balls to blame Dems after they poison the bill with riders. No shame from these repugnant bastards
since you sold out your integrity ur words mean nothing.
don't let them do this, can you post their bill?
Why can we not submit bills with no amendments??? Or, give Prez line-item veto powers? #1LawAtATime
they (GOP) r so precious aren't they? I give up expecting anything that will help American ppl they just waste $ i.e. Trey Gowdy
$300,000/yr each for each zika baby minimum. Penny wise pound foolish.
do u DEMS know anything other than spending our money. Your ancestors would have just called the medicine man.
O-care. This new narrative to Alinskyite gop raping O-care¿¿¿
petty, petty like GOP trolls. Their base gets what they deserve.
who can afford Obamacare? I have the absolute worst insurance I have ever had.
Can we get rid of Republicans in Nov, please?
Almost as bad as the ClintonFoundation taking $ for hospital in Haiti, and never built it.
Thank you for standing up for the people, Ted Kennedy would be proud! #Teddy
#Obamacare has done nothing but raise medical expenses, limit options, and caused mergers that stops choice! Socialist wish list!
@SenWarren
How can they fit all that in a bill that is supposed to be about Zika funding?  This is beyond contempt...
it's the way the GOP hide what they want to pass tagged onto a bill thats necessary they also granted use of Confederate flag
GOP doesn't care;they have their cadiliac health ins.  The heck with the public.
thx2 @SenRyan budget passed by @HouseGOP
Shameful
Obamacare is a joke. Healthcare should have been modeled from Canada's healthcare. Get with it people.
@SenateGOP those premiums are going up POCOHANTAS. Go buy some foreclosures. Make more $ off people's misfortune.
Good..Obamacare ISN'T working!
. Fix this 1st.
wow, same post appears about every 5 minutes, did you fall asleep at the keyboard
don't blame @GOP on funding affecting exchange, affordable healthcare act isn't affordable, & needs to be repealed & replaced
and this misuse of funds helps the ACA be better HOW. Typical GOP wasting of money and then snivel about it
might need new glasses bc @TheDemocrats treat taxpayers money like monopoly money & have bankrupted the USA
LOVE YOU SO MUCH. YOUR PASSION IS SO INFECTIOUS!! @SenWarren for VP Please........
Maybe you should of brought them Dunkin Donuts.
@HillaryClinton exciting free press!!!!! Yaaaayy!! Clinton-Warren ticket!!!!!!  Do BIG rallies together! Wow...
Just a neo-liberal response to emergency.  How sad this country is becoming.
GOP is a bunch of hopeless idiots. (See Trump, Donald.)
You belong on the reservation. .
GOP are into nothing but want $ makers to take out control they hate to give up
No! This cannot happen!  There are other ways but they are determined to gut my insurance and I will not stand for it! Help!
GOP needs to send wampum back to angry old bleach-blond squaw.
horrible
