Thank god you work for me...you are my HERO!!!
Shareholders can sue him to disgorge his profits from sale of insider stock.  Jail not the answer. @OldIgby @WellsFargo
Stock holders can sue him while he's in jail!  There must be consequences for corrupt CEO behavior!
Don't want 2 condemn someone 2 be raped.
Come on! He would be in an unfenced, country club-like white collar crime Fed prison w/only consensual sex!
Consider what the Feds say mobsters fear the most: make him stay home with his wife.
He not a mobster he's a wht collar banker criminal. You or I use someone else's credit card we go to jail
He needs to be investigated and charged with Tax Evasion and Fraud
You're asking him about the WF lobbying for the #CSP to take over the mortgage market with, right?
https://twitter.com/JoshRosner/status/781521462683439104 …
BS! He should go to jail like Bernie Madoff. F**k these White Collar thugs!
Elizabeth Warren has called for an investigation into Strumpf fraud. Dont worry, he'll pay for his part! @SenWarren @WellsFargo
Great! And let's bust up these bleeping banks too. I lost my home to foreclosure in 2009 b/c of @Citi

"auto closing loans" is systematic purging of fraudulent accounts, not safety measure system.  It's by design!
why was it not a fed offense?
Because instead of supporting @SenSanders you knowingly indorced the wall street sell out.  Your one of them now..
You must keep and expand your job, Senator W! We need heftier, real cash fines across the board for illegal behavior.
Sounds like #barackobama minus the fines of course
like Hillary
Yep. Such is life for the top 1%. Enabled and supported by Ryan, McConnell and the rest of the  Republican rodents.
http://www.thepoliticalguide.com/Profiles/Senate/Massachusetts/Elizabeth_Warren/Scandals/ …
Just like @HillaryClinton, but she made wayyyyy more money.
sounds like congress fleecing the hard working taxpayers. Of America
what WF did was criminal, even to an everyday Joe like me. Enron, Madoff move over you have company.
Get em Elizabeth
@WellsFargoI I agree with comments Stumpf should be tried for his CRIMES. Go get em ELIZ
why the outcry? You endorse Wall Street puppet who's husband pardoned Marc Rich
If you steal from the bank, expect jail time. If you steal for the bank, expect a bonus.
Just like HillaryClinton
People like Stumpf and Ailes make me sick. Wish I could strip them of all their ill-gotten gains.
Might still be going on! In past three wks found fraudulent credit card in my act. WF closed but did not tag as fraud
most of hhe gains made by @HillaryClinton from massive voter fraud is overlooked
Yes, let's stop the cycle. #Stumpf should be 1st to fund Whistleblower Insurance Fund. http://www.delightability.com/2015/10/09/preventing-the-next-scandal/ …
why isn't he going to jail you steal a candy bar in most state you do a couple days jail steel billions and zip
Wells Fargo member should pull all their assets
terrible infraction yes but nothing compared to what occurred in 2008 . And yet no one was held accountable . A joke
what about the employees who had anxiety attacks and nervous breakdowns from not being able to meet sales goals?!?
- why don't you come spend a day with the rest of us regular, hardworking ethical employees that are proud of WFB?
We need zero tolerance, for government agencies and public corporations #nomanabovethelaw
.@SenWarren @WellsFargo What is wrong with DOJ this time around? Fine the company/stockholders; let the perps walk free AGAIN!
because of Wells Fargo taking my family home in under 2 weeks disable was raped by my father with no safe place
There's not enough public outcry! This is what complacency gets you, the same will occur if people don't vote!
GSE INVESTORS KNOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dacG6f8lcA8 …

http://www.GSElinks.com 
@WSJ @THR @TheHill @nytimes @latimes @guardian
evidence of @WellsFargo foreclosure fraud.  Help me stop the fraud.
Elizabeth Warren for President! Would be nice!!!!
as Hillary took thousands of dollars for her foundation from them https://www.google.com/amp/www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/09/21/clinton-foundation-took-donations-wells-fargo/amp/?client=safari …
Fraud for over a decade! Help our Mom, a victim of #WellsFargo predatory lending! https://www.change.org/p/help-save-mom-s-home …
Why is he not in jail? Why can the rich commit fraud? If a poor person commits fraud they go to jail.
wow he could become Florida's next governor
Just like Corrupt Hillary Clinton and thr Obama administration which you so strongly support. You just  don't get it!
thank you for demonstrating that a politician will stand up for Americans against corporate malfeasance
keep hounding these business criminals sen warren!
jail time only
As usual, and politicians wonder why Americans are fed up?  Most don't care.  They have more  than most of us!
#DrugtestTrumpNow
Has #Trump's arch-enemy forsaken her bloated pay & benefits while @USDOL has done Jack about Criminal Credit Suisse?
Absolutely.  Fire his Ass.  Make him return all his bonuses for the last 10yrs n give it to his customers!!
It's not a clawback when it's money you didn't see yet.
real winner is the Tolstedt lady who is laughing all the way to the Wells Fargo bank. No clawback for her?
preach, girl. #iloveyou
Not being in jail is one thing, but how TF is he keeping his job and still entrusted with customer's money.  BS.
Check Open Secrets They gave Hillary more than any other candidate.They know where to invest @WellsFargo
So bummed the employees pressured to obey were fired without his platinum parachute! #wellsfargo
You are the 1 person that fights them. @WellsFargo is backing Hillary. They gave 2.7 million to politicians in 2016.
thank you for not letting him off the hook.
Thanks to you and your committee for exposing the fraud and keeping a tight leash on these criminals.
.@SenWarren Despite her screeds against @WellsFargo when she endorses @HillaryClinton she endorses the Big Banks and Wall Street. #DemExit
I LOOOOOOOVE you. Finally we have someone who says the perpetrators need TO FEEL SOME REAL PAIN !
@ClarksonChuck @WellsFargo He knew!! 5000 plus employees all making the same mistakes or errors? Anyone actually buying that?!
kudos on not handling the Wells Fargo with kid gloves. Do NOT back off!
but why? Why isn't their a criminal investigation occurring as you said you wanted? Why isn't congress in charge?
But, the reality of it is...we don't need ripoff artists like him taking advantage of hard working people.

all while US Gov Regulators were asleep at the wheel (again, just like 08). More reactive legislation and where does the $ go? U?
I misspoke. U have proposed NO new legislation & have done NOTHING so this doesn't happen again.Tribal meetings keeping u 2 busy?
Speaking frauds, is Hillary using Peter F Paul & Aaron Tonken for donation this election? Fed Election Laws?
And Hillary's answers to that investigation was, She Can't Remember! She can't remember much, and wants to be Pres?
Thank you senator for going after these scumbags! Hope there will be a criminal prosecution soon
These bankers will find themselves treated like moussolini if they keep this up and no punishments are doled out.
Must be charged with fraud. Must be sent to prison.
Would like to see elected representatives in Washington held to the same standard of performance.
Keep the charge going! 
Current penalties are probably a laughing joke on Wall St. This is all business as usual, as you said!
I wish you were this passionate about bringing justice against HRC, Americans died and the US was compromised
no one is worried about Wells Fargo or the CEO. He should be put in jail though. The buck stops with him.
It's the same here in Ireland,all the top personnel in banking got paid off with their pensions intact,criminal
Maybe they will hire Hillary to clean up the corruption after she losses
You're the Senate. Go after him. Please.
Does no prosecutor have the courage to go after him?
sick! What kind of business ethics is that supposed to show others?!?
After watching you grill him. You are my new hero!
let me know when Koskinen or Comey get fired. Double standard much?
Mucho  wampum
Thank you @SenWarren from a @WellsFargo mortgage customer! Wish I could request my mortgage be transferred to another bank!
banks can only resort to fraud to keep manufacturing earnings and please shareholders/Wall Street.
So happy to see wells Fargo under scrutiny. Stealing from me is KARMA. You wish you never stole from my home.
- Lieawatha or Fauxcahontas; which is more amusing? Related item; Lizzies credibility on any issue is non-existent.
broken record of saying massive fraud  massive fraud but no one on trial or going to jail massive mouth of inept pols
we don't agree on much you are right.  He should be terminated and I wish the Golden Umbrella could be collapsed.
fraud most likely done under stumph direction
"Together we'll go far"? Not with me, Wells Embargo. You were fired long before this truth became known.
unles rationality is brought in on d bonuses of execmgmt, dis wil continue & not all hav senator Warren to advocate
should be straight up put out of business
unacceptable!!
So much for corporate America!!
under his nose implies he had no knowledge. I doubt that's the case. He might have been ignorant to the magnitude tho
: You are nasty and nothing Stumpf does to attone would ever be enough for you.
.@SenWarren Same happened with Goldman Sachs. Shameful. Keep up the good and just fight, Senator!
Corrupt Showboat Warren, are you kidding?
Wow us lower class people would be jailed for stealing!
he should b a Felon now due 2 his Stupid idiotic looks& answers during hearings
CEO's are a big part of what's wrong in this country! Corrupt!
NO reporting on Wells Fargo donations to Clinton?
Campaign. Foundation. Speeches.
please do not let up. Keep the eyes of the nation on this. Thank you!!
Hillary gave them a few high priced speeches.
So do something about it, don't just talk.
@Bernie_Facts @WellsFargo 
Yet you continue to support candidate whose backed by Wall Street. lol.  #jillnothill #jillstein2016
was it under his nose or rather orchestrated by him and his board? Responsibility for policy must be taken by CEO!
as per #HarvardBusinessReview top execs have traits of psychopaths & majority board members have no idea of the company! #USA
why @WellsFargo #CEO & #Chairman are same? Did he or his dad start the bank? Deep corporate governance reforms are needed #USA
Same as EVERY CORRUPT POLITICIAN IN DC!
A sad state of affairs
I prefer hefty jail sentences ( 3-4 yrs sounds right) like other countries do .
Why are you choosing the Teachers Union over the education of your state's children?
Hillary kept her job even though four Americans were slaughtered on her watch #negligence
@dangillmor @WellsFargo what about his boss? Isn't he fundraising for The Hill?
And Jamie Dimon? Oh yeah, he is a big HRC donor. Free pass.
so did Obama #bluelivesmatter #fanniegate
But whatever went right at WF he certainly takes credit for. 
#jackal #fraud #bankster #LockHimUp
what about the diamonds?
Any relation to #Drumpf?
No that would be HilLiary!
Why is he permitted to do that?  Why isn’t that illegal??  Because it suuuuuure should be!
You people are right on top of everything.
having $300,000 to pay for a @HillaryClinton speech is okay with you though?
wonder how much of that money flowed to you and Hillary? Must not have been enough.
only interested in fraud committed by private citizens. She's fine with fraud in government. She screwed Bernie and endorsed H.
why Wells Fargo is not under cship and Fannie Mae is? #fanniegate
Seems like Stumpf will be next in line for Republican nomination. Has the qualifications.
Will there ever be serious accountability for these people? I greatly appreciate yr work, but if these guys can keep their $,...
Under his direction...
Like losing cab fare.
the "big men" always get a pass while the rest suffer in corrupt fascist Amerika
#undernose. Are we sure it was under his nose?
all about the dollar
. Just the the 08 collapse. Fines < profit =/= deterrent. We need jail sentences for fraud.
criminal! By the way Sen. Warren, will you vote nude like Madonna and Katy Perry and post a pic? Thank you
it's been time to leave Wells Fargo and look for a new bank, for a while...
Getting Aways With Scams and Illegal Activity Right Under the Noses Of Our Government!
He keeps all of the money he made.  The "clawback" is unvested, so they arnt taking anything from him.  Total bs.
Where is the Justice for all Americans!  These Fat Cat Greedy Execs, getting away with criminal activity!
Red Queen: "Off with his head"
Are you pressuring the Fed and other regulators to press criminal charges???????
"Deplorable!"
we need full communism right. now. send that jerkoff to the gulag
Yes Comrade we need to be controlled by corrupt politicians. Can't wait for Warren to program you?
