sweetheart?? Seems like YOU are bad for our country. Did you not pay attention November 8 America is OVER your Democratic Party!
oh no its not,  you #trumpsters have no idea what you have awoken in us..you can't kill a dream,hope,love,
lol!!!! Are you blind hun?! AMERICA chose! & it was NOT the disgusting ways of HRC, corruption & lies
I am curious to understand what appeals to you about Trump?
 #wednesdaywisdom https://twitter.com/neilturner_/status/773375900981362689 …
Does the way he's staffing his transition team bother you? The embrace of the combination of Republican estab & lobbyists?
so you asked a question and I sent information for the answer. Did you bother to watch it?? I don't see how, been 1 min
#HillaryClinton this is how you treat people who disagree with you.
yep definitely worse than bigotry.
debatable but  sorry what does that have to do with bigotry.
so having people who are apart of radical organizations like Muslim brotherhood is okay ?
of course not but if you are talking about Huma Abedin that's a made up story
nope keith Ellison is a democrat and he is a part of it
no he's absolutely not seeker of truth.
How about an example of said 'bigotry.' Aside from hearsay from an ex-wife & sensationalist headlines from Breitbart.
court docs aren't hearsay and those headlines were bigoted.
he didn't want his kids going to school with Jews. He's the president's right hand. I'll stay desperate
yes I do
I have no idea why. But he does.
Hmmm, squaw speak of bigotry while pretending to be different race for own benefit. From this day u called "Lying Bear". #MAGA
@ZarkoElDiablo @SenWarren that's too nice lying squaw better

yes, leftist definitions are odd
Please Elizabeth. We need your voice in solidarity with protecting Native American Water Protectors. They are taking a beating.
has a lot of time to tweet, why are the people of Massachusetts paying her? Obviously she's not doing her job.
MJK Why aren't U saying that about TRUMP! ROTFLOL! :P
.@realDonaldTrump isn't getting paid by the taxpayers, .@SenWarren is! Wake up!
U haven't been paying attention. Trump did not pay his taxes! We did!
Pay attention now, he followed the law!
selling out to A Wall Street advocate who became extremely wealthy 
should be condemned ei.  Hillary Clinton
How do you feel about all the Goldman Sachs & Wall St players on Trump's team?
yes, a good example of terrible bigotry is to pressure the USA to vote for a women (or minority) even a bad one!
Better example of terrible bigotry is to pressure USA to vote for w/man AGAIN even the worst one!
Are you still pretending to be an indian to steal affermative action jobs?
AA is racist and unethical. I applaud Senator Warren for exploiting such an awful system, exposing its flaws
oh no its not,  you #trumpsters have no idea what you have awoken in us..you can't kill a dream..hope..love..our voices or votes
You know nothing of your progressive socialist brethren if you think them somehow tolerant w/ peace love& harmony!
I'll move my accounts.
I'll move my accounts attn: @BankofAmerica @BofA_Help @BofA_News
who cares if you are such a weenie you wanna move accounts GROW UP
have you actually heard yourself speak,the bigotry&hatred flow from your lips like a steady waterfall!
What about the bigotry being waged right now by Big Oil against Indigenous land and water rights as well as water security 4 USA?
**crickets** Ms. Warren, on behalf of We the People & honor 4 this land I asked u a question.  What is your heartfelt reply?
#bigotry #bigots #racism = #democrats #harryreid #HillaryClinton
The fact that U photo-shop things according to Assuage who is a fugitive in hiding for pedophilia shows where your head is at
.@SenWarren They should start by unseating YOU - A bigot of the worst kind who LIED about your ancestry to disavow your CAUCASIAN heritage
This is total B.S. She never made money off it and she never claimed to be 100% NA or White. Mixed is not a shame.
we never stay silent!I know u &u will definitely be doing your part using your voice/vote to stand up against hate#StandUp4Truth
we are standing up for Truth that's why we voted for Trump. #HeIsMyPresident
Madame you are the worst bigot I have ever seen and one of the most hateful human beings as well. best to say NOTHING
how about you say something about the #DAPL ?
: ask your own party member Hillary about being a bigot and anti-Semitic you're a hypocrite you should put the crack pipe down
I don't shop at Hobby Lobby or Chick-fil-a because of they don't provide their women full health care benefits.
Why do you take there money? Do they own you like most other democraps
How much is Soros paying you? Traitor!
why do you hate men so much?
You are the bigot Warren by illegitimately calling  virtuous man a racist. You should be ashamed of your lies & self
Especially knowing that's not true
Meanwhile... behind the DNC office on Nov. 9
You've condemned them for yrs, why would they even acknowledge you? Besides, 1/2 the country is free of your bigotry now. Amen!
Will you Dems please come up with new ignorance. Only the dumbest people still buy your everybody is a racist/bigot lie.
So is misusing terms like "bigotry"
what message do you send for backing a liar like KILLARY? @realDonaldTrump
What the hell are you talking about.  Go back to the reservation Pocohauntus.
this would be you

LYING about your ethnicity is shameful and bigoted., You are NOT Native American!
your a real blow hard
- many want USA to be completely white again, that's why a lot keep quiet.
My name is Elizabeth " lying lying lying"Warren.
Again with the "bigotry", I ask you to tell me what you think is "bigotry"
Democrats are the Bigots! You and your buddies! Get Lost, Please!
are you actually asking for a stock market crash? #fauxcohontas
sounds like u 
you realize you're being a bigot by not giving @realDonaldTrump a chance right? Stop trying to create a divide
okay Pocahontas
So shallow. You talk only about race, gender, & sexual orientation. Typical divisive race-baiter. You stand for nothing but hate.
that he's not Marxists like you.
: You should know, as one of the biggest bigots in congress pointing fingers at everyone but yourself.
You Dems love to throw around the words bigotry and racism. I think you need to look in the mirror!
you mean u spread hate with stupid?'s b4 the president elect takes office. #stophate #unifynotdivide #traitortivoters #acceptvote
FAKE INDIAN LIAR YOU ARE A WITCH MY INDIAN ANCESTRY CALLS YOU A LIAR
Millions of us like & respect our President elect Donald J Trump.
Any business,corporation, etc who slanders him will be #boycott
@Sanddragger as you rake in all that $$$ from wall street! Warren, typical radical alt left goon.
apart from your hearsay and yuuuge mouth you dont really say much
that's all you morons know how to do is toss around USELESS and weak terms isms, ists, phobias, safe spaces, bigotry"c  the trend
We didn't stay silent that is why we have @realDonaldTrump as our 45th President!!
North Carolina prime example. Hatred is bad for business.
you accept money and meet with George soros! #speakingofbigots
@BlogChurchWork women's rights?
That we strive for excellence, not some ideological nonsense!
the same message the gov't allowing the human rights violations to continue in North Dakota. #NoDAPL
kaBOOM! Senator Warren, Mr. Chavis is making an excellent point. Your stance on #NoDAPL, please?
The registry of muslim people was something that began w Bush not Trump
Therefore "hatred" you claim is what propels actions of vetting,surveillance&POSSIBLE registry of muslims is to prioritize safety
"one who regards or treats the members a group w hatred&intolerance" is your chosen def of bigotry.but what of illegal criminals?
Bigotry:"intolerance towards those who hold different opinions from oneself" I would ask if you arent professing your own bigotry
Thank you for standing for the American people, Senator.
@realDonaldTrump where is the bigotry. Really Senator? Stop defaming the person elected by the smart people!
Boycott everything Trump.
the bigotry is coming from the left.
so why are you being a bigot?
'Anti-trump-card'' - All 20016 is Unprecedented', let’s try 'Unpresidented anti-trump card', - See WH  - https://wh.gov/ieIjY 
yap yap yap yap
Damage control...red alert, red alert!
please listen
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1343815382308261&set=a.218261298197014.58239.100000394367583&type=3 …
So is corruption which is why Dems lost this round.
That's a real leader!


who you going to call ? As a minority I know the feeling.
Ask your boss Soros
That lying about my heritage is a good example?
HRC spent yrs. Threating,torchering,calling names,bullied is just a UNDERSTATEMENT! nice try! She's not a nice woman 
senator you are very smart and clever woman,how can express like that wake up,work with trump for better future for all americans
Not sure where you're seeing all this bigotry.  Clarify.
you are the bigot. Dems have been lying just to silence Conservatives. So stop with the hypocritical rants
tell that to your friend @SenSanders he's working for @realDenaldTrump already
Unfortunately you're wrong. Look ar Target re: bathrooms
You made it your life's mission to the same industry that you now want to listen to you? Yeah good luck with that.
Falsely claiming Indian heritage is bad.
brava. Keep up the pressure.
you wanted a women that TOOK MONEY from places that HATED GAYS, WOMEN etc Seems she was the one that had NO PROBLEM with it
send message what an idiot warren is
what do you know about the meaning of the word bigot? You are a bigot! America has spoken now come on board!
Stop beating the bigotry war drums. You are part of the problem.
Please run in 2020!
brava. Keep up the pressure.
we already made our voice heard! Just get over yourself dummy!
you are bad for our democracy. Show some respect for the Pres Elect. We didn't disrespect BO for 8 yrs while he talked down to us
perhaps HRC should have focused on income inequality instead of race. The former can be remedied by pols, the latter by citizens
Who's a bigot?? #LGBTfamily #LGBT
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
The brain drain is terrible for business.  Angry employees make terrible employees.  Better to be kind and responsible.
as a young woman I just want to thank you so much for all the hard work you do. You are so strong
You lost! Go back to the Reservation!! 
Runaway Unaccountable and Predatory Corporate Power is bad for our country.  Bigotry thrives on it.
You should of been saying this to every President....
you should be our President!!!!. #Warren2020
#ACLU Hitler attracted wide following desperate for change. Promised a better life and new and glorious Germany.  -Holocaust Mus.
Bigotry and pain for constituents are occurring well beyond the financial industry. The IRS is forcing people to desperate acts.
That as long as their bottom line is nice and plump, they don't care. Welcome to the land of hate and dreams. Trump, very bad!
Do you even know what the word #bigot means? YOU and YOUR ILK are the #bigots!
Resign.  Get a job selling used cars.  Wikeleaks about to release your emails dating back 5 years.
WHY ARE YOU AND OTHER DEMOCRATS MEETING WITH GEORGE SOROS?
Women thought you especially nasty when you supported Hillary and tried to get elected with Vagina rather than brains
Chinese hate non Chinese, muslims hate non muslims, Arabs hate non Arabs Japanese hate non Japanese but Americans are bigots?
Explain this. Dems are anti religion (xcept islam) anti big buiness (xcept wall st n banks) anti bigotry (xcept white ppl) why?
funny how another democrat is cuddling up to big banks, wall st n the like. I thought they were anti rich ppl?
That they can rip off the public unmercifully- pay a 10% fine of said theft- and pocket the profits. Apology and sly smile intact
Please refer to Pepsico stock- TRUMPSTERS have power.
So happy we have you and Bernie on our side.
You are the # 1 Warrior in Democrat Party of maybe 3 or 4 that get it. Everyone else is sidelines sniffling. dems no threat.
special interest is bad for the country & how much special interest $'s do u take ever year?#Democrats #pjnet #dems #ReinInDC
i ask YOU WHY YOU STILL STAY SILENT ON NoDAPL . How are ppl supposed to believe in your integrity when you don't show it
we need law requiring tax returns for candidates
but it's not Black History Month, Pride Month, or International Women's Day! #blacklivesmatter #pride #notsoglassceiling
hey I thought you said Trump would never be POTUS... Lol
@BoldProgressive Missing the real point by worrying about this: Ryan n trump working together is bad. Watch Medicare n Soc Sec.
They make money either way.  They don't care and are amoral or immoral entities.  Profit is all that talks to them.
know what I'm doing at all times even know what I'm thinking and when I complain I'm told they are above the law can't be stopped
the perfect message to me and millions of others! Stop it with your liberal talking points already. We won!
done to deserve this from a country that I love and would never do any thing to hurt it but it hurts me why because it has to
do that with this technology that's why more people have cancer now than ever if you know about this why allow it what have we
thanks Elizabeth, may I call you Eliz someday. .
all all I want is to be left alone not given cancer or heart attack or alzhimiers for not doing what they wanted me to they can
this in his speech when he gave American an apology for this unethical behavior of our gov doing it without consent I didn't
want to use us to test this technology on its there way of controlling America as president bill clinton about what he said about
told me that they will kill me and my family but I can't sit back and watch my health and kids health just go down because they
under surveillance that's afraid to say any thing because they are afraid for there family's lives it's hapen before they have
Can Trump really take an oath of office to uphold Constitution when he doesn't know what's in it and w/follow Bannon's advice?
alone they have threaten me what do they expect for me to let them do what they want they have hundreds of thousand of people
they will try to shut me up but I can't sit back and be a lab rat for them to do what ever they want all I want is to be left
to watch us in private moments of our homes and all of this is protected under national security how is my kids a security threat
this why is it so important for the nsa and law enforcement to know what myself and kids are doing in the bathroom that they have
@PortiaABoulger maybe call out Warren Buffet who owns 25% of DAPL who is paying people to attack indigenous water protectors.
Thank you. I didn't know. @Alexand3rTheMeh @SenWarren
Yea he's the primary in Phillips 66 through his hedge fund.
Probably one of the reasons that POTUS and HRC said such weak things about it. One of their backers owns it
this president Obama has allowed this to go on and I know Trump will he don't care about us any way buy senator you can look into
something has to be they are not letting people sleep the technology can see into our homes we have not done any thing to deserve
because of the brain mapping that's being done doctors are sending me in for mri this is real
NETFLIX $60B PONZI by goldman sachs & Mary j White http://thejewishwars.blogspot.com/2016/05/burning-down-house-how-goddamn-sachs.html …
bigotry is bad, lying is bad, lesbianism is bad. America chose Bigotry. you chose lying and http://lesbianism.like  clinton.
Democrat Party supported the KKK and instituted Jim Crow Laws. Democrat Party is a Communist Party. Your Getto's imprison. People
Shut up with that damn false race card bullshit! It no longer works, Pocahontas!
- keep retweeting warren and i'll stop following you.  she has made the term bold progressive meaningless.
similar to comparing 60 million Americans to racist, homophobic, xenophobic, gun loving, bible clutching, and deplorable?
Bigotry is alive in America. Democrats are not only bigots but they are also Slave owners and still are today. #Demsholdslaves
it says: They enjoy making a profit and it's best to not push personal views into them. This IS a democracy.  Bigots welcome too!
what is bigotry ,To me it stares right in front  of you with those emails
what r u talking about?
A bad message, that's what.
- you have lost your followers due to your ill advised support of hillary clinton.
No, she certainly has NOT! Why don't you take your self-righteous fake KKKristianity and jump in a lake. Irreverent shill
this is the problem right here, spewing unrest, shameful bigot 
@BeingExample @SenWarren @ConnieInAmerica @Lawrence  despotism/ dictatorial Democracy is what you are promoting.#education
