@googlygirl98 @GOP what would you know about a hard days work?
Please reply to the original tweeter without tagging the RTer. Thanks.
geez liberals are so easily offended! 
No, I was just wondering how detailed a resume you wanted from me! It's confusing!
no, no sorry. I am just not a Liz Warren fan, obviously 
Sorry, I've just been tagged in so many long convos lately, even when I'm not part of them. Didn't mean to take it out on you. 
no need to apologize. Do you like NC? Been there a few times and it seems nice.
The mountains are gorgeous, people who like sandy beaches say they're great, but I'm smack in the middle.
GOP agenda stop people like you from destroying our freedoms
let us know when YOU change the tax code, means test SS, fix obamacare, secure the border, hell... Do ANYTHING tough!!!!
also ignore the #gunviolence epidemic bc @NRA keeps so many in their deep pockets. Thank you for your hard work. It matters.
To be realistic, that's less about @NRA and more about the lack of decent jobs and alternatives to crime.
without a doubt they are all part of the problem. I think local intervention programs are vital as well
top one percent should their taxes to alleviate national DEBT.  THEY are mainly the cause, making middle class carry weight!
no way! We've been doing that under Democratic rule and watching our country get flooded with immigrants! Jobs leaving!
Need strong unions of workers for fair pay & conditions, govt to prevent import of labour or export of productive industries
Trump's Andy Beal proffers the $. Victims w/ hard evidence. He forges notes & deeds; abuses wealth 2Rig courts 214-674-6572
Problem is, it's not just agenda. It reflects their values. They don't respect working ppl. They think we're not deserving.

How did Harry Reid became so wealthy in Congress?  What about Laura Richardson & Jesse Jackson FRAUD charges? All Democrats.
Congress do nothing? That's something new?
Yeah it's only the GOP.  The working men and women have been shunned by the lot of you for decades. Get off your high horse.
It's unethical to receive a paycheck if you aren't fulfilling your duties! I am a teacher. Things are tough. I still work.
Can't just elect HRC we must clean house in the Senate & Congress.NO MORE GOP! Cruz endorsing Trump was the last straw.
.@SenWarren @GOP This is the bottom line, please spread the word. I am working really hard to get things out there

I think you should suggest term limits righteous one.  None of you work!!!
Thank you for standing up for what is right and exposing the GOP for political gain for themselves.
that is how they function in a tantrum.  Frankly appalling.
they should be paid salary based on hours present.  Not to exceed.  But not paid unless the WORK.
Thank you for all your work and thanks for the inside scoop Senator.
And block any legislation proposed by the president. @SenWarren @GOP
@abbyysloann @GOP no


#lostcause
hush your fuss brat
Gee it sounds like you are talking about the Democrats.
DONT NEED A RAISE..GET A RAISE AND THE PRICE OF EVERYTHING GOES UP..SO YOU WILL NEED MORE MONEY..YOU PEOPLE IN DC DO NOTHING
Check out @altrightwhite's Tweet:
@HillaryClinton @TheDemocrats @SenWarren @thehill 
Trump and his "Follow The Money" LOL Release your taxes and we will!
#TrumpNStumpf will destroy out country please stop congress from further deregulating banking so the Wells Fargo fraud stops
Par for the course!
ONE DAY ... AMERICANS ARE GOING TO GET TIRED OF BEING HELD HOSTAGE BY THIS REPUBLICAN HELD CONGRESS!!!!!!!
it is the wealthy that hire the working class. but liberals are on wellfare anyways
sad really!
If you cared about this issue you would have supported Bernie. Clintons have not supported workers, unions, old, sick, needy
I'm appalled that they take this much lv and have the gall to go after pay equity & living wages!
it takes real hard work talking to lobbyists and carrying around all that money.
good, my wife will have a job a little longer, you have zero idea about what it is like to survive on the street
- Maybe so - but you do nothing about Fortune 500's subbing labor out to slave wage employers overseas.
Comey could do what Hillary did to prove its not a crime Have him do it on video. Take classified info home and socialize it
I think if America hears your voice more they will finally start to listen!! GOP does NOT care about the middle class!!
Can't you punish them for waste, fraud, abase or corruption under principles of ethical conduct ex,ord no.12674, w/2/3 vote
@CastonChris @GOP Why all the cheap shots? Be responsible. This is why Trump will win. No more handouts
hey poco, just because you worked a day? You haven't done anything in Massachusetts, why don't you create some jobs there
most politicians are motivated only by greed, power, and self preservation. Sociopaths and liars by nature.
all of Congress r or D has found careers doing nothing. But they make the laws so it's not going to change.
@ErikJLarsen @GOP Because your new overtime rule is crap
your right..we get nothing..you should push to reduce congress in half and then cut pay/benefits in half..you could be prez
blue cross blue shield of Tennessee is dropping all marketplace plans & NON marketplace plans--small business left uninsured
.  Can we get our money back? #USTaxpayer
The one thing they did- over riding the veto is the thing they should not have done.
We would love it if Congress would do nothing for a change. It's when they do stuff that it gets screwed up.
 Trump the ultimate con man. Its really hilarious Trump & his kids using workers' money.
at least they don't pretend to b Indian.
Best years under Reagan? Unprecedented deficit, job losses, cuts military benefits, cuts to education. Yeah good ole days
Move to California be my Senator.@BarbaraBoxer @SenFeinstein
GOP motto: Party Before Country!
@pjbrocksam @GOP Pay no mind to these fools on here that have traded their patriotism for racism #Gopderelictionofduty

Their checks should be withheld.
lm afraid that has become the norm, and we as Americans feel useless
@pjbrocksam @GOP Thank you for doing your job Sen. Warren and thank you for taking the bank to the cleaners the other day 
why do you support a criminal?
keep fighting senator Warren!
Backbreaking factory jobs have gone to China and all the other hardworking people are often not Americans ;)

America Wrong Color Direction
@BarackObama African
@FOXNEWS
Christian Ailes Sex Harass
Racist @realDonaldTrump
Head Snake
@SenWarren @GOP
I'm old enough to remember when the Democrats were in charge and did squat....  sour grapes.
almost sounds like the House of Lords in Uk, where they get paid £300 pr day just for turning up (plus expenses)
I want members of House/Senate to show up at 7:25 am, like our high school kids do, subject to random drug/alcohol tests each day
Even when Dems block bills,go on strike or filibster all Liz Warren will do is blame GOP.Most divisive person in congress.
I was a classic blue collar worker. The Best Years were under Reagan. The Democrats are frauds and liars. Period
So you can't correlate that after Reagan's regressive policies went into effect things got worse...
What have U done 4 anyone but U. U took advantage of Affirmative Action & took a position that a minority could have!
SO YOU ARE SAYING, NOTHING NEW. THEY'VE BEEN DOING THIS FOR YEARS.
...pitting republicans against democrats while preaching about coexistence, equality, and tolerance. Such a hypocrite. #libtards
@ImmoralReport @SenWarren you are right but worse American against American our racial situation  is a dilemma of priority
As much as possible for them and their friends, as little as possible for everybody else.
And this is Hillary's agenda: Lie, lie about the lies, and play Americans for fools. She is the true "deplorable".
wow, the uneducated are truly dumb.
when you got 350k/year to teach ONE class at harvard, did you think you helped "hard working" Americans pay tuition?
If this rule was accomplished in Congress instead of @POTUS E/O, maybe @GOP wouldn't feel as compelled to block it.
Do you get... Indian Casino Revenue Sharing? #Pocahontas  @SenWarren @GOP
wow, a racist.
You forgot 'auction off public lands to private companies' for the cost of a good bribe.
.@SenWarren @GOP And protect Tax Loopholes so people like #dodgydonald can pay no federal taxes yet use and abuse US resources. #ENOUGH!
SO sick of obstructionist GOP & do nothing mantra. Their party's imploded. Donald Trump is proof.
Wells Fargo deserve every penalty. They stole from my home 2012. Then denied they did. I had proof. They paid to have my locks
Hey poco, why is HRC tied to Mexican drug Cartel
"This country has come to feel the same when Congress is in session as when the baby gets hold of a hammer." Will Rogers
just like the gop.
I agree. But if Dems ever get a majority again and they don't pursue a progressive agenda, I hope you're as hard on them.
