The biggest recruiting tool for ISIS is the religion of Islam
Yes, but that's not their only recruitment tool.
Lets see how many non followers of Islam join ISIS then.
LOL. Islam is a necessary component, but the sole component. It's not that hard to figure out, dude.
Yes its the sole component. Are any non Islam followers part of ISIS? Any poor "disenfranchised" Buddhists?
Your argument doesn't prove it's the sole component, only a necessary component, which I agree.
Its not my argument. Its theirs. They all say its for Islam. We will elect what presidents we want, fuck them
Shame the West created ISIS in the first place.
that makes as much sense as the Jewish people created Hitler.
Juvenile. @SenWarren
And the totalitarian regimes they live(d) under have nothing to do with their actions? U=juvenile² @gomariners62108 @SenWarren
Like the ones supported by the US? While WW2 Jews had no allies? Enough dumb Hitler connections. @gomariners62108 @SenWarren
like dumb ISIS connections?  BTW, ISIS was formed during Bush administration.  #selectiveAmnesia. ;)
The ISIS connection via Saudi Arabia and Turkey is not dumb. Formed, maybe. But the past eight years? @mchlross3 @SenWarren
This is the core flaw of Democracy: people don't have time to pay attention but are allowed to choose "leaders".
How has a Democrat president been for ISIS recruitment? Bonanza or a tidal wave?
@hhpapazian  agree!!
Me too. It's just that @SenWarren is part of the problem.
how so?
ISIS arose from an environment partly created by the West and it certainly can't thrive without Western >> @makavely_1 @SenWarren
how is she part of the problem? ISIS sort of arose out of the Iraq War on 2003. She wasn't in office.
ISIS thrives due to current US policy. It's disingenuous for a hegemony member to blame an newcomer. @makavely_1 @SenWarren
can we remove jargon and just speak candidly? Elizabeth Warren has never advocated for and has fought war
Candid is my middle name, but I try to use the most focused words I can. War is something one manages. @makavely_1 @SenWarren
@katyperry um no it's our rights as born citizens to be protected by our government. God you're all idiots!
My word shut your face. Only time you DEMONcrats care about The Constitution is when it only benefits you or your side loses!
.@SenWarren Please explain that to US CENSUS taker, every government form, every job app., & every college app. that asks my race & gender.
"@SenWarren @katyperry
and if you don't think databases and registries already exist, you're either disingenuous or stupid #fauxahontas #Liawatha
Hey, Lizzy, guess why Japan has had no terror attacks. Nm, I'll TELL u. They don't allow Muslims in!
Obamas IRS targeted conservatives...you twits really dont care bout the Constitution since u are always against it
@katyperry 8 years ago we didn't have this problems ..thanks Obama
Paris Brussels #OrlandoUnited Your so full of your eyes are brown
what seems to be the same respect that I'm going to show Donnie Boy, thanks for your input.
Poor Dear you will probably need therapy when SCOTUS is Conservative 6-3 and Abortion is outlawed
we might let the next president pick the Supreme Court Justices.  That seems fair don't you think?
@katyperry Care to back that up with proof? 
Islam is a political ideology that is not compatible with iur constitution Or values
@katyperry
Trump has taken his ignoramus and braindead followers for a ride, the wall against Mexico reduced to fence
How many other broken promises are in his knapsack, Heaven only knows!
Americans will miss the golden opportunity of Hillary as the Madam President to lead to prosperity
I can't be tracked, if I don't want to be tracked
.   Your a great lAdy keep up the good work.                         Trump is not my president.         I voted for hillary
I hope you say that with a straight face when your kids get mutilated in front of you cant  do nothing about it.
thank you for looking out for those of us who can't.
@katyperry is it ok to track gun owners?
@jstickgoldsarah why don't people understand that

@katyperry wait are we talk about gun owners or Muslims?

The last census I took seemed to only care about race and what language was spoken in my household. Quit spreading #FakeNews.
We agree.
Tracking based on incomplete records and originating from dangerous countries may be worth considering though

how about the Quran? Is that a recruiting bonanza for ISIS ?
yeah because people who join ISIS shouldn't take any responsibility for their own actions. You're deluded.
You mean like the Census, Senator? Are you insane? We already "track Americans based on race & religion"..every 10 years. Nut!

Like a person saying they areanIndian, for unfair advantage. Uh, OK.
what if they aren't Americans but illegal immigrants?
, we create terrorism by decimating entire countries on the premise of giving them democracy. Name one country that it worked.
most of isis are paid mercenaries, there to destabilize the region for as long as we can prop them up.
How in the hell did you get elected and you don't even know what the census is?
you're just as much as a crook as Hillary Clinton resign now.
Do you know what a Census is? Your district must all be on Oxycontin.
What do you call the census then?
Although, does this mean affirmative action is null and void? #EndingAffirmativeAction #SenWarren #Bernie2020 #Trump
If that's all it takes to radicalize a kebab, we don't want him here.
Business and Government uses the Census to fairly allocate America's hard-earned resources.
We do it every 10 years Goofy.  It's called the National Census, next one is 2020.
it's called a census Pocahontas
Yet it is legal to track them by nation of origin!
it's called demographic information and is used by social scientists and govt to make policy decisions. Are you OK?
why does every government document ask you if you're white, black, Hispanic or other???  More ridiculousness.
what policy of Thomas Jefferson's inspired the Barbary Pirates exactly?
Awesome so cancel the stupid CENSUS that you love for political reasons.
