you're just an angry, vile old woman... I love that you have to be on the losing team now :)
Do u have any concept of what Warren has accomplished to help low wage earners? Or it is just that she is female?
she's gotta be about the worst human scum in DC
Still haven't given even one valid reason why u don't like her. Do u know any? Or r u simply told what 2 think?
I've personally seen her putrid character on display
Can't come up with even one example...Sad.
I can't give you specific examples without looking quotes up - but I could, easily.  I'm just speaking to what I've heard - vile
Wow. Can't give examples. She does everything to help the middle & lower class. U really have no clue who's trying to help. 
oh he's draining it - and you couldn't be more upset about it!  Time to be submissive, grandma!

just watch - and learn ;)
are we waiting to see how many more white nationalist he can bring into his circle
hahaha who cares, get over it...
nice response. My friend tells me it's easier to just be a ignorant racist, is that true 4 u too?
name calling just detracts from your credibility - you guys are soooo angry right now, I love it!
words from a friend but I can see how that hurts your feelings and why you think it was about u
Trump & his team have deep Russia ties. We refuse to let Russia compromise our government & our sovereignty #AuditTheVote
I'm sorry that you hate America. I don't.
If you aren't concerned about the possibility of another country interfering in our elections then, yes, you do.
Trump won the electoral. Hillary won the PEOPLES vote & the country lost.
You're already there, so...
@SusanSpurgeon1 @realDonaldTrump 

Lol. Hypocrite Warren fights against Wall Street but backs Mrs. Hillary "Wall Street" Clinton.
Trump's cabinet is entirely corporate figures. Are you blind?
.@SenWarren Gotta' give you credit for "working with" @realDonaldTrump there, ol' gal.  Hypocrisy is a specialty of yours, no?
Hard to work with someone who can't stay true to their word. He's hired biggest gators from the swamp.
says who #CrookedHillary lover @SenWarren!
Says every news agency & Trump himself said he had to hire "insiders & lobbyist".
Pence said he kicked them out, as far as medical their credibility is in the toilet!
don't forget to blow kisses to your new president, Donald J Trump!
He's not my POTUS. He won't be yours either after he's impeached.
he is not your or my president until noonish jan 20th
if a political party becomes irrelevant than the GOP should've fucked off 8 years ago.
Your logic is nonexistent.
go away lady! Your radical liberal leftist views have been rejected by the people. The dem party is exploding. Focus on that?
hardly. The majority voted for the left lol
oh fuck off with that.
are you a troll?
I don't know egg. Are you a troll?
no, I'm a middle class blue color hard working American in the oilfield business and sick of liberals knocking my life.
where did that come from? Are you talking to the person that asked if you were a troll, cause that wasn't me
and I never knocked your life
Hillary won the public vote by 2.5 million votes.
.@SenWarren I think we should start calling him Don Donald because he's already running things like a mafia kingpin.
Donald drain the swamp of E Warren...she needs to go...far far away. So nasty she is!!!
the embarrassment is women lacking any self respect=women that voted Trump.
Wow !   You just have a real shitty attitude way to bring everyone together Senator.
you must have walked in first
Dear Sen. Warren. Admire your brave & powerful voice. Please speak-up for your Native American Brothers& Sisters Water Protectors
Mr Trump, please continue to drain the swamp, and don't forget Elizabeth Warren. She just won't shut up!
why are you so bitter?Your side lost,get over it!Your bitterness adds fuel to the fire. Makes you look like a jealous old witch!
@LindaHaleRCSD @realDonaldTrump Trump is the biggest monster of all
@KAYLEEBURRIS @realDonaldTrump. We need to drain his swamp!!
CUT HIS NADS LOL
. Yep, LMAO!!
A world filled with broken promises, selfishness and separations; a world longing for light again". Go Trump!
A real Indian said that! His name was Crazy Horse! Read and heed! Trump will fix your party's broken promises!
well then why haven't you been invited to the front door yet? #realswampmonster
HEY! That's so not you. I've been trying to rise above and you should too.
he's not draining-the Orange menace is populating the swap
are u EVER going 2 admit that NOT endorsing @SenSanders was a mistake? U know #Dems,#DNC & #Hillary screwed him. @realDonaldTrump
I have not seen a more negative person than u. It distorts yr face into something inhuman and irrational. So sad
Begining with a slot like you
So says the fake Indian
Trump is putting America 1st, your just butt hurt youre not part of the solution
You losing your next election OR QUITTING would drain the swamp of our ugliest swamp monster Sen. Warren!
swamp monsters like yourself need to go away now. You nearly destroyed our republic and we are taking it back.
you lost. Get over it and move on
Oh, you got an invitation too?
:you being one of the swamp dwellers can you feel it closing in.
If it helps to get rid of people like you, I can only hope he gets more
Stop your race baiting hate mongering. Your party is only creating division throughout society. Where are your moral compasses?
- Are you jealous because he didn't invite you?  NEVER HAPPEN!
yup. He's not draining the swamp, he's filling it with garbage
Bravo!
More like he's building a cesspool
.@SenWarren @ChrijosTheia The mistake is thinking the swamp is them, he sees the swamp as dissenters, pretty much ANYONE disagreeing w/him.
Actually, so far, we support his choices. Hoping Mitt Romney, isn't one of them.
@VirgoNamedSanaz Zazel Attacks#highwire #andybrownetroupe https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Figejkt0U4g … Spotify #Zazel

You will never be president....nobody likes a screeching woman.....ask Hillary.
your problem is, you wont be getting your money because he is banning special interests..liar
@UltraViolet can you help us with #AuditTheVote ? We the people DEMAND a RECOUNT after seeing overwhelming proof of rigging
Senator, the swamp is in congress where legislators are bought and paid for. Exec branch doesn't make the laws.
No Marxists on Trump's list of people to hire? 
. REALLY??? Have you and your other communist liberals looked at your agenda lately?  Fake faux Indian shameless
Hey Elizabeth Let's #StopTheCesspool!
Actually, you endorsed the worst swamp monster of them all: Hillary Clinton
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump SWAPM IS FULL OF MONSTERS BECASE CORPORATONS KILL PEOPLE LIKE NAZI CORPORATION AND REPURBLICANS !!!!!!11!!!
not the biggest and ugliest monters, You weren't invited
. @realDonaldTrump. does this mean he's cozying to the #ExImBank? No; that's you
Totally ironic given his irrational fear of flying too low over the Florida Everglades... LOL
All adjectives and NO SUBSTANCE
how anyone can take you seriously is beyond me.  How do you afford a $2 million dollar home?
is gonna be the worst n ightmare of the occupy-faction, as well as of anyone else on earth, esp the earth itself
FALSE. I haven't seen you walk thru the front door yet.
stuff a sock in it.
you remember when y'all wanted the nuclear rule,51 instead of 60? Welcome to thermonuclear. Hell hath no fury
#SelloutWarren
You supported a corrupt candidate owned by wall street and foreign donors. No ones buying your BS anymore.
Pocahontas your such a fraud.  The height hypocrisy.  Obama and his progressive policies were soundly rejected
exactly,he's just gonna appointment a bunch of racist/bigotry filled old white dudes to run his administration
When did he invite you to the WH??
Did you forget about this? WE DIDN'T  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dnIaBpN2YI&feature=share …
Don'tbeasellout.getoutoftheswamp
I heard swamp thing will be the "first pet" but won't actually live in the White House.
For all you libtards I brought you something to calm your nerves........
we're trying to protect the constitution from his cold dead hands.
crazy old bat
Good Lord ! You're clearly on the verge of insanity. Take a deep breath & maybe a long break. You have no sense.
@DebdebWilder @realDonaldTrump Tehn don't appease him and his cronies!
Uh, no, that would be you the conscience-free America wrecking ball not Native American.
To @SenWarren, any successful person with a free will and a desire for freedom is a swamp monster.  @realDonaldTrump
how high is the water mama?10ft high and riseing.
http://freebeacon.com/politics/warrens-top-donors-include-individuals-firms-represent-corporations/ …
who are the ugly one???
actually you are correct the swap won't be significantly drained until you are gone from office.
I disagree - YOU aren't there, so your comment is just another liberal lie
well - YOU aren't there so your comment is a lie
I said a few weeks ago when the swamp is empty All we will find is the lock Ness monster with an orange comb over
well he has to deal with you ...is that what you mean?
You will forever be known as Princess Drano.
Still much much better than you!
I'm scared, Russia is using Divide And Conquer tactics on the United States.
Senator you are part of the problem but unable to see past your own self interest like the rest sucking $ in DC
lol you support HRC, who is OWNED by special interests and Wall Street as is Kaine. Are you dence?
No surprise #Trump2016 supported #brexit

He is afraid of genuine constitutional law&democracy
#EuropeanUnion
exactly
he is turning the "swamp" into a sewer.  What can we do to stop him?  Please run in 2020 if we still have a country after trump!

- Is Trump also a monster? He must be.
instead of running your mouth off &doing nothing. Get a life, support & make some decisions for once.drain swamp
I dispute this accusation.  I haven't seen him call upon you or Hillary yet so there is a lot more swamp
You're in the swamp. Be careful, he may choose you.
"The Biggest, Ugliest swamp monsters?" So you, Michelle Obama, & Al Franken were there?!?
Yowza, that is scary.
has a Native American you lost me at the fake Indian crap
Democrats have lost. Get over it.
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump 
Senator Warren - You voted for a neo-Liberal warmonger, shake down artist with a trail of murdered bodies.
you must have the first invitation
Do you practice your rants in front of a mirror?
if that were true you would have already been selected for a candidate position. Native American Affairs perhaps
Trump had to "drain the swamp" to get to the dregs at the bottom!
@JaeCreitch
the orange baby will fail as it has always done ie pop vote. SAD white race hatred on rise again. They'll lose!
ultimately the ineptitude and corruption of the orange pussy grabber will align with its onanist neuroses.
he let you in the front door?!?!
HATEFUL, INTOLERANT LIBERALS.
I hope you keep commenting. It's loony hypocrites like you, that the American people have had enough of.
. This cray women and her ranting!!! . #NeverDemocrat
yes indeed Trump is draining the swamp and offering cookies to scoundrels and hypocrites
looking forward to when you lose your re-election bid.
but could you and your rhetoric please make your way to the front of the monster brunch line? Please/thank you
So disrespectful, people have freedom of speech!
Then why dont he invite your swampy ass .
@komunik8 @realDonaldTrump Yep, he's hiring the "swamp"!
This from a woman who is bought and paid for by http://Moveon.org .  The same ones paying for the protests.
From swamp to a new Everglades
I have an idea, since you have such a BIG MOUTH why don’t you open that mouth of yours and suck the swamp dry. LOSER
you were invited????
everything you say is a 'negotiation with hate'.  How's George? 
You lost, Your liberal tears taste soooooo good....
can you please name lobbyist on the team? I'll wait
@D_Raval  ..Elizabeth - I have a spare room here in London..
Jealousy doesn't look good on a nasty woman like you
Hey fake indian Warren, you are part of the swamp that needs draining!
drain @SenWarren
The Democrats have been crucified in House, Senate and local races. Looks like he's draining the swamp! 
instead of communist/socialists?
@genecollier @realDonaldTrump is that what that screeching noise was
Swamp Queens like you OMG I can't wait
when it comes to swamp  monsters you should know  
Lizzy
maybe @realDonaldTrump could kill everyone in Washington & start over. Maybe he could call the Clintons for advice.
soon alligators like you will need to move on or die.
John Bolton would be a disaster,but Ron Paul for treasury would be liberating,End the Fed!
don't worry, the deplorables been drinking swamp water for 8, what's 4 more?
worried you may get drained??? Get over it... he won. Stop the hate speech. YOU'RE what's wrong with this country.
I'm so sick of you and your negative statements.
and what exactly have you done for the constituency you represent as Senator? Don't worry, I'll wait...
And your state oppresses the working class
@realDonaldTrump
No. He is expelling them from our government, as we speak. They are called Democrats. Had their chance & #Failed
monsters at the gate ,keep scum from re entering the swamp
is he inviting u? I don't remember seeing that? Go home Pocahontas!
I agree, the people who voted for this man are headline readers, they know nothing about his distruction to come
that is so great. Looking forward to January
You mean Trump appointed Fauxcahontas to his cabinet? Sad!
Um, you were not invited so sorry, that's just not true...
OMG it's so cute that you think that when #Hillary cheated and still couldn't win. But  you go on ranting...
Unfortunately he thinks your the swamp. It's so scary.
