@SenWarren
do u respect Trump (just a little bit) for declining to meet with those jerk bros?  I know you dont like him but hope u like that
You're worried about Koch, when your boy, Soros, is trying to bring down the political foundation in the US? @PrisonPlanet
I guess they think its a Koch world, and we shld all just feel honored to live in it... 
Yawn - real orig. Get that from old Fox bullet points??
#GreenPartyUS and #JillStein deserve a place at the debates! #GlobalWarming #ClimateChange #NoGMO #boycottMonsanto
how much does Soros spend?
you talk about the Koch brothers,what about George Soros you don't have a problem with him
@SenWarren
Old loopy liz-traded her "principles" for a shot at VP slot and got rejected! Like a wife ranting about husbands affair 23yrs ago
really? When was the last time you commanded @georgesoros to stop funding the nonsense that is #BLM? Typical #hypocrite
really? With ALL of wall St backing KILLARY? & all HER LIES.. You're worried about the kochs..
Just like George Soros does but you never say anything about the Dems banker
Charles Koch wouldn't know an open debate if it bit him in his fat ass! Repubs need to get off the Koch!
#TrumpPence16 #JillNotHill #Demexit #BernieOrGreen #TrumpTrain #NeverHillary #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
it is, from him
like .@georgesoros ?
didn't he endorse your candidate? #CorruptHillary
: Ha ha! Hard to believe that #kochbros love freedom of expression so much. Still LOL
seriously Koch is the most corrupt company men in America doing serious harm to democracy they own Paul Ryan and the GOP
Just like George Soros? Who are you kidding?
Weird that you'd take issue with Charles Koch when you take none with George Soros
the kochs give money to Hillary. So #JillNotHill and of course #NeverHillary #WelcomeToTheBust
@Ibutterfly34 But he's ok with Hillary, as are you. What are we supposed to do?
Right?
Thanks a shitload Senator Warren your CowTow to that which you speak against made US weak.
Call out Koch but be fair and do same to Soros. Both use their money to influence. Our Govt is owned by big money
#soros much?
THE KOTCH BROTHERS ARE AN ABOMINATION TO
THE WORKING PEOPLE OF THIS NATION ! DESTROY THEM AFTER THE ELECTION !
and George Soros spends billions to support Libs in his effort to destroy our country.
you are the best.
@SenWarren
#HEXIT>@senwarren
“Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.” – Buddha
Well, he IS uniquely positioned to know this...
What about Soros and Steyer? Y not mention them?
@SenWarren
she doesn't care. She sold out to the Clintons a long time ago.
Why are you criticizing Koch? You guys are on the same side now.
Good God @SenWarren. Seriously? How do you feel about Hillary taking money from #KochBros lobbyists? No one's buying the BS.
Are you an Indian?
The Koch Brothers are still more proof that only the good die young.
I'm neither wealthy nor a politician, and I'm worried, really.
I cannot wait for debates, IF he does indeed show up for them. Election is so distressing. Sanity to return w/ HRC!!
That's what politicians do too. Difference is that you do it with somebody else's money.
so says a senator who goes out of her way to avoid answering questions! To ideologues , hypocrisy knows no bounds
Govt officials attacking private citizens is what they did in Nazi Germany & the USSR. Very dangerous people.
Your George Soros
your party has used tech connections to systematically censor conservatives on social media. This is a fact.
Expected. Dem Pty now hijacked by leftist zealots; as such, hypocrisy level in orbit.
give us more anti trump tweets
George Soros, who does the same thing, is ok, however? What a hypocrite
is a fraud artist!
Soros much? Don't be such a hypocrite, Poca.
and George Soros does the same... So please go away
Grow a pair Fauxahontas
hey Lizahontas - you should stop attacking those that employ people - oh, that's right you're a marxist
Jealous????
maybe you could send them a smoke signal and you can all smoke a peace pipe? Asshat.
Unlike Steyer and Soros who secretly spend BILLIONS to shred Republican candidates? Just shut up.
why do begrudge him his money, but have no issue with getting paid hundreds of thousands to teach a class?
That and ballet, you simp. Do you actually hear how paranoid you sound?
@IamLuisGuzman Tge Koch brothers sure havent put any money behind Trump, they are well known for it
the Koch Bros usually throw massive money behind the Republican candidate...certainly not this time around
who openly chooses to endorse candidate that receives most donations from Wall St says she's going to regulate Wall St.  Really?!
oh, the irony, the bitter, bitter irony-that dollars do not equate to votes
On the other hand, mainstream media not much interested in issues that substantively matter to our lives.
and your buddy Soros???????  Go away, Liz.
is just disappointed she doesn't have the will power like #DonaldTrump to turn down big dollar lobbyists like #TheDon did. #fact
bahahahahaha that's rich.
Hillary endorsed Isis to be in the Olympics they could have marched out right after Iran
we trusted you
One name for you Chief running mouth,George Soros!
this really needs media attention, the truth needs to be put out there! 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=557638157757871&id=415405165314505 …
Koch's spends millions to create a John Birch Society Bookstore so big you can never leave it, and you forget you're even in it.
@SenWarren
debate him...
Considering @SenWarren is bought and paid for by George Soros, this tweet is quite humorous. 

.
I'll take your Koch and raise you a Soros. 

.
Ohhhh... the Koch boogeyman!!!

.
Yes. Really. 

Why are moderate speakers not allowed on college campuses but people preaching leftist hate are allowed?

.
oh irony.
Silly @SenWarren!

I'm sure your #SugarDaddy, George Soros, who also spends millions doing the same, wants it that way!

#SystemIsRigged
GEORGE SOROS openly does same thing for Dem's
oil and gas money too.  I love it
I love the Koch's.  Wonderful. American success stories.   Really make you angry.  Huh !   Lol.
demoncrat party has been proven liars ,cheats,can't be trusted with Intel won't ever believe demoncrats again
the DNC silenced just as many people as the Koch's #JillNotHill
your candidate has wall Street and billionares so tell me what difference is there Washington is corrupt and doesn't care
he is full of s hit  It is out of Trump Class To Be There
good God woman. @HillaryClinton won't debate unless in her favor & does nothing but attack/undermine opposition. #JillNotHill
You mean like George Soros? SMH
What gives you the right to attack a private citizen? You are a servant. Act like one.
Boss Koch's a subversive trying to overthrow the government of the United States using paid for agents Ryan and McConnell.
not sure how secret , candidates travel to grovel at their feet assuring #KOCHinc they will fight climate leg.fight #BIGOIL leg.
go back to your TeePee
He's the leader of the corporate mafia. If he can't control it, it can't be. Of course the douchenozzle's worried!
- No mention of George Soros doing the same on the left? No? Didn't think so.
do you know he's a registered Democrat?
I hate you
let common sense libertarian party debate these two idiots and you will see the trump support fall and Hillary lose
well when there are 4 candidates but only two get to the debates because of "the rules" I wouldn't call that a open debate
You're attacking Charles Koch? The guy who is funding the mob boss you endorsed? Really?
says the woman who hates republicans debating/opposing her socialist ideas
ALEC must be exposed. Koch's long arm and influence on local policy / law through them is more damaging than even Trump would be.
I mean we're breathing his air right..????
a conservative billionaire who thinks his money makes him smarter than everyone..??? Go figure...
drag him
If he's not working sneakily behind the scenes he's complaining. Go figure...
please get rich money out of politics.government funds for all campaigns.
sounds like you have him confused with George Soros.
I hope the Koch's and others realize there is a God and He is watching. #Election2016
isn't that true for Soros too?
are you sure you're not talking about Soros?
As opposed to Soros funding Hillary?
He's right. Our "free and open society" is under assault by collectivist scum like yourself. #realtalk
he has donated to hillary's campaign!
You are knocking Koch but supporting Hillary who gets more campaign money from Wall Street and rich supporters, hypocrite.
Open debate is under attack by dark money. #CitizensUnited
he's so old. Be dead soon enough!
You should know. Elizabeth, you sold out to Hillary who doesn't debate anyone!
interesting that Charles Koch seems to like Hillary better than Trump. That tells you all you need to know about ruling elite.
Good point!
Dems vs GOP is not an open debate. Guarantee a spot for Green and Lib parties and we're talking.
The unfortunate reality is that the citizenry has allowed this to happen. One fine day we'll realize it and fight back.
secrets out now! @Koch_Industries
shutup.  You've lost all credibility.  Go carry Clinton's purse for her.  #jillnothill #Demexit #JillStein2016
Sorry to point this out, but the DNC shreds candidates and suppresses open debate as well.
people are just a consumable resource to people like the Kochs.
Fake Indian.
, certainly puts the phrase "that's rich" into perspective.
talk about the guy behind the curtain
You're aware that the biggest spenders in political campaigns almost all support Democrats, right? Of course you are...
Mr Koch is actually worried that his right to be duplicitous and hypocritical are both under attack! They are, and he should be!
If it's secret, how do you know about it?
If it's secret, how do you know about it? Also, why is this not a problem when Tom Steyer, George Soros, et al. do it? #hypocrisy
how about the illegal stifling of speech by WI DA? Please discuss Professor?
Debate @benshapiro on that @SenWarren
in KS where I live, not much open debate on ALEC bills copied and passed, ALEC really doesn't like debate at all
You're voting for Hillary? She is funded by GOLDMAN S. Have you no shame?
Call them out.
his open debate. Must get that clear
if its secretly how do you know?
I think this irony is lost on the deaf & dumb Congress & the duped majority that are hooked on endless propaganda!
with security briefings coming to Trump, shouldn't he be evaluated to see if he is fit to receive these briefings? #unfit
and your girlfriend Hillary  ???? No one is more corrupt then her
he likes his debates to happen behind closed doors with no attendance list revealed.
I need you to run for POTUS in 8 years.  We need your insight passion and dedication to the working class
Koch, as in Citizens United, worried about debate or fair elections, that's funny. @StopBigMoney 
and vote Hillary for POTUS!
is this a fucking joke? You're supporting a nominee who is gonna spend over a billion of 1% money doing exactly that. Hypocrite.
How come you never mention the Millions George Soros, Fred Eychaner, Michael Bloomberg, Paul Singer & Robert Mercer SPEND? #decoy
is a Hillary partner , right ?
Mother that's what I call you for what you stand for. We love you.
Blame The Koch's for your decision to sabotage Bernie Sanders -&- support Mephistopheles incarnate, Liz!
what a dick this koch
Hillary who secretly spent millions to shred Bernie & his supporters refused to debate Bernie-Hillary is a #DisgustingPig
i supported bernie but trumpy is a bigger digusting pig than hillary!!! And insane too!!! A Real mussolini!!! YUK!
yeah-I beg to differ-there is no bigger #DisgustingPig than Hillary-she's a #WarHawk with #BloodOnHerHands #ScareTacticsDontWork
i re beg to differ! U listen to too much ditto man and that conspiracy guy jones!!! Hillarys gonna take our guns right?? Lol
get one thing straight-I don't listen to anyone's opinion I'm smart enough to form my own-the Chappaqua Village Idiots my neighbor
the kochs r greedy selfish clowns who dont give a rats ass to those making under $1,000,000 per!!! They r scumbags even if rich!!
Dem establishment did not spend millions but did try to damage Bernie's movement. Is right or wrong a matter of size now?
Its pronounced Cock.
the dregs.
though which is worse, the brothers themselves or all their Koch-suckers?
sadly, monied elites have a lonnnng history of influencing our politics, starting in the colonial period.
2 challenge the #rightwingscum on their hypocrisies,inconsistencies,deceptions & LIES is a NEVERENDING task
Pray #voters get it.
You should know!
It's just that since Kansas has economically imploded, @ALEC_states needs a new bs talking point.
He can't really trust Trump, and thinks Bernie may have gotten into the DNC more than his liking.
- and he's a big fan of hillary.
No, he's just horrified by the prospect of a trump presidency.
- all the more reason to vote for the donald.  it is so sad to see liz shilling for hillary.
Welcome to the world of the Republicans
hit him hard Elizabeth.
Do you attack Soros?  Hypocrite
There's something ironic about that...let me think for a moment...
that's laughable! No...really I laughed!
it is, by him lol
