Not really, it is PR, nothing more. A step in the right direction would be a criminal investigation.
@umpquabank keeps telling me 'thanks' for signing up for overdraft protection when I never have signed up. This is the a scam too
Oh no! Would you mind DM us the best # to reach you at? We'll look into this ASAP to ensure your settings are how you want them!
I've already talked to you twice. once to say i didn't order this & then you did it again, so we talked again.
We apologize for the inconvenience! If you DM us the best # to reach you at we can hopefully resolve this once and for all!
you are a true hero to me.  i fight daily for the underdog on a local level, you making changes big time.  just love you!
can you go after that lady that accepted campaign contributions from firms like that Hillary person?
it so sad that none of that is a given!!!!
 keep on after these clowns/bullies/thieves, Senator. Keep shining that light!
Thank you for reminding us this is small and we have much more to do. We can celebrate, but we must get back to work. #99percent
who gets the $$ that he has to give back? We hear about signs being paid, but where does that money go?
f*** Wells Fargo
Love. You. So. Much. @SenWarren
& u know those 5300 workers were TRAINED in how 2 do the whole set up. That many people didnt pull the idea out of thin air
exactly correct !   only a step.....  go get 'em ms warren !
you deserve the Wonder Woman Award.  Great job!
do not let wells fargo cover their cost with high power lawyers they should pay out of own money. account & stock owners
its time for these type of people. I dont understand why no criminal charges have been brought up by justice dept & sec(stock}
this is amazing.  Justice in small amounts is better than none.  Now do Hillary.
A top SF law firm just filed a suit against Wells
can you go after that lady that gave herself 124 million before she left?
you're the coolest ever
.@SenWarren How does Wells Fargo have ANY customers? Why are they still in business?
Because they are the largest bank in the world.
you actually put one of these guys in jail. I'll buy you a beer. #NationalDrinkBeerDay
She is a legislator, you want some one in jail, get Lynch to do her job.
15 Million foreclosures... 2 voters each. Wells known 2 b using forged doc's and identity theft's easy to prove.
Your words are hollow. You didn't back #Sanders but campaign for a corporate backed criminal candidate. Not impressed. #GoGreen
Still not going to jail. Typical. Steal millions and retire. How can I get that deal?
blah blah
Thank you @SenWarren for your tenaciousness in bringing the real criminals to light since they take their actions for granted.
said I'm paying a car redraw money from account
also hopes this is one of your many steps in the right direction.
you are right ceo and ex kari need to be treated like criminals go to jail, personal fines if i did this i would be in jail.
stay on them E. W. 
make them pay. Now if they can stop giving all the money to the  government and rightfully return it to the citizens.
Hillary Clinton made hundreds of thousands accepting $$ from Goldman Sachs during crisis. Please claw that back as well. Thanks!
great job Senator!  Now if we can only get him to distribute among his employees?
No. nowhere near real accountability. How about forfeiting major assets and some jail time? Even at club fed.
Keep up the good work! Do not stop until criminal CEOs are behind bars. Real Jail, no country club minimum security BS either!
where can an old disabled woman and her veteran hubbie get help with losing their home,credit,savings also unfair pay at his work
Thank you Senator Warren. You made this IBEW 103 Boston Electrician proud to have voted for you.
We The People demand justice which includes prison time for these and all other financial industry criminals! #trumpertantrum
just another way of buying a way out.
@marcylauren Orange jump suits should be the ultimate outcome if justice truly exists.
all banks are shady. DTA (don't trust anybody)
But I do feel bad for the people who were fired.
goldman, jpmorgan ok?
Thank you, Senator!
you should resign, what did you do?
; And what has Warren been held accountable for. Just another political hack taking a victory lap---again
keep fighting for truth, fairness, and justice, warrior woman, and more will happen
- thanks for your work to expose this. Light is the best disinfectant.
Prison terms are in order.
Nowhere near what is touted in Vision & Values. Stumpf should resign.
where is #HillaryClinton accountability on illegal server, illegal bleached deletions, lying about #Benghazi , Russia has secrets
this is all the idiots jave.
Dig into their mortgage, Equity loans and Equity Lines and talk to me. What a mess you will find.
Keep up the great work!
& keep in mind, not one of these things is a "claw back"
Stumpf should pay back ALL $$ since 2013
keep up the good work please.  America needs you now more than ever.
we can't real expect democrats to produce justice you cant even close down an unconstitutional prison ...or jail badbankers
How much did Wells Fargo give Hillary?  If you road her plane, used her resources, you were fueled with the same money.
'road her plane'.  Nice work
workz in two wayz.
I won't cash this check until you tell me the coast is clear and it won't bounce 
execs make most of their money in options. So saying she won't exercise her options during the investigations is like saying
you did good keep up the good work
A person who vote for Hillary for President has no moral character. No idea of right and wrong.
