The country is on fire and there is no one to put it out.
Instead the impetus is to just keep pumping more oil onto the inferno and distract from actual problems.
I hope Trump voters r Happy as u can see - little guy in the rural areas/ rust belt r financially doomed by Trump cabinet picks.
true, and a man who doesn't pay taxes is no patriot. We are fortunate to have patriots like Warren fighting for us.
A MAN THAT DOSE NOT PAY TAXES HOW ABOUT THE WOMEN THAT DON'T PAY TAXES GET A LIFE MOVE ON
how about some grammar lessons? Putting everything in caps doesn't make you right.
This country has not been cap & POOR 
With THE DNC GROUP
is that even English? You can't spell, punctuate, or think.
Can spell TRUMP OR AMERICAN TRADE  RUSSIA
Geeez!!!!  STOP your whining and complaining.  Damn Women!
While Democrats were 100% responsible for the mortgage collapse.
@BillyT_202 The Grifter's Own Party, it seems.
I guess we should just let the Dems keep flushing us down the toilet? It's time for a change, all of you have done nothing! Crook
keep up the fight seems everyone else is in hiding except Bernie and you thank you #resist
Reverse Mtg should not be legal... it is self evident.  http://www.howwegotswindled.com 
WHY DON'T U MOVE TO CUBA U BED WETTER LIBERAL LOSER! !!!!
Ask your good friend Barney Frank about all of that
He saved jobs & cleaned up prior mgmts errors! Democrats had 8yrs to prosecute those who actually caused crisis but did nothing
He bought it "after" the crash. U need to focus instead on those who actually caused the crash!! He inherited someone else's mess
You are a liar. Go back to teaching kids.
Taxes, yes. But, TREASON for aiding an enemy to interfere with elections. That's what needs focus. Don't give up or look away.
Lizzy, you're such a hater, but I love you
Oops!
While Your Queen Tampers With Countries Forcing Immigrants Out And Onto Others At Cost Of Innocent Lives. https://themuslimissue.wordpress.com/2016/12/16/greece-muslim-viciously-beats-toddler-in-the-shower-at-migrant-camp-because-he-did-not-like-baths/ …
When will you liberals grow up and stop whining like a bunch of babies. Dems I know are laughing at you.
this is excellent information, but I fear those who need to know this most, r not mentally capable of understanding the threat.
we are in NC, and this Legis. Is working for the Koch Brothers ..help!
#expose and defund ALEC
Why mary jo white ,Goldman Sachs,Netflix Ponzi scheme looters not in Jail? Why Whistleblower destroyed by Fraud Eric Holder Gang?
Pathetic liar and Eric Holder turned DOJ into prostitutes of Wall St.Forced ALL state AG's to sign to strip rights to sue them
Almost 40% sounds like a statically significant number!
once a thief always a thief - DT is a master thief and wants the same kinds of people around him - God Help us.
Great!! Another one who made lots $ off the backs of those families who suffered hugely during the recession. "Position Denied."
@MAHAMOSA just the sort of work record to impress a creature like tRUMP
do something.
My mother-in-law lost her home in a reverse-mortgage in Florida; I don't recall the bank however she was taken advantage of.
.@SenWarren Just like with so many architects of Iraq war, there never seems to be a permanent price to be paid. Now back in power.
Mnuchin is a thief
Such high cheek bones....
SERVICED or UNDERWRITTEN? There is a difference.
fyi I am seeing a rise in foreclosures on reverse mortgages in the Denver, CO, area. Might be worth a study.
get over it the American people have said they are fed up with you dems
and Citigroup handed Obama a list of names that became his cabinet. You haven't said a thing about that. Hypocrite.
.

NOT SOON ENOUGH !!!!!!

.
U.S. Government was 100% responsible for not forgiving every foreclosure due to financial fraud. Faith no more.
Elisabeth Warren is a communist in her politics. She also swindled money for Native Americans to go to collage. Pay it back yet?
drain the swamp my ass. By the end of his term, all of DC will be a swamp
Deplorable

Why isn't @realDonaldTrump being charged with treason for his support of an aggressive foreign government?
Who he hasn't supported anyone yet, please learn about treason you came across not so smart.
Are you kidding me - he literally told them to hack Hillary's emails and he's pushing for a friendly relationship with them + denying report
what your point. It was the Democratic Party that allowed all the cheap mortgages to start with
WRONG - laws passed by republicans deregulating banks...  Read ever?
.@SenWarren MUST BE OK FOR LIBERALS TO DO IT NOT ANYONE ELSE** WARREN=HYPOCRITE
Someone save us, from this fate!
I and I alone will... well kinda me... no me and my bro putin
can you and our Democratic's ban drilling and help @NRDC before he goes.
you know who didn't  drain the swamp. He is actually going to fill it w more crocodiles.
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @TheDemocrats @ElectoralCollge Comments DT?
Those foreclosures involved the criminal activities of forgery and fraud. Why did 49 attorneys general make a cash settlement?
Could Trump's appointees be any more heartless?
we will be free when Obama leaves office for the first time in eight years.
I guess your in that LALA LAND WITH HIM YOU LOVE WHICHING HIS MOVE
Hilarious
Trump has now said he will not divest. This along with having every member of his family involved in affairs unprecedented.
awfull, but we are still letting @realDonaldTrump off the hook for no releasing his taxes, he needs more pressure.
Or hacking.

