Correction: #AllLivesMatter
to educate you

Cc: @SenWarren
When someone's practice is in clear contradiction w/ thr rhetoric thn u mst believe only what they do. BLM dangerous
tell me what they did not what faux @FoxNews tell you #BLM
I speak dirctly 2 BLM supporters & leaders. At ths point ths conversation is beyond ur pay grade. Blessings
b/c you cannot back your lies up.  Sorry you're such a divisive pastor spreading lies w/ no example #BLM
LOL... Here are several: Chicago; Ferguson; Baltimore; Detroit; Compton; Atlanta, New York. Do ur homework!
places where blacks were executed you mean?U have a job as a "pastor" to be a unifier & pray for d nation
Well yes. Your ancestors owned us and killed us with no regard. White people are evil
That's your problem.  Slavery is still with us and your attitude sustains the actions of other racists
THIS is exactly the rhetoric that incites black uprisings. Don't you realize YOU are the problem.
And you are contributing to the killing with your rhetoric!
We've also seen the sickening videos of GOOD Cops KILLED & Civil Unrest Tweets like this hve caused! Their Blood is on YOUR hands
make sure those killed get swift justice
This is the kind of rhetoric that has caused our police officers to be slaughtered. Stop the propaganda for political gain.
you are part of the problem. #disgusting
3400 plus murders have occurred in Chicago since Obama was elected. No one on the liberal side says one thing about that. Zilch!
#policelivesmatter too. These tragedies are only increased with blanket condemnation of law enforcement.
cause thats what's happening. You make excuses for police to kill US Citizens. The are supposed to protect
Cherry picking. But the problem with police abuse of law against us all is bad. They twist and bend laws, then lie about it.
smh.....just wow
We don't buy this working class hero bullshit Warren.You are the problem. http://goo.gl/BipHqI 
You can thank Democrats for that. Dems fought against civil rights. Repubs fought for them. Read up.
the Repub Party was formed for sole purpose of abolishing slavery. Stop buying revisionist history
Congrats. You've become the useful idiot the Dems have worked so hard to make you. Good luck in life
29 responses and you're still wrong. Kind of a troll aren't ya?
With few exceptions police involved are exonerated.  Remember Ferguson?
So who is protecting the police officers?  How many of them have been killed by criminals and BLM supporters?
STOP!
There's an FBI Report that shows KKK members on Police forces around the nation? Is that TRUE? There's organized CHAOS in USA!
a traffic stop in which the man was armed is not routine. The officer can be heard saying "I told him to get his hand off of it"
oh look another cop hater she'll be voted out
yep put fuel to the fire as a political stunt. Why don't you try acting like a mature adult for a change?
@HillaryClinton said to stop vilifying the police. You best do it
We've seen many videos of Americans of other races killed in traffic stops, too.  How about them too? This affects us all, ma'am.
#DallasPoliceShooting THIS SO SAD AND UNBELIEVABLE #I STAND WITH ALL WHO WERE HARMED#BLACK,WHITE,LATINO ETC WERE ALL MATTER
FOS
you have done a great job increasing the racial divide between Americans. Hope you sleep well at night, behind your secure walls
source is the @washingtonpost . what you have done is incite violence and 5 officers paid for it w lives
you demand we don't lump Muslims for actions of a few but are quick to condemn all police for actions of a few. #hypocrite
protect who/blacks aren't part of the original constitution & other founding papers of this country! We play
Watch the sickening video of white cop killed in planned attacks. This is what you & Hillary bring on by supporting BLM scum.
I am as much an American Indian as you are - stop being a liar.
.@SenWarren disgusting anti-cop tirade from liberal senator Warren a few hrs before cops shot in Dallas- @NAPOpolice #DallasPolice @FoxNews
.@SenWarren shame on you for stoking violence against cops. your anti-cop rants and nasty campaign language is a disgrace-just like Hillary
Happy now Warren?
well Lizzy-U demean police-calling them killers- brave men & women who protect us-give their lives--shame on you & your rhetoric
that's YOUR government doing it. Don't act like you aren't a part of the problem.
and we don't  hear a tweet from Trump! Pun intended .

BLACK LIVES MATTER..
@BactiveorBquiet enough !  #StopWarOnBlackAmerica #PoliceReform  thx u 4 speaking up @SenWarren
2x as many whites, compared to blacks, are killed by cops--even though whites commit only 10% of violent crime.
right on. It's time the US Department of Justice to put an end to this travesty!
@goprapebuster ..TY for your tweet, it is a dam shame that this has to happen! Racists continue to hate, Must change or no peace!
Racism or training. UK/Scandinavia require 3 YRS training at natl. police academy. US police training is 19 WKS! Training is key.
...what about "your Native American" kin Senator?  Not fighting to improve the res?  Not enough votes there? #Pandering
Law enforcement for profit!  This is what we get when ones go that route
@bayoumoonbeam97 #accountability
When can we expect you to introduce legislation which brings this ridiculousness to an end Senator?
now fucking do something about it
.@SenWarren #EndPoliceBrutality Now
#blacklivesmatter
We need to change the attitude of policing. Not all people of color are automatically a threat.
yep, & each & every time they were blameless. Returning library books, helping the elderly cross streets, having lemonade stands.
. Two wise ladies, please vote for Hillary! Love this post? TY for sharing!
cops need to get proper training. Being on the streets is not a f'ing game. It's real life, it's a loved one being killed. STOP!
4/21/2015Washingtontimes law enforcement killed more white in last 2yrs than any other race. Only minority create outrage!
We must end the militarization of police training, the 'us against them' mentality, return to 'serve and protect'.
We have, so what are we ALL going to do about it?
God you people are gullible! 
they shouldn't be above the law!
hold your opinion you wasn't there.   Buy some make-up
how hard is it to be compliant with the police? You don't fight them and they won't fight you!
We can stop silly traffic stops. Ultimately, a man is dead because of a broken taillight. These laws are not for our safety.
We have! And how has this system of systemic bias helped #blacklivesmatter become more than a hashtag. Accountability from all
Ban cops! It is your statement that they are as dangerous as their GUNS?
#ImWithCareless <--- Elizabeth warren
sharing a very very insightful perspective 
https://youtu.be/Us70DN2XSfM 
you need to stop talking you are only fueling the fire unless this is about votes in which case shame on you
- no no - the cops protect "everybody", but not "anybody". Everybody's good - anybody's bad.
cops don't protect, they only enforce the laws
there r also parents grieving 4 their children killed by illegals from sanctuary cities and u don't speak about that#KateSteinle
What does a lifelong criminal killing someone have to do w/ an officer sworn to uphold the law killing someone? Duh..!
that response is ignorant at best!!
Is it? Do you expect cops to murder people? You understand what a faulty comparison is, correct?
yesterdaythe senate refused 2take up Kate's law that would protect all Americans from illegals that's the point
how are you doing on the indigenous people affairs? Pandering does no good.
Thank you Senator Warren  fighting for all of us against the machines;but this cop/private prisons industry very disturbing
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @DanScavino @DiamondandSilk @IngrahamAngle
I didn't realize the investigations had been completed. Stop pandering before all the facts are out. You know better.
Every officer must wear a body camera (which is on), taser, no more guns. Psychological exam for ALL officers, this is epidemic.
can't prosecute Hilary for giving away top secret information to people who have no clearance,what chance do you against bad cops
we made progress in the 60's and 70's when as a whole nation our voices were heard;have regressed; its time again..screw the pigs
Per @GOP persons r to carry firearms per 2nd amd right- then police can't shoot them because they are armed. #PhilandoCastile
All of this makes me sick. STOP IT, PEOPLE!
Glad to see you're acting as judge and jury these days, Sacabullshita.
Yeah,good thing Ur supporting the one who NEVER thought of Blacks as"Super Predators"huh?& worked 2 make the laws that kills them
you're a woman who makes things happen, so get to work and make something happen to stop this, please
I've seen way more of black men beating/killing other black men.  Does that sicken you more or less?
check out the white ones
#BlackLivesLost #BlackSkinIsNotACrime thanks for your support!
And well keep seeing it and you all will keep texting. only 140 characters. Washington wont grow some balls so its pointless.
Black lives matter
