why not just bring down reg price? Both made on same production line. Just different packaging
What kind of repackaging can substantially reduce cost unless they are saying the bulk of cost is in packaging!
itsthe way they get away w/ rising prices when the patent is almost done. Done with asthma inhalers, ear drops, creams
Travesty is price increases cannot be justified - research is done, production is set, why?
Are you serious, in what capacity is Clinton controlling the FDA or Mylan?
I don’t engage in conspiracies. Take it someplace else where there’s willing ear. Have a good night.
"half the price" is still FIVE TIMES what it was priced when #Mylan started making them!
RIP Son.  Why are resources not available now. Read more https://josephdenicola.com/2016/08/28/outside-forces-clinton-gives-fda-approval-and-resources-to-mylan/ … we know.
An #EpiPen has about $1's worth of medicine in it. @SenWarren
Time was the difference for my son. It is quick delivery by design READ
I know EXACTLY what an #EpiPen does! I HAVE ONE! I nearly DIED when I was young. I'm lucky. @cblazina @SenWarren
Big Pharma needs to be brought under govmt control, I.e. bidding for drugs as for VA drugs, to get reasonable prices.
there should be a investigation into this company  and her ties to her congressmen  daddy smells bad across the board
The fact that Mylan might actually make more money per generic EpiPen than the brand name due to discounts makes mockery of it.
RIP Son.  Why are resources not available now. Read more https://josephdenicola.com/2016/08/28/outside-forces-clinton-gives-fda-approval-and-resources-to-mylan/ … we know.
@55andwhat agreed! And why is there no competition on the market? Is it a proprietary formula?
- Geez, again I agree with you.  I must be losing it!  @bigmouthpol
So will cost $300 ea! I need 2 to 3 yr to have car/purse/home I NEED Epinephrine Shot b/c will DIE if Stung by Bee or Wasp, etc.
and last, I wonder if they intend to cut the price by having it produced abroad. Lots of questions in need of an answer.
Additionally, it raises legitimate concerns into the legislation allowing Mylan to hold a virtual monopoly over the product.
The Bad PR should make Pharma Co's think about price gouging older meds
1/2 price is still to much.
When you raise the price 600% of something, it's kind of not much a sacrifice to mark it down 50%. Was $1. Then $6. Now only $3!
Exactly. News glossed over the sleight-of-hand here
20 some odd years of big GOV... Mam how has that worked? Pls just get gov out of our life your rich enough your. Worth 14 mill.
Please get a documentary about  how the Republicans screwed this Pres. They have  passed no jobs bills, shut down the Govt.

- For once #Pokahauntus you are Absolutely Correct, 100% Spot On! - #NoHillary -  VOTE FOR #TRUMP
Even the Generic is up 300%, WTF is wrong with you.?
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2016/09/01/492235796/fda-fees-on-industry-havent-fixed-delays-in-generic-drug-approvals … this may be the  problem
"Because every second counts" is Mylan's motto; printed on my Rx box! Really?
I agree with you!
the CEO is greedy and thinks she needs 19 million dollars a year at the expense of people's lives.

ya mylans CEO is sen Manchins daughter!!! We know what side the theives are on
bandaid for the epipen. How about a single payer system with a cutthroat public negotiator like every other frickin' country
get Rx for epinephrine ($6-$20)and have pharmacy pre-load syringes. Keep in fridge. Stick it to epi-pen where it hurts. $$$$$$$$$
True that! It's nonsense! Generic in what way? Same med, same delivery system.
my take its pure greed single paying health system she will not be able to charge 500 prue greed
You take money from Big Pharmaceuticals you hypocrite.
Even at half price Mylan is making an obscene profit.
The fragmented funding of prescriptions in the US is the direct cause of predatory pricing by big Pharma.
it's simple, govt involvement is the problem. Everything govt touches becomes more expensive: healthcare, education...ect. thanks
it should cost little to nothing!  No resesrch is needed and no marketing
when will politicians fight the real war on drugs by going after pharmaceutical companies? They are the real drug cartels.
this was all a scam from the start. All they should be charged
Why are Epipens going for as little as $100 apiece in Canada and Great Britain while Americans get gouged?
the other thing is, generic medication - as you surely know - isn't necessarily suitable for all.
I don't know what's going on with that: my guess would be that the generic one may be subject to less safety tests. Watch out.
what about the price of insulin? I have seen the price go up 10 fold in a decade. It's a price fixing oligarchy.
Pls change the law in schools. Now they need ONE for EACH student in need instead of one set for all that could be in need.
the responsibility of CITIZENS is both Congress and the Senate responsibility. Y do you guys 4sake your duties? #AbolishCongress
why do you guys in the Senate and Congress allow companies to do this? Do you need political platforms that bad?
Greed, greed, greed & the bottom line continue to bring pain to so many! Who said that the love of money is the root of all evil?
maybe if she gave less money to hillary
uh, Mylan is a producer of generic drugs and they're marketing the pen as a generic?  Generic generic drug. Is that a thing? :-)
The drug companies need a wake up call. Over pricing medication when it costs a few dollars to make is disgraceful
crooked continues in the DEM family! NICE!
it cost 3$ to make those pens. Go get them!!!
Congress needs to find a way to limit profits from long time meds and control CEO $$$$
half price is a simple marketing ploy. They think people will be happy with 50% off the 400% increase.
it should be noted that the generic at $300 will still be twice what they were charging for the brand before the increases...
a fake concession to pressure. And won't get prescribed, because generic won't qualify for patient asst programs for OOP costs
.@SenWarren
American citizens  push back pharmaceutical companies taking advantage of sick people vote out those who sides drug companies .
they should reduce the price of the EpiPen to $99 as in 2007. Greedy big Pharma needs to be put in check.
If you backed #BernieSanders this would not he an issue. Traitor to all Social Democrats. Supporting #CrookedHillary #Shame
...aaaand they donated to hrc.
Please promote permitting medicare to negotiate with pharmaceutical companies for better prices!
Call the Dollar Shave Club guys. They figured it out.
@MarilynnePryor My first reaction was: "Oh. They're going to sell them singly, instead of in 2-packs?"
they are crooks, and some pharma are murders. They need to be held accountable. Not fines, jail time!!
And that generic *only* because they got called out for their brazen money grab...thanks for your efforts to bring this to light!
Not because of big-pharma entirely.  Everyone even Congress wants a piece of this pie.
They claim that most of us don't pay out-of-pocket (making it OK?)
I had to pay $1092.89 for 2 2-packs this year for my 7-yo. Ugh
you voted for Obamacare and now worry about prices?liberal politicians are so pathetic
this is not a joke,Dave purdy of Timothy Ray brown foundation does Wall Street insider trading 
Stop it.
I have 2 grandchildren whose life depend on epi pens. Keep calling them out. The ridiculous price raises the cost of insurance.
drug is cheap and public domain. Patent is only on the injector. $300 for a syringe. Mylan = criminals
It seems that all so called Name Brand Medications are over priced. Even the generic are costly. Insurance Co's push OTC Med's1st
They are making available the exact same pen for half the price? How is that even legal??? 1pen (or twin pack), 2prices? #scam
@kimmie8264 We love you Sen.Warren.
according to WaPo they admitted that consumers weren't the target, insurers were. Who pays insurers? Consumers!
Exactly.
you can't do anything, corporates are more powerful they dictate law, twist government's arm, squeeze public like ants!
absolutely right! No reason for prices to go that high for an established product except pure greed.
"Intellectual property" for the win- promoting profit, not progress. #capitalism #everythingsForSale #butMyMoney #whatMoralLimits
generic price of $300. Still way too high since it was $59 back in 2004? Not cool - greedy bastards should be slapped
A total sham!  Instead of 100 to 600 we have 100 to 300.
Thought Obamacare was suppose to take care of this. Another lie from the Democrats.
Let this be an emblem or case study for the untenable practices of healthcare pricing in general. It's ideal as a precedent.
Take the profit out of healthcare. Single payer system now.
Exactly!
The other issue will be insurance companies that will not allow generic substitutions.
Even at half the price, the cost is still excessive for someone who depends on this. It is a life saving necessity.
Criminal behavior!
All they will do is change the label
@HABS_Lifer this is absolute rape by Mylan ... Stockholders better scramble
it seemed like a planed marketing strategy.  I see it advertised everywhere "we just cut our price in half. Scam
i
the lock on Epinephrine has long since passed. the #FDA is partially responsible for not approving new generic pens to compete.
True but the $300 price tag of the generic version is still outrageous. A business can make a profit but not via piracy.
How about transparency in drug pricing?  Break out manufacture, transport, advertising, lobbying, patent fees to others, etc.
and how lazy people are that they don't go get a syringe and the medicine for 15 bucks from a pharmacy and  do it themselves
slay them queen
The compensation & perks packages of drug company executives & MARKETING need to be investigated..ADVERTISING.
TV programming is flooded with expensive commercials that drive drug prices up.
Half price is still $300, way too much for life saving meds.
#Congress rarely misses opportunity 2 #capitalize on a #monopoly THEY created. #USGovt is nothing more than PR machine 4 crooks.
@Donna_West understanding is they cost less than 3.00 too make  why are the public charged so much congress needs too step in
http://urbanmilwaukee.com/pressrelease/wisconsin-state-legislature-part-of-scheme-to-help-drug-corporation-price-gouge-for-epipen/ …
I remember buying them for $35-$50 and thinking they were overpriced. We should investigate their margin on the product
Dr's don't know other epinephrine auto-injectors on market. This one cost me $10 thru my insurance @SenWarren
another good example of why we should let Medicare negotiate drug prices with the pharma companies. I
@MissLynnetteH and even half the price is too much for a generic epi pen. It costs so little to make.
Exactly, it is crazy.
I definitely agree, but we also need to investigate once these EpiPens leave Mylan into the hands of pharmacies (1 of 2)
what is the additional up charging the pharmacies apply to this product onto the consumer? We need to look at all costs & players
Clinton Foundation gave them the go-ahead!
Someone has to pay for all the ads they run. Almost as many as the politicians.
What happens if it is discovered that the real cost to make an EpiPen is less than 20USD, medicine included?
Especially when Mylan didn't pay to develop the drug.
We need price controls put into place for these life and death products that have over 653,000 of our citizens filing bankruptcy
Buy pruct from Canada.
There are limits how much AMERICANS are prepared to be screwed by MYLAN and many other pharmaceuticals'
As long as the generics are widely available, I can't see a reason to buy the branded EpiPens. The market should adjust downward.
Right?  Seems like shooting themselves in the foot while proving their prices are excessive.
@JakobWildster Talk to fellow Deomcrat Joe Manchin about it Senator. Gov't healthcare doesn't work
Need to examine what uncompetitive economic circumstances enable such high prices.
@ceejayoz ... and all other branded pharmaceuticals.
Isn't there an alternative generic for Epipen? There are 30 plus cereal choices, and only ONE Epipen. Where is the competition?
This is a blatant example of why we need universal healthcare. No one balks at $1,000 MRIs that they are indirectly paying for
the generic version should be a dollar
Still not acceptable for Mylan. It costs $1.00 their cost.
This is precisely why the health service should be a monopoly consumer on patients' behalves, like the NHS is in the UK
Single payer would be a huge step forward.
The problem is that the government doesn't negotiate drug prices.
Seems Mylan raised the EpiPen price to $600 IN ORDER TO price the generic one at $300. Generics at 3x the price is no concession.
we need to stop the greed by big pharma.
Even with a "generic" version there'll still be a monopoly & overpricing. Profits first; lives second. #BigPharma lives on!
generic version will somehow be inferior and will cause us to "need" original which insurance will no longer cover. #irony?
This shows that healthcare CAN be cheaper period. It also shows that only public outrage can move the needle. Fighting for eve...
@jacktodd46 why brining out a generic version ... Just don't be excessive on the real brand !
It's branding - like Lexus v. Toyota.  Some people will pay more for the brand & the company is entitled to the premium price.
@HazePraze Or as it's more commonly known, capitalism and the free market in action.
For parents with children who need these & can't afford them, I think it's just called getting screwed.
It is, which is why Capitalism & free market come up w/a cheaper solution when the cost gets too out of whack.
So comforting to those parents and kids, I'm sure. Too bad Reagan isn't around to bust another Monopoly.
Want to know abt the CEO's selling 10% of her shares before price change.
Generic $300 what kind of a bargain is that? Price of name brand should be $300, generic $50!
Canada would not put up with this!
1/2 price is still pricey. These pens save lives.!
So at 1/2 the price it is $150  for something that cost a few $ to Make! If that much to make!
clearly they compute the same way DJT does.  His name adds 100% to value, eh?
we need to find the cost of making these things...and decide how much of a mark up a human life is worth.  It's a cruel question
even at $300still too much. Unbelievable wrong.. go get em
the generic is overpriced as well.
gotta get the fancy name brand epipens my nigga
USA pays highest prices for Medicare prescriptions while other nations negotiate prices? Congress bought & paid for by Big Pharm?
who's doing the thinking on that board! I call for investors to sell their shares buy elsewhere but not Mylan
These things cost about $1.00 to make. Nail them.
tell the truth while others feed us lies!
And in Canada http://www.12newsnow.com/news/the-deeply-discounted-canadian-price-on-epipens/310769987 …
.@SenWarren Epi-Pen = development funded with taxpayer $$s in 1970s; now source of corporate price-gouging.
Canada sells it for less than $400.  Canada sells it for $12.
US is about greed!
I've been waiting 2 years for a judicial hearing on my disability onset date. How about talking about the lack of judges.
Whats the cost of these pens in other countries? I will bet less than $300.00
The generic cost is still criminal. @SenWarren
They're all crooked they enrich their greedy wallets while rest of us starve in the streets. It's not right.
It also illustrates the absurdity of allowing the primary manufacturer to also make the generic version.
it's beyond time we shld look into pharma!Their drug pricing 4 proprietary drugs is arbitrary.
It's got Shkreli written all over it, but with less personal douchiness...
That's still way too much money. Greedy woman.
she didn't say it was ok she just stating the facts!
I meant Mylan. I'm happy to have the Senator looking out for us.
I agree with you whole heartedly!
