are you gay also? You look like it.
Asking  @SenWarren if she is guy, adding "you look it" is very weird. Unless one is a Trump fan.  Then it's normal. Sadly.
is that you misspelling a word?
Sorry you continue to reflect hate, Micki. Talking smack is not honoring your "faith." It's sick. Trump-like sick
2A and 4A is also the 'law of the land' but that doesn't seem to be slowing you down.
Yoko Ono admitted to having an affair with Hillary Clinton. We knew she supported LGBT members. We NEVER knew she WAS one.
you know who still desperately need govt protections? Unborn children. I don't see you giving a crap about them.
we have an approaching $20,000 Billion Debt! This is the kind of things you worry about and not our kids and grandkids. Shameful!
no its not. It is not constitutional that a court ruling be law.
BULLING, A PROUD AMERICAN TRADITION
Republicans hate the core 3 rights of Americans: Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness. 
And they hate privacy too.
why does everything have to be about these perverts?
really? In what way?
I support you on this. Especially in employment it needs to be implemented.
@SenWarren
Examining Black Loyalty to Democrats https://youtu.be/xryXpK042pQ  via @YouTube
Law of the Land my ass Most go by Religious Moral Beliefs not some shit head propagandizing people
That's right we need more laws, more laws, more laws, more laws.  That is the Democrat way.   How about enforcing Immigration law
Too bad #CrookedHillary doesn't feel that way. She threw them under the bus when a radical islamist shot up The Pulse,muslims 1st
show us the law you ignorant socialist! Show us the law!
.@SenWarren you are certifiably crazy!! Regardless of politics, ur as  inappropriate as the other nutjobs Hillary and Pelosi
I was an early supporter of you. However you have shown yourself to be all talk no action. How can you sell out to Clinton.
Tell me how they're? People don't care if you're gay anymore. Maybe you should use your energy to fight Crooked Hillary.
Will we ever fight international wars over LBGT rights?
I'm female,true blonde & french/heard every joke possible been picked on/so where is my entitlements?/I'm a minority/fair is fair
Using the term desperately is just a little bit of an overstatement
u may wanna tell that to ur lying bff- 
Clinton flipflop…..
Israel supports freedom of religion, or no religion, LGBT rights, and women's rights
.@SenWarren #ImWithHer #Hillary
tell that to bill and hillary: marriage act of 96. Most unequal policy passed for LGBT
It wasn't voted on by the people. The people voted against it, EVEN IN CA! Law of the land by dictators! YOU forgot your job!
there was a terrorist attack in France and a coup d'etat in turkey both loyal allies. We got better things to worry about rn
@Olliecj2009 tell it like it is Liz
@LandeMagic Warren you LIE LIE LIE
they don't need rights based on who they like to have sex with
You are giving protection to everyone but white people. Your party has went bat shit crazy and I will NEVER vote for DEMS again!
you cannot legislate hearts.  Positive experiences with others are the method of achieving equality.
#LGBT You'll be glad to know Trump fought to have discrimination law changed to include LGBT 15 yrs ago-Took out full page add
The Dodd-Frank Act never extended the Fair Housing Act to protect LGBT Americans and #POTUS made no effort on that front, too!
you back ? miss u on Twitter
not ok to discrim, but is it fundamentally ok to  penalize 135k someone for their beliefs? It's a 2-way street mam.
hi Larry  if the belief in question reinforces discriminatory practices against LGBTQ peoples, I'd say absolutely.
yo Sam - beliefs aside, are we not fundamentally talking about discriminating between two opposing beliefs?
get government out of marriage.
So is misrepresenting your race on an application for a teaching job...ever think about that Pocahontas?
Unfortunately if we judge by the timeline of race equality, we're still 62 years out and counting from any relief...
thank you Ms. Warren for being a champion for our cause.
Legislation won't change people's attitudes. Let the free market handle discrimination. Boycott those who discriminate!
@SenWarren
federal this, federal that, federal way too much in this country. Stop adding to it
you mean to force religious ppl to abide your rule? You understand youre a hypocrite & a sellout just like Bernie #SellOutSanders
but that would be going against free speech
@SenWarren @johnny3Ko
bye Liz!  Best of luck with Hilz!  #DemExit #ImWithJill
you want them to be a protected class with extra rights and privileges.
Blacks know that feeling, Mexicans, Native Americans, Asians & Muslim . Anyone who doesn't have white skin or conform is put out
--powerful in #IN like #Pence surely won't protect #LGBT - too busy w gov-forced religion & gay-bashing w state laws
see #PurviPatel (jailed for #feticide); Discrim-based #RFRA & then pretend discrim concern in #hea1337 to obstruct abortion
- inverted #RFRA #hea1337, #feticide - #Pence &c INVERT sensible laws to target, even jail, those meant to be protected
SENATE CAN MAKE ALL THE LAWS THEY WANT,WE WILL NOT PRACTICE THOSE RACIST HATEFUL CORRUPT DANGEROUS DIVIDING US LAWS, GAME OVER
Everybody just wants to WHINE about how "mistreated" they are! GROW UP!
discrimination is a horrible problem in general for the US. Fight the cause ... Ignorance and Fear
--#INGOP bigot platform now talking 2nd attempt on state constitutional ban on same-sex marriage
you are pandering again. When will this stop?
Too bad Hillary supported DOMA right up until she started her latest run to be President. She will say anything, but do nothing.
Tell them to get a gun for protection. Its a constitutional right. Ridiculous. Laws don't change the minds & views people have.
we desperately need protection from H as Prez.
@slk2286 @SenWarren
