So you essentially agree with her doctrine though not her lifestyle.
Hahaha you must be brainwashed.
Do you plan to stick up for Democrats after Bernie Sanders offensive words?
I am dumping this party. It is being hijacked by a socialist who despises us. I'm out.
I'm staying in my Party.  But if Dems think populism isn't dangerous in this country, they missed the election.
staying in war party? think killer Clinton wasn't danger in M.E. &beyond!! No more #HillarysWars
Ah go fuck yourself.
What about Social Security, Medicare...
@neeratanden @CFPB If ever you want to set yourself just on Republicans who control the entire government, now would be the time.
Trumps transition team is full of corrupt GOPe.. they took it over.. it's chaotic. Conway, Reince need to go
Trump's Campaign "manager" is leaking Romney as his pick stirring up a hornet's nest with Putin.. tell her to stop it WWIII
Why would I represent a moron who let's banks like WF rip them off as if we don't live in a mostly free market with alternatives
Cities and towns need to divest from banks that received bail-out funds and support local credit unions.
we the middle class will b destroyed
Our working families are screwed b/c of Dodd Frank.. You don't have all the answers that's why you have 100 in the Senate
Amen!
Ok.. I'll support that if you Block Mitt Romney as Secretary of State if he is appointed stupidly by Trump.. Rather see Corker
If you support the family, why do try so hard to destroy it?
apparently 2008 is no longer in their memories.
As surv spouse/mom4 @USArmy Vet my home sold by @DeptVetAffairs w/o due p. Judge stayed on @BofA_News @CFPB What r  our options?
Bill Clinton &  25 other People to Blame for the Financial Crisis not GOP Dems Fannie Mae/Bernie Mac HUD
We cannot have that happen
CFPB will be one of 1st to disappear.Ur  not suprised Trump represents giant banks are u?
so they will be representing Hillary Clinton?
you supported big banks during the election, hypocrite
if you're so smart Poca, why has mortgage availability for average people dried up ON YOUR WATCH? #draintheswamp
But that's 100% wrong. Regs accomplish virtually nothing and cost is passed directly on to consumers.
@JonathanCohn @CFPB  When Wells Fargo opens fake accounts for their customers & ruins their credit, they can blame Trump.
Elections have consequences. Crooked media
is that why you aligned w HRC whose failed campaign was funded by wall st and foreign countries?
guess what Republicans out number everything , so shut ur big mouth
Typical attacks from Warren & Democrats. Next they will call all Republicans racist. These people R sick
Didn't you take money from those same banks?
@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton Foreclosures are very profitable, get that rabble out of their houses and into car living.
@realDonaldTrump The big banks want a return to the good old days when bad loans were bundled and rated AAA by rubber stamp
@realDonaldTrump GOP passes out hats in the Republican conference "Heil Hatler"
We the People http://won.You  the communists lost. You cant dictate anything anymore Pocahontas. Cry baby bitches. No compassion
Working  famlies? Not many of those left thanks to Progressive job killing policies.
Thank you @SenWarren #LetsGetToWork
Like Hillary who took all their campaign donations?
this US Senator forgets we want banks strong. This rhetoric will give DJT 70MM in 2020. How dumb can she be?
Dems need to reclaim working class mantle. Need  mktg to show what CFBP  has done for regular ppl.
The only difference between the parties nowadays is the social rhetoric. Economically and environmentally, they're the same
Gonna be honest, if Hillary was elected, she'd probably have done that too.
@marcorubio Majority of US might believe Congress doesn't care - they supported Trump didn't they? FL vote Rubio...
you got it EW...
LIAR LIAR! You supported #CorruptHillary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYa3Q4NUYPM … & now u support #GeorgeSoros
Says Pocahontas, who secretly met today with the billionaire hedge fund Jew @georgesoros!
PLEASE !!!!!!!
when did you ever care about average American families? We voted Trump!
@petehaws @CFPB Elizabeth, you represent big banks and elitist. Stop it, just stop it with this holier than everyone else crap!
yo. you really playing guitar? what kind, acoustic or electric
let's break them up, glass Steagel maybe, too big to fail is too big to supervise. board needs to be personal accountable
I'll agree with the cfpb but has to be aimed at the big banks over $100billion. Community and regional need relief to live
@neeratanden @CFPB even when I read warrens tweets I can hear her bitching
@MiMi1PokerDiva @CFPB As if you all were  gonna give us a tax break
Those poor serfs who voted for #DJT thought they were going to get a tax break..not happening folks!He lied again
Good thing Jamie Dimon did not have home email server?? @CNBC
narrow minded you are
So sorry the hard work of all cited here is under threat. But my family & I thank you.
You are not the end all go to for most of the country, we know a phony when we see one! Indian my ass!!
you need to be able to separate a decent idea from poor implementation.
Fauxcahontis lies again! i work in banking and you are actually making it harder on the everyday banking consumer!
@TeeTweetsHere @CFPB I Believe It #SenWarren!!
Sadly, in Trumpland, no one cares.
You got that fucking right Liz! Battle on wall st is here to stay. Money and power belongs to the PEOPLE!
@brianbeutler @CFPB Who will be doing the loud and clear declaring?
You are one crazy squaw. The CFPB is a failure like all government overreach
You mean like your gal represented big banks per your & Bernies words?
There's not one shred of evidence that the people in power, as of Jan, give a damn about working families.
TY, Senator Warren
CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU MUST REMAIN-saved citizens 82 million dollars to date
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cid=N00000019&cycle=Career …
i just dont get it. Seems like we're heading in the wrong direction.  @SenSanders  #smartregulation hurts no one
needs to be reduced, has overreached into businesses and become too burdensome. Lenders need less regs to #lend money.
Yet, you supported HRC who received over 900k in campaign donations from Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan Chase?
@Criticalanglez @CFPB You should have thought of the consequences of your cowardly late support of Hillary. Hard work for naught.
@damonbethea1 @CFPB And we know how Wells Fargo went. Hey Republicans how's that working out for w
But where does @SenWarren funding come from? $800k to $14m? http://elizabethwarrenwiki.org/income-and-net-worth/ … add @CFPB to the donor list.... #Politics
I don't know much about them, how do they serve the working poor rather than big banks?
We know that already, don't we? @eileenambrose @CFPB
. @SenWarren @CFPB Please listen @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
I loved when you roasted Wells Fargo CEO keep doing you girl 
actually it's u that sound scared.
spell out who they are make a list tell us
plus million women March in Jan.we can never stop fighting for justice
working families should invest in big banks if that's the case
stand. Y the working class not banks . Take a stand and win the vote back !
Please continue to fight to protect consumers. Don't allow Trump admin to repeal Dodd Frank.
Oh, why didn't you run for president?
Can't wait til Trump is in office. You need to be accountable #SorosProtests
Sack of shit Michael Moore wants to "form an opposition movement" controlled by billionaire elitist George Soros' MoveOn. 
@PrisonPlanet go back to 2014 Cathie Marie.
Who will be tenacious bulldog special prosecutor investigating Comey/Chafetz conspiracy to alter Presidential election?
Recent bank regulation, at the end of the day, benefits mega banks.  Low-moderate income folks are the ones who lose.
You are a fraud, just yelling about nothing! When the time came, you showed true colors by endorsing the corporatist !
your giant bank candidate lost
Dodd-Frank and associated regulations are killing Community Banks AND the people they serve. Maybe by design?
and will be voted out
You had your chance to Back the anti Bank/wall st, Bernie. But you picked the the one that was in bed with them all,Hillary
He's already talking abt repealing the Dodd-Frank Act. That's means sub-prime loans that cause massive foreclosures.
@onlxn @CFPB same with the @FCC
WE will be in the fight with you @elizabethforma !! Count me in!! #KeepTheCFPB! <3
Hey Pocahontas, the new Donald Trump Republican Party is who represents the working families. WAKE UP.
- are  you back to normal again.  no more hillary.  promise.
and I know you'll stand up for us, Senator Warren!
your up against cronyism, racist, greedy people. the FLEECE has begun, do what you can with social media, the HEBREWS
Lizzy stop the crap, no one ever supported the Banks more than Liar Hillary. Your tweet like you is nonsense pandering
"Elections have consequences!"
it's like that State Farm commercial when that guy says I can't believe this is happening. "Oh it's happening Sweetheart!"
#GNP is #GOP "FUEL TO BE CRUEL" marching is cool but witholding your #Money from #GOP IS MORE POWERFUL strangle the CASHFLO
nobody Votes matter as we all can see clearly AMERICA wanted Hillary yet we're stuck with TRump ELECTORAL COLLEGE SUCKS
i love you
and if they do vote to weaken...they must GO!
Gotta find a way to get the word out to rural America. Seems the only listen to Fox.
Fox fuels fact deniers purposely big$ in that Media should be responsible r be a reality show can't be both
. Stop the EC vote and investigate the election.  Foreigners in the white house.
Shut up for awhile
Electoral College Members should Invoke their Faithless Elector Law Vote against Trump! Please RT and sign petition.
NO AMERICA DON'T SPEND 

#GNP

#GETNOPROFIT

STRANGLE BIG BUSINESSES WHO ARE #REPUBLICANS ONLY BUY WHAT YOU NEED TO SURVIVE
Nobody trusts you. shut up
hey Pocahontas tell that to the Nasty WOWMEN that just got sent packing,
Working middle class out here busting our butts to survive! While these upper percenters looking down smirking. Tax laws?
Yeah, we kinda already know that to be true of a lot of them. I don't see how shaming the shameless is an effective tactic
I wonder if even good guys like you and Bernie fully comprehend how utterly abandoned and powerless people like me feel
@DanRodricks @CFPB they will, this administration is going to castrate the middle class
And would this surprise you? You mean to tell us they care more about their donors?
working families first
That's fine Sen. But as we clearly see, "conscience" & "shame" are lacking. We're relying on our representatives.  Step up.
She brought Wells Fargo to its knees & CEO resigned with no comp pkg! She's killing it! Give her some credit!
Killing it? Hardly. WF is far from being on it's knees, CEO isn't suffering. Actions not tweets.
You apparently did watch the commission. Maybe you should. They lost a lot of customers. A lot!
Yes, I "did" watch the commission.  Stop assuming, respect the viewpoint and get informed.
I agree, but we need a lot more from you now than this tweet
yes yes exactly
thankyou for speaking up for working class folks!
promise a filibuster, loudly, now
