#NoBillNoBreak

Quit the divisiveness & work with Rs. You must watch this:
Greta Van Susteren Nailed It Tonight in Heartfelt Message: “I’m Disappointed In Our Leaders” | http://republicbuzz.com/greta-van-susteren-nailed-it-tonight-in-heartfelt-message-im-disappointed-in-our-leaders …
A fool and his money are soon parted; you cannot protect a fool from himself.
#paulryan is running a scam #gop #Enough
sen you think good I like you
The House GOP has the collective intelligence of a rabid dog; economic sense of a slug; compassion of Attila!
CFPB needs to be weakened!  CFPB writes oppressive rules that harms the little guy Pocohontas claims to protect.
@amazonbooks oh dear...you believe this bunk?
Thank you for standing up for fake Indian descendants everywhere!
Warren’s great-great-great grandmother O.C. Sarah Smith, is said to be Cherokee in an 1894 marriage license app
It doesn't sound like she games the system? If I said I was white cause my distant ancestor was, I'd be lying.
Why would she lie about it? To me it seems her mom & grandma said she was so she believed it.
Because you get on the minority listing of faculty in a prestigious university. Can't tell me that's no benefit.
I get it but the person who hired her said it didn't make a difference. I guess you know more than him though...
IF anything this issue hurt her in 2012 & even now. But, it still didn't stop her from being a US Senator.Did it?
It didn't stop her, you're right. Anyhow, you seem like a reasonable guy. I wish you the best, and no hard feelings
@sevenbowie @HouseGOP @CFPB Your faux pas vis-a-vis the phone was endearing ;)
Pay attention to the man behind the curtain!!!!
#WizardofOz
We need to protect the public, enforce regulation, increase taxes on Wall St.
HAPPY BIRTGDAY 'E-Dub'!!#Turn up! ;-)
Elizabeth is the kind who would blame the other woman for her husband's affair; blame the borrower not the lender
@naenae82575 @HouseGOP @CFPB Another #POTUS veto? #NoBillNoBreak
who are the fuck are you do I know the fuck are you no I do not know the fuck are you
keep fighting big banks and Wall Street !
SEN. WARREN KEEP THE HEAT MOVING FORWARD DON'T GIVE UP OR GIVE IN.
Thank you for Telling us the truth.  Everything is voted on and THEN we find out as Citizen.  #allcrooked
who told u that I know u did not figure that out on ur own to many big words
At least your numbers look good.
Love yur stuff, but this will be incompehensible 2 the masses who
are ignorant abt economics-Twitter a bad place 4 such messages!
Is this a good-bye present for Debbie Wasserman Schultz?
Thanks for all ur efforts working to better the lives of average (and all) Americans!
Fauxfaux is absolutely nuts. No doubt why she had 2 pretend she was someone else 2 get into Harrrvyard.
Republican GOP is so selfish and lack Christian values.
keep up the pressure @SenWarren
didn't @DWStweets, the head of your party, vote with the GOP on that bill?
politics is a dirty business affairs indeed. Wolves disguised as sheep...
So I imagine DWS will be voting in favor of it, then.
9f course it does. Gotta keep those donors happy.
ha more sideway lies
@SenWarren @HouseGOP @CFPB
What else does it do?
how many houses did you flip this week?
watching as a Realtor of 25 years
@SenWarren @HouseGOP @CFPB
hmm, didn't DWS support those predatory lenders??
ah, no. Really, it doesn't.
Republicans are the craftsmen of ruination, want to dismantle democracy & setup a theocratic, feudalistic State.
Vote Warren out of office next election. #Trump2016 #Neverevercrookedkillary
- surely Hillary supports it then
@PoliticalGaffe @HouseGOP @CFPB Two-faced much?
@TheXclass @HouseGOP @CFPB We must stop this...It's the LEAST we can do. Repeat: The LEAST we can do.
yall all suck #feelthebern
so how did u make your fortune?OH that's right the stock market and flipping homes. What a waist of a senate seat
where does DWS stand on this bill? Interesting
How about all  Hillarys contributions from big banks and wall street, could you tweet about that sometime #MAGA
payday lending should be abolished, banned. With a proper pay scale people should not need payday lending.
Remember when Wall Street tried to take over the government? @antiwar1984  remembers. And now you back their cand
Can you please go after nutty Donald MORE? He's such a hypocrite! ARGH
fight the power
Sellout.
