Let them eat coal. "Elections have consequences."
as trump campaigned that he'd help miners guess another lie wow I'm surprised says no one
He isn't even in the WH. Sheesh. LOL President loser still is.
the orange clown is still fucking shit up.
Deal with it. He's gonna be the President. Hildabeast is history. LOL go to your crying room.
when trumpy fucking things up and he already is we'll be the ones laughing.
Hillary had 30 years to resolve !
they don't care
for my father & mother retired miners & thousands of families 
Time for you to step up and get Donald on the case to make it right!
Love ya Elizabeth but you need to make it known in every way you can that it's the Republicans in congress doing this!
@fight4women sorry they voted for trump now they reap the goods of their choice
Didn't care about them when Hillary was promising to put them out of work. ObamaCare is a cancer you and the democrats created.
hi how are nice met you
remind me which party miners supported during the election… #ugh #lolgop
yeah, Democrats should really just let them go fuck themselves.
I disagree. We should show up and do our jobs for our constituents. ;)
I agree that is how it should work, but I meant it's tempting to let them screw themselves
Republicans in Washington could care less as long as TAXPAYERS pay theirs!
if those same congressmen were to loose their benefits & wages it would b a diff story!
WARREN: I think Hillary Clinton is terrific CLINTON: I want to put coal miners out of business. Don't forget
and they will join the millions w/o insurance - we need universal heath care for all - no excuses  - no lip service #DemExit
so why didn't you fight to keep them out of office ??
Miners or Minors? both need insurance, of course...
GOP does not care. They are too busy trying to deny Russian interference in election. Just gotta love that turtle McConnell.
no one leaves till its done
please don't hesitate to sit down with President Trump and ask for some help. It's time for less talk and more action. Be nice
If congress goes home they shouldn't get paid. Why don't you propose that?
Now the Dems care about the miners and the working class again suddenly. Go figure.
yet another failure and set of lies by congress.  and yet another group of Americans left out in the cold.
STOP the BS! @POTUS Closed down the mines that left the miners & their families unemployed!
Obama  wants to get rid of mining period,  why are you taking up on the issue  of.  This is why you liberals lost the rust-belt
It is  NOT a US TAXPAYER expense, to provide healthcare for coal miners. Sorry, they need to pay their own care, like all of us.
but you supported HRC and enviros who wanted to put them out of work. HYPOCRITE AND liar.  We know Dems don't care about them
Should have endorsed Bernie. Then maybe this wouldn't be happening.
Since when do you give a Crap about miners?
If the miners don't stop voting for R's, their SS will be gone next.
We Republicans, and especially the Tweeting Prez, just love those minors. Bringing this jobs back and all.
do what you can to prevent that!!
You are the biggest fraud, hypocrite in Washington! People aren't buying your act anymore or that of your pals!
Congress is always at home do you really work.
help them.
Congressional Santa "clause", divert tax funds to Wall St.
I think that is there plan.
exactly and they don't care
:you and your Obama administration should've thought of that years ago!
Their getting what they voted for.
This squaw speak with forked tongue.
U.S. citizens R Soooooooo over this ole "shut down gov't trick" regularly..as they enjoy all fruits from our taxes = same ole
not to mention the Supreme Court vacancy.  #deplorable
wish I could find out how many of those miners voted GOP. This country is getting what it deserves, elections have consequences.
@realDonaldTrump IS GOING TO HANG THEM OUT TO DRY IN THE WIND! HE GOT WHAT HE WANTED! HIS BUCKET LIST IS COMPLETE!
Problem is, when Congress acts in 2017, 20+ millions more will lose their insurance. #SorryMitch #CantHaveItBothWays
that's what they do, vacations are more important
Ironic you care about miner's losing health insurance but said nothing when Hillary was threatening to do away with their jobs!
They can line up at Trump towers while their there. They can get some insurance for that black lung they will aquire.
I run a WV job board to help miners find jobs. Do some research on who you accuse of what
Unconscionable ... but then so is a very large contingent of the Congress who is elected by and to be representing the miners.
These people voted for Trump, now they will need to see what that vote will now bring to them. Got played so they deal with it! @SenWarren
I thought ISIS or alghaede will attacks USA but Trump is doing it.
Didn't the miners want a Republican in the WH? Not to be mean, but they asked for it. Isn't the Rep Cong. the ones who don't care
keep up fight!!!!
then congress can donate next years salary to them.  This is not right.  We're not doing good here in the real world.  Help us!
You focusing on specific group of union people... I don't care about miners they have unions... What about me?
@raelandrews Guess you shoulda fucking backed Bernie, huh Liz????
Why isn't @realDonaldTrump jumping in to save these minors pensions!   #hypocrite.
@mfore0142 I wonder how many of those voted for Trump. All of them! Enjoy him!
of course they probably voted for trumo
let their crooked union make good on their pensions, not the taxpayer. Another reason to resist union representation.
It's a Democratic Senator from West VA who is  blocking the passing of this bill. Talk to him.
HRC wanted that to happen.
#grouper #CoalMiners how does it feel to be molested by the orange man
perhaps the congress needs to lose its pensions and medical insurance
But isn't Trump going to make America great again for them?  Please keep up the great work you do.
plesse rebuke @HillaryClinton stay in Washington do your job and apologize to President Elect #TrumpPresident  before Jan 20th
#TrumpSuckers they thought #GropinFuher & @GOP cared abt coal miners ? Nah.
Big surprise they don't care about coal miners.
@veggie64_leslie unacceptable.
What do they care,they R taken care of, by us, 4 the rest of their live.They don't know desperation or empathy. Greed rules them.
GOP's their candidates! They didn't listen to President Obama! He actually told them what would happen! Miners how U doing now?
@Roxy4080 The GOP & Trump Played You For Your Votes & Screwed You AGAIN. When Will YOU Wake Up?
@stockguy61 Why do we keep reelecting these same idiots? Still GOP control. Oh wait. We didn't. Gerrymandering=stuck with them.
won't Obamacare allow them to keep their doctors and have affordable insurance  oh wait we were lied to about that
and @realDonaldTrump promised coal jobs & people will be tired of wining! this is how much he cares! And no this is not "wining"!
who knows if there is any truth to this
What about this bit the Republicans slipped in to let Mattis serve? I vote hold up until that's out.
they will blame dems for it, and praise GOP if it passes, i say let the GOP rescue them and see what happens
the GOP is a bunch of sick bastards !!!!
Where were u as Obama was shutting down the mines Solar fraud co $500 mil Finding a way for clean coal 0.0 While u sat on ur ass
. A must to accept Obama's Supreme Court choice!
have you not realized that thousands have already lost jobs because of you and Obama's regulations and laws?
they should not be getting insurance from the federal gov in the first place
Irresponsible!
Coal mine wkrs most likely 2 vote 4 GOP Congress & mine owners most likely 2 fund those who want 2 cancel their ins. Dilemmas...
Sorry, but they voted for Trump, for lies and for hate mongering. They can reap what they sowed
tell the president elect
@denisesaturn When they lose insurance please go and tell them who fought against them
Republicans let the mining companies run away with the pension money, then the miners voted Republican. It's what they ordered.
I lost my healthcare coverage - well I pay $500 a mo for insurance but it doesn't cover -- thanks to your actions.
What did she do to cause you to lose your health insurance?
Where is Obama and his pen for another executive order!?
Do you really think the millionaire congress cares.  People count on those pensions through life.  They earned them!
Don't you want to end the entire coal mining industry all together?
I was a underground miner for 20 years, I do not want anything from you....EVER!!!
keep up The good fight, Senator!
the miners believed every lie that 
.@realDonaldTrump pitched to them.
what does the Senate Majority Leader from coal mining KY say?
I am sad to say, they asked for it. #oops
Reached out to Senator Nelson, but no response. Can you explain why taxpayers are paying for this instead of company?
Good stuff E. Doomsday Is just weeks away. Your glass is always half empty. Your going This for the money aren't you

Bourgeoisie ass capitalist.
Trump said he was going to put them back to work, maybe this is his way of doing it.
But, but the Republicans & Trumpy are FOR the coal miners! And the miners bought into it hook, line & sinker.
#LearnPropaganda is when you are persuaded by lies to act against your interests
They wanted a change/boy R they getting it
congress has an obligation and uphold the small security it promised the union miners. Mid term elections
congress doesn't care about the ppl they r supposed to represent, they only care about their party
.@SenWarren It's good of you to fight for them but I'm thinking maybe learning from their Trump mistake is the only way they will wake up.
Hate to sound cold but maybe they will wake up & understand the consequences of their vote. Or maybe they will just blame Obama
Liz love you but these folks voted for and brought us Trump-they get what they voted for
unlike u Mrs. Warren they know they hav a check coming and they could care less about those folks!its why ppl f ing voted 4 him
Coal workers overwhelmingly supported #gop in this election just goes to show no matter your party @SenWarren  has all our backs #warren2020
You should Know this by now. THEY don't Care about anyone but themselves.
@FriendEden100 @SenWarren TYPICAL REPUBLICANS. AS LONG AS THIEY CAN FILL THEIR GUTS AND POCKETS THEY WILL SCREW THEIR VOTERS
Go Sir!
Do you think republicans care?,they got what they wanted support from miners,but they won't support the miners pension plan,SAD!
get your butt to work.
Chief Bullshit Moonbat say, liberal shutdown coal, hate coal, wreck sky, fake global warming, as I freeze in T-pee.  EPA Law sux
@whitedogl I remember a lot of miners in WV, watching the news I saw them rally for Trump, I feel sorry they for them.
and you have known this for how long and are just now bringing it up?If youwasnt out with clinton U n @POTUS could have been !
Moonbat Feathers Sitting In Bullshit Says "not Trump fault, still Obama Administration black man must fix for red Indian"
they don't care and I bet most those miners voted REPUBLICAN
How do we fix this, Senator?
@odeedee
glad someone in govt is working the rest are ? Making sure they get their pay and benefits thanks sen warren for working hard
sleeping Poco you are to late to care
Watch as Trump gives all of you lemmings buyer's remorse...Ask Chuck Jones
I'm just not at the point where I can give a crap about people who didn't give a crap about others.  Not saying i wont get there,
but im just not there now.  These are people the over whelmingly voted to actually cause harm to others, and expect those others
to jump to their aid.  Im just not there.  Im sure ill get there eventually.  Maybe when i get over their slap in the face.
i just don think its going to be anytime soon.  Those horrible back breaking jobs could have morphed into above ground healthy
jobs, but they chose imaginary fear and hatred.  Now we, the majority of Americans, live in actual fear because of their hatred.
so, yeah, im just not there yet.  When you tell people you hate them, eventually they start hating you back.  Its what causes
the hatred we experience from terrorists.  I think they need to put up some good faith effort before ill care about them again.
when they prove they want to be inclusive with all americans, then ill care about them again.  After all we ARE stronger together
Thank you Liz for fighting the good fight. We need your's and Bernie's leadership
@CNN @steelworkers @FoxNews  Typical of GOP, turn back and hide. Don’t care about anybody but the rich. Can’t keep promises
congress primarily repubs. This is what repubs want. Incoming regime will do worse.
They voted for Trump and GOP. Ask them how they like them now
Where's @realDonaldTrump w this going down? Oh right, hate tweeting blue collar #ChuckJones. Congrats deplorables on your "win"
don't worry the Republicans are in charge now @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls
How do you say filibuster..?
good luckWithThat WithAllThe Dems Who r up 4ReelectionIn2018 theyre NotAbt2Go againstWhat RepWant
Repubs will be running away from Trump to save their asses mid term but it will be too late.
@KellyannePolls we'll just have to see, they also said Trump would neverWin over&over &Over again
wat abt social security!!!
Fight Warren!!!!
the repubs are in charge. Nobody cares about the working man any more.
They always go home without acting. We haven't been getting our money's worth in a long time, especially the last eight years.
yes but they voted for GOP and trump
such a disgrace! Special interest needs are met but who cares about folks with no voice.
@RandPaul these are you constituents.  You work for these people.  Do right by them.
Never understand why government people are always rushing to do things at the last minute!!  Never done like that in business
I think Paul Ryan is looking to strip us all of our benefits. Medicare Medicaid SS
Most of these coal miners voted for the very same party that is denying them health insurance. So, little sympathy.
Thank you SenWarren for making sure you inform us how many workers in the U.S. need help-will our new leader have understanding?
wait for it...'they'will blame it all on Pres. Obama. Fake stories still abound to everyones detriment.
@LisaKBromley I guess Trump will save them.
GOP probably considers that a getting an early start..
Glad to see you fight for them. Would have been less of a problem if they didn't vote Trump.
where is Trump now when the miners need him?
Trump is too busy doing his victory lap, he doesn't give a shit about the miners, their usefulness is done.
#GOP baby! 
Like the treaties with Native Americans, they have no honor, promises mean little if $ isn't involved
ugh, and they don't need a chunk of coal for Xmas but Congress might.
but @realDonaldTrump said "Mission Accomplished" he saved 700 jobs, wiped his hands and went back to the big Apple.
they already went home
