Welp, the GOP is just fine with racism now.
Stop crying racism your Warren LIED about her indian heritage
Delete yourself
I would reply with more facts but I don't want to be sued for your play-doh therapy bill
Do you not realize how different the parties are now from when the 13th-15th Amendments were ratified?
Just as I'm sure the GOP would have you believe they weren't obstructionist for the past 8 years.
For the sake of fairness and justice stop this confirmation
miss sessions desegregated Alabama schools and got death penalty for KKK murderer! Please research :)
you research - it's Mr not Miss
OK not being mean.  But look him up, he sued to desegregate Alabama schools and got death penalty KKK leader, he no bigot
how can we fight this?
You can always try to brainwash more people like the schools do
Your such a effin Hypocrite Liz.Let me tell you how America is thinking about dems right now. Were not listening
how much research did you have to do to dig up this propaganda? 
You hate on anyone who isn't a liberal!
except these non-liberals that she just applauded and praised for being against racism. You're blinded by ignorant rage.
there is no rage here. The rage is obvi on your side even though your guy has been in office for 8 years!
for you to claim I'm a Dem just because I call out bigotry, shows how intolerant u are of people who disagree. You hate them.
so are you not a dem? 
Be honest.
not at all
didn't your party you stuck up for want to play the jewish card against Bernie what gall what stupidity & hate
five years ago Hillary Clinton and Obama were against gay marriage
#elizabethwarren Who's the deplorables,  who's the corrupted & u complain about Trump this is all the democrats
Stop catering to the radical left. You know that @SenatorSessions is neither racist nor hateful. Stop projecting.
If he has this record, expose it and I will support!
Get over it, HiLIARy lost. Stop playing games.  Do you not know how much of a fool you looked like yesterday?
Wasn't Dem Byrd a LEADER of KKK?
: if you weren't so corrupt you might've won with Bernie. Your teeth have been pulled
Dr. Overstreet, you shouldn't be promoting views of leftists like Warren.
I follow Jesus' teachings, so I stand against racism. I endorse truth, love, & equality wherever I find it.
Leftists constantly lie about these things; false accusations. Christian scholars so disappointing this election.
What a spectacular generalization. LEFT BAD. LEFT LIES. RIGHT: GOOOOOD.
Strawman. Such lies are leftist tactic a la S. Alinsky. Warren lied about her ancestry for career gain. THAT'S racist
@talktojhill says the wicked witch of the west.
wonder if you noticed what you said too. THIRTY YEARS AGO! LONG TIME AGO! MUCH HAS CHANGED
he sued for desegregate Alabama schools and got death penalty for KKK leader! Hypocrisy dems are racist #MAGA
and 67 years ago you were born in a teepee......oh wait
why do people like  you make up things, exaggerate things, and cause confusion?
Liar! Sessions never admitted NOR any evidence of such, in fact he helped people of color.
@JeremyCShipp @SenatorSessions Times have changed. Hate and racists are fashionable. He's going to be approved. We are doomed.
Please take a moment to review Sessions record . It will relieve your anxiety.
where is your tolerance and understanding oh right that only applies to others dems illegals and criminals
@jojofythat @SenatorSessions Let's do it again #USSenate No #KeeblerElves in trumps cabinet!
30 years ago you weren't an Indian. Today, you are?
30 years ago he "joked". Lordy, 30 years ago, you weren't an Indian, were you?
@ArtHauntsMe @SenatorSessions and they should reject him today, an old dog does not change, once a racist always a racist
They should have rejected you 30 yrs ago. What have you contributed to our society? Mayhem, racism, lies, LIAR!
same applies to you as you hate President-elect with passion. So you are Mrs. Hate
@marcylauren Let the church say, Amen!
he's IN we the ppl approve and our REPUBLICAN REPRESENTATIVES HAVE THE POWER OF MAJORITY
http://www.weeklystandard.com/in-alabama-jeff-sessions-desegregated-schools-and-got-the-death-penalty-for-kkk-murderer/article/2005461 …
geez lizzy have you no morals. You lied to screw over an Indian to go to Harvard. Libs are scum.#maga
Sessions is very good man. Holder and Lynch very race biased and unlawful. Rule of Law much better with #Trump.
But now the loonies have taken over the asylum so hold on to your hat.
Sessions is a good man.We won you lost. Shut up. We reject your socialism and hate. Go Away
Also these Generals are HORRIFIC! U.S. will be charged with crimes against humanity with them
Heard he calls his black assistant 'boy' sometimes too. DON'T approve him, if possible! He'd be a DISASTER!
for your education Liz http://www.weeklystandard.com/in-alabama-jeff-sessions-desegregated-schools-and-got-the-death-penalty-for-kkk-murderer/article/2005461 …
.
The hypocrisy of liberal left cannot be covered by faux outrage, no matter how many bony fists are shaken.
.
.
Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-HELL) KILLED a woman and was forgiven by the Senate, where he became "The Liberal Lion."
.
Even if true Sen. Sessions spoke rashly, why is he not forgiven as was confessed 10 year Klansman Sen. Byrd?
30 years ago, you lied about being Cherokee to get a job. You are still a liar. I am Cherokee, you are not. @senwarren @senatorsessions
.@SenWarren  In Alabama, Jeff Sessions Desegregated Schools and Got the Death Penalty for KKK Head--http://www.weeklystandard.com/in-alabama-jeff-sessions-desegregated-schools-and-got-the-death-penalty-for-kkk-head/article/2005461#.WC96wZXE0Mc.twitter …
.@SenWarren  Tucker Carlson Destroys Roll Call Columnist  Jonathan Allen Who Calls Jeff Sessions Racist [VIDEO]--
The Pictures of Jeff Sessions They Don’t Want You To See. http://theresurgent.com/seriously-trump-the-pictures-of-jeff-sessions-they-dont-want-you-to-see/ …
remind me again of the revered Robert Byrd. KKK recruiter cum democrat icon
no negotiation with hate = you
<--- proven liar, only a fool would believe a word that comes out of her mouth. @SenatorSessions
and not even 30 yrs ago HRC was against gay marriage. People change.
he also approved funding for AIDS, so absurd and hateful, right?
yeah so giving Rosa Parks Congressional Gold Medal was racist, stop spreading the hate.
You are evil! Look at Sessions record, what he's accomplished. He's not racist & his work proves it! #SessionsAG
@Kierr31 @SenatorSessions Faux-ka-hantus...you are a boorish windbag

LOVE WATCHING THIS HACK SWEAT SO MUCH OVER #PresidentElectTrump  So desperate. 
in your liberal regressive world if you don't like them call them racist.
Warren scammed Affirmative Action programs at minorities expense. #draintheswamp #maga #Fauxcohontas
And Warren is on record lying about being Native American using it to further homer own career. She is racist.
have you actually looked at this mans background and what he has done ? Didn't think so hint way more than you
you should know
20 years ago HRC made racist & anti LGBT statements. 2 weeks ago you wanted her to be President. Relevance?
A lot has changed in 30 years dear
Liz, it seems you embrace racism and ply your trade in hate. Sessions is an honorable servant of the People.
You the democratic party is a racist party!  look at your history!
you gotta be kidding me...No racism?  No hate? Then you leftsts STOP pulling your worn out race and hate cards!
30 years ago give me a break Warren.  When will you admit to practicing law with out a license.

The word #RACISM is dead thanks 2 Democrat leaders! We r all called racist now days, like #deplorables -word has lost power! #Desensitized
That was 30 years ago.  Elections have consequences. 
And later the only witness they could cite was convicted of bribery and fraud. So there's that.

there are just as many demos that are racial look at jackson or sharpton.clean your own backyard first
oh get over it dig further back to get the total truth ignorance is all I keep hearing
correct the democrat controlled senate was promoting racism and divisiveness
Don't tell me, tell Joe Manchin and Heidi Heitkamp.
How does it feel to be completely wrong ALL of the time? How did you get elected?
Sessions is not a racist! You're a damn liar, and you're a fraud. Fake Indian.
This coming from a woman that pandering and lies about being a Native American?? = Rich!
@KyDems No surprise here.
Racism is PRETENDING to be Native American for profit/benefits. Prove me wrong, Pocahontas.
I will pay for your DNA test as long as I can be there to watch you take it. My husband IS Nez Perce. Well?
I think you should take a DNA test through http://Ancestry.com  It will validate YOUR claims or disprove them
And people who were there said it was just Democratic politics as usual .... hate, false racism.
you are most hate filled person i have ever see that holds office. You need to go. Your influence only evil.
WHO WOULD BELIEVE YOU? U LIED ABOUT YOUR RACE SO U COULD GET AHEAD. U R NOT RED, U R WHITE AS THE DRIVEN SNOW
R U JUST STUPID. SEN SESSIONS INTERGRATED SCHOOLS IN ALABAMA, GOT A KKK GUY CONVICTED DEATH 4 HANGING A BLACK
"Lied to get into Harvard"
using #FakeNews:  @SenatorSessions prosecuted the #KKK an arm of @TheDemocrats http://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvespa/2016/11/18/impeach-spawn-of-satan-jeff-sessions-actually-took-on-the-kkk-and-desegregated-schools-n2247704 … @HouseDemocrats #MAGA
It's you that hates, Warren. Dr Alvedo King just stated stop playing the "race card". Mr Sessions is not racist!
@dee_lunche @SenatorSessions Liz Warren, do you support Keith Ellison, member of Nation of Islam, for DNC chair? SPLC hate group
@dee_lunche @SenatorSessions You failed to say as US Atty, Sen Sessions prosecuted a KKK leader & won the death penalty for him
THIRTY YEARS AGO, OMG. Is that's what meant by 'grasping at straws'?
If you look at @SenatorSessions record of AG in Alabama, proves your a Liar Pochahontas
stop acting so holier then thou. You stood with and supported HRC who's mentor HEADED the KKK
So where was your outrage at Dem Sen Byrd, whom was the head of the KKK, you only look for the worse in rivals
Lizzy, you committed racism when you donned sheel's clothing as an Indian at Harvard. Ferme La  Bouche @SenWarren @SenatorSessions
Sessions is a wonderful man & great senator.  U could learn a lot from him! He will easily get confirmed!
sigh! Americans do not be fooled by the lies of @SenWarren @TheDemocrats and @CNN
@Slipstickguy @SenatorSessions Trump is filling White House with racists & billionaires buying our democracy!How can America stop
You lost cause YOU and your scrapheap party is done. Wait till 2018 when Dems slip further into mediocrity
maybe if he checked the Native American box 30yrs ago he would've got the job
Democrats are such hypocrites. Bill & Hillary association to KKK Robert Byrd
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Fg3XNTMzNo …
in my state of Alabama he prosecuted the KKK and fought to desegregate.
erm, it seems @SenatorSessions prosecuted the KKK: please confirm
30 years ago you claimed to be an indian for special treatment. Apparently we should never forget that
30 years ago Hating Whitey was still what passed for civil rights. Today, not so much.
He will remove corruption out of justice dept.. just thr right person to lead justice dept..
Liz~
You are such a #Dweeb
We Must See~
"WHAT PPL SAID"
YOU were SAYING & DOING~
30 YEARS AGO !
~GetBackToYou
Your a shame to the citizens of your state & this country
And you just go on lying, lying,lying like Hillary. It's your fault she lost!
and you weren't there!  Nobody cares what you think! #draintheswamp
Moved mountains desegregating
schools! Locked up KKK.your followers can look it up! LIAR! Your Spouting Hate! 
for southern Alabama not Supreme Court. Funny how that wasn't specified!  You Lib Dems are running scared!
ONLY DEMOCRATICS CAN PREACH HATE!
chill, Fuaxcohantas, you are a huge part of the problem
an yet you have no problems with Obama picking an ex BLACK PANTHER RADICAL for ATTY GENERAL  more liberal BS
Warren From the Cherokee Nation we Disavow you. tsinatlanoháli adayasdi nihi. Your Heart is fouled.
grand dragon KKK senator Byrd can "change" but noone else can right you fake ass indian
30 yrs ago?? What's wrong with you lady? Are you trying to say that you are perfect? That you haven't grown
2. Or changed in the last 30 yrs? That's what life is about. Growing, changing, learning. If he said something
3. 30 yrs ago he has to be held accountable for if today? Ok, so with that same logic, shouldn't he be given
4. Credit for the good things he's done? Or do those not count? I don't know about you but I'm certainly not the
5. Same person I was 30 yrs ago. I've forgotten a lot too but  quite certain someone could remember something I
6. Might have said along the way that would be horrific if it were to be found now.  I'm not the same anymore
7. Because life happens...we grow we change....But if you are the first perfect person I'd love to meet you....
@HEINSLERJAN @SenatorSessions then talk to me. Put your money where your mouth is or shut up!
@HEINSLERJAN @SenatorSessions shut up! Give up 13.5 million of your money and keep what will still have you way ahead of most.
Sen Sessions was a great pick.
@WhitfordBradley @SenatorSessions 30 yrs ago, the GOP was a different animal.
get over yourself Queen of the #SnowFlakes 
#WeWonYouLost 

#Deplorables #DrainTheSwamp in #Landslide
What is wrong with you Goofy? Jeff Sessions is NO racist. Get over it, Hillary lost. It's Trump's world now
Sessions is a racist and an idiot.
@SenWarren @SenatorSessions
Is this supposed to make you look better?  Him look bad?  What is the point?
that seems pretty racist to steal a position that could have gon to a Native American for your own selfish gain
did you ever apologize to the Cherokee nation for pretending to be Native American to further your career?
just retire already.
How many years ago did you pretend to be Native American to get a position at Harvard?
Elizabeth (fake Indian) Warren will make sure decline of the Democratic Party continues w/her hateful rhetoric!
next thing you know she'll want to scalpall Republicans
desegregated schools in AL - and got death penalty for Klansman. He didn't lie about being Cherokee
which was a bunch of lies. #HillaryLost
If you'd nominated a non-criminal, likable, trustworthy candidate, your feelings might matter. But now they don't.
nuclear option
