Many hard working people at Wells Fargo who your blanket rhetoric negatively impacts. Stop and think about that please.
committing fraud doesnt mean more laws will stop it since it was illegal to start with.
All of this while my mom in hospital dying!  Cruel assholes.  Hope they all get screwed! Keep going!
DIVEST... We can bank where we choose local credit union, not support banks & corps by boycott...We have POWER use IT
Go away you speak with forked toungue. No longer credible amount deplorable women.
one step forward six steps back
Of course they do, thieves don't like locks & alarms.
You r strangling business , new admin will unleash shackles & hiring will start again!
Like watching a train wreck in progress...you can't avert your eyes even knowing what is about to happen.
but....you already know that you shit-for-brains.
wells fargo scandal was due to a horrible sales culture/leadership. Not necessarily financial rules.
Why do you care? Serious question. You jumped into bed with Hillary.
Yeah! People screaming "Lock her up" should instead try locking up some of these Gordon Gecko sleazebags!
#Lock her up
#Inexcusable 2 Million fake accounts, 5300 employees FIRED! They did nothing when learned of depth of fraud!
Of course he does!
incident was so minor/isolated vs what other big banks did in '08 yet you crucify them. FYI Wells didn't contribute to '08 mess.
obviously didn't learn from what they just went through! @CNNMoney
sure he will get it...checks and balances should be gone soon.  The swamp is filling back in...
Of cost they do!They & Bk of Amer-worst offenders before & during the Mortg Meltdown.Don't believe a word
#warren2020
-- Imagine that. -- #sarcasm --
They foreclosed on my parent's home and told me that my grandma was not dead-that I was lying.
Thank heavens you’re in the Senate @SenWarren because the next 4 years are going to be hell on earth with Thugicans controlling everything!!
Fresh off of defrauding customers, @WellsFargo’s new CEO wants Congress to weaken the financial rules. http://money.cnn.com/2016/12/06/investing/wells-fargo-trump-regulation-tim-sloan/index.html …
@Plantflowes @WellsFargo @CNNMoney Everytime we blink, taxpayers get stuffed in favor of big banks and big money
Horrible indeed!!what are we to do?new admin will give them what they want.so sad
@m_millsey @WellsFargo @CNNMoney What could go wrong?
Who's going to individual homeowners & telling them gopers took their homes? Emphatically and continuously? @SenWarren @MAHAMOSA @WellsFargo
are they serious?
my question is how is it he still in charge of WF and not in JAIL!  A guy steals a candy bar is shot to death, but this guy free?
so they can commit more crimes? They are still committing crimes, they have no conscience, greed is #1
remember GREED will trample anything, anywhere at anytime... go get the Senator we love you
and he will get his wish...unfortunately
Never trust you kid's college money to your state's 529 if administered by Wells Fargo either.  Huge fees.
you should know about defrauding
Billionaires have no conscience.  We need you Senator Warren to fight them and let us know how we can help.
that's so weird
this guy is such crap
Keep them honest, transparent, and held to the law Sen. Warren. These banks owe us, the American Tax Payer.
No, fuck that, pour on more regs before they crash the econ again.
JUST ANNOUNCED !

ANOTHER GREAT PICK AND FIERCE EPA CRITIC !

WAY-TO-GO MISTER TRUMP !!

.
It's the same old same old.  LOTS should have gone to prison during financial crisis---just maybe set examples, curbed excesses.
Those  vultures should be in prison!!!!!
I bet they do! Is that their idea of a joke? I stand by you, Senator Warren!
Make them pay back their bailout if they don't want to do right by the American people!
Don't let it happen! FIGHT
they sound like petulant teenagers."I don't want any rules!"
Of course he does. My God.

STOP these abusive companies now.
Close you accounts at @WellsFargo now!
Only action they will acknowledge
well with Trump in charge they will get it..this is no longer a country of people, it is a country of money
there's no jail time for him ? His approved policies ruined career, lives of young bankers  (emplys of Wells Fargo )
absolutely lift all regulations so we can go into full crisis mode!  Big mistake
they are the lowest form of banking.  Their customers should immediately withdraw and close their accounts
get your teeth out dizzy chew a new hole
This is all so pathetic I will bank at home, they don't pay good dividends ANYWAY!!!
Even when cong. & fed. agencies fail consumers, we can still vote with our wallets, 24-7/365.
people with accounts,should withdraw all of their money let these assholes go under,they don't care abt U!
@CNNMoneyAnd apparently they will do trump say this is the firts think he is going to do
Maybe Trumpenführer will reward him with a cabinet post!
SURPRISED?!  THERE IS NO CURE FOR PATHOLOGICAL GREED.  WE MUST VIGILANTLY HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE.
Too bad!
We Now Need Double regulation for banks that have Cheated the American people time and time again.
I can close my account.  What else can we do as citizens?  Most of us are truly screwed.
how about the rules governing minority scholarships that u and Harvard ignored?
Yes! Isn't that what you are all about?
sad right imagine that one
After what WF did, if anyone does business with WF, they are idiots and deserve what they get.
business as normal
WTF!
Give a man a gun and he will rob a bank..give him a bank and he will rob the world.
You rock MS  Warren
fined 185 million and they gave their scapegoat 125 million to leave. They must have made a fortune
If found guilty their assets should be stripped and used to reimburse the customers impacted by the fraud. end
Actually, I will go one further. Anyone VP level or above that knew of the fraud should be in court. 1/
Trump might as well sign Carol King's "You've got a friend" to Wells Fargo
They ate my bank (First Interstate of AZ) years ago. I'm not feeling obliged to stay with them now.
Because deregulating the banks worked so well For G. W. Bush. I hope we all still remember how that ended.
Of course he does, this is going to be the most corrupt federal government on record.
There's billions in the swamp.
and trump will help him achieve this. Say "goodbye"  for trump's promise to help "the people"
I am pulling money out of Wells Fargo and moving to smaller bank with conservative lending practices.
,  so what did you expect. These greedy people want money and blood.
Thank God we still have You Elizabeth!
Wells Fargo defrauded millions of customers, and now want Congress to make it easier to keep scamming. No shame...
Because less regulation worked really well. Look at how the average citizen benefited in 2008.
People don't have to be Wells Fargo customers. There are lots of other banks.
even better, go to a credit union, especially a local one that needs your business and helps community.
this makes me so angry
And so it begins....
Of course! Because they've been so trustworthy. 
how do we help you? I took my money out of Wells Fargo what else can we do to help?
only because they think it should be legal to lie, cheat steal and defraud their customers.
Because banks do so well when nobody's watching!!!! LOLOLOLOL
The regulations that are going to be lifted under Trump and co are going to be interesting/horrifying to see.
I will ask again. Why aren't Stumpf and Co. in jail?
So does Republican Congress and the President.
of course he does they hired the same type of person that just left
He didn't steal enough money yet.
Why hasn't he been massively fined?
