More than half are there that should not bee as they ar way too old.
what!? Didn't they just get back from a nearly 2 month vacation?  Give back your salaries or do your jobs.
There's no doubt congress is corrupted, more time off, do nothings, pandering overpaid, blah, blah, blah.
I guess that is the Better way he is constantly bragging about, seems like no way to me
No work, no recess, teacher said. Fifty 5-day work weeks in DC per year is what Congress needs!
REPLY 3/3 @SenWarren @SpeakerRyan ...ever been designed to violate, and so it cannot be fixed.  It can only be ended.
REPLY 1/3 @SenWarren @SpeakerRyan The state cannot be fixed as it has never been broken--it only appears broken to those who believe...
They did two things: *hit and nothing. Admittedly, this was even done half-assed.
Thank you for showing America what "government of the people, by the people, for the people" means.
Every way possible Republicans has stopped President Obama. We deserve better than Republicans. A bunch of children
if the Democrats did this you'd be praising them.... blind following the blind
Never argue with freedom of speech. It is my choice. I vote Democrats.
REPLY 2/3 @SenWarren @SpeakerRyan ...the verbally stated purpose which is a lie. It claims to protect, and only can violate. It has only...
ALL OF YOU NEED THROWN OUT OF OFFICE..TERM LIMITS IS WHAT THIS COUNTRY NEEDS...
Waxed each other's peckers ?
@SpeakerRyanThe less they do the better.
you went along with it
So change the rules! You've done nothing so far! #drainthecesspool
<-- You ever look in a mirror? You're campaigning for Hillary but you're being paid to be in DC. #Hypocrite #Lie-a-watha
nothing
you've done nothing for your state you grandstand on issues for personal promotion not the working families of mass
This is UNETHICAL! When did party affiliation become more important than representing your constituents & country?
as opposed to you who spends the majority of her time tweeting. Get lost you fraud!
#fakeindian
same thing u did. Vote override 9/11 veto. So disappointed in u @SenJeffMerkley & @ronwyden.  Expect better of Dems
Under Republican't control Congress has become a very BAD joke!
Voters will remember this and vote you out Speaker Ryan!
they suck they r obstructive to the fullest yeah a fair system lol
Isn't there some way to make "our" elected officials "work"?  I and most of us are expected to produce 40 a week
@NancyPelosi would rank the most incompetent
They probably obstructed each other trying to get out the door.
partied,having worked tirelessly doing the people's business,oh waitThe lobbyists business,collecting all thatMoney
and you guys said teachers are lazy and bankrupted America #congress #fail #corporateGreedBeforeHumanNeeds #p2
and we the tax payers pay these clowns? criminal
Meed new law to fire when they fail & shorten vaca days.  Pay for performance
We need someone to expose politicians like Cotton who got almost $2 million from the NRA, it has to start somewhere
Not much.
maybe congress is busy deleting emails and destroying servers. Why not, it seems to be legal, FBI approved
Congress needs to be paid by the hrs actually worked & like all p/t workers not get paid benifits either. :(
unproductive workers get fired as do absentee workers.  Why have we not reduced compensation 4 these do-nothings?
hey poco, didn't the democrats sit on the floor protesting? Get a grip, and continue to lie. Dems are best at lies
Take Congress' pay checks & apply it to the national debt. #NoWorkNoPay
Nothing oh wait bickered?, no nothing, wait pointed fingers? no fundraised? oh hell I'm gonna stick with did nothing
They have been by far the most useless GOP ever !!
I know u r still there. What did u do
I hope this reminds people how important it is to vote Democrat up and down the ballot.
The first time in 126 years The Arizona Republic newspaper is backing a DEMOCRAT for President. LMAO
did they help T-rump prepare for the next debate?
fewest days but you get paid the same....
And funny how GOP'ers endlessly complain nothin ever gets done in D.C. Yet they have become master obstructionists
sen Warren wants to talk about last min blow offs when her homie @MassAGO pulled the same stunt on her own people.
Amazing how fast they act if it serves their interest, or how slow to serve the people!
Hookers & blow?
repeal the bottle bill.  Illegal immigrants are making money tax free and using our services.  Stores turn us away.
cash their government checks for zero hours worked?!
keep on em, ur one of the few doing their jobs for those who elected you. @SpeakerRyan too busy trying to stiff the middle class.
It seems there's always enough time to screw over the electorate!
at least he paid for his school. You lied chief.
Is there a list of attendance? Who can we vote out? Who should we keep?
Congress hasn't moved this fast since the ’13 bill to end Sequester flight delays (because they hated being in line)
sickening
how do you feel about Bill raping and abusing women for so long and Hillary shaming them.
good. Take the rest of the year off
you mean what did WE do, right?
You tell us.
They went to Washington steakhouses and stuffed their faces using our taxes $$'s #Demexit #IndictHillary #LockHerUp
they hightailed it outta here to avoid commenting on their shameful candidate. Eyes closed, fingers in ears lalalala
Paid to lounge, gop.
Make sure you give @HillaryClinton pointers on how to handle #TangerineTintedRacistDemigogueMisogynistPigMan
What?! Leaving town till November?! They just got back from vacation!!
Maybe they have "pneumonia."  Or they're overheated.
if you had to work a real job most of you would fail!  Let's switch jobs for a week and see who works harder
Republicans have been just about the most useless bunch of cake-eating oxygen soakers to ever hit Washington.
They voted to give tax breaks to the wealthiest 1% of child abducting forest clowns
It's amazing that people cry for change, but they don't want to change Congress.
true congress should have term limits sick of seeing carrer politics "who know what's best for us"
hopefully little Paulies Do Nothing Congress will get voted out in Nov!
why do these jokers even have jobs?  Their lack of decency is disgusting.
They will not be remembered well in history.  They are beyond disgusting.
WHAT? November?How can RWers stand this? GOP HAVE AUDACITY TO CALL PBO LAZY?He WORKS/VACA/PLAYs GOLF! GOP R LAZY PO
please sign the Hatch Letter before you leave town! It's an extremely important part of combating the opioid epidemic > CARA tbh
They can run but they can't hide. Vote Blue come Nov and all down ballots
voting all democrat is how you end up with shitholes like Detroit and Chicago
That's where u are wrong
how so? Detroit has been majority dem for years and it rivals most war zones. Chicago is a war zone....
I'm guessing... nothing?
probably the same thing you've done for the people of Massachusetts.... NOTHING.
yea, one more uneducated.
umm party
