@Frankie78209 Bet CEO of Wells Fargo is republican
Actually a Democrat. Most 1%ers are.
If Dems were doing all the killing GOP would be for #guncontrol.
of course and HILLARY wld still be an exception to the law. VOTE TRUMP
Vote Trump! Vote Fraud! Vote terrorism! Vote racism Vote tax deadbeat Vote ignorance
Vote Trump lower taxes than HILLARYs proposing vote Hillary and say bye to middle class
Lower taxes? How's he paying for infrastructure & all his massive spending plans?
You obviously haven't been reading up on Dem nor Rep Both will +taxes dass hils is wayyy
You are a racist
Time to require NASCAR style jumpsuits.  Or perhaps something a bit more thought provoking.  Like this.  @SenWarren
Sure sure sure It's Always 1 side. What else did Dems put into bill.
@PatPeoples1 if they have nothing to hide, there is nothing to be afraid of.
@fdell3 Do the Republicans know they work for us and not just corporate entities? If not it is time to fire them. Vote Democrat!
Why do we even have a government? What was the point? What were we thinking?
@SenateDems @PRyan @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP @SenateGOP @WhiteHouse @HouseGOP @ACLU @SenSanders
Stay fierce, good lady. 
To quote Palin: "Don't retreat...RELOAD!!!"

Doesn't sound like they are protecting what's best for "the people" is it? more like trying to protect their own "ASSets". Agree?
.@SenWarren I say let them shut the gov't down -  if they're that stupid to do it now, let them.  #ImWithHer
Hey Congress, why not repeal the Citizens United decision. Hey SCOTUS, the Citizens United Decision shouldn't have passed!!!
I find it hard to believe they wud b that stupid during an election year.
What one word best describes people like @SpeakerRyan who vote to shutdown Navy shipyards in wartime?
IN-EPT! Kinda one word
Let them go for it and continue to show their colors the people are watching ! @SpeakerRyan @GOP @Senate GOP
Warren, you are full of it. All you do is finger-wag at the banks but you have yet to take action. No wonder you endorse Clinton!
if it isn't that it is about Planned Parenthood. I am just dumbfounded & speechless about the elementary behavior of #GOP
LET THEM SHUT DOWN!  THEYDO NOT MIND WASTING TAX PAYERS MONIES$
and they wonder why we hate them? VOTE THEM OUT!
Wow! The blatant lying & stealing these politicians R doin & gettin away with is obscene!!!  Get them all out start with Trump!
can you actually do anything about the injustices about which you speechify?
damn....these people are relentless Scumbags!
"Transparency"is not in their vocabulary unless it's about Guns!! 
#GOP #POTUS
Which is deeply ironic given its candidate won't disclose his taxes...
#ReleaseYourTaxReturns

#USpolitics
#NeverTrump
Don't give up
keep kicking ass sen warren!
Why should it be banned? We have the right to know where the $ comes from. Let us decide if it is unfairly contributed.
@Lglwry 
Tantrums should be ignored.
@TAW3343 #vote democrats up and down bsllot@
Hell No!! Toss them out on their ASS !!
wow unbelievable
typical sleaze response to transparency
Come November - we should shut THEM down and vote them OUT. Time for major change. Party of Lincoln? Don't think so.
Donald Trump's real name is Donald Drumps
Go ahead...let them...that will ensure a DEM victory in NOV...those w/money are trying to buy elections! ENOUGH!
only the people can stop this anarchy that in the congress
I believe the overall divisiveness in our country can be traced directly to this kind of crap!
really proud of you!!!
outrageous! Leads to disillusionment & withdrawal. Fight the good fight Sen Warren
Will only hurt them more.
By all means shut it down. All of you will be gone by next election.
wow, how did we get here
@Justforyou69 GOP Congress Unfit to Govern!
Let them, this is not in their best interest on Election day! Stand your ground!
This is beyond discouraging. Why can't we make progress? :( @MarkWarner @timkaine @SenSanders
Selfish stupidity is number one qualifier to be a Republican.  A shut down will not serve them well.  Kick the bums out, Vote!

lawmakers shut down govt = no pay for them, no job for them;   BARE MIN avg citizen would receive for refusing to do their job.
spend less time with Wells Fargo and go after real criminals - @HillaryClinton
I say lift up the rock and shine light on all the cockroaches. I don’t care which party they support. Likely play both sides.
But here we go again - Republicans are threatening to shut down the gov in days unless we ban disclosure of corporate political spending.
shut it down.
let them do it!
holy hell, thank you Senator Warren, please keep pressure on and keep tweeting!
your @GOP America. #VoteBlue2016 #TurnAmericaBlue and stop the intentional obstruction of America.
GET THEM LIZ!!
.@SenWarren You're a #sellout, Warren. You had a chance to back real change. Instead you backed lies, corruption, and death. #Coward
@davidbewart Let them do it and lose mightily. America is fed up with their games. VOTE THEM ALL OUT.
Stop pretending you give a shit, Warren. You sided with a war profiteer/banker pal over Bernie. Your words are hollow.
fine, so just ban corporate political spending! then there's nothing to disclose? #justsaying @SenWarren @davidbewart

Let them shut it down. Perfect right before an election
If I were God I would fire all of U on both sides & replace with ppl who really care
blah,blah,blah...
Rep shut Gov down, Dem use Exec Orders! It's all political BS! Both have their tools. The People need to grab the Control!
Please keep fighting!  We the people need you!
they are insane & I'm so glad we have Senators like you, Sherrod Brown & Hillary to speak for us.
they get paid a lot of money to work for us. Final straw was lvg for vaca before signing bills for Zika & Flint
@kkfunch Let them.
will never understand how a person can vote for Repubs. All for the wealthy nothing for the people 
Transparency is honesty. America deserves to know Who, spends how much, on every election. We should expect more.  @SenWarren @RAR18639 @abc
Stay strong!
give em Hell Senator!  I'm excited about the Possibilities of true "Public Policy" again But I'm just one of those dumb Academics
Business as usual on their end
@mommamix4 ..
Smoke screen. #getemLIZ
Let 'em.  It will kill them at the poles.
Don't give in to them!
then why do most corporations donate to HRC this election?
Heaven forbid, or is it just the GOP forbidding, that the public knows the truth on corporate political spending.
VOTERS: FIRE GOP IN NOVEMBER
@starfirst Long for the days when committing bribery was something to be ashamed of. Now Repugs wear bribery as a badge of honor.
- give 'em hell. Nobody thinks that a great idea and none will support them in their drive for less accountability.
@starfirst Republicans are all criminals. They are selling out our American democracy to the highest bidders. Criminals! Vote Dem
thank you
DAMN GOP-voters OPEN YOUR MINDS-trump only cares about HIMSELF 

you're the greatest 
@Cowboyzion01 let them it will cost them the election , i really dont think they understand we have the perfect storm for this
- Agree. Let them just try! (They won't.) #FlipItDem
ugh...go get 'em senator!
Stand your ground dont give an inch
@PatHeibBrock Shut it down!
They don't have any shame.
actually it wouldn't make much difference would it? Obama doesn't run anything by them anyway.In other words,What Government?
who does this benefit? Clearly not the tax payers that pay for these jokers to be there representing them.
keep on fighting! You are the best thing that happen to we the people,
@7bugglettes They need to do their jobs and quit playing these cat and mouse games.
Hit em' with the Hein!
Bullshirt..not again.What is it going to take to get this government working for the people, a revolution?We need help now.
let them reveal themselves to the voters
Really?  from what all the news agencies are saying it is the DEMS threatening to shut down the gov
. @SenWarren Calk their bluff! #VoteBlue
wow, are we being serious? Their less govt means less accountability?
The Rat Bastards never stop. VOTE THEM OUT!
give 'em hell, Liz!
That means you're worrying them. Press harder. Hit harder. Don't let up.
Let them. Then everyone will know. @itzme2
seems about right @RNC #DoYourJob
I wish there was a switch to shut down the Republicans.
@Maggyw519 Typical
How bribed of a government official do you have to be before you are against transparency of political spending!!!
don't cave in, it's time to take and stand. Go get them. Keep up the great work. #2020
keep the pressure on them. Great job questioning CEO Wells Fargo!!!
so tired of their babyish behavior. They shouldn't get paid if they shut down the govt and sees what employees are forced to do
@priorJoan Call their bluff, let em close it & see what happens Nov 8!!!
@ghhshirley 
Yup and that is why Risky Republicans will lose house &  senate
Nothing new threats to shut down Government over not disclosure of where big money comes into politics.  @SarahWoodwriter
--Tone-deaf morons.
Wait. What? 
So, GOP, the party of transparency in public affairs, wants corporations (who are people) not to be open?
They are spoiled, petulant, unrepentant children. It's sad, really.
#crookedgop
fits with their usual agenda.
STAY STRONG!!
@indie17 when will it ever end?
Is daddy Barrack going to have to put them in time out again?
Here we go again with the childish fucking brats..I mean republicans
That's gonna be tough to spin. Should be interesting.
They should all be put in prison. Fuck them all.
@vickscan And yet those uneducated & uninformed voters keep voting those Aholes into office.  #SMH
Why are the Democrats unable to stop this? There has to be changes made in this system that allows them to shut the government.
That'll help the ordinary person. Maybe they have wind of a scandal coming their way, or #Trump's.
We need to Vote these Bumb Republicans out.
@everyone Nov. 8th #BlueStriaghtDownTheTicket!!
The GOP we knew is dead. Their actions prove it once again. Conservatives & progressives must band together 2 kill this monster.
hopefully they don't get paid either since republicans enjoy harming the less our poor children & families!
@zannerina the obstructionists are at it again! Let's vote them out!!
Let's strappado them. Hell yeah, that will teach them. Or we could just vote them out come Nov. #Demexit #IndictHillary #Fraud
If it wouldn't harm so many innocents, I would tell them to go ahead and destroy themselves.
Wouldn't be the first time the Republicans pulled this stunt. The  Do Nothing, Know Nothing Congress.  Thank you for hard work
no!
Will you openly call for charges of treason against the gop if they force another government shut down?
It been years of this GOP Crap when is everyone gonna open there eyes and put a end to this and back to the business of the cntry
Don't they realize how much it hurt them last time?
This is all the reason for GOP to be voted outin Nov yet again obstructionism how much more of this BS until Amer Open there eyes
Republicans keep proving why we need people like you. 
can we please just ban Republicans instead?
keep fighting Senator!!
It's going to continue until we all say “enough”. VOTE!
@dthomicide @SenateMajLdr  Obviously @RepSenators only care about rigging elections. All Americans should fight back.
We have had ENOUGH of their BS
@Curtis_Pope
How about shutting down the government until we see @realDonaldTrump tax returns.
@DennySarver says Call their bluff. 
(GOP shutting our gov't down)
please them to "do their jobs" - this is getting so old!!!
I wonder what they are so afraid will come out, like the sales receipts to their souls, perhaps???
#Illshowyoumineif...
We cannot back down from this.....
you're great! Stay strong
It will be helpful to make distinctions between humans & corporations. Corps can’t be jailed. And citizens a have right to know.
I have a political crush each election. 2016- Elizabeth Warren. You are great at making people sweat & bringing down the hammer
I AM FOR IT!! SHUT IT DOWN! BLAME WHOMEVER! JUST SHUT IT DOWN!
# vote the mouth the obstructionist republicans
That would be making peaceful revolution impossible...
can we get rid of replicans period lol
didn't the dems recently stage a sit in. ?
If Bernie was the candidate for presidency they couldn't pull this off.  Hillary, hell she's on their side.
Shut it down. Come to NYC and have a margarita.
Under POTUS ISIS expansion Iran & Russia gain influence in M.E.,Syria "red line" debacle,Libya failure,N.K. nukes.Should he reign
Brought to you by...
Let them shut it down. Enough is enough!
What? Sorry, I missed the reference. Who said what about shutting down govt?
More proof of Republican corruption. They do NOT represent the interests of the people. Owned & operated by Big Corp. #FlipItDem
CEO of WF earned evisceration.Under Pres O: worst GDP growth after recession since 1949,nat debt almost doubled.Should he resign?
@madampresidn 

I dare them.....
Here they go again! I bet they will still pay themselves! Crazy ...#voteblue in November
has to stop
how do republican supporters justify that nonsense?
@dee_ambrosini   Let GOP self destruct or back down with its tail between its legs.  #don't link
Secrets, secrets, secrets. So many things they try to hide. Just #DoYourJob & maybe we won't send you packing w/your secrets.
@madampresidn I thought they signed a blank bill to prevent shutdown.
