You're literally insane
She's literally right
not even close
remember when the new healthcare rules for employers made cut hours from full-time employees to part time? Bad
Yep, go to $15 hr, I'm laying off 20 people for that increase. Very bad economics
It's called worker's rights. Those massive million-dollar companies should be able to do 15. I would be softer on small biz.
They have a right to find an additional job. You can't play favorites, and make some do and some not.
Makes sense. But tell me how we can make the min. wage a living wage, where you can work full time but live in poverty
I have no problem with fight for a living wage, but realize that at $15 per hour, fast food workers make more than some teachers.
I always scratch my head at these arguments. If the minimum wage is increased, everyone gets a raise. Even teachers.
Not necessarily. Teachers are salaried. Minimum wage doesn't apply.
As far as I was aware salary still can't go below minimum wage levels
You're missing the point. Teaching, a skilled profession, shouldn't be anywhere near minimum wage. Yet it's a real concern.
So if the minimum wage is increased to $15 schools will be forced to compensate for the change by upping their wages too
Clearly, you've never worked in education. Salaries CAN'T rise to remain competitive without approval from taxpayers.
Here at least they talk quite a bit about comparing the pay to other industries to gauge competitiveness.
@Incilin let's talk and find a way to encompass more people fairly in the system we already have
the way to do that is...to raise the minimum wage. also, go see my last few tweets about this
lol the cost of living is always going up (like corporate profits) but wages are stagnant—that's why ppl are poor
he didn't say that...he is mainly solely concerned with the predicament of the poor and middle class. Me and him seem
says the woman who refused to endorse @SenSanders
friend owns a restaurant franchise in Alberta.Min wage went up he increased the house tip% cut staff hrs,salary staff works more
By the time every worker gets $15, they'll need $20 to make ends meet. Who can live on $30,000? Our country is backwards.
Hey, you know who supported that? BERNIE SANDERS! If only those who believe in the same things could've endorsed him!
not with the guys Donthecon is putting in his cab
unequivocally the most ignorant thing I have ever heard a representative of the people claim.
How many times will you prove how OUT OF TOUCH you are with reality???
let's keep low skilled at low wage as the norm. We should be focusing in on creating $20+ jobs .Not paying 15 for beef flippers
You are worth $14.5M  - get off the high horse and try working for a living!
@BernieSanders would have been in office today if your heart had been true on this #sellout #MoneyOutIntegrityIn
wrong on both. If you pay a burger flipper $15, what will the Shift leader then make? $18? $20? Ridiculous. Economic suicide.
Don't forget workers rights...GOP already repealing worker protections!!!
are you this stupid or do you know this will seriously damage the economy?
that will be a disaster for small business.  Stop telling us how to operate!  Let the free market and capitalism work!
@Bernie_Facts time shareholders & executives give back to the workers after all workers create the wealth.
how about leaders that aren't afraid to stand up for what's right and what's wrong? #NoDAPL
I bet djt has never tipped anyone 15 bucks,,,for any tab.  Cheap creep
I stand corrected.  He did it when people were watching AND reporting. 
Agreed! I would hope this would also bring millions of people into the tax paying "unit" portion of our workforce.
unions are stupid. If someone dies on the job the site is closed down for investigation, union or not. Unions are $ drain to Biz
we are already doing in Alberta now 94% of Small Biz disapprove. Unions! Seriously. It's not 1920. We all have human rights .
False ding dong! I grew up in Flint Michigan that is now almost a ghost town due to dem ran city and fed regs chased business awy
better yet, stop fracking & oil dependence. 
http://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=solarcity+video+how+much+land&view=detail&mid=7C14732242372611A7AA7C14732242372611A7AA&FORM=VIRE&PC=APPL …

Sent from my iPhone
I'm glad that you're pushing for more automation.
Give me a freakin' BREAK! You know nothing about economics! Should workers be FORCED to join a union. I WAS.
Thank God you are not a resident of WI. We don't want crazy dingbats like you.
sure - give them $15 an hour and charge them $5 an hour for dues after they join a union. #unionsareripoff
need to listen to Herman Cain on minimum wage; you don’t know anything @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
You need to study economics. You CLEARLY don't understand how economics works. #machinesreplaceworkers

minimum wage should be set by supply+demand. You must have missed that day pretending to be an injun #fauxcahontas #RightToWork
by raising the wage is only going to cause the price of goods to go up. Bring back jobs is a better solution.
you know the law permits workers to unionize, right?  If @realDonaldTrump said something like this, the ridicule would not stop
do you really mean all workers or just those that come with votes on the side?
sounds good in theory, but what happens when companies replace human jobs with machines in order to keep costs down?
...The range of the hourly wage should take into consideration the head count of that business' lowest paid hourly wage earners.
....$15hr means certain death for many small businesses.
we need jobs here in the US. Why are so many large corporations aloud to hire thousands of employees abroad?
Great way to CLOSE THE small businesses & encourage robotics!
like your class taught for 400K chief?
get a wheel chair
. If you along with congress would take a pay cut it would help those who only get paid mum wage.
Did you study economics in USSR? Only a communist could hate capitalism as much as you do. Not that you're totally rational....
why not $100 per hour? hmmmm?
Building economic security starts with enhancing manufacturing & creating good jobs not mandated unsustainable pay increases-FOOL
Do U have any clue the impact of forcing $15 on Co's that can't afford it?  Someone who is not elite like U will lose their job
are you still talking.
There is no economic security unless something is done to reign in HIGH FREQUENCY TRADERS(traitors) is there?
what a dolt. Will your "tribe" be joining a union? Pcoahontas...
business will have to lay people off to pay it Not enough employees The business closes,or raise prices and costs of living rises
Hon. Sen. Warren, why don't you take your $15/hr "movement" to Cuba, where your comrades "earn" $15 per month.
and when our GDP plummets and more companies leave the U.S. you'll blame corporate greed. #badforbusiness
I agree....
Still No comment on #StandingRock Maybe Trump is right (Pocahontas). Actions speak louder than tweets, you maam are a #Fraud.
wow that will take a miracle. A literal miracle.
30k does not allow u to afford an apartment in any major city in this country. Minimum wage is an entry level salary.
what r the unanticipated impacts of this proposal? There will b fewer humans & more automation in those workplaces. #Consequences
obvious talking point to garner more publicity for YOUR career. The join a "Union" remark got you a hefty union donation too.
seriously everyone has the right to a union? liberals still need mob bosses? well you should have tried harder to get thug trump
Right On !!
or the right of every worker to NOT join a union as well.
your financial crisis..
keep fighting, you're inspiring us to not give up hope.
Jobs, jobs, jobs!  None of your "feel happy" ideas make sense without JOBS!  Thanks to Trump on that score!
do U even care to understand econ 101? if U go there jobs and hours worked will be cut. Help min wagers JOB UP!
Sorry, Senator.  This one I disagree with.
Yeah right! Socialism has never worked. Stop trying to buy the will of the people and work to actually give people a better life.
#NoDAPL
first people need to be educated in truth given the chance to reveal the imaginations and creativity from within then economics
asinine
We need you as Commander in Chief 2022!
Nothing is more true than that Senator.
yeah ok, whack job. That'll destroy the economy. Small business go bye bye and fewer jobs will be available.
I'm not sure that's the case at all. But I'd love to hear your reasoning and discuss why it is you've come to both conclusions.
however, I do think there are plenty of ways to encourage companies to pay folks better. How about we double tax stock buybacks?
and give tax credits if employers have stated bylaws which declare a certain percentage of profits go to employees.
we could also give tax credits to companies that would incorporate as Benefit Corps. #Bcorp companies are doing this Sen. Warren
Marxism lost; get over it.
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
You are crazy.  High School summer jobs do not merit $15/hr.  Flipping burgers is not $15/hr.  Unions protect lazy people.
as a liberal, my concern is inflation catching up to a $15 minimum wage negating the increase. How do we slow inflation down?
you just don't understand economics! You're just another politician. Disappear please.
Another reason dems lost.   Don't you learn silly?!
Socialist
I do agree that it should raise to $15.00 per hour but the problem is that the Dumb Trump will reject it and lower wages!
I believe it to keep$15.00 or more is better so i made $11.25 an hour am 57 yrs old still part time! Hadn't full time since 2013!
The union won't accept me because of disability as of loss of hearing! No one is listen to me in a honest way...
Most of these kids now days are not worth 50cents an hour! They dont know what work means.
have your new Wall St establishment associates let you put out a leftist tweet?!
Sen. Warren, you can't believe that's the answer to all our problem. Sometimes union are too demanding. http://ccefscholarships.org 
pathetic! Can anyone support a family with this!!!!!
Kerin - Thanks for retweeting this.
I wish SC had a nurses union. We would stand strong in SC and US.
although i believe wages should be higher,  $15 to flip burgers is 2 much.  My $14 hr security job is comparable?  Dont think so
And if he does get it passed, that means that he and his Klan would have to pay their workers $15.00 an hr.Trumps won't do that.
It's without conscience thatTrump can live the way he does and not demand that the minimum wage should be AT LEAST $15.00 an hour
not every part of the US needs $15 an hour for min wage. In cities this is needed, not where you can buy a home for $100,000
Pipe dream
So you want people to make more money, then give it away as union dues?  You're an fn nutjob.
Well-considered, Elizabeth. Did you see where McDonald's is introducing self-serve kiosks, and doing away with human cashiers? 
when are you going to #StandWithStandingRock
@Skyleer4444 Definitely want to have a Union. No one should ever learn how it is to work in a factory without one!
.@SenWarren - No! Real economic progress happens when people get the tools and opportunity to get from a $10/hr job to a $30/hour one. #MAGA
.@Tinwizid @SenWarren how many Somali humans are you going to let live with you? #HumanCrisis
fuck unions
You are just another  #TermLimits please
you are right! Everyone deserves the right to negotiate their wages and benefits.
what gulag did you school in?  Huge increase in min wage kills jobs and raises commodities. Stop this soviet crap
@32BJSEIU IDIOT!!
if I'm paying 2 employees $8/hr and min wage almost doubles, I'm going to have to  1 of the 2 now. Way to dub unemployment  
@damonbethea1 Why do you or @BernieSanders think $15. is a living wage? Please show me how you can live on $15. an hour.
@StevePasquale awful idea and logic
@NYNURSE10550 Please lite into Mika!!! She is being a witch about you. Mika is a two face ass.
I want out of my union. Where are my rights! You elitists are clueless.
dumb shit that will increase the cost of goods which will be passed on to the consumer. Thus they end up at the same or worse 
Why are progressives complying with corps agenda to attack @SenWarren on their behalf? #novalues
clueless
I Agree!
How dare @SenWarren claim to be for the middle class while she takes money & direction from SOROS & son!! #CNN #Pocahontas #fraud #lockherup
@Bernie_Facts nobody mentions business does not have to raise prices w/wages, pay CEO less and give less dividend.
We don't feel like we have a chance right now to make any progress with liberal views. We have been steamrolled.
; OMG, can someone please put a muzzle on this idiot. People dying,  and it's all about min wage. Really!!!
"Hey! I know," said Liz. "I'll support the candidate that didn't want either of these things to happen. That'll work !!"
I appreciate your information and love your attitude and commitment Sen. Warren! Keep me thinking 
U R a joke! Building Economic Security in USA is getting Govt.out of private businesses!Govt. has no Constitutional authority!
#fightfor15 IF WE GIVE THEM 15 THAN NO WELFARE NO FOOD STAMPS NO GOVT HELP! I've never needed govt got it SEN.
How about you lead by example and work for 15 per hour while teaching @ Harvard?
Would that work for U?
I thought not hypocrite.
oh so I guess you support unions and not right to work workers?!?!?
, why oh why didn't you and Bernie run?
Your experience in the private sector is stunning!

So start up a business and pay everyone $90 an hour.

Lead by example.
Oh, wait...that @SenWarren 

Never mind.
people deserve a living wage for their hard work and determination THANK YOU Senator Warren
why risk Dapal only to sell oil to China and make the rich richer! Please stop!
#warren2020
please demand a stop to the abuse happening to the water protectors!
You do realize that you are proposing to throw millions more into unemployment, right? You're prescribing misery. Get lost.
More #communism! That'll fix it. #Communism will work this time,  for sure! Or, market economy, lower taxes, & #deportthemall.
that's the stupidest economic plan I've ever heard smh
how about the right NOT to join a union or is that too Capitalist for you?
All ur doing is helping the rise of #robotics & a #laborless workforce 
Just look at what #fastCasual biz is doing about this 
Yet more evidence you don't have a grasp of even high school level economics. I feel embarrassed for you.
idiotic.
remember our new Sec of Transportation was against everything you stand for...
lol raise min wage and you will see robots taking jobs. It's already happening
@caneswatch ripple effect......
If this happens businesses will just cut hours like they did when you forced them to pay for medical. Stop acting like you know
Do you even live on planet earth? I love when rich lying politicians try and help. All you do is make things worse
How many raises have the Congress and Senate given themselves over the past few years?
send msg 2 kids in school btr learn & think of future bc if can't get a job will b on street. Stop making excuses 4 lazy. Budget!
Love you Elizabeth.  Keep fighting for us.  I will be working on people here in Washington PA
r u kidding a lot of these ppl cannot do simple math or make change. Evidently did not pay attn in free public school. Excuses!
This tweet was brought to you by George Soros.
.@SenWarren .@DonaldTrump.Thank you senator Warren. If min wage had kept up with inflation, it would be 20/hr. Why would people work for$10?
Do you advocate to double my salary also?
Great, but FIRST we need to make sure that a mentally unstable trump does NOT get inaugurated. He is clearly stuck in the 50s
Agreed - people who can support their families need less assistance and maybe contribute to healthy commerce !!
what about the workers that are replaced with technology? More expensive workers replaced with reliable machines.
Get Lost Lizzy. Your support, Ideas, Opinions, and choice of failed candidate make you appear confused and delusional. Get Lost
But not for those dopes who voted for Trump.
have you asked any small business owners how they're going to survive at $15 an hour?
WRONG! I believe people EARN wage increases by getting better educated and working harder!
Liz your values stink!
You will be creating jobs for robot manufacturing.  When labor gets too expensive employers find other ways to get the job done.
dear dip stick what do you think people like me that currently get $15-17.50 an hour are going to get a raise? You are a fool
Tie Social Security to the minimum wage; else we'll be left behind.
the unions are what ruined this country we don't need no more liberal thief stealing our hard earned money
what does Fauxahontas make per hour??
that mindset no wonder obama doubled the debt and nothong to show 4 it
YOU ARE GOING TO PUT PEOPLE OUT OF WORK AND PRICE THE ELDERLY OUT OF THE MARKET. YOU A STUPID RICH OLD WOMAN
