Do you really think Congress is going to pass anything?
, you must no longer support @HillaryClinton. She's tied to financial firms trying to privatize pensions:
Is the GOP via Ryan trying to do away with/privatize Social Security and Medicare? Not negotiable programs! Fight for us!
Do U really think they will pass anything.They have been fighting the President $ years.They have the Senate, House & Presidency
good days ahead. Warren only positioning herself. Go back to your silver spoon
@WYVeteran 
Why this rt?
They have announced THREE times (w a grin) that ss pmts r ending along with our medicare
probably not, Senator.
What about the ones that haven't earned it?
meanwhile @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump are planning privatization. How can we prevent this & Medicare Vouchers?
Give Seniors a big one tiiime boost before you pull the rug out from under them to give Soc. Secrity benefits to refugees!
Agree.
Stop misleading people telling them CEOs got a raise. They have NOTHING to do with this! CEOS MAKE A PROFIT. FED Employees DON'T!
Hillary stance?
Congress should pass the #SAVECherokees Act to give a much-appropriated culture the right to deny Squaw Nasty Feet recognition.
@jqbalter Great idea. I really want to see term limits imposed across the board as well. Our government is a mess.
your the reason
You need to stop meeting with Soros, stop pretending to be for the people. Justice is coming for you.
hoping not to see privatization of SS and would love to see electoral college abolished - if vote = vote we elected Hillary
GOOD BYE
So afraid of losing my benefits and the donut hole, choosing between food, housing, and my meds again. #SavetheACA #scared
by the time your done with SS Pocahontas, well have none. You remind me of Pelosi. Pass it you'll like it. Hypocrite.
Totally agree Miss Warren finally someone making sense
How Congress/Pres admins reconcile pilfering Soc Sec trust? Clinton camp offerd Soc Sec $ into Blackstone accounts in exch for $
You have no say. Be humble and shut the F. up. Seriously.
thank you for all you do to help improve the lives of the majority of people
you make excellent points but stop being a big mouth & just do your job
should of, could of, would of....famous words of a career pocket POLITICIAN parrot. Can YOU say DO IT?  Yup it figures....
well you can't give it to your illigal buddy's and us too. Pick you Hypocrite
or the greedy government can just let people keep their money to begin with. Seems easier than paying into the clueless governmnt
Seniors are not Illegals !
Does anybody realize the social security people can't live on what we make on social security? Please take this seriously! Needed
Yes it should!! Good luck, we really need it!
should of nvr got your dirty hands into other ppls SS in the 1st place. Now with record unemployment u want more from us workers
Dems Today R A New Breed, They Lie, they create false naratives, watch the video and u decide https://youtu.be/EEQvsK5w-jY 
If you want to see Clinton get her day in court elect @realDonaldTrump if you want corruption to rain on in america support DEMS!
The FSPA act needs to change. It is so unfair to the long time Veteran it is disgraceful. No one in Congress is listening!
not that anyone in Congress really gives a crap about what Americans want
yes, before anyone in Congress gets an extra diem or the president gets more coin now or in retiremnt.
need more than 03% increase,end the CRFB,stop SS premium deductions&private supp Medicare-WeAlreadyPaid #SAVEBenefits #Vote2016
Take it out of Hillary's Middle East money laundering fund since she "cares" so much about "We the people". #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
everyone is saying ssi checks are coming again around the 25th of october 2016
then stop paying the lies of illegals saying they are immigranting and get FREE SOCIAL SECURITY MORE THAN WE GET cheaters
remove income caps & SocSec fixed forever. Base income desperately needed. $35000+
on November 3rd 2015 did you vote to eliminate the SS switching strategy?
Congress Republicans go against anything that is GREAT. Want to hold Americans hostage. Dictatorship Republicans

which ones earned it?
ugam wompim
no they shouldn't!
Can we count on you to ending retirement benefits for elected officials?
Hi. How about hr711?
Yes indeed cuz a 4 dollar raise per month buys you squat. Especially I ally in Cali


http://www.ny1.com/nyc/all-boroughs/news/2016/10/18/naked-hillary-statue-in-nyc.html … wall st banker
James O'Keefe's video show that DNC is rigging elections.
.@SenWarren I agree. #SAVEBenefits
One thing I finally agree with you
@SenWarren
My son Pranav Sharma and 2200 US Minor citizens are abducted to India; pls help I have tried to reach to everyone- no one cares
you are the creepy one. Also saying you are part Indian getting free crap like y'all give everyone except ones who need it. Sick
You and the establishment use your power and force to stop the people from speaking freely.The Clintons get a free pass.seriously
What a scumbag you are Elizabeth!
for Lobbyist Money, has decided she want to be a BULLY and join the pack of corrupt wolves attacking Trump.
So Warren, knowing all the news media is rigged against Trump, and knowing his OWN political party has betrayed him
yes vote for Hillary so she will cut it more and live people dying! So her wall st friends will get richer

JUST IN: New @wikileaks docs show Clinton's Wall St financier pushing plan to shift retiree savings to Wall St http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/hillary-clinton-wall-street-financial-industry-may-control-retirement-savings …

#FirePodesta https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/787355043821416448 …
if you want to save SS, vote Trump. If you want to help those who can't make ends meet? Vote @realDonaldTrump it's that simple
Ms. Warren , Please stand up for Seniors, we need 
more money in Social Security. Thank you for all you do.
TO THOSE WHO HAVE EARNED IT NOT TO ILLEGALS &  REFUGEES IF YOU HAVENT PAID IN OR YOU ARE NOT A LEGAL CITIZEN U DONT GET BENEFITS

No one will believe anything you say going forward. You knew that HC is seriously CORRUPT. Yet, you didn't have the guts to admit
Yes, you are so right and yet so-s-s-s-s-s left !!!!
Concerned Millennial here. Any shot at entitlement reform next Congress? Will Soc Sec and Medicare still be there when I'm old?
.@SenWarren simple solution lift the cap on contributions and stop using the funds for everything under the sun
Have a #Concious I am Lifelong #Dem I am weeping for #America for my #Grandchild in the #Womb #Cease
So what are you doing about it? Disabled/elderly are going under due to medicare pt d deductibles now at $400 each! No cola again
Since when has Congress or you help Seniors on SS. You get a 10. Increase and it cost you $50. In prices.
Hillary would not give you the job of dog catcher wait and see you crude fool
Congress should pass an appropriations bill that returns the $2 TRILLION *stolen* from the Social Security Fund over a decade ago
problem is, you and the dems have crippled the system. How much are you paying this year?  Hope it's more than me, but I doubt it
The billionaire got their raise and started the financial crises. Time for the American People.  Please Help us little folks.
@keller_loretta you should have your ass in Washington doing your job and finding out where COMEY is hiding
thank you for sharing
I heard that on @realDonaldTrump ticket, he wants to cut social security, education and free birth control... that true?
congress should just return all the income tax they took in the first place.
@TheOracle13 please do something about civil service retirees having to subsidize Medicare Part B premiums for everyone else.
and who pays for that boost?
Please don't overlook Civil Service retirement pensions. I have been failing to keep up with cost of living increases for ages.
Warren is another one of the corrupt Dem Klan out to ruin OUR Nation. Unite to FORCE out corrupt Dem Klan!
A two dollar increase for 2017! That would pay for 2 cups of coffee at WaWa
Why doesn't the Senate stop using the Social Security money as their own personal slush fund........?????
shouldANYONE have2BEG 22yrs for7thAMENDMNT JURYTRIAL? http://wh.gov/isEhH 
how about stop expanding to people who didn't earn it!
YES! The pittance approximating $4 a mo is simply unacceptable- pls work to increase the stipend, top to bottom to COLA.
Pocahontas the only thing we want is you out!  NOW!
#SAVEBenefits but they're getting a $40 YEAR raise in 2017 wow can maybe buy another half a prescription or turn the heat up 1° smh
also get citizens who make over 250k 5o pay into social security
Lizzy, U turned your back on seniors.
BTW, what have you done for Native Americans since U took office?
- "earned" it? I think we paid for it, Pocahontas.
Send a check for lump sum, then you won't have worry about COLA's. I worked 43 yrs & government withheld 3.3%, per check. OK?
privatize
They need to walk in our shoes for 2 wks
Congress stole from ss in the 1st place. Otherwise ss would be solvent, no one would be paying in now. I want my back interest
you will also boost the rent cost  no win win situation
This entire Hate Obama campaign to stop a Supreme Court appointment predicated Trump's outlaw stance. If only Trump knew the law
do you have a link that shows where the money comes from for this one-time 3.9% payment?
The republicans pass that!  Dreaming.  That's why we all should vote straight democrat come nov! Then we'll get real change!
when you support closed debates and absolute corruption, no one gives a shit about anything you say. Do America a favor, resign
@MaxMaxsilva1946 GOP could care less
How did they 'earn' it?
really .. is that a serious question .?
Yep!
it means we Paid for it. out of our paychecks.
Agreed.So proud of my Senator.As a 70yr old w/no children to help me,it is an enormous struggle.
http://www.gofundme.com/2t2a104 
only way for that to Work is Vote Trump, Hillary doomed with new Emails
Nope, saving the cash for all the refffffuuuuugggeeesss immunizations, ESL classes, housing, food, clothing, transportation. . .
@democrat2theend  We did not earn it We Paid it, gvmt played with it Now they don't want to give it back.
Here's a novel idea.Present a bill that taxes billionaires & give it to the poor.
With the proposed $3 increase in Social Security we can't even buy a hamburger at McDonald's!
Not even to save their jobs would the Republicans do it.
People on SS should not have to choose between eating or meds. All Republicans must be voted out of office! Trump supports cuts!
if Curt Schilling runs against u I will quit my job And help u win
atta boy tonto!
Right on. Let's also defeat #TRUMP on November 8th. He is racist and grossly ill prepared to do this job. #imwithher
Last yr no increase, this yr I hear only $1 increase per yr. Perhaps Congress ought to give back their raises.
SS for WORKING SENIORS Cap is ridiculous. I got a raise, so I get penalized if we go ovr $15.7 per yr. I have to quit in mid Nov.
or pay back half of what I go over should I work the last 6 wks. PLEASE HELP US! Raise the Cap to $25 per yr & let us keep up.
The same thing is going to happen next yr too. By increasing the SS Cap Congress would allow us to contribute more to the SS FUND
can you please say that in Cherokee.... ?
Pander much? It won't happen. We'll spend billions on war with Syria to put in an oil pipeline, but seniors get nothing. WTF?
We should be having a congressional hearing on Democratic Voter FRAUD that was revealed in the O'Keefe videos & #PodestaEmails11
