.@SenWarren Lower the corporate tax rate and companies will relocate here.  Simple economics.
you want to lower the corporate tax rate? Then make the individual tax rates Fair. 0 to 10% won't cut it
.@benCunn08101304 @SenWarren We support individual and corporate tax reform.  So do a lot of people. Watch here:  http://tinyurl.com/gvu8zzz 
this country has been going in the hole since Ronald Reagan. He destroyed our tax base. 42% cut loopholes open
close the loopholes and offer a competitive 15% tax rate
They're not tax dodgers if what they're doing is legal. You blame anyone but the government you represent.
That's what libs do. Blame everyone but themselves
following @SenWarren's indictment of our lack of action, This argument in the hill is what we can do about it.
outsourcing USA jobs has got to stop we can barely afford to live.
Tax subsidies/breaks s/b on condition reinvest back into U.S. Corp'n spend offshore/cut labor force/increase prices=GREEDY
Maybe if we didn't have the highest Corp tax on the planet that wouldn't happen.  That's the liberal way!
HOW ABOUT TAX DODGERS LIKE AL SHARPTON?
donald trump is lying lying dangerous false racist crazy
and while they're doing this they starve the working class. GOP way and citizens too dumb to figure it out. They are saps
Are you anxious to pay more taxes than you owe? Hmm
That's called e-r-r-r ...Human Nature. Your colleagues in Congress do that same thing.
@DeanLeh yes, we've identified the problem. Over and over.
please tell me what is wrong with following the law?
bet one of em is Trump
Just ask Trickster Trump!
How and when can we get the corporate TRILLIONS of tax dollars in tax havens over seas back in the USA?
:fill the loopholes on them like what was done and wants to be done to middle-class and those below middle-class. 
like u dodging  the truth     u liar
Venezuela serves as Government model 4 Left: @HillaryClinton @BarackObama policies will morally & financially bankrupt America.
Govt should tax citizens & business just enough 2 execute constitutional responsibilities. No 2 current confiscatory tax policy
just like you do
I think you should play the commercial role of Captain Obvious.  Stop the sound bites and do something
you my dear ..are an idiot...you are a joke..can't understand how you keep getting voted into office. You are what's wrong w Wash
And members of Congress get to inside trade w/ no ramifications. So, whats your point?
so go to a flat tax no deductions no returns
While these greedy bloodsuckers complain of too much regulation, and high taxes, they get away with criminal behavior and pay
little or no tax!
after taking care of those dodgers these are the @Dodgers you should be paying attention to #stretchrun #PennantFever #WinForVin
how do we get this to stop?
This is why Donald got nominated among other fools who chipped in
Everyone should pay taxes irrelevant of their status corporate or individual
@genecollier Charles Rangel, too.
and Al Sharpton
SO SAYS THE PARTY OF TREASON
like members of Congress? Do you pay more than you have too or just enough?
WOW. AREN'T YOU THE FACIST?
yup sooo right... unpatriotic in my opinion!!! they take full advantage of this country and don't give back in terms of jobs Etc!
I DO SO LOVE BEING LECTURED AT ON PATRIOTISM BY THE MOST UNPATRIOTIC PEOPLE ON EARTH #DEMS
dems have love n compassion n understanding...reps have only hate n spite n selfishness!!!
You all write the damn tax code and vote upon it.
And companies like #Apple are supporting racism, misogyny and failure to care for our most vulnerable.
Led by the Democratic party!
I am certain Trump is probably the worse one! This is why he won't release his taxes! #NeverTrump
“They're all bought and paid for" our song is America's new National Anthem Lets all sing it!
Have they broken any laws like your Candidate has w/ her emails?
The rich are rich, because their crooks!
Sadly, Trump is the # 1 example of this " take all u can, give nothing back" philosophy, & yet some ppl don't seem 2 give a crap
Hard to blame corps/ppl for looking to pay min tax required by law. Blame Congress for making tax dodging legal.
*Everyone* seeks to pay lower taxes. Even you -- are you paying the higher optional MA income tax rate? Bet a buck you aren't.
So you admit there is an advantage to being in US and and therefore in the free market economy.
might be the only reason wage growth isn't worse than it is. #LizsLbofFlesh
congress supports this policy of tax evasion. The tax evaders pay them to. Congress is pay to play as its core.
@SenSanders @HillaryClinton #America is much worse off as a result. End tax evasion. Bring back #Reagan's effective tax rates.
@philsketches I would pay for a pop-art Uncle Sam poster saying he wants companies, to pay their fair tax bill.
#patrotism
only if @SenWarren is going to pay me for one.
how about just an autographed first edition?
Corporate Treason!
Not voting for Trump but you say things like this and openly support Hillary who takes advantage of these loopholes?
you mean Trump and his phantom Tax Returns
how many people pay no taxes but get refunds because of child tax credits of you don't pay you don't deserve credits
how much payroll taxes do corporations pay into the government ? How many jobs do they create .. Govt jobs are parasitic
Avoid paying Taxes, at a Time of War.!  @GroverNorquist @Apple @SpeakerRyan  @DeptofDefense
Namely, Mylan Pharmaceuticals.  Put them out of business, please.
thank Bill Clinton for that! HRC will only continue on this path.
President Trump, Speaker Ryan, and Leader McConnell will eliminate IRS thus killing off America's revenue. Problem solved.
YOU MADE THE RULES
this is grand view of Congress: blah...blah...blah & NO action !
Had 4 yrs. & what was done ?
Just like you! Avoiding huge taxes makes business sense, ever take an economics class? DNA class? You are NOTrecognized as Indian
WHY R U CALLING THEM TAX DODGERS,  WHEN THERE R LOOPHOLES FOR THEM TO ESCAPE PAYING THEIR FAIR SHARE? ? CHANGE THE LAW!
like Trump corp?
Hey #DonTheCon @realDonaldTrump the Senator is talking about U.
You libtards tax too much and have no accountability for spending. I don't blame them for keeping money overseas.
It is what they do! Make a flat corporate tax minus all the write-offs &loopholes. That was easy! #MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN
Are you really that short sighted or has the Kool Aid taken over? The tax Demo policy on our corps has forced them to leave.
not forced most that ran from our tax rates could afford to pay them.
How then can we fight corruption?@senwarren
never vote for an incumbent unless their record shows them fighting corruption and not using corrupt party donor systems
#ThanksgivingThursday it's #Congress:(
then why are dems trying to hand over the FED to wallstreet
and if trump gets elected we can be sure there will be a lot more of that
That's how everyone who becomes a Politician gets wealthy isn't it?
