He knew. He has to go.
No, what we worry about is the dangerous know-nothing you voted in and put us all at risk. He'll do nothing for you.
Lucky you.
these "attacks" gave the American people their democracy back. do U get this, Ms. lover of the people? apparently you are lying:(
Where are the evidences of Russia being behind the cyber attacks???

Never mind the HOT air. What are you DOING about it?
Yes, u and ur party need to stop hateful attacks. Issue is the content & safeguarding of your communications. @realDonaldTrump

Yes America needs a change and we are being afforded that chance thanks to PEOTUS Trump! January 20th 2017 America Great Again
Hillary stated in public condemning Putin during his election campaign?  Why are you surprised that Putin does not like her?
You're on that train too ?
Seriously? How is it Russia and Putin are somehow so Acceptable to Trump supporters? And let's say Russia did nothing.
I'm not a Trump supporter but I don't believe in that conspiracy theory. Show us the proofs first.
In Russia and by Russia are 2 different things.
you are a liar , we the people see the DNC , CORRUPT
This did not occur, its been proven the cyber attacks came within the house. Media lies being spread to sway the people
agree
aww poor dnc corruption exposed by wikileaks. Wahhhhh
I hope that you will encourage an investigation!!! Full investigation please speak out.
Oh, you definitely need to change lady. Read your Bible and wake up. I'm sick of you left wing Liberals with all your smugness.
We need all dems to shout this from the rooftops!  Trump won with marketing skills.  Time to get loud!
you need to leave and never return
AS IN NEVER!
Another baseless accusation from the defeated Democrats.

YEAH THE OLD ESTABLISHMENTS HAVE HAD 15 years and still don't know how
So, Lizzie.. you're joining in the disinformation campaign against Russia!? You've become a full-fledged Clintonista!!
Russians! Russians! Russians everywhere! You democrats really are morons. Lol.
@realDonaldTrump cyberattacks?  Was crooked Hillary concerned about cyber attacks as SOS?
@realDonaldTrump  cyberattacks?  Warren stop acting like Posesta's GMAIL account was an attack on the Pentagon....drama queen
The cyber attacks are retaliation for Obama interfering in the Russian DUMA elections.  Why are you surprised?
WikiLeaks operative claims emails given by Dem insiders in D.C. park http://dailym.ai/2hG8deb  via @MailOnline
When Obama became President 8yrs ago,he didn't keepup his vows to bolster alliances;in Mideast right now
you need to get a life lost
You mean the fake news about Russian cyberattacks being pushed by the president?
I don't think your an expert in anything except spouting half truths and inciting conflict and hate. You are an embarrassment!

@JudgeJeanine @LouDobbs @mitchellvii @seanhannity @michellemalkin @LindaSuhler @TuckerCarlson
Russia did not violate OUR N/S. It MAY have violated the security of Dems who thought their corruption would go undiscovered.
Use government servers Quit believing your smarter then a third grader
Fake news again?
You dont have verifiable proof of the Russians hacking the systems. Get the facts 1st liar and show us, you cant, can you?
please demand new election @BarackObama @timkaine @SenSanders @SenBennetCO
our current President  should appoint a real bi-partisan commission to look at the issue... appointments  should be made NOW
Where's the proof of Russian hacks? CIA says yes then no. FBI has always said no. It's a whistleblower.
Agree; Let's start by getting career politicians out of Washington.
I want to see proof.
and how were we harmed by those hacks?  We learned the truth of how the game is rigged.
YOUR POTUS, OBAMA KNEW THIS WAS HAPPENING LONG AGO AND DID NOTHING JUST LIKE HE HAS DONE NOTHING FOR THE CITIZENS OF THIS COUNTRY
Though US is  great country,but with this,its more like Russians are the ones who have chosen the US-president and not americans
so the US cannot do anything tothis grave inbarancement .Russians have won.to reverse,hold another election which can not happen
we need people like you  leeches  to get out of politics
@StageYaneu omg no wonder Trump wants military budget cuts...
this all seems almost treasonous. It's that too much a stretch? #MANCHURIANCANDIDATE
why aren't the Dems making noise. Are they hiding. Republicans sure wouldnt have put up with this.
foreign countries have been hacking forever, and nothing is done. 1 thing I do know is O tried to interfere with an Israeli elect
we have interfered in every country on the planet. Why is anyone surprised when it happens to us??!!!
http://townhall.com/columnists/edklein/2016/12/14/comey-to-trump-the-russians-didnt-influence-the-election-n2259827 …
@SanFranMoman Ease get to bottom of Comrade Trump/Putin Alliance. NOW BEFOREVIT ID TOO LATE.
Please petition for postponement of the Electoral vote in light of evidence of election interference by Russian government!
It's time Neocons STOP FALSELY accusing Russia of wrong doing: "Russia Will Nuke Europe And The US”
yep...it's Russias fault.
We are making changes!  BY VOTING FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP! AND GETTING RID OF THE VERY CROOKED DNC!
my email was hacked on Linked In and now Yahoo by the Russians. Tech industry needs to help with solution
We the People are happy about the cyberattacks, get it? oh, that's right you are for the Party not the People.
@jsc1835 less talk and more action? #faithlesselwctors
#faithlesselectors
Warren buffing up on her nat sec bonafides to prepare for 2020 take down of our Russian puppet Trump.
Now that's the First Time you've made ANY SENSE! Go for it!
I believe T knew all along and that is why he protested so much that is what U do when you are guilty
-- Where is the evidence of these Russian attacks?
why should I ever vote again if foreign govt can change my vote and give us a fool #dumptrump
WHAT CYBER ATTACKS? REALLY?  THIS IS ALL NONSENSE! BLAME THE RUSSIANS!  LOL.
yes, begin Russian lists & begin deporting them. They are all spies.
#TheResistance
Sure, America will be safer when Pocahontas is in charge of cyber security threat. U sure will scare Russians off
Dems should be furious over this. I am convinced that this hack caused the results of this election
what needs to be done is a complete investigation and invalidate the election
Where is your proof?  Did they change vote totals? DO YOU HAVE PROOF!!!  STOP!!!!!
it's been changed for years, where you been ?  maybe you should have told Hillary Clinton that that it's changed
Maybe a first step would be not to use unsecured servers.


Under Pres Clinton US strategists were Yeltsin's secret weapon for win in Russian election http://articles.latimes.com/1996-07-09/news/mn-22423_1_boris-yeltsin … We do sh*t too
If they hacked trump and found the shit they found on the democratics you'd be praising them for showing the corruption!!!!!
Anonymous sources at the CIA said that. Are they the same anonymous sources that sent us to Iraq for WMDs?
you have been in the Senate and done nothing. Now all of a sudden you want to change.
so why doesn't current POTUS do anything???? Many attacks and he just sits there and takes it. Very weak
I don't think Russia did. The dems are trying to blame everyone but themselves for Hillary's loss. Grow up. It's Hillary's fault.
What we need to do now is get Trump's tax records.  Putin thinks it worth his effort to elect Trump and we're just guessing WHY.
we wanted a change but you and your colleagues in the Democratic Party chose the wrong candidate
Move over to the right please 
The way I see it is Hillary is president.
The is cyber attacks, some come from RU IP's, no nothing needs to change.

Ask real people not BS propaganda insiders.
#security
this fraud trump is being perpetuated against our will....Justice please
when did we become so in denial and soft?
Thanks to @barackobama, he has been the president for the last eight years! REMEMBER? @TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi @SenatorReid
- Once Trump and/or staff are confirmed knowing/facilitating hacking impeachment must commence. Worse than Watergate!
cyber attacks what about smoke signals
these cyberattacks also revealed that Bernie had the primary stolen from hom and you stood silent.
Therefore should we learn Russian.Just saying. Everything you said about "Him" was true
.@SenWarren <~~~I'm with you!
please stop talking and start doing your job working for the people of Ma
cyber national security threats have been around for many years.  Are you just being made aware of this?
Please help get the details of Russian interference  out to all Americans.
why is this not considered an act of treason? Democrats-get a backbone! Start screaming about this and do SOMETHING!
@DanScavino obviously from wat ppl learned bout the story behind the story n strategy of Alinsky-speak
sadly changing from within.
https://www.softwar.net/ 
he will never admit wrong doings-he knew Russia was n on the attacks!What other country had & interest bigger
it was the only way to win (emails on top of emails) that's why DJT would say doozy were coming!!!
had Hillary used her own secured sever the Russian cyberattacks wouldn't had occurred-it was presetup by GOP!
Thank you for speaking out about Russia. We need more of you. #Standup #TrumpTreason
@YMPhillips I still can't believe trump president it is sickening me .
What cyber attacks? Where is your evidence? I'll wait.
you are a joke
SPEAK UP PLEASE
You weren't concerned about HilLIARy 's email server being hacked, which it was! Why now?
and as a retired USAF Intelligence officer, I'm proud to have your representation on this Cmte & in the US Senate.
@HenryPetzold: we need to punish Russia swiftly and boldly.
@SenJohnMcCain  Perhaps a bill cosigned to #StopForeignCollusion 
into #AmericanPolitics @POTUS @VP 
We must act accordingly now.
What is going to be done to prevent this insidious attack on national and local politics? Know which side @SenJohnMcCain is on..
Unfortunately, your about 20 years too late. Should have never allowed software makers to have holes for their info gathering.
Change? Demies don't know the first thing about change. Retire NOW!
why are republicans acting like this is a partisan issue?? Im disgusted as an American we are a banana republic run by putin
@GarrettRuby Where are the charges of TREASON, for asking Russia to hack on video? Trump did ask, they DID oblige! Treason!
But @HillaryClinton gave #Russia that stupid, embarrassing, plastic mistranslated #resetbutton.  How could this happen?
and gave them 20 percent of our unranium after a nice Clinton foundation donation.
hey Liz.  Were you upset when democrat icon Ted Kennedy asked Russia to intervene in the 84 election;
 http://thefederalist.com/2015/03/10/ted-kennedy-secretly-asked-the-soviets-to-intervene-in-the-1984-elections/ …

hey Liz, remember this.
As an elected official I find it ridiculous that you do not know the NCIJTF and FBI handle cybercrime NOT the CIA.
And the first thing we have to do is get rid of you!!!
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity Lizzy one thing for sure, there are Zero Russians attacking or following you.
Maybe unsecured servers in our bathroom is a bad idea.  Especially if you're Secretary of State.
fake news, what proof do you have of Russians? None
@NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein  We need to fight with all of  our might!! The electorate has to do its job & vote against Trump!
How? With the monster in charge?
Your failure to #StandWithStandingRock is shameful and won't be forgotten. #NoDAPL
a good start would probably forcing government employees to use secure severs, oh that's right it's already a law (for some)
DEFLECT! Attacks between China, US & Russia been going on for years. Important but it did not cost you the election. Clinton did.
The Russians and all major nations engage in hacking, it's nothing new! Obama never worried for 8yrs.  Why the sudden panic?
Russian Cyberattacks?! Fake News! That's why there's no intel. briefing, duh.
Here's what I don't understand - if Russia influenced our election, why aren't we re-voting?
Then why are we not all alarmed at proven knowledge that even Putin was in on election hacking?  Dems should be enraged.
thank you Senators
The crux of that threat takes office in a few weeks. I predict Trump will succumb in Gitmo while we waterboard him!
your just realizing this now. That's what's pathetic.
Not to worry - @HillaryClinton sold off anything worthwhile to foreign powers

Failed to deliver that pipeline through #Syria,tho
You, too? Can you please show proof? Otherwise you're just egging on the people screaming that WE are Russian spies!
@SenSanders @maskimball Do not understand this tweet or how it comes from Warren. There is no hard evidence yet. Change how?
$500k 1 class
Just an FYI a woman that has the education and advantages you have willfully ignoring critical thinking is criminal
nothing but meriting and excuse for Hilary to give to her donors for spending 1 billion of donors $ and coming up empty for them.
Liz I used to think you were truly amazing till you decided Hillary was not the same one you WARNED us all about.
Not recent. Well documented before election. Odd people catching on just now
Agreed, but let's impeach the clear and present danger in the room first.
His job is to protect country. Will he stand up to Putin on this or will he lie down? It's a big test. There's a lot at stake.

congratulations Mrs, Warren
profound
- now that a real man is in the house we can begin. Where's that ass hat you've been defending during this mess #jerk
Yes 
But sorry-investigate 1st
Really can't b looking at blueprints for new construction while house we own now is still on fire.
Get real Pocahontas! Stop accusing people of things with no proof...
it was someone on your team. So funny.. your party will never be whole again.Unless it centers its politics.to far left is bad
Why dont you put on your nasty big girl pants and quit blaming russia for @TheDemocrats loss? #demhypocracy
Obama hasn't done anything for 8 years? Why all of sudden bring it to light now when we've been hacked for the last 8 years.
enough with the Russian rhetoric, progressives arent buying. Your sounding more and more like the #establishment #nowar
Please demand a commission be formed NOW to investigate #RussianInterference @POTUS Can declassify documents.
we demand to have investigation on who stuffed Detroit ballots plus on illegals who voted in CA!
You ALL know it was a DC insider. Quit making shit up. Don't you think politicians LIE enough to america??
...yes and the biggest new threat is our PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump
Quickly!
Although you have no proof of Russian hacking.
the Russians did us a favor by exposing Hillary's corrupt political campaign.
Be intrepid! Your advocacy for economic justice&civil liberty may be our last defense against corporate tyranny. #LiberalsUnite
The Russians are probably behind the Yahoo hacks. American voter's lives at risk.
And spreading lies is why Clinton lost you silly squaw
so you've become a true blooded scumbag trying to start a war? 
What for? Your personal bemefit?
FYI: leak, not hack.  Educate yourself:

Binney DNC hacks oct 2016 30min audio
http://theantimedia.org/nsa-whistleblower-dnc-russia/ …

http://raymcgovern.com/2016/12/13/u-s-intelligence-vets-dispute-claims-of-russian-hacking/ …
hillary was a threat to national security. Let,s start there.
Please stop this travesty from continuing. Stop the transition now and schedule a new election.
