Why is @realDonaldTrump  Not Being Arrested For False Representation, Fraud? Hoodlums Like Him Should Be Prevented From Politics!
Lizzie lied about being a indian.  Clinton misrepresented her emails. They should all resign
what is it that makes it obvious?  Those things are facts.
Hillary Exonerated re: Emails https://www.google.ca/#q=Hillary+clinton+exonerated+of+wrong+doing+regarding+emails … This is the Fact.
I wouldn't exactly say "exonerated".  Your stretching the truth on that one.
Justice Dept. Rules Hillary Clinton Followed the Law Deleting Email
but, she still misrepresented them to the American people. "No classified info".
Buh Bye, Not Interested in Your Deflective, Distorted, Twisted Perception Of The Truth!
@lizonespirit All you liberals only want something to be wrong when it does not suit you! :(
so you're ok with @realDonaldTrump scamming & cheating Americans?
and she's guilty of what exactly?
that's your answer? Name calling? Like Trump? No answer no facts? I'm being polite.
8 - 8 investigations on Benghazi. How many investigations in 25 yrs? How many found her guilty?
NY Att Gen says Trump committed fraud.  Trump should resign because he cannot be trusted
Hillary can not be trusted either. She is a walking disaster controled by the big banks and others. It's sad.
native Americans suffered at your hands when you lied about being Native American and stole their scholarship.
more about HOW the RNC would like to censure universities and limit academic freedom
I agree, but McDonald's calls their school hamburger U I hear, same thing. But that Trump university was wrong.
and what about the Clintons university scandal and Bill being paid along with Hillary pay to pkay with them as well?
lock him up
that is so corporate crapola!
in Chicago. No one thinks either are actual Universities.
Do you really think people are so uneducated as to not understand it is not a University. McDonalds had McDonalds University
#CrookedDonald
He breaks laws. Why isn't he disqualified? Arn't there certain qualifications in order 2 even run? Then there is the Russia thing
Trump "Political Dilemma" what happens if I do not release my tax return?
What happens if I do?  OMG - Get me a towel !
yeah and @realDonaldTrump violates the constitution daily with his infantile mouth. My daycare toddlers are better for the job.
@lizonespirit Why you not on here talking about how H. Clinton put American lives in jeopardy!
#manypeoplearesaying that Trump is a Russian agent.  #thesiberiancandidate
@sharynski Trump's RICO Trial Date Set http://www.huffingtonpost.com/harlan-green/trumps-rico-trial-date-se_b_9905680.html … via @HuffPostBiz
Why has the press not gone on & on about the GOP candidate's upcoming racketeering trial & ties to mob
Trump U is a racketeering operation.
El señor Donald Trump es una Quimera (ver CNN patricia Ramos)
taxes need to be higher so U all white's paid for us and our free educations while U all have to pay. thanks
What about your schemes! Pocahontas!
He's anti-American. Where R his tax returns? & He's in cahoots with a Russian dictator. #TraitorTrump #NoToGOPDictator
So why isn't Trump locked up!!!
you violated common decency pretending to be native American. Pocahontas.
another white hater, socilalist idiots,  U white need to work more and harder to help us Illegals and refuge's
yet you're supposed to be some kind of an Indian or something

@SenWarren
girl take this shit over to liar, racist orange Con Trump's tweeter feed. We aren't racist like that here
@Purrsyn9 Dry up Pocahontas. .
Here is their Degree:
Boom.. Hillary goes to jail !!
I'm Donald Trump, the law doesn't apply to me
So what. Find something new that you can prove!
You are so lame, talk about scheme, "yes I am American Indian"  Hypocrite. People in class houses shoud not throw stones.
@SenWarren
Clinton Foundation and wikileaks scandal next. People who live in glass houses...
needs a lesson in state law one would think she should know.
HILLARY HAS VIOLATED MORE LAWS THAN ANYONE! INVESTIGATE THE @ClintonFdn
So why now is this "university" being investigated. It took you fucktards how long to see the corruption? Clinton Foundation?
oh shut up!!! The only pons scheme going on here is the whole Democratic Party. And you know it you criminal.
you violated law by falsely claiming native American status on federal forms. Liar! Cheat!
The name, IMO, was just a marketing thing. Not meant to be a real university.
Lets urge the courts to move faster on that lawsuit and post every where we can about the rape of a child
"Vulnerable" people didn't do their research.
trump is the fraud!! #lock him up!!
@DrDevissi 
I love Donald Trump.
Clintons ripped 16 million from people that went to Clinton University. Tell about that you two faced B---ch,
vulnerable people lost big bucks w/ your 'green jobs' initiative. Lol #fail #solarcity
Vulnerable Elderly people, like Mary Frances Hickman lost homes in foreclosure by greedy investors. Oh, YOU bought her home!!!
Now that you and Dems are OK with HC lawlessness, you pretty much can't point fingers anymore.
Unlike Earnie Maddoff, Trump thinks he can get away with it because Trump stole from the non-rich people.
@SenWarren
@GoPiggies
Hillary violated US law by allowing 4 of our citizens to die in Benghazi.
it depends on what the definition of 'is' is
some people flourish , some don't???? The ones that didn't want to be reimbursed , doesn't happen , is that all your good for ?
he needs to put in jail
Republicans are legalizing SCAM!!!!
@puppymnkey   Trump is a no good crook. God save us from this fool,
watching the republican convention and I see no diversity just a bunch it angry men mad
@HillaryzMyHmgrl somehow, he's not in jail.
@sarnold2016 True enough, but where was the regulatory arm of the state. More than one failure here.
Vulnerable people, like Mary Hickman who had a stroke, was taken advantage of by YOU buying her house and flipping it for BIG $$$
vulnerable ppl like those who lost their homes that you profited with??
how many people will loose money when Hillary brings no change? You betrayed Bernie. Find a fix for your lost reputation.
There were many people who stated they made lots of money with Trump's Course. It's the lazy ones who are complaining. #YEYEEGF
Or maybe this article Ms Warren...http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2014/04/17/elizabeth-warren-repeats-her-false-claims-of-native-american-ancestry-in-new-book/ …
Ms Warren, care to comment on this??
@missLtoe Senator Warren, keep calling 'em like you see 'em! We rely on you to watch out for us and to take on fraudsters!
@barbaraemiller bring it up on charges.  Oh wait.....
Can he be prosecuted? Please keep publicizing his history. RePublicans want to prosecute Secretary Clinton for what?
Violated the law? Then y no indictments?
@SenWarren
but does this surprise anyone? Law unto himself.
Stop Lying, but I guess that is hard when you are a Democrat because they are addicted to LYING.
THEY WERE OPERATING WHEN YOU WERE IN CHARGE!
@LindaCollins11 Keep fighting Senator Warren. There's a peaceful army of millions supporting you.
For all Americans out there annoyed by barking dogs, there is a new anti-bark collar for sale called the EW&HC Shock Collar.
@LindaCollins11  @realDonaldTrump     If #Trump is elected President will he be immune from prosecution for his crimes?
#suffragete thank you for your courage!
and Hillary let innocent americans die
GO2HELL!
Maybe some of the students got away with falsifying their ethnicity and got a break on tuition though, right?
How about using "Donald Duck and Mickey Mike" ? Catchy don't you think?
Give it up Loco Poco. You're a broken record nobody cares about. Back away from #killary,  she's going down
@SenWarren
Vulnerable AMERICANS lost total trust in corrupt, lying Hillary. Her supporters are insignifcant.
Clinton lied people died
I guess it's just OK to lie about being native American to get a real nice pay check. Your a fraud & a clown!
Hillary's server was not allowed ever and put our national security at risk. Shame on you for supporting her Ms bankruptcy bill.
Trump delete your angry face #NeverTrump
hey Sen. The majority of folks who attended T.U. loved it why don't u mention The 99%  1%you fraud
hilarious that the fake Indian is attempting to call out someone for saying something isn't quite what it really is
Hillary killed 4 Americans by calling herself a leader. Honorable men lost their lives while she pocketed BIG bucks!
Anything can fail! But Hillary called her school an university made 16 million dollars and bow is under investigation!
But since you have no morals you want a liar and a crook in the White House! You are a charlatan
She took money from our enemies and lied to the American people, but that is ok because you are a charlatan!
How many people has @HillaryClinton lied too and scammed?
broke a law! Heaven forbid. Killary Clinton would never do that..... Would she?
I used to love U, now I am disgusted by you  U bash Trump but where were U when we really needed you? U backstab @SenSanders
another scheme?
funny how a guy who thinks a 1mm loan is "small" has the audacity to 'teach' anyone anything about succeeding in real estate.
Hillary broke fed. laws.  Even real Native Americans know this.
Trump University looks like a mafia racket
@HillaryClinton Hillary Clinton violated the law by circumventing government email servers! #Felon
go get him, Senator!!!
#Benghazi #EmailScandal #fbihearings #ClintonFoundation should I go on?
your a fraud...You endorsed the biggest wall st stoolie of them all...
hillary Clinton violated the law by sending classified information on a private server. #trumpence16
did you get 1/32nd of the facts?
http://legalinsurrection.com/2012/09/boston-globe-unintentionally-proves-elizabeth-warrens-ethnic-fraud/ …
How about graduates who went to legit colleges & yet they can't find a job & pay their loans? Did those colleges mislead?
Get a life bankruptcy low life lawyer and incompetent Senator.  Shame on you, supporter of racist, deshonest and lying HRC.
Could you explain Laureate University to your voters?
u lied about nationality/race to get into college yet you're a senator supporting @HillaryClinton who lied abt emails & Benghazi.
@rebeccastaab1 let's see what excuse he gives now
lets not forget vulnerable universities like Harvard that were scammed by you and your ethnic fraud.
You tell him Ms Warren
Clinton school biggest scam ,criminal investigation
I want this to qualify under RICO. THAT...is wut I want.
stop getting in twitter wars with trump its beneath you. Explain why you chose wall street Hillary over bernie, career?
not illegal to be stupid as #Hillary Clinton knows after being exonerated by the #FBI
Vunerable people lost their money, doctors & healthcare with the ACA. Not much to say there. Typical.
And when exactly will @realDonaldTrump by indited for these frauds he's committed?????????
What statistics are u referencing? How can anyone believe u, u lie like HRC, and get away with it like her. The Liars Club!
Warren you are a dope
I'm team warren. Orange Donald hitler - you don't stand a prayer. Women are taking u down u NAZI!
@SenWarren
Trump was wrong and he should be ashamed. But no comparison to Crooked Hillary's Clinton Foundation.
and Hillary Clinton is called most qualified for president. Obviously what people call things are pointless
After all the corruption and harm the Clintons have brought on this country, u have the NERVE to criticize Trump on this???
as if your socialist scheme is any better.
@SenWarren
Some vulnerable minority lost a scholarship to your lies at Harvard...
@foxandfriends you can stop your lies & dirty attacks, Hillary doesn't want  a lefty wacko VP candidate #TrumpPence
so they sell diplomas from almost anywhere on Ebay
all you've done is lie to the American people @realDonaldTrump has built America. people will make their decision in Nov you lose
@gary_weiss you forged your ethnicity to take a poor vulnerable minority place. Glass house is a shitty place for stones throwing
Why is it when Trump is mentioned in a tweet the trolls come out and  blame everything  on the Clintons
approves murder by calling unborn babies "fetuses" without rights or protection.  Vulnerable babies lost big to Democrat rhetoric
you're such a train wreck!
Oh Yeah, he's doing the same thing to people now, telling all those lies about bringing jobs back & coal mining # lying Donald
So glad you can focus on the important facts as people are being slaughtered all over the world.
you didn't build that Democrat party the KKK did
I perceive hatred in you.
It so easy to kick lying Pocahontas @SenWarren's ass with facts about Hillary.
No person was forced to take the classes. Every person should look at the material first to see if it works for them. Stupid!
You spew blatant lies. Feel good about yourself? Hillary needs to shut you up.
Is this worse than Clinton selling out USA for 165 mil gift to Foundation so USA Uranium could be sold to Russia? Be an American!
i am i hard working man lost a lot for the Va state you running a government he is running a business you passing my blood purser
the FBI investigate Trump U? I hear native Americans get free tuition at Trump U. Maybe u could go there for free
Hahahahaha!!!!You're so insignificant Trump doesn't even bother with you anymore.
Having an amazing Trump U diploma on my Resume, Puts me in A successful 5 star quality real estate agent category #Trump2015 #CNN
U mean like you Progressive Pigs frisk us every day through regulations & taxes while spending us into oblivion?
Hillary Clinton belongs in jail for lying to Congress about her email server and for betraying her country and national security.
Hillary Clinton violated the nation's trust when she kissed Suha Arafat, the mass murderer's wife.
tell me, what hasn't @HillaryClinton ViOLATEd? She lied to an entire country!!
and you lied about your heritage to get into Harvard ms. high cheekbones.
shut up.
and with Hillary Americans lost their lives and our secrets
don't know who the hell you think you are calling these two men weak
if he violated the law why is he not being prosecuted???    Privilege. Go get him Liz
hope you're the one that gets the V P 
pick.please give her back a message to the people.
Don't you hate it when people call themselves something they're not?
