how come Epipen still only costs $100 in Canada?
Because the US government pays for Canada's Rx discount. You can look it up if you want
I notice how you didn't say anything after your conspiracy theory got blown apart! No more Brietbart news dude!
Corporate Greed at its finest Time for Governments globally 2 start working 4 their citizens/tax-payers & stop working 4 Corps
@MylanNews has to make money! It's not a charity! American healthcare model isn't great either! #Mylan
Yes--exactly.
Mylan gives out vouchers & indiv. patients save, but 
insurers pick up tab, & we all pay higher premium
Agree, that's why we need to work toward universal health care and take the profit out of people's health.

I need another med, manufactured by them, for the rest of my life. For YEARS was cheap generic, now up 400%.
You know it!  At least this time they decided not to TOTALLY screw the customers at checkout. But still lame
This  is called taken advantage of the little guy. Also it is ill gotten gain or profits because u are taken people for a ride.
Good thing the FDA hasn't shut down all competitors & granted a near monopoly b/c of patent privileges! B/c that'd be fucked up!
the legal purpose of a pharmaceutical corporation must be to serve and protect not make a profit To provide employment and health
@fight4women 
Maybe hope
EpiPen main ingredient costs 'less than a Big Mac' - CNN
, you're my Senator. I'm a fan of yours, but be specific - what should Mylan be allowed to make for EpiPen and why? @CitizenCohn
@CitizenCohn Canada imposes PRICE CONTROLS...not that complicated
How can the govt allow @MylanNews @HeatherBresch to do this. Its blatant price gouging. So unethical.
RIP Son.  Why are resources not available now. Read more https://josephdenicola.com/2016/08/28/outside-forces-clinton-gives-fda-approval-and-resources-to-mylan/ … we know.
Hey, something out of your mouth I agree with.  Now go back and shill for Hillary.  You must be proud.
Interesting that the price hike comes after heavy lobbying to get the product to be required in most schools...
you & I know this, but unfortunately, that msg is not filtering down to ppl who only blame ACA for this.
love ur work!  Solution for price gouging-declare patents public domain for culprits
Can you tell us more about this? Thanks.
Prices are ridiculously high for many meds, even those off patent. May need government regulation to fix it. #StopPriceGouging
when will you quit monetizing my health care.  Give basic primary care free. Insurance for critical care. One payer
stop talking bad about a company that is in bed with uillary
$$$in the CEO's pocket
So, if the costs were directly paid by the consumer, costs would need to go down, since affordability would affect sales.
competition?
which keeps insurance premiums high
Big Pharma period will gouge. $ are all important for CEO pay and dividends/ of which Pen user's contribute to.
look at what they sell for in France.
I think the Govt. was a part of that. Clear out your own house, dear!
Only solution to sky-high drug prices:
Govt must regulate & cap prices.
Means letting Medicare refuse to over-pay.
Re RX prices: a century ago some development was in Gov't labs, eg NYC. Alt for orphan drugs? Public option for RX?
@billmaher "drug assistance programs" are sinister attempts to get people hooked on something that they then can't live without.
well what have u done to correct this If we wait for U we will be too old to remember what it is we want u to do
Sen. Pocahontas...all you seem to do is react after the fact...are you ever proactive?
Thank you! Keep fighting this one :)
keep calling corporate greed out Liz, I'm lucky to have you as my senator
Why is there no regulated cap on the markup of medical goods, services, and equipment, including medicines? Bribes, maybe?
Epi-GREED
Please fix it. We don't need pharma companies sticking America with these outrageous prices. Cut patents, end monopolies.

are you still part Indian. Liar.
political greed is responsible for turning corporates into monster now this monster will swallow everything including politicians
Thought Obamacare was suppose to lower medical costs. Didn't happen. Another bait & switch by the Democrats.
Does Mylan get a tax break for assistance program for Epi pen?
@amyklobuchar  RT @ljgarb: @SenWarren Does Mylan get a tax break for assistance program for Epi pen?
The pharmaceutical company runs U.S. And our lawmakers do almost nothing to stop them.
I saw that when I got medical equipment. No insurance 4 it, so I got a discount, after Ins Co denied the claim.
Please note that Mylan is spending big $$$ lobbying to make stocking Epipens in schools MANDATORY.  Seriously shameful.

my understanding is that the "justification' for costs kept high for US ins companies, gov & employers is to subsidize Europe.
The EpiPen case is a prime example of an industry out of control. Drug manufacturers, not pharmacies, are gouging the consumer.
THX @SenWarren. I'm so tired of Big Pharma using ill Americans as an ATM to keep their sector's profits the highest in the industry.
this is the part of American company greed people are disgusted with-that's what we want politicians to fix!!!!!
I am so discussed at our government's inability to do anything that it is becoming ridiculous!  And you are a clueless person
Need another company to provide a generic.
Oh come on, scumbags Mylan surely are but go after Pharmacy Benefits Managers too. I love ya but your outrage is too narrow.
u r right. But Mylan hashed a bright light on arbitrary, capricious pricing 4 proprietary drugs
Just another example of why we need to deprivatize healthcare & establish a US NHS.
Mylan has also convinced FDA to block any competition.
Thank you for staying on this. It's means a lot to families.
my son has a life-threatening peanut allergy. He's only 23 months old. I have to pay for pens for home AND school.
100% agree. Reduced price to a limited group to end when the heat is off. What about Mylan's generic at half price?
Mylan' needs a shakeup ...and we can start from the very Top...Down!
#episcam #epigreed #epifleece
when CEO sal increases from 2 mil to 18 mil well, greedy comes to mind.
this is what happens when govt  is your biggest customer.  Thanks to private ins. This came to light.
Ultimately that means we are paying twice! For the product and there our insurance,taxes etc.
please investigate car loans. Extended loan terms, high rates cost borrowers $10 to $15k. Leads to repos. It's at all dealerships
2) if EPI pen costs $10 to make, 25% cost= $40 retail-get where I'm going with this? Let's find production/packaging/Shiping cost
1) in mom&pop restaurant business a 40% food cost was high but acceptable as the markup paid the bills. At25% owners made profit
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. Shame on them.
disgusting!
sort of like Obamacare ?
Which makes our premiums keep skyrocketing! Private medicine is all about $$ when they answer to Wall Street before customers!
Of course it is.
THIS IS CALLED AMERICAN EXCEPTIONALI$M
The medicine inside the EpiPen cost about $3 and the delivery system is inexpensive. The rest is profit for someone.
: Happens frequently. It's like sleight of hand corporate style. Keep eye on seemingly beneficent offer while yr stabbed in back
- Have you *ever* put out a tweet that wasn't accusatory?
.@SenWarren it's messed up US politicians make people pay ANYTHING for something that they'll DIE without #GetAnNHSYaNumpties
and Hillary Clinton is supposed to be on the peoples side? What a crock of shit. #BringBackBernie
then fix it. Regulate to protect the people who voted you all into office instead of the donors.
this industry game brought to you by Dem politicians, create a problem and sell the solution
#CrookedHillary lover. Ignored voter violations #VoterFraud #HillaryForPrison
Think that's bad?  Just wait for TPP.  I'd say we could all change this, but that would require a democracy.
this is what happens when republiKKKans start trying to get involved in healthcare...they fck it up for everyone
actually the ceo is the daughter of Sen. Joe Manchin  a democrat.  so you are totally wrong.
Democrats have been blocked at every attempt to make health care affordable for all
Did you really think Obama care was gunna help people? Show me where one republican has blocked health care.
republiKKKans war on women alone is an attack on healthcate
lol wow did you get that from msnbc?
insurance companies will raise prices for profits, Obama care isn't forcing a price hike, CEOs are.
Look what I've found out about you. http://www.leakednews.net 
