our president sent 400 million to a foreign state that will fund terrorism. Talk about misuse of states rights!!!
What does giving someone their own money back have to do with states rights?
it was a play on words. Iran is a state harboring terrorism. If it was repayment, a wire transfer from Swiss works
This is all been explained. We don't have a banking relationship with Iran.
as my tweet said. A wire transfer from the Swiss would have worked. They do. Putting it the system makes it trackable
I understand our relationship with Iran as a classification as a state sponsor of terror
It was the same back when Reagan was selling them weapons. That's where this money came from
I know but going through a third party works. Pallets of cash are at min used for propaganda. Max untraceable
Dems don't understand constitution 1,2,3 amendments for sure. Every hear of constitutional convention
What does the Third Amendment have to do with anything?
I can only count to three. Give him a break
You said it, I didn't!
No one yet let's keep it that way.
You're making zero sense, my friend.  None.  Zip.  Zilch.
Whatever you say. When shit hits the fan. GOOD LUCK. I be protecting my family.
You should build a bomb shelter and then move into it
Really. Iran's going to invade us any day now
how about you enforce election laws #DNCLeak proved election fraud-where's your outrage on that issue-Pathetic #JillNotHill
DNC doesn't run state primaries or caucuses. How could DNC commit election fraud? @ARealPrincesa @SenWarren
by giving the impression  of a fair party process while skewing every step.
How can the DNC "skew" what state governments do? Please explain. @LProbus @ARealPrincesa @SenWarren
Since states Are different, what happened varied...
The constitution doesn't give rights it recognizes them. You think a senator would know this
Are they all intellectually challenged?
@mickivoss @HouseGOP But they really don't want states to run their own states. It's a con. They want to keep the powerbase in DC
@SenWarren @HouseGOP
@TheDemocrats don't give a shit about states rights. Abortion, illegal immigration, voter ID, gun laws?      @HouseGOP
like marriage Liawatha?
tell the orange one #Don'tTrumpOnMe
Hey, pssst. Democrats dont belive this crap. Did U forget which side UR on? #PocahontasWannabe
I thought you didn't like that? NC ring bells for ya? How's that revoked law license workin for ya?
What does this even mean.  Can't tell if she's trashing or endorsing the 10th Amendment.
"There's a 10th Amendment?!?!?" - @senwarren
.@SenWarren no, it doesn't. States have that power, but it does not come from the Constitution. Maybe ask Trump for Khzir Khan's copy?
10th Amendment
so without the 10th amendment, states would have no power to enforce state law? Try again.
Not at all. You inferred state's rights weren't in constitution. That part is. Try again
I was saying that the Constitution did not *give* states the power to enforce state laws. It doesn't.
Fair enough
then why does DOJ keep suing @RealSheriffJoe for enforcing Arizona's???
Trump's same 'ol trickle down, same thing as always, hmm "economic policies." Go get him girl!
The problem is you dumb*** is the Fed Gov is making laws that the State should be doing.
I didn't think the Democrats even knew the Tenth Amendment existed!
- No headtrips- power back to the people- Jesus Christ is Lord !!-MH !!
Lady, it's way too late for you to act like you give a damn about the Constitution.  #whataliar
It's appalling a Harvard Law professor & sitting US Senator has such a backwards understanding of our Constitution.  @SenWarren @HouseGOP
The Constitution doesn't give States power.  The STATES delegated some of THEIR power the the Federal Govt. @SenWarren @HouseGOP
The STATES delegated specific, enumerated powers to the Feds via the Constitution. @SenWarren @HouseGOP
All other powers remain with the individual citizens & the States. @SenWarren @HouseGOP
The Bill of Rights PROTECTS existing rights. It does not give rights. @SenWarren @HouseGOP
Please take a @tnselfgov course to better educate yourself. @SenWarren @HouseGOP
So NOW Sen Warren cares about Constitution? Does that include #2A, separation of powers, #1A, etc?
@realDonaldTrump don't think michelle Obama would be in nude pictures. do you wish MTrump was more like MObama?
you can share Bernie's meds
so why infringe on the First and Second Amendments?
It's precious how you try to care about The Constitution. Waiting for a BAZINGA
Awwwew it's cute that you pretend to believe what you are saying. Just more pandering and pretending. #Pocahontas
actually all powers not enumerated are reserved to the states
Lie. A-T is directly attacking US Constitution.
Thank you Senator, NC HB2 law is a perfect example, let NC handle it's own business, thank you.
The CONfederate states want THEIR states rights shoved down the throats of other states. Nothing UNITED about that!
as long as the state does not violate the constitution Massachusetts and the second amendment come to mind
State law like possessing a law license before you practice law, right Liawatha?
the only time dems care about rights is when it benefits them.  constitution?  2A?  You like that one?  Didn't think so
Not true, Senator. You represent a commonwealth, not a state.
Unsurprisingly, @SenWarren has it backwards.
COTUS "gives" nothing to the STATES, it grants LIMITED powers to FEDERAL government. @HouseGOP
then stop telling the whole country what to do. STFU WARREN@HouseGOP
go back to cheerleading for Clinton
your lack of self awareness is mind boggling.  Are you the result of inbreeding?
WOW! You really have NO IDEA, do you?

@HouseGOP
So now you are pro-Trump. Who knew! States have the right to enforce federal immigration laws BTW.
Risible considering you're one of the primary proponents of the liberty destroying regulatory (Federal) state, Senator.
wish that you understood this
idiot
When are the Democrats going to tell working class whites Republicans are their worst enemy? Spell it out clearly.
Wow, when did you find that out? Only when it suits you.
/ States rights? Go back to flipping houses & making millions off backs of Americans, you suck as a member of Congress
But Obama's DOJ won't let them.
LOL Liz, since when have you ever cared about the Constitution?  And now backing the most corrupt candidate ever.  Shame!
a lot of stupid laws
Stop capitalizing certain words. It bothers me greatly.
I'm worried that their Supreme Court nominees wouldn't be required to know the difference either!
@BernieSanders @realDonaldTrump @GovGaryJohnson
The GOP hasn't read the constitution. They care about first and second amendment. Mostly the second.
#Goofy
So you chose to support @HillaryClinton, whom opposes states passing #GMO legislation b/c makes $millions from #BigAg?
now don't get over their heads!
Let's have a #National Read the Constitution Day. Looks like most Americans need a refresher course.
State's rights doesn't mean defying Feds. Did they sleep thru @SenWarren 's class on supremacy clause/fed. preemption?
Oh Elizabeth, the #GOP has never been about states rights or small gov. It's about who controls them. We know.
The irony of a big government phony like YOU touting states rights is ludicrous and laughable, @SenWarren.
u shd hand out pocket size Constitutions, already highlighted & dogeared
Since pres Obama's terms, all these suspicions, accusations and mistrust have been rampant.  It is fueled by hate. 
why a the hell are you talking about now
The GOP is only for states' rights when it agrees with the state's action.
With all due respect, Madam Senator, what are you talking about?
I hope those AGs ignore/fight this blatant abuse of power to try to intimidate them.
you didn't care so much that the primary was stolen from @BernieSanders You sold us all out! Piece of 
why would they bother with knowing something that impedes their agenda?
the also don't understand only the states have the right to representation in our government, not parties.
Slipped their minds, just like unendorsing Donald Trump.
Those Fascist jackasses think GOP state laws trump Federal laws, in contradiction of the Constitution! LMAO
Thanks for the info, fake Indian.

@SenWarren @HouseGOP
