It should be illegal for drug companies to advertise prescription meds. Self-diagnosing is never a good idea, and save millions$$
Yea, you were sent there to roll over for the #Clintonfoundation remember? I CAN DO THIS ALL DAY LONG MA'AM!!!...
Must watch Elizabeth Warren call out the atrocities of 21st Century Cure Bill!
thats fine but you need to find a compromise that works for both sides. No is not a strategy. Keep fighting for common ground!
no, you just open your legs and pockets for them..  lol.  Fraud, hypocrite, liar... #Fauxcahontas
All in Congress takes campaign contributions from big pharma, that is why my Mom can not her medicines https://www.youcaring.com/cindy-bertram-644636 …
Who fought back with you?  Who didn't?  We need names.
We're not looking to market headache medication as the cure for Cancer, we are hoping for options for very small patient pools.
Your mindset is scary. Bad for America.
why didn't you run?
glad you fight back! It's a marathon Pls kindly have staff read Women's Rights Summit Training & Support. http://us7.campaign-archive2.com/?u=156c535ecce24379a5fe00a12&id=4229531fa8&e=264cc997e4 …
Where's your spine & fight back on #DAPL & Native Rights? Why aren't you speaking up? #NoDAPL
PREACH!! U are the first elected official besides The Bern to speak loudly for Americans
you are amazing! Why are more people not outraged? I'm disgusted sick to my stomach with Trump and the GOP
You tell them Elizabeth!
Don’t forget to keep folks fired up about the gun lobby too. Keep representing the voice of the people!
I told my Dem colleagues: We weren’t sent to Congress to roll over to drug companies. Show some spine & fight back. https://youtu.be/A1s12VfvS2g 
.....Dear @nonviolence how bout you start the change and accept that you lost and WE the people have spoken....
No backbone or principle. Yes for Carson? Did u vote 4 anyone so far? We expect more from you. Rubber stamps; all of you.
Do you ever watch yourself back on video .. Do you lol too ?? Ridiculous
Why not a spine even when it isn't convenient? Too little too late on #DAPL. Giving Trump a good reason to name you Pocahontas
Finally someone with strength. I am dismayed by the limpness of the Dem. I support SenWarren, she knows how to lead
I hope you plan to stop Trump and Ryan from gutting Medicare and or Social Security and healthcare. un-American that's a fact!
how far down the drain are we letting the DNC take us? Cowardly arthritic feckless like Jews going to the gas. Need strength now
Hv U voted no for any of these A_ _ H_ _ _ s? Ur not doin th one thng u can do.U hv no backbone! Lead by example. Please.
-If there's such a lack of conscious in American Congress, what can we expect from developing countries. Thank you.
You always step up to the plate.
where was your spine 6 months ago.
Amen!!  Keep Fighting Senator!!!
Populations so small that the incentive to develop a specific drug isn't there and/or an adequate clinical trial is impossible.
From a girl whose life was likely saved from an off label medication  - please reconsider your position on OPEN Act.
this is not giving in to drug companies. It's changing lives like mine by allowing me to get the treatment I need #CuresNow
Show some spine and investigate public corruption, patient/family abuse&perjury in Steward of Ayer with Ayer PD.
on the warpath against another industry you know nothing about
are you interested in getting re-elected?  Between fin services & biotech/healthcare that's a huge slice of your constituency
hey if I was 1/16 Indian could I get a 400k job at Harvard or do I have to be 0% like u
Did you know that people delivering supplies to the #NoDAPL protestors can face a $1000 fine? This includes needed medicines.
Hear the Words Fitting Today! Who We Are-As America! Not Trump's World! Somedayat Christmas-Stevie Wonder https://www.facebook.com/kayhaering/posts/1227997737246069 …
- You are my fellow Fiery Native American and I think you are the Greatest!
the best senator, you are loved and admired!
Obama has had 8 years to deal with drug companies- he AND U did nothing- now blame it on Trump who has not even started yet IDIOT
Stop whining!
No seriously though, what about #NoDAPL?
Big Pharma created this opoid monster. They should be punished not rewarded. Keep on fighting Senator!!!
Thank you for your hard work Senator!! Please keep up the fight, we must not let Big Pharma profit from this!!!
where have you been the last 20 years?   No credibility
Would that be her fake Indian spine??
show some spine and stand with Standing Rock. #NoDAPL
Also: drug co. ADVERTISE! Hate $$$ they spend on this. Drs used to get the info and decide if it was good choice. Outrageous!!
and will you show some spine and address what's going on in North Dakota. The silence from the Dem's is deafening!!!
Thank you!!!!! 
please reconsider and this is why!!
omg.. would you please shut up!? You're screeching is hurting my ears!
Show some spine & support ur Native brothers & sisters that fight to maintain the rights granted them by the government U work in
FACT IS MOST OF THE DRUGS ON THE STREET DO COME FROM MEXICO AND CUBA ILL BE WRITING A LETTER TO THE PRES OF MEXICO ON ALL ISSUES
please audit trumps finances.  There are blatant signs of conflicts of interest.
That's right Senator Warren.  Stay focused on the needs of the people.  PLEASE or Dems will lose forever!!!!!!!!
you are our guiding light.  Keep fighting for us we are with you.
@SSWorks @YouTube Dems Repubs need to fight for us like republicans fight to line their pockets. Dems need to grow some balls
shut up lizzy - nobody cares what you have to say
spine was needed to endorse Bernie. Wait, you didn't do that...
why not go after drs over prescribing or maybe the FDA that approved the drugs?I know, no $ in that for lying politicians like u
#NoDapl @SenWarren The same for oil comp & banks! Are Dem wrapped  up by tentacles of Wall Street? Hillary is gone, owes them 0. A sad day
#21stcenturycures is important for the #RareDisease community. We are dying.
#BIGPharma DHS funded healthcare programs committing #MedicaidFraud #Overdrugging #FosterCareChildren
Keep fighting!  Can you put together a People's Party victory tour to keep reminding everyone that we actually won?
good for you!
I support that and you. Don't let up!
@CNN @ABC @CBS @NBC @BBCNews @HillaryClinton @MomsThoughts @AlecBaldwin @RT_com
PETITION ELECTORS!
Senator are you talking the same 70% exit polls that had Trump losing by high margins. Paleease! No more BS. He Won!
Tell them to fight back against the incoming KKK adminstration. NO TO SESSIONS,
more rhetoric.
Any plans to eliminate hedge fund managers from the equation?
the people in congress don't have spines, they have checkbooks. They roll over for lobbyists and rigged primaries. Like you!
you are a very angry person! SAYS MSNBC! U need anger management? HILARY WILL HELP YOU!,maybe need straight jacket
but you rolled over for obamacare which hurt many many americans and raised costs
who sent you to Congress? It should have been to the Russian one
sore loser!
show some spine and speak out against the oil police at standing rock.
Unfortunately the Dems are minorities in both houses. Big Pharma will focus their graft to the GOP as they usually do.
like you did Elizabeth sneaking &runnin in the back door of Gorge Soros Office Building How Much Money did he offer you?
Many misleading statements in yr remarks. You claimed diseases can't be cured unless NIH, FDA funding increases. That's insane.
that's what they are elected to do.  Thank you
I love you, @SenWarren. Sincerely. But this is a confusing tweet.
I got a $350,000 Teaching job @ Harvard claiming I was Native American.
Imagine this. If instead of fighting BACK against good you joined in and HELPED make America Great Again! WOW! novel idea!
Fight back against Making America Great Again? yep that is just about right.Your party wants America destroyed.
You were decimated by your own corruption and stupidity and left wing anti American intentions. WE SAID NO! WE WILL ALWAYS SAY NO
please continue what you do! Big banks do quake in their boots with you as a mouthpiece. Please continue for America! Thank you!
I tend to agree, but why did you support HRC who was in the pocket of Big Pharma?
Such hatred and bitterness. You don't have to live your life like this, help is available.
Oh stop it--that was a big part of trumps plan
now you want by partisan votes, not so when you shoved Obamacare down the Americans throats
You talk about showing spine yet NOT A WORD about native Americans getting massacred to protect their land. #NoDAPL
You are wrong. Vote for this. Show us a clean,un-lobbied piece of legislation. They do not exist. People are dying. Act
Liz, you're unappealing as a woman, shrill, unhinged, you're going nowhere babe..
I'm with you Liz, I'm fired up, ready 2 go, On the J.O.B.! Doing my part w/www.sistersmatr.org  thank u 4 all u do
you're not native american
show some spine against #DAPL
Why don't YOU show some spine and help the protesters at @NoDAPL? At this point you have no room to trash talk @realDonaldTrump
Believe me you have more Spine than most.
Maybe show some spine and defend Standing Rock.
Your silence on #StandingRock is deafening. You're a total fraud.
sometimes politicians handle what they do best. Getting at the big banks is her domain and she does it well.
Seems she claimed to be Native American when it benefited her. Nothing but excuses from your wretched party.
Show some spine and stand for standing rock. Silence is complicity.
You should let them borrow your personal War Paint!
gel for my arthritis went from 0 to $1,095 this month, why wud anything cost that much in the 1st place
why don't you  speak out and bring the Dakota Access Pipeline to an end? THEN can you talk about showing spine and fighting back

Keep fighting. I'm thinking a 2020 run. How 'bout you? Did you get the poinsettia plant I sent you a couple 3 yrs ago?
Blah.. Blah.. Blah..

Thanks Sen. Warren. You and Bernie seem to be the only two who are prepared to fight, I wish the others would follow!
I agree! We need to be tougher, meaner...like the Repubs. #atasteoftheirownmedicine
Thanks Senator!!!! It's about time somebody told the Dems.
someone needs to stand up for #standingrock. What about having a spine???????????????????????????????? #doublestandard?
Elizabeth, the Dem. Party is an out of touch delusional impotent self-serving group of horses behinds who are clueless.
yes u all were. Some make it look like fighting, but most roll to the dollar.
why did you during the formation of the ACA? @POTUS
@OneTexasForAll SHOW US WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF, Elizabeth!!!!!
Wish you'd shown some spine and supported @SenSanders when you had the chance. I believed in you. Now? Not so much.
Still no talk about dakota access pipeline? Awesome.
they got attacked with water cannons, concussion grenades, pepper spray, tear gas&rubber bullets
really a #VictoryTour ? Get @realDonaldTrump  under control this is narcissism at its height!
You rock!! Thank you for all you do!!
show some spine? Coming from you that is hilarious, fake lizzie. Where was YOURS when Bernie announced he was running?
Didn't matter if she endorsed Bernie he couldn't get the diversity he needed to win the primary? Who did U vote for in Nov?
Good luck.  Rolling over is what Dems do best.Fold like cheap lawn chairs.Repub majorities both houses & Presidency. We r f**ked.
#StandWithStandingRock
she won't she's a fraud
You and the Dems have to stay on GOP non-stop.  Pick a few issues and never let up - just like what they have done to Clinton
I love you, but can you say something about #NoDAPL ? Millions look to you for inspiration.
another day of your cowardly silence on #DAPL.

#NoDAPL #WaterIsLife #StandWithStandingRock #standingrock
Your example supporting a deceptive politician in Hillary destroys your fake credibility -your words are empty
maybe you and your colleagues go to business 101 class and learn about cost of doing business
But you rolledover for insurance companies for the ACA
I'm suffering cuz of drug co & greedy UHC ins! I'm not an ATM & I have a right 2 get what I paid for!
you are so hateful.
well, actually, you're democrats..  thats exactly what you were sent to congress for.
#insulin Yes the cost of same has gone up over 400%.Drug Companies.have to make money,GEE!!!
What do you propose to solve the opioid O.D. epidemic then? Propose a solution!
You could tell your Republican colleagues that as well. They have concerned constituents, too.
hey Pocahontas you are a fraud!
They r saying Warren (the mouth) is emerging as face/leader of Dem party.  That's really good for the GOP,
that's the problem, you work with a bunch of paid off cowards, afraid to make simple changes for the greater good. seasonal work!
Now your talkin' Liz. Stick to what you're good at!
you've got a spine. I respect that even if I disagree with you 59-90% of the time
And yet you rolled over to support a loser and gave us Trump!
@NomikiKonst Isn't she the politician that tried to claim she was Native American? Isn't all credibility lost after that?
@NomikiKonst @
Like you showed a spine and stood up for @BernieSanders? He would/should have been our President.
Dear God NO Sal this is not Cuba or Russia THIS IS AMERICA., no more SOCIALISTS!
when even @morningmika  says your off your rocker, you are off your rocker.  Stay Classy
if you recd the majority. Then dems would be in control of congress. They arnt
yes, have some spine and speak out against DAPL in support of indigenous people. #NoDAPL #bernierock
Exactly, Dems always cower.  H Clinton needs to show some balls & demand re-counts, hold the electoral college accountable!!
. Don't roll over for GOoPs either!
Then why do u take their money u lying fool. They contribute to Dem campaigns. #FakeNews
Warren, You nutty old hag. The electorate spoke and repudiated failed democrat polices.
What are you doing other than talking?
that's all Lib's do is talk....symbolism over substance
#DAPL #NoDAPL
@sherrilee7 I agree Senator Warren.
@progressivepush I'll believe you have spine when I see you at #StandingRock You already failed Bernie. @TulsiGabbard you're not!
how about you and your Dem colleagues show some spine and stop DAPL. #NoDAPL #WaterIsLife
Why werent Dem congressional reps and senators involved in their states election and viting apparatus ovr past 8 yrs?
Looks like you have some people to answer to, @SenWarren. Get on it.
NO LIE is too big or too small to tell, if it gets them what they want.
