@SenSanders Trump's not even #POTUS and the blatant Corruption of his appointments is alarming & no-one cares to do something...!
And weren't these the very culprits that brought America to its knees in 2008?
One & the same.
So why don't we  invite the wolf back to the hen house, see if anything looks good again?
NEW HOLIDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

CELEBRATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.
can't wait for that day but he is not leaving Washington.  Very dangerous to have him in this country!
NOT TO WORRY DIANNE TRUMP WILL FIX HIS ASS IF HE OPENS HIS MOUTH. DONALD WILL HAVE THE BULLY-PULPIT NOW  AND NO HUSSEIN !!
I give you all the time you.  Your POTUS did nothing by more than double our national debt and give to revere
but you wanted hillary to be pres and she received millions from big banks and wall street. You do see the hypocrisy right?
The hypocrisy is voting Trump because of his claims to stop this, then having no issue with him filling a bigger swamp.
you try to make a point by disproving what I didn't say? The comment was to @SenWarren hipocrisy, not your straw man argument.
I didn't "try" anything. I did point out hypocrisy.
you pointed out nothing. I didn't say anything about trump, in support of or otherwise. Typical liberal deflection..
You deflected by turning it into an HRC jab. Jesus, the hypocrisy is never ending!
You sound like the teacher from Charlie Brown "WHA WHAM WHA WHA WHA..."
was he not the man that bundled the toxic mortgages which caused the collapse by 2008?
they are sure going to keep you busy! I know you will keep him in line!
hi Elizabeth what's your thoughts on ufos?
But @HillaryClinton and the @ClintonFoundation you were able to endorse? You are either blind, fooled or a hypocrite.
Because #Dems have done a great job regulating banks.. $13 trillion to the banks under TARP. But Trump right? #LoserDems
Well, maybe he'll be just as brutal to the banking moguls as he was with the 90 year-old lady who underpaid her mortgage by $0.20
Thank you Sen.Warren, You are the voice of courage, strength and resolve to resist. I support you.
Clinton got Sect of St job in exchange for political support.  Trump says no hacks: wants to get things done. Be a patriot Warren
It is just incredible the corruption we are seeing moving into the White House!
You might not get as many kickbacks as you're used to, money loving liar.
If u were smart U would have helped small banks& business unshackled from over regulation. Why? Jobs flourish& Dems win WH
he resigned from CIT board. So now what. I am sure you will dream something else up.
shut up fake Native American! Do some work for a change.
our campaign needs to be overreach. Overheat and over.
Yes we know. I ask you once again, what do you Dems plan to do about it?!
How can we help do something about these appointments?
yes, how can we the people help
Mnuchin when he took over Indybank in California evicted 35,000 ppl and made many millions
@citizenjo ...
the ravings of mad old cat lady.
America is sick of the liberal BS. Stop it. Close your mouth and stop your "HATE" and decisiveness.  Trump won, STOP whinnying
Native American??
how do you know? & so what all the fake news lies 1984?
blah, blah blah....
Another swamp monster added to DC by #DonTheCon
As the world watches these crooks getting ready to abuse our laws & country to make themselves richer.
you do not speak for all Americans. Stop thinking you do. Using your catch phrases, bigotry etc.  is why you you lose. Stop it.
So who can GOP point fingers at now; when cabinet & others look like a Wall St. Annex?
digging a hole and buying gold. Thanks for being our voice. We all must develop more of our own positive voice and listen up.
No conflict of interest there.
conflict of interest? Same thing with Trump being affiliated with 144 companies - this is troubling. Unprecedented. New Era?? :/
Where were you for Obamas cabinet? He didn't even get to pick his. The banksters did.
that's not going to be a difficult decision for him..

thank you for keeping us informed and awake.
@elizabethforma  Where do you stand on the Dakota Access Pipeline? I don't want to jump to conclusions. I feel you would be..
2) against it, but don't want to assume.
@ECpetition @HillaryClinton There's still a way to change things
ribs phony went to meet nazi soros then calls trump a bigot this fraud needs to go @SenWarren
The amount of money YOU received along with the rest of Democrats, I would think you would find another issue to attack
if u can't respect a democratic election w your best bud soros u need to resign . Enough w your nasty mouth ppl spoke
keep fighting for us Ms. Elizabeth, America needs strong, smart women now, like never before! God speed! 
When did our fellow citizens loose their common since? Putting the Foxes in charge of the Hen House once was understood. Not now.
Look at any D-politician twitter, they have resorted to straight up antagonizing ANYTHING Trump does just to create anarchy. Sick
Banana republik......here goes the democracy
we swapped the dc swmp for the wall street swamp!
would you have spoken out against @HillaryClinton's Wall Street picks?! Where are you on #NoDAPL
what's wrong with you?
maybe when President Trump puts term limits in place Warren can get a job as a cheerleader for the Washington Redskins!
Warren is a fraud. She lied to get college assistance funds. She should be ashamed.
I think more deregulation is in order now.
Maybe go one of your unhinged rants?  That'll show 'em, Fauxahontas!
YOU HAVE TO BE THE SCARIEST PERSON IN THE SENATE, YOUR ANTIGOD ANTI AMERICAN ANTI TRUMP IS SICKING. YOU WILL DIE IN SHAME WITCH.
Everyone he wants to appoint has conflicts of issue. He doesn't care for the American people, just money.
That's the least of the Dems problems!
@elizabethforma #WalkingEagle proud of an #indigenousAncestry refuses joining @TulsiGabbard and #VeteransforStandingRock #NoDAPL
don't you mean de-regulate?
Well you get @NancyPelosi again. Only reason y'all want her cause she can raise money. At least we have the best @realDonaldTrump
no conflict of interest there!! Lol
oh look! Warrens pet people.
maybe if they were properly regulated we wouldn't have to BAIL THEM OUT. Dem #FAIL
Elizabeth Warren's $5 Million Dollar "Tepee" ....looks Colonial -Irony & Hypocrisy ...
but banking profits have skyrocketed to an all time high under the "regulation" of your party
Fight. Anderson Cooper was pathetic. Bannon is a racist. Mnuchin is dangerous. Fight 4 recount.MICH, NC, PENN, Florida-willupshow
What have Dems accomplished in 8 years?   #Nastywomenlose #shutupandgoaway
we must defeat him and the other Goldman Sachs freaks. Thank you Senstor Warren for looking out for us!
Isn't this an ethics issue? Wouldn't he need to give up his seat on the board?
Stop whining.
And?......
Spunds like something $Hillary would've done!
you guys are screwed.  Trumps gonna turn the US into the sick man of the Americas
@bming5 much better to have someone without any experience. Hey Obama is available!!!
and that means what for the end user ? Higher rates fees? Better put my money under a tree know it always be there
didn't seem to bother you when voted to confirm jack Lew.  You're embarrassing our state.
go get um lizzy
Good thing you backed @HillaryClinton instead of @BernieSanders ... that was really helpful. This MA resident is NOT voting for U
how can he speaks about unity when he insults everybody
who do you want to do it Harry Reid. Maybe Tim Kaine
that's good he knows where all the skeletons are.
Drain the swamp is starting to look like lets fill it with the biggest and best gators and crocs !!!
also worried about Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Obamacare to lose them would be devastating to us
So, Now perhaps there wont be huge speaking fees paid (bribes) to you democrats
@WhitfordBradley 2/2 numbers that show up "Unknown Number."  Also, those callers should not argue when people say, "Goodbye."
@WhitfordBradley Somebody needs to tell people fund raising for "Democratic Congressional campaigns" to stop calling 1/2
and why is this the case? your party was demolished. and the people who get "hammered" as you put it know you are a liar.
hopefully they will abolish the CFPB and get rid of Dodd-Frank
Hillary took more money from Goldman Sachs than anybody.  And you supported her.  #PHONY #SELLOUT #FRAUD
Also, Obama hangs w Muslim brotherhood & Saudi's. How can you be ok with that?
Reps had no say when Obama chose his, Dems don't get a say w Trump's. KKK-started by democrats & every leader Dem. Just dem tool.
Thank God!
Opposition Party? You mean the Losing Party. Pocahontas.
someone has to. Better be the best person to do it. Don't be jealous.
I believe you meant to say "will" get to decide...
sit down Lizzie.
You are the past!! Moving on from your nonsense
Playbook.
why aren't you calling out the banks who are backing #dapl ?!
What could go wrong?
So wrong.
Dodd frank and ur little cpb baby are killing jobs and destroying lives.
why can't someone get Trump out of office. He is a criminal and he is raping our country. Please help the USA.
So funny that the less educated bought the bullshit about draining the swamp.  Foolish people.
Dems aren't even Americans anymore elitist socialists even communists that's why you lost the house Congress &of the White House
Libs&Dems had your chance for 8 year & it was a giveaway U ruined our Country sit down shut up our turn
Carrier deal is corporate Welfare and no one seems to care.
no honor amongst thieves.
Hadn't seen you so sad since #Harambe was killed
Looked as if you were going to cry while interviewed by @andersoncooper yesterday, pleading "But he promised, he promised..."
I noticed you have not been considered for any key appointments I Wonder why?Stop talking please for one day
he is a crook who made billions during the housing COLLAPSE and TRUMP always said to hate Wallstreet now he hired 2 from W.S.
That makes more sense to me than an uninformed senator who gets almost everything wrong because U talk with no real experience.
What has happened to our small community banks?
@Republiicunts how many servants does Warren have @ her mansion
and you supported @HillaryClinton the queen of wall street donations so u have no right to talk.   SHUT UP!!!!!!
how convenient
u are a delusional woman
too big to fail= too big to exsist.
Welcome to the next crash.
Well? did y'all imagine that Blunderland could last forever.
isn't he one of the guys who should be in prison for what happened to our economy in 2008?
The Dem Gov (Clinton)created the crises& negotiated recovery badly(Obama). Mnuchin played by Gov rules and cashed in.He took risk
more filling the swamp rubbish. Trump putting foxes in the nations hen houses. Dumb us !
Mnuchin cashed in on the recovery plan agreed to by the Dem Gov (Obama).He is a better negotiator.That is why Trump hired him.
Warren u are a phoney you took millions from Wall St. so who are you to preach to others?  Everything you accuse others of you do
The fraud Warren takes money from wall st and admitted it so will she give it bacK?
Warren confirmed her abject hypocrisy when she disclosed accepting political $$ from Wall St despite her repeated cries against
No Doubt Mnuchin profited from the Gov bailout but he did not create the bank crises. The Gov deregulation under Dem Clinton did.
what shocker that trump picks his cronies and butt kissers. Looking at you mitt.
"Drain the $wamp"? "WE THE PEOPLE" $hould begin to realize that WE got took on that "CON" and 
pelo$i i$ back & weaker than ever?
no more pocket lining for you and your special interests people. You're the evil demented child right now
Whistleblower screams for  justice & Spiritual Lesson. NETFLIX $60B loot racket https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgeqEu2y7yk … …
great. Better than a career pol that has no clue how things work.
Thank you for speaking out. Very inspiring.
.@SenWarren http://www.liberalforum.org/index.php?/topic/162455-we-need-more-tax-brackets;-not-fewer/?p=1059646454 … http://www.cafepress.com/sunshinecollage.2020162792 …
@andcowlicks how, really how, is this even LEGAL?

@JuddApatow What are we gonna do about these big democrat donors?
It's a sad day.  Heck it's  a sad year.
@JuddApatow  well isn't that some bullshit served on toast?
well , we'll  just have to wait and see what the BILLIONAIRE BOYS CLUB CABINET WILL DO FOR AMERICA HMmmm.....
@DonCheadle what a show
How is this possible? #conflictofinterest
why am I not surprised
Still better than Hillary!  Suck it up cupcake.
puts the fox in the henhouse
@EternalPogress I'm no fan of Trump, but the bills you pushed for only help big banks. You're a thief #taxationistheft
don't see why you mentioned me out of thousands that retweeted this. Politicians may as well be defined - corrupt.
it wasn't an intentional mention. Your name just showed up in it. Nothing was directed toward you.
 Okey dokey
all #Trump has done is #DrainTheSwamp so the crocs can freely roam the marsh and take down everyone in sight.
Are you one of the Soros puppets too?
when you call somebody the Forrest Gump of Wall Street are you mocking the handicap @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @KellyannePolls
@Morning_Joe @morningmika "She is sounding like the people she is accusing of as being exclusive. Exhausting, shrill, unhinged.."
the only ppl who can fix mess is the ones who made the mess(except congress of course-they can't fix a thing)
u lost no one cares about your opinion.  Crybaby
Thank you. A common theme in the incoming admin, hiring those that opposed regulation in their careers to now lead regulation.
that is the best news I've heard in decades.
Perhaps this demonstrates that there's too much centralized power. I couldn't agree more.
@JuddApatow atleast we no about his background U had to lie about yours 2 get to where u r Wuld u prefer some1 with no experience
@FritzAlverez resist EVERY REPUBLICAN MOVE EACH AND EVERY TIME!  #NOCOOPERATION ! #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Warren is just another blowhard Liberal, hand in corporate pockets.
If you Libtards are actually embracing this looser

Thank You
how about Trump got the money out of Indiana to pay Carrier to keep the 1000 jobs there...any dem talking on TV about that
who better than a guy who lived in the trenches of recovery and carries lessons learned. Also dealt well with reulators
I'd rather you progressive up and focus on immediate and pressing concerns.  #NoDAPL
your a vile woman
if in fact you are a woman. With that butch hair cut I'm betting your a lesbian or transgender
wouldn't be surprised at all.
You lost and the world you Libs tried to force on us by identity politics is fading hopefully for good. Socialism is not freedom
@JuddApatow @SenSanders Is there nothing we can do?  Where do I send my hologram vid?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIFJLMyUwrg&sns=em …
Shouldn't he have to resign his board position?
Regulate SSI NO SSI 4 LESS 25 YEARS contribute NO EXCEPTIONS! Remove Drunks No robbing old folks! No $118K caps all 6% $1000 min
Good has to be better than Obama. All you rich people are thieves remove SSI caps get Drunks and Meth of off SSI double SSI pay!
where are the ethics advisors?
I bet Saudi contributions will go way up to the Clinton Foundation now that Hillary can do charity work full time!
horrifying terrifying and we all know exactly what is going to happen goodbye middle class and > forever @SenWarren @GhostPanther
IS ANYONE going to help us? Will there actually be a fight to save our Medicare and Social Security? #worriedandsick #saveus
@DonCheadle so call your senator and urge the to vote against confirmation CALL
