shocking Fraud loot manipulation in NETFLIX Stock every day.MARY JO WHITE GANG . $60B loot ponzi scheme
THANK YOU!
Please run for president in 2020, or sooner
can you take a stand on native rights with #NoDAPL next?
@SSWorks please please do not let them gut our SS or Medicare we paid into it. It is our money not theirs to cut it's ours
actual experts or "experts"?
okay, I see. So you don't mean actual experts. You want crazies that pander to beliefs with no basis of facts. Good luck!
that's pretty dramatic. And I need a psychiatrist? If you don't like rude responses, don't be rude first.
so it's really simple. Stop tagging me and I won't respond.
You are a person who speaks in an inflammatory tongue. You have no clue what the American people want! Certainly not your lies!!!
can you link to the bill?
you're a FRAUD...as a Massachusetts resident I'm ashamed of you and all you stand for
. I care and love America. Give them Hell Elizabeth!
if you don't negotiate for drug prices it's your fault not there's??
why are you not talking about #DAPL Irresponsible and gutless if you ask me. You worried about oil financing your opponent
tell them mamá
you should  just go away  your FIRED
Shut them down.
.@SenWarren while you are at it Liz, can you slip in ANY mention of what is happening at Standing Rock ND?  #NoDAPL #MniWiconi #WaterIsLife
the dems and obama have been very quiet about dapl. Bernie is the only one talking about.
Yes we Know we know YOU speak ad nauseaum and nobody wants to hear your hateful rhetoric. This is a new DAY! Hate goes out with O
The entire health care system has been hijacked by lobbyists and managed care executives. Decision made are not patient centric!
@MiMi1PokerDiva 120 pills a 228 thousand dollar bill! Fact! WTF?
I love you 
Keep up the good work. We need you now more than ever in the dark times to come.
just woke up!

@HillaryClinton deep with the Pharma companies! Only goes after those who will not pay!
https://pro.hsionlineorders.net/HSI160415A/PHSIS306?h=true …
.@SenWarren Thanks for this. Now get on rebooting the Device Unit and taking a broom to FDA's Dental Unit of pro-industry #mercury lackeys.
Legalize competition @SenWarren
saw your video. . You were awesome girl! I sincerely wish you were my president!
: How?  Can you put up on your web page so we the people know what you're talking about?  Inform the taxpayers please.  Thanks
when is this happening and where can I see it? The link doesn't work.
When do lawsuits vs rhetoric begin? Really tired of good speeches vs action.
so where's the bill to allow (better yet, compel) Medicare to negotiate drug prices. I want the names that oppose this. @JoeNBC
What was it like speaking to an empty room?
time to retire......
go girl!
You are s force to be reckoned with. Thank you for working so hard. It does not go unnoticed .
GO LIZ!!!
Trump is going nuts about voter fraud it remains me that Rome had its mad Emperors, do we have our first mad president ?
It's beginning to look like we have been duped into electing a mad President, North Korea ring a bell?
Keep up the fight for what's right. We need you.
big pharma,NRA,insurance has stolen America. Not to mention the KOCH bros
if you supported an ammendment to the Constitution for fair&free elections, lobbies like big pharma would dissappear. @WolfPAChq
Go on the warpath...!!!
Sorry, but if anyone hijack this century it's @realDonaldTrump #NotMyPresidentElect


OBAMA TURNED DOJ INTO PROSTITUTES OF GLOBALISTS BANKSTERS & CORPORATE THUGS. NETFLIX $60B LOOT PONZI SCHEME PARTNERSHIP
Unmitigated TRUTH! We cherish you & all you Bring, Sen Warren!
What about concerns for #DAPL, @SenWarren?
and it will go no where, waste of time, the floor doesn't care what you dems have to say, get on the Trump train or move out, sad
There is going to be a point where unchained capitalism will make we the PEOPLE snap. I pray I never see that day. so stop them.
go get em
kind of like you STOLE by FRAUD money from the Cherokee nation? That money should be returned and u prosecuted.
brava! 
...and #DAPL has high-jacked Native American land 

'Real' Progressives will NEVER forget your silence on #NoDAPL 
You go "Nasty Woman" we other nasty women are proud of you!!
GFY!  Your concerns are no longer and have never been relevant.
With you 100% ... Rock the floor!  So happy to see Senators fighting for us
good luck we need people for us.
@SWulf2817 #NoDAPL #NoDAPL #NoDAPL #NoDAPL #NoDAPL #NoDAPL #NoDAPL #NoDAPL #NoDAPL #StandWithStandingRock #StandWithStandingRock
go get 'em! 21st Century Cures Act should never have originated in Energy & Commerce!
help me, Obi Wan Kenobe, you're my only hope!
Thank you so much for letting us Americans know what is going on in this bill!
go get em sen warren people like u give us hope that not all is lost!

you were great! Thank you for your boldness and candor!
sitting in a doctor's office right now as a patient explains she cant pay the premium plus the add'l costs for things not covered
If gov't focused on diet & disease, (whole food plant based, no added sugar, oil), Big Pharma would go out of business.
You rock! Thank you for your work.
Russia and Wikileaks has Hijacked the U.S. Presidentcy!
.@SenWarren Sen. Warren: stream seems to only be live, & there's just the Trump-backing turkey wittering on now. Any way to replay your bit?
Thank you for saying what needs to be said...
Oh look, she's going to have a Pow Wow.
Loved your speech.
Maybe that's because Cornyn has done so & doesn't want anyone to find out. Best congress $ can buy.
You rock!  No huge payouts for Pharma.
Cornyn is speaking about Warren.  That man couldn't shine her boots. Says he doesn't like her talking about selling votes.
Go get em Senator!

Don't waste your time, no one watches/listens to your hypocritical babble! What a waste of a Senate seat, Scott Brown did better!
your silence on Standing Rock is pretty loud.
how about that bill on the Syrian no fly zone? You want a war with Russia
let's try the free market to drive down pharma costs. Novel.
if the Republicans are pushing hard to quickly pass this bill I'm sure it's bad for the country.  Thanks for all that you do.
we are going to go broke in our two cancer household!!!
Big Oil has hijacked the 3rd Millennium.  Please speak out on DAPL.   #NoDAPL
If anyone can do it,  you can
watching you now!
Thank you!
I would be nicer to them; they may secretly have a cure for your particular strain of stupid.
do us a favor and resign. Move to Cuba. Drink some mojitos and disappear :)
#NoDAPL
go get em, e.w!
Go Go Go, Senator Warren!!  Stop the pharmaceutical insanity!  It's totally immoral to hold sick people hostage! #Unfair
Go Get 'em, Senator! *This* is why I was relieved when you decided to stay instead of going top ticket...
thank you! Big Pharma seems to hijack everything…
Good chance she's not happy with funding and shares Grassley's concern over Sunshine Pay changes.
well done
make sure Democrats in the Senate stop trump.
<3 get em Sen Warren <3
#GivEmHellElly
Thank you Elizabeth.
you go girl. I absolutely love you!
Give em Hell Liz!
Thank god we have at least one person still in office trying to save us. Please don't ever give up!  #NoMyPresidentElect
Thank you.
go Elizabeth! Please help
