@citizenjo @realDonaldTrump The noose around America just gets tighter & tighter. They've been planning this a long time.
It's going to get worse based on the choices made by Donald. It looks like a mob. 
hi Elizabeth such a fan what's your thoughts on ufos?
Hope to see you continue with your hate filled rants. Sure helped Hillary. You are just too stupid to realize it
U r insane. The USA is sick of u & the demo party. Morality will return. It will be this way 4 the next 16 yrs.
that's President Elect to you!
-  @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaAWildernessAgain not #MAGA
where did Bill Clinton and B Obama's treasury secs come from? That's right, Goldman-Sachs! Shut up Liz!
good
What innate Reflex causes the Democrat Hive to Constantly Canonize Absolute Hypocrites and Pharisee's Like @SenWarren ?
ur bias is showing. You supported HRC who took Wall Street $. If ur so righteous then at least be consistent
Or perhaps Trump should give it to someone who lied about being an Indian? No one cares about your opinion.
; Gov does not monitor regulators. These are contracts given out as political payback. Warren is full of crap.
Guess what Lizzy @SenWarren You a Toothless Tiger, You didn't "WIN THAT ELECTION"@realDonaldTrump Did. He has already helped Middle America
OMG did Trump sellout? Can't think of any democrat who would do that hum can you???
Watched you on AC360 tonight .

Reminder : Hillary didn't "Win" she lost !

Respect the Chamber & POTUS elect
wasn't obamas treasury secretary a tax cheat at one time?
Look at any D-politician twitter, they have resorted to straight up antagonizing ANYTHING Trump does just to create anarchy. Sick
Part of the problem: ppl are perfectly happy to allow others to think for them-virtually no response. https://www.facebook.com/mitzidawn/posts/10154786136337269?notif_t=like&notif_id=1480556232594448 …
lmao are you high?
is a lying fraud!! How DARE she speak for the middle class! Eat sh!t #Pocahontas & leave us all alone! @CNN @realDonaldTrump
Donald Trump is the president. So get used to it Hag!
That's a great thing. It's about time we got our country going again! Liberalism is a mental disorder, get help!
Whistleblower screams for  justice & Spiritual Lesson. NETFLIX $60B loot racket https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgeqEu2y7yk … …
can you please take a stance for #NoDAPL Would love to see you actually fight for indigenous ppl #WaterIsLife
Hahaha. She doesn't have permission from her donors like Soros to do that!
warren you have no credibility anymore
based on what exactly? The fact that grand emperor @realDonaldTrump said so?
More than likely her support for Hillary over Bernie in the primary :p Bernie 2020!
really? are people seriously still hung up on that? I voted Bernie too but shit happens
and as much as it sucks he probably won't be able/want to run in 2020
Why do you say that? Hes in great health. Hindsight is 2020 ! Bernie 2020!
god help us all!
take a stance #NoDAPL

These people Trump is hiring don't need d money like Clinton, Sanders and you, can bring prosperity not misery.
I would be with you on this but you supported Hillary and didn't care she paid by wall st, now it's a problem?
The lowest unemployment number and the highest number of people ever looking for work. DNC dishonesty must stop
So how does one persuade red state voters to care about these issues which we Dems think r so impt?? I dont get these ppl...
Elizabeth SHUT up ! U just had made a fool of yourself live CNN with Anderson ! Haa!!!!!
Hey Elizabeth, the country has spoken. Time to step aside and let the country prosper.
If Elizabeth wants to play Politics then u go ahead but Americans want Economics Jobs & Family! Trumpwillfulfill
I quivered like a mouse when I read this. Thank you for fighting for us.
Elizabeth Warren should retire & Zip her F mouth ! Ignorant B !
That guy was responsble for thousands of Californians losing their homes!
How the hell Ex GoldmanSach hav to do with Wall St now!!!! R u alright Elizabeth!
I think Trump hav Goldman Sach is noting to do with watever U said abt Wall St !!! Elizabeth W is actinlikeafool
that's why I'm praying.  Those fools  might  make (cont) http://tl.gd/nn6tc8 
I trust Trump much more than I trust Dems. You want illegal immigrants which lower wages for working class Amrcn
TRUMP will save the USA from you bad politicians!!!
ugh please stop talking. All you do is complain
keep fighting!!!! please get the dems to push voters out during state elections so we can get more in congress to fight w/u
OMG! We need a REVALUTION!!!!!
all I hear is that the Republicans are the problem, never the Democrats right?
Pocohantas is SUCH a whiny, tedious woman!
HOW MUCH LOOT SHARE GOLDMAN SACHS/NETFLIX/MARY JO WHITE/ERIC HOLDER GANG HAVE FOR YOU? HOW TO DRAIN SWAP?
KEEP BARKING HIGH TREASON CRIMINALS. USA IS BUSTED AND ALL WEALTH OF 99% LOOTED & TRANSFERRED INTO POCKET OF 1%
What about Standing Rock? #NoDAPL
guess America is about to go into foreclosure so u & ur friend can get Richer while we loss everything
think he meant he was going 2drain their swamp but fill his own? This man he picked foreclosed on my moms house
good
Hallelujah, gov't out! You stillneed a real job! You should try banking. U can have allthe rules you want there
This is dangerous.  Trickle down farce again?

http://www.snopes.com/1998-trump-people-quote/ …
Recipe for disaster.
Senator you are a dried up POS with zero integrity you have made a good living lying & deceiving people shut up
What can we do????? #losingcredibility
talk about PO she thought she wld b named to @HillaryClinton administration. Trashed @realDonaldTrump
This is going to be a battle for the ages. Tell us what to do. And #GrabYourWallet ! @slpng_giants @shannoncoulter
Please  don't let that happen!
This is going to be a disaster for normal people who need assets protected, not gambled away by greedy bankers
yep ...  asking a fox to guard the hen house
She isn't going to do anything but run her trap.
What are you going to do about it? How can we help?
REMEMBER WHAT THE NASTY WOMAN SAID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.
At this point, I kinda want America to feel the full incompetence of a Republican platform.
The swamp is wide and deep and many will be sucked into its morass before this is over.
this is just the beginning
The king of foreclosure
time to buy tons of Goldman Sachs stock
and that's ok.....leave it to the grownups Liz
Calm down Liz. Economic growth is new to you. hasn't happened in almost 8 yrs. I'm sure you'll get used to it!
hasn't happened in 8 yrs? Really? Were you awake in 2008?

shut up
wow what great news


Seriously, what could go wrong here??
dems brought this on themselves. She never should have been on the ticket. Dissapointing. Now what?
#DonTheCon #ImpeachDay1 #NeverMyPresident
and #NoDAPL is STILL happening in your silence
