His business skills will jumpstart the economy!  Democrats had 8yrs & hollowed out the middle class
and replacing us all with illegals and migrants off our backs!
Here they come all manner of toxic noxious swamp slime slithering to DC to steal .
Get him miss warren
Pocahontas is on the war path again.  Screaming like a crazy woman isn't an accomplishment.
what the hell are you talking about?

Rewinding the clock 8 years. Devastating and demoralizing.
I hope you're right. Really.
And do away w/ that ill-conceived consumer protection group.
you and your Democrats have been doing for the past eight years what's the difference
please keep it transparent
you are perfect! Everything you've ever done or thought is perfect! Including stealing over 350k!
Hand them over!
Twitterbrat Trump wants to use the White House to make him/fam/cronies richer.
Trump voters fell for a conman.
what do you call Obama and Hillary?  Truth speakers?  Ha ha
You're not a Native American!
why bring obama into it
it's so very interesting you are back by rose banks or have you forgot OPS I FORGOTNIT TO TELL
How did you get rich again???????????    @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury  Term limits effective asap
Your team lost the election. Get over it.
may have lost election but did u sign up for an all billionaire team plus his kids and his business
Yep!
Like Obama has! All your crying is going no where!
Wow LOL it was the big banks all supporting ur failed candidate tell the truth much of course not!
Poor, poor wittle Super Delegate.    @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury
Stop, you are not that important
As a senator you are pathetic
Pot, meet kettle.
go Senator Warren! We need more senators like you willing to #resisttrump
HRC was going to appoint every single person in gov't from Banks  she took $ donations you backed
Electoral votes: Trump,306, human decency, zero (0).
we want Pence in 2017
we can not allow this absurdity of @realDonaldTrump millionaires to touch our treasury! @USTreasury he will use it for profit!
she has a big mouth!
And that's EXACTLY what Trumps going to do. The DEMOCRATIC PARTY has become so WEAK! Can't touch T!
Poor @SenWarren, your hate tweets make no sense
http://www.RalphCorbett.com/box-shadow-art-text-highlighting.html …
#truth #hidden #messages #RalphCorbett
Impeachment due to treason should be your #1 priority. If it's not you're failing the US Please
Warren do you have evidence to support that Mnuchin will be doing that?
What are you so afraid of? You must have skeletons in your closet that you don't want to let out!!!
 and #WallSt rob the @USTreasury again wl cause major depression collapse & lost of AA rating worldwide!
as @newtgingrich said you're the bitter angry out of touch left
Stop Standing in the way of Love & Light! => @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury
Let's work to make sure this woman is not re-elected. Schilling for Senator!
@TammaraMaiden1 @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury
Better watch Trump like a hawk, him and his "squad" are gonna take over washington and make $$$
Let him make his bed and lie in it ..... then get the arrest warrant
Why not?Newt wants to change conflict of interest rules for trump.Can you say swamp?
what and the Clintons had everyones children in mind btw how is the manson you live in
u were in the #fdic when it failed to protect our investments from predatory lending.  Shut up!!!!
you hurt me when u profited from a poor Americans house being foreclosed.
450k for one class? #notnative.
Hey E. Buzz off with you left wing waaaah,waaah, waaah. Wait, let me get my . You Lost, get over it
AT LEAST HE WON'T WASTE IT LIKE THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION HAS RUNNING UP THE DEFICIT TO 20 TRILLION.
U seem to forget one little thing; Hillary Clinton is big banker, wall street, foreign money taker!
you are so "ate up" with trying to destroy Trumps Presidency you are NOT even considering the U.S.

which is what the private bank known as the "Federal" Reserve Bank has been doing for decades.
Its Barney Franks, Jimmy Carter, and Bill Clinton who were responsible for this travesty.  Own up.
what bills have u sponsored to hold big banks accountable ?
Hillary and Democrats are NOTHING BUT FRAUD CORRUPT LIAR FRAUD CORRUPT LIAR FRAUD CORRUPT LIAR! FAKE

Trump is draining the swamp so he can put his Monsters in it, Wake up America
The big picture here is Trump forming a world financial group that will rob the world so to speak
Off the subject but please tell Sen Schumer to STAND the hell up to Trump!
it was either Steve or Joey buttafuoco!
Excuse me.. Jack Lew is a disgrace.. let Obama raid our Treasury to sneak $ Billions/Gold to Iran
The case you have to make isn't banks profiting - but how @stevenmnuchin1's actions harmed anyone.
warren the scammer got $750k for teaching 2 classes at Harvard. how does she have ANY credibility?
Isn't that what happened under President Obama & Democrats?
Fight Warren!!!!
DNC took all kind of money from Wall Street.  Obviously the DNC disagree with you?
@pacneil @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury if only the government had some group of people to control the nation's purse-strings!
hey bimbo to quote the worst president every Obumma "elections have consequences"
Regular Americans need more people like Elizabeth Warren to scrutinize this new Administration
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury Dems' Dodd-Frank benefited large banks, hurt small banks, but ok.  http://www.politico.com/agenda/story/2016/09/community-banks-dodd-frank-000197 …
Working with Repubs nxt yr won't do dam thng 4 economy.I hope us wrk with Trump no btr than they did with Obama!

Cleaning the swamp Donald? How quickly ye forget! Your "Presidency," house of cards!!
Looking at Trump's impending administration is like viewing the Apocylpse! How can Trump's
Deplorables actually believe that this group of thieves will care about them?
so shut her blabbering lips and lets @realDonaldTrump run @USTreasury way a business would be run!
Just like Tim Geitner, so no change.
PLS suggest what the Amn people can do to prevent the demise of our country- media mum about election HACK-LOUD about emails
saldırıyı ilk kınayan sizsiniz,? O zaman teröristlerden desteğinizi çekin PYD -pkk sizin desteğinizle ayakta
Wants To Sell Out America While They Make  Profit Tampering With Other Countries! With King #Soros https://themuslimissue.wordpress.com/2016/12/16/greece-muslim-viciously-beats-toddler-in-the-shower-at-migrant-camp-because-he-did-not-like-baths/ …
we should do a recount in California, who wants to chip in so I can steal your money like a Democrat
seriously how can you enrich a billionaire just a bunch of talking out of your shit holes.
- @SenWarren, you should have thought of that before you endorsed Hillary! You should have endorsed Bernie! #idiocy
DID YOU JUST MAKE THIS UP? WHERE IS THE PROOF. STOP SPREADING LIES. THE DEMS LOST THE ELECTION.
maybe the Ds can make a meaningful stand for once!
No one gets richer off the backs of the working class than POLITICIANS
Such a bad choice. Mr. Trump's entire cabinet is so wrong for America. What's wrong with him.
So us little people can be further abused by them and suffer more indignities like Wells Fargo!
@MAHAMOSA @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury      @HillaryClinton would've done same thing--@BarackObama did
@bizacco @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury...keep sounding the alarm miss Warren, i appreciate your work, will you run in 2020?
Trump knows we are close to bankruptcy. He's not going to screw citizens.Bankruptcy fails businesss!
@Deemoney521 @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury
Democrats Should Fight All of Trump’s Nominees. Yes, All of Them. http://bit.ly/2hnQAQ9 
How about students with "real Native American" ancestry who lost out because of your high cheeks?
you won't stop anything! Irrelevant!
These men epitomize everything that's wrong in this world. And Putin and Comey gave em the WH. OhGod
Hahahahah you get paid 400,000$ to teach one class at a college and now your worried about what people pay for stuff #yourafuckingidiot
So, how do you or we stop them?
and now you're a physic and able to predict the future. You're better than this elizabeth
SO is the fix in on the EC? is it predetermined they will keep Trump and what should be an invalid election will stand?
stop Warren. You're a divisive figure, don't ya know. Your candidate lost, accept it already.
Such a whiner...
Dems want a cut
Big deal! There's no money Honey! You all spent it on crap for your offices.
because he's a douchebag with 0 morals. They want to light the world on fire and watch it burn
@anthony_susie_b @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury clear the GOP doesn't care about us. Scared 4 my fams future. What can be done?
drumpfy is going to make America great again for the top 1% and himself no one else!!!!!
Your personal conclusions are misleading. Trying to project s false narrative. Let's unite instead.
is this all you know how to do anymore? Tweet divisive remarks? Do your job and negotiate on how to move the country forward
No that was the choice of indifferent Democrats, including woman & minority voters who didn't vote.
Please explain what has happened in the last 8 yr.
Hmmm, I think we are starting to see a pattern, she said facetiously.
You tell'em #lyingliz! #hack  #givingdopesavoice
are their facts to back that fear mongering up. Where is the plan. Show us.
Please stop him!
some one needs to hand you the keys to your car so you can get the hell out
cant wait for your next reelection event. #lose
like Obama and Hillary
BLOCK THE CONFIRMATION!
Please fight this!!!!
you get them girl!! We are the majority and have your back!! #dumptrump #notmypresident
You're right - that's the plan.
It appears that the Trump Train may be unstoppable because Americans no longer have the courage of our forefathers. Help us!
Trump's whole plan is to enrich himself and his "friends". The only reason he ran for president.
.

LIAR, LIAR PANTS ON FIRE !!!

.
when you truly understand the free enterprise system , then you can comment
There's more to it than you think. @realDonaldTrump chose him so when it happens, it'll add to feelings of anti-antisemitism.
In situations like this I always ask myself, what does the fake Indian think....?????
Trump operates on debt.. he wants everyone else to as well.
& we know they'll socialize the losses as trump will gladly make the taxpayers bail them out. Sad.
Drumpf needs to be tried for ethics violations, insider trading and probably treason
it will be a sad day in America but we are glad you are there to protect us!
Blah-blah-blah...
I miss where you said same about Hillary?  Is there ANY honesty in Washington?
this is insane!
Really looking forward to 2008 v 2.0 now that I have a mortgage!  Wheeee! #JK #WeAreDoomed
because sadly, some Americans need to be saved from themselves. #NeverMyPresident #notfitforoffice
give a man a gun and he can rob a bank...give a man a bank and he can rob the world
@ReneFleischbein @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury 

Butch Cassidy has nothing on THESE bandits!
stop w/the class Warfare yr afraid Trump will b successful!!
i say no

DJT et al. MUST BE STOPPED!!!!!
Hell no! People lost their homes in 2008 thxs to MnuchinTrolls! Fire him in ash!
I'll never forget how you failed to endorse @SenSanders & instead the big bank #Hillary party. Liar
@graceslick77 @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury This is nothing but a big business deal 4 the Cess pool coming in.
thank representing us Pocahontas, you are obviously so in tune with the American people.
Let him do his thing. Not sure what will wake Americans up to fact and truth.
unlike taking money meant for Native American students to go to collage? Let's remove you first!
Where is your actual proof of this, Pocahontas?  All talk and little substance, as usual. @realDonaldTrump @USTreasury
Warren, The country watches your hate and knows you are not here to help us, only urself
the patients will be running the asylum. They'll destroy the economy in three years.
Sen Warren, u r the only one I trust to stay true and fight in a meaningful, practical way. Pls lead
It's called "the duopoly" and it runs on money.
No surprise there.
#ResistTrump
NOT on OUR watch! How can WE help?
wait a minute stop right there. Donald Trump is not in Whitehouse yet. You don't knw so please. 
For all those attacking the Senator... what is your motivation? She is fighting for US, not the big banks.
Drumpf supporters job is to shoot themselves in the foot. Intelligence is not their strong suit
