then why isn't HRC in prison?
well your party tried to convict her and found.... nothing! Even your president elect said she's fine.
it's not up to him
lol, everyone who was involved in the hearings cleared her. So what are you grasping at?
and if you do believe in the law. Then why not worry about foreign bribes going to trump? Or his business, or his taxes....
like w Clinton
well cause Clinton isn't going to be president. I figured that would be obvious.
well she was Sec of State I figured that's pretty obvious
LOL.... Hillary???? #lockherup
Update your bots
@monkeypox0104 what are u talking about?! Trump supporters don't care about facts, laws or the truth.
no they do,that's one of the big reasons Hillary lost.
well he's not a fraud,and sexual predator please do show me a link where he assaulted anyone.
wow such a long list,you'd think he would be brought up on charges,funny how he hasn't
u guys committed Bill Cosby for sexual allegations but cry "no evidence" when it comes to trump. Weird
So Hillary should get a free pass
Those rules don't apply to Hillary, Remember?
How did you become so wealthy??????
wait, wait....let me guess?? ding-ding-ding-@HillaryClinton!!
OK DEMS, be smart..talk about ways to tweek OBAMACARE to lower prices & make it better! Fight this with solutions not rhetoric!
Tell me about how you claimed to be Native American when you're actually not. That seems dishonest.
please be ever vigilant - we already know the kind of corruption to expect
Put up the good fight Warren, we will not allow the GOP to turn us into a Kleptocracy!
@SenStabenow @SenBookerOffice please make sure they do
I know someone that laughs her head off when she reads this. Are you sure about this message???
But Congress members can legally engage in insider trading.
are you leading the front to put Hillary in jail?
Please inform @SenBobCorker .  He doesn't want us to see Tillerson's IRS filings. How much corruption is acceptable?
Sure, but who will prosecute? Jeff Sessions?
Why do you think they wanted gut Ethics comm? They know they can go to jail!! So unbelievable, founding fathers didnt forsee this
Pardon the expression, but it's time for you and @TheDemocrats to "go nuclear."
Where were you when Eric Holder was lying to Congress?
I know of a familiar politician that did something very similiar, yet hasn't faced jail time, and you happened to endorse her.
is fauxchahontas!
Exactly, let's investigate Trump from day 1!!!
@KellyannePolls Why didn't you push to have Hillary charged with all the BILLIONS to Clinton Foundation "Pay to Play"
o rly!?! I guess Clinton Foundation didn't get that memo
PLEASE Madam, stay vigilant, hire a food taster and dont drink tea with #PutinsPuppet
Yes, this assumes that the #GOP has ethics and will enforce the law...sadly, either of these is a stretch. @SenWarren
Do you read? Or do you just live in a bubble. The DNC has been the most corrupt organization for years now.
Oh shut up already Hillary ain't in jail so no one else is going to jail for something that small
Conservatives in Congress such believers in Golden Rulethey want to render ethics investigations a thing of the past.
I wish you well in this reguard as the NoPublicans like to change the law/rules to make what was illegal legal.
#LockHimUp #ImpeachTrump #treason
Now whose gonna prosecute them - the GOP???  Not!
Wait now you are bringing up law. Funny, the last 8 years you stood by with your hand out and said nothing.  Who needs looking at
yeah, but who will prosecute?  Trump will own DOJ, and he already owns FBI.  This is a bloodless takeover of USA
Military coup.
that will never happen.  It's up to us.
You mean like @HillaryClinton ?
still crying over her, huh? Poor kid
 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Such a beautiful phrase. 
So when are you taking to the floor to demand Hillary be investigated for the fraud that is the Clinton Foundation?
so @HillaryClinton is not in jail why??
Funny.  I know a politician who's done that and has yet to face jail time for it.  In fact, you endorsed her at one point.
you and @HillaryClinton must know about that law first hand.
America dodged a bullet this election. Thank God for President Trump! He won, deal with it!
The Democrat Party has become; The American Communist, Socialist, Marxist Party. The Founding Fathers R turning in their graves!
Senator the gops are breaking laws  and so far are laughing at our laws
You supported HRC, so does that represent your standards of corruption? #Democrats wake up.
doesn't that qualify Hillary for Jail #clintonfoundation!
You said it Senator. Tear 'em up good!!
Stop Trump nepotism and conflict of interest. Trump should have to release documents on his plan before taking office.
you are one heck of fighter! Keep it up! You are amazing! Respect!
how about Hillary? So u agree she should be jailed
?Clinton Foundation=Many w/george soros open society-Hillary & Haiti-Liz back in the day u'd b buryin these-Bama thru u under bus
What about lying to be considered a minority? #hypocrisy
Trump appears to be immune to  the legal consequences of his present day illegal activities
apparently US senators can check off a box to gain favor in employment in violation of federal law but that is somehow ok.
I am tired of the back biting and screaming.
like Huma?

Why does this not extend to congresspersons?
but they got to be caught and found guilty and there lies the difficulty
LOCK THEM UP!!!!!!
This assumes elected officials will be held accountable. I wish.
What if Trump alleges didn't know he did this? Is there a "knowingly" loophole?
Can he get jail time if he makes laws that benefit his businesses that are in a "blind" trust or that his children run?
No lifting of Sanctions against Russia for 500 Billion Gain for Exxon.
great
@Endoraknows , is Hillary going to be jailed? or can she get back our Uranium,she will need to return$145,000,000 to the Russians
since when
Agree....that's a "conflict of interest"....ethics situation....and agree with your post 100%,
the. Trump should go to jail
"goodbye" @realDonaldTrump this is going to be his downfall
.@SenWarren Right, like Cheney was held accountable for no-bid contracts to Halliburton.Dems should have impeached Bush/Cheney and saved US.
I hope that applies to Trump. He seems to get away with anything. He commits tax fraud, charity fraud, etc & gets away with it.
put them on notice!!
Wow...on top of everything  else. .. you are,also the witch of Christmas. .
Thank you for timely and regular reminders to them, Senator.
yes, and?
LOCK THEM UP
good
Trumpites, who lost by nearly 3,000,000 votes, so willingly surrender their intellect to a Billionaire with no care how we live?
Then the false equivalency is the Trumpites fall back or default position. These delusions usually involve a Clinton. Sad.
To many Trumpites seem to be very cavalier with quasi-facts. Well, they are opinions they view as facts when in fact they are not
I don't think Trump cares. Feels like he thinks he is above the law. Look who he picked for his cabinet.
I fear the GOP will just stand by and let him benefit from all of this for his business.  He cares nothing about us little people
when will the prosecution on Cheeto start? Jan 20?
@TeeTweetsHere -That's everything the Trump Administration plans to do from day one!
@TeeTweetsHere And *if* someone prosecutes them.
Only if are Rep.Hill & Bill do miracle market picks & bribes 4 influence.As I am a native your apppro and lies are sickening.
Have you ever met the Clintons?
I sure hope so!
How about Presidents?
better tidy up those cells-there's gonna b an influx of fed govt appointees
Does that include Hillary?
Donald J Trump should be impeachment cuz refused to release tax return and refuse to sell his business so time for Prison 4 life!
You mean like Hillary Clinton did with their family crime foundation?
we wanna see trumps tax returns
We're gonna need some bigger prisons @SenWarren
Republican Justice; the rich are not accountable
Wow! In that case the nominee for  Sec. of Treasury should be fitted for a orange jumpsuit immediately.
Thank you for your courage, Senator! You're a true patriot. Happy holidays to you and your family!
and you should face jail time for backing obama care after rates have increased significantly on hard working Americans
then it's up to you to use your office, expose their misdeeds, and force DoJ to prosecute
please hold them accountable. But there's a republican congress.
Does that include you pretending to be an Indian?
Clinton should be in jail then.
Nice Senator Warren! I'm so grateful to have you on our side:) Happy Hols to you and good luck to us all in 2017 
So i guess Hillary should fall under that law right?
She should talk
all I have to say is Hillary Clinton. If she doesn't go to jail, nobody should go to jail
So are you saying we need to look very closely at your actions
@MariaLiaCalvo Who is going to enforce that, the GOP???? We are all screwed!
oh geez the trumps will have a new home soon....cool!
Is it legal for policy maker to manipulate market up and down, by releasing thoughts about policy, when nothing has made final?
Oh sure. That's been such a big threat to all of you! How perceptive. I won't hold my breath.
lock them up
I hope Congress keeps an eye on this because Trumps cronies will all be guilty of this!
You betcha!
Apparently you have never heard of Hillary Clinton.
Shouldn't this apply to members of Congress too?
and Trump will pardon them.
You should look into intimating presidential electors it's a federal crime,tell that to the screwballs trying to remove Trump.
That's a clean sweep then
#Lockthemallup
Yes
the jail would be packed.
Does this require a Republican congress to bring charges, or can others do it
@Gabbiedrice78K what happens when no one is there to enforce such a law? Thats where we're at, or soon will be...
.@SenWarren @Gabbiedrice78K You have a Gofundme for a brand new supermax prison yet? I want to kick in a few bucks. We're gonna need it soon
dude just look at Clinton. Because u let her do as she pleased, now there are no rules
how will this be tracked?  Who is responsible?
And whose job is it to enforce that? Other appointees?
Securities & Exchange will be busy investigating @realDonaldTrump & cronies. Already manipulating markets for their greedy lives
sounds good ma'am, but that's the problem. Things keep sounding good & there's no action behind it. So when does the talk end...?
remember that Donald!!!
thanks for being a strong voice in opposition to the incoming frightening administration.
Yet he will get away with it because....you know this is America. Only its ppl suffer..not its elected officials @marykay_stein
drug companies charging outrageous fees, or hospitals and doctors gouging you're Seinfeld- a lot of hot air do nothing.
@marykay_stein but what if the policing bodies turn a blind eye?
we will not lose this fight, it might not be easy, the majority will prevail
Trump deep in swamp until he releases his tax returns & divests. His private special interests are hidden from us. BIG SCAM
?  That's why Hillary got away with it ?  Obama backed bullpoo
Has anyone told that 2 Trump and 2 his family if they hold any govt office he creates 4 them....a kingdom the White House is not
Who will to put them there? This new Autocrat? The Congress who are delighting in these appts? From #NC- no longer a democracy
do where were you when HRC was doing this?  Hypocrites!!
than maybe they need a new job.
And yet... 
hope this includes the Trump family members also.  He thinks they are exempt from rules that apply to the rest of us.
yes but who will investigate and bring those charges? It's feeling like there is no one to hold Trump & people accountable
@JenniferRGeiger looks like we better start building jails GOP is lining up with hands out for Trump administration corruption
What you mean isn't what you said because what you said is not true.
Why doesn't this rule apply to @HillaryClinton
My Dear, Love you much but the ball game's over and we lost terribly. With our current leaders, all hope is lost.
.@SenWarren are you having a pop at @HillaryClinton ?
So can Senators if they lie and scam about their heritage for $_$ and perks!
@CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost  Howcone it did not apply to HILLARY and the CLINTON Foundation
And yet Congress is exempt. But you knew that already...Do I need to cite the applicable CFR? You are a charlatan and a fraud.
Problem: there's not a soul in this country with the courage to prosecute these evil oligarchs. Faith No More.
Who's going to arrest them? FBI Traitors? WAKE UP. WE'RE IN A RUSSIAN TAKEOVER & YOU'RE WAGGING YOUR FINGER.
How about getting pay offs from George Soros?
who holds them accountable?
start with Tom Price
time to push the envelope .....
Why lie? It's "TO" affect. Remember, there must be INTENT.
Not when they are Republican plus have a Republican Judge & Prosecutor.
Let's keep a list starting with Drumpf and ocean and tiller man and so forth
We should be so lucky!
You must admit we are in serious trouble here
Do you really expect that to happen Already people are afraid to stand up to DT and he doesn't even have the keys to WH yet
How will we know these members of Trump's cabinet  are corrupt without seeing their tax returns. Who oversees them? #oversight
Hold them to it Ms. Warren. 
65 Million are backing you!
Thank you for being on top of their actions. Seemingly, you are one of the few who are calling the shots-
America has proved it has NO balls! NO ONE is evr going 2do anything against Trump & his KKKlan of thieves he collectd 2wrk 4him!
like Michelle funneling tax payer money to daughters
Make it so!
@TyHyCHI Why do you think obama is pardoning people ., he is making room for the coming basket of Trumpets
Most are already doing this.
Guess they are counting on rubber-stamped pardons?
Why does it appear then Trump n Cronies are gonna slide by blatant ethically n financially mired in world threatening conflicts.
Prove it!...Keep up the good work.
- I'm with her
except for the clintons. You hypocrite!
Doesnt Trump have to disclose his tax returns before we know if his official decisions affect his personal finances? Accountable?
And we're counting on you to stay out there for us. We got your back in this.
this is a private feed stay off it's for normal educated people
Liz WARREN, is a GEORGE SOROS PUPPET, look up LIZ WARREN have ties to GEORGE SOROS
Senator, you and Senator Sanders have to fight this idiot every minute of every day. He's a lunatic!
and what was your financial gain at Harvard?
yes but who is going to enforce it?
so where does trump stand on this issue
please , please may that prove true!!
Well when will Trussia be in jail? Somebody please tell me!
please God get them out somehow.
HRC sought her own financial interest while SOS, where was to put cry on that?
Impreach Trump!!
let's make damn sure they do. No more free passes. This is an area where we CANNOT be tolerant!
At the expense of proving it?
@21sunshine64 @HillaryClinton she's talking to you.
@NastyFemme 
So Who's First??
