@USDOL @WellsFargo Never discussed Clintons gift to Criminal Corps #CorporationsArePeople #TooBigToJail http://bit.ly/22JISfs 
Banks are Hillary's 4 of Hillary's top donors are banks. She scares me. People have been hurt
outraged
CFPB has done NOTHING 2 stop #WellsFargo from stealing my home on 10-28-16 that I paid off in 2007! #War #Fraud
Back to 1929 as America marching full speed backwards
I wanna know how you can fire 1500 employees for doing a thing and then claim there was no culture behind it.
I misremembered the number here. @LastWeekTonight just gave me the correct number of 5300. Even more insane.
Wells Fargo is massive fraud but SenWarren just because you have never had a job with accountability doesn't mean you can judge
Nice work Senator! Keep up the good work!
$100 says no white male executives go to jail
Wells fargo aint the only bank doing this! All the big banks are guilty!
I worked for "Hells Fargo" from 2008-2012. I was let go for bs reasons, like many others
Good on U EW!! Keep on the gloves & continue to knock out the criminals. #loveyou!
who is going to jail or just to get ur face on T V Time shut up n do something get off ur ass put him in jail u could be Trumper
thank you for representing and protecting our economy.
Thank you for working on this.. The things going on are predatory & egregious.  @CFPB @WellsFargo
and this justifies employees ripping off the company right?
- I do so much appreciate your work!!! You can count on my support, whenever necessary.
please stop the grandstanding and Lock Them Up.
WF CEO should be criminally charged. He fostered a culture of fraud and $ benefited enormously
Wells Fargo have been abusing consumers and employees for years https://goo.gl/pSRnNA  #savemomshome
my son can tell you about it-that's why he resigned dec 2014!
Impose death penalty on WF
people literally forced to perform afraid of loosing their jobs,  criminal
screw the pigs Take out you $. Simple way to crush'em if you care enough: #takemycashouttawells
People R appalled @ big business practices yet say we need a pres that will run country like business...Uhhh no
What r the consequences for Wells Fargo & will it be more than the CEO's bonus? Bank alternatives pls?
yes, imposed on by whom? & why was it so widespread?  Low level emp were not spreading this
I would say most large companies have the same conditions, they just have not become public yet.
why are u and dems going to block this bill?
Dems may block govt funding bill because it doesn't include $$ to help #Flint replace pipes. Good job Democrats (surprisingly, no sarcasm) 
was it just the #CFPB or did other regulators help? Can't imagine they did the work alone. #sharethecredit
great, but now what? Where's the true accountability. Somewhere in US a single mom is in prison for stealing baby formula
#FightForTheEmployees #SlaveryIsOver
kinda similar to Humana quota games... Medicare should be watching them
Keep up the good fight.  The chutzpah of Wells Fargo execs is what's Deplorable
Alan Mulally said that when the problem involves a large swath of people, the issue is the system, not the people.
@WellsFargo Leadership is responsible for creating the system that allows issues to thrive. Firing low-level folks won't fix it.
Get em Senator!
This is common practice and people on front lines don't have millions in their savings to use if fired.
Is @CFPB aware that Elaine Chao,wife of Sen McConnell, is a board dir of Wells Fargo? She is known 4 deregulation as Sec of Labor
WF is not the only FI. FIs & large CUs operate w/ quotas too. It's much deeper. This is the cost of capitalism.
With what I have. I want to hear from Mr.Stumpf or you Sen.Warren. Today. I will be contacting CBS, FOX, NBC,
Please sign the Pocan/Salmon letter to the DEA URGING them to take time to reconsider the #kratom ban that is due 10/1. Stop ban!
And when I say I want to hear from you or the CEO of Wells Fargo I mean today. Or I am going to the Press with what
I have left you messages to get in contact with me about Wells Fargo. No Call or email.I want to hear from you or CEO
crazy woman. YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRR!
keep fighting the good fight, #NotMeUs  #WeAreBernie  #EnoughIsEnough ACCOUNTABILITY! Americans are watching @WellsFargo 
Customers should leave if Stumpf doesn't resign, I will.
shouldn't you want to leave on their actions alone?
How did u get so rich on yr salary?
Your the best!!
it's sad that if we take our business elsewhere in protest of their practices, it is the same low-level employess who will suffer
You are brilliant  hopefully with your pressure he will resign...
most jobs currently use this pressure model on their employees...research your community...show public changes
Doesn't excuse empoyee fraud and identity theft. The 5300 employees should be charged. @CFPB @WellsFargo

Great work. Need Hillary to declare intent to re-enact Glass-Steagall. Important now for voter turnout.
Has @TheJusticeDept said if they'll go after these scumbags?
Wells Fargo isn't the only banking institution to impose quotas or risk losing your job
-- Now you're going to legislate how hard a person is allowed to work?
Go after the Wells Fargo Quants, they modeled the program, Quant documentary shows reality..geez https://goo.gl/CgJTdU 
I literally lived this culture at a different bank. No concern if the products suited the customer, just sell.
Ok so they paid a silly $185M fine.  Now what?
Clinton Foundation Took Cash From Wells Fargo Money Train Pay to Play!

Even on hospital bed @HillaryClinton is millions x better than clown
.@SenWarren @CFPB @WellsFargo And immediately afterwards, @SenSasse calls CFPB anti-American. Hmmmm.....makes you wonder.

I guess its a good thing you weren't VP.  You would have be silenced on all banking related issues.
wonderful job on the Hill! Accountability is very much needed and we continue to there is known at the top. Thank you
to see* there
Fight for America Ms. Warren. Also expose Trump for what he is. #trumptaxesrussianpayoffs
get the millienials out for HRC
All hail the mighty dollar! Sarcasm intended.
pay the employees!!!!
