From one Veteran to another, Please Thank your brothers for their service. Go Army!
where you brothers Indians too, or was it just you
Donald Trump pretended to be Swedish for years. In fact, his grandfather was a German brothel owner.
let's not forget WE WON
That's cute. When my toddler is misbehaving I sometimes trick him into thinking he's won too.
you Dems act like toddlers with your tamper tantrums
Are you seriously coming back with an "I know you are, what am I" response? You're better than this.
And, do you understand what a weak leader Obama has been? I doubt it.
Then why did Benghazi happen? My Mother is a Keeper of the Folded Flag. We understand Benghazi!
Did they claim to be Native American, also????  @DeptofDefense
WarsOF Aggressions make us UNsafe-Gen Wesley Clark:Wars Were Planned -7 Countries In 5 Yrs
Help Disabled Veterans. Introduce S.271 in the new session, give Chapter 61 Veterans the retirement they earned.
any chance of reversing cuts that seem to continually happen to veterans services?
--concerned veteran
Her job will be to keep Trump from overhauling the kill joint & saving our vets from more suffering!

Good for your brother's. Now what qualifies you to sit on the Arm Services Committee. Nothing!!!!!
they were a terrific  wait staff!
Thanks for serving Run Like Chicken, Yellow Streak and Scared Coyote....Pocahontas and I are proud!
Yep to bad you don't understand stand protecting the Constitution!!!! That your brothers fought for!!!!
Was that when they were fighting Custer...or what? Did they serve under Sitting Bull...oh wait...that was Grandpa?
trump don't he's smarter than the generals!
No better military to serv in other than Homeland security.Proudly by Lying 'Looney' Chief a.k.a @SenWarren @DeptofDefense #NativeAmericans
she is a goofus. 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1PVgkARSQ2o …
are they imaginary like your aboriginal heritage?  Just asking 4 a friend. #MAGA
so glad for this, my Dad veteran of WWII, Korea, Vietnam. My boy is a Marine, please take care of him.
in other words your brothers are lobbyist and you know absolutely nothing,just have a big mouth spewing hate
- HOOAH
Support @TulsiGabbard to stop arming terrorists.
Is that why 8 years of Democrats has been so kind to our VETS ??
Then why are you quiet in the face of a hostile takeover of our govt. Trump & co appear 2 be very close to treason
my son just joined and is due for deployment is a few short weeks. Please help protect him.
None of Trumps children, Romney's, Bush's or Cheney's, ever did. Odd, don't u think? All republicans.
- sorry, your brothers serving does not qualify you to know the sacrifices we made.
: No. @SenWarren bros served while CROOKED @realDonaldTrump dodged the draft while he assaulted women during V War
#GOTEAM WARREN 
Now they will keep safe the assets of Trump and Exxon
@SenWarren @Patrickesque @DeptofDefense
We have to give Sen. Warren all support we can so she has the strength of nunbers to back up her efforts.
YOUR BROTHERS MUST ASHAMED OF YOU!
Why if she was the only girl you would know they be proud of her. And tell you to shut the heck up!!
then give them the health care plan you get!
brother was a marine, dad was retired Air Force
thank them for there service
thank you, both passed.  In Arlington now. Dad would be appalled that Don the Con will be in the White House.
LIZ GIRL!.You..U.S. is in DANGER! Stop it! #ThisIsNotNormal
He is stacking his cabinet with retired Generals..is this part of his plan?
That's Obama NOT Trump. If Libs did ANY RESEARCH...the Russian ties are Clintons. BO is MB. Soros runs both & worked for HITLER
Why are we allowing an inauguration of a traitor to go forward? Where are the Democratic leaders?
That is what they are trying to do
if we still have elections in 4 years, you better run! We need you
Idiocracy indeed....appropriate profile for you
I don't feed fascist trolls. If you thought you were going to score points for Red Don, all I'm going to do is block you.
my sister had 3 kids. I know what child birth is like... #shill
Please thank your brothers for their service. You are deceptive!
.@SenWarren @DeptofDefense Maybe you can ask them to Defend the rights & safety of #Indigenous Peoples' #Water & Land. #StandingRock #NoDAPL
Trump is setting up to implement Marshall law we are becoming USA minuer.
how do they feel about you limiting how they do their job; because you read something and think you know better
F-Troop....???
my God creepy responses on here
understanding & supporting are 2 different things. Stop denying our military the funds they need.
They are patriots you on the other hand lied about your heritage to take college scholarship away from someone who needed it
Thank you! And thank goodness you're there to be a voice of reality, common sense, and intelligence!
Great experience for presidential bid. I'm there. Help make us safe again.
And the President Elect will sell them out to the Russians, as will the GOP enablers.
Too bad you were such a cheat.
Not the new one comin up,,, The whole cabinet smells of WAR, OIL DRILLING and CORRUPTION.
my son is 4th gen, my wife served, her son is curretly active. Dad is in Arlington cmtry
why did Lupe retire
