Because that research showing 2nd hand marijuana  as dangerous as cigarette smoke doesn't count when you need votes....
.@MosheVee a) yet tobacco is legal and taxed, b) a sizable %age of people who use THC...*never* smoke it. It's 2016. Vapes exist.@SenWarren
Won't become legal until Big Gov gets it's cu$. Only reason can't grow tobacco or herb at home. (I wouldn't, just saying)
.@MosheVee and why shouldn't government tax legal cannabis? It already outsells Oreos. We could use that $.
Because you shouldn't have to get taxed on something you can grow at home. More taxes often hurt more than help.
hurt whom? and also, one can make their own beer - but it's still taxed; one can make their own liquor - still taxed…
Plenty of ways in which more tax hurts economies. People love buying tax-free, sending consumers to non-taxable alternatives.
also
let's not over complicate things... Don't hand the industry to the likes of GW and the funny Pharma bunch. Let the states roll.
Yeah, because that will feed the homeless, take care of the Veterans, Help the starving children, fix 1.2 GDP, increase jobs,
Reschedule???! Take it OUT of the federal controlled substance act! What i smoke is none of the federal governments business.
Can you finally push for clinton to go to prison for all of her crimes? #DemExit #WhichWarren #JillNotHill
Please do.
Fuck that. Legalize it now.
thank you for your work with marijuana policy reform!
Rescheduling marijuana is important to do for medical reasons alone. The social benefits- to many for one Tweet.
@JaredWyand  Wonder how many other Dem senators have invested in Marijuana business? Seems to be a big push; must be $$ involved.
That would be wise. Let's end the war on plants. People are more responsible than the government.
reschedule it all the way down to legal, like alcohol.
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxo
LOL, I know the xo's are for @SenWarren but I grabbed a couple for myself too! (just felt needy for a second there) {:>p
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
NO WONDER U ALWAYS LOOK STONED N IN DISARRAY!
NOW YOU ADVANCE DRUG USE AND CRIME AGAIN
thank you
it works.
Very wise. Please also try to keep corporations from buying laws that criminalize healers, local farmers and individual gardens.
Yes keep ppl brain dead so they will do as you want.
Rational, did you say Rational?  The cretins live in the 1950s
I guess you will be lighting up soon goofy woman you
Hillary didn't send emails to herself. Others should have copies but none were found. They don't exist.
cause you obviously want people too high to figure out they are getting screwed by the Dems.
why reschedule? Deschedule
Don't fall for MJ leads to opiate propaganda! Cause isProviders lack time & resources, corp pharm indstry gov push, indiv despair
Marijuana CAN'T be legally studied, it's a Schedule 1 drug.
@TheBl4ckWid0w  I almost forgot  her! Warren disappeared lately! Where is she? Hiding?
thank you. This is what the people want.
how about cocaine?  It's fun too.
@nyctaxicabtales thank you Liz!
Smoke some in your peace pipe.
@progressivepush As long as there is a logical approach to this and no more fear mongering, GREAT.
It sounds like the DEA is afraid of losing some funding if they reschedule marijuana.  Alcohol is dangerous and its legal.
Sadly, we might not get it done until Monsanto patents GMO pot.
I think you meant DE-Schedule. It shouldn't be a controlled substance any more than beer is. We ALL know this. #BigPharma
I thought we were past this, pot is a dangerous drug.  Give me a break!  Alcohol is a dangerous drug!
why don't you push for no murder such as abortion
@realDonaldTrump 

Labor Day  Light a peace pipe and join the GOP.
Thank you.
HIS WEAKNESSES AND DONT LET UP.  HE SAID HE IS WORTH 10 BILL BUT ONLY WORTH 400 MILL, SATURATEVTHE MEDIA WITH FACES OF THOUSANDS
WHY DOES DEMS ALLOW REP. TO SPREAD PROPROGANDA ON THEM. DEMS SHOULD FIGHT FIRE WITH FIRE. IT IS EASY TO TAKE TRUMP DOWN.
ATTACK
keep them stoned you and DNC can keep sheeple in order
@SenWarren
Yay! Thank you. I don't use marijuana or believe every claim about its benefits. Even still it has no business being Schedule I
as a US Senator you could simply introduce a bill and stop passing the buck around.
love you, girl. Keep fighting the good fight.
Thank you
thanks Liz. You still sold us out and we will never let you forget it... But hey thanks
very good idea. I have a story that blows people away, all thanks to medical marijuana.
u are still a do nothing Senator Cannot get marijuana changed I thought u had since I saw Obama kid smoking a joint good parent
I fear it won't change anything. Even if you succeed. All bought out.
Thank you!!!
please run for President... Please
go smoke a joint an stay off Tweeter
yet tobacco kills millions,  smokers or not
thank you
Your behavior makes us all think you are high 24/7!
Deschedule, not reschedule.
thank you!
agree
if you meant a single progressive thing you've ever said you would not have endorsed Clinton.
thank you for being there for us Elizabeth 
it needs to be classified with tobacco and alcohol. Neither of those have any medical benefits!
Push Hillary to re-classify marijuana when she is elected.
Do right by us. We already know it's medicine and we are being thrown in cages for healing ourselves.
thx u !
Don't stop there. Drugs/addiction must not be legislated as issues of criminality; can only be mitigated as health crisis. @bmaz
Thank you.
No wonder you're slow-witted. 

Go smoke some peace pipe, eh, Pocahontas?

.
UNDERSTANDING
AMERICAN HISTORY
Daniel P. Sheehan interview
"The Gary Null Show"  5/20/16
34 MARIJUANA
RELEGALIZATION REASONS
Summarized in the 2nd part of my 6th
Show (1994).
Pot in Every Pot
  (PiEP)
  In your head, you know he's right.
Freedom of thought
is a fundamental freedom.
  Marijuana use should no longer be a thought crime.
In best interests of California & the world to relegalize marijuana.
  It's time we put the sacrament
back in Sacramento.
The DEA's own judge (Francis L. Young) recommended the relegalization of medical marijuana.
In the words of the DEA's Francis Young, marijuana is "one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man."
The Schedule 1 classification should end.
  Marijuana is psychopharmacologically distinguishable.
George Washington grew marijuana (then referred to as "hemp") on his farm.
  So did Thomas Jefferson.
We should relegalize the beneficial, versatile, historically legal marijuana/cannabis/hemp plant.
It is in the best interests of the United States of America to
relegalize marijuana.
you mean #Deschedule
a good start would be ending alliances with any pols who oppose your stance
And I'll tax the holy hell out of it.
Thank you.  I'd like to see some common sense on this issue.
will you help bail our families out in the mean time? this argument has gotten way out of control. #legalizenow
Try not to use pushing and marijuana in the same sentence,
The DEA scheduling system is broken. Meth is Schedule II. Some career bureaucrats need to find themselves out of work.
well they did yesterday.
thank you.
And not for nothin' I hurt every day. I broke 42 bones in my body. I turn down pills because they'll kill me. Weed helps my pain.
you can get high with me anytime sister. Let's get rid of opioids. They've taken too many of my friends too soon.
looking like no substantial increase for social security in 2017 .
My dear your sick.
boy the people of Massachusetts are are stupid to have elected you!
medical uses of marijuana >20, illegal.  Medical uses of cigarettes and bourbon = 0, legal......follow the money #tytlive
You go girl. we need more politicians like you. Most of them are bought by the lobbyist.
And still no protection for federal employees to use medical MJ without fear of termination #shameful
The fact that pot is a schedule 1 drug is absurd! It is less dangerous than alcohol!
Alcohol worst drug .  How can US Government hold a patent on Marijuana and declare it has no medical use. Sad
stop trying to project normalcy while using lucid and logic laden thoughts. You're confusing your sheep.
so much funding could come from its legalization. Oregon and Colorado are thriving. We could find roads, Zika whatever
Ask The State of Israel for their research.
They have conducted years of research on subject.
Legalized in Israel.
Thank you for all your hard work & true public service!
you gave up your peace-pipe??
There you go Elizabeth! Push those drugs for the masses
I would darn near vote for her just for that
You are such a strange person for sure
I'll spread the word to my az people to vote you in, you are decent and intelligent, trump is not so I hope you're off that wall
The drug companies seem to have deeper pockets than we thought. I can see no other explanation.
Smoke another Pocahontas haha
"pushing" is probably not the best choice of words there Senator
When?
Pleas do. Such a real alternative to narcotics in terminal patients.
We'll hold you to it!  It's past time our gov't acted on science, not superstition & cow-towing to lobbyists. @DEAHQ @Marijuana
Is this one of those follow the $ deals.
Or simply repeal prohibition! Like in 1933!
push for DEA's total elimination
595,690 cancer deaths in the US this year. Lets push maybe just a little harder..WHAT. THE. FUCK. The cure is right in front of U
ty liz...ur good for the people!!! Paranoid reps. want people to get drunk, not high on a natural plant...alcohol much worse!!!

I doubt Hillary will be very receptive to that
Honestly, who do you have to bribe? 
Ho about deschedule Or explain how US Citizen growing crop on their property for own consumption enters into inter-state commerce
Ask them to sit down and smokem weed stuffed peace pipe fauxcahontus
and maybe get the blame off @POTUS as if he dictates EVERY U.S. LAW POSITION AND DIRECTORETE. LOL
P.S. YOU'RE AN AWESOME WOMAN
@mlrosie215 Yeah right. Maybe if politicians would stop using their race n gender for more than just getting political power,
Some of the massive inequities and problems we have would start getting solved. Americans r doucebags and idiots.
You all sell dreams to people l, constantly, with no balls to do it. Then you okay the race n gender cards 4 cover.
Pick which one you are, hacks, shills, sellouts, false prophets, false Native Americans...but just stop lying.
You & Bernie are outraged, where is HRC's outrage, or is she lying again? @TheDemocrats @Trevornoah http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/bernie-sanders-marijuana-dea_us_57ac99c9e4b06e52746f7294?section=& …
@chrisgeidner Thank you Sen Warren.
thought Hillary was making u her #AttackDog-Looks more like she made u her #LapDog-lucky if she pets u or throws u #BillsBone
there u go again w ur head in the clouds!!! Lol...stick w crazy heartless "killer trumpy"!!! Red face orange hair!
wrong #DemExit 4 me I'm going green-Hillary's a #DisgustingWarPig #JillNotHill
good luck w THAT one!!! Im making my vote count not throwing it away!!! Haha
a vote for Hillary is a vote for Trump and I won't vote for Hillary-she's a #DisgustingWarPig #JillNotHill
im bernie supporter but its over for now....we will hold hillary accountable to her words n actions!!!
no true Bernie supporter will vote 4 Hillary-pro fracking,TPP,big pharma,supports NAFTA-list goes on and on she's a #DiagustingPig
well she's going to be your president in a couple months so you better get used to it.
But, you're still wrong for supporting this corruption queen http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/07/hillary-helps-a-bankand-then-it-pays-bill-15-million-in-speaking-fees/400067/ …
Funny, I remember you being "against legalizing or changing it it a few years ago. Glad you learned better
go Senator, you rock!
Thank you for all of the important work you do, Sen. Warren 
It's amazing that Marijuana is still a federal offense, and citizens are puffing on cancer sticks (tobacco) like breathing air!
I guess you didn't read today's news.  Simple process for @POTUS to replace DEA head.
will you wear your head feathers...U definitely owe Native Americans after you trolled on their heritage to gain votes..
Thanks! Actual system only benefits Prison Business,Pharma Industry & Narcotraffickers, glorify in most TV Networks :Coincidence?
please keep up the fight. We need more Congress members  (both House and Senate) like you.
North east filled with to many pot heads.
Please Do, having been on opiates, they actually make the pain worse, since your natural hormones of dopamine/serotonin, stop
how much of that crap r u smoking? Every time u open ur mouth u sound high!
it needs to be done. Economics, social oppression.  The government is arresting people for doing something safer than alcohol
alcohol, prescription pills, illegal drugs. What so bad about Anerics that we have to medicate ourselves? Or is it about $$$$
Everything below Alcohol legal?
can you explain the meaning of #FOUNDING ?? to @realDonaldTrump ??? #dumbass #NeverTrump
Essential for the US to retain its title as Dank Meme Breadbasket of the World
Please do so as obviously SCOTUS and DEA are too brain-dead to understand the concepts
Gateway drug laced with worse, highly carcinogenic, promotes smoking in general.
You go girl. 100%,w/u.
yes sure u will just like u supported only candidates against #TBTF & #WallStreet oh yah u voter for their anointed one? Treason
this explains so much about you. You're high.
YESS THANK YOU
thank you.
