Useless degrees? Oh, you mean, as with anything in life, jobs aren't or shouldn't be guaranteed.  Got it.
@kalena141 Glad you added @ITTTech because for a second I thought you were talking about Trump U.
I just don't believe That you agree with Hillary on education!
Not unlike Trump "University"
.@SenWarren @missb62 @ITTTech 

Trump University comes to mind...

Who pays the bill?

United States.

Who gets paid.

Unethical Executives?
says sucking overpaid professor who overcharged for her knowledge while pushing liberal socialist agenda
ALL of these for-profit tech schools need to be scrutinized!!
didn't Trump rip off students with his Trump university ? It's shameful these schools take money then rip off people.
You deserve a thank you every single day, for NEVER giving up your fight for The People!! And for staying true to who you are..
NOPE!! they just don't want students to learn hoe to find Hillary's missing emails!!!
Glad we are friends and wanted to say years ago I knew a girl named dureama 
And found that I like the name...iit's unique:)
TY glad we are friends too!
Just like every other college in America right now...  How's 100k debt for a liberal arts degree looking these days
Sounds to me like another uncredited "university" that bears the name of trump
Like you sacked Harvard dry by saying you were Native American and got a cushy $400,000 annual salary.
work in Congress to put those responsible  for scamming 
students in jail for a long time always choose State Run school
useless degrees are what keep every college in business and you know it,not everyone benefits from nor needs a degree
2/2 beginning loan 3K now 40K
How bout the rest of us that are being sucked dry by the financial institutions that sold off our loans to each other? 1/1
But @SenWarren praises Bernie's wife.  Sit down Ma'am  . @ITTTech 

http://dailycaller.com/2016/05/16/bernie-sanderss-wife-just-destroyed-an-entire-college/ …
Good thing that's never happened before. Oh wait...
lol.
sounds like "Trump U"
like Trump U.
With Congress help, rich have sucked the economy dry rendering all college degrees pretty much meaningless. ROI is nonexistent.
sounds like Trump U!
you sure complain a lot....but you offer no solutions.
like Trump Univ?
What about the government student loans with 6% interest?  Obama, you, and Hillary should be ashamed at 6% INTEREST!!
they were just following #trumps led
Education  shld be free 4 EVERYONE! One shld be able to pursue it as far as their motivation and apitude takes them.
Every dealing of Trump is fraudulent.
Same as Trump University ?
would you rank them above TRUMP U?
The gov't is responsible for creating the student loan prog that enabled and encouraged it.
like our useless Congress.
does this remind you of any other universities  FAUX TRUMP UNIVERSITY 
or the lack of #accountabilty and #review by the #Education Dept. To allow these #predatory tactics.
like a degree in Studies of Women Gender & Sexuality from Harvard? Talk about useless
ITTTech is not the only entity preying on student loans. Used text books; 90% of non Stem degrees; MBAs are worthless
charter approach mirrored here; all abt corp heads thinking their way works for everyone/-thing, not just for themselves
...& ex-gov/PU-pres Daniels @purduemitch just *incentivized* loansharks by privatizing student debt
Tell me about it, my son went to Everest. Same premise. credits non tranferable, hard to find job. high interest loans.
.@SenWarren @ITTTech I suspect that they are not alone.
might want to look into United Education Institute (UEI) big scammers that get federal grant money and loans.
Sounds like it could be a Trump enterprise.
Too bad they weren't offering any scholarships for fake Cherokees.
kind of like Trump University
didn't you charge 400k bucks to teach a single course?
They could have provided such a great service. They chose not to do so.
@realDonaldTrump Trump University sounds like an outlier of the @ITTTech scandal
just like you.  Useless.
unlike the mainstream colleges that provide you with a useful degree and no debt...
They should also check Colorado Tech Online. Sham degrees.
And the subsidized debt that the govt sponsored.  Rates on college loans should be HIGHER not lower.  ITT benefited.
What "university" does that remind me of?????
about time someone shook the tree.   Thanks Senator
What about those in the federal gov't who thought it was good to give federal aid to this program @SenWarren @ITTTech
But you have nothing to do with our trillions in debt amiright? You shouldn't collapse.

#NotAnArgument
So how to prevent this from happening again?
