up for auction 1 Sen.actually for the people..SOLD! SOLD! SOLD! To #CrookedHillary
And Hillary is going to keep her ill gotten millions too. Unfair on both accounts
.@SenWarren .@WellsFargo Smoke and Mirrors #PodestaEmails17
Will @BarackObama be held to account for his lies #obamacre #irandeal or abuse of power #IRS
He should be barred from working in the financial services industry, as should @WellsFargo. @SenWarren @snarkylibdem
it's insane he wasn't fired and he's not in jail why???
Real accoutability?!  That's theft, and nothing less!
why do politicians walk away with their pensions and golden parachutes after being found corrupt? Ask philly reps..
What's even more sickening is that @WellsFargo would be able to make and steal more money under a Trump presidency. 14% tx incld
Why isn't he being prosecuted. Where's our judicial system? citizens write bad checks go to jail.
Sad
he should have to give it back and face Serious Mail Time.He stole that money!
And why isn't he being prosecuted #WellsFargo
@KellyannePolls WHAT ABOUT BILL & HILLS ILL-GOTTEN MILLIONS?!? MINIONS LIKE YOU DONT CARE ABOUT THAT - HYPOCRITE!!!
Other banks with problems. @askBBT  @coastal24  http://applebaumparadigm.blogspot.com/2016/10/coastal-federal-credit-union-took-my.html?m=1 …
a politician scolding someone on corruption..... hallowed noises
A DOUBLE STANDARD AND WE JUST ACCEPT?
same with the clintons
You can choose to work with @realDonaldTrump on these issues. Make some real changes.
.@SenWarren so did you delete all your @WellsFargo funded @HillaryClinton tweets?
What about Hillary and all her "ill-gotten millions" & you are stumping for that Pathological-Lying Con-Artist Crook
Senator Warren why isn't Stumpf being prosecuted?  Answer: You and others are ALL talk NO action
so HC should give back millions from Saudi Arabia she used as bribe money
really when your Hillary is all for Wall St..  fricken hypocrites!
neither is what clinton did u hypocrit
cc: @hillaryclinton stole all the furniture, took millions from Saudi Arabia, and who knows what else.. #accountable
Strumpf's haul is corporate incentive to follow his example, until it costs corporate exec's it'll continue.
Where is Justice Department on charging Wells Fargo? Who's running our country?
Stumpf DID NOT tell your useful idiots to break rules! BUT YOU KNOW HRC BROKE THE LAW & YOU DONT CARE - HYPOCRITE!
@KellyannePolls Warren! You wouldn't know accountability if it slapped you! CRAVEN-SELFISH-SLEAZE- look in the mirror
Excuse me Mr. Stumpf worked hard to get where he is. I think thats a personal attack. Are u really a senator?
#SNAFU.
WHY? WHO IS RUNNING THIS COUNTRY?
The point is why are they not being held accountable to the same judicial system? Why is he not going to prison?
True, but if politicians were held to the same standard, nobody would've got paid for decades
You short minded people. Thousands of jobs will be lost when Wells Fargo go down. Nasty Banks saved Federal money.
Stump deserves much more than you people who create zero jobs
http://www.thepoliticalguide.com/Profiles/Senate/Massachusetts/Elizabeth_Warren/Scandals/ …
Well, you guys made it so rich people dont have to follow the law, and they never get in trouble..one day itll change
Soldiers mishandle classified information and get punished. The government does the same and you endorse them. Accountability.
: it is riskier to invest money for good returns. @WellsFargo levy fee when 1/5 fail: daily bal, ATM use, direct dep, one trnsf pm
: for @WellsFargo it made perfect sense to go after customers money than loose it in the investment market. @johnstumpf made rules
Why in US none of the CEOs are jailed for the fraud that takes place in the company that they lead?
Jail next!!! #accountability
Correct mam. Agree with you 100%.

But were they "ill-gotten"? Maybe you are just envious of his success. You are a glory hound
I wish you would put the same amount of energy into policing all the crooks that sit with you on Capitol Hill.
Investigate and prosecute!  The fleecing of consumers by banks must stop.
Why yes it is; on *accounta @wellsfargo are still scoundrels w/the *ability to steal at will . . .
Since you've had since 2012 to write laws that enforce accountability, maybe it's on you. 
#tweetless,governmore
I believe in accountability across the board - that includes HRC, IRS, VA, congress people & business! 2 many bad eg!
only the big honchos get bonuses, the rest can drop dead as far as they are concerned.
nothing will change the new CEO will make millions and they will still only give 2% raise to their employees.
Making him accountable 4 lower subordinates Mgmt is wrong. Let's fire Obama for Secretary Clinton's lies on Benghazi
Prison and his assets should be frozen until a court can determine how he and @WellsFargo should be penalized.
slight correction:  if he's leaving without a JAIL CELL WAITING FOR HIM, it's not real accountability. @WellsFargo
get over yourself and your damn personal agenda
A very well-paid vacation.
He needs to be criminally investigated. If convicted, asset forfeiture and jail time.
Elizabeth is right! Early retirement with $millions does. It make theft ok. We want a criminal investigation!
"take a bow" Ma'am we need leader like you in india we have plethora of banks like @WellsFargo here.. @CNBCTV18Live
nor are GOV'T employees that leave with their entire retirement/pension intact after pleading the 5th? IRS & Email scandals?
Teflon John @WellsFargo rode off into the sunset in a golden WF carriage.. or is it actually a gravy train with biscuit wheels?
By right the bank should have fired him . Conflict of interest when CEO of a public company is also the chairperson
@PeytonWXYZ @WellsFargo If I tried to open a fake account, I'd probably go to jail.
are you credible?
Where is the Clinton's accountability? How does E Warren preach this BS?
Can he be prosecuted?
Walking from $100M isn't enough? You are a danger.  With you in charge banks won't take any risk in fear and the economy suffers
that's additional charges. knew he was flight risk. set bond at 40 mil. don't bill customers this time:)
I'm thrilled that he has resigned, but why is allowed to leave with millions of dollars?
the salaries these guys are being paid is just stealing from the clients. One percent of current pay should suffice.
There oughta be a law (hint hint).
YOU WILL BE LEAVING WASHINGTON WITH ALL OF YOUR ILL GOTTEN GAINS TOO....YOU ARE A LIAR UNFIT FOR OFFICE......
Enough with the grandstanding.  There is real crime far more deserving of your wrath. Demagogues love easy targets.
Proceeds of crime.
"...that's still not real accountability." Where have you been for so long? Wells is minor...do something relevant.
Sen.Warren, Stumpf rhymes w/Trump,&StumpfDeservesThe same fate as B.Madoff.I'll write u Soon i Had to File Ch13 B/cWF
Exactly...no lessons learned if punishment is not harsh enough. Somebody has to go to jail. John, Lloyd, Jamie!!!
he worked hard to get the position he has now. He didnt told his bankers  to cheat. He shouldnt have all the blame.
no accountability needed, he can just get immunity, ask FBI
Thank you @SenWarren It takes a strong courageous woman to stand up to a company like @WellsFargo #embarrassment #scam #crime #power #twoosh
.@SenWarren @WellsFargo It is because we have LAWS in America U taught bankruptcy and dont understand standstill proviso SO SHUT UP till udo
CEOs no different than politicians....the leave with multi-million and claim to be flat broke....plus retire $!
Corporate Execs are expected to "take one for the team".  NO real reform until BOARDS OF DIRECTORS go to prison.
same with flip-flopping but hey 
please stay on this, Senator Warren. You are fighting the good fight.
I agree
some jail time in order
then call for a criminal investigation of possible Rico Act organized crime violations already!!!! What are you waiting for???
and Hillary is still getting away with her millions....
Then hold him accountable. You have the power to make it happen. So get it done. Hold him ACCOUNTABLE
Sounds like Hillary.
And he should get his bank accounts hacked,  's have another job if that $ isn't removed from his possession!
you're wrong about #JohnStumpf. I'm met and spoken with him when I worked there. He always put the customer first.
Thank you Sen Warren for your relentless work at pursuing them. Seems the work won't be over until there is total accountability.
u mean like Bill & Hillary Clinton do regularly with their slush fund... i mean, Clinton Foundation?
His severance should be used to reimburse the clients from whom he stole. He shouldn't have a dime. Ppl should get it
Exactly!! He probably has a really nice golden parachute.
what about hiLIARy accountability??? https://youtu.be/drBXq9CnZUI 
so what is our government doing to stop this kind of "retirement" from happening?
There is no accountability in DC anymore not when special agent for the FBI makes himself judge jury and executioner
You are a fraud until you also admonish the Clintons for their ill-gotten gains, so-called charity and...
clintons foundation investigated and cleared already if you came from that rock your under you mighthaveknownaboutit ffs
Start investigating other banks. Most banks have these high pressure sales tactics & I bet this is happening nationwide
-charging @stumpf is distinct from disgorging his earnings. That's what restitution is for.Follow the process - due process
Said the woman supporting the Wall St. candidate @HillaryClinton @WellsFargo
Seems to me you know a lot of folks that are like that! Huh?
I was a banker addicted to the hand sanitizer in the bank  because I was forced to be unethical. Please contact me.
amen sister
I'm sure he'll glide down gently on his golden parachute. Guy should be in jail. More heads need to roll.
Need I say more Senator?
JAIL. TIME.
he got no severance
We should be so lucky if all our fraudster politicians would just retire.
Next step...Prison?
.@SenWarren Will never be enough for what he allowed #Wells Fargo to do to my Mom.
You are right as far as you went.  Teller goes to jail, CEO retires, politician who caused 19 trillion debt re-elected.
@wellsfargoWell, There is Always Very Bad Karma Waiting in the Wings for These S.O.B.’S.What Goes Around;Comes Around.
i am so sorry that you are not the Dems candidate for president
@NancyNvandyke86 @WellsFargo Remember Nardelli when he was ousted as CEO at Home Depot? Golden Parachute
At least he won't keep getting them. I agree though. Fine him to oblivion and jail him for fraud.
Go to He**. No public servant shd take anything and I mean anything from Lobbyist, Companies of any kind or any private citizen.
If our current laws permit this travesty of justice, they must be changed.  Turn the Senate BLUE.
but @HillaryClinton gets to keep all of her #payforplay money. Liberals are hypocrites
you got a job making $300k+ claiming to be an indian.  Are u going to return your I'll gotten gains?
said the pot to the kettle #fakeindian
It isn't. He should be left with just soc sec like so many have.
Where is the DOJ?
you can thank your friends Obama and Clinton for that don't you realize that's what's going on
That's the truth!!!
no it's not
Thank you Senator Warren!  We need change,  and I know you will be a huge part of that.  Thank you again.
It is in a rigged system.
It appears your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
do you realize how much $$ @WellsFargo employees donate to your supreme leader, @HillaryClinton ? Is this just a smoke screen?
of course it is not!  It makes me so angry...
http://endingthefed.com/hillarys-camp-freaking-out-as-this-video-goes-viral-no-way-to-stop-it-now.html …
was just offered WF financing from local hvac co. for our new furnace. ah, NO.it will be cash.
Now the rest of the banks. Why the excessive pressure to sign up for an account? Experienced that w/2 major banks.
@progressivepush @WellsFargo If Stumpf leaves with so much as a dime, it's theft. Plain and simple. 1% justice strikes again.
leaving with a golden parachute no doubt. #Prosecute
shut up
Golden parachutes never allow for any real accountability. Just another insult.
He's a white collar crimelord and needs to face justice.
I agree with you and you should do something with the government
So Lizzy then using your genius ideas, Bill and Hillary would get the Electric Chair, or perhaps Poison injections.
Well done Senator Warren, time to clean up CEO's lavish perks
Look at Hillary's I'll gotten gains.  Warren r u on the take too.  Did u receive a% of TARP big bank bailout $$ too
a hack politician like you speaking about accountability?No-one in DC should speak about accountability or integrity
Go after him!
Counting on your Clinton endorsement as merely a long-game play. Because she certainly won't solve this w/o pressure
please look at your own candidate for President if you're concerned about accountability. Utmost importance
vs you deciding who are winners and losers, just tax those who have and give to your voters
people need to be jailed. This will never stop otherwise. Paying fines is the cost of doing business.
Then stop letting CEOs who break the law get off without jail time.  How is better than Maddoff?? #crook #jail
I admire your determination @SenWarren but take the win. You got him for 19 million and have alerted us to @WellsFargo defrauding game
But if he profits from his actions it creates an incentive for others to do the same. #MoralHazard
don't CEOs usually find a way to profit, even if under prosecution or legal action? @SenWarren @WellsFargo
how is it possible this  gets away with this. Can nothing be done about this??? Criminal charges???
Every time I see him sworn in with that busted hand I like to think some mobster took a hammer to it #justice #crook
No, it's not!
Maybe he's got one of those solid gold parachutes that weigh too much to work.
Fraud and Crime Should Never Become The Norm, for To Many People and Their Families are Hurt!
Let me guess, they gave him a golden parachute...
it isn't. Please use your full power to prosecute, please?
another slapped hand while a banking official harrassed employees and customers out of millions of $$$$$
this proves you actually care. Some people try to say you're just trying to make a name for yourself but I disagree.
thank you for your questioning of #JohnStumpf during the Senate hearing. Passionate for the people. We need more of u
Speaking of ill-gotten millions #HoldBillaryAccountable
there's a man was a crook and should be locked up
Derivative lawsuit
he needs to be in Jail
;  How does this effect those with Wells Fargo accounts? Are there any safe banks in the US?
Wells Fargo and all appropriate officers should face criminal prosecution for fraud, minimum. Jail time, not fines!
thank you for going after him and Wells Fargo.  Hoping someday you are the 2nd female president
You Know It @SenWarren, I Know It & The Country Knows That When These Corrupt Scoundrels 'Resign,' They Leave With MULTI-#MILLIONS...
And #Screw The American People Again @SenWarren. Even More Devastating, That These CRIMINALS Are NEVER Prosecuted; They Just Go on Vacation.
Keep fighting for us Senator Warren!
How can they be made to be accountable?
look at Elizabeth warren inciting violence with her call to vigilante action
I was just wondering what kind of package he got for agreeing to retire. You know he is not walking away empty handed
Stumpf deserves a golden shower not a golden parachute!
Exactly....must give it back
keep up the great work!
