we started a scholarship program at @turingschool for former staff and students from @ITTTech : http://www.builtincolorado.com/node/122585 
Maybe we can do this with other for-profits whose degrees are laughed at too.
Yes. Just like they are doing for Everest U.
ITT was never accredited wondering how they offered student loans all these years.
why not sell their assets for reparations? #IndictHillary #LockHerUp #Fraud #EnoughLies #HillarysMentalHealth
What about the majority of us who went there, paid tens of thousands of dollars and received nothing but empty promises?
It would be very powerful for you to express empathy by "taking a knee" some time.
Privy schools should have to have living wills like banks
no shit!!
the real victims are all of us who had hoped you would've backed  Sanders instead of that dishonest money grubber HRC !
Predatory student loans have the very generation we need, indentured #bailoutStudents #GreenNewDeal #STEINBARAKA2016
$59,000
The very mention of your name brings gratitude in my heart for your years of work exposing injustice. Thank you.
= SELLOUT, WSJ says @ITTTech not as bad as Laureate, should have BRIBED CLINTONS TOO
no Fed law that can charge a multi state Corp that received federally insured funds and failed to provide services?
what about the people that did graduate that still have ITT worthless piece of paper. Just gonna forget about them.
it isn't only at ITT. This happened to Westwood College students to. They take our money & then shut down.
It's time to take the business model out of education; it should not have been there to start. #mscf
New Charter Univ. offers help @ITTTech students as other schools can't. Accepts credits, competency-based, accredited.
- Which set of regulations forced them out of business? @bigmouthpol
We need tax credits for Student debt payment for all incomes.  Pay as you go is educational write off, pay later is not
college has become a money making scam and students are the losers, strapped with life long debt
all college students are victims. Excessive course loads, expensive books, high dollar loans to get useless degrees
go away
Victims of what!?Having a student loan! You need to educate yourself on what a real victim is.
@SJ_Lenze @ITTTech Chaffey College is on board.
Hey, Elizabeth, I'm 1/247th Cherokee. It's almost like we're brother and sister.
what about teachers?
.@SenWarren = SELLOUT, WSJ says @ITTTech not as bad as Laureate, should have BRIBED CLINTONS TOO. #JILL2016
Pocahontas, how are you gonna pay for that ?
People need help on zika vaccine. Develop vaccines against antibiotic-resistant STD/UTI. Looming health crisis
it would be nice to.know number of vets hurt by this. People support vets
BE OUR PRESIDENT
The whole ITT Tech closing is proof of the dangers of going towards for-profit education, away from public ed.
I've wanted to know do one of the T's in ITT also stand for tech?
those students are essentially screwed
Went through the same thing 12 years ago, still paying on that loan. Still engages me, and to see it's still going on...
Exactly. That would be a presidential issue.
Those students are still victims until they can transfer the credits AND cancel the loans. #StillVictims
I've had 100s of my guys saying they're quitting school all together now. These colleges host those who don't fit 4yr models
and cancelling loans takes away ALL credits that they've worked so hard on. Try understanding the GOOD our schools were doing
should be stripped of everything for how they lied to students in need of funding #workedinthestudentloanbiz #crooks
Students have very little options to transfer. The DOE needs to step in and force other colleges to take the credits!
Nobody listens to your spin now since you sold out @SenSanders for @HillaryClinton you don't even believe it yourself.

what about the graduates that paved the way to their demise?
ITT is pulling a Trump!
no school worth its salt will accept these credits. I know. If you're an ITT student, DISCHARGE YOUR LOANS!
If you cared about student loans you would open up the lending to all institutions to create competition to lower costs
your issues with ITT tech are the same we are fighting with charters in Boston. Please help us.
help people in their 40's & 50's with real student debt, I knew ITT was a scam in the 1980's
agreed, but what about @Art_Institutes students?
please let us know if there is somewhere to donAte to help fund these important initiatives. Thank You!!
Elizabeth please keep on fighting on every front you you have thankfully opened for real policy change.
How about people with huge loans who already went thru the "school" I know of people with 60k in loans? No job w/degree!
My granddaughter lives with me - she was supposedly to finish her course with them last week.  What does she do now?
how can we make tgat happen.
If the federal gov. would invest in Community Colleges we could offer so much more for students like these-- HELP US!




http://scholarship-positions.com/blog/apply-free-online-courses-2017/201607/ … #2017 Free Courses #apply now
Yes...taking out loans that you can't pay for makes you a victim. Keep believing that.
I'd recommend #trump univ but their closed too
I've always known those for profit schools are fishy the students who go there are desperate but mean well so help them!
What type of student are they studying for other countries?  Free college fed money?
Where does all this magical money keep coming from? Who gets to decide why one purpose is greater than another?
Laureate here we come!
@HillaryClinton Let's do this!
the employees also need help too.... suddenly out of a job.  Do you know if they get a severance?
since ur so concerned about students and keeping costs down could you explain making $400k for teaching 1 class?
you should refund everyone that got a worthless liberal arts degree.
it's also time to protect the Natives and the environment. #NoDAPL come Mrs. Warren let your native pride show.
Must be talking about sending them overseas to finish, sure no colleges in US care about anything but funds
Total northeast propaganda.... using "cancelled" instead of "canceled".
Why is it taking so long to clean up the 'for profit', under performing, schools.
can you get going on rattling Donald today? Vacation over!
I think working with the Community Colleges might do the trick. This is the exact reason why we need Goverment.
Yes ma'am it's all over the news
how do i go about getting official transcript?
No such thing with schools that get fully paid up front. School has no incentive for student to finish
you're one of the few who see this point. Service can come before payment
I should revive TRUMP UNIVERSITY, right?
I don't know anything about that school, but EW, what do you know about being a victim?
and you keep drinking the Republican's cool aid
Trump 
Will
Be
Destroyed 
In 
November 
By our  votes
What does that mean? A school fails so taxpayers are on the hook for the loans ?
Loans cancelled?  What?
