i don't think you do cupcake
if you had been replying to a male senator you wouldn't have used a gender specific degradation.
aw are you triggered sweet cheeks?
awe another misogynistic troll. How original. It's easier than getting out of your parents' basement.
actually he is just showing his lack of respect for women, and fear of a smart women
i respect women, just not you theres a different wake up
you seem very childish!
you are not entitled to respect you earn it something an adult should know
Extortion is asking patients like myself to put your idealism before our lives. I prefer not to be bedridden. Our voices count.
Terrified? Look out the window, see the world on fire, terrorism and death in our country? THAT wasn't Trump, was it?
Seriously? So Obama hasnt been POTUS for the past 8 years with Hillary SOS for 4 of them? Its been 8 years Judith!!
We stand with U Sen.Warren! I resent @morningmika 4 slamming U 4 saying we need to oppose tRump/GOP/Then she goes to tRump Tower
#NoDAPL is priority number one.  Get yourself and your colleagues and the media on it.
If I was on your level of mindless depravity, I'd hope you get a chronic disease 

You'd be signing a different tune
You had the Prez AND CONGRESS for 2 yrs and you didn't accomplish shit!
#Warren2020 ?
U don't have a GD clue about US laws. If u did u would know there were 4 elections like this 1. EC wins based on 1787 law.
You would too if you needed to spend what was necessary to get artificial nutrition and an intestinal transplant instead cont't
you should know the difference due to your native American claim allowing you to distort $$$$$
Amazing floor speech on the 21st Century Cures Act! #NoCuresAct
Yes, but can you distinguish a rock from a carrot? @realDonaldTrump cannot. I checked the facts. Seriously. The carrot is longer.
of necessary treatments that have been available in Europe, Canada and Japan for decades and not in the United States.
Sadly the voice of the 30 million patients we need this progress does not seem to matter versus the voice of class action firms
who sue innovation of the markets of the United States.
don't vote then . You don't get your way all if the time. Get used to it. You are starting to sound like a spoiled brat
and I stand in support of 21st Century Cures...
I know what have three generations of family with 30 years worth of untreatable disease in America is all about.
please vote for it. Please I am begging you as a kid living with rare disease
Why @SenWarren is that because puppet master SOROS says so?? #Pocahontas #lockherup #fraud #sorosagenda #SorosRiots #CNN #OANN #FOXNewsUS
Way to go!
sitting on the fence post doing nothing ?
why have you stayed silent on #DAPL? You say you are proud of your native heritage. Show it!!
Say something about DAPL, this is beyond ridiculous!
U should know about extortion fakeohantus. Compromised while acting like a 2yr old throwing a tantrum on the senate floor
you lost ALL your credibility when you conspired w DNC to cheat Bernie Sanders . You thought u would get away with it w HRC.
I stand with You 100%. We r faced with some horrors & more horrors, posing as viable choices. Dem leaders 2 weak,need nu leaders!
#DAPL #NoDAPL
As a Registered Nurse in health care for 43 years I support you 100%! Big Pharma care nothing for what's best for humanity.
You go girl! Where the hell are Dems fighting for us? Nothing Trump does can be normalized! He is a sociopath. Fight of our lives
thank you for being there for the people's interests. You are a rare and wonderful creature in this world.
Then, don't do it.
Keep fighting for us, protect us from the mentally ill lunatic that's going to the WH.
???
@HillaryClinton is in deep with the Pharma companies! Only goes after those who will not pay!
https://pro.hsionlineorders.net/HSI160415A/PHSIS306?h=true …
not to divert, but what about #voterfraud
now enjoying watching Trump screw them they think because they are GOP they are exempted.
Who do nothing poot Republican have been poor for years and still keep putting them in office. Like McConnell.
Keep up your standing for what you believe in .And me I am going to keep laughing at Republican who keep voting in the same slime
Stay your course. This will only get worse when the bully is inaugurated.
Do what's right be the example we need!
Senator Warren could you please include links so it's easier for low energy citizens to finds information about such bills? Thx!
What about Trump's conflict of interests? Can you see that? Don't Normalize Trump.
what are your feelings about dapl???????????????
move to CUBA then its a good time to do so

i bet you, Hillary, and Maryanne Marsh share the same safe space huh?
Commie says what?
well good, your vote don't count, move aside let the reps do what the American people voted for, we don't need you dems always
democratic party is done.....
If only you knew the difference between right and wrong...
YAY  Trolls distracting from the issue.  GOD! will we ever come together against the monied oppressors!?!?!?!?!?!
love you Elizabeth
Fight for us! Please!
File this under the same thing as Obamacare because I doubt you read every page but still voted for it.
Stand strong!
your so goofy it's hard to take you serious
Stand strong and do what's right. We need you. We're with you.
Do u know the difference between a lie and the truth.
#indianmyass
Do you disavow refugee and @potus policies that inadequately vets refugees?
Why are you silent on DAPL? So disappointing.
#AuditTheVote
STOP TRUMP BEFORE THE ELECTORAL VOTE HAPPENS!
STAND UP AND WALK OUT AMERICA!
DECEMBER 10TH, 2016
#NoDAPL
all you said is you are against it. Why not talk about details or is it just because it's a Republican bill?
You seem to be great at telling it like it is when it comes to low-hanging fruit. How about DAPL?
say something about #DAPL or please shut up
@elizabethforma You are at @ top of my list of the most "smartsensible" politician in my lifetime! Please keep fighting for good!
CFPA doesn't use extortion?
STAND YOUR GROUND!
Can you explain? We have family friends here in MA who would greatly benefit from this and don't understand why the hangup
we really need your voice right now. Please be less quiet.
BE the Beacon, milady!
stay on Trump he is a crook and cannot tell the truth
thank you
Stand up for #NoDAPL or we'll vote you out next term!
So Curt Schilling would be a satisfactory alternative? 
Do you know the difference between Native American and #Faux Native American?? And the room goes silent.
U r a shame to all Americans. U lied about ethnicity 4 education/employment gain. U should not be allowed to b in office.
like when you extorted Native Americans to get elected but are now zipped lips about #NoDAPL ? It's pathetic. You're a neoliberal
we need you to speak out against the dapl! Take a stand for human rights and native sovereignty! #NoDAPL
Can we please focus on Donald Trump's conflicts of interest?  He's going to destroy our country.
@SamuelMoore Which one did @HillaryClinton use to get @BernieSanders to drop out of the race?
.@radiostieren, it's pretty clear @SenWarren sold out her principles to @HillaryClinton and screwed @BernieSanders...
COMPROMISE,I have done that far to long while others are being extorted,YOU REALLY care about woman's rights?OR CROOKED too?Dora
why haven't you spoken about #DAPL?
#nodapl
Treasonous
