Mrs, Warren how about the Clintons and the money she got for selling pay to play
.@SenWarren Weird, you guys never did this with Clinton or even wanted to know about the Clinton Foundation.
Trump breaks them all,will he be held accountable?
@overrunbydogs How about AFTER "they" are confirmed? Or is it #SellTheVotes 2 Corporations #BuyTheVotes 4 Elite to stay in office
so you believe Hillary should be in jail. That's awesome.
How about our President-elect and #loganact . Him, his family and surrogates have broken it many times. #justice
Apparently not
Good luck with that
Hypocrite! Like a Chihuahua,  always barking w/no bite.
If she wanted to fight the powerful she would have endorsed Bernie instead of a corporatist warmonger.
Agree.  It's time these politicians stop playing us.
My fear now is that their best move is to come after how we are able to inform ourselves.
Well their best move is to embrace humanism, but that is more far-sighted then they want to look.
@Headerop1 hold him accountable. Every elected official took oath to do so. If he doesn't divest business he can't take office!
keep up the pressure! We need you! Thanks so much.
Treason trump fam. self dealing won't end. His D.C. team won't obey rules & will get away w/it. GOP & D.C. corruption rising fast
You mean like crooked hilary?
@RealCarloMarx MAKE SURE THEY DO OR THAT ITS VERY PUBLIC IF THEY DONT sorry for yelling.
Thank you Senator Warren! Hope you run in 2020.
The only thing crooked is you Trumpster's and your dictator who want to take us back to the 50's. Beat it troll!
you tell 'em, Elizabeth ... we, THE RESISTANCE, have your back!
There is sooo much wrong with these nominees. They should all withdraw! @senwarren @babyspittle
Thank you for everything. We're so going to need you the next 4 years.
You endorsed Hillary Clinton. You have absolutely no credibility on this issue.
If you are not vocally opposed to Trump, you are the one with credibility issues.Not to mention decency issues.
Never 8 years unless you get help from Putin again & Suppressing Votes Again!
You are the one who can lead us out of this. You must run for POTUS. Elizabeth Warren's 2020 vision for the future. Boom. Slogan.
@YouCowardlyLion Fabulous Elizabeth, you are my hero.

Oh, you mean the way Hillary did before stealing the Democratic nomination? Sorry, I don't listen to hypocrites
like You
all your comments are directly against your close friend Hillary. Non of the laws applied to her. What's your point!
How about you, you lied to get a free education and job.  Non native american
Dear Ms. Warren it scares me to no end what we are about to face with this nut case that is about to become president,God help us
Make it happen. No more wimpy Dems.

Trump must show his taxes and Obama must confirm SCOTUS on Jan 3
#AMEN=#RULES ARE #RULES!!!!
Unless repugs say they don't care, they will confirm the #PUSSYGRABBER's nominees, they're afraid of them.
You are a joke and better wake up!  We the People will make sure this is your last term.
PLEASE ... #Warren2020  #tRUMP and his ilk must be defeated!
How can we make them follow the rules?  How can we make DT follow the rules?  There must be a way to stop them.
absolutely Senator, no one is above the law!
not the Clintons, or Obama's, or Warren or dems
or Trumps or repubs
apparently that rule does not apply to the current president-elect?
if you can't quit playing partisan politics do us a favor & retire. Reps like you are why Dems got their ass handed to them 11/08
what a joke
2Funny dis coming from Democratic party we R now @ 9Trillion $ in deficit thnx 2 ur President & who held him accountable 4dat
Americans must make the law stick before this president-elect takes hold of the office.
Your words gives us hope. Thank you @SenWarren. 
His cabinet is terrible, so many of them... and himself! You are tough, we're gonna need you to fight.
I know she'll do all she can. She's our best fighter! --->  @SenWarren
Your job is to ensure this happens.Are you getting paid to say the obvious or can you go after "colleagues" the same as Stumpf?
Yo Lizzie...you  can idly tweet...your tweets need to be directed at SmellyAnn Conway...Trump  going deaf as result of orangeness
I'm getting the feeling that they are about to change the rules so they can get away with whatever. No sarcasm.
when will something be done?  I'm waiting. We all are.
only if they are honest... and if not the president can pardon them.
Do you even hear yourself!? Your Hilary scoffed at laws over&over. Look what she did to Dem party. Let it go.
I am so thankful you are a Senator, we are counting on you and Bernie.  It's a lot to ask
hopefully there is a way. So far the law, rules and traditions have many loopholes that he is using to slip through
also work for us instead of the other way around.
Not if both the House and Senate are with him. It is nice to think of in theory though. I think the swamp waters are rising.
Thank you SenWarren I wish you had run but for the next 4 years I don't have a President
time to move
he will follow the law 100 times better than Obama. He won't waste tax payers money. Praise him, not criticize him. Be a uniter!
Happy holidays--so glad to have a politician that fills you with pride instead of disgust.
I totally  agree, nobody should be above the law. Both the rich and poor are equal under the law
this should have occurred 10 months ago. An election wasn't only lost our country was lost. #TheResistance #TrumpLeaks #fucktrump
U think he can't get around this? Instinct says, "Watch him."
like Hillary? God damn ur such a hypocrite just stop talking u sellout.
@LaurieGoldberg @SenWarren 
TurboTax Tim Geithner? Not paying taxes. Breaking tax laws. Like him?
I hate Democrat hypocrites.

#hypocrites
You are smarter than buying crap arguments like that Laurie.
Please stand firm on that.
I think some new laws need to be added. Re: tax returns, conflicts of interest, etc. Really clear, unambiguous laws.
LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!    
@realDonaldTrump Release your taxes let us hard working Americans see what you have or hiding
did u follow the law when u took money from Harvard on a lie.
thank you!
@NH_Phil This is the new order.  No one will care about background checks until something goes woefully wrong
Hillary didn't win, we already know rules did not apply to her
Even rich ones like @HillaryClinton who enriched herself at taxpayers expense. #MAGA
We need you and others like you to save us from Trump!  Please keep up the pressure.
You should know, after backing the Clinton's. You forgot to take your pill, again. It's heck to get old. What's your name, Oops.
Why not talk about the Logan Act?
Thank you for being on top of this. You are one of the few that still have conscience to do what is right.
Thank you for standing up for what is right and just. God bless you.
that also should apply to the illegals that are coming to this country, don't you think ?
and so what are we going to do when @realDonaldTrump  believe he's above the law and gets away with it ?
how does trump get away with breaking obvious laws? Please explain.  Why aren't we charging him with something for God's sake?

@DeRay_Shawn Bloop. 
we are counting on you!! Thank you for your service and integrity!
Rich Ones.. Lets see... The Clintons, The Kenedys, The Birds, oh all democrats... Hmmmm
I wish it were so but laws do not apply to Mr. Trump, he just bullies & threatens his way through as they all bow to his demands
shut up 
@Tina49747372 
JUST HOW ARE WE GOING TO IMPEACH
A TRAITOR WHEN EVERY REPUG IS
you are so right
@votersaresaying   Help!  Liz, I'm #scaredshitless  
does that also apply to white women pretending to be Native American?
But the reason may be that he is not as wealthy as he claims http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-tax-returns-explained-wont-release-hiding-bombshell-a7324306.html …
like hilary clinton?
someone should explain that to Heir Trump.
Clinton released DECADES of tax returns & info on foundation. CF receives highest ratings from independent charity watch orgs
thank you?
but who's the federal prosecutor with the independence and guts to prosecute?
go get em!
apparently the rules don't apply to them. He keeps breaking them and no one does a thing except gasp
Is this enforceable? Who is responsible? We can't expect them to self-police.
rich is relative and most of your colleagues choose wrong from right. We shall see if you tweet is true.
keep fighting
We must be ferocious in opposition like the republicans were the last 8 years. They must reap what they sowed.
@KathyDianeJone1 counting on you to make sure of that senator. Give em hell!
even Hillary Clinton?
Especially rich ones!   Keep after them - empty that swamp for real!
then someone who has the power to make that happen better make that happen. i'm not holding my breath. dems will roll as usual @SenWarren
Why are the the Democrats countering Trumps apparent anti-democratic maneuvering tactics?  Both his tweets and nominees!
counting on you and Bernie to lead Dems to fight Trump's agenda. Willing to help and get involved locally.
:like I said before your buddy Hillary sure qualified didn't she?
The tyrant Trump already committed acts of treason like they say lock him up
We are a nation of laws. Thank you.
AND TRUMP THINKS THAT IT DOESN'T APPLY TO HIM...
It's the rule of the law. Just studied it for our citizenship test which also should be mandatory for PEOTUS apparently!!!
AKA
everyone
who will enforce this
Please please lets see some prosecution. The Trump kleptocracy needs to be stopped.
 aaaah flack! You guys are cracking me up tonight
@SenSanders Just love it when "rich" Senators malign other "rich" people. These two are unhinged hypocrites.
dear God please save us! He's scaring the hell out of me!
I assume you are referring to HRC - only person that feels she is above the law
that includes you Liz.
AND if they don't follow the law Trump will make a record amount of pardons at the end of his tender
Like Hillary?
Did you have the same approach as regards Sec.Clinton?
Conflicts of interest must be addressed...
Yes!!! We need a strong Dem Team to face this new regime!
@HigginsSusan2 please remind him or get him out now!
Trump should be  DUMPED ASAP.  Nuclear Tweets he will have us at war before he takes office,  Congress has him on their Hands
This just in.. DT creates a new cabinet position. Sen. Elizabeth Warren will be confirmed as the 1st Secretary of Hypocrisy.
Then Impeach Trump since He Has Already Broken the Law from Day 1. #NOFACISTUSA
I was so happy when Harry Reid and Barbara boxer left. Now I have to listen to you. Bummer
and yet - not going to happen...this is not the democracy I grew up understanding
PREACH Warren!!!!
what about those posing as Native American
you mean like the uranium deal of clintons?
the Senate Democrats must do their job!  I'm afraid some of them will cave.
I hope you are right about that.
 Reminder: Hillary Clinton was nominated & confirmed as SoS. She's what I like to call a precedent.
You supported a Presidential candidate who broke every national security rule that got in her way.
@deejay90192 
Please don't give up fighting this injustice!
should congress follow those rules too
shame same rules don't apply when trying to get a professor job.
is this obstruction for obstruction sake? You are digging your hole deeper.
#HillaryClinton
why are you so combative?ever heard of cooperation?ever tried it? can't even wait to see, just stir up dissent what is wrong w/U?
correct me if I'm wrong. Isn't lying about ur ethnicity to gain advantage on an application considered fraud? #Liawatha
She's a liberal so it is considered ok that she stole a minorities job..nice huh?
can this be enforced? do we have a snowball's chance in heck?
Please focus on what Jill Steins recount efforts uncovered. Our elections are compromised and we need our votes to be secure.
All nominated must follow the law? When will the Democrats start do this?You should ask  the Clintons this!!!
, from out here in reality, it's clear the rules DON'T apply to everyone equally. Tell me you see that.
Always laughable how the rich libtards are always angry at conservatives who also happen to be rich. Hypocrisy reigns
The world needs MORE ELIZABETH WARREN right now!!!!
but not as much as more cowbell!
What's new? Oh, yeah. I forgot. A Republican administration.
SOMETHING HAS GOT TO BE DONE ABOUT TRUMP.  HE IS GOING TO GET US NUKED. TO POTUS S.O.S
@realDonaldTrump Right on Elizabeth, looking glass on the swamp.
Yes
Let's see. I suspect the rules changed, whether you (we) want to admit it or not
I  How the Rep's want a quickly, all cause they approved 6/7 of Obamas picks day of. Two words. Merrill Garland.
Hi POCAHONTAS
no cabinet confirmations until Garland is confirmed to the Supreme Court!
We are counting on you ,Sen Warren, to protect us from these swamp dwellers!
@UninformedGuy Do you mean like Don HillBilly setting up a private server in her toilet?
or Flynn getting an illegal Internet connection in the white house? Pence suing to keep his email private?
Did either one of them SELL 20% of our Uranium to Russia like Don HillBilly did? then they gave her MILLIONS!
Yes! Who will enforce the law? I don't believe Sessions or the Ryan House will do so. Who will enforce the #emoulments clause?
, does this review process also apply to the president?
But these are Trump's choices so it is different,  ask all your GOP senator colleagues if they oppose they will lose in primary
hold Fast!
Agreed. How will that test be applied?
Senator, we vocal Democrats support your statements, but we want details. You know, action on behalf of the free world.
You mean like Bill and Hillary Clinton ?   Is that who you are calling out Goofy Elizabeth?
Sounds like yr describing the life of Bill &Hillary Clinton & the Kennedys @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls
Please fight like hell for all of us! This is not a time for compromise!
When will you get off your HIGH Horse and meet with @realDonaldTrump Tweeting is fine if your ME or US for you go meet him
did that apply to @BarackObama and his picks as well no double standards allowed Senator
it seems like he doesn't have to follow any laws or rules
we demand tax returns. His conflicts of interest are a security threat. U.S policy can't be determined by bribes to Trump Org.
Trump doesn't claim to falsely be American Indian. You did!
@realDonaldTrump Go get 'em, Senator! #PrecedentDementia
Ride them like the pigs they are! 
why do laws matter now?
All they need to do is use the HRC method
which laws exactly, Immigration?
hold them to it and don't let their party leaders look the other way.
Absolutely
Please hold their feet to the fire! As an original Liz adopter,I'm counting on you!Rock them like WellsFargo stagecoach ride!
