.@SenWarren feigns indignation at the super rich.
But when she endorses @HillaryClinton she endorses Big Money. #DemExit #JillNotHill
You mean you are rescinding your endorsement of Hillary for President....!!!
@jimmisimpson Then don't vote for HRC
, you better check that rhetoric with the person you endorsed for President!
you mean the only competent in the race?
my bad. I should have said the person she endorsed for the Democratic party's nomination.
I prefer not to sit by while you and your cronies ruin the economy for all of us. You know better.
We will not sit by while misguide eco-pirates try to squeeze freedoms from society.
how about the freedom to live? Without sustainable energy this planet won't be habitable much longer.
eco-pirates like Warren have been saying that for 15 years already. Global Warming is a problem,but don't overstate it
last few years have been the hottest ever, each surpassing the previous. The problem is real and getting worse.
If each month is getting hotter than the previous by a smaller margin, it's actually signalling a slow down in warming
it's not slowing down. Every model so far has been too conservative, it's going faster than predicted.
But will you sit back and let us lose our freedom? We aren't planetary supervisors. We are a nation!
who is taking your freedom away?  Trump will!
Democrates one & all!
the only party that knows how to govern
@pauladrake
That's right! We'll TALK ABOUT  "practical regulations" while my overlords suck everything useful out of Earth!
#PowerToThePower
Fauxchahontas speaks with forked tongue
It's ignorant of them to not invest money in alternative areas!  They'd still make obscene amounts of money.
I HEAR YOU ARE PRETTY RICH YOURSELF ! YOU HYPOCRITS & LIARS REALLY MAKE ME SICK
BUT YOU CAN SIT BACK & ALLOW IRAN TO FUND TERRORISM,WITH MONEY OBAMA GAVE THEM WHILE MAKING A DEAL TO MAKE NUKES IN NEAR FUTURE
I greatly admire you.
Get Real. As if increasing the tax on the Rich is going to make a dent in how much the Democrats Spend&Waste. Higher Taxes=BigGov
Yeah, you would know about the rich getting that extra buck! Or you can resort to lying about your heritage, that works also.
I hope not but looks like we are

@LisaMoraitis1 you need to drill him,like u did to FARGO.
So, are you for the "planet" or union coal miners? I'm confused.
I guess being worth close to 14 million isn't "super rich".
Unless it is the Clintons...
you mean like you? http://money.cnn.com/2015/01/08/news/economy/elizabeth-warren-wealth/ …
The rich and super rich..CREATE JOBS.
... tell them how much we love them, and then haul them into rehab... or something....
Maybe we should organize an intervention for their addiction to that funny green substance....
you guys can't even prove to 1% of how man made materials have had any cause on the environment. Global warming doesn't exist.
then you shouldn't have turned your back on @SenSander , If you meant anything you say, you would have supported him..
I agree.
You do not understand basic economics Billionaires invest in Business& Jobs=>GDP.HigherTaxes=BigGov&more spending=<GDP fewer jobs
@rfrankh53 I hope these words aren't for the same purpose. Will u nominate @DrJillStein already?
That is why you owe Jill Stein your endorsement and vote.
@DWilliams1001 Um, you endorsed someone who was paid..."speaking fees" from the super rich and greedy corporations who destroy it
then stop the DAPL in Standing Rock ND ! Aren't you Native ? or are you just a politician who is owned by Big Oil ?
you will and you will like it
@peta Look at the Ivanpah Solar Project annual bird kills. Seems environmentally destructive.
@peta What are stats on birds being fried by huge solar installations? Has that been a disgusting side effect of "clean" energy?
says the person who makes 6 figures to teach 1 course #lyingliz #hypocrite
And they will do it too if we don't stop them!
Have you told that to the DEMOCRAT backers who are putting up all the money and will profit the most for the agenda??#SOROS #KOCH
I fear the wealthy have other plans. And, they are exceptional at it. Sadly.
Weather has ALWAYS CHANGED! Ice age..dust bowl..earthquakes, volcanoes..GIVE UP THE STUPIDITY of your FAKE "GREEN" moneymaker!
 you Elizabeth W! Looking forward to hearing you speak@wellesley on Friday!
when you return with interest the money u defrauded by claiming an ethnicity not yours...maybe i can stand to hear you.
Instead of sitting, we will complain loudly as those who don't care continue to ignore us?
So you'll back a candidate that supports the TPP? Remember when people had a reason to respect you?
then why did you endorse Hill?
sitting by and watching the rich is all we've seen since 1970s!
wish you and Bernie...  Sigh. .  
You are both amazing people.  We all love you
but screw working poor as long as smug wealthy suburbanites can feel good about themselves in their enviro friendly 3,000sf homes
LYING HYPOCRITE!
Sadly they will continue to pillage the world for a buck !

You are supporting someone who didn't say no to Keystone until every1 else did + wants Fracking. Stay in her ear or we're fckd
Most people don't look at that. Many CEOs make more per HOUR than is 'poverty limit'
In a month more than average will ever earn.
Like @TomSteyer making billions from coal & other fossil fuels?
you mean like exxon ceo who makes 24mil a year?
Should break stuff like that down.
2k (average hrs in y)/ 24m.
12,130 per hour.
well your now part of the problem backing the destroyer Clinton.
she don't want to be bold, I will, Warman, Profetiar,BIGOTH, RASIS, & Can't Debate for shit.
If that is what you believe, you should have supported Bernie. I lost respect for you when you sold out to corps.
Do you even remotely understand how much of a hypocrite you are? You are rich! God I still can't believe your a Senator!
have they not yet figured out there will be no place to spend it if the world fails?
App for carbon-cost of retail products.
What about using our God-given resources to provide for the needs of humans?
It's also ordinary people's negligence and disregard for the environment that creates these problems.
Try this to test ur IQ what caused Ice Age to end? Cars? Or prior ice ages?
@realDonaldTrump #nevertrump
#Cannabis #Freedom can help end deforestation, plastic pollution, fracking, dependence on fossil fuels and much more. 

#US
#USA
then ban #fracking and force @POTUS to protect native lands #NoDAPL
Where are the super rich moving to when the earth is destroyed, Fauxcahontas? Uranus?
We wont? That appears to be exactly what we're doing. Need a constitutional amendment banning lobbying. #1 priority per Bernie.
That's odd. You didn't seem to mind when Hillary did her stand-up routine for wall street.
love you Oh why couldn't you be the one running and debating Trump???
Cow Belches. Statements like these show the mania built into CC. 400 scientists sound alarm on cows? 

http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2014/04/11/301794415/gassy-cows-are-warming-the-planet-and-theyre-here-to-stay …
Since when did our military become pawns in T's Police State plans?
people like YOU????
I really hope so. But the super rich, with the support of the ultraconservatives, stay strong

expose them!
There Republicans, they would sell their grandma for a buck.
.@SenWarren How do you feel about Clinton's pro-fracking stance?
then get the college students out to vote for Hillary and not waste their vote in protest
super rich?? Are you referring to yourself or Hillary Clinton?
If you're going to claim to listen to scientists could you please listen to us when we say nuclear is carbon 0 and baseload ready
please push Sec Clinton to ban fracking.
