. @SenWarren I'm curious, What is it when politicians use the health of Americans for their own advancement?
What about this -
@PWM62 it is all the more reason we should ditch their lobbying and donations and absolutely go with single payer! I beg you!
what about using the American people to enrich yourself?
Welcome to Florida where our Governor stole billions from medicare then ran for office to steal more from the people. @SenWarren
It's very EXPLICABLE - if you don't understand negotiation you shouldn't be in a public policy job - in a capitalist country
It means more money and power for Aetna and "big health care". Theoretically patient costs should go down. We'll see?
The Democrats passing O bama care without one Republican vote was inexplicable and irresponsible. Should have read the bill 1st.
Aetna scammed me bad on their college health insurance. Complete frauds.
We can assist with your concerns. Please follow and we can send you a DM with our contact info. Thanks. ^TH
bs. They denied my claim. Sent to collection agency. Scam. I now get free health insurance thanks to "Obamacare"
We are here 24/7 if you want us to review your past claim. Follow and we'll exchange information. ^JL
They and all entities non governmental operate w/ primary purpose for profit and answer to shareholders 1st.
the affordable care act was destined to fail! It isn't even possible for the states that voted 4 expanded Medicaid, can't afford.
Maybe then they would be best served by being put out of business, permenently
So you do understand businesses cannot lose $$$$$ and continue to survive
-so u still 4 obamacare?
its smart. Obama is screwing them
no one thought of outcomes & made necessary changes w/HR protocols,knew it would fail before it took off! There R so many negs
get real,eliminating pre-existing, families R switching after they have surgery&patient leaves to new Ins cos. Again& again etc!
Senator, you are a hero of mine. Only one quarrel, it is EVIL. Along with Mylan Drugs raising Epipens 500% and
Choose No Evil: The Case for Jill Stein  http://www.narvinsingh.com/choose-no-evil-the-case-for-jill-stein/ …
And there is absolutely nothing our current congress can or is willing to do about it.  We are losing this country to big money.
@aetna_sucks @AetnaHelp cause they deny everything and help no one.
same with obamacare. Mandatory or no deal is not barganing its extortion
Obama ruined healthcare for middle class Americans!
it's all abt money & greed it is destroying  America !
Senator Warren I am the steward4mydisabled daughter&myself&ithasgottenverydifficult2keepmyeyesoneverybodysomuchdeceptiongoingdown
It's explicable: Greed. Power. Entitlement.
If only we could boycott "health" insurance companies. HIPPA was the beginning of the end of personal medical services
@sherrilee7 Shows exactly why we need ACA, too: Insurers put profits before healthcare.
do we need to connect dots of why it can not flourish, you R going after ins co, when they aren't the problem !
keep Rollin' with the socialism, Poc
the increase in the price of insulin 2100%,neither of which has had an increase in the cost of manufacture. SHAME
Why can't the government supply the health care?  Why do we have to deal with these insurance companies?
talk to the people who can't afford Obama care before you run your opinionated mouth
hoping I can drop Aetna come open enrollment
THAT'S THE INSURANCE GAME. THEY DO NOT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT HUMAN BEINGS, JUST THEIR BOTTOM LINE. FINE THE HELL OUT OF THEM.
@MollyOShah And reprehensible! THIS is why we need Expanded Medicare coverage for every American!
They only care about making money for their shareholders. They could give a rats ass about the people they insure.
@hedrickgibson Healthcare for-profit is wrong. Only country left to be so ignorant. People are dying because they're broke. Wrong
did u give them lessons in irresponsibility   the system created by the corrupt people like u have brought this to be....u liar
that business in America. Dollars matter not lives. People are nothing but numbers . Humans just a consumable resource.
don't play with people's lives to play politics...
Aren't mergers LEGAL? (as you're so fond of telling us about abortion?)
Tks for your courage and compassion!
Ok? So what can we do about it? Don't be like @SenSanders Have an answer.
.@SenWarren Humana and Aetna are big brother organizations.
And they will place all the blame on "Obama Care" and the Sheeple will buy it rather then placing the blame where it belongs.
That's exactly why we need national health care, to remove the profit motive from our wellness
I love the @mtbert playbook
she has been smoking bad peyote OBAMA CARE @NCLRHealth  @ForHispanics @ABCPolitics @CNN @maddow @TheFive
hey..glad to see you are going to go on the fodder trail of lies.  Almost like"Trail of Tears" your heritage went through right?
@netbacker But unsurprising.  That's what for profit medicine gets you.
... But you did just explain it...  So maybe not so inexplicable?...
Oh it's explicable. What it isn't is acceptable. @Aetna
@sternfan100000 cheers: here's to supporting a "female"you hate and that hates you. Wait for more emails, you'll think diferently
Great reason for single payer healthcare.
If we allow them profitable insurance co's will only insure those with no claims. They must be forcibly regulated
...and utterly unsurprising.
@sheltielove Of course irresponsible but hardly inexplicable. Greed. As an MD, I see daily the damage done by insurance cos greed
you should credit #davidsirota for his reporting the #Fraud in #Connecticut  re #GovMalloy #Fraud
greed before people!
I'm  sure  this is  a  lie.
It's  what  you  do.
#hillary needs you've campaigning. She needs a better answer about emails. #afraid trump!
Ask Barack about it - he's responsible for this mess -
Scum. Rico lawsuit
if they want to sell health insurance, they should be made to also sell health insurance on the exchange. We need a law.
thank you for watching out for the little guy...
They've different names and logos, but there's no mistaking the stink of a insurance co. "monopoly". Plz eliminate this middleman
the democratic heath care plan is about to cost us 25% to 50% more.  That is the price of passing B4 you read a policy. Terrible!
Universal health care, it's the only answer.
Privatized medicine! What do you expect? It's gonna be profit over patients every time. We need national healthcare!
so is #Obamacare !
so glad my husbands job decided to get rid of Aetna this year!
time for single payer.  Half measures never work
@sej #truth
And what about their $400 million loss on that business?
Agreed! @Aetna isn't fooling anyone ... their motives are crystal clear! @Aetna's mission statement is #profitsoverhealthcare
Humana sucks. I don't know why they'd want to merge. Let them merge. They'll regret it later.
KEEP GOING NO MERGER #singlepay
exactly why health care should not be a for profit industry
and typical of big health insurance. Time for single payor
Dems SCREWED AETNA and lied to them about ACA
Heath insurance cos have made my life miserable. 13k a year to pay 1,500k deductible $500 dedc meds. Deny most claims. Blu Shield
anytime feds try to control private enterprise they end up costing all of us,you have no idea who built this
you force their hand, they force yours. You can't have your cake and eat it, too.
that's what insurance companies do , why so surprised ?
oh it's explicable in a word: blackmail
very true....I have Aetna....it is ridiculous
@billmon1 Inexplicable? You can't explain it?
Did I really once support you? Where was my mind? In the gutter of course. You're the same as all politicians. Demagogue.
Glad to see one legislator came back from recess ready to the people's work!! We need you!
despicable
Anything that takes Humana out of health insurance business is a good thing.  They don't pay claims, per MN AG.
#CommerceWithoutMorality
thank you and keep up the good work
/ No it's a for-profit company doing exactly what it's supposed to. We just shouldn't have those in healthcare.
Sadly I have Aetna coverage from my employer. Health care providers and insurers are a broken partnership. Patients suffer!
Kind of like the ACA.
Policy of usurping h/c industry & bringing financial & coal industries 2 heel via regulatory agencies is unAmerican & dangerous
No, it's what corporations do. This is what happens when healthcare is a business.
@marstu67 Just makes the case for UHC that much stronger. Greed, profit and health care is a toxic mix!
Reform Corporate Profiteers, make the system work again.
Inexcusable.
.@SenWarren Nope. Perfectly explicable.
Aetna’s decision to use the health of millions of Americans as a bargaining chip for its Humana merger is inexplicable & irresponsible.
Get rid of the middleman. They don't provide healthcare, they stand in the way. Medicare for all!
And will continue because the elected officials of our government do jack shit about it.  Corruption at its finest.
Are they actually trying to push the country to single payer?
Get rid of the middleman.
Elizabeth, keep up the great work, call out the villains.
thankyou PUBLIC OPTION, single payor >>>>Prescription drug cost are NUTZ #hepcharvoni"curedrug" there is NO reason for it CURES!
It's explicable, just not in any way that makes Aetna look decent.
Manipulation at its worst.
What is more irresponsible is BHO lied to us and it cost Americans millions of dollars.  I miss my doctor.
like government ruining the greatest country & healthcare by thinking they know everything
both are horrible so they'll make one huge mistake. They need to realize health care is a right & never should be a privilege.
monopoly
But was it unpredictable?
"Insurers warn Obamacare losses are unsustainable" 
The Hill  April 15, 2016
Aetna’s decision to use the health of millions of Americans as a bargaining chip for its Humana merger is inexplicable & irresponsible.
@Aetna 's never been a solid citizen, but they're off the deep end now.
Aetna makes the best case for Single Payer there is..  @Aetna
of course. Greed.
they are taking a cue from congressional democrats i guess in distorting truth
All of a sudden I practically need pretty approval on many meds. 90 day supplies now 30 day supplies. Some 30 day supplies cut
it's horrifying what they are doing! They are screwing thousands out of valuable and much needed health care!
Ready yet? #SayNoLiz #NoOn2 #keepthecap @SOPublicSchools


Forcing us to by GARBAGE INSURANCE that covers NOTHING at 3times the price is CRIMINAL! Yet YOU ALL walk free!
They warned what would happen if the merger was blocked.  Why should they lose $$ because of a failed health care folly?
Aetna & other Ins Comps should not be allowed to do business in states where they do not offer Health Ins.
Actually it's explicable(leverage) & irresponsible.Maximizing profit is a part ofCapitalism which iswhy Health Care should not be
nobody cares what you have to say - go away
extremely irresponsible! Why we need a public option. Put health above profits!
Ya we should all work for free.  Nobody should profit and get ahead. Really?

Aetna PUNISHED the Fed's/ObamaCare for NOT allowing MERGER! @SenWarren @BernieSanders @hillaryclinton #Hillary @CNN
http://www.warren.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1221 …
We need a one-payer system or the ins cos are going to wipe us out.
question begs to be asked, why are some insurers doing fine & others 'failing'?
Not the Insurance Co responsibility, to make sure the ACA doesn't fail! It was a disaster from the start. Should have read it
not inexplicable they are trained to kill the ACA any way they can its profit over people just like always
I'm totally on-board a disparaging remark session regarding Aetna. My health experience with them was lackluster.  Keep going!
Sadly, it's business as usual in the #USA.
Hillary Hillary is no Lady she defended Bill when his Anatomy was being Shady. While he was poking and having fun.1/2
She was having a baby by another one. She got poked and prodded by by Bill and with the other man she forgot her pill.
and should be illegal.
As is your support of war criminal @HillaryClinton .
It should be illegal. Big concession made w/ACA to let these insurers have an opt out. Unconsciounable trade off. #singlepayer
and unethical! People's lives should not be bargaining chips! Shame on them!
I have Humana and worry that they are going to destroy the company.
I can say the VA is better been getting my VA medical care for 20 plus years
Hillary Clintons negligence for classified info is inexplicable
But sadly not surprising. It's all about the money
irresponsible, yes. Inexplicable.... to us. To them it makes perfect sense. #GREED
it's easy, their CEO stands to make 131 million from the merger....
The VA is no better its time for term limits for all gov employees to stop this criminal gov
that's crap and you know it!
Their entire idea of what is considered preventive care is ridiculous also.Who is monitoring the industry?
health insurance companies need to be much, much more federally regulated.

and you truly think the government loves you and cares for you?? Didn't seem to work too well in the Soviet Union
it's awful
