We need a "how-to" for overturning CITIZENS UNITED.  Looking to you for guidance.  Thanks for your brave voice.
#ScrewThePeople.   #ItsAllAboutTheParty.  #CorruptDems
It's the one thing saving us from another financial crisis
@MAHAMOSA @CFPB please! You have zero credibility; lost it all when you supported HRC over Sanders, licking her boots for VP post
This needs MORE RETWEETS people
it wasn't racism and bigotry is why y'all lost. Y'all kept Yellow Cab selling out the middle class for the corporations.
is there some reason u feel the need to need to start ur sentences with let me be clear? Do u assume your readers r fools?
@MAHAMOSA @CFPB 

Foolish for any @TheDemocrats to think @HillaryClinton was a more suitable candidate than @SenSanders. Soooo.
Then why did Wall Street pour millions into Hillary's campaign while virtually boycotting the @realDonaldTrump campaign?
What possible reason could there be to not fully stand behind the CFPB?
well how corrupt is it for you Democrats to be run by George Soros? Ex Felon and known Communist!
This organization is unconstitutional & not accountable to the President, not to mention fraud & abuses mounting with it.
Please explain,& site your source because most us Americans KNOW CFPB was set up4 our citizens' benefit!
Go to @USAConsumers For those questions.
Just another bureaucratic lobbying group kicking back dirty money to groups like Pocahontas and Progressive Party.
the DNC was over the moment you all became Rethuglicans. We need a new Bernicrat party.
Americans are wise to the Soros Democrat control! We will not let that Commie exfelon ruin our Country!
Your Dodd-Frank is killing Small Businesses.. Better work with our President Elect Trump to have accountability and relief
The D.C. Court of Appeals disagrees, finding the agency's structure "unconstitutional": 
http://www.chapman.com/insights-publications-CFPB_Ruling_DC_Circuit_Unconstitutional.html …
@MAHAMOSA @CFPB i see it even worse its already weak it needs to start CLOSING banks instead of probes and monetary fines!
our nation will not survive this. Welcome to the financial apocalypse --Rest In Peace USA 1492-2017
U shudda Turned in ObamaCare & the Henchmen IRS for the Aca penalties, punishing taxpayers, & 501c conservative groups
@GilpinPeri @CFPB we don't care about your party
the great leaders in this country doesn't seem to care! They are turning their head away pretending and a
obviously you don't represent anyone but your self.  Wake up and serve
new mtg refs do nothing to protect consumers. Recession caused as much by Congress as bad players in mtg market!!!
you are horribly misguided. Not curbing the CFPB is one reason your party lost. Wells Fargo larger after CFPB.
@elizabethforma disappointed you are ignoring the "elephant in the room" lately! @HillaryClinton @TheDemocrats #ImStillWithHer
It's foolish for anyone period that's not part of the .1% to think weakening hte CFPB is good.
One consumer has no power. American people need CFPB on our side.  Plz protect us & fight for fairness, equality & justice.
, I was directly helped by the @CFPB when negotiating my defaulted student loans. Thank you for standing up for it.
Please keep standing up for us, bless you for your courage.
you're a mess
CFPB's charter has been far out-sized by its ineffectual disfunction from the very start.
Why did you rush to meet with Soros today. Got something you want to share?
weakening democracy by not condemning riots isnt good for America.
We need to do a better job of letting Americans know what the @CFPB has done4them. How do we do that?
Help us FIGHT Trump (HITLER) 2016!  He just named Bannon, endorsed by KKK & the Nazi Party to the TOP WH spot! @sheenA_8886
Let me guess, You heard that crap on the news. Can you provide links 2 your claims? Other than appt Bannon
If you read history, study the past carefully! You'll understand why a demagogue should never be POTUS @SenWarren @sheenA_8886
it often starts of very well! President elect off to a great start already!

foolish for Dems not to endorse @SenSanders for Prez
great thinking!
What exactly were you thinking was good about the abomination that is CFPB?
#trumpShowBirthCert
#trumpShowTaxes1970-2016
Just like we put Prez. Trump in....
Why did you meet with Nazi 
enabler.@georgesoros? He's organizing and funding all the riots, you in on it too?
Let me be clear: your constituents believe it is good to loosen ergo...since u represent us, do what we say or we will vote you out.
Let's settle debate once & for all. Nothing u can do anyway. Vote no & let it go. Ur health will b affected if u sweat it
No weakening of @CFPB  None!
@BernieSanders @SenToomey DO NOT let them mess with SS and medicare. Seniors have it hard enough w/no raises for 2 years
if it's like during the Bush years the dismantling of financial regulations will be done quietly & under cover of darkness
@LucySpag @CFPB Senator Warren I hope you will fight tooth and nail to keep this theft from happening. Please
Your CFPB is corrupt.  They put an unnecessary regulatory burden on community banks. Consumer advocacy not a witch hunt!
you tell them!!!! Warren/Booker 2020
I'm most concerned about the people Trump is surrounding himself with in the White House - Bannon?  Come on.  Supremacists!
You couldn't be more right! Wall St & Big Business are like lions on the Serengeti looking upon us as nothing but prey.
as a mortgage lender 31 yrs in the business: 100% agreed
Shut up and take my money! And by money, I mean vote! They’re the same thing now, right? 2020, baby.
you and @SenSanders need to fight for the people.  Stay in the fight!!
Please tell me Dems plan on blocking every Obamacare repeal attempt in the Senate
can someone shut her little tweeter off.....
be clear, I can't read the letters on my screen....douche. When someone says "let me be clear" you lose credibility
Correction: It's foolish for any American to think weakening support for the @CFPB is good for the country or good for us!
has become so tough on financial businesses that they're constrained with compliance costs vs. being able to provide loans.
Ahahaha that bureau you built is going to be dismantled and set ablaze RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU. Should've supported Bernie.
Amen! Keep up the good fight!
supporting TRUMP PERIOD is weakening all we stand for...give him the same respect/support GOP gave let them do their own lifting
Why #NancyPelosi, #SenElizabethWarren #KeithEllison MEETING with WANTED criminal?http://usdefensewatch.com/2016/11/putin-issues-international-arrest-warrant-for-george-soros-dead-or-alive/ … … TREASON?
can you run for POTUS in 2020? I already know a TON of people who would eagerly vote for you. #pleasewithacherryontop ?
Not only is @SenWarren a flip-flopper she's meeting w/Criminal Riot Instigator: #Soros, Big Donors ..."
Does Trump still know more about isis than the generals?
@GilpinPeri @CFPB Consumer protection should ALWAYS b as much apart of the makeup of the Democratic Party as our other endeavors
Google 'net worth of Sen Liz warren' and see for yourself what a phony she is.
have less laws but enforce them ferociously. Less regs on banks but execute the bastards that steal from consumers.
Let me be clear: Having you in our political system is bad for our country. Republicans are here to fix your screw ups.
However, supporting a #MuslimBrotherhood #Hamas sympathizer is not foolish for America ? #Subversive
Hamas democratically elected govt! Warren&killer Clinton back blockade&Israeli terror! no more #HillarysWars
Kill Hamas. Period.
Free Gaza, free Palestine! end terror of Israel & its stooges like killer Clinton! No more #HillarysWars
Palestine is a myth.
Please cite 2 pieces of legislation you have authored since taking office?
Whats that, there are none you say.....huh.
it cannot be overstated how important the @CFPB is for low income homeowners. Gutting it would be devastating
@brianbeutler @CFPB @Change.org Millions Signed Petition to Electors Cast ballots on Dec 19 for Hillary who Won popular vote
Give it up.....Killary lost, get over it.
Terrorist attack like 9-11 coming. Stupid President, easy target.
Why would any Citizen of America think that its Not Good 2 Protect the Rights of Consumers from BIG CORPS?
Dems need to start playing tough. Repubs play dirty, shouldn't be able to get away with it.
You need to filibuster and filibuster. Read Clinton's email for filibustering
You need to fight in the Senate and keep an eye on Schummer
What's CFPB?
needs to be in place to investigate Trump/Manafort/Putin & Comeys interference into elections
I think there are more important things right now like a country divided by DT/Bannon hateful rhetoric!A special prosecutor
Repubs won with lies, voter suppression. Period. Dem message was strong. Country not get rich quick scheme. Obstructionism won.
#ElizabethWarren for #POTUS2020 (& for Senate Majority Leader in 2018)!
But Hillary received  $Millions from big banks for speaking engagements.  U where with her.  
2 yrs. Ried, Pelozi, you out, at the same time we will be working a strong Republican ground game, capturing local posts
@talktojhill @CFPB that organization is a monster and Warren is a lightweight Dr. Frankenstein
is there any chance to sway the http://electoral.college  vote
Why did it take the City of Los Angeles to do anything on Wells Fargo instead of the CFPB?
@InquiringMindGA @CFPB CAN YOU TELL ME ABOUT GOP NEEDING ONE MORE STATE LEGISLATURE AND CONSTITUTION????
He is going to rob America BLIND --- not taking a salary was a total joke....this is just creepy....Obamahelp
Please run for President in 2020.
What  are Dems doing to fight The Third Reich building under the guise of DT's presidency?! 
Its fascism...!!!
GOP have proved time and again that corp interests R top priority....question is will Dems resist or fight each other?
No Trump
I know this is early, but you are our only hope! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN FOUR YEARS!
Is it like it was foolish of you not to endorse @SenSanders, which resulted in Dems losing WH?
Let US be clear. This a VERY much needed Agency, which Sen Warren created to help The People. WE want it. #KeepTheCFPB!
Foolish for ANYONE
Lizzy stop the crap, no one ever supported the Banks more than Liar Hillary. Your tweet like you is nonsense pandering
the death of Dodd-Frank will also eliminate the middle class for good.
& your opinion matters...because??
depends on whether you are talking about Dem voters or the DNC. the DNC would love to weaken @CFPB, no different than RNC
Fight.
not sure about it
anybody who disagrees with Queen Elizabeth is foolish. Stupid peasants!!!
Dems have been so blind & foolish. Hence, here we are. Among the lot, they can't seem to stitch together 1 whole testicle.
I fully support the CFPB. They saved my home.
Please speak out against Trump's selection of a white supremacist as his chief adviser in the white house!!!
THIS! THIS! THIS! Protect the people of this country! This is an outrage!
But aren't we at the mercy of the GOP now? Surely they will destroy.
Oh geez, they're going after the @CFPB? Hope you all are ready for Great Recession 2: Electric Boogaloo.
If you don't run for prez in 2020, I'm going to hunt you down and give you an atomic wedgie, Liz.
The right can do what they want now, Elizabeth. We are prisoners of a racist nation.
what will be done? It sounds to me like Dems have no power at all. We were the majority of the popular vote. But have no power
3 million illegal votes cast in election, Trump won by a landslide!
A graphic of accomplishments would be good to start circulating...
.@SenWarren @CFPB Yes! We have to fight ignorance w/ fact. A nice meme with sourcing should do. 1 roll-up & some anecdotes. :) @AditiJuneja3
That and many other bloated government agencies are about to get a lot smaller and efficient.
keep fighting for us, Sen Warren! Tell em the truth! #warrenforprez2020
it would be hard to weaken the power of a government agency with virtually zero enforcement authority
I don't see any Dems going anything right.  Don't hold your breath sweetheart.
the electors can save us
everyone needs to promote this so hillary can win on december the 19th, the real election isn't over yet 
I am going to state the obvious... this is a horrible idea this will cause a war.
