Don't forget GOP don't want women in military. They want us back in 40s and 50s with men making all rules for us
There is nothing stopping you from enlisting...They are going to need people for the front lines in Syria
Thank you but I already have served my country with 2 tours in Iraq and now as a detective. What have you done
raised two wonderful children and two beautiful grandchildren and an amazing great granddaughter.
If you have really served thank you and I pray for your safety while being on the force.
Ma'am I would not lie about being in service. But I thank you for your prayers it heard being an officer today
I worry about our police officers..it breaks my heart to see those young children lose their dads for no reason
The children break my heart as well. We need God and love back here in USA. Not hate
quit ur whining Gartrell r u oppressed when asked 4 ident when driving/buying booze/airlines? voter fraud matters
try going to factual info instead of devious dem sites that need blacks 2 keep supporting their lies. voter fraud real
u mean those results up @ top that support dem stats? try looking deeper & using sites who don't hv ulterior motves
you can't investigate fraud in something that doesn't exist
do you live under a rock?
no I'm smart enough to know the earth goes through cycles and we can never produce enough toxins to affect it
Yeah, you're do smart John Doe that you're even smarter than 97% of climate scientists!
You mean the same scientist that screamed the world was freezing in the 70s?
that was the minority of scientists
the same was the Dems Primary was rigged to benefit HRC
what a laugh. What you consider infringement is,eat was needed to enter DNC and most anything in US
And no one is  investigating the voter fraud in the democratic primary, Check your closet
TOO BAD STATES CANT STOP THE MURDERING OF UNBORN HUMAN CHILDREN, YOU AFRAID OF FRAUD INVESTIGATION YOU KNOW THERE IS FRAUD
@SenWarren @GOP
You support HRC - her team /DNC intentionally suppressed/obstructed the vote.  Don't even go there with us. #BernieOrJill
Retire Pocahontas you're another liar! Indian?
and the voter fraud fraud
Pocahontas has spoken! OMG. What a scary woman! Almost as scary as Hillary! #Trump2016 #WomenForTrump
Can we investigate your native American claims? That sure looks like fraud.
#gotohell
#say the fraud senior
Can't think of single instance where state rights was used to expand civil liberties, unless it was about easier gun buying
Obamacare is restricting rights and regulating all people's bodies.
you mean show a simple ID and not to kill babies as birth control? The controlling women's bodies line is just plain dumb!
Warren u r such a freaking fraud. only climate fraud is progressives making up $hit so they can make millions on our backs
Mandatory HPV vaccine is NOT FREEDOM TO CHOOSE.  BAD!!! It harms girls bodies!!
so why aren't you pushing for a fraud investigation of the DNC after the #DNCleak ?
statement about @GOP and importance for state rights is another blatant #lie. @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump #elizabethwarren
climate Chang is called weather patterns. Look it up been happening since the beginning.
Don Trump is a Grim Groper running for President and after finding out he likes groping Jill Harth. Get him on this. lock up
Please tell us how you think about the GOP calling for Hillarys execution. As a lawyer -at what point is this just illegal.
u mean when we want her locked up? so where were u when farrakan & blk panthers call 4 murder of all whites?
1. LOL; 2. Abortion is murder; 3. Climate Change™ is fraud.
1. U R an idiot 2. Abortion is a personal thing U don't want it don't have it, but get out of other's way.
WHEN FLORIDA AND #THEGREATPUMPKIN WATCH KEY LARGO SLIP BELOW THE WATERLINE...THEY'LL BLAME IT ON HILLARY.
so u think voting 4 woman who has gotten away w treasonous crimes 4 30 yrs is better? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kypl1MYuKDY …
STOP WATCHING THE MENDACIOUS FOX... DO YOUR OWN FACT CHECKING...TRY
voters should have to show ID and make sure they are legal citizens! Period! That is the AMERICAN WAY!
CLIMATE CHANGE IS BS THE EARTH HAS BEEN GOING THROUGH CLIMATE CHANGE SINCE THE DAWN OF TIME. YOU ARE SUCH A MISANDRIST PUTZ
Just wondering how you can say this after endorsing Hillary, who takes money from Big Oil and climate deniers?
This should be the great issue of the election. Here's my documentation on why to vote for Hillary
are you racist and think blacks are incapable of getting proof of identification?  Fauxahantus is apparently a racist.
You said it- Climate change is fraud!!!
just like pro-life for the GOP does not apply to the death penalty or gun laws #prolife #guncontrol #deathpenalty
stop telling people what they should think and listen to what you should think
You call it regulating women's bodies. You are delusional! When you rip a live baby from the womb, it's called murder!
there hundreds of ways men and women can use to keep from getting pregnant. They don't need a procedure that could kill them too!
Jill Stein is the only conscientious candidate - plz consider supporting her unite voters disillusioned by Trump and Hillary
Your afraid of your own SHADOW !! debate against Trump !! Looser
states rights?? Are you trying to start another civil war Betty?
Voter rights...yeah
liar
what about false claims of heritage to gain preferrential admissions consideration to college?
Sen Warren, you're insane. Thought so when you talked about those cheekbones. Know it now for sure & you lie like a Clinton
Since you like to fight against fraud and corruption, here: http://fair.org/home/with-dnc-leaks-former-conspiracy-theory-is-now-true-and-no-big-deal/ …

#DemsInPhilly #JillNotHill #DemExit
BREAKING: Romanian hacker with access to Clinton emails found dead in jail cell http://christiantimesnewspaper.com/breaking-romanian-hacker-with-access-to-clinton-emails-found-dead-in-jail-cell/ … via @Christian Times
I thought we were back to calling it global warming. At least you were correct calling it a fraud.
agrees the system is rigged.  DEMS have been in for 8 years & they couldn't get things done! #ImWithYou
Please retire, collect your pension & free health insurance & give your seat to someone with worthwhile ideas & opinions
PALEEEZ no one is going to over turn roe v wade, gay marriage, women in military NOBODY. Climate change is a BS ISIS is real
you owe Natives an apology. Thief!
At least you admit it's a fraud.
@myrdenis Hillary would know about fraud.
Apparently you don't care if Zika destroys this country. You fight for the wrong things Pocohantas!
you definitely don't speak like a woman. You have a filthy mouth. Shame on you.
sounds like a witch hunt. Group think. Modern day inquisition.
abortion is about culling the minority populations.Democrats started the KKK, Jim Crow laws, racists New Deal jobs programs.
Squaw lady you are just another pro death advocate who  advocates murdering the unborn under the guise of women's health.
I don't think most ppl see @GOP for what it is-the OTHER arm of progressivism. They keep falling for the hoax. Trump is YOUR guy.
So let's just use abortion as birth control. How about the babies bodies?
They could take lessons on election fraud from the DNC #DNCleak #CorpOwnedDNC #DemExit Kaine VP supports deregulating banks
Climate Change happened when you got married! Your husband listened to you talk and went from 97.6 to boiling over! #shutup
They also apply to removing LGBT rights! Just ask @NCLeg & idiot @PatMcCroryNC
control the body , instead of killing babies.
and you think this ... is okay to go into the bathroom with my daughter.
you hear of the dead ppl voting in LA? Yep, CBS local news. U naive end to think that is the only place in the country?
who believes this woman? Just how naive are you?
let's talk about Fraud & Abuse of Power. She will be out of a Job come January the POS
@_Carja @GOP How come HRC platform stays away from accmplshmnts such as removing head of Al Queda or Women's Rights worldwide?
If you have 2 change data 2 make it fit your narrative you might be involved in #ClimateChangeFraud (or anything Dems push)
you totally are out there, another one who forbids truth , I'm with Donald Trump I can't and will not support people's lies
Well, there was that slavery thing.
we need more of you..sense time time in US history!
Ivana Colorblind Ideology Is a Form of Racism. A colorblind approach allows us to deny uncomfortable cultural differences
. GOP

Generations of
Oppressing
People
: U nailed it!
Climate change is the biggest boondoggle ever perpetrated on the American people! #ClimateHustle
and democrats dont care for women who suffer because of abortion
@SenWarren @GOP
BILLIONS on Climate Change & BILLIONS on Renewable Energy = BILLIONS stole frm taxpayers for BANKRUPT effort. THAT'S FRAUD!
Really? States Rights? Now you want to respect them? #Indiana #RFRA Goes without saying #hypocrite
isn't it interesting Tx is experiencing that thing that doesn't exist like a mo#&*rfu#*%r?
While for @SenWarren and @TheDemocrats the federal gov't can use your money to pay back insurance companies for losses on #Obamacare
best candidate for the job. Let's do this right
@StopFoolingCa @GOP it has a lot more to do than that! Are you admitting climate change fraud?
but why do you want them investigation the Obama administration for fraud?
Pocahontas
@Fired_Up_2016 @GOP 
This is true.
Pocahontas and her friends have created a new law "climate change fraud" intended to violate 1st amendment rights. Nazi!!!!!
You want to call out fraud now?!
please, this while investigation is a farce
Women sitting in prison right now for prostitution. What have you done for them? Your a liar and fraud.
You would know about fraud Pocahontas!
apparently lying to congress under oath if  you are a democrat somehow isn't against the law. Martha Stewart served time!
@MTmarilyn2 @GOP Trump nor Ryan or McConnell couldn't get John Beohner to show up for this non policy Circus
prog's hate "states rights " except when they use confederate thinking to " nullify federal immigration laws"
hillary clinton except millions of $ from countries who opress rights n women.rape n marry children,and kill gays,your point
you are insane.
Is Trump in financial trouble? His tax returns would show. #realtrump
@ohohyeah @GOP AND guns.Always guns.In TX, guns and property rights. Voting right infringement most critical. Yay for 5th Circuit
Elizabeth Warren supports killing innocent babies.  She covers this by using the dog whistle "regulating women's bodies."
You finally admit the climate change cult is a fraud?  Good on you, Cupcake!

.
You got one thing right, Senator Warren. Climate change IS a fraud, set up by liberals to increase their power and money.
they are total idiots
http://linkis.com/thinkprogress.org/cl/2og4K …
And u think state's rights are only for violating people's right to free speech.
So shutting down someone's right to free speech is now what liberals stand for. Nice.
and legalized discrimination.
@nebraskaredrose @GOP Shut up please. You said nothing when Clintonites committed voter fraud & voter suppression.
LOL!! 
HRC & DJT are both disgusting corrupt candidates. HRC just slightly less so.
The irony of any dem whining about voting after 2016 primaries.
Not to mention the darling playing moral high ground @JohnKasich big perp/voter supression
I am so amazed by your stupidity and vapid partisan rhetoric. Ashamed you are my senator.
@SenWarren @GOP
next you'll say something stupid like climate change is real
Wrong again Pocahontas!
Is there no end to your campaign of misinformation?
sickening, but they don't believe there is such a thing
STICK  IT TO EM
meanwhile, on planet Earth... http://www.climatedepot.com/2016/07/20/global-warming-expedition-stopped-in-its-tracks-by-arctic-sea-ice/ …
GOP wants to Make America Bake Again this record heat setting Summer.
NO NO! Let's talk about #WATERGATE, #BasementServers, #SaudiFunding , #Benghazi , #ErasedEmails, #AMERICASRIGHTTOSAFETY
Huh? The GOP would be VERY happy to investigate the fraud of climate change.
Lizzy you are indeed acting like quite the fool.
Unless you're investigating the fraud that is climate change, with all due respect, STHU
Climate change fraud? You're a fraud!!
you are exactly right Senator!!
keep on Senator Warren!!!!!!!! 
Actual science proves the climate change nonsense pushed by Dems is fraudulent. Everyone knows that Dems & truth r strangers
Time to tweet about death sentences for HRC proposed by Trump delegates at the repub convention.
Federalist papers: discussed the need for the union above a confederacy like Europe. The FED is not doing its job.
Only one candidate has a close relationship with the KKK and openly agrees with their ideology.
JOBS Jobs and JOBs look at the angry white mob chanting lock her up the issue is jobs and future
YOU are the FRAUD we should be investigating. When are you opening a casino?
States rights apply on the reservation, Princess Lying Dog?
. Talk to them Ms. Warren.
Fraud is Warren herself & Hillary's Tax thar will NOT stop Natural Climate Change which is a repeating cycle.
NEVER HILLARY
SHUTUP FAKER!!!!!!
she is so sick. She frames everything in the most twisted divisive way, and then claims she stands for unity.
Put a zipper on it
the left should be investigated for climate change fraud
The sole purpose of the origination of States' Rights was for the protection of slavery. It should end now.
another dumb progressive that never learned history or facts n school now a dunce under lies/influence of dems
http://linkis.com/thinkprogress.org/cl/2og4K …
Christ on a stick that's a terrible idea. It's as if the GOP wants to poke us in the eye with global warming.
they have a VERY extreme platform - I bet most Republicans don't know half of the platform
Even Greepeace has a comment here. Do you? 

http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/campaign-updates/hillary-clintons-connection-oil-gas-industry/ …
@HenryPetzold The fraud here "lies" in the climate change accusations levied. Pardon the pun.
nope climate change actually does exist
absolutely it does but as most scientists agree today, naturally occurring.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surveys_of_scientists%27_views_on_climate_change … no they agree it is man made
#Warren surely regrets not living during the Constitutional Convention when she could have advocated for #Federalism.
If you cared about the 10th amendment, you would be fighting for it and not using it to call Republicans hypocrites.
They do seem to have a conscience of convenience; gotta doubt any principle other'n bein' dupes for big oil donors, huh?
Nice divisive language. You seem like a great leader.
Nor in deciding local elections & state Supreme Court decisions as in Fl. Bush v. Gore. Judicial activism? Strict constrct??
bullshit!
Elizabeth I hope you will shout to the people they must Give Hillary a congress to go along with her presidency if not SOS.
What about this guy?
wait, so suddenly u support state's rights, but ONLY for the issues you support?!? How odd you'd attack someone for this....
Climate change is false.There is no such a thing.Why is it hot.Because the sun is closer to Earth.Truth!
ho,ho,ho,just a dam minute.You dumb ass democrats talk about climate change.God runs the weather and the Earth.
