tell that to TEXAS AG..... Last 3 are Republitards. Cornyn now senator with ties to banking ind. Abbott now Gov
ty of spending, not to mention my currency is USD. Am not implying not to collect taxes not only fr the big oil,
You lost ALL credibility when you endorsed @HillaryClinton #dncleak
ing for un erudite who don't understand their diseases & at the mercy of highly erudite M.Ds. who could be in it
Elizabeth you're as phony as a 3 dollar bill and as crooked as Hillary. Take that bool shet you pedaling on down
more companies that give money to hillary
in he state of MA in '05. Sadly, this plc. is a welfare land & the one representing them in house of Congress
zens? Needless to mention corruption & predatory practices by those at the top? Wake up & smell the coffee!(lol!)
What about educational spending, infrastructure development, debt payment. Where's the transparency, accountabili
How are the taxes collected being spent by those in the position of power. Straight to their pocket? Foodstamps?
Tex elected nimrod #2 (RIck Perry) for 12 yrs due to oil and GOP - obscene - nimrod #1 is DT of course :)
When did Hillary Clinton join the GOP? Didn't Bill sign the deal leading to the demise of the Glass-Steagall ?
Whatever the AGs decide to do, they probably aren't going to go around pretending to be Indians.
@LamarSmithTX2 unfortunately, we will get no help from the AG in Florida.
to fleece for USD. I paid all my credit cards timely when I was employed. I know there are those who sympathized
she's scheming for USD. Tell her to acct. for USD spending besides entitlements, bec health care cost is stagger
seems to refuse to state facts. She'll reason she couldn't do anything bec she only has an A.S. Either that or
year, could afford to dine @ an expensive restaurant. The only reason why I'm here is bec I couldn't find a job
When I was employed in the biotech as a researcher and sch as a teacher, I could afford to travel once or twice a
she only has an A.S. (Associate of Science) Tell me what's wrong.
Don't be alarmed, am still a democrat, but common sense dictates reasons, and couldn't swing right considering my
I could swing right given my circumstance of long term unemployment&someone would reason she couldn't do anything
early as birth. And then you tell them, they have no skills & you want H2s. What would happen to our fellow citi-
highly skilled, talented, & educated workforce, but how is that feasible if you feed them w/ WIC, foodstamps as
w/ the productivity of workforce fr emerging & sprawling economies. Is there something wrong with us? We need
how do I get my money's worth if my employees aren't productive or merely furniture employees. How can we compete
but also productive jobs. With paid sick leave, medical & dental benefits, matching 401(k), tuition reimbursement
spend. If I were to start a business, would you give me a tax break? It's not just simply job titles & wages,
know, I'll fix it! Am currently un employed, how do you create jobs so I can have a steady stream of income to
but also fr non big oil businesses s/ as airlines, shippings. Why do airlines hedge w/ falling oil prices? Let me
- The Riddler's big crime buddies don’t want Batman to do his job, but the Batman isn't going to cower to crime or the Riddler!
@washingtonpost Because their preoccupied w/ cowering 2 Felon Credit Suisse & NTT Data. Just ask @AGSchneiderman.
How bout @HillaryClinton 's big oil buddies? My god, you made the most monumental blunder of your life endorsing her. #dncleak
how about deportation of illegal immigrants #doyourjob
.@SenWarren @LamarSmithTX21 How did you drive to work lady? Your car runs on hot air? Or if electric, 37% of electricity is coal Got It?

But state AGs should be impartial. They are not.
You're looking at oil while Trump undermines democracy. Why aren't you taking him on? Lots of fodder daily.
so when are you going to complain about all this pay to play corruption in your own party? #Guccifer
The creator gives power to the unwealthy. They just have to be brave enough to use that power. #StrongerTogether!
Welllll  that may depend on what state you live in. Case in point FL vs NY on Trump University.
Billionaires manipulating Democracy for their own means.
Sen Warren will be POTUS someday.
please boast about what you have accomplished in the Senate.
O guess when Dems can't get something thru congress they just move on to abuse justice system.
Stand tall
Sen Warren, I think this would be great! It will provide a public forum for articulating ExxonMobile's excesses.
If TX numbnut won't haul in Exxon for malfeasance, IMO the next best thing is a forum for AGs who have
: And Hillary cowers to Wall Street and her Middle East cronies where women are treated as sub-servants.
Entire GOP r try'g to undermine every aspect of govt. 
Why elect people into power who don't believe in govt?
Right OUR gov only cowers to KILLARY & allow her to RISK NATIONAL SECURITY..
I wish that were true in Texas :(.
They cower in Oklahoma day after day, year after year. Shameful state of politics in our apathetic state.
keep up the good work Elizabeth! The bible warned about people like Lamar!
- So much for "States Rights."
.@SenWarren @LamarSmithTX21 Unless they get a big check from the Trump Foundation.
As a Texan.... *Sigh*
Pocahontas on the warpath #WackJob @SenWarren @LamarSmithTX21
another ravist!
Thanks to you and @RepKClark for standing up strong and fighting back!
Sen Warren: maybe time to campaign for Hillary in NH?
Wanna bet?
if the AG's didn't have anything to hide, Congress wouldn't need subpoenas now would they?
how much you pay the DNC for your next gig after Hillary steals the election ?
stealing what?  Do you even know what you're talking about?
yes you fucking egg do
No one cares what you think!
No, they just rub their hands waiting for the next big donation.
Do you regret not endorsing Bernie yet?
No cause she got to stand next to the anointed one! So all's good with Liz! @Old_Bern_Kenobi @SenWarren @LamarSmithTX21
