Again Pocahontas, do you have PROOF of criminal intent?  I see your lips moving but nothing to back your claims.
Where does it say anything about intent?
The part where she says "illegally". Again, she never provides actual proof.  Just runs her mouth. @SenWarren
There's nothing about the word "illegally" that implies intent.
We've entered an age of Robber Barons again--and now they're right inside our government.
But @realDonaldTrump is for the little guy! He said so, so it must be true!
Trump has no idea what 'little guys' need. He's never been one & has no close contact with any
He must have had contact with some of those contractors he stiffed
At least he didn't advance his career by lying and committing fraud like you did when you said you were an Indian.  Liar!!
perhaps the same foreclosures you bought out?
THAT'S FUNNY lie-awatha fake indian you made lots of money flipping foreclosed homes! You are such a phoney liar and hypocrite!
I lost my home after my husband passed away!  During the crisis that started in 2007 2008
Why didn’t you do anything to stop this?
As u say, he moved in "after" the crash.  U need to focus instead on those who actually caused the crash!!
And no one will go to jail. At most, they'll get a "large" fine which they'll pay from petty cash.
@realDonaldTrump you mean like Obama is doing?
and you pos bought some of them have proof fake pokeahauist
the links to the source of these allegations can be found where?
Give me a break! If it was so-called illegal do you think the greedy government wouldn't have stepped in? Really reaching!!
How much money did you make in the Crash? I heard it was around  $6 million. You are such a joke
He saved the bank from collapse, saved jobs, and inherited the mess his predecessors built.
Trump isn't draining the swamp, he's promoting it @realDonaldTrump @GOP @TheDemocrats #meetthenewboss #partisan #divided
Your just a flying monkey for Soros 
Trump is in charge get over it
Pls hit the talks shows with this info and hopefully get news to follow up
shameful, and of course just int he style of DT who said he wanted the crash to profit from
why is he not in jail....
they don't go to jail instead they get nice going away packages sometimes in the millions. Like Wells Fargo execs
it's just so disgusting, omg disgusting
to me it's actually criminal
Criminal? What the he'll do you call the last 8 years. Obama makes Nixon look like a choir boy.
liar!
lol how many ya buy lizzie?????????????? bet this remains unanswered
if he broke the law; prosecute him.  America is tired of the rich complaining about the rich.  Either uphold the laws, or don't.
Our home was supposed to be "short-sold" in 2010 but was put on our credit report as "foreclosed,"thus stopping us from othr crdt
Deja Vu?
How is Trump able to pull the wool over the eyes of so many hard working Americans?!?
Bank of America stole my home! Where is your outrage? Does it not fit your agenda ?
You continue to defame others, you should look in the mirror, you lie and stole money, pay it back

Spewing false news and lies is a reflection of the lack of quality of your character. What s Democrat.
@MAHAMOSA @billclinton Started that mess & #Dubya & @BarackObama perpetuated it--so would've @HillaryClinton
NOT surprised!  Keep the pressure on Wall Street Senator!
Geez Elizabeth...what caused those bankruptcies in the first place?
the free market and rule of law really bother u don't they
Go pick ur nose or something. At least constructive.
; Blah, blah, blah. And we call this a Senator. Sad and disgraceful.
Where is the missing Tarp money? In Dems. bank accounts?
What happened to BO shovel ready jogs up in smoke? Affd. H. C.???
how do we disseminate this better
please, please, stop trump BEfORE it's too late and he gets sworn in!!!!! There must be a legal way to stop him.
Yeah, you democrats set that up nicely, making banks write worthless mortgages to folks who couldn't afford them.
@vickscan 
Too bad 1/3 the country didn't care enough to vote and of the voters half voted for a Demagogue
Preaching to the choir
So NOT hard to believe!
You spread news with little or no fact to back it up.  You are nothing but Diarrhea  of the mouth.  Shut up and do your job.
We are not paying to to sit around all day and tweet this crap. Stop the whining and do your job.
Yeah, and you never bought foreclosed homes for profit either, did you? You are a hypocrite.
and you bought the do flip you preyed upon people
Here is the question Senator: If they had a pattern of ILLEGAL forclosure, why didn't the D's push the AG to prosecute them?
And Rump will set it up too happen again so the fat white rich 1% can do it again along with a few no named Russians
@realDonaldTrump -you mean one of trumps guys? nooo
- And you claim to be an Indian. Tsk, tsk.
If illegal why not prosecuted?
@cnnbrk @MSNBC This is Trumps World! It's what he built his Business on! Stiffing am Business & the working guy bank rptcys! CON!
"sometimes illegally"  Where's this "rule of law" we've heard of...?
Yeah? that's nice. What are you doing to help us with stolen election? Lawyers? Court? Charges? what?
Thought this might help
Thank you for the Christmas present. So kind of you to think of me. Merry Christmas to you!
She tells it like it is.  Thank you Elizabeth.
#WeThePeople know this. We also know nothing really was done to punish all involved-slap on hand-here's another bonus!
yep. We who are informed, know this
So you have done nothing the past 8 years? Do you have any clue how stupid you look? #DemExit #Rigged #FeelTheBern #MAGA
F/U: But BifA Mortgage stole equity citing atty fees! We never recd foreclosure notice they claimed.
F/U:We sold home w/no problem but never got explanation from BofAMort. We were never late & trad 30yr fixed.
Some we're doing so or trying even before that! BofAMortgage refused payments for 6 mon w/no reason given!
those that didn't pay their mortgages were deadbeats,we saved & worked our butts off to stay current, something liberals don't do
nice but can we focus on some bigger issues right now? Like whether we'll have freedom to debate anywhere much longer?
If Obama won't go after criminals on Wall Street, I doubt Donald will.
@NerdyTraveler Keep up the good work
We ain't seen nothing yet! Trump and family will plunder America for the next 4 years! Will his supporters ever wake up?
hey you go big fella dry them alligator tears up
@GetBZLiving his whole cabinet noms are all greedy ignorant humans so why the surprise.Will congress stop him or keep heads down?
Dems better put their big boy panties on and BLOCK these nominations!!!!!!!
zip it Fauxcahontas - how'd you get your wealth on a Senator salary we TAXPAYERS pay? You cut a deal w/ bailout money didn't you? Shameful.
could our country become the next Venezuela?

you are embarrassing
@SheilaGinHB 
Run Warren Run
In and he did not serve any Jail time,  now he will be in Charge of Treasury. Come on people  take you blinders off. DT is VILE
Yes and Big Banks were in on it
@doodlebug0 Sometimes, when you are a banker, you foreclose on people's homes. Is for fun. It's nothing personal.It's just biznis
"Then they said, 'Where else will we go?' I said, 'Why are you still here?' You should have seen their faces" Goldman
confirmation fodder.

|| Well, i guess you should have done something about it at the time.
I can' the believe how misinformed some Americans are.
I hope this is brought up at the hearings
.@SenWarren HYPOCRITE Warren foreclosed on homes to MAKE A PROFIT FOR HERSELF**HYPOCRISY OF LIBERALS**PATHETIC
keep watching fox. Uningormed!
are politicians in the US immune from libel suits...?
Liar. that was IndyMac, which was acquired by OneWest in 2009. OneWest absorbed the issues caused by IndyMac
fight the good fight for all..
do any of these cabinet members have no shame? Greed
just like our beloved senior senator, greedy. Ask her how she made her money in the crash? People in glass houses
filling the swamp!
that's the Trump morality!
where is the proof?
We're not safe. Whtevr Obama does, Trump will undo it. Putin is getting a bigger mouth and knows he has the upper hand over Obama
unfortunately the people who voted for Trump will be harmed the.most by this cabinet. .
can you tell @POTUS to help @NRDC before he goes.
That's Un-American!Taking advantage of ppl When theyR weak. Wait till we're up...Oh wait! weR already up! Dun just woke a GIANT!
donald figures nominees' behavior will be so bad, we'll overlook his priority for profits. Nice choice.
all of the greedy bustards Trump is putting into place can be removed by the Electoral College vote come Monday #notmypresident
So what your saying is that he will fit right in with the Trump administration. He's a typical Republican! #nevertrump
He's a monster
bla bla bla
Senator Warren hope your working on the Russian connection w/ Pres.
Obama. Keep Trump out of W.H.
Say's Pocahontas
says a racist!
Libtard!
It's time for the good people of this country to mobilize/activate. The government is supposed to work for US.
Yeah - and? Who is going to do anything about it is what I'd like to know!
Pocahontas bought foreclosed homes to.
I am chronically ill and disabled and terrified what my future will be
why didn't u arrest them?
Thank you for being a true progressive
#Resist @realDonaldTrump 
#ResistTrump @TheDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
How many more reasons does the @ElectoralCollge need to keep this Team out of the @WhiteHouse if they #VoteYourConscience
Right a lot smarter than you. Your policies led to the real estate collapse. B Clinton's goal was for everyone to own a house.
Just like you.
Please help #stopthetransition
mom
