Gotta say, I agree with you on this. Ouch, that hurts
Employees who leave can transfer money in their old retirement accounts to their new retirement account! We've done it!
U speak for 1 of many but not all follow rules Ms Deplorable.  U sound like the know it all Mr. Trump @realdonaldtrump
Thank you for the compliment!
first, one has to find a job with retirement plans.  26 years old and haven't seen one yet.
I want the ability to invest a 401k in a low fee index fund.  into a 1 company and handful of funds. Competition, my .
401k goes with you as well as any vested pension. Everyone know the rules going in so what is your liberal statist point?
Aparently LibertyDoc never worked for a large company sold off and the funds just floated away. Not legal tell me!
Apparently @tigerfan519 can't read; tweet refers to people leaving jobs. And if a company is sold, buyer assumes all obligations @SenWarren
Not  n bankruptcies, not n all take overs. Oh you believe all the GOP says & the Captn of misinfo @realDonaldTrump
No, that would be @SenWarren & statist Dems that claim to be masterminds but can't even run govt
cause our gov't see huge dollars and keeps taking from the people and you seat on the hill waiting for your Cadillac retirement
Great stuff and absolutely true.  Similar to the gift or store credit cards people lose or never use all the time.
then STOP GIVING OUR retirement ( social security) accounts to ILLEGAL ALIENS ..STOP GIVING THEM FOOD STAMPS AND WELFARE. IDIOTS
The 401k is a Way to Fuck the Workers! Let's The 1% get their hands on it! But it can be the only game in town
Is it what there saying that there going to privetes medicare
Can you help and/or lead us in an organized fight to save Social Saftety Safety Net? Post the benefits provided versus Ryans plan
This is what privatizing pensions, Social Security, are all about. Fees will still be extracted from each account. Big $$$.
Again! You have to be a idiot to leave behind 401k monies! You would not leave behind a savings account!! Useless program! Again!
Aren't they vested and thus guaranteed pension?
WHY ??  BECAUSE IDIOTS CAN'T KEEP TRACK OF THEIR RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS !!
Those funds should go into Social Security if not given to rightful owner
stop carrying the water for Democratic criminals.#HillaryClinton go after #Monsanto #WallStreet #CDC + review #VAXXED
that is on the negligence of the owners of their own retirement accounts.  Seriously, govt isn't t made to wipe everyone's ass
What happens to that money? Do we need better rules?
just want to thank you for being such a strong voice.

Yeah, what happened to my not yet vested retirement &$$
that is up to the worker.
Stop allowing USA contracts to go to companies leaving the USA
they get left behind because workers are too stupid to roll them over. It's not that hard. #personalresponsibility
Democrats are great at complaints but terrible at solutions. The answers are rarely in more government, but that's hard to admit.
i lost mine
amen. When companies like JCPenney sold holdings like Eckerd Drug to CVS, the employee funds went 2 RiteAid & disappeared
how do we claim pension deductions back? Worked over 15 years in union. Had a break midstream, union won't pay pension. No fair
I left my job with a retirement account, when I went to get that money, I was told I had to have their HR sign off on it.
Lost?  I doubt it.  Likely clawed back by the employer.
wow.... very erudite
not your business, leave it alone not your money
what can be done about the retirement account issue. It is a real concern
Like #NoDAPL?
unfortunately u can't fix stupid.
I highly doubt the number is as high as 30%. This is a focus for most employees upon leaving Liz. Come on, show FACTS.
If that's what the bill truly fixes, then amen. What else is slipped in?
1/32? Really?
Dumb Young &Old blame Obama! It's a do nothing Obstructive Republican Congress!We had a chance to Move Forward w/ HRC!Reps.Cheat!
do you mean the opportunity cost of working another year? Not a bad thing to higher younger people
Up to 30% of retirement plans RT @SenWarren Talk to Union! Imbalance of pay, pension plans are mostly loss. #NoSuchThingAsRetirement #Banks
OK, but right now YOUR HOUSE IS ON FIRE!
#NoDAPL #standingrock you going to say something or...

Where's the bravery now?
I tried to get what was owed me, the place went totally out of business.
you know who else gets neglected? Native Americans
I thought it went to the companies in which the employee was employed. Should transfer or move their pensions to new job, no?
As we move ahead maybe the real Congress can expose the real world
why doesn't U.S. Treasury trace & recover these funds and credit the ss# that was connected? Or would that be too honest?
One place to look for unclaimed money is: https://ucpi.sco.ca.gov/UCP/Default.aspx … every state has one.
@NewsProvidence Why then are you looking to hamstring middle America to be able to get sound advice from financial professionals?
No. They end up in the accounts of the already rich. What a great scheme.
and sometimes banks and the IRS just take it.
Aren't ppl smart enough to move their retirement accounts. Government has to take care of this also?
can you call @PressSec for a meeting with Democratic's and with @POTUS about Stading rock if you save it before Dec5 or not
Whoa...Senator kudos to you...I usually do not agree with ANYTHING you say...but I like this and what you did the CEO of Wells
Thats terrible. I'll look after those poor neglected millions of dollars and give them good home.
If you ask the employers,  they will tell you the fact that some workers don't collect is factored into the overall fee they need
it's up to the departing employee to make sure their retirement acct gets rolled over.  Personal responsibility.
This is cool but what about the Constitutional crisis brewing? U need to be holding Trump's feet to the fire now.
who doesn't know where there money is? Apparently Fauxcahontas voters.
Bernie needed you in North Dakota! #NDAPL
should get rid of fees to move your 401k when you leave an employer. I had to pay $150 to old co. just to move my own damn money.
ARREST ENTIRE FRAUD CONGRESS/SENATORS, PROVEN HIGH TREASON CRIMINAL TRAITORS TO USA .LOOTED AND BUSTED 99% & FOOLING 99%
rolling over to a new account is an individual responsibility. Whats your point or do you have a form of social media tourettes?
Please consider running for Pres next election.
great, what are you going to do about it. Seriously I love you but inaction on democrats right now is infuriating #NotMyPresident
are you going to repay the Cherokee Nation for the Harvard education & job you stole lying about native heritage? Yu stole tax $!
We help those with their retirement accounts
good idea
it'd also be nice if accounts were easier to merge without so many losses if your org switches account providers...
i had a contract job and found later i was opted in to a 401k plan, w/ out my agreement. They said i have to opt out when hired..
no they don't goofus. They can be rolled over into an IRA
please say somthing about the Dakota pipe line
We trusted you!We trusted you!We trusted you!We trusted you!We trusted you!We trusted you!We trusted you!We trusted you! Corrupt
I promise I won't neglect them if given a chance.
They are not lost. Someone else got them. Please..don't use the "lost" word. Someone else  got all that money.
Tell them what Mitch McConnell is doing. Yell it from the roof tops.
that is where your wisdom is need  Sen
There is no bread?
Let them teach one course for $300,000 a year.

@SenWarren
When will you speak out on the oppression of Native Americans fighting for clean water at #standingrock? #NoDAPL
don't be naive. They are fighting for money. Ten million wasn't enough. They would take 20
A Trump voter calling someone else "naive." LOL
exactly why we don't give our jobs to overseas countries like you have been, it's okay Donald will fix it, just get out the way !
No, I'm sure the 1% finds a way to put them in their own pockets.

Thank you for fighting. But Standing Rock needs you too #NoDAPL 
Hillary nods in agreement.
#NoDAPL Don't be silent!
#FEC- I demand to release fundraising documents: where did #JillStein got $4M in 48 hours. #Tatiana Cc: #Soros #Buffett.
where does the gop get their money?
