@martyalpert STOP TALKING ABOUT WALL ST AND START TALKING ABOUT HOW SCARED MY MOM IS THAT SS AND MEDICARE ARE ON THE ATTACK!!!!!
More like extortion & shake down for the Fed. Gov't.
When will you ever shut up. God help us all if you're in the primary in 2020
No Elizabeth. That's not the real reason. But using reason with you is a waste of breath.
K #HillShill 
Not by the popular vote they didn't.
says that @CFPB "must be stopped"!
When are you going to get it, Liz, that the bad guys aren't all on the other side of the aisle!? They're ubiquitous.
Regulation is a necessary evil.  TARP saved these banks who now want free reign again.  Sorry not on my dollar.
You should read the warning letters they send out. They're "not accusations of wrongdoing", yet they are shockingly offensive.
@menjicm @GOP @CFPB more importantly, how is our democracy going to stop trump?  His Russian involvement is treason.
You think anyone is going to listen to you after "trying" to prop up a CRIMINAL for office? You're a joke Warren!!
Why do you have so much hate ???? take a pill
are taking kick-backs now? The regulations lowers competition and now the bank can charge whatever the want. #YOUARE..
bull! They funded Hillarys campaign and they lost. hahahah. So did you!
No it isn't, the people don't want what @TheDemocrats or you offer.
@FAkrav5 @GOP @CFPB You couldn't get more Wall Street than Hillary.
How about a guy whose office is right around the corner from Wallstreet. That's what U gave us!
#kanye2020
#NWObyNeocons This is the master reset of the Neocon agenda that was stymied by Obama's election.......period
Yes, why go after @CFPB?! Could it be that it works & when it works @GOP & cronies LOSE $$?!
and we count!
What can be done 2 stop anti-Semites like Bannon from getting powerful positions in our government? This has to STOP!
keep talking....you'll end up being a case study in how dysfunctional govt doesn't work.  #PresidentTrump  #repealCFPB
Does that include @HillaryClinton?
How tied in was Hiliary with Goldman Sacks?  Asking for a friend.
You go senator and thx
@fdimic Hey Pocahontas why don't u take a flying leap off a big bridge some place. Thanks.
Right back atcha Terry
So glad u agree.
.@SenWarren Would a set of model state banking regulations resonate with a @GOP sense of Federalism? Could @CFPB design? @The_RGA @DemGovs
the quicker they fail the quicker we get house & senate back. Give them everything they want. Make them own it
and what is their budget?

u r a liar and a bad person. Leave congress and leave America. We have zero respect for u. We will never listen to u
Thank you. So grateful for your work. Keep fighting for us. You give me hope for our country. You are a bright light!
You Go Lady !!! 'Warren for #NationalFinanceCzar!
True. But they're determined to find the good in government and kill it, so they can then say government's no good.
Wall Street was good when they was giving Hillary Clinton millions of dollars
I've supported you in your fight against Wells Fargo, but you are dead wrong for singling out the GOP; it's bipartisan
Really Elizabeth?Or is it because its a job & business killer. It is literally choking the life out of community banks
Do you even know who Eliz. Warren is? or her record with the CFPB? Or how she got started?  Read a book.
I'm well read/informed I also come from a country that implemented Elizabeths disastrous Marxist vision
what about the Democrat allies of Wall St? @CFPB
@LOLGOP @GOP @CFPB or ... at least working marginally well. . And that is a threat to them. Strangle the babe in the crib and all
@GilpinPeri @GOP @CFPB I honestly believe that GOP think that "Business at any cost" should've  been #1 on the Ten Commandments
Please define consumer.
- Sen Warren...if I remember correctly, HRC received a substantial amount of money from Wall Street..far more than GOP
Help Me LIz..Ohio driving me nuts. I miss Cape Cod. Cape Breton too cold. Need political insanity asylum @SenWarren @DavidPepper @GOP @CFPB
Run, Liz, Run....Liz & Michelle will serve the Country well. (Cheezy yes but its a start from my heart)  @SenWarren @DavidPepper @GOP @CFPB
I don't trust you. YOU helped do this, that man. Yes YOU and your pal, Bernie.
Hey, watch your language!
Pochahontis A squaw in congress of the leftylunaticliberalisiots
I've noticed a distinct lack of economic collapse since 2008 ... Hmm.
Oh God, how do we stop this?
love what you're doing but let's not pretend this is solely the GOP. Both parties are involved #oopspolitics
No government agency should gather as much info about Americans as CFPB does. Nor should they control their own budget
my assessment of your radical, extreme left wing views are because it appears you are possessed or influenced by drugs
wouldn't be an issue had you run for president
oh GOP going to try to fix all the rules.
regulations, who needs em?
worker safety, who needs it!
#SMH
@PoliticusSarah this is an issue Americans need to know the facts about
govt waste will be taken care of!!
Give them hell Lizzy! Fight for our Supreme Court seat! The power of the people are behind you!
Same with Medicare.,  Works well, could provide template for single payor.  So must kill it.
you mean, they're cutting into their bottom line.  all kneel and praise the all-powerful bottom line.
keep fighting!!  The CFPB is awesome!!!  Helped me a few times!!
shhhhhhh
people aren't going to listen. He's an "outsider" who "can't be bought," - terrible and on the way down.
I said shut UP!
what rhetorical wit
