What crimes? You have been brainwashed. All those investigations... Nothing.
Hold your breath.
Too big. Wikileaks reveals Clinton Foundation EPIC den of corruption https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWl_6SOX4i4&feature=share … #Hillary4Prison
YouTube is not a reliable source, edited info. Foundation  has no validity. RW would have used it if it existed.
Source? YouTube is a HOSTING platform, idiot. The only "editorial" staff they have is focused on removing #PizzaGate vids.
Laws don't seem to apply to Trump. Taxes returns, a valid medical exam, collusion with Russia?
No one is holding him accountable
. Laws have never applied to Clinton. Never a peep about her crimes from the loonie left
Can you put the People's interests/safety ahead of your career, and stop the tyrants from completing their coup?
—@SIIPCampaigns has MANY reports on the #Apartheid system Bannon plans to implement

@dr4sue @SenWarren https://twitter.com/dr4sue/status/816059452465872896 … #Apartheid
Can you put the People's interests/safety ahead of your career, and stop the tyrants from completing their coup?
I don't understand ZERO ELECTED DEMOCRATS having joined #TheResistance

@SIIPCampaigns @dr4sue @SenWarren https://twitter.com/ejlandwehr/status/816062601448734720 … #Apartheid
—@SIIPCampaigns has MANY reports on the #Apartheid system Bannon plans to implement

@dr4sue @SenWarren https://twitter.com/dr4sue/status/816059452465872896 … #Apartheid
This could be a sign that their gut instinct is telling them there are purges on the way?
I'm sure you calling her that really bothers her.  If she were DJT, yeah, but this woman has actual strength.
She's an incredible woman.  Please respect her, too, and not refer to her as Pocahontas. You're better than that.
Same to you!
Thank you, for standing up!
Thank you, thank you, thank you
https://theintercept.com/2017/01/03/treasury-nominee-steve-mnuchins-bank-accused-of-widespread-misconduct-in-leaked-memo/ …
I'm thinking there's going to be a lot of voters draining the swamp come next election!
they don't gaf about the law Liz. they are crooked scum. This is war.  a coup.
so when do you start prosecuting officials that have already done it?
stop trying to get votes by bad mouthing the president. Talk about putting your own interests first
can you get rid of Trump. Come out of never never land. all hell is breaking loose. I where's all that tuff talk now?
and presidents?! Please do something. Y'all are disturbingly calm on the whole topic. Where is your FURY? #RESIST #TheResistance
HOW CAN YOU MAKE THEM FOLLOW THE LAW?
@Peacepox Thank God for E. Warren.
kinda like you lied abt bein "indian" to help YOUR bank account? #FakeIndian
re: Clinton Foundation
Again,congress needs to do the same.An amendment to rid financial gains because of public office is needed for checks+balances
was it good government when you lied to Harvard to get illegal position making hundreds of thousands? Hypocrite witch with a b
Yes please insist Trump divests and there is a bipartisan select committee to investigate Russian hacking of our election.
and yet you supported Hillary - HYPOCRISY!
I've lost all faith in the government. I'm still trying to figure out how someone gets almost 3 mil more votes and is not POTUS
It's very sad this happened
not sure that will happen.  This will be an administration of them making their own rules as they go along.
And America will suffer because of it
Please vet all cabinet noms and fight all battles that are appropriate.  Don't listen to ignore some to win others strategy.
Then why were the Clinton's allowed to get away with it for so long?
@girobillard  For Gods sake Sen. Warren, stop trump and GOP NOW or its OVER!!!
@TravisBarber10 And senators!...
Yes, I agree & think they're subject to the "Code of Ethics" like almost all US Govt employees & as you said, it's the law!!
How right you are!!!!
Two words: #ClintonFoundation. Oh, and here's another. #Hypocrite.
It was investigated, nothing. RW propaganda. Worry about Trump and his mouth.
you're confused but that's ok
since when does the law apply to people of wealth and power? If it did we wouldn't have "Donald Tiny Hands" as our president.
cant stop making childish comments about hands. You have a tiny brain
The amount of offensive, racist, ignorance that pours out of that mans mouth daily, and your offended by tiny hands?
I'm offended by hateful liberals who lie and project their own bigotry on Trump.
Practice what you preach Sen. Warren. Hypocrisy is an ugly color to sport but you wear it too well.
How come Trump is not legally required to show his tax/financial records? I do not understand how it was even legal to elect him.
that's why Corrupt Clinton LOST
are you talking about the Clinton Foundation?
TE propaganda, prove it.
to bad you didn't tell this to the Clintons.
Clintons were investigated for years, nada.
your brainwashed
correction:  You are brainwashed.
clever
Does that mean the billionaires in cabinet must also divest their business interests or be found in conflict of interest?
Has our gov't devolved to the point that majority rule means those in charge can do anything they want including break the law?
Poor Trump has to stop his "charitable" organizations??
YES! YES! YES!
I support you - but good luck doing anything when the number one offender lives in the White House - DT is rotten to the core
should be! !  Let's see how long that will be!
why isn't PEOTUS trump held to this same standard?
@Grumpy_Ol_Me
@EdSkipper Now how do we force Trump to obey the law since he only follows the law of twitter
good law! We need one about shamelessly endorsing candidates sho openly oppose all one professes to believe in.
LOL just LOL. Your interests protect #Elites not the people. You need to understand the people are waking up. #AboveTheLawWarren
@MAHAMOSA too bad you screwed up so royally and didn't back @SenSanders when he needed you. Boy that didn't work out eh?

who's going to make them. I'm waiting.
Most concerning:  Billionaire Sec of Labor who does NOT BELIEVE there SHOULD BE a MINIMUM WAGE! Trump won with White Labor VOTE!!
To bad you werent singing this song 8 yrs ago, plus you lie non native american
Hold them to it Senator. We're counting on you!
well don't count on it with the #GOP swamp dogs
Thank you for your wisdom and strength.
Yeah, it's the law, but I'll bet it doesn't happen.
Then it's not looking good for 2017...
Same for members of Congress?
Thank you so much for speaking out. Do you plan to run for president next time around? I would vote for you.
You know when you say stuff like this, it only makes me think of crooked Hillary and your support.  Moral high ground is lost.
Keep on them, Senator! Why do they think they are above the law? Oh, right... white, wealthy, straight, male privilege. Check.
Please use your voice to Stop the in-fighting and unite people to take on the lunatic that is set to take office in January!
Okay. You can start by doing same & leaving your "job."
Counting on you to enforce emoluments clause and to vet all nominees thoroughly.
shut up and go away. You're not even relevant....
then make sure they do!!! form a coalition against huckster trump!!!!
Watch them try!
can't the supreme court block his Presidency?  I am so afraid I can't sleep at night.
there is nothing normal about Trump we are in serious trouble of losing our Democracy and our freedom
.
what about peotus?
Is that what Clinton would do?? Tell us WTF would you know..
@DimitriousGart2 You mean, it was the law.
point . . .
We r no longer on the gold standard, & can PRINT as much money as we want, Millionaire cabinet will steal our children's futures!
but if they don't release their tax returns or hide money offshore how do you know?
Haha. Just like Hillary did.
our elected officials better make sure that stays true !!
@realDonaldTrump will be a great president and his cabinet will be successful.
@nahmed666 Public Service is a Public Trust!
@DemocratCA - but they dont....
This would have been timelier when Hillary was Sec of State.
Wow senator who knows law. That is quite different. Where were u when HRC was running  off with the cash  Or buying off Bernie

how can officials put the "needs of the nation" before their need to get reelected?
Can we clone you?  Please?!
It will be so refreshing for @realDonaldTrump to put the interests of American citizens first.
agree with you on this. It's time for them to do their jobs.
or, or, or Obama following the law, right? naah
I love this one
will be getting investigated soon too
Trump makes his own laws! 01/20, he will b playing with nukes like kids play with LEGOS! Time 2 use credit cards & buy a Rolls!
like the lobbyist right
can you make @realDonaldTrump at least act like he's interested in the law?
but how as a minority are you going to uphold them to ethics and the principles of their jobs? You can't.
what are you going to DO though?Dems seem to want to work with new adminstrtn...stop talking. Make a plan
Liz Lizzy zyyy, stop and think of how hypocritical this is - stop embarrassing yourself
I imagine that these individuals have enough to live comfortably (survive). When does enough cross the line to become greed?
it's become very dangerous with @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @jasoninthehouse @GOP putting our country in danger! Depend on you
until they change it
While Congress exempts itself from insider trading laws.Please,old squaw,we're not that fucking stupid,OK?
@HugoKijne our children and grandchildren need reassurance their planet will to a safe place to live! Both environmental and safe
none of trumps picks seem to be at all concerned with country.
@HugoKijne it's unbelievable how they are also being carelessly with our National Security like @realDonaldTrump! I'm terrified
coming from fauxohantas who supported a women getting filthy rich from a fake charit. At least trumps cabinet built things.
Fake charity. It must be very dark where your head is shoved. http://bit.ly/2hAEijM 
@HugoKijne always thought @realDonaldTrump needs a psycho evaluation! I want to add @SpeakerRyan @jasoninthehouse @GOP to that!
I'll bet you're a raspberry dreamsicle.
Just stop whinning. You Lost. Get over it.. Stop whinning....
For the most part, they are only interested in their own positions, period!
you go Elizabeth. Behind you 100%
Okay Pocahontas.  Duly noted!
@rmasher2 Good luck. Hope you're up for the fight.
You have no credibility to tell anyone about right and wrong. Everything you've ever earned has been via lies and entitlement.
@damonbethea1 Hopefully the Dems will hold them to task when they blatantly violate these laws
just like you all held Clinton and Obummer responsible for their crimes
national interest above your own? Like @HillaryClinton and pay for play, clinton foundation corruption?
RW propaganda. It was investigated...nada. Trump will give new meaning to pay to play.
and you believe that? ..you libs embody what a lack of situational awareness is on a daily basis
Gingrich wants laws bent.
now because the way dems have acted if you are a dem you have to hang your head in shame and don't tell anyone you are a dem
Trump & Co. Will give new meaning to the term, pay to play.
@GetBZLiving good luck with that one. GOP wants to excuse everything trump does including conflicts that cud destroy our country.
Congress must designate Amendment XXV Sec. 4 body "former US presidents." ASAP
Go after Trump, he can't pardon himself but can and will, according to Newt, pardon the others
Help us, Sen. Warren! We're going down a very slippery slope!
@rm1268 Then why is no one in government enforcing laws this is the disconnect us to You You get away with it we go too jail 
These are the things that frustrate the people, they take advantage of the citizens who elected them...
What about HRC? She and Bill accumulated millions while she was SS.
Because it was earned. All  past POTUS earn $ from speeches and books. Reagan got 500 thou for one speech. It is legal.
@pabsieman71 Sen. Elizabeth, what can we do 2 stop this insanity? My God!!!
Looking forward to impeachment of the thin-skinned orange one. Hey, I think that makes him a tangerine!
you should practice what preach.

Warren, please go back to sleep. You and your left wing bigots are irrelevant don't have any constructive.
...and hopefully NO ONE will consider any Cabinet picks to be above or exempt from that law.
Watch them Sen. Warren. Those guys are trying to take down our country while they corner the markets with billions.
it's bad enough lihary had to many skeletons in her closet ignore d press, foundation,  now look we have a pyscho
why didn't u run u couldn't got Trump run for money n b.s.
will not happen under trump and his boys. real ? is how many will stand up and say this is wrong and people will be going to jail
pot...kettle...u mean like u putting ur Harvard salary b4 "free" education for all????
like SOS Clinton did?
BS
Seek phycological help immediately.
unless they're #Democrat. #clintonfoundation @ClintonFdn @HillaryClinton
Not that actual facts mean anything to you idiots, but http://bit.ly/2hAEijM 
He doesn't care I hope you run for president 2020
Trumps cabinet picks are in it to Make Money for themselves. Tragic Stop Trump
which is why they will change the law
hey pocahontas shut up
Yes, and members of Congress should put country ahead of party but Republicans dont do that either.
Laws are only as good as their enforcement. I hope you're prepared to go all out against them. They won't turn honest.
@realDonaldTrump 
THIS.....
@cmadmax #TheResistance
Thank you, Capt. Obvious..
@martyalpert Tom Price
let's hope law is enforced
Way to go Chief Short Sale.
to bad members of Congress don't
Hey Toots! Remember this you hypocrite #NotMySenator
That's a lie. Not true...(http://ln.is/message.snopes.com/idLTx …) ... Happy Holidays 
Fight the good fight!
Oh Yes, but does the POTUS know about this?  Pay to Play the motto of new aministration, I believe.
Thank you for your work!!
someone forgot to read trump job discription along with the restrictions. He wasn't elected king
Well, that will be something new considering the current administration, won't it.
please follow up on @realDonaldTrump manipulating stocks via his tweets (Boeing, Lockhead, etc...)
Congress must have the courage to prosecute the law breakers all the way to the Supreme Court.
How far we've fallen that it needs to be stated. Perhaps you could remind Sen. Corker who doesn't care to see Tillerson's taxes.
shouldn't congress do the same w the insider trading that is allowed ?
We are counting on you to hold them accountable!
you know more congress people than I do. Get cracking and hold them accountable.
Then why does Obama use illegal executive orders to get what he wants. He is breaking the law. But in a few days he is irrelevant
Hopefully your days in government will be over soon also. Curt Schilling will beat you badly when you run for re-election. 
Apparently that doesn't apply to Trump.
@realDonaldTrump tell that 2 harry reid, & hlf the Dem Party!! @KellyannePolls
I want investigate congressmen who come in poor and leave as millionaires..why insider type trading doesn't apply to them
finally under Trump this will happen. His cabinet picks have already achieved the highest level of personal success.
Luv your optimism. But seriously who's going 2 hold appointees accountable? I'm SORELY disappointed w/lack of leaderhip from Dems
Dems have a hell of a hill 2 climb, only can hope that they won't sell us out !!
Trump-Pence are fall guys. Mnuchin,Cohn,Kushner,Soros will clean-up Treasury,Fed-Res,Mint while Media will blame only Trump-Pence
we need more than words. What are you going to do about it?
why do you think Trump appointed them? Law??!! Like the ones nobama bent n broke. Look in the mirror dems
Surely Democrats are NOT going to believe Trump's cabinet picks will do that? They've been picked for the opposite reason.
all of the sudden you want to talk about obeying the law. Remember Elizabeth you were supporting Hillary Clinton.
but will these laws ever be enforced by a GOP that has an insatiable appetite for power ???
and you backed hillary
but why do several members of congress seem to vote blindly for party over country? no red flags at all for these folks?
When did you figure that out?
did Hillary give you this answer
.@SenWarren WARREN WON'T DISCUSS HER FORECLOSING ON HOUSE FOR HER FAMILY PROFIT.. WARREN HYPOCRISY..SHE DOESN'T KNOW HER IRRELEVANCE
Government is the club for the rich and crooked nothing new there
IT SEEMS THAT WE MAY HAVE THE MAFIOSO IN CHARGE.  AND WHERE IS IT SAID THAT WE NEED 2 PRESIDENTS AT ONE TIME?
They won't. Abusers surround themselves w/people afraid to confront behavior. Insist on psych-eval. #mentalillness
Naive of US not to extend this to POTUS as well- laws need to address this.
they won't... Newt already talking PRE-pardon... they will find a way around it unless DEMS stand up to them... STAND UP
you lost... Move on with your lives
I guess you'll be at the inauguration hoping he'll grab your pussy... enjoy
another loving and tolerant liberal. Go talk to liberal women like that. You're a misogynist pig. Your mom should be proud
Actually, YOUR PRESIDENT said that... never forget that
How is that enforced? Going back at least as far as Kissinger we have a history of looking the other way.
i'm having trouble taking you seriously, Pocahontas!
So, how do we get in on the pool as to which of the new Regime breaks the law first?
What about Obummer and Clinton crimes? You lost get over it
If you don't like the opinions expressed here, there are plenty of other places for you to go...HELL comes to mind!
oh... Tolerant loving liberals. It's payback time. Nothing goes unchallenged now
And we are sure the Dark Side welcomed you with open arms. Now pick up your toys and go home like a good little racist
sob, sob. Go get your diaper changed cry baby liberal
At least Santa will bring you some coal for Christmas. The coal miners that voted for Trump just lost their health insurance!
