Sec 2263 removes need for informed consent.NO definition of "minimal risk" nor who determines.Also many kickbacks to politicians.
thank you!
Now Trump is telling union workers to keep their mouths shut! Sounds like a fascist elect threat.
oh Elizabeth. Do you even understand how corrupt unions are in this country?  You haven't lived long enough to get it
Thank you so much for your work. Many in my groups are scared of this bill and you have helped a lot.
@GurrdyGirl Keep up the good work!
Please speak out, voting irregularities allowed Republicans to literally steal this election! #AuditTheVote #Recount2016
oh Elizabeth. Stop believing those lies and think for yourself. Middle America voted for jobs & economic growth.
The very classes you taught as a republican will teach your role in taking down the American economy. #TPP
& all those selling packaged "0 nutritional junk food"...
That is so good. I wish we could to back to preventing advertising. Totally inappropriate.
#WheresHillary
-which is it, $350k or $430k for the class?  Her salary is in the $400k range...very deceptive tweet
Deceptive?! You confirmed it's true in your reply - btw $350 -$450 to teach one class! #IncovenientButTrue
you're purposely being misleading. Teaching one course for a full school year and getting paid $400k/ur at Harvard?
hi
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING YOU DO
HiMissWarren thanksfor your support.kudos
Thank you for working so hard and taking action. Please keep protecting us from those who would harm us for profit.
NOTHING LIKE BEING A BRAGGADOCIOUS LEFT LIBERAL WHO PRETENDS TO CARE ABOUT ALL CITIZENS BUT U FORGOT THE WORKING MIDDLE CLASS
you might want to try getting a provision to ban Kickbacks to Trump.
this is a little off topic but I'm very much looking forward to 2020! Keep up the fight!
Thank you Senator Warren! Let's get openness & honesty back in business & politics!
That would also be a first!
they tried to kill Sunshine Act?
You are one of my heroes.
thx for fighting for the 99%! Keep it up.
haaaaaaa
Please keep fighting for America. We need more voices!!
Should be a criminal act to even try that.
shouldn't it be illegal to put such provisions
You are our champion. We need so many more like you before our America is sunk.
corruption in israel!! no way. when i say no, absolutely nothing to do with gitmo. A skin of YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
,When history is written about who made our lives better you will be atop it.
know 2 that many of those grant $$ used 2 keep scientists wealthy...funded...yr after yr w/few results that impact tax payers
how much kick backs have you received lmao o how dems are crying now that you all have lost so many seats over 2012 2014 2016 lol
NYCtax payer shouldn't get stuck with $35M SecurityBill 4DJT.He admittingly doesn't pay taxes. Gov needs2pay this bill
Do Tell Us! Wow!
Thank you!!
keep up the good fight please!
Thank you for fighting for us
WOW!!! More than the usual fruit platter & chocolates along with the samples? Dr's are going to  that, office staff not so much
what, you mean there are kickbacks?!?! By saying no they admit they've been there all along. Corruption, greed; tak 2 call n morn
We love you! Thank you for fighting for us!!
Money makes the world go around, the world go around, the world go around....
Wonder when an Indian politician will think along same lines. Also, how to do away with the doctor-path lab nexus
I smell lots of dead rats!
save our medical care, medigap & medicaid many of us survive because we have it & social security! Please. We beg you to help us.
Pretty work! Thanks for looking after us.
Why would that provision be in the bill to begin with? Who put it there and how did he/she explain it?
While you're at it how about limiting what trial lawyers can sue the medical industry, costing all of us more $$$$.
thank you for your work on this.
Would love to hear these stories in blog posts rather than 140 character tweets. Maybe connect policy with the people @CoryBooker
Republicans will try anything, as well you know. It takes a professor. You are invaluable to us. And by us I mean the plurality.

is comin in HOT right now with the tweets...
Applaud!
¢◎ηℊґѧ∂ʊℓѧ†ʝ◎η﹩ 
      You just won a Bully Star
                      
  4 being mean & nasty. Sad
Prescription drug companies shouldn't be allowed to advertise on TV and print either. Let doctor decide what you need!
Just write the USA off for the next 4 yrs.
So, basically you're telling us, no matter what happens, it's the same bullshit over and over again.
who's we? Gotta mouse in your pocket
oh like big pharmacy companies would use bribes to sell there products. Oh sorry they do!
.. 
nothing like the @GOP ..
Greedy Oligarchy Party ..
in case you missed it, Trump attacked the Carrier union boss BY NAME on twitter.
