You mean he blamed it on the people that committed the acts.  Plus, it wasn't massive in any way except in your fevered dreams
OMG! YOU NEED TO EDUCATE YOURSELF ON THE DETAILS!
you mean how the $2,6mm in wrongfully collected fees is less than .002% of one quarter's revenue...details like that?
You obviously are NOT EDUCATED on how the stock market works, stock values or bonuses based on fake reports! #Ignorance
I guess my 30 career as a CPA, Bank CFO and Asset manager CAO doesn't count as EDUCATED?  Go ahead and google...
Then you should know how it works!
I know exactly, that's why I know that this issue had no impact on WFC's value despite what Liz says
You obviously didn't work for a publicly traded bank!
words are wind ... Imagine if you had supported Bernie ... These guys would have been held accountable @SenSanders
She is holding them to acc. Did you even watch it?
has anyone stepped down ? Has the money been paid back? Any bonuses or retirements forfeited?
Fingers crossed, it is just the start.
how come u didn't support Bernie during the primaries if this means so much to you?
Because she is backing someone who has a better chance to beat Trump. Simple strategic calculation.
Bernie would be up at least 20 points if he was the nominee
A socialist? in the US? You are being delusional.
Yep they all got together and decided to deceit patrons! NOT! The @TheJusticeDept HAS to put him in PRISON NOW!
that's over 2% of WF total global workforce FIRED over this one issue. Sounds like a culture of poor judgement.
they did use to try and pressure you to open accounts, use to hate going to the teller. 
@LeslieMarshall @WellsFargo of course the "boss" will blame his undeylings! After all, he doesn't care about the jobs of others!
Hillary would of done the same.
Sounds a lot like Hillary, doesn't he?
reason wall street  big banks  billionaires support H  she will protect them from  criminal prosecution
he should be executed
@ikerepublican @WellsFargo Is this the bank DTS sister works in?
No, that's Chase Manhattan. @SenWarren @WellsFargo
Thanks. The new sounded like DTs Cons
Glad to see HRC and Tim Kaine fighting in your corner...oh wait
The Scariest question...Don't you think ALL the big banks are doing the same thing?
B of A opened one I didn't want.
, re my case, Id like you to contact me, @FHFA OIG, @Koster4Missouri where my CP case filed '13 sits in limbo!
I would be interested in your take on Secretary Lew's performance in the house last week.
if U R against big banks like @WellsFargo that destroy the american ppl. How can U back @HillaryClinton when she supports them?
Sell sell sell Wells Fargo stock! That's one way to get Stump back. 
This is a call to Sell ALL Wells Fargo Stock!
you tweeted this two days ago if you're just gonna copy and paste tweets i'll unfollow
It is worth the repeat.
warren's message: go ahead and steal from people. We will just blame your rich boss
all 9 executives should be put in jail (not federal country clubs),should give money back plus lose their stocks
@USDOL Never discussed Clintons gift to Criminal Corps #CorporationsArePeople #TooBigToJail http://bit.ly/22JISfs 
he needs to go to prison
sounds like the the same tactics as the IRS
CEO Stump most go to Prison as an example to all the banks, before they cause another recession. This has to STOP!
. I am so pleased to see @CalTreasurer sanction @WellsFargo to protect the public, and pensions.
of course he did.
Who do you blame for lying about being native American?  Yourself?
Once we had BCCI. Now we have BCCW: Bank of America, Chase. Citibank, Wells Fargo. They will always choose Cash over Customers.
Why does no one detail Manafort and every dictator. Manafort firm called " Torturer's Lobby". All should google him.
Apparently even $12 an hour is too costly for Wells Fargo, wage theft.
pass the buck
@jimmacpam a true trump supporter
And millions of fake accounts?? Absurd! Stunned he is still employed.
He needs to go to Prison for Grand Larceny+, So all the other banks will stop this kind of
 American Greedy behavior.
This guy is a creep! He should step down. With No money on the way out!!!
is Stumpf looking for a cabinet position with TRUMP.
loved the verbal take down but what's important is dispensing such people of their ill gained profits! #jailtime
@sascat @WellsFargo  Yes. 5300 low level employees all by themselves simultaneously committed fraud in the same way. Good one.
Amazing mind control! It a Trump talent also.
Like any good Republitard banker, he doesn't give a crap about workers.It's all abt how much he could get away with.
the same goes for trump, his whole run for the presidency is just to enrich himself. He doesn't care about us
Its so evident, he may as well come out and state it.   FU it's all about me.
yeah what a great guy!! #Deplorable
The Captain is always responsible for what happens on his ship.
Hold that greedy CEO accountable just like everyone else! He should not  get special rules just for him.
Very well said!
.@SenWarren @WellsFargo WHY is this man's tax bracket lumped in w/family EARNING $1/2M? @HillaryClinton @SullyCNBC /
.@jonothar & DEPLORABLE @realDonaldTrump WANT to give HIM a tax CUT! http://bit.ly/2b1EDNF  KRAZY!
of course he did, he is laughing all the way to the bank. Jail time no fines!!
and the buck stops where???
Ok now what more hot air n no actions
tired of being fleeced by banks! SOMEONE NEEDS TO GO TO JAIL!
IDiot!
Despicable! #makehimpay
Amazing how the top execs wash their hands and place the blame on the worker bees.
WF did wrong but Warren's grandstanding was disgusting
all afraid of being fired if they did not perform to his expectation, his advisors & he should step down
Isn't it amazing that 5300 folks could organize themselves that way?
because the shit at the top always runs downhill
shameful and criminal
I'm shocked, just kidding.  He should resign.
Deplorable!
and u didn't call them out for sarbox reporting requirements liz
It was the culture from top down! Go get him! Keep doing what you are doing.
Stumpf should pay fines himsrlf, then go to jail!
Kept up the good work.
People@should withdraw everything from Wells Fargo. Bring them to their knees.
If I was. CEO I would go with the odds  and commit fraud. I bet nothing happens to them
Scum like this needs to be put away for a very very long time. They smirk in the face of the American people.
Until charges are brought against John Stumpf and Carrie Tolstedt this is all empty talk.
you don't think he's going to hold himself responsible
Put this amoral sociopath in prison & not BS prison either real prison. That & only that will bring change.
5300 employees don't come up with a plan like that on their own. CEO may not have directed it but his minions did
Workers have been subjected to out of control CEOs for decades.CEOs get multi-million dollar severance,we get fired
- riiiiiiiiiiiiight. It is always the 5,300 little guy's fault not the culture instilled by management.
disgusting, and is he being investigated?
Gutless leadership! Go Elizabeth, go!!!
Funny how they all knew the playbook without any coaching
well said!

Sounds like they will be hiring soon. #thinkpositive
investigate from the bottom up under oaths and you will get your answers!
Shut them down!
My senior management boss at a failed mortgage company said the bad stuff was done by the "occasional rogue."
The ppl DON'T believe those lies!Don't let Stumpf get away with it! !!!!!!!!
5,300 don't go rogue like that.  This came from the top down.
Sen Warren, the same people who had to follow orders just to keep their low wage jobs? What a disgraceful blame shift
when the company does well thanks to low level employees, CEOs get the bonuses. Otherwise, low level employees pay the price.
the #1 way to tell a mgr. is in over his head is that he blames staff when things go bad.
he should be arrested. At least put the cuffs on him.
When employees work their butts off&business picks up the CEO says he did when not blames employees
That's the 1% way.
not on his side, but did he tell his staff to cheat or did they decide on their own? Be fair.
Such an informed, intelligent and logical presentation of this case.  We NEED your leadership!
.  BULLSHIT
this happens at every Corp. Why not investigate all corps in oligarchy? Oh wait, u backed horse. 2 little 2 late
but he took "Full Responsibility". Isn't that enough?
Sounds like something people say when they are panicking. Good. Now you know what your defrauded customers felt like.
Will the executives of big banks ever have to pay for their greedy and illegal activities?
resignation or jail time must be the only alternatives!!
howl arrest. murder 15 20. espionage 30. he really shouldn't have time, made money so invester could have time!!!!
I think you ripped him a new one.  Thank you Senator for being a voice of common sense and decency
I'm sure mgmt created a culture where it was accepted if not expected.
You didn’t stand up for progressives when it really mattered. You’re an opportunist politician with no courage.

That's a bunch of crap. It ALWAYS starts at the top! And How sad CEO deflecting blame from himself. Horrible!!! 
So @HillaryClinton should be your understudy; the debates will go to the one who verbally tears the other apart while factual. :)
But as w/ everything that happens in corp America it comes down to tone at the top & culture of compliance or lack of
Stumpf oversaw culture of corruption and fraud. One word... #prison
What a guy....
oh and another thing pay attention to banks 'de-risking' certain high risk client types BC they can't manage the risk
go away Senator. Wish you had as much enthusiasm to go after HRC's bad biz. @TonyLavenga #warrenagenda fraud
I'm not surprised in any way. And yet CEO and other C Suites are allowed to take home 900x the lowest paid employee
Spent ENTIRE day watching tape of senator warren grilling the Stumph !
Let me tell u how it works. Branch level sales reps/tellers are grossly underpaid & have huge sales goals or fired
The Greeks have a saying: "The fish stinks from the head!" #justsayin
Despicable! Their culture of greed keeps growing.

So shameful Se,. Warren, great job on pressuring him.
{{ and those who were 'fired from a bank' - Forever Tainted }}
I believe the expression, "The fish stinks from the head down" is appropriate.

love your questioning but he needs to be accountable!!
Who can be held accountable for not prosecuting this CEO and board? Are there no laws?
blamed them and then took +$200million home. It's just too brazen to comprehend how they fleece at will & NO JAIL
rehire those powerless employees &restore their lost income, as well as customers..who will b prosecuted of top ring?
Too big to manage but not too big for big bonuses for mismanagement.
WITHOUT SAYING ... DID WHAT THEY WERE TOLD! ANOTHER SAD REPORT FOR AMERICA!!
that would be an example of excellent leadership & management by top WF executives #sarcasm what are you paid to do?
When CEOs, Bd members, VPs start serving mandatory 5 year sentences & complete restitution for fraud/scams, it stops.
so arrest him and prosecute him? Why aren't we doing that!?
Now would be the time to join a Credit Union and withdraw your money from big banking.
Sure put it on back of the workers who got you that huge bonus. If no senior staff knew WF more inept than I thought
You apparently are an expert on "fraud".....
Stumpf and Drumpf.  Cosmic!  Donald drumpf a lot like Stumpf!
Can we say deflect & Bull! Noway could these Low-level Employees hide this from Upper Levels!
So even The Shame trickles down...
ummmmm, Ooooooook.
meeting adjourned
one of many robber barons Obama gives all of them a pass
We all know it's the Quant modelers at banks, CEOs don't even understand it all, OCC hires modelers to regulate bank quants!
- Cry cry cry - but you'll never jail him. The law is for little people.
of course he did..he's a coward. Another Bernie Madoff
.@SenWarren Or POTUS going after whistleblowers instead of the perbetrayers of the illegal mass survaliences of Americans.
Since @WellsFargo’s coward CEO Stumpf laid follow up at the BOD’s feet maybe time to subpoena them to testify under oath
The banksters are LIARS!!  Frauds.  GOOD on you Sen.!; SAYING what needs to be said.  WE, the People, are tired.
.@SenWarren  Like our Government blamed low-rank personnel for torture at amongst other places Abu grab. See how that works.
I was one of the consumers affected by this! It's sickening this has not turned into a criminal prosecution!
sounds legit lol
Great points you made, what exactly did low-levels gain compared to what HE gained??
And nothing is gonna happen to him besides getting yelled at. Good work Liz...
all employees should be rehired and compensation come out of his fat bonus and then he should resign!
We could have ended this banking feudalism once and for all if we'd have let them fail. The "free market," right?
Stumpf rhymes with Drumpf...wait isn't that Trump's real family name?
And thank you, Senator, for tearing into him for it. Brava, Ma'am.
Sorry but that's awful He is very unethical and should  and take the blame for this .And stop blaming everyone else
cause you know all customers should have 8 accounts, cause 8 rhymes with great #DrSeuss #LockHimUp #RhymeCrime #Fraud
this person needs to learn the first rule of leadership.
They have my mortgage.  Lets make him pay 2 years of it to say sorry.
Mr. Stumpf is full of male bovine fecal matter!
Wells Fargo policy & business plan is established by higher ups not the sales people.
thank you. I was one of those low-level retail bankers and the way Stumpf talks about his employees is demoralizing  @WellsFargo
: Surprised? The first rule of being in power: Always blame the helpless and defenseless when you make a mistake.
prosecute all CEO's who's company@has committed fraud on the people. Stricter laws on compensation
wow! You have spammers. Other note, do not let them get away with this!!!! Such lies should not be tolerated!
Who were only doing what senior mgmt insisted they do. Heavy-handed cross-selling is what drove me away 20 yrs ago.
ASS!
blaming is the character of a low-quality individual....
Claw back his bonus and give it to those who lost their jobs unfairly as severance
your awesome Sen.
The @WellsFargo CEO is lying. HE is solely responsible for the culture that caused this to happen.
