If truly bold and progressive she would have supported @SenSanders . Dem party is corrupt beyond repair!
And just as bigoted with their anti-White and anti-Male slurs.
yeah, they should continue to run it to the benefit of crooks like Clinton that have made MILLIONS in public office...
- You are one gutsy woman, Senator Beth. Keep on keeping on! 
#Warren2020
Laughable wasn't it intense sad....This @SenWarren endorsed the Wallstreet -servant @hillaryclinton to become the next president.....
Well you're still a massive hypocrite for bashing others from doing what you did and for supporting crooked Hilary Clinton.
Neal, your likes are full of anime porn.  But please continue to berate a Senator.
What does that have to being a hypocrite who bashes people for using wall street when she does it?
you touch yourself to cartoons Neal.
seek help.

Where have you been? Where has Obama been? Now you want your leftist supporters to stop running the country?
Judas, I read your book I believed in you I was so wrong
Well said, and with the needed gumption! @SenWarren
Thank you. You are a godsend to the American people. No words to express the extent of our appreciation. You are amazing.
you've done really nothing except talk
.@SenWarren @YouTube I am sure you reminded them that Hillary was supported by them, one reason American rejected Hillary/Bernie/Warren
@moneyman10k How much did you get payed for the speech? Be honest.
thank you
YOU ROCK WARREN !  Do not let "GO$l abolish CFPB 
Trump not only didn't win the popular vote, he didn't win the electoral college either.
TRUMP IS PRESIDENT AND YOUR DAYS ARE OVER. AMERICA HAS SPOKEN.
they didn't listen to u, you're an angry woman
WOW!! You're just a trailblazer aren't you??? Get the pun... trailblazer  please stop! It's too late! We see you!
like the Clintons did?
Ladies and gentlemen a true first women president. Elizabeth is one I would fight with, and fight for, my one vote would be hers.
I hope that you were talking to Wall Street, because being a bigot is much worse than being bad for business.
I bet they laughed at you and said to themselves look at the piece of shit telling us what to do. She lies as bad as hil
You are already proving you do not have bystander character. You've got at least one here who will have your back.
w/respect- PLZ retire "What kind of a man..." riff. It's past its 'Sell by' date and now just grating.
@pameladubsky49 Less talk, more ACTIONStop Trump.Dems will have support of world&Huge majority.Heroes vs zeroes
Yes, MORE ACTION IS RIGHT!
Hey Pocahontas you are the reason why Trump won and democrats lost seats everywhere. PPL have enough of hypocrisy u exemplify.
#Warren2020
Then YOU should have endorsed Bernie.
You are owned by @georgesoros and other mega-donors. #DrainTheSwamp and YOU need to be flushed away!
Pls run for president in 2020
What the hell!?!
Stay on his ass Liz we're behind you! In fact you're our only hope!
@paulith @YouTube we need people like YOU and Bernie in office. We the people have been asking. Answer the call.
@paulith @YouTube Now that we have The worst case scenario at POTUS will u finally run?
Podesta is one of the biggest lobbyist in Washington. Didn't seem to bother you then. Intresting.
Wow Mrs . Warren you backed Hillary who took huge money in from big corp.
I bet that brought a good laugh :P
I'm sure it was even a smaller gathering than at Hillary's high school gym rallies. Lol. Pathetic!!
@WSJ
Help us spread the word please!  We need to dress up our Unity Pins!  @UnitySafetyPins - http://www.unitysafetypins.com   THANKS!
our elected representatives run the government. If you can't stop cronyism then you're out #TermLimits
Special interest, donors posible hmmm
Hopefully they laughed at you and told you to stop pandering... #lame
THANK YOU ELIZABETH!!
This is quite the fake show the left is desperately trying to put on now that Crooked bank-owned Hillary lost. Pure comedy.
Question please.. Why isn't that former Wells Fargo guy in Prison??
a Socialist calling Bannon a Naval Officer, Harvard Graduate,once appointed Orthodox Jewish as his chief Editor
Isn't that what Hillary wanted & you supported her.
And it must stop. I know Trump voters are having dangerous daydreams They don't realize what they've done WSJCEOs infectiousGov
Trump is now WSJCEO
did they start laughing
Was that the marching order George Soros gave you?
#holdtheline
your so out of touch with the ppl that pay your salary. Didn't say shit about hillary's crooked funding
Majority of the Left don't care about Hilary's crimes.
#HOLDTHELINE
Thank You!
Maybe you'll support the candidate who wasn't funded by them next time
- They don't give a hoot what anyone wants.
given your long and storied career running businesses, I'm sure they were taking copious notes.
Warren 2020!!
Message is that he pulled off the Con
Wall St was bad Now going be worse with him at the helm
just with racism included
so make the government much smaller so they're not as tempted. Duh. Do I need to explain everything to you?
@CapehartJ I feel ya.but until those protesters turn their protest into votes in 2 yrs the 1% will continue as they are
You know senator, if you care about working people you're in the wrong party

Thank you
I lost respect for you when you failed to support Bernie in the primary. He was the winner
Keep refining that message delivery, #warren2020 !
by the way what were doing in the room of full of CEOs? Fundraising for your reelection?
Wow, she is looking out for all Americans and you are all over her page bashing her to support a sexist bigot?!
Let's move forward, WARREN 2020!
I see you had no trouble telling us what you said to Wall Street.
Keep speaking the truth, Sen Warren.  It’s just a matter of time before Trump starts calling you names. Watch. @SenWarren
k but what are we gonna do about it w/all 3 branches of gov republican

(ps please run for president in 2020 or at least vice) :)
yeah pipe dream 2020
Maybe you could take a break from your speaking engagements to save this country from the white supremacists...

YOU should lead the #DNCChair


warren 2020
Democrats only have 4 governorships left.

GO WARREN 2020
https://larouchepac.com/20161110/trump-victory-only-reprieve-war-danger-unless-much-more-fundamental-change-can-be-enacted …
2020

