.@SenWarren Whatever you say, Resting Poop.
**Hysterical Laughing**
@GayPatriot @SenateGOP But what you're really asking for is losing Manchin & Heitkamp to a party switch to save their careers.
We need rain...please dance.
LoL!! @Sir_napsalot
Yes. Lead by example Madame, your turn @SenWarren @TexianRising @SenateGOP
your coo coo cachoo  @SenateGOP
@GayPatriot @SenateGOP says the pot to the kettle.
What comes around goes around #confirmgorsuch @SenateDems made your bed. Now you get to sleep in it. What? Thought you'd be in power 4eva?
You asked the @SenateGOP in 2016 to stop playing politics with judicial nominees and #DoYourJob. (Why don't you do your job now in 2017?)
Disgraceful that you liberal Democrats will Obstruct at every turn. Jesus himself wouldn't get a vote from U democrats
Meanwhile, in a galaxy far, far away.....
No, disgraceful is pretending to be something you aren't.
Country would be better off with-out the Liberal assclowns who have slowly destroyed this Country over the past 100 years
Tell 'em Clay Basket...
Take a look in the mirror today?
They are protecting the country & constitution from socialist damage by Anti Americans like u & ur cohorts
#SenatorPocahontas  @SenWarren @SenateGOP
When did the Supreme Ct. of the United States become a place for 'getting even' for failed nominee Merrick Garland? YOU should be ashamed!
says she who plays politics and calls for violence. Ok Vag walker.
You are disgraceful, Please remove yourself from Congress
@RogueLeaderLA @SenateGOP Come on Senate Dems
@GayPatriot @SenateGOP Watching liberals foam at the mouth...priceless... 
@GayPatriot @SenateGOP
@GayPatriot @SenateGOP I don't recall your outrage when the IRS was doing a hella more than playing politics & pleading the 5th.


@GayPatriot @SenateGOP Life comes at you fast
Chief Spitting Bull strikes again
$998 Lexus monthly lease payment by @GregoryMeeks with taxpayer money is more disgraceful, but you let that slide?
YOU ARE DISGRACEFUL!
They are doing their job.  The same way Democrats did in Republican administrations. Don't be a hypocrite
 @SenateGOP
YOU endorse a corrupt Presidential candidate. YOU are disgraceful!!!!!
You must hate it when representatives actually represent the will of the people @SenateGOP
You're disgraceful taking money meant for minorities @SenateGOP
hypocrite elizabeth
you need to do yours.
our Country works on a 2-party system. Clearly, the Republicans have not pulled their weight. This is the breakdown.
We the people have asked the GOP to wait until we have a new POTUS. Thank God they listen to us unlike Democrats
Chill Pocahontas.....elections have consequences and citizens r distrustful of the veracity of this administration!
Didja think it was "disgraceful" when Dems dragged their feet on Alito? #hypocrite
@petehaws @SenateGOP oh that's rich, what about all the politics played with the judges appointed by republicans. Hypocrites!!!
When you start doing YOUR job then @SenateGOP will do theirs. You can't have everything YOUR way all the time
like when you played politics and went against everything you supposedly stand for to support clinton
They're going to wait and appoint Ivanka Trump to the Supreme Court. She does what daddy tells her, so will they.
while we're at it did you demand an audit of the Clinton foundation's tax records? What's it like being a fraud & charlatan?
actually it is you who is disgusting. Who lies about the heritage. Did you pay taxes on your flip houses?
it was done at the end of bush's term and you had no issue with it. #hypocrisy
And the Dems do not have a history of doing the exact same thing? Robert Bork
Please Pocahontas.
They would've before the year 2000 and W Bush.  BAck when they knew how to be bi-partisan and serve the people.
That is doing their job. Stopping an anti-civil rights judge from being appointed.
you were one of Hillarys cheerleaders, You're being awful quiet now, are you sick of Hillarys lies too?
@sjyuk3 @SenateGOP Sad part?  They don't even care.  Politics and money trump patriotism.  #Sad
Biden Rule!!!
When will U learn, U have committed political suicide by backing the corrupt Hillary so no one cares what U say now.
Pocahontas
And the differences betwixt you and your counterparts across the aisle is?
Lyndsay Graham promised to remove the bs from the bill and pass it. We shall see
Could not agree more. This is shameful and the Republican senators are awful. Fire them for not performing their duty!
They're not going to. They are children hellbent on representing their interests instead of our country's.
Coming form the same hypocrite that held up GWB nominees because he was in his final year.
Just practicing the "Biden Rule" POCHAHONTAS!

that hashtag is tired and worn, Beth. Figure something else out to say. And hurry up.
@LindaKWS1 @SenateGOP Go Pats #DoYourJob 
You tell 'em!   @SenateGOP, do your job!
we need rain in the Northeast will you please do a rain dance on the senate floor
So does your effort to turn country into a socialist country w/ activists judges. The Constitution matters for judges
McConnell's goal for Senate was to not do its job, so Pres would lose reelection. 1st guy to fail even at NOT working!
This campaign cannot take and continue to ask 4 money when the don't honor what they promised.
so whats new?? The gop r disgraceful no joke!!!
how about that  Zika bill Warren?  Do YOUR job.
The Rep. House and Senate agreed a while ago not to do anything for Obama. They don't want a black Pres. to succeed.
Why when the Democrats did the same thing did you not think it was a disgrace?
Lizzy the way you were treated by Hillary is disgraceful Now get lost you are once again Irrelevant and almost Obscure
Hell they (republicans) can't even pass a simple bill like Zika funding without playing politics!
so when are you going to call for your friend Hillary to stop the Dakota access pipeline??
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP can u PUH-LEEZE follow the lead of this ACTUAL working senator, @SenWarren, & #DoYourJob?
do your job, create jobs, protect our rights and get the f out the way
.@SenWarren
Once #HillaryClinton wins the Presidency
the @SenateGOP will QUICKLY Approve #MerrickGarland
bc they DON'T want a nominee by her
you are a disgrace. You look like you have downs syndrome and you are exactly what out forefathers warned of
What is happening on Zika funding? @SenToomey @RepRyanCostello
Playing politics with judicial appointments is worse than "disgraceful." It denies justice and the government we pay 4
let POTUS do his work!!!
Just taking a page from dem playbook and u know it
Watched Frontline  on PBS and was amazed how corrupt the FB I was when it came to 9/11 how they destroyed john O Neill
@elizagonewild my girl is channeling her inner New England .
The Senate GOP is like that GEICO commercial. They obstruct, it's what they do.
This is America!!!
Don't you somewhere deep down want to go all Vincente Fox of them and urge them to actually #DoyourFjob ?
I could not agree with you more keep at it
Why don't you Dems do your job and pass Zika funding? Playing politics was invented by Democrats.
When the GOP offers clean legislation instead of playing politics by trying to defund projects Dems feel are important.
does this guy care what is right? Really !
absolutely GOP slackers
Here you go toots ...
It's kind of their job.
#DoYourJob
whiny whine whine
Our ultimate freedom is our right/power to decide how Senators affect US. 2/3 vote expels those who usurp constitution
you'd do the same thing if you were on the other side . Stop acting as if you're above this.
if want to see things done iv found its best not to wait around for politicians to do them
Remember when a GOP senator was asked "Have you no sense of decency?" At least they're consistent. #DoYourJob
How can she do that when the GOP hasn't offered one?
Thank you for concern for America...God Bless
By not considering the SCOTUS nominee, the Grand Obstructionist Party is NOT doing its job.
So you'd rather have HRC appoint them? Okay!!
Do you know what the Biden rule is?
So u know he asked for them to wait until after the election and GOP isnt going to give a hearing.
To make a full time job out of nothing (Politician) is even more disgraceful.
stop playing politics??? Isn't that what the Dems do too?
GOP has been a disaster they look like fools.
Obviously Traiterous
Stacking the the DC US Court of appeals with Liberals using nuclear option was disgraceful & bordering on tyrannical
it's disgraceful that you are defending @HillaryClinton. The Democratic Party is corrupted. Vote for @DrJillStein
I AGREE!  Sitting on butt 8 years! Time to Elect people non-elitist! Who are Willing to work For There Constituents.
Why did you vote down funds for the Zika Virus?   Do your job.
"playing politics" seems to be what politicians (especially dems) do.  Get over yourself
Well, that is beaus you think they work for the people. They are doing the work they were paid the most for. @SenateGOP
Voted 4 ANYTHING? Lately?   "We R watching"
Also, we'd like them to stop playing politics w/ peoples' lives & pass a clean #Zika funding bill
Republicans Poison Zika Funding Bill: Help For Confederate Flag, Cuts To Obamacare http://po.st/AkpNs7  via @po_st
talk about sophistry. Media Matters send you the talking points every morning?
It's two-way street. Both parties should #dotheirjobs!!!

90 times the Senate GOP demanded votes for nominees:
#DoYourJob

@JohnCornyn @tedcruz #DoYourEffingJobDammit
"Politics" is your job.
Beyond the pale or pail more like pail. B/c its a pail of crap.
there job is to represent their constituents who don't want your shitty judges get over it smoke a peace pipe n chill
Their Constitutional duty is to hold hearings on the nominee, after which they hold a vote.
If you can just point me to timeline constraints I will gladly admit defeat, You can't doe.
Horse shit. It is implied in the Constitution it should be done in a timely manner. The normal
are you serious did you really just say that stop playing politics that's what this is
I have not officially met you ,No pun intended I presume!!Dora I have been watching you!!Pleased to meet you,Dora
They are not interested in governing.
They're doing their job. And you're doing yours. Disagreeing with each other IS YOUR JOB.
No, disagreeing is not their job. Performing their duties, like assuring access to a thriving judicial branch is their job.
If that were true, then Senate Democrats would have the power to approve without needing the GOP to cooperate.
No. The job description does not change because the GOP is obstructing.
That's right. The job has always been to represent their citizens, whether they agree or disagree.
And completing their constitutional requirements.
The Constitution doesn't say how many Justices belong on the Supreme Court.
And yet, it does say when there is a vacancy and the president brings a nominee, they are to vote on the nominee.
SOP for the GOP!
and I am asking @HillaryClinton to pack her bags for a #Prison. #Tatiana #US
2 words, Trump University
2 words, Clinton University
