Google the name Jon Corzine
so Hillary and yourself should be in prison as well
they can under obama.
the clintons did? go get them before obamas pardon??fake indian just retire u do nothing for this country but yap--go trump 2016?
.@SenWarren Kind of like a Clinton overseeing the books on the Clinton Foundation, eh? Ha ha ha. Is this a parody account I'm commenting on?
Should Hillary?
This is for the courts to determine.....not a senator.  Let me help you down from your high horse.......
Check out @SenWarren pretending she gives a rat's ass about fraud?

@AJDelgado13 @ChristiChat @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC #TrumpPence16 #MAGA
For 2020 Presidency
Take note on how to counter these sleezy tactics:
why not Clinton doing it with foundation #cleanyouownhousefirst
A rogue DNC shouldn't be able to cheat, commit fraud, rig a primary & simply walk away to do it again either. No justice.
and the DEMs should have run someone the PEOPLE really wanted- SANDERS- and the DEM Estab should APOLOGIZE to us all
Yes.  Good thing Hillary was not elected.  Y'all should have nominated the winner of the primary instead of Hillary.  He won.
Hillary should not be able to sell her influence and simply walk away and enjoy her millions in retirement. I agree
why not your bud Hillary will
you are so short sighted. You don't even see how much your statements are hurting the thousands of honest Wells Fargo employees.
this makes zero sense.
Agreed, just as #Clintons should not be allowed to keep millions from #CrookedHillary self-enrichment schemes.  Fair is fair
Tell that to @POTUS
@bait51 So, you (pelosi & Ellison) been colluding with Soros?
Like Hillary Clinton
Governments do it all the time.
thats true, truly progressive countries have a working justice system for criminals. like iceland http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/iceland-has-jailed-26-bankers-why-wont-we-a6735411.html …
you're so right.  Thank you for taking a stand against those crooks!  Love You.
Your hypocritical support for Hillary will backfire when she is prosecuted by the IRS for Tax Fraud&FBI for Treason. Impeach Next
How about a SecOfState using her office to leverage millions from Foreign States to her ClintonFndn?Why is this notFraud?Treason?
Not much different than the Clintons...... of fact you support them.
Neither should politicians such as Barack Obama that lied repeatedly about #Obamacare
Neither should Hillary Clinton.   She's making money hand over fist for all her corruption.  Imagine if she is ever elected?
thr only RIGHT thing you have ever said....
crooked Hillary walked away. Lied to "we the people" and FBI

I feel the same way about Hillary! With all her crooked deals she should be banned from running for president
you're right Absolutely Not!
Same with you politicians
Nor should the Clintons. #DraintheSwamp
and the Government shouldn't be the only one benefiting in the form of sanctions WHAT ABOUT CUSTOMERS?  WE ARE THE INJURED PARTY!
why not? Clintons do it all the time
& nobody masquerading as a "public servant". #CrookedHillary and bill  worth over $111mill where's your outrage? #MAGA #podesta16
yet that is exactly what Clinton and Obama allowed to happen. We need need radical change.
but clinton can ???? ur a crook that supports crooks
A president @billclinton should NOT have taken advantage of a young intern.
Get Used to it. The banks own Hilary.
@Fishbooom hence golden parachutes. No repercussions. Lose it all
why not, you aren't holding HRC accountable for her fraudulent behavior
Talk to Hillary about that
Thought you would like the cover of the 2014 Annual Report
2 faced @SenWarren
"My Vote"

Looks like #ElizabethWarren has TWO faces too.

…
oh I C, U want to pick and choose who  gets punished for breaking the law
a candidate for prez should not be able to commit crimes and run for prez
senators and congressman basically do the same thing
There is a need to shut down banks. Here on the island of GU, banks could be heavily involved on predatory practices.
How many CEO's walked with millions in 2008?  Head of the oversight committee for the investigations then? You. Fake outrage.
Jail Wells Fargo. This is trump type leadership. Dangerous bunch.
a DNC chairman should not be able to do this
Newsflash: Democrats are lying, cheating lowlifes. The latest example is exalted leader of the DNC, Donna Brazile. http://therightscoop.com/megyn-kelly-obliterates-dnc-chair-donna-brazile-giving-hillary-cnn-debate-questions/ …
I take it you do not support Killary then?
I was just thinking the same thing about Hillary. @CareManagement_ 
@ActualFlatticus
A fake Indian shouldn't scam 300k from a university either
so how do u feel about the Clinton's doing much worse or r laws only for plebs?
how do you feel about @HillaryClinton taking all that money from Wall Street Bankers?
What about HRC and the millions she has stolen@fraudulent Clinton Foundation? Why not mention all the $ she took from Haiti,gross
What about Hillary Clinton? Exact same thing
That was out of left field. It's been going on since we repealed Glass-Steagall.
guess you were out of town ~2008-2010 $SPX @CNBC @RudyHavenstein
Really & you're supporting Hillary? She's so high up the ass of Big Banks she can't breathe. Maybe that's reason for her fainting
Please explain how Louis Lenner of the IRS walked away with her taxpayer funded pension after targeting citizens you hack!?
@LoriWest2 but who's going to stop him government doesn't run this country big banks and corporations do Nothing changes here.
@Lee_in_Iowa But they do. Wells Fargo tried to destroy us but there's no remedy for their customers.
this is what #hillary is all for elizabeth. Everything u r against. And u mock #TRUMP? U r a hypocrite elizabeth. So is #bernie
Likewise, Hillary Clinton, "THE FRAUD"  should not be allowed to be the President? You are knowingly supporting a FRAUD? How come
that is funny coming from somebody who supports the most corrupt politician ever for President!

@KellyannePolls a Sec of State shouldn't sell influence and favors for her foundation but you don't give a crap about that!!!!!
hopefully a new reorganized congress will be able to prevent that in the future   rewards failure
and a fake Indian shouldn't get a job at Harvard. Or take advantage of the housing crash to cash in. You're an embarrassment 2USA
Speaking of fraud...http://endingthefed.com/brutal-real-cherokee-indians-respond-to-elizabeth-warren-video.html …
we agree with you
@nntaleb what about Hilary's bank donors ?
Are you echoing Hillary's public view ? What is her private view?
Only crickets after the disclosure of Hillary's bank speeches? You're just another hypocrite we need to vote out! Trump 2016!
You are so ridiculous. This is the kind of petty bs you concern yourself with? What a joke you are.
.@SenWarren So sad. Only in #America!
Fox Business video "yes the buck does stop at the top" my opinion just like the army http://itcentertainment.blogspot.com.es/2016/10/gasparino-banks-are-being-run-by.html …
would these illegal accounts also be illegal under the Patriot Act? If unknown were they monitored 4 money laundering?
just thugs in suits collecting their millions no different than a drug dealer. You go Lizbeth!
like ex nj governor john korzine?
If any of us committed that kind of fraud we'd be in jail.  Keep fighting the power structures!  We love you!
neither should those in government...
thanks to your efforts he is gone now, please follow up to put him in jail!
And a military officer would be prosecuted for having classified info on their personal computer but you're not outraged a that?
No arrests yet, there should be thousands of arrests including CEO. You are failing to get results.
.@SenWarren Hey, what if you supported the only progressive running in 2016 you #sellout
jim daemon blankfein are still there
But an IRS minion who just happens to be a Democrat can retire after pleading the fifth. Don't like the outcome. Put her on trial
oh, my you are just picking tge weak ones to bully
All Banks crashed becasue of you people's bad policies. STUMp is the only CEO that deserve credit for saving millions ofj jobs
And the Clintons should NOT be overseeing a country. Why are they not charged for their crimes?
Where is POTUS, Clinton, & Trump on Wells Fargo? Their voice should be louder than yours!
http://www.thepoliticalguide.com/Profiles/Senate/Massachusetts/Elizabeth_Warren/Scandals/ …
- Thank you for this made for TV Witch Hunt. I love how you use no facts, just assumptions to fuel this political show.
you're a fraud and you will get to do the same thing.
Fraud has a financial advantage. The bankers recieved more bonus $ then $ recieved from fraud accounts. WF lost money. Some fraud
Veterans died waiting on healthcare, State Department lost $6 billion, why no one in jail at the VA. Why Congress still have jobs
neither should politicians.
Someone raking in $400k a year teaching one class and got the job pretending to be Native American has no room to talk.
so when massive fraud is uncovered in a government program are you going to say the same thing about the supervisor?
When will you address ongoing fraud in bank servicing and foreclosures? 8 years since DOJ. Bigger impact than account fee scam.
I agree.  Anyone else would be facing a jury. #justice
Exactly. Profit over customers.
Hillary and Bill Clinton did this and I don't see you or anyone else caring.  #DoubleStandards...
so quit your whining and find some proof that he was responsible, fool. #BigGovSucks
oh shut up you big hypcorite...how's that 6 million mansion you big thief?
It's the average worker that pays the price for this type of fraud. Thousands get fired, he gets millions. #Breakupthebigbanks
neither should members of congress be able to simply walk away or ignore the waste and fraud in government
Clintons Cant Stay Awake & WALK Anymore let alone REVIVE US Economy-CORRUPT FRAUDS-THEY LUV Wall St $$$$$
either should a Secretary of State.
@darkuncle It is almost like consumers are too dumb to take their business elsewhere.
s/dumb/deceived/ and you've got the gist of it
I mean post-deception. Good reason to find a new bank. WFC consumer business should tank. It won't.
Give 'em hell, Elizabeth Warren!!!
either should Hillary.
You were right Lizzie
when do you demand the same justice for Hillarys crimes as you did Wells Fargo??
I would think that you as a lawyer would let the legal process work out and not prejudge this. But best to get the publicity!
neither should a Sec of State!
I will campaign for you
and an idiot senator who championed CFPB should walk blindfolded in rush hour traffic. #pleasecallkevorkian
jealous much?   #bitter
phony outrage. How about HTC criminal acts!
Go after him baby!! Warren, you rock!
I have evidence that Owen Loan Servicing had their own Title company complete a fraudulent Title Placing them in 1st Lien. Help!
Far left @SenWarren created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a gov’t bureaucracy that inhibits our economy. She won't resign.
So @SenWarren, now that #WellsFargo CEO gave up $41 million and quit, how will you take accountability for damage you created with the CFPB?
preach! What's keeping WellsFargo from federal prosecution?? This was NATIONWIDE FRAUD!
I agree 100% but I can do nothing about it. We elect  you Sen. to do what we can't. So go get him.
Let's open up a prison account with his name on it
Apparently... if you go to jail, you didn't steal enough
@RaoulGMI Governments and CBs committing this fraud daily on savers and retirees with #ZIRP #NIRP
will the people Wells Fargo defrauded get anything?
you seem to few so strongly about Stumpf a banking CEO and yet give your complete support to Hillary.  Hypocrite!
I hope he "walks away" from his board positions on Target, Chevron, Financial Services Roundtable and Clearing House as well.
And yet they do. And their pals move into office and make sure nothing changes. That's why everybody is pissed off at politicians
Fauxcahontas @SenWarren got rich flipping houses, profiting off human misery. @luvGodncountry @realDonaldTrump @WSJ @Forbes @seanhannity @FT
"Law" losing legitimacy.
Wd. like to hear more about @HillaryClinton 's profit share plan. Do you think it cd. prevent that sort of fraud and run?
That's exactly how millions feel about The Obamas & Clintons!!
he'll walk. They all walk...
you should be so tough with the democratic nominee for laundering millions thru her foundation #crookedhillary #clintoncash
Much support
- funny, not a peep out of you re biotech Mylan CEO that oversaw $700M medicare/consumer fraud #Bresch $MYL #EpiPen $WFC #Stumpf
How do you feel about a corrupt politician who uses her office to bring in millions? Jail? Retirement? President?
@lukecissell 
Absolutely!
And #HillaryClinton should have been indicted!
@tutzerjd 
May these individual pay for crimes they committed.
MSM absence mentioning Carrie Tolstedt exe who oversaw the lender's retail operations WHY? because female? Ina Drew JPM is a pro!
Wow!  Did you come up with that all by yourself?  Simply brilliant!  How lucky we are to have you in government!  /sarcasm
@ForeclosureEvil if there are no speeding tickets then there are no speed limits. #EnforcementMatters
a Sec of State shouldn't commit Nat'l Sec crime, lie about it, and still run for president-you should look inward #politicalidiot
Agree! By the same token @TSA management should pay all their bonuses with interest back! Starting with 90K failed job! #tsa
thank you for your work without you this would have stayed status quo
.@SenWarren Lock him up!
You can never let these people tear down the Dodd-Frank framework or the CFPB
Of course he should.
#Capitalism
Thank goodness you don't represent me.
HANG the 1%'ers.  No accountability or oversight.  Rewarded...no matter what.  JAIL the Banksters, SEND a message.
You go girl!  Bully for you!!  But better....you BULLY them, the 1%'ers, rewarded...no matter what. Even when they commit FRAUD
@RaoulGMI True
happens all the time! Sad!
What about the Democrats who received kick-backs from the #TARP money as revealed in #WikiLeaks?
where is ur outrage twrd VA empl/admntors who faked apptmnts & timely srvces for Vets to get bonuses Nbdy fired/ forced to resign
Neither should a politician.
Like people in Congress. Y'all "oversee a massive fraud & simply walk away" and seem to become very rich "working for the people"
Nor should woman who lies to Congress, delete and destroy federal documents after a preservation order, be awarded the W.H.
Especially when the democratic nomination was rigged for her. #NeverHillary
he should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law!!
Why not? Hillary is a massive fraud and you support her.
What about a political fraud?
exactly right!!!
Get real Liz, Wall St has been swindling the World since the birth of the American tyranny nobody other than Der Rich is FREE.
why not?  He worked there for 34 years. What have you done to contribute to society other than run your mouth.
just like Hillary Clinton walking away from all of her transgressions and yet you support lying and corruption
