; What native tribe is she from this week?
@SenWarren
People can lie and rig elections, that is wrong. Why are you covering up the crime Liz? #DemExit #JillNotHill
like your parties candidate won't disclose what she told Wall Street on her $500,000 speeches.
#TrumpPence16 #JillNotHill #Demexit #BernieOrGreen #TrumpTrain #NeverHillary #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
@SenWarren
Politicians SHOULD disclose who THEY take bribes from..but YOU don't! Neither does KILLARY!
Tell your supporters the Truth raising taxes on Corporations doesn't work they pass taxes to consumers get your #facts straight
hmmm that sounded good what you said but wait...Oh yeah, you sold us out. #history #Remembers #DemExit
So is not dislosing donor lists or transcripts of the candidate you supported before the BANKS told her to kick you to the curb?
HAVE HRC DISCLOSE A FULL & COMPLETE LIST OF CLINTON FOUNDATION DONATIONS A CORRUPT SLUSH FUND DONATIONS ARE PAYMENTS FOR FAVORS
Have you talked to Hillary about the subject.......#crickets
and you endorse Hillary? So much for your legitimacy.
#SHAMEonYOU>@SenWarren>SOLDOUT #VaccineInjured & #AutismCommunity at "Vaccine Hearing" https://youtu.be/xijjls2axCM    #VAXXED #CDCwhistleblower
.@senwarren Key studies cited to 'prove' vaccines are safe were  funded almost entirely by vaccine manufacturers:
All those against Trump on both sides R the crooks in Wash. who don't want their $ gravy train 2 end,they cld care less about us
The biggest, crooked, corrupt corporation screwing the Amer ppl is WASH/politicians Time for Amer ppl to come FIRST. #trump2016
"Big Corporations"; "industry-friendly studies". Imprecise language. It's sloppy thought. And your stock in trade.
How about ALEC? Is that considered a think tank or loobyist?
how about every American be held to the same standards as Hillary Clinton and lets all be just as transparent.
@SenWarren
Clinton Foundation, any questions?
@SenWarren
why nobody seems to ask Trump the list of politicians he bribed as he said in republican debate
Make sure Hillary gets that message.
The Clinton Foundation needs to disclose all it's donors....and the amounts! Less than 20% given to "charity"?? #SlushFund
regulate till extinction.   atlas shrugged...
Time to act very presidential, as you're next.
so is getting paid $350,000. for teaching a single course, hypocrite.  Take a DNA Test.
so when exactly is Hillary going to release the transcripts of the speeches she gave to big corporations?
#HEXIT>@SenWarren
should they find The Reservation s?
Elizabeth you might have been a decent president, you should have run, but quit ramming corrupt Hillary down our throats.
Hillary is owned by the big banks that paid her upwards of $100 mil cash, and we wonder why the system is rigged? #FeelTheBern
You should have run for President!
maybe we should stop electing crooks, and start electing honest people. You should be ashamed of what you guys are doing.
big corporations like Goldman Sachs funded @POTUS and will fund @HillaryClinton . Please stop talking propaganda. Be real please.
look at all the money that the government is spending on crap that cost Americans buchu money
Which is why Hillary is wrong for America.
Hillary well not be happy
same goes for unions....right?
perfect contrast. Being responsible and ethical should be everyday all day not someday.
u r a #LapDog, not an attack dog. U r lucky if Hillary pets u now & then, or maybe allows Bill to throw u his bone. #JillNotHill
What's wrong is that corporations need to lobby to defend themselves from government controls. Laissez faire would be better.
Your posts are liberal gibberish.
True and Dems like Hillary take huge $$$ from same source. Sanders &Trump only one to speak out against it.
what makes a corporation ‘big’ exactly? Is it ok for non-big corporations to fund studies?
Sending Donation Emails 2 Bernie Supps while rigging the shit out of the System against him is wrong too - It's called extortion
including democrat donors like George Soros and TIm Steyer? #Libertarian
says the woman who endorsed Big corporations favorite democrat. You hypocritical fraud.
Indian
If NPR had a Conservative bias, you'd be screaming from the rooftops to "DEFUND" it. It's a Liberal mouthpiece
the biggest travesty in out election system is Liberals buying votes with entitlements and 'free' stuff!
@BigEmilee You're wrong about fundamental moral issues, like lying for profit. How's that $400K, squaw?
Your endorsement of Hillary Clinton was wrong, too
To fund "studies". Why make the automatic assumption that it is of evil intent? Science is science. Prove the wrong first.
.@SenWarren that's what @HillaryClinton stands for but you chose to forget! #WeTrustedYou #GoingGreen #JillStein2016 #JillNotHill
I absolutely agree
freak
For all your talk how could you back @HillaryClinton and Kaine? You really showed your true colors. You're no progressive.
Not endorsing @SenSanders during the primary and then cozying up to @HillaryClinton. Love to know what you were promised.
You know what's even more wrong being a progressive and turning your back on another fellow progressive.
totally agree
@SenWarren
of course! Why should proper disclosure be confined to #FinServ only at least in #Australia ??
euphemism 4 skewed research e.g.copra ind destroyed in Pacific demonized by saturated fat 2 sell US soya.Now coconut super food
And how will coporate favorite @HillaryClinton solve this problem?
contributions to promote findings corporations want through studies should not be tax deductible.
instead of "big corporations" why don't you start dropping names ;)
How about $$$ paid for speeches?
empty rhetoric
You are urinating against the wind. Pardon the idiom. The system is corrupt.
SHUT UP POKAHONTIS !!!
How about a crazy idea? "Congress shall make no law' regarding political expression. The 'disclosure' will be used for harassment
I agree I really don't know what point u r making Do u think they should be shot or castrated  think castration is more ur style
and how much they gave to who?  Like you!
I think Americans should have a right to know every part of spending a corporation does for political reasons.
please run for president in four years and you will have my vote. U r awesome!
Oh yeah?  And a lot of what could be under the umbrella of "vulture capitalism" spiked under the Clintons.  (And you know it!)
I read the NYT article. I agree. Its another channel of corruption.
It's also wrong that politicians take special interest and lobbying money! Maybe if it stopped, there would be honesty...nahhhh
didn't you endorse @HillaryClinton ?
we have an idea
No it isn't.
yeah you support a candidate they won't change it and benefits from actively right now
But ok for Hillary Clinton to refuse to disclose what she talked about with these same big donors behind closed doors? Hypocrite!
- What's an "industry friendly study"?
Your shut down opposition speech strategy is due 2 fact u cant win argument on merits. U resort 2 tyrannical methodology
Problem is tyrannical leftists like yourself will come after them as a part of your strategy 2 shut down opposition speech. Cont:
Agreed. Now do something about the tax structure that set up these "tanks."
You might be the biggest waste of life in politics, and thats saying something
Elizabeth we love you, but really need you to champion things like education, inner cities poor, hunger, housing.
http://www.hillarysamericathemovie.com/#TicketsOnThe20s … I just saw this wonderful documentary
I hope you're kicked out of office!  MA voters are dub
class warfare! You're pathetic
I'm sure HRC will take care of that, right?! ROTFLMAO!!! 
what is wrong is Hillary lying to the American people. Jill http://Stein2016.com 
yes because a Hillary administration will put an end to this as well, since Obama just couldn't get it done. #sigh
what's wrong is you endorsing a Wall Street candidate. Makes no sense.
It's a hot day today. Do I have your permission to buy ice cream?
@cykelly1718 It is wrong. And it's simply a back-door way to pay lobbyists and circumvent the intent of the law.
What's wrong with an amalgamation of people spending their own money as they see fit?Y is  how people spend $ any of ur business?
Why is it wrong?
@ProgVoters Warren is tainted by hypocrisy because of  her support of HRC, I will never believe Warren again.
Don't you see? A truly progressive future requires #Hillary now. Fight for #TotalDemControlBy2018 #BiggerThanPurity
I disagree, as long as voters plug their noses and vote the lesser evil, the DEMs will never be a progressive party.
Purity tests are about satisfying the ego, the heart. The mind sees our impending futures > the solution is to #VoteBlue
.@SenWarren how does this help the people of Massachusetts that you were elected to represent? Own interests at heart here..@massgop
I caution students abt using think tank/institute "research" bc its motivation and outcomes are political and paid for.
perhaps your just wrong.
Go make Hillary some lunch followed by a foot rub.
You want the truth? Always follow the money.
you talk the talk yet you endorsed the HALK- EXACT OPPOSITE in what your trying to preach, #HillaryClinton #wallstreetHillary 
how about contributions to the #DNC? Especially afterhour parties
Trumpiness think tank
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/20-of-donald-trumps-campaign-spending-goes-to-trump-businesses-filing-says-2016-06-21 …
ask @HillaryClinton to email her campaign donations.... Oops never mind.
I have learned so much about how our gov't works (and doesn't work!) from you. 
Thank you very much.    
Sandy Jereb
Have you not read Clinton's Cash, it will give you some good insight in your cause.
should be regulated like advertising
I am sure Hilary really wants this done. How could she hide the money she takes from big business and Wall Street
Hillary Lies Everyday
Should taxpayers be told what they are paying for anti industry studies???
How much have you taken from Lobbies?  Your just another self centered hack who forgets you work for the ppl of your state.
It would be even better if they were required to identify what policies they were trying to influence so we could match to votes
Or why we need Democrats in House And Senate, too.
Absolutely! Just read a NYT article on some think tanks' "research." Stunning. Thank you for shining a light. More power to you.
saying you are a native American is wrong also!!
. OK! Let's go! Start the process. Tell us what you need from us to get this done.
Yes. Big Brother must control EVERYTHING!!!
Lobbying is a fancy word for Bribery!
Is this wrong???
You GO girl!!
Who do you want to fund industry standard studies?
Big Government is the biggest culprit & YOU are part of it. No private Co. has an income of $5Trillion/yr. Corrupt & Inefficient
It's called liberty, Senator.
you were my hero for years until you endorsed $illary. My disappointment is still reverberating. She's as criminal as they come.
You do realize everything you post is in direct opposition to what #HillaryClinton does right? #NeverHillary    #politics
oh, u the moral police? Don't judge people. Mind ur own business, lady.
say that to Clinton
@VernaPolitics Clinton Foundation takes money from corrupt regimes that hurt women and will continue to if Clinton is president.
Banks credit unions, stock accounts all charge extra per month to mail account statements.  Non computer literate seniors ??
Wallstreet Lying Management is so destructive to working people. Making money off of businesses that fail is also sick.
agreed
#Goofy This is wrong 
Geronimo!
very, very, wrong
It's why Charles Koch bought the Florida State University Economics department hiring process.
Well, your buddy #Hillary will put an end to that, right?
no kidding!  Large business shouldn't be able to give $$$ to any political organization period!!
Nothing is stopping democrats from doing the same. Where's democrats research on GOP voting patterns?
I wish we could outlaw lobbying. Any chance of that happening?
How about big corporations paying $225 K per speech to influence policies of government & hiding what was discussed by speaker.
"Corporations are People my friend"
which is not true. the 1886 decision on SPRR Santa Clara
never said that
the clerk did it
RT
@SenWarren
.@SenWarren Grandma Hillary took millions from #Monsanto.
.@SenWarren @politico Americans wants open books on all Gov't officials; too many loopholes & delays that lawyers have developed, rigged!
..so what? A corporation gives money to a think tank..so what? They do an industry friendly study...so what? Worry about nothing.
Would that include all the corporate largess given to the Clinton Foundation?
lobbyists and big Corporation money needs to be out of our politics of course both parties rely on it so that won't be voted
I dbt we have to worry about any of the yahoos in this thread actually voting. That wld req thm 2 actually do smthng!!!
@FoxNews Then talk to Clinton about her Wall Street buddies and cronies. Clinton  is a huge part of this problem. PAY ATTENTION!
...so, about Hillary
Absolutely it is wrong. America is now known as 'The Cheating Culture' and is there any wonder.
Where are Trump's taxes, the most convenient audit in history.
, Trump that's what Rigged means...
I have think tank that funds truthful studies, but no contributions, except my time.
please tell @BillGates @gatesfoundation who control @POTUS @usedgov on all Ed policies thanks
I know I am WAY out of protocol, but I love you and your courage.
think about who makes the laws of the land, then tell me why you think politicians like her are courageous.
we need a law about showing taxes & birth certificate before even signing up to be a presidential candidate too.

I know that people aren't comfortable when I say this, but I worry very, very much about the future of democracy in our country.
are you saying your first sentence is factually incorrect, or the concept is distasteful to you? #GrammarNerd
Shorter @SenWarren: There's money I don't control and I want it!!! It's mine!!!
Big corporations must disclose lobbying expenditures, but not contributions to think tanks to fund industry-friendly studies. That’s wrong.
What about to all the tentacles of the Clinton Money-Laundering "Charities" which give more to Clintons than the poor?
that's not accurate what would the clintons really do with all that money?
Over $150 million in WJC and HRC bank accounts. Chelsea is worth many millions. Foundation money pays travel, staff
well they have been in public service a long time one was a president so I fail to c why there philanthropy is bad
HRC said dead broke when left WH. Now $150M+ and philanthropy is getting about 10% of what Clintons raise. Scam.
that's not accuarte a independent analyst concluded about 89% of its funding goes to charity
Even Bill Clinton doesn't claim that. When confronted with 10% figure, he said they had expenses to pay. Ask Haiti!
How about they disclose what they donated to foundations run by people you endorsed?
Limousine Liberals are the real problem lmao @SenWarren
