how about you and your other senators actually do...I dunno, your jobs and try to make a difference? Maybe?
How is she failing to do her job? What about republicans failing to confirm a SC justice? 
We don't want anymore of this race baiter's "justices" on the court. He's done enough damage.
So we have to change the constitution so you can get your way? What a beacon of democracy you are!
Nope. Let's take a little trip down memory lane, shall we?
"Vowing" isn't as shameful as following through. Try again.
Ok, so they didn't really believe the things they stated, including Senator Obama?
One is using political power to question a candidates legitimacy the other is grandstanding & constitutional distortion
Sure you are .Better watch it-you'll lose the BLM votes.That should change her mind!
You promote Black Lives Matters so you have blood on your hands Lizzie. Democrats hate law enforcement!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOU'RE NOT HEARTSICK FOR ANYONE YOU HYPOCRITE
DONT BELIEVE U ARE HEARTSICK FOR ANY LAW ENFORCEMENT FAMILY SINCE YOU ARE PART OF THE PARTY THAT DECLARED WAR ON POLICE OFFICERS
This poor child is left without father Officer Montrell Jackson who died today #BatonRouge  @CNN
let's go forward and keep trump any from the white house and let the mantra be "lock hhim out". #lockhimout
But Crime is the way of the @TheDemocrats Honor the 7-11 store robbers & spit on the graves of slain police #ClintonFoundation :(
http://thefreethoughtproject.com/illegally-clinton-assange-assassinate/#0t7quJy1MmtjBY4e.01 …
@SenWarren
You care for Blue, really? how?
neither will this https://twitter.com/iamphreedah/status/756145574718550017 … there needs to be accountability! Officers are not exempt of wrongdoing. Period.
I bet the cop that shot #CharlesKinsey like the others was given desk duty or paid administrative leave. And we wonder why there's no peace
is 'heartsick' more or less effective than thoughts & prayers that you mocked?
YOU SUPPORT ISIS https://sassysassyred.wordpress.com/2016/07/23/hamas-cair-and-blm/ …
But your spewing hate and division between minorities and police will fix the.pain????!
Are you heartsick for kate steinle hiawatha? Did you tell La Raza you don't care about the murdered Americans by ILLEGALS? #idiot
#BlackLivesMatter protest leader openly calls for killing cops but @CNN told me it is a "peaceful" group
Oh Ya! What about the guys in Benghazi
Do you feel for them, since you Clinton killed them. Then the way she did sanders?
instead of tweeting about it....do something about it.  BACK THE BLUE
Examining Black Loyalty to Democrats https://youtu.be/xryXpK042pQ  via @YouTube
neither will the demon-crate
#HillaryKills Is controlled by SPECIAL INTEREST and LOBBYIST groups. She is a LIAR, a THIEF and a murderer.
neither will weak liberals like you
Your angry anti police rhetoric is not helpful
then stop promoting it blood is on your hands
Can you explain how a Christian could vote for a  Democrat, considering the democratic platform....abortion...homo agenda ?
Then we can count on you to denounce #BlackLivesMatter  , right Senator?
@SenWarren
@SenWarren
YOUR PARTY, Ms. Warren, is responsible for this racial division. YOUR PARTY has fomented the hatred. Let that sink in.
should send a not to the Bammer?
#DemExit #ThisShitIsReal #VotingOnlyForProgressives
#GreenIsTheNewBlue
you endorsed this piece of fecal matter? https://assets.donaldjtrump.com/ClintonFacts.pdf …
I didnt know you were capable of writing a Tweet that isn't about Trump. Or did I miss that addon to this?
The problem we have here is, the country will not admit that there is a set of rules for different demographics in this country.
Neither will endorsing a candidate,  we know is corrupt, help anyone. #NeverHillary
@SenWarren
you have already endorsed Hillary Clinton and Wall Street
Kill the Failed DRUG War, if you want to Stem the Flow of Violance in America.
Or Not, & Keep the Same ok Schet going.
It'sUp2U!
don't worry miss Warren Hillary and yourself will gix the American people's problem once you get in office
you never uttered those wisdom words when blacks are killed. 1 lack killed from now on, 2 white police die also.
Dems and Libs should stop supporting criminals and terrorists.
you are a supporter of the poison BLM spew everyday. You feel any guilt for supporting their call to kill police?
I agree no more wars endorse Bernie instead
do you think you could tweet support for the police & not just for aborted babies? 1 tweet in 24 hrs - wow
You use tragedies to distract from your sellout to more job-offshoring bank dereg war Profiteer LIAR Clinton, you make me sick.
No you aren't YOU LIE.  You helped create the rhetoric that created the hateful Black Lives Murder group.
Why don't you DENOUNCE BLM?
no your not! Quit lying
Then tell your prez and puppetmaster Hillary to quit dividing with their bullshit!!!!
nor will your divisive rhetoric and support for hate groups like Black LIES Matter!
.@SenWarren keep standing up to that loud mouth bully. .@realDonaldTrump
You are not heartsick for the families of Louisiana, YOUR PART OF THE PROBLEM. #liarpantsonfire
Then perhaps your party should quit encouraging this kind of thing with you anti-police rhetoric.
as long as Trump has a chance at the Presidency, nothing will change! We will go back 100 yrs with a Dictator !!
...and you have no clue.
Dear senator Warren, many people in this country will judge you with ignorance. I follow you from the start. Good job. Thank you.
The old Republican playbook. The GOP planned steering of racist rhetoric we have armed violence. Now Law & Order to save us. BS
yea, so keep throwing gasoline on the fire. Your blanket statement about racism and profiling in LE are real helpful...
yet the GOP blame this on Obama's lack of leadership and his hatred of police. So much for unity.
Let's make it clear that BLM has nothing to do with this tragedy.
Your party created the culture that encourages this behavior.
No you cant fix a problem with a problem or by adding a problem & calling it a solution it's backwards
AS A SITTING SENATOR WHAT CAN BE DONE THROUGH LEGISLATION TO HELP HEAL OUR LAND.
neither will tweets from politicians who are such ideologue's there is no room for civil discourse or listening to others
YOU are part of the problem
you're right we need strong leadership. Vote Trump/Pence
yet here you are xontinuing to support hate groups towards police. Youre such a hypocrite. You should step down. So shameful.
delete your account
@SenWarren
endorsing Hillary will not either.
then tell that dumbass obama to stop enabling and inciting
I respect you so much.  Please tell me, as a concerned citizen, how can I help with these violent issues facing our nation?
public shootings, police officers being shot....what can I do?  What can we all do?
Police are being murdered b/c of inflammatory stmts & hate by BLM, B Panthers & supporters:Hillary/Obama/Dems false narratives.
do something about it. We blew our once & lifetime chance of having an honest president, @BernieSanders . Fix this be4 unfixable
land of the free,home of the brave turned into land of the freezed,home of the graves...America rejected God,calamities abound...
only mr trump can fix it
This is on the heads of the Democratic Party. You have divided this country with your, BLM.Innocent died.
I used to love U, now I am disgusted by you  U bash Trump but where were U when we really needed you? U backstab @SenSanders
Don't think you really care Liz its just a talking point for you
she tries to be important. Tries....
You didn't mention NRAs role in this. In open carry states why are the police called only when Black men open carry. Racism
I don't think it's racist cops. I think it's a systemic problem with cops being taught to view black bodies as dangerous.
racism is a part of the systemic problem but it doesn't mean that each cop is racist. They are taught racist things.
Seriously, you spent all day tweeting and just one mention about those police officers
#Pocahontas go back to your room you still on timeout
Dems are in denial! Stop preaching hate among race and party lines and the low info Dems will stop shooting ppl! #Idiotliberals
The Kenyan born imposter Moslem Hussein Obama's rhetoric is the stimulus for these attacks on the police.
Riiiight, because you and your colleagues do nothing to inflame the dullards who join BLM, you awful, evil woman--all for power.
The trail of blood leads to Soros and liberals:
please encourage Dems, Trump protesters, and Muslims to cease the violence and  hate. @realdonaldtrump
Stop yelling racism Liz!  You're not heartsick you're a fraud! Country was in better shape prior to 2008 (even with finl crisis)!
That comes from a Native American,  oh wait she lied. No wonder she gets along with Hillary #blm
Your sick alright, you should seek out psychiatric help for your pathological lying... you are not a Native American.
. needs to stop and protesters not helping. innocent getting hurt.
sell out
#IFindYouDisgustingALiarWhoUsedToThinkOfHillaryClintonAsTheSame#You'reALiar
Hauty rhetoric from race baiters like you and Obama,who blamed America and Police and encouraged the Extremism of BLM.
Review your recent rhetoric and seriously ask yourself if what you said was truthful and helpful to this discussion.
Give the police back their tactical equipment.
@ChrisMurphyCT "Violence and Bloodshed"? Do you bobble heads share the same writers? Stop downplaying the mass murder of police
we need LOVR 
and making careless crooked Hilary president just adds to its woes
you're on the wrong team for having a heart ,democrats too much bloodshed on their hands,abortion by billions
are you gonna do something about or just explain to these maniacs that it won't solve anything? #trumpence16
Really?  You must be happy after sending hateful and divisive messages, blaming police officers and all lives matter.  Shame in u
you spew so much hate that your words ring dull when you speak. I'm ashamed.
boo hoo do you realy care or is it just a clinton phase
during that time let Dem. protect themselves See how well that works. Time for union to call for work slow down or call in sick
so denounce black lives matter
;So here's Warren, again, making statements that we all know. She offers zero solutions, just PC rhetoric. Alarming---
after almost 8 years of Obama why do we have so much pain in this country?
A product of the Democratic party's decades long effort to divide based on race.
you all know what the problem is, it's so deep rooted now, that's it's difficult 2 heal, a whole people were simply ignored.
hi, the country has always been divided, a new generation are not going to accept the abuse previous generations had to endure.
Your continuous hateful rhetoric doesn't help. Dems are so the party of hate. 

.
I noticed you're not on the DNC list of speakers. Is that signalling you're going to be the veepstake winner?
ur words fall flat w me.bc u r intellectually elite.u will Hv to dummy it down a little ,4 all of us !!!! Ur bad for USA.2 smart
How about the 20 veterans that commit suicide everyday, EVERYDAY.
You have no right to talk about law enforcement. You are a fraud and a hypocrite.
getting people like u out of the line light will help U represent every thing that is wrong in our country
so lets sit back and let em kill us all then we aint gotta worry about you dumb do this nation a favor and go hold your breath
Well, you can blame Obama for dividing our country by his statements in the past.
goofy elizabeth warren.
Cop killings triggered by Obama and the rest of you Marxists.
accountability will
@KarenFaust8 so sad. None of this violence undoes the other tragedies. 
this country needs more, time to lead, who can speak to the nation and temper this chaos, Is it you? Is it Markey?
violence solves nothing,but something needs to happen or we're going to end up with that crazy man as our president. Ppl r scared
Got that right
Crocodile tears  Disavow extremist groups and divisive rhetoric from your party, and we will see your true colors.
it is so sad,that some folks think this kind of action, helps solve anything!
The people  doing the killing are people you follow and believe in.
Live with that you f" ing lying communist
When will Ryan talk about gun control? Oh, right, he's on vacation for TWO MONTHS! Must be nice?
another brilliant, useless, remark after tragedy
Instead of saying it "won't fix the pain" as if there is some level of justification, why don't you condemn the murders as evil?
