I know I speak for millions when I say:You should follow the lead and leave your post. You havent done one thing for Americans!
She hasn't done anything? I'd do my research before I say an ignorant claim like that. @SenWarren fights for America everyday
She hasn't done SHIT!  What do you claim she's actually done?
She was 1st 1 to study why middle class was disappearing back in 2006. She gets it.
study amd then what sje got paid for what? how did it help you or me?
David, here's the vid I referred to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akVL7QY0S8A&list=FLrFcWM8lbodKPnPg36jHmiA …
Again I ask you what has she done to improve your or my or anyones life?
About as much as Donald Trump, Dave. Repubs r not about improving lives unless ur wealthy
I always loved the way he was #HandsOn when dealing with #ForeignAffairs.
Looks uncomfortable, doesn't she?  Look at this reaction...
which fight? You mean all the groping of women?
The the grooper in charge, he hasnt done anything for America, except lie and try to bully others. Hes a whimp like his boss
Bye Creepy Joe!
good riddance Joe. Please let the door hit you on the way out.
Looks like you Democrats are running out of dinosaurs to run for office. No matter, Democrats are going extinct also!
What do you call Trump, a teenager? Well he does act like one.
Thanks for whizzing in our faces with free trade, Uncle TPP!   Retire now, Benedict Warren. #bernieorbust
a little creepy joe but I guess he's alright for a wing man. Not nearly as good as our NEW VP ELECT Pence
Another VP with 100% Class, being replaced by 100+% TRASH. Shame on us.
- agree. Joe has said it like it is.
not me ! Just look at Joe's face
@VPLive @VP Looks like Renys son DarkBearded
Royal Montague Doesnt Have An Answer For Da's Wereabouts@VP
finally he will stop saying stupid shit and will. E allowed out in the public lol
you should hide in shame appropriating the suffering of Native Americans to get a job, what have you done to make up for this
Love Joe Biden!
yes, thank you for your 'handling' of little girls lol
2.7+ million more than the pimp elect t_RUMP... great MAN, Joe... because of republican$ the toilet has "FLUSHED" America...
we feel a sense of pride with VP Biden, but than immediately realize what danger the world is in w/ Trump &  Pence - HELP!
Yes, go biden, you are a good one!
Yes, thank you, Joe!
Trying to get out ahead for campaign 2020 when economy btr 4 democrats no one will care. More jobs, btr medical, less rules
Yes! #BidenObama2020
I LOVE V.P. Biden!!! Thank you so much Sir, for everything. G-D Bless you.
Without a doubt, the most effective VP the US has ever had. Well done Joe.
run for POTUS in 2020!
Senator Warren, I think there's something you should see:

https://instagram.com/p/BNvFfDcD6_8/ 
god bless him and u guys would make a fantastic ream! Vice president & president! I don't care which is which..
I thank you all! The struggle continues,we are going to fight until democratic for all
@OurbabyMinx @VP you're being a little overly optimistic nowhere near a million
#GoJoeGo
We love you Joe!
More than that we respect you & we thank you for spending your life working so hard for all of us. God bless
Oh look the 3 STOOGES....
I have respected VP for so many years for his svc. Can't wait to have him in the movement! Maybe 1/21 in DC!
#ThankYouVicePresidentBiden
Love VP. Biden
 #thanksJoe
And NOW VP Joe... please help us get through this ridiculous acceptance of many of 'drumps' nominees....  Unreal!!
@POTUS Please don't leave D.C. We need your voices of reason. Mr. Biden, you have my vote in '20!
be there in 2020 joe
did he give you a hug and a shoulder rub too?going to be good getting our country back on track to greatness again
joltin joe Biden. All The best. 
2020?
Can I kiss your... ah... Hand

Mr. Biden is the best. A real leader
THE REST OF US MILLIONS YOU DO NOT REPRESENT. BIDEN IS JUST ANOTHER MONEY HUNGRY, GREEDY CAREER POLITICIAN LIKE YOU.
Amen.  Thank you, sir.  No one like you on the horizon.
good riddance.
Princess Hiawatha congradulates Chief Foot in Mouth, otherwise known as VP Papa Joe, or just plain "Plugs"
thank you
Forget 2020.Unless Dems go progressive,I'm sticking to  Third Parties.
Yep, I sure do!
quick!  Grab him and don't let him go! We need him too!
yes
yes, a huge thanks Joe! now go get some rest & come back roaring on the road to the white house. we need you more than ever!
you just voted against funding for the Cancer Moon Shot #norespect
He should have started fighting for women by blocking Clarence Thomas.
#Fanniegate
don't go behind any Gyms they @realDonaldTrump might be hanging out, he's looking for you to show since he called you out
36 YEARS: LAST TIME US WORKERS GOT A RAISE, DEATH OF UNIONS, & THE PRISON INDUSTRY'S PURCHASE OF CONGRESS VIA '94 CRIME BILL @VP
yes but we are especially happy that Biden will be GONE and out!!
now that is has been verified Russia hacked our election what is next? Clinton should be our president.
Biden/ Warren 2020
Thank you for fighting the good fight. Keep them honest. #WarrenBooker2020
I  me some JB
love him
Yes, indeed, we will miss our Joe!! Don't leave us!! Please take me with you!!! :)
show me on the doll where Mr. Biden touched you.  Omg all those places?!?  Ugh. .
Yes Thankyou Vice President Biden. You are the very best Vice President I've had the pleasure of experiencing.
you do.  Thanks
sounds sweet but what has @VP fought for?

Please do tell!!!
thank you for your public service and humor VP Biden
Here Here.. agreed @SenWarren Love Joe @VP #Biden2020 #thanksJoe
a heart felt thank you to you also
Love that man and @DrBiden . How I will miss them. #Joe2020

FUNNY .... THEY ARE STILL HERE....
@jbillinson also, thank you for being so photogenic, Mr. VP.  VP for POTUS in 2020!
I'll miss the Obamas, terribly, but Joe Biden's humor, grace, & kindness kept America smiling. I think I'll miss him, most.
puuuuhleease, can one of the two of you run for prez in 2020.  
BYE JOE....
No thanks POCAHONTAS
Childishness
oh how we love  this man! forever I would vote for him every damn time!
by by see ya, glad to see you go by by happy
no you don't speak.
run Joe and Elizabeth, run
yes Joe we live you, and thank you. Captain janet jacobs
wishing you the greatest life has to offer. Thank you thank you. Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Thank you for working so hard for all of us!  You will be missed.  Here's to 2020! #thanksJoe
TYVM Uncle Joe! Especially 4 having your bosses back for 8yrs:-) Also, for giving him a little nudge once and while!;^)♡♡♡♡♡☆
Please run in 2020! If Biden runs he will lose.
Great pic of you two and my favorite law professor, Bruce Mann!
You mean the dirty ol man uncle Joe! The one with the wandering hands on the children! @VP
girl b like Get Away! Dad grinning like Yeah I like pizza too
Echo your sentiments. The best VP of my lifetime.
we love you Joe!!
Biden/Warren 2020 make it happen! Then Warren/@SenBookerOffice 2028
Netflix $60B loot Ponzi scheme is encylopedia to debate with Congress All Wars Are Bankers' Wars
ECONOMIC SABOTAGE is TREASON! BURNING DOWN the HOUSE: How the GODDAMN-SACHS 
http://thejewishwars.blogspot.com/2016/05/burning-down-house-how-goddamn-sachs.html … NETLFIX $60B PONZI LOOT
Ur shaking the hand of a pedophile.I hope u wash it well afterwards.#PIZZAGATE
How do you know faker...
He always has been a supporter of the IAFF without fail.  Thank you  VP  Biden!
Don't let the door hit you too hard on the way out.
Love you both. @VP HELP US.
Bring Back Biden
Thank you for your service Mr. Vice President.
don't let the door hit you on the way out
Tireless fight of accomplishing absolutely nothing as VP. Good riddance you old groper.
Elizabeth Warren 2020. @SenWarren @VP
biden made great memes.... Not sure what the hell else he was good for other than a good laugh
The Best VP any president could have.
lol yeah the guy was a joke... Made piss poor obama look somewhat professional
Where was your support of Sanders in the primary? Your support of the tribes against the NDAPL? Sorry Warren u lost me.
Thank you Joe!
Bravo Joe!!!!!
what position were you offered for HC support?     @SenWarren @VP
I'm guessing Supreme Court Justice. She's a former law professor.
intriguing speculation, surface transparency.
sorry that was aggressive. PLEASE run together in 2020
I thought you were announcing a done deal   
RUN IN 2020!!!!
I agree.  I would much rather see Elizabeth Warren as the first female President over Hillary.
RUN TOGETHER IN 2020
That ticket would be a great white flag for the DNC, lets do it!
Agree 100%
