And be A Material witness in A fraud case involving his children &  tax evasion! Trump is A Bad Joke or A White Curse

TЯЦMP: the president for stupid people.

Got it.
Apparently you preferred Drug-of-Choice is raw, uncut, BULLSHIT!

Run along now, the adults are having a conversation.
Fantasy over.   Back to the basement and eating tide pods for you.  Or do you prefer snorting condoms?  Jerk.
This country elected a President that has no morals, just look at the affairs, yet knowing this still elected, how many people filed taxes

He should not even be there

How was his fraud of trump u  not at least misdem offense pre qualifying him for sen hearings on impeachment...the guy a flat out crook
It’s totally unprecedented for a president to have terrorists as political mentors, several social security numbers, a foreign student ID, no vetting by the media, a mysterious history, and no real jobs besides being a senator and an adjunct faculty member.  Get a DNA test.
Paula Jones ring a bell?
@realstevenlopez kinda like being investigated by the FBI
Go away troll, being investigated doesn't mean anything until you're found guilty.
but is there a precedent?
Well firstly, Clinton isn't the president elect. But if you're talking about nominee, then yes, multiple.

What does that have to do with anything?
you said not true.
what's not true is she isn't the first nominee under investigation by the FBI.
Well Senator you have not yet settled your #fraud.  You keep it going everyday and disrespect every #NativeAmerican without any #shame
that's because he was somebody before he became president. You were a no body before and will not be remembered 20 years from now
It's also unprecedented that a presidential candidate such as Hillary is under investigation by the FBI...BOOM!
@CalCivilLiberty and unethical.
Eschewing the labeling of all things ""unprecedented"" 'twould be a word to the wise, ew. @SarahHelm1
The stories I've heard about smelly crotches are horrendous, can you elaborate 
that's worse than Clinton who should be prosecuted and sent to jail. 30 years of living and defrauding the public.
How does anyone take this woman seriously? #pocahontas
NO
@TenaciousEye I believe Trump still has a number of outstanding lawsuits #FraudPresidency
do you mean unpresidented?
Like the Clinton's had to settle their lawsuits& legal battles
@e ?
everything for the next four years will be unprecedented! That's why we voted @realDonaldTrump into office!
It is totally unprecedented how a businessman beat the pantsuit off an accomplished politician/first woman candidate.#MAGA


@Ivanroberson not 2 mention over a dozen of women he sexually assaulted incl. some underage beauty pageant teens he walked in on
Yet there is so much we don't know. Tip of the iceberg.
when PUTIN can't get what he wants the GOP emails Russia hacked will be scandalous.rn the GOP is ignoring that fact
you could have been there w/Bernie. Chose not to. Thanx4that.
And it is also unprecedented for someone that is a proven liar and under criminal investigation to run for POTUS @CH1NOSWORLD
Well except for that rapist you all elected...............
you endorsed someone under federal investigation lol
It was also unprecedented for a nominee to be under an FBI investigation.Didn't stop u from backng wrng horse.
Afraid of being impeached later! This man is a disgrace to the Presidency of US
oh come one...your "friend" Hillary wasn't much better. if you despise Drumpf so much, WHY DIDN'T YOU SUPPORT @BernieSanders ????
Madam, unprecedented is the norm for this administration.
@SouthSeaGold oh really. It's a new world with no intelligence, compassion or saniry. Hate racism bigotry masogony and more. Help
and what about Hillary Clinton being investigated for crimes you hypocrite
@RadiantAstro @SenWarren @elizabethforma @washingtonpost LET'S NOT FORGET THE RAPE TRUMP COMMITTED TO A 13YR OLD CHILD #TrumpRape
And how about the husband of the Secretary of Education, who sells products to schools?
Trump is going to "rule" this country as an oligarchy. Very frightening, the  Congress is turning a blind eye.
so it's bad Trump settles a lawsuit but what wld Hillary been settling?Prison time,Payoffs to families of the Benghazi victims?
SETTLE YOUR OWN ISSUES WITHIN LOOK IN THE MIRROR AND SEE HOW YOUR WORDS HELPED THE VIOLENCE IN OUR STREETS TAKE OWNERSHIP SAD U R
@KAYLEEBURRIS he doesn't care and will get away with it. REMEMBER HE'S ABOVE THE LAW
NO, SO SINCE HE JUST SHELLED OUT 25 MILLION DOLLARS.AND HAS CONTINUALLY HAD TO PAY BACK 4 HIS BS ON FAILED BUSINESS
.@SenWarren That says volumes to your party. How America put @realDonaldTrump in power rather than you're lying party.
@CNN @ABC @CBS @NBC @BBCNews @HillaryClinton @MomsThoughts @AlecBaldwin @RT_com
PETITION ELECTORS!
@ToddBuonopane https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01MSFGU9Y/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1480450505&sr=8-1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&keywords=bonz+badman …
No it isn't and furthermore he settled to get it out of the way. He admitted no fault. He has big things to do like FIX YOUR MESS
and impropriety handling top secret documents (which is actually punishable under USC 18)! Is OK?
Nothing about this is precedented. We are in altered states of being.
@HillaryClinton All eyes should be watching! Where is the Supreme Court? Is anyone ever going to file
Agreed ! This is not Normal!
Just like you claimed to be Cherokee, like the fraud you are
Give up your lies!
I wonder if your remarks would have been similar had #CrookedHillary won?  Hypocrisy one of ugliest qualities in a human.
Watch Trump con families debts start to disappear! Because he will take if from us just as planned. @BarackObama
Well I am livid impossible for a con 2stop being a con he will always govern for his fam busi. wants 1st period!
He stole from vendors & wants to steal from us & we know it D.C needs to stop the games. @BarackObama @timkaine @SenatorBoxer

President Carter gave up his Peanut Co.was investigated 6mo. later 2make sure he hadn't pocketed a dime @BarackObama do something
It's unprecedented that he & that family r banking & will cont. The 3 residences tax payers r expected to pay. Thats unacceptable
Worst part DT was allowed 2run even tho anyone w intellect knows DT steals $ breaks laws @BarackObama do something
God I wish you would shut up! Nobody listens to you now that we know ur part of swamp & tied in with Hillary. Bad move
It is totally unprecedented for a President-elect of the United States to be a demagogue who consistently undermines democracy.
coming from someone who supports the most scandal ridden campaign in history. Arrogance compounded by ignorance is dangerous.
where are you on dapl?
Hillary would have tried to find a way to stay out of jail before she took office if she had won. Thankfully she didn't win!
Please keep up the fight.
@realDonaldTrump & for him not to disclose his tax returns. What conflicts of interest  will be benefited by his position
This women @SenWarren is in dire need of our prayers and empathy. Beyond any difference of opinion: Needs help, medication, and restraints.
senator you have become out of touch with the country, good luck in retirement
In a sane world, this would prevent him from being able to take office. But we don't live there anymore.
Yes Bc Ppl like you didn't have the Ethics 2do what Was Right When They STOLE the nomination from BERNIE! You didn't say ONE Word
@g_rubylee2009 It's unprecedented to put a Jackass in office, but you did it in record landslide
'I', did not. But.. let's see where 'we' go from here.
Maybe you didn't but 50+ % of voters did. We did the same in Alberta not long ago, just not this poor of a choice.
its unprecedented that I will not support you in anything you do anymore, and Im ok with that. #Bern4Life
You democrats have tried everything ,  anything else ?????
You have no right to speak with your candidate's record which speaks for itself.  That is why your candidate lost.
yeah what's the loss of security through an email server. just terrible Donald paid up so he could get to the business of America
at least he settled and did it without lying to america like hrc did about her foundation
areyou dems going to sit around and complain or actually do something? He has paid off AG s in FL and Tx. Congressional hearings!
Should he spend his time in pursuit of Hillary's actions during her tenure as secretary.
Like being under 5 FBI investigations? #clintonfoundation #weiner #clintonglobalinitiative #benghazi #pizzagate
This was an unprecedented election with an unprecedented incumbent! That's what we the people want. Give up the hate woman!
How about trying to save 2000 jobs at Carrier. Where's Mr Obama????
stop already. Work on your party issues first.
He won.
Let's talk about your scams Warren! Fauxkahontas!
also unprecedented that Democrats lost so many state legislature seats! #MAGA #PresidentTrump
It's unprecedented to have a candidate under federal investigation
the AMERICA Taxpayers are paying Trump rent so Sec. Serve can protect him. No conflict of interest there.  Should b rentfree
you should know you are the model of shadyness.
your delusional not one thing you say makes sense.
much more common to have a candidate that lied to congress and destroyed 31k emails that were evidence. Lol
At least he sin't going to prison soon.
OR, having a Presidential candidate under FBI INVESTIGATION! SHEESH Senator, you bias is SO OBVIOUS!
OK Indian
Yeah, some Presidents prefer to settle their suits WHILE in office.
It's unprecedented for a Presidential candidate to have a record of pay-to-play schemes involving foreign govts. Your point?
Something else unprecedented is a US Senator who lied about her ancestry to get a job.
It was also unprecedented for a Candidate to be under FBI investigation. Didn't stop you from endorsing #crookedhillary
claims to be for middle class, yet takes $$$ & directions from SOROS & son!!! #MAGA #TrumpPence16 @FoxNews @OANN @nytimes @CNN
Totaly unprecedented for a Presidential candidate to be under FBI investigation for breach of national security.
fraud
it was unprecedented to have a crook who is being investigated by the FBI run for president
Learn about jurisprudence before mouthing off
Or be exonerated for being extremely careless with security.  You are like Hillary Jr.
Why are you so obsessed with @realDonaldTrump and instigating protest on attributes of himself, the transition, and his policy?
well not for him
: how do you feel about the Clinton fund ripping off Poor Haitian homeless people you're heartless and self serving!
it's also unprecedented for a President to be married to another President
everything about Trump is unprecedented, that's why he beat your girl like she was a German sex slave
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/elections/2016/presidential-election-headquarters … Hilary is ahead in the popular vote. Beat Trump like a presidential candidate. @FoxNews
WRONG!
Okay, @StockGuild, prove me wrong. (@think_logical1)


Okay - Trolls gonna troll. Have a good night, guys. 
peace
@GeorgeTakei 
Or under investigation
@GeorgeTakei 
Or be under investigation
faak you.
#1 Unprecdntd 4 a pres-elct to be a busnsmn B4 being a pres-elect #2 He wntd 2 get it out of the way to concentrate on job @ hand
THat's because we finally have a businessman instead of a lawyer! He's not under FBI investigation like Hillary!
@WhizChem an alternate universe!
it's also unprecedented that a candidate should run while under serious investigation by the FBI 
America will soon wake up, that first 100 days will tell the tale how the next 4 years will turn out, Drain The Swamp!
Warren you old hag you smell like old lady crotch sweat,you are so jealous of PRESIDENT TRUMP ,you look PATHETIC ,,wash you 
also unprecedented for a candidate running for Pres to be under FBI investigation!
All the while committing new and bigger frauds and conflicts of interest
squaw who drink too much shoot mouth off an make her sound stupid
your vindictive nature is absolutely abhorrently unacceptable. You are what's wrong with Washington. DO YOUR DAMNED JOB.
Don't worry. Hillary will make your eyes water.
Where were you when your candidate run for the office being under the CRIMINAL investigation?Did you go to school on reservation?
who's shrill voice is worse yours or Hillarys  Hard call
It's totally unprecedented for a POTUS nominee to be under an FBI criminal investigation during the campaign.
Well we did have one settle a sexual harassment case and get disbarred ...forget about that one?;)
Totally unprecedented for a squaw to speak out of turn.
Enjoy sucking up to the new leader of the USA!...again squaw
this is coming from a mook claiming that she was Native American to get into school. Wow
Unprecedented to have an AG meet w/husband of a candidate,.a man who is a former president, and then watch probe on her canceled.
You clearly don't "get" it! People don't care what you think - that's why your girl didn't win. Get a hobby or SOMETHING!
and Obama has broken the law time and time again.
But hey, seems to be goin' over just fine and dandy. No consequences!
Totally unfair to country not to know if he was truly fraudulent or not before becoming President. Part of vetting!
but it would've been fine for a criminal to take office?
Hey looney! Poor children deserve school choice! It's time democrats stop trying to keep the poor uneducated & dependent on govt
Says the woman who backed the MOST corrupt woman to ever be a candidate, under FBI investigation as well as her foundation
delete your account
I'm sure he'll have more to settle after he's in office too.
it was totally unprecedented for someone under criminal investigation to run for president, and you backed her. Your valueless
Totally unprecedented for a former President to be paid $16 million to be "Chancellor" of a University. #Highcostofeducation.
BOOM!!
- Did you forget about Slick Willy having to settle lawsuits WHILE he was IN OFFICE???  Not unpreceented at all!
Your candidate had to have the administation and doj block investigations into her pay for play bribes
@realDonaldTrump First time we had a RICO CRIMINAL (Hillary) run for POTUS too! Get real!
Will something be done about this?
unprecedented for pres-elect to be unindicted violator of  Espionage Act & responsible for death of 4 Americans
it's like Nixon in reverse
There's a first time for everything.
@JohnJCampbell double standard at work, its pathetic to watch adults behave like children BC they lost, grow up
@JohnJCampbell Trump didn't pay income tax BC the law allowed it, show the crime in that, that's the governments fault
@JohnJCampbell  yet military personnel mishandled classified material, prison! You people who agree have double standards
@JohnJCampbell Hillary had classified material on public server, no one puts her in jail, federal crime is a federal crime

HE WON!!! DEAL WITH IT AND GET TO WORK!! Term limits are coming next!! America is sick of a broken and dysfunctional government
its totally unprecendented for you to collect 400k for a class, and then claim to be against student loan debt.
@bhakthi hillary under fbi investigation haha farken hypocrites
like it was unprecedented to have candidate running under FBI investigation? #shouldaendorsedbernie #youareculpable #donewithyou
This is 2000 all over again only on steroids.USA elected a moron, and 8 months later the worst attack EVER on American soil.
whatever you do, don't impeach Trump.  He is the ONLY thing standing between the American people and GOP kooksticks in Congress.
#Hillary4Recount please help us tell @HillaryClinton
So if all we have to worry about at this point is fraud, I'll take the lesser of two evils #TRUMP2017!!!!
It's also unprecedented for a murderer to be president but yet again....Hillary.
It's also unprecedented for a president to be married to a rapist but yet again....Hillary.
Not to mention she is under investigation because of her "Foundation".
It's unprecedented to have a federal investigation
what should we do? Tell us, we are ready and rallying!!!
Not A good look trying to distract, nobody cares what you say. Your actions say it all or should I say your inactions.
