If they're going to tax my IRS refund, which is my money, then damn right they can tax these whiners.
federal refund is never taxable idiot.. only state and local IF you itemize in the year you got a refund..
Massachusetts considers it as income and taxes it.  And name calling? Really?
He is a liberal, they get to do these things cause they're special, like short bus special.
#PizzaGate

This is why I didn't request cancellation of my federal loan; I'd owe the IRS money I don't have.
@RepCummings @SenatorCardin u 3 mutts should have thought abt DJT holdings B4 elec Ohh right u didnt think he cld win gutersnipes
You mean like the feet dragging as we lost all our savings and retirement because of Obamacare premiums stealing?
We the PEOPLE have a right to know what instructions SOROS is giving to @SenWarren AND how much money! @FoxNews #MAGA
I paid off my high interest (8.5 %) student loans! No one helped me! Do you hear me bitching? NO!
just go away Elizabeth.  Nobody cares about your rhetoric.
I GUESS COLLEGE IS   F R E E    AFTER ALL !!  YOUR TAX DOLLARS PAYING FOR DEBTORS !!
HOW CAN THEY HELP MOST OF US ARE IN POVERTY .WE DONT PAY TAXES SO HOW THE HELL CAN THAT CURPT SYSTEM HELP US ???????
@Donaldverger @USTreasury @latimes I worked VERY hard to pay off gov college debts. It takes a lot of work. Pay the 2 dollars!
@Teapublicanways @USTreasury @latimes or better yet, close the tax loopholes for corporations.
: why didn't you do this before you saw how corrupt the IRS was with the Obama administration
Warren is a fool and alt far left winger. Get rid of her.
I paid mine, ours paid theirs, what the hell are you ppl teaching, NO responsibility out of shoot?
Agreed. Please help our students get out from under massive student loan debt.
how can you support people that are defaulting on their loans?  Not fair to people who actually pay!
Can you look into this? #AuditTheVote #AuditTheVote #AuditTheVote #AuditTheVote #AuditTheVote #AuditTheVote
#crymore #crymore #crymore #crymore #crymore #butthurt #topkek
You have Obama to blame for that. He has politicized the IRS.  Just like your pet CFPB, it is a joke.
Perhaps the federal government should get out of the business of guaranteeing student loans.
your corruptor in charge in the wh can.  You democraps hold the office and arent doing a thing, are you?
But your admin wont. Talk talk talk talk rhetoric until next election.
why is it all of a sudden a hurry haven't you been in office a long time why didn't you push it before!
you prob didn't have to worry about any of this, being Native American and all,eh?  BTW, how's George?
Why did you not think about this when Jive Ass Obama was in office.
Where are the jobs for these people?
Where were you hiding when IRS targeted conservatives?
if you're so concerned you should get with Obama Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi you had years to handle this.
Why are students receiving student loans not eligible for food stamps? Illegals get them!
Why are student loans counted as income? Explain that one Liz!
additionally, I believe that prior @ITTTech students >120 days who didn't receive a degree shouldn't be liable for those loans.
Zip it Warren.  No one is listening to your ever present rants.  Take a chill pill!
I would like tax laws to change so people like the President elect pay their fair share
I would like tax laws to change so US residents pay their fair share of double-taxation #CBTax #FATCA #RepealFATCA
don't use our money to pay off student debt. Let them pay their own debt off like I did.Or R they snowflakes
when are you going to provide the Cherokee nation with the Harvard scholarship and job that you stole from them?
What can a disabled person do to help get this measure passed?  Phone calls, letters, petitions??
Amen!!!
can't buy a bottle of Nyquil w/o i.d. being scanned.
Where does the invasion end?
Privacy is purchased.
DOE not "accreditor" but lender! EPIC conflict of interest for intere$t. With IRS garnishment. PredatorsRUS
"standard" 10yr maturity is bs, when kids can't even pay on 25yr! Criminal predators at DoE. Do the math.
Stop the Standing Rock violence!   #NoDAPL !!!!
take the Hint!!!
Wasn't the treasury out working to ensure @Apple didn't pay taxes, here or in Ireland? Nice job guys, nice job.
NYMag reveals Cheating Found by Attny's& ComputerScien's N PA,MI,WI! Get #Hillary 2 Challenge by Fri! @latimes
How aren't 100% of them in default?! Only 50% are in default? Speaks to sense of responsibility.
Stand down! Stop acting like you're doing something for people. You're chickenshit, do nothing. You're fired!
DAPL, stop ignoring it, you already screwed up by not supporting Bernie in the primary,this will be strike 2
says the person who robbed others by stealing their heritage so she could get into and pay for college.
some greedy corp bank is making interest,  every day,,, compounding!!!
Why aren't you making 100% of payments tax deductible?
FRACK THIS ARTICLE IS ABOUT DISABLED STUDENTS NOT STUDENT LOANS!
I want to come work and learn from you.
please look into this, if true please take action http://usuncut.com/politics/voting-machines-three-critical-swing-states-may-fraudulently-given-election-trump/ …
RECOUNT
Maybe you could ask Tweety Trump about that, he seems to be able to answer everything in 140 characters.
Get ready to laugh!!!  may be the funniest thing I've seen in a while. Enjoy!
Since they're cancelled due to disability, wouldn't most be on a fixed income.
Jeez, that didn't even occur to me. I'm living on Social Security. 
thank you for caring about crippling student loan debt when nobody else seems to!
so the article says Republicans show disdain for those with disabilities? What kind of ignorant pretend journalist?
U made an unsubstantiated claim of Native American heritage for personal & prefessional gain. U R a racist.
I paid mine, why can't others?  It's a defined benefit. People benifit from having a degree that was paid 4 by loans.
You were paid 370K to teach one class at Harvard...U R the reason tuition costs are so high.
are there any updates on the situation in ND? 
@POTUS @SenSanders
That's right Mrs. Warren!

- Men should shine their shoes and not spit on the sidewalk too.
What a wonderful lesson to teach students! Just declare insolvency to get out of paying your debts.
Student loans should have a zero % interest rate. Make it possible for more to get an education and live.
Please keep fighting for us and have Congress pass a bill and get Trump tax returns.
Just tack it on the 11 trillion the Democrats charged on the taxpayers charge card the last 8 years.
@pamcurtis4210 @USTreasury @latimes إلغاء القروض الطلابية وهيا لا يوجد عليها بلأساس ضريبة هذه ستكشف الاعيبه أمام جمهوره
Thank you Senator Warren!
why would they not be?
.
NOVEMBER 08, 2016

WHAT A GLORIOUS DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
.
Thank you for talking about this,  as a disabled person waiting for my tax bill this would save me.

today reliving our national tragedy from 53 yrs ago, what could have been, has given way to #OurNationalDisgrace worst nightmare!
who's fronting the bill for the Trump fam to stay at Trump tower till schools out? million a day Ive heard?
audit the vote audit the vote audit the vote audit the vote audit the vote audit the vote audit the vote
Why are you silent?
How much is @latimes compensating u for getting their paywalled sub numbers up?

FREEdom of the press?
Warren. Quit her crying. U got ur freebies because u are 1/1000 native American.  LIAR!!!
ERIC HOLDER/LORETTA LYNCH UNLEASHED ALL TYRANNY & INJUSTICE ON ME TO PROTECT NETFLIX LOOT PONZI SCHEME
I hope there is action on this! I am totally/permanently disabled and live on $826 a month. No room for IRS payments.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNm8YDmKQEg …
It's those democrats running the Treasury that screwing it all up.  Horrible.
We could instantly help every American by abolishing the IRS.
387,000? Kinda like what you get paid to teach one class at Harvard?

Student loan forgiveness is misguided policy that ignores the $1.3 trillion problem. http://bit.ly/2elJ9ZW 
more burden for the middle class, the middle class thats living paycheck 2 paycheck @realDonaldTrump
if you're living paycheck to paycheck, you're not middle class, you're poor
the Government is making the middle class Poor
U BORROW! YOU PAY!
tax tax tax! Take take take! Yep your days are numbered as a Sen. Vote her out! It's time dismantle the IRS!
Here she goes again, LOOK AT ME!I am the greatest and i wil save the world! LOOK at me!!
maybe they should of said they're part Cherokee too?
If not complete forgiveness why not a RESET on student loans? Forgive all late interest, late fees, collections.
THANK YOU SENATOR WARREN! Still my hero!
If severely disabled & insolvent, how'd they rack up so much debt? Online courses? Seems strange at a glance
And you  @SenWarren shouldn't drag your feet to support Native Americans.
#FauxProgressive
#NoDAPL

I'm one of them. I've been disabled for 13 years and have been fighting the gov for that long
I just sent a letter off signed stating that I haven't worked this past year. AGAIN!! What will it take
YOU ARE A FRAUD
Forgiveness of Debt has always been taxable.  If you use the money and it becomes income not debt.
not in Warren's world.  Wishes she would just go away with the rest of the liberal elites
