here I happen to agree w/you, especially after hearing of the help they gave to Boston Marathon victims. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump  Lizzy perhaps you need to Rush out to those doctors, and receive Mental EvaluationDo it before we Baker Act you
the private system is and always will be better than the government.Just get the government out if the private and let it shine.
I think @SenWarren has a good suggestion that should be considered by our new Sec of Health in the transformation of USA Healthcare.
which is to say what? Do you imply US docs should give Aid & comfort to isis terrorists, is that it Warren? Make yourself clear.
and you need to show leadership #NoDAPL
Agree there is a better cross section of people to identify diseases or possible diseases.
so where were you standing on the stump for the last 8 yrs when the VA couldn't give such care?
you should advise us how to protect our assets
WHAT !
Have you been to the Holyoke Soldiers Home. Stop showing your ignorance by comparing all Vet Fac to Walter Reed. Shallow at best

Sure, while d ones that have been fighting terrorism in Iraq & Afghanistan can't get treatment. 
@ericbolling 
@realDonaldTrump
Wow! As a Desert Storm Vet I can say with clarity, you're some kinda special
it's high time America looks out for their VETs properly.
Not if they did not serve their country in military.  No to civilians.  That's their insurance carriers responsibility.
- Absolutely!
thanks for bringing this up.
the VA health is what every person should have not aca
Total #Moonbat, totally out of touch, totally delusional, totally psychotic. Wow. Fake Indians should get free health care first!
And yet our Vets can't get seen???? Bullshit!
We can't even take care of our vets and you want to add more burden to the system? Unreal.
How about we take care of Ameicans 1st, get our vets off the streets, stop paying for refugees to come here and live like kings
You haven't visited the Atlanta, Ga. VA hospital. Just another out of touch politician. SMH
terrorism victims no more deserving of care than other trauma victims. Rethink this please:unjust.
Americans, right?  If so. Holy hell, I agree. We do kinda know this and if MPA does what said then we have man for the job.
Yes, not a bad idea, meanwhile please do not kill (together with ISIL) Russian medics on the field in Alepo already doing this.
WHO'S PAYING FOR THIS? YOU OR WE THE TAXPAYER? SICK OF YOUR LIBERAL LEFT BIG GOVERNMENT.
Not a bad idea but help the vets the VA is neglecting & killing first. VA is worse than ever! Its 1 of many reasons Dems lost!
try giving access to our veterans first.
I just want to explode about your stupidity. Our soldiers can't get service, how about draining the VA swamp
You're kidding. Our own vets are still standing in line, Senator.
victims you failed to protect
as a veteran I wouldn't wish military or VA hospitals on my worst enemy.
universal health care now, if the UK could do it in 1947 you can do it now, this is why the democrats lost, no big plans.
We have excellent hospital ships to do that too.
I'm ok with sharing the expertise.
Yes we do.....!
wtf. "terrorism victims" small enuf # 2 not need attn of fed govt. unless u r talking global, not just US. As u probably are.
Believe it or not some military docs even know how to do a Cesarian and save a mom and child.
keep the people dependent on gov. so you can stay in office - thank Senator Grandstander - I guess no term limits for you
how about all America having access to the GOOD and FABULOUS healthcare of Walter Reid? SMH
More importantly & to achieve that goal we need to urge the Electoral College to vote w/the people's mandate for @HillaryClinton
how about veterans like me who need it get it first?
And start allowing private sector specialists to work for the VA. @SenWarren
Well, there are a few THOUSAND vets at #NoDAPL ...oh, but you're ignoring that, aren't you?
Hell no

Yeah, the VA is doing so well for our warriors, why not add to their burden. Are you insane? Don't answer that, WE know!
I appreciate you so much.  We need 100's more of you.  thank you!
yeah we get your message, you're all for the people, aren't you great, thanks a lot Pocahontas - you grandstander
So you fault her on the fact that she cares about people? What a dick. @KeithK53189549 @SenWarren
take a whiff you loser - your grandstanding #hypocrisy lost - so suck it!
Walter reed the best for this, folks
Sorry but I don't want to go anywhere near military doctors.
Didn't realize the word "terrorism" existed in your liberal fantasy land.
Or prevent victims from being exposed to terrorism, like not allowing them into our country
I agree but we need to fix the VA first
