hmmm kinda like Hillary Clinton huh you have such double standards
Except if you are hillary clinton
Hillary would run away with the entire contents of the bank and sell the building.
Delete your account criminal.
And Hildabeast should be in prison.
and a military man would be in jail if they did what #HillaryClinton did with the emails
and H Clinton should be ashamed of herself for taking millions from countries that abuse women. You are a hypocrite!
and yet  Hillary can't account for billions from our state department. You're right Injustice prevails in this Administration
You are a total hypocrite endorsing campaigning for the most corrupt politician ever to run for President.
I would vote for a stick if it slowed the immoral roll of "progressives". Thanks for the input though
tell that to you bud Hillary. Your are a hypocrite Warren
and anyone else would be in jail for many years for doing what Hillary did with her private server!
You have a lot of nerve saying that when you are campaigning w/the MOST CORRUPT politician ever! You are a hypocrite!
u better compare what u said to what your friend crooked Hillary did, and believe me her turn is coming, she will b prosecuted,
A Navy sailor got sent to jail for taking pictures of a ship, Hillary got off for having classified emails on an unsecured server
HRC gets a pass fr/Obama Atty Gen State Dept FBI media. Paid $$$ fr/WallStreet who donated $$$ to HRC campaign!
@joan_osborne  Where is AG Lynch?
She is busy stopping the FBI from investigating the #ClintonCrimeSyndicate
and a wall street trader would be in jail for trading off his/her GMAIL account #C is for Classified
--- You are the judas goat for true liberals.  We know what you are and you will be exposed.  What about Hillary's pay for play??
like hillary and bill should.
the tone was hateful.I'm so happy you stood up for the good tellers and customers that had to endure this.hoping it is better now
on a daily basis f, we didn't get checking accounts and credit card apps daily.we'd have to stay on conference calls.it was mean
they'll terminate you.it happened to me.haven't been able to get a full-time job since.want to get back into this sector.
you also get terminated even if you didn't steal.And get blackballed too.for telling on people who are trying to do wrong things
true.as a former headteller this is the truth
and HRC stole millions from poor Haitians...but thats ok
Alsp probably get in trouble for having a private email server that compromised national secrets and lying to the FBI.
Any State employee that brought home reams of classified info would be prison; so why is #hillaryclinton running for President
HIllary does far worse yet is allowed 2 run 4 POTUS now that's criminal! ps ur shreiking voice makes me want 2 jump out a window
I appealed to Unemployment & got it reduced to a 7 week misconduct.I can tell you as Bankers we were given threatening emails
But not #CrookedHIllary and not you for lying to get a $450k year job, right Chief?
',
A person responsible for the release of classified email should stand Trial for Treason
What do you do about the bussing of paid voters across state lines to vote Democrat? Nothing.
@HillaryClinton & Bill Clinton should be in jail for all there offenses. Not multi-millionaire with all their scams & abuses.
and clinton is free
and what say you about how Hillary escaped charges that would imprison others? Let me guess: "Trump touches women."
would a bank teller get jail time for destroying evidence under subpoena and perjury , obstruction of justice & witness tampering
Anyone else would have gone to jail for dumping 35,000 emails, too
Don't you think all those clerks should be rehabilitated and reinstated?  The wrong people lost their jobs. Wells Fargo owes them
but you support a candidate that does not care about those issues. Hmmm
@KellyannePolls an everyday citizen would be in jail if they did what HRC did - but craven-selfish person YOU are doesn't care!
care to apply that logic to #crookedhillary and her past?
So what are you!!!going to do about Hillary.  She dissed you.  Wake up!
, if lower employees are fired for stealing or dishonesty, they can't unemployment, or another job. Upper management love that.
, there are incentives for people at the higher level it banks to steal and get lower level employees to,employees go to jail.
go,girl! Talk to us! Stand tall
A military member would be in prison for giving up classified information on an unclassified server.
Politicians get to skate jail time. Happens all the time. Celebrities get what, a few hours, so the press gets a story.
Bank teller didnt create any jobs or do any good to anyone
A normal person would go to jail for half what #crockedhillary has done... Are you part of her crime?
What about Hillary Clinton being exonerated for mishandling classified information.  Everyone else would be in prison...shut up!!
Hypocrisy at its finest right here.
And a government worker would be in federal prison for having classified material on a personal server.
Not if the teller had Clinton for a last name....she could walk out with the entire vault and you wouldn't say a word.
Because that is stilling. WF had to pay the bankers bonus for the fraud. The money for bonus was more than the extra accounts.
Ironic you say this & support Hillary after her email debacle. Anyone else would be in jail. #CrookedHillary #lockherup #MAGA
you should be fired for your tirade on Trump. They are lies and you know it. Ur part of Americas downfall!
yet if I lied to the FBI, I'd be in prison and Hillary is allowed to run for President. Where's your stance there senator?
You would think so, but apparently you can commit some real big juicy crimes and simply have nothing happen to you. #lockherup
Comey said the same with regard to HRC's server. "To the contrary, those individuals are often subject 2 security/admin sanctions
you lost credibility go take a nap
should care about @HillaryClinton's global $ laundering operation. Lefty hypocrite. @luvGodncountry @DRUDGE_REPORT @BreitbartNews
you are one useless Native American.
There is no fair justice in America. Big and rich get away even with Murder. Serious reform is needed.
and others in military have gone to prison for mishandling classified info, doing a lot less than HRC - u r such a fraud!
So would a any military person who had access to classified material and emailed it without it being secure. #doublestandard
government fails the average person,no financial top thief gets jailed. Same for the robo signing fraud.
what happens to those let holding the bag with credit cards
Congress/Kline/Roe trying to rob retirees of their pensions.Composite Legacy bill in committee. Please spread word to stop it!
oh yea then why the hell aren't those that were unethical in jail!!! Be ashamed of yourself for protecting the so called victims
same issue we have with Hillary Clinton..mishandling classified emails. Generals, Sailors are in JAIL for mishandling this info
The law is like a spider web: it condemns a fly to death but it lets birds fly right through.
same analogy-a staffer to corrupt politician would be in jail for deleting and sending classified information !
like a low level gov't employee or military rank would face same for divulging confidential docs? #maga @IngrahamAngle
again you talk but you're still on the street after stealing taxpayers money's.
really? Send out some examples please
and Hillary would face penalties for her actions.  Life's not fair.
I don't understand your logic. He didn't steal from anyone.
thanks for the pressure on Wells Fargo Bank the Chairman is gone !
On onto pressure on drug co profits ! Thank you
You should be running for President, Senator Warren.
stealing?? How about even accidentally given it out? Yep
What about Hilary's lack of accountability and the jail time she should serve? @The_Cobra_Morse @duncanwmurphy
The 5300 employees committed fraud too in order to increase their bonus. Mgmnt problem was incentive design and controls.
Tellers aren't arrested for taking a few $20s. Be honest
And, military member or gov't employee would face that same for what @HillaryClinton has done! #hypocrisy @TeamTrump
#America #NYC @usatoday Because they don't have the immunity you & others in #Congress have stupidly not taken from all #judges
for attempted theft of a single 20:) like war when it's millions merely a statistic (CEO was quoted saying:)
exactly!! We need to hold bank ceos accountable for messing with the finances of millions of people
-Amazing the same can be applied to @HillaryClinton
Ugh! You're so observant...again I ask you, do something of relevance and make it lasting. Academicia shouldn't hold you back.
guess not if their last name was Clinton ....RIGHT????
So you agree that @HillaryClinton should be in jail then? Why should she get away with what a lower ranked person wouldn't?
Steal a buck and you go to jail steal a million and they make you king
just give him immunity and let him delete his hard drive
What's the sentence for fraudulently obtaining a position by impersonating a Native American? Will you return all your pay?
it's why they're outsourcing everything to every 3world country. What you don't see will not hurt you
and an American citizen who mishandled classified info like @HillaryClinton did would be in jail. Can't pick and choose
Because that WOULD be a crime. Incompetence or lack of awareness is NOT a crime Got it @elizabethforma
love to see similar outrage over Hillaries' destruction of evidence, post-subpoena. Why is your outrage reserved for banks only?
true, it's a crime when higher level executives are not held to the same standards/rules
And why do you have to spend millions of dollars on this . It seems pretty cut and dry.
the rich, like Hillary C. Are exempt from the law.
and what of all the managers in Wells Retail? The Branch network + the Business Bank group. They bullied, harassed, threatened!
happy to hear Wells Fargo chief stepped down. Is it enough?
Like I would be in jail if I handle classified information the way Hillary Clinton did.
yep. I was tangentially involved in a bank-teller forgery case: the teller was punished - the bank stalled justice out for years
thank you for your time Mr. Stumpf!  We appreciate your years of service to the company! @WellsFargo #WFC
why no anger over what's uncovered in Wikileaks re: Clinton foundation? You are such a hypocrite.
yes and rightfully so--that would be stealing -- Mr. Stumpf never stole anything!  He made money for shareholders! @WellsFargo
Hillary should be in jail also, go after her.
Same for someone who exposes tons of emails, but not Hillary eh? @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
There's two standards in USA, one for rich, one for the other 99%.
I though you hypocrites didn't want people jailed for non violent offenses?
a soldier would face charges for deleting or transferring classified material yet #Hillary still walks the streets #LockHerUp
Are you suggesting John Stumpf stole cash? Or accusing him of it? Sounds like it.
But a Sec. of State can commit high crimes and get a nomination  for POTUS?    #crookedhillary
and a normal person would face criminal charges and prison for what Hillary Clinton has done.
Not your Beaty HRC though'
the original post by Liz Warren ranks as the obvious pandering to low information voters in the history of Twitter
Again, no they would be fired... Even up to amounts in excess of $2000.00... But the message is important...
what about employees personal responsibility for doing the right thing?? You are going overboard AGAIN!!
How do you get your hand full of twenties back if you ditched Walls Fargo?
Exactlyyyy,So why isn't Hillary in prison yet? She took way more then a bunch of 20's ask the people in Haiti.
that's actually not even accurate. Shouldn't you know something about the law?
These guy like every other in those positions are certified to rob people  and get away whit it just like Donald Trump
How is Hillary Clinton exempt from any accountability for ANY of her actions?? I'm all ears/eyes...do tell
and would Title 18 of the Federal Penal Code apply to an Intelligence officer or private contractor?
Word
What do you get if you steal an election?
anyone other than @HillaryClinton wld be in jail for mishandling confidential info. Liberals are hypocrites.
Such a hypocrite. Why don't you clean your own house before going after others. Looking at you @hillaryclinton
Not if the bank tellers name was Clinton. Would that bank teller's spouse have a private meeting the the AG of the US?
For all crooked Hilary & Bill have done, they both should already b in prison. U sorry Dems have covered up 4 her far too long.
We need you in Aust ! @TurnbullMalcolm
what does a former Secretary of State get for stealing an election?!! #NeverHillary #PodestaLeaks #Demexit #BenedictWarren
@AngryVoters @SenWarren With the help of POTUS.
ANY citizen would be sentenced to prison if Congress subpoenaed you & then you bleached & hammered/destroyed all evidence
#Jail
change it!
http://endingthefed.com/hillarys-camp-freaking-out-as-this-video-goes-viral-no-way-to-stop-it-now.html …
you sold out shilling for hill... ergo zero twitter lovr.
Meanwhile Bankers can create a financial crisis, costing millions of jobs, then be paid bonuses
PerhapsDrumpf& StumpfCanHoldHands&Sing "Kumbaya" fromBehindBars! @LOLGOP #ClintonKaine @ScottNevins #ImWithHer @laureldavilacpa
@brandi_e_hudson and anyone but Hillary Clinton would be in jail for storing classified documents on a private home brewed sever.
I love the "guilty till proven innocent" sentiment. Overblown! Non-prosecutable! Millions spent!
So Lizzy then using your genius ideas, Bill and Hillary would get the Electric Chair, or perhaps Poison injections.
Don't forget those former employees who were fired for not participating in the scheme: should get compensation of some kind.
thank you so much for your work and I used be a teller at wells but now no more
Grand larceny if it's over 200!
so where's the prison time for these people?
Thank you for saying this! Over criminalized America, except for those at the top of the economic food chain.
congratulations. Send him to prison.
@Bernie_Facts twitter is playing games!  I keep blocking you but your sellout ass keeps showing up!
would Hillary?
- The difference? Fraudulent actions made money for Wells Fargo so all was forgiven, until they got caught.
Ironic, isn't it?
Shows how out of touch you are.  MAYBE they would get fired.  On a first instance, probably not even that.
America needs 500 more Warrens in Congress.
Ms. Warren, U are the best @ what u do! Thank U!
and you're telling this in light of what happened to Hillary?

#Idiocracy
not if it was @HillaryClinton or @billclinton
sort of like that sailor who went to prison for mishandling classified info but HRC walks
this really has something to do with HRC getting off, doing something 100x worse than Martha Stewart; jailed for lying once 2 FBI
might face a primary opponent for good sound clips against bankers while supporting the candidate of the 1% we won't forget this.
Yet four decades of felonies has HRC still walking free. Unfair indeed.
Who's going to help change that? Not @HillaryClinton. You should have supported @BernieSanders for president.
a prison sentence for $40? Talk about a broken criminal justice system...
and if a normal person did just one thing that Clinton has done they would be in prison.  There is no justice because of her
@HillaryClinton hired #WellFargo for her Foundation. #Tatiana #NHpolitics #nhsen
Wells Fargo is a major donor & is funding DAPL Shame on u Elizabeth Warren @HillaryClinton
But it's ok when the gov't is the middle man in that robbery?
not to mention the untold #s of underlings that just got fired for doing what was demanded of them
What's your point?  Btw. Tim Kaine had the VP job way before HRC spoke to you. How does that make you feel?
who is running the justice department? Maybe give them a percentage of the stolen money would help?
your average citizen would be in jail for deleting 33000 emails after a subpoena during a federal investigation #CrookedHillary
so where's Clintons sentence?
Hillary Clinton is a traitor to America.

you are a traitor.  She robs the country blind and ignorance is no excuse.  Trump wins in a landslide
Ol Pairvin is quite content to be a democrat lacky slave  in no hurry to leave @TheDemocrats plantation
you're right, here's something in common with dnc officials and bankers, they are both corrupt, they both avoid jail
same with health insurance companies. Something needs to be done senator
And people go to jail for racketeering...people like Hillary
