Of those 481 @SenWarren where was the point of origin from which the infection began? Was it contracted out of country? @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
yes it was in Africa, then South America then it spread to Central America and now to here.
So then, those infected in Continental US were so from individuals who contracted it outside US? @SenWarren @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
yup, so far. Once an infected person here passes it to local mosquitos it will spread.
Given the constraints for local mosquitoes to be viable carriers (ie local not likely to carry malaria)what are odds of the pass?
pretty high I would guess.  Much variation in the mosquitoes and esp. the virus. Natural selection always wins adaptations.
Haven't really followed the issue but from what I've gathered I thought the odds were very low? Worth some more research. Thanks!
I am retired researcher in this area. Best to hit these new pathogens HARD when they first pop up. Ounce of prevention.
Everyday the US doesn't act, more people in Yemen are killed by our "allies" Saudis w/ weapons HRC sold them
We are talking about Zika here.
So the dead and dying should wait until that subject comes up? When will that be?
Bring it up during a conversation related to the topic?
So, when will that be? Or maybe you are fine with it, and a terrible human being.
sorta jumping the gun here aren't you?  You sound unstable.
Because I know facts? Or because I care.
It's been so dry in NH I was going to ask you to do a rain dance. But perhaps you can do a #Zika dance instead?
@tvogvo @SenWarren @SenateGOP #Pocahontas wannabe is a fraud, she can't make it rain
that makes no sense at all.
her full of shit ass claims she is an Indian
You are so eloquent.
And you are not very bright
@Maggyw519 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP How can people who r there by voters do nothing for their people? What is wrong with the GOP??
related:
Seriously, what in hell do you care about pregnant women? If their babies are affected, you'll just gleefully suggest they abort.
that was the senate and house dems all you care about is gun control!
Thank you for fighting for the people Sen. Warren.
Approximately 1500 people die A DAY of cancer, Kids, Moms, Dads & so on. Where's the urgency on tht epidemic
come on goofy we can get Mexico or Brazil to pay for this quit wasting our money
@SenWarren @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
People do have a responsibility to take precautions. I know the democrats can SOLVE ALL our problems. Idiot!
it's called Deep Woods Off! Common sense. But u think we need govt to control everything. #youarenotCherokee
Why are you worried about Zika when you have deaths you can stop from happening and dont.Its called abortion
No the talk about Zika is to work on the Zika problem.  Can't you read?
its like nobody notices or cares about things  until it becomes  personal to them in some way or form.
@Maggyw519 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Not until it starts costing GOP votes and even then they will BLAME OBAMA AND HILLARY
GOP lack of responsibility makes me sick.
CDC says all cases were contracted from visits to South & Central America not home grown. Do your research!
They aren't patriots anymore:  tell them to move to Russia.
Taxpayers pay the salary of rich politicians. They do nothing for us. FIRE THEM In November.
Warren is just another impotent rag on the left that needs flushing! The left has no leaders!! Lmao!
a Democrat pretending to care about an unborn child. Why can't these women just get abortions?
close the borders  all these diseases on the rise by illegals and refugees
@janeface15 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HillaryClinton Friend tells ME that Hillary is EVEN with Trump in Texas~Works in Dallas voting!
@ActDontReact @HouseGOP @SenateGOP thanks pocahontas
@patrick102977 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP besides instead of protection @GOP attached 2 other bills to #Zika funding not Dem friendly
More concerned about women than fighting Islam over here.  Wow.
#Zika remember who will not vote to help our country fight this virus! Do not vote for them in the fall!
lol Elizabeth warren as vp? Lol America is fucked
hopefully all of you liberals will get Zika and herpies!
CDC reports number of cases of #Zika acquired locally within the US is 0.
really? Dems were asked not to add bullshit to request but you all did then blame GOP.
How much are is oligarchy paying u to support Clinton?ambition has diminished ur integrity.Shame on u,you have lost your cred
You're such a fraud and disappointment ,u chose a corrupted oligarchy establishment puppet over an honest representive Bernie.
The very first photos of American #Zika babies, will have everyone blaming everyone but the #GOP
@rich3438 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP What on earth makes you think they care about 481 babies? Don't care about 1000s murdered w/guns.
Put it on the US credit card, doesn't seem to be maxed out yet
We all hope you are not next....
No stupid, it's 3rd world illegals you keep wanting to import.
cdc Obama. Failed policies zika being handed CROOKED LYING CORRUPT Warren November TRUMP PRESIDENT LANDSLIDE
they take nothing seriously
what bill did senate or houseDems bring to the table? Last time I checked they blocked the only bill on the table.
@arln1966 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  REALLY? Then why did the bill die today due to all the nay votes from Dems?  Dems killed the Bill
look it up yourself. The vote was today. Very easy to pull up. All over the news.
481!? What a Pandemic! The sky is falling! The sky is falling!
why do u hate unborn babies & their Mom's? I guess pro-life doesn't mean healthy life @PRyan November VOTE
AND they're supposed to be Pro-Life! #CluelessGOP Come on #AddressTheIssue @SpeakerRyan
Every day fake progressives don't take human suffering seriously. You were supposed to be a solution, not more of the problem.
republicans hate the middle class. They nvr do anything to help anyone without making things harder 4others
Most in US came for free health care. Are we still y'al come since such babies cost $300.000/yr @ at minimum
@SenWarren @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Accept responsibility? They're too busy blaming their farts on the dog.
If it is such an emergency (which it is), then support a bill without funding to Planned Parenthood! #WarrenLies
Your party is the one who refuses to support a bill without Planned Parenthood funding.
it sucks huh? Kinda like when you betrayed progressives to join a neoliberal #Sellout #NeverHillary
I believe the GOP feels that women will be safe if they remain bare foot and in the kitchen. Stuck in 1954
GOP Pass a clean bill for the good of the people. Stop adding in nonsense that won't pass!
No reason for them to play games with this. Their black eye is just continuing to get bigger.
Wow!!! I'm  so disappointed with your lack of maturity at the Hillary rally. You looked like a wild idiot
the GOP introduced a bill while the Dems voted against it!
Republicans' version of #Zika bill included promote Confederate flag, anti-contraception riders & exceptions to clean water laws

@librab103

So Dummy Dems refuse bill to fight Zika!
the other way round. You are confused.
Other way around? Dem has Gov controlled Edu, Med, Food Stamps & Banning guns? Nazi Gov had same
ok Godwin.
Godwin's Law was developed by uneducated geek morons that could not finish a discussion!
ummm when has the GOP took responsibility for ANYTHING or ANYONE??
#GOP want limited government
healthcare is personal responsibility
Why fund #Zika?
Use bugs spray or too bad
the problem is its about helping women and babies not fetuses 2 things they care 0 about #Nolobbyist2paythem
No I wld allow a woman to decide wht she will/will not do wth her body whch fetus is part of
that all you got. LOL
I'm sure you make those around you sick every day they have to out up with and tolerate you and your lies.
Then why did you vote against the bill?
why is this pig on my Twitter still ?
did the GOP vote for it after your sit in last week??
what about all the diseases illegals are bring in? What are you doing about that?
Is their no responsibility on the folks that visited Zika infested areas?
Warren spent her hole life a republican and now says she is a democrat . She is what ever gets her the vote
ya no that not it 4 times the businesses working throu him filed-but he has never filed
And the number of cases in Puerto Rico is seriously unreported due to their poor medical care.
They don't take anything seriously except for protecting their guns and the @NRA #DyingParty
And my deductible keeps growing.. @SenWarren @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
And she loveum pregnant women. And abortions.
