There's always money for war but never money for people. 
you can't keep coal forever she was being honest they have to adapt to the future
everyone can you have to .there is not infinite supply of coal you know
are these the same people Clinton wanted to put out of work.
No thanks to #LyingHillary who feels putting #CoalMiners & #Coal companies #OutOfBusiness. Have you gone after her for this? Nah
Hillary hates miners
Well they can join me with the loss of my health insurance and SS.
hope they  are not coal  miners. The ones the left and especially hillary want put put of business.....
put out *
since when do liberals give 2 shits about miners? YOU DOPES KILLED THE COAL INDUSTRY.  Not for long now.
the future killed coal it can't go on forever
nonsense.
hypocrite,  you don't care , all you care is $
dems and Hillary are the ones responsible for the minors not having any jobs
@KevinDarryl Its sad but it's hard for me to feel sorry for them since they are the ones that voted for this GOP & Trump.
Sorry that Obama and the DNC and many others were to blame dont worry we will put them back to work Warren,
you're a leech
Miners are going back to work
@marleyfurr if Obama didn't put them out of business they would have been OK  jobs money flow equals pensions math101
are they losing their pensions because the @EPA has been killing the coal industry w/ undue regulations?
Lots of people are going to lose their SS because they voted without knowledge and forgot to check the platform of the party
They get what they voted for..
sadly we all get what the voted for. SS and Medicare are in danger
you put them out of work.  Isn't it a little late to fake membership in this group also?
Then they shouldn't have voted for Trump.  @Xxaire
I'm sorry they voted for trump and republicans they will get what they asked for
so much deflection. But no discussion of the actual topic. Very typical of those who don't care about SS and MediCare
There is always more to most every story, but you won't hear the truth from this lady. Her and her ilk are playing you all
You supported a candidate that wanted these miners out of business. Do you not remember?

Pocahontas Warren don't ACT like you give a shit now. 
Your day is coming soon and you will be astounded and gone. Out of office!
So now the Dems care about coal miners? Please
@nhlabor_news Lots of pension theft occurring. https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2016/12/13/globe-mbta-pension-fund-settle-suit-over-release-investment-records/xWHJrWsKrGVGSHxfIxMVAK/story.html … http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-12-13/dallas-police-resignations-soars-insolvent-pension-system-implodes …
so much more to come.sad to say but votes are in. Those who chose this will be hit hard and realization will strike. Pathetic sad
Thanks to the terrible leadership of government
and they were losing their jobs thanks to you dems, Fauxcahontas.
oh you've moved away from blaming @realDonaldTrump for everything? Or are you still a bitter old hag?
well ya regulated them out of a job
1st the railroad pension, now the miner's pension, next federal employee pensions
when has your party ever cared about Minors in recent History, how many minors have you put out of work with your regulations?
Thankfully Hillary wasn't elected or they wouldn't have jobs either.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksIXqxpQNt0 …
Those are the ones @HillaryClinton was going to put out of business right?
Yep and you think Hilary would have stopped this? She loves cole miners right? You are a fake progressive any way, stop pandering
if the prez of these companies would have made the coal clean years ago like asked-they would all still have jobs-keep fighting
that's rich! Now you're trying to help miners!? You've voted for and championed regulations that killed coal industry. #Hypocrite
Reduce your special pensions and health care to fund it.
"Not much" you say, but the total we  borrow cause you blow the budget.
Because your entitlement programs are so vast and go unchecked. Govt wants to keep Americans dependent and controlled. Not so now
Senators and other gov't officials get yuge pensions!
thanks for all you do for the little people.  We need you!!!!!
not much compared to what your going to rake in huh. Too bad we regular Americans can't vote that in for ourselves. Stupid sheep
Actually, natural gas, aka fracking, put miners out of work. Thank your GOP senator / congressman!
What are the options 4 education towards a 21st century job? This is your move, you have the leadership 2 get them #rightskills

Love you Senator Warren your the bomb..
Thanks for doing such a fantastic job.  Please keep telling the Stop  Donald Trumps swamp picks
Thank you for looking out for the average American, as one of the 98%, I truly appreciate it.
the polls were right .. the popular vote was right. he bought it at the highest accounting level. 10 billion will do that.
American sen citizens got no raise last year.03 raise this yr. Then went up on medicare payments.yet it all goes to illg imegs.
Probably didn't expect that when they voted for Trump.
Now U care Lizzy
Lost their jobs due 2 Dems environmental policies in the 1st place.
support our workers! We need to honor the people who are the backbone of America!
Yet many of them still vote Republican, the very group bent on taking it away from them. I don't get it.
You want every miner out of work so sit down Pochahontas you have nothing to say.
your lousy policies have put them in that position. Shame on all you corrupt democrats.
You have failed all the American people with your ever increasing federal debt 20T. Your fellow dems are corrupt and losers.
Pretty sure those 90k miners voted republican and for Trump. You're too kind to help people that don't want to help themselves.
all e oxen dine. you have no rights, meals upon meals. well cunn to the Gitmo, you should no.
I'm not a miner (Dad's dad was and was buried in a cave-in) but 7K is a lot to me.
that total # than 1 salary in congress/year. just pay them. it doesnt even register on the needle its such a small amount.
Let Trump handle it. They're his voters. @TheTylt
That money doesn't disappear, someone takes it, i suspect the ceo.
Not even a good pander. If @HillaryClinton was in office every miner in America would lose their jobs. It would destroy families

I thought you were forcing the shut down of the coal industry..typical Democrat double talk. It's tiring.
#standupforsocialsecurity
I am sorry to say, most of them voted Trump. Let them suffer the losses from the Republicans.
why didn't you run with Hillary?  #Unstoppable
I see you're concerned, why then & how could you ever support HRC?
The state votes GOP and as we all know GOP politicians in the miners state do not give a damn about them.
but they believe their leader. They bought this let them enjoy it.
feel sorry for them and don't forget ss and Medicare are next yes trump (SOB)
I'm sorry you are the target of The Donald trolls. Truly deplorable.
Senator, thank you for your service and for keeping us informed.
Would you also comment on the future of PBGC pensions?
Where were YOU & @SenSanders when Hillary was on the campaign trail saying she was going to shut down the mining industry?
hey pucky & jimbo - Sen Warren has done so much to help even losers like u & u don't even know it?  Go hassle drumpf.
didn't drumpf vow to help the coal miners? Another campaign promise broken.
nasty
hillary wanted to put them out of jobs and democrats cheered, no one cared then.
Conservatives  should choke on their own words and be given only " Bread and Water " for next 2 years. 
That's all most Americans have, if they're lucky.
my husband is one of those retired miners. Please help save their pension and benefits that they worked so hard for.
Proves that DT has no interest in helping the common man and workman that put their lives on the line in that type of work
fuck em they voted for trump let them suffer
And for the record, the Federal Govt can never run out of money.  That's why the repubtards better not touch SS or Medicare!!!
and sadly, they were the ones who voted for the president-elect.
outrageous that the $7k/yr is exactly the tax cut per worker at Carrier. The Art of the Con .@realDonaldTrump strikes again
the coal barons and the Republican Party do not care
So the miners that voted 4 Trump are now needing Dems help? Pity the fools.Maybe instead they can go build that wall they wanted
As a militant Hillary supporter, your #Hypocrisy on this topic is truly stunning
Coal mining was a critical job during WWII; later, Reagan cut their black-lung benefits. My uncle Allen impacted.
I guess it will take some negotiation to save their pension.
@brownlegal can give deal to carrier but not miners?????????
.@SenWarren as one of the few capable representatives of the people, progressives are very excited about seeing and hearing more of you.
YES!! Vote for Trump. Huh! Never saw that comin'.
quit Twitter
Good one.

hahaha. You changed the names! Haha!
Or someone else did.
Either way, funny.
Hahaha!
we can save Wall Street, why no the miners?
NONSENSE how will they lose their pensions?  It was prog socialists that wete killing miners jobs SO how do thry lose them?
why do they need pensions Oh that's right U n Obama shut down the plants using their products Better $70 per HR than a pension
Gutting of social security! http://finance.yahoo.com/news/gop-introduces-plan-to-massively-cut-social-security-222200857.html …
It's a shame they didn't vote for Hillary. She would have protected them.
Then they should receive their pensions and social security.
Actually, 7k a year is a lot when you don't have much to start with.
criminal for employer
voting matters most vote Republican,,sorry but they do
#SolidSentenceStructure
The voters asked for this and they are going to get it.  Good and hard.
@TheDemocrats need to use that as your in, convert voters across aisle. The champion of the little guys when GOP doesn't care.
And how many of those miners believed  Trump's lies...
tell them to check with that charitable Clinton foundation
Thank you for continuing to be a voice for the people.
Yes, Thank you ... Sign petition at http://change.org  asking Electoral College 2 act in D Best interest of USA
there are so many white trash people out there putting you down. Stay strong. You are a fighter
add in the attacks planned on SS and Medicare and it's grim!
They've earned that money!

TY for all that you do. Most of the people that harangue you don't even realize that you are fighting for them.
Congress only cares about eliminating abortion and their own pocket books.
Thank you for fighting for the healthcare they were promised in return for yrs of hard work at the detriment to their own health
But many of them chose to vote against their own welfare and interest as they do election after election. #Republicanssuck
Thought this was about healthcare, not pension? Can you explain why taxpayers are footing the bill?
No, The Orange Shit Stain promised he would protect them, you're not saying he's a liar?
time to see what the#GOP got poor Americans for Xmas. Look -> .  What a great 'thank you' vote them all in to cut your benefits!
Where's Trump, their hero?
Are miners' losses due to Mitch McConnell?
thanks Dizzy what your pension ya know the Golden one? With LIFETIME healthcare? Corrupt hypocrites! Show me your plans!
You are rude like your master!
Trump says they can get along by selling off surplus property or poor performing stocks.
go see ur friend BHO
So you must NOT believe in SCIENCE and are a FAKE billionaire who only cares about your companies bottom line.
Yes. We are. WE will stand up and fight for America, workers, and the planet every time they are put in jeopardy.
looks a lot like what we have now.
they voted for Trump,so fuck em!
DRUMPF PUNKED them....sadU've been PUNKED 
Since when do the dems care about miners, if it was up to Hilldawg they would all be out of work
You are complicit.
what's also a bit sad is that I don't think they realize who is actually fighting for them
trump thought he was helping minors not miners . He does hav a rep with those young teen girls. And yet u still voted 4 him!!!
Hard to feel sorry for them when most of them voted for Trump. @Mommagrubs72
They don't care and they just expect to have #SmallHandsDon swoop in and raise the spector and say done.
@perfumegenius And their SS will begin disappearing as soon as next year.
your democrats are to blame
. Where have you been?  Under a rock!  Pres Obama saved us from a financial crash worse than 1928!
more fake news?
I vote they hold hearings & studies. If it doesn't affect rich people let the free market handle it and scapegoat the miners.
"Fake NEWS ALERT"
why did the GOP not allow the continuation of healthcare for miners beyond the end of this year?
@odeedee
Says Sitting Bullshit Squire Nuts
I get it, that's her Native American name. Very funny.
Gop doesn't care about working class.
When you're living just on Social Security. that $134 a week is a godsend!
wait a minute! You mean GOPers who proclaimed HRC was selling miners down river now refuse to help very same miners? Shocking!
I really feel for them! But you CANT carve out legislation for certain people--most working class are hurting in some way!!
@CNN @FoxNews @steelworkers @realDonaldTrump GOP lies again, only care about rich Are steel workers next. Trump lies, see Carrier
It's a lot of you don't have it...
Where is Donald Trump. Save mining jobs but no pensions after years of hard labor.
Fight Warren!!!
say thank you Obama and you democratic cronies
I'd like to know how many of them voted GOP
Mallinckrodt pharmaceuticals just dissolved their pension as well, I invested payout but a guaranteed $700 a month would be nice
who says u, hollow words coming from a dem
They're getting exactly what they voted for, I say let them have it
suddenly you're concerned about miners&The same SS you Dems nearlyBankrupted by using it 2 make it appear the budget was balanced
You don't realize that was happening with the Bush wars.  Why are people so uninformed?
These people voted against their own self interest.  They did it to themselves, give them what they want.
Is Ryan getting ready to slash SS as well????!!!
they'd have a lot more if YOUR EPA hadn't took their jobs and livlihood away. Sanctimonious!
I would like to see where you are getting your info? I haven't heard @realDonaldTrump say he was getting rid of Social Security
Check out Paul Ryan's plan.  You are going to have to check these things out!  And get involved!
Not much?  You are out of touch.
Maybe they could falsely claim to be Native American . . . #irrelevant #shutyourpiehole
How many of those 90k miners voted for Dump????
why do you care? You have worked hard to screw them out if their jobs.
tell all of the Trumplethinskin voters who just KNEW THE one was going to save their jobs that they PISSED away their votes
THIS RIGHT HERE
you're a good person for working in this topic. Wish we could figure out how to reach this demographic at the polls.
considering your war on coal
coal is going  the way of the way of the dinosaur
thanks to natural gas!
@cnnbrk @ABC @NBCNews @CBSNews Find a Way to Get RID of @realDonaldTrump  and his Cabinet  I can't live with that.
We should remember and point out to them always who was fighting for them despite their foolish Trump votes.  Thank you Elizabeth
