@SenWarren @johnny3Ko
that's the thing, I vote on Public policy. Not propaganda.
No you don't.  You support sex trafficking in Malaysia.
where did I say that I "support sex trafficking in Malaysia"??
You support Hillary.  She supports TPP.  TPP rewards sex traffickers in South East Asia.
and for the record Hillary said she's against the TPP.
Why did she keep it out of the platform?   You can't be this stupid.
"you can't be this stupid" childish insults from someone who's against so many things & people, & LIES about others beliefs
that's why I don't support the Republicans= bigots.
@longhorn12471.  No a chance. You're a liar.
WTF you talking about, boy!
It ONLY prohibits Fed Gov from arbitrarily punishing ANYONE based on THEIR 1st A expression without due process.
Special benefits for one type of religion--permission to discriminate against other Americans.
how is that special rights ??
Some religions should not have power over others exercising their rights.
you mean like Christians forbidding gays to marry? Because that would be a special priveldge
Anything that inconveniences average American in pursuit of their normal rights.
no One should be allowed to discriminate against lgbt community .
or Christians...right? Hmmm...maybe not. Read the bill
how is anyone infringing on the rights of Christians?! You can already marry, no 1 is converting you.
Are really that crazy?!?! What hospital would not treat someone due to their sexuality? Please name an example.
if you do not stand up for all people, eventually, it will come back on you... no one is immune to bullying if we let it slide...
@antipandemonium im sure thats what the founders meant by 'religious freedom'. Ones religious belief trumps all other rights?
What about polygamists? Anti religious freedom and corrupt  Senator. Shame on you for trying to divide  the nation.
All B.C. everyone must support Repugs &discriminations against women &gay rights!Already fought &won!They'll remove!
as we all knew that this man is not for all the people he's so full of himself he lie to get your vote open your eyes people
She doth protest too loudly!
Would #FADA protections #FreeTheDelegates at the #RNC to vote according to their religious beliefs?
I want to liive in AHMERIICA
@_Carja Get a real life Liz. It's about time you did! Maybe take up gardening!
You're being disingenuous! You know that the current laws still won't allow that. You must merely scream before you think.
How?  We really want to know. I keep hearing fear-mongering but I don't know what you mean. Examples please.
Could you tell us what happened to the Clinton funding of Haitti hospital?
@alanilagan so much for progress in the 21st century
we must do everything possible to see that House Republicans do not get re-elected
Read the bible much? Get off it!
I see you like calling names and Senator Warren! Calling these two men weak when you're nothing but a low-life lying want to be
Your betrayal of Liberals cut deeper than anyone else in the party. It hurts to learn that you lack the courage of Bernie .
same sex marriage is a contradiction to our Christian practices. Enough of this liberal degenerate ideology!
@realDonaldTrump Complain to Jesus who warns ALL Homosexuals will face eternal Hell forever.Christians follow Jesus teachings.
the GOP is such a clown act ...
bullshit.
Repugs push this crap!B.C. want 2 be dictators!Everyone do what they say!Not what they do!Please!
@marcylauren How do we as a country keep this from happening? Makes me physically ill to think it could happen
Thank you Elizabeth for fighting for all of our citizens no matter who they love! Keep speaking out. Truth to power.
Freedom of Religion Laws = Freedom of Religious  Persecution!  Go get 'em!
If you don't believe in blood products,stem cells,transplants-you'll be forced to do that procedure-& labeled racist by dems
So you like abortion-do you want to to be forced to do that against your belief or loose your job or be hauled into court?
I'm a nurse-never has a hospital made anyone participate in a procedure that had a conscious or religious objection to until CA
No civilized people can vote GOP.
but you're fine with Feds targeting & discriminating against religion. Specifically traditional marriage supporters. Disgraceful!
Discriminating against LGBTQ community in hospitals would leave them with a serious lack of staff. Just sayin' :)
Since when did you become a progressive? Thought you stood for corruption and voter fraud...
@sean_kierce Those wascally Wepublicans. Nothing but hate; they're not even real people.
.@SenWarren @LGBT_Activist and you discriminate openly and disrespect Native peoples. Delete http://Pocahontas.com  and apologize
@GavinNewsom 
@GavinNewsom 
Yes, we saw that & other ugly planks a few days ago. Don't they ever get tired of rehashing? We do @UniteBlue
@SenWarren
@SenWarren
thx for keeping us informed,the GOP hopes to keep it all behind closed doors. U r the best! #ElizabethWarrenisthebest
I keep asking myself daily, when is the hate going to stop?
some time we think more keep open mind
I add, the GOP #FADA bill could let these same entities discriminate against unmarried heterosexual couples.
Hey it's a free country.
No!
That bill is DISGRACEFUL! I vote NO and my Senator, Harry Reid, will too!
The 2016 platform is absolutely horrifying. The R's have certainly out done themselves this time.
so angry
GOPs = Dumbasses
NEVER VOTE THEIR RACIST AND SEXIST ASSES OUT IN NOVEMBER
we really need to change Senate, Congress and ensure there is another Democrat in the white house in 2016, 2020, 2024 and 2028 :)
Wrong again Pocahontas...how is it you twist every piece of news?
Your lies and hyperbole are the source of hate. Try having an honest debate for once in your life Pocahontas.

.
@staggs8309 outrageous.
we have way more shit to worry about. What planet do politicians live on
this is absurd!
the GOP has to stop trying to move backwards on this issue. It's a battle they're losing.
And that surprised you because? Typical GOP, party of old white men. Vote BLUE
Whst is wrong with them? Do they even understand the concept of fairness and compassion?
Or opposite-sex, multiethnic couples - I've met folks who think my marriage to a black woman is "sinful".
what about the Fire Chief in Atlanta?
We have religious freedom in this country. Deal with it or leave.
doesn't this go against the Constitution?
Dishonest! It is protecting religious rights you religiousaphobe!!seriously when is sell out nb 2 joining you? #SellOutSanders
God created marriage Senator, and there is no such thing as a married same sex couple.
considering you're giving America to the moslems, I'm guessing this will be a non issue you #SimpleMinded cheating bubble girl
that's insane, but not surprising.
typical behavior from the GOP who wants a nation divided
sell out
Raises Establishment Clause issues.
.@SenWarren This is difficult, now pay attention, It's called Religious Liberty and our Nation was founded on this principle.  #VoteonFADA
And unmarried straight couples too!
please stand up to those bull heads
With all the problems this world has why do some people see same-sex marriage as the biggest evil in their little world?
Maybe some day the "trolls" will get a life OR read some actual unbiased books and search for FACTS.  "Bless their hearts..."
shut up crony
just another attempt to look like they're doing something without actually having to do anything. It's almost welfare w/ suits.
land lords do own the home so they have the right
THAT BILL WILL BE OVERTURNED IN 1/20/17 WHEN DEMS RE-TAKE CONTROL OF BOTH HOUSE AND SENATE...NOT TO MENTION POTUS
I agree Elizabeth.  I just wish you were against open immigration from cultures that think it's ok to hang and kill #LGBTQ
straw man
It's the same strategy as they use to undermine women's right to choose: impose constraints to make the rights meaningless.
Veto guaranteed if it even gets that far so just another congressional self-abuse on our dime.
Just their usual religious extremism.
@HillaryClinton didn't want lgbt 2 have gay marriage until 2013, aka-until it was popular majority. I will vote 4 @DrJillStein
For them to even do that it show how petty they are. GOP PARTY NEEDS TO BE VOTED OUT
think they're getting worried about their candidate and trying to shove every hate bill they can through.
TPP so much worse
Wow...YOU are such a LIAR! And People actually belief the trash coming out of your mouth!
well
nooooo
The Supreme Court and nominees are the most crucial thing we should be considering right now. Lives depend on it.
Ok CHIEF, we will get right on that!
Get em Elizabeth! # Clinton Warren 2016 #DealMeIn #Hillary4Equality #RunLikeAGirl #ReadyOnDayOne #Hillary4thewin
@gop You Republicans are not going to get away with this. 4 more months of your BS and then Bye Bye GOP.  Can't wait.
we are,NOT allowing that
WE DON'T NEED TO FOLLOW THEIR STUPID BACKWARD LAWS,WE R POWERFUL LIKE THAT,IF PRACTICE THEN WE R MUPPET,DON'T PARTICIPATE!
Get over it already. People don't like others for all types of various reasons. Are laws going to magically change this? Nope.
Whatever, Elizabeth. You're a fraud.

#JillOrDonald
#DNCDie
H, @HillaryClinton Vagina is Not a qualification. You are Corrupt! You are a Liar! I demand you OUT! Period. #Tatiana
Why don't you step to the plate. You are a follower not a leader
I stand with #Lgbt
