It's an administration made of crooks. Is this a real question?
What is your definition of a crook? Is someone who lied about their heritage for a free education a crook?
No. That hypothetical (fictional) person would not be.
lol...ok. Well, what about someone who rigged a presidential primary? Would they be a crook?
I would say so, yes.
you said Trump's administration is full of crooks. Hillary is a proven crook. Why can't you give him a chance?
Hillary is a crook. That's why I didn't vote for her. Give Don a chance? F*CK THAT! He's a national embarrassment.
you don't think Warren was in on screwing Sanders? Or didn't lie about her heritage? There's your national embarrassment.
uh crooks & Goldman Sachs
that's Hillarys buddies
no look who your guy keeps selecting for his cabinet
You're both right... unfortunately. People forget that Trump was friends with the Clintons.
nothing about his picks are about friendship
And Trump is owned by the Russians.9
well someone's been drinking the mainstream media coolaid Do you ever do any free thinking
Not any more - since a Republican won.
Idiot.   Obama is the cause of this student loan fraud.   Giving false hope to these poor students running up these hugh debts.
@realDonaldTrump Warren what EXACTLY did Obama do to clean the for-profit college industry?
I audited Title IV records for 3 years. Boy do I have stories to tell. Yes they are crooks. Trump is one of them too.
yeah obama admin is perfect. Everything has been great. He's never even TALKED to these 'crooks'. You should try living on earth
Yeah you want the government subsidy education where you can dictate the curriculum, right?
Really?  As if you never profited from a college.  You're a #hypocrite of the worst kind.
the crook of Trump university???it will all be reversed his 1st term
Is it wrong that Teachers profit in salary from the education system?  Shouldn't they be stopped from making money off students?
@GregMercer1 crooks
WTF r u talking about??? Dirty Muslim money is POURING into our colleges, and they're altering curriculum. Stop bullshitting us
Please Really?
TRUMP WILL FIGHT FOR OIL SCHOOL
Hope this admin makes sure they all pay their way as they should
A case for public universities.  There are plenty of excellent schools.
wth did he clean up? College cost WAY MORE ,26% last I , since he took office. I'm going to need YOU to get off the crack pipe.
He wont fight for anyone, his only interest is using the Presidency to increase his business
Easy question.They want to privatize all gov't duties: prisons, public schools, SS, Medicare, P.O. They will do anything for $.
trump is a pathological narcissist with no ideas of his own. his intent seems to be only for $, power and family empire building

Obama fights for Muslims, Hillary for crooks! Trump for Americans
Obama hasn't done squat just like U
Doesn't taking  $350,000.00 to teach a single course make you part of the problem, Fauxahontess?
funny coming from someone who lied about her heritage
I'm betting on the crooks.  Please be ready in four years to knock DT out of the ball park and take over. DO NOT let Hillary run.
It Does Not Matter A Democrat Will Not Hold Office Of #POTUS For 20 Years Or More .. You Are Old Scabby News.. Bank On It
The US does not promote alternative to college?  In Germany they promote apprenticeships which have good salaries.
@KathyNeeds  i don't think so
I agree. He will fight to make himself more powerful and richer!
that is what hevis doing. Giving bones to each of his dogs to keep them on his side
You are killing doing right
crooks
Then you better attack prison for profit too. Wait, all businesses are in it for the money.
um, the next admin is one of the crooks, how can you even waste time asking that question? do you have a deg from Trump U.?
@J0ann3 Rhetorical question?!
thieves band together
Didn't clean up Clinton scam for profit college did he
You live in a $2m home, charge hundreds of thousands to teach a class at Harvard. Pot, meet kettle.
after committing mass fraud wroth his "Trump U" scheme, I highly doubt it.
They're going to dismantle the protections Obama put in place. It's in the House Freedom Caucus list floating around.
Definitely the latter.
Im glad you people LOST.
says the lady who got $400k to teach a single class at Ivy League Harvard
We sure know you fought hard for the crook.
Next administration will support for-profit charter schools at all levels. Doesn't value education, science, or knowledge.
you were saying? 
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/inside-bill-clintons-nearly-18-million-job-as-honorary-chancellor-of-a-for-profit-college/2016/09/05/8496db42-655b-11e6-be4e-23fc4d4d12b4_story.html?client=safari …
and what was your professor salary?
good luck getting a response.
shut up Lieawatha
state universities are for profit. Are you kidding
American universities are pumping out anti-American pathetic victims at an alarming rate.
crooks and more crooks
Puhlease--chancellors getting 6 figure salaries? How is that right? Time for accountability
Worthless as tits on a boar comes to mind when ever you appear
The next Administration ARE of those very same crooks. Or was this a trick question?
tuition grew by nearly 80 percent between August 2008 and August 2013. That is 2x as fast as growth in costs in medical care haha
I think we know the answer to that. Unfortunately
Tells us again about your ancestry? Your credibility will never make it out of bottom of the toilet. Right there with Hillary's.
your attacks are getting old. Start acting like a grownup.
Give me a break. This last adim were all crooks.
ahem..Trump University gives you your answer....

@BoffleSpoffle he ran a crooked university. I dont know. Need time to think about it.
I bet the crooks in the new kleptocracy.
you are a joke.  Had so much respect for you SMH.
Oh you mean like the college that paid BIG BUCKS to Bill Clinton Liz Warren is a fraud, rants against big money but supports Hill
well I'm guessing it's not the students given Trump's choice for education favors charter schools. Truly frightening
Hillary is the only one siding with crooks
you and obama and Hillary are the crooks. Bye bye!
the crooks. We r screwed.
you mean the one where you made $430,000 for teaching and another $100k plus in consulting fees, yeah ok !
Well Liz, come 2020 U can ask them.
of course not.
is this a real question?  Two words: Trump University
Why didn't he try to clean up Public Education, for betterment of students. They too are for profit, using forcibly extracted $.
How about eliminating Unions, that are against taxpayers, in govt. Eliminate tenure, balance in political persuasion in Academia.
Warren, the only thing Leftwingers try to fix, is elections, control of govt, & those things that support your Communistic values
. HRC at State funnels 55 mill to associates of Laureate Ed.. Bill takes 17 mill to "pitch". While speaking against for profits.

The crooks. One of them is set to move into the Oval Office.
YOU ARE SO FULL OF BS IT IS LAUGHABLE. OBAMA HAS DONE NOTHING BUT SCREW TAXPAYERS AND THE POOR.
worked for you in Grafton Ma. Still wear  Warren t shirts.
I am begging you  reduce the tweets.  Send apologie on recent error..
Hey Dizzy Lizzy how about you teach a class for free?? Maybe all you so called intellectuals speaking fees should be for 0 $$
why not fight for student loan %? Corp rates @ 0% for 8y, but we pay 6.8%.  $10 trillion in debt not a penny for us @P0TUS
NO. Get forward to less access to education for ANYONE (not rich). Also, medical care for people like me, gone. I'm terrified.
college shouldn't be free, but the interest rates on student loans is criminal.
Seems like a pretty liberal opinion...
every now and then my inner libtard comes out.
Didn't you get hundreds of thousands to teach one class ? So you profit from something and then speak out against it ?
Speaking of crooks at colleges, how much did you get paid to teach at Harvard?
you haven't  clean up the the financial aide  situation have you.  So who's  getting rich.
You would think Trump U would be a good indication.
hopefully the new admin will get rid of all the crooked, lying senators. you'll be ok............
-- didn't you rake in more than $400,000 teaching one course at Harvard #hypocrite
you're one stupid woman.. It's hard to comprehend how someone would vote for you!!
.@SenWarren @elizabethforma - Maybe if u didn't criticize & oppose every breath @realDonaldTrump takes, he'd listen & do things that u care!
-1 more thing. Students should be allowed to express views from both sides w/o teachers preaching
Yea that's all we need is more people wanting everything for free! Why not get a job to pay for your own education like we use
Obviously they are the crooks.
both
Warren is nuts. LOL.
He fought the crooks in for profit colleges, but didn't fight the crooks in the non-profit colleges.
a sort of leaning towards the crook's
Question is wth are you doing to get raises to those suffering on #SocialSecurity w/no raises for 3 yrs under Obama?
hey Pocahontas tuition has risen each year overall since Obama you globalist swine. #MAGA #TRUMP #POCAHONTAS
remember that time you were paid almost $400,000 to teach one class at Harvard? Wouldn't that put you in cahoots w/ the crooks?
Hell no! He was one of those crooks!
Really, show us the facts to back that up. They have cost us how much? They paid what back?  YEAH, right
Loaded question. Lol
the problem with colleges in general is that the left leaning administrators cannot control their spending #fact
unfortunately state colleges aren't any different
I think we already know the answer.
Crooks always look out for other crooks!
crooks.
@kharyp not if they are the founder of the fraudulent Trump University.
I'm sure we know the answer to that!!
he will fight for students! But he won't fight for you!#pocohontasbecrooked
Trump University says it all. #studentstruggleswillcontinue
Colleges are out of control. Too far left and I'm paying for the indoctrination. Take Harvard... Disgusting tripe they serve.
what exactly has Obama done?
@Marina_Sirtis if you're looking for coloring books and safe spaces in think your out of luck
no
You have a lot of nerve $300k a year for one class fake Indian . You stole a real minority's job.
he's selling his cabinet picks. He scammed America. Which is the most impressive thing I've ever seen. Think about it.
how much has Harvard paid you?
So-called higher education is a farce, altogether. Our nation's history has been replaced by some form of ideological prehistory.
Trump is dismantling every government impediment that stands in the way of more obscene profits for the 1%.
crooks will be richer than their wildest dreams & middle class will b worse off
another terrorist sympathizer. Soon your actions will be illegal and you'll be hanged for treason! Hiring a known terrorist bad
Please help us Senator stand up for the false hope trump continues to talk.
I think we already know the answer to that question
@Marina_Sirtis my money is on crooks. Cant have low income people afford an education and mingle with the elite ranks...
crooks
fighting for Hillary WAS "fighting for a crook", just sayin'...
didn't Bernie's wife bankrupt a college?
he will fight for American students
Netflix CEO looted $2B so far in 5 years and $3.5B debt slapped on balance sheet. FINANCIAL TERROR Extrem
REMEMBER half of the tuition is going towards housing. U's dont bother to find adequate housing once student ends freshman yr
idiot
Yet you had no problem making yourself a huge profit from colleges;  was it 300 or 400K for teaching one course at Harvard?
I think we all know the answer to that one.
I think we already and sadly know the answer to that question.
We are hoping he fights to #draintheswamp and starts with you
@808hopeful I'm betting on the crooks because the new admin doesn't represent the little guys! Instead they've killed democracy!
and how much do you charge to teach a course? #hypocrite #crook
Oh so rhetorical... to the charlatan of Trump "University. "
Chock-full of left wing progressive operatives just like you, deary. That's where they incubate to cause division & strife
actually Mam, Obama has been part of the problem, he is just as much of a corporate butt kisser as the republicans!
It strikes me as almost a rhetorical question
you mean the crooks that Rognel and other not for-profit colleges around the country. They have ripped off or students nonprofits
Who do you think? Take an educated guess.
ur seriously asking this? #TrumpUniversity too bad Obama didn't address the cost of going. renegotiate student debt. or, this

Did you even have to ask that question? Don't you know already? But hope springs eternal, sometimes ...
Probably for the crooks considering he ran one of the worst for-profit "colleges."
good grief.
crooks
The crooks, obviously. #Warren2020
In completely discounting what made American universities the envy of the world, you are coming unraveled. Please get help.
there is much that has been done but many of us are still left in the dust with debt we have nothing to show for.
