you need to step up and lead us. Plan a strategy, recruit activists, be vocal and visible. Announce the "REVOLUTION". Never trump
come on enough is enough. Enciting violence not a good thing and revolution never Trump is ridiculous. Leave it alone
you sound just like the loyalists during the first revolution. We need to throw trump steaks overboard in Boston Harbor!
no you're just wacko and a hater. Trying to be smart
Hater?  Who hates more than Trump and his minions?  I am a patriot you and trump are treasonist, racist traitors!
pls for the love of this county 1. take a civics course 2. Stop believing actors 3. Stop watching biased news.
Biased news?  You undoubtedly watch FOX FAKE NEWS and BriteBart News. FOX has to file for its FCC license as "Entertainment!
Is that your only go 2, because that is just sad?  But typical types of bias assumptions without facts for a #liberal #democrat
He hasn't accumulated wealth by playing by the rules....pretty sure he's not going to start now.  #Noscruples
that is called a guess.  HRC actually took an Oath to serve us, and lied.
So, when he refused to pay subcontractors their agreed-upon bid after the work is done, that's ok
Let me know how settling in court is illegal or has anything to do with someone who lied under OATH
Using the adversarial legal industry to bully people into accepting lower fees because you can bury them in legal fees?!
Guess which administration that law passed under?  Oh the irony!
What law?  The adversarial legal system has been in place since the country's inception....and has its roots in Britain.
the longest and most successful government in the world gives validation
@csommer24 @realDonaldTrump Not only him. His kids need to divest too since they're clearly gonna be all up in WH business.
if you don't know the law Stop Say!ng Stup!d Sh!t
So enlighten us on the law which we are ignorant about.
that is ur responsibility.  Research.  Start with The Federalist Papers & Constitution
I've read many of Hamilton's writings.- read what I http://enjoy.You  accused me- I have nothing to prove
because what you are saying is not supported by either.
ok - you win. I feel as if you would never really take what I believe into consideration.
Feelings and facts are two very distinct categories.
it's up to congress to hold him accountable.
33 congressional hearings and 11 hours of FBI grilling did that
reading your twitter responses didn't realize how many kooks are out there.
and Julie is delusional and clearly misinformed. Sad.
Shut up!!!!! I don't need your opinion. I can think on my own.
Please go away Sen Warren  you are whats wrong with America!
@mymorningval @realDonaldTrump so you expect him to put his money in a blind trust... would you? Prolly not
every modern president before him has. Jimmy Carter even sold his peanut farm.
I suggest you research your view. I think you'll be surprised on just how wrong you are (not about Carter) @BrittanyYma
she really believes she is smarter than the people, have her explain her wealth
you are a poor excuse for a woman
@perrault777 @realDonaldTrump So who is going to make him do it?
Trump issues r overwhelming; TAXES/BLIND TRUST/CONFLICTS OF INTEREST/HACKING/RUSSIA/ASSANGE/O'CARE/PP/LIES/ughh
This is why you are not a lawyer.
Right after you fully disclose your financial interests before, and since, your time in the Senate! Crook!
Warren your vendetta against Trump is getting way to obvious!
Hmmm.....
how many congress critters are NOT millionaires ?
You can't swing a barbed wired baseball bat around congress w/o hitting one...they're everywhere...
billionaires in the cabinet, millionaires in congress fuck everybody else.
"Stuck In The Middle With You" Lyrics? Don't remember that verse.
let's just impeach him.
can't place anything he already owns in blind trust. If he knows it's there it's not blind He has to liquidate all to cash.
which isn't going to happen
He has to get his kids out of D.C.
why?
Because they have NO official positions. Aren't they supposed to be managing his 100s of businesses now?
You feel they should is not based on facts.
In reply to your garbled sentence, I give you the nepotism clause: https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/5/3110 …
I will use Obama to make my case http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/obama-flouting-article-2-section-2-constitution-i-refuse-take-no-answer …  because no rule over rules the Constitution.
this CLOWN thinks he can get away with everything!#lock-donald-trump-up!!
slow motion R coup, weaponization of our Judicial system & unconstitutional legislation w republican officials
he won't. he simply will not.  so, what's the plan? he is inured to public opinion. what is the actual plan here?
People will just give business to Trump's kids in effort to win favors through his kids.
or simply step down as POTUS...
face the fact
A conflict of interest is a meeting on tarmac with FBI while your wifey is on the skids and lied under oath
and his kids and his in-laws. The presidency should be firewalled from their commercial interests
Poroshenko as a Ukraine President/businessman had done exactly this.But public outcry is only getting bigger.
@lurvejennifer @realDonaldTrump Hiawatha you weren't concerned about conflicts of interest with Hillary. Were you?
@ginaholt15 @realDonaldTrump And Senator please hold him to account. The GOP will be furiously trying to rewrite the law.
The chances of that happening are equivalent to me beating Usain Bolt in the 100m. I'm 55 by the way!
if trump liquidates his assets. The Russians will come calling for their money back. Watch Training Day.
Stop Say!ng Stup!d Sh!t
how is it stupid. If he liquidates. He will have to immediately pay his lenders back. Read a book
the law doesn't work like that.  Take law classes.
when he liquidates he will have cash. His lenders will require their money back. The loan will no longer be needed. Duh
Bobby point to 1 original source showing the debt to income ratio?
it has nothing to do with debt ratio. When you liquidate what do you do with the money? And why do you liquidate?
it does if you make the argument for paying off debt
@donnalburnell @realDonaldTrump 
A blind trust won't prevent him from knowing the status of real property assets. He must divest.
of you don't know the law Stop Say!ng Stup!d Sh!t
My law license trumps your anonymity.
clearly from a night school.  Because this is fundemental stuff.
Like the spelling of "fundamental"
yes fat thumb on phones.  You'll live.
@Parker9_ Please subpoena @realDonaldTrump's Tax returns as part of any investigation so we can figure out what's going on!
pls review the law & Stop Say!ng Stup!d Sh!t
You know he thinks the rules don't apply to him right?
which rules?
Stop Say!ng Stup!d Sh!t
And if he doesn't, what then?
GOP congress will be able to blackmail DJT with threats of impeachment over conflicts--unless he becomes GOP puppet
Hope Putin & the GOP pull him in half.
he needs to be eliminated and investigated for treason. WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE?!
if you don't know the law Stop Say!ng Stup!d Sh!t
Lock that orange monkey in prison. #LOCKHIMUP
Y
Where did Warren get all her money?
I'm curious. Do your political donations go up all that much when you tweet things like this? @realDonaldTrump
you're all impotent. This is Trumps America. Get used to it granny.
like the Clinton Crime Cartel did she as SOS? Or like when Haiti donations to CF paid for Chelseas wedding?
yeah, he'll listen to a socialist who thinks she's native. Make yourself useful. Build something.
if he didn't want to divest, he had no biz whatsoever running for POTUS. ALL he needs is an audience..& OPs' $$$
LIke the Clinton foundation did in 2008? go back to Oklahoma, annie okley:)
I am hoping President Trump's FIRST ECECUTIVE ORDER Will be to eradicate the 'emolument' clause!  Cry Ms.Warren!
Please do something to protect our country...
Council has rendered an opinion. Should of given that advice to Queen Hillary and here worldly connections.
psycho warren are your investments in a blind trust I dont know how or why you got elected ur pathetic
when is that press conference @realDonaldTrump promised? @SpeakerRyan not worried about ethics anymore?
And how would you know that?
children have "actual," not "potntial,"' conflictd
Let's say he did that? Would nut bags like yourself go away? (NOPE) Trumps our next pres. Get it or get out.
you'll just find some other bs to go after him for. You're just a horrible person. This country needs unity!
in past corruption in US CONGRESS succeded what rules were in place FAILED.
every member of the government should have to do the same thing
agree
Clinton didn't do it..oh but she's Above the Law
I really wish you would give Mr. Trump a chance. He seems to be doing pretty good so far. Get over it woman.
Suggest you re-read Title 18 Section 208 of the U.S. code. Fauxcohantas, you can read, can't you?
the President has the right to have personal business and presidential business, stop running off at the mouth
and release his taxes.  He is the President Elect,  it should be required.
Hey Liz, how about you do a great service to your country and poison yourself. That would be swell.
if he doesn't impeach him do not let him become president #NotMyPresident
and no family involved across the board
. Does he understand what a blind trust is? I don't think so.
You are nothing more than a bad loser
Trump is President elect, he will play by the rules, and you are a joke.
He is playing everyone he is not releasing taxes so we can see who he really is and remember he lost almost a billion dollars in one year
What I would really like to see is a DNA test to prove Elizabeth Warren's heredity. She really native American?
It goes further than his conflict of interest. His behavior, his appointments – antithetical to our principles.
and ONLY CONGRESS CAN MAKE HIM DO THIS>>>DO UR JOB CONGRESS!!!
Was it a conflict of interest when you were paid $400,000 to teach one class?
Elizabeth Warren NASY BITCH What about HILLARY HAVING A BLIND TRUST????
Corrupt Sorry Looser
he should work for us, not for his personal gain
You are a horrible example of how our elected officials should act. You should be less petty.
YES! President Jimmy Carter sold his Peanut Farm when he was elected! Put the USA first...in front of your EGO!!
his ego will never let him stay out of his businesses
@LFPthree @realDonaldTrump to actually accomplish that would take more than 4 years...
What's good for the Pres. should be good for Senate.  U willing to do the same?
With Ivanka handling the blind trust -he will always know.
I will be praying your bill does not pass!I am tired of your corruption and pray you all are exposed.
he won't, and who didn't know that?
Dems are notorious 4 conflict of interest Pot calling the kettle black
And of course Hill never did that while she was SOS.  This tweet is the reason trump was elected..tired of dble standard dems
Trump is too in debt to divest, owes more than he owns, he+family cannot afford to take office without conflicts
Will u ask press to ask DLT under oath if he spoke/colluded w/ Kremlin in past year?
@jaysjoker @realDonaldTrump Donald TRUMP IS a CONFLICT! He's a TRAITOR! WHY aren't you angry about him being a TRAITOR?
Thank you for sponsoring the bill!  We've got your back!
He won't bcuz IF he is sworn in, hes in charge of every org that he owes $ too & has ever hindered him making $
Are you seriously asking @realDonaldTrump to sell all of his real estate holdings?
He is not mandated to do so but the more this discussed if I were him I wld do nothing just to pi** u Off.
So far he doesn't care what we think.
I know it sucks to lose but DJT won and so didn't Americans chill out chief spreading bull
He will just lie and say he did. He's a lying liar. That's what he does.
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump hmmmmm he already did that. Lmao you crazy loon still trying to undermine him "put on your big [girl] pants"
He did not create a blind trust.
legally dissolved all ties with his company and has a Board running it he cant do anything in it
Not a blind trust. And his children are running it. The same children he wants the highest security clearances for.
its his families company why should all of them need to get out of it because he is president.
Honestly. I get he's your guy, and this debate can go on forever. Because I think it's a complete 1/3
conflict of interest and you obviously don't. And I don't want to debate with you cause I like & appreciate 2/3
seeing your tweets / your perspective. I was only concerned with the facts- ie lack of a blind trust. 3/3
Unfortunately, until he acknowledges what a blind trust actually IS, this seems unlikely.
I hope that happens- what a GOOD THING that would be for the people- she got WAY more votes cast...

Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for what's right and God bless you.
Ms. Warren, this agenda your on is typical of why Hillary lost!Get on with running the country instead vendettas
That will never happen and you know it!
Better solution....Resign!!!
Thank you @SenWarren for fighting for us!
waiting for Sen. Warren to divest and refuse lobbyist perks to avoid conflict of interest.
WAIST OF TIME, YOUR SO DIVISIVE AND HATEFUL. CANT WAIT TO CAST MY VOTE FOR CURT. YOUR USELESS.
Still waiting for them tax returns Donny !!
and NOT run by his kids......
Trump needs to sell everything
Or to resign from the presidency immediately.
Yeah but then he would have to be blind, and blindness is for losers, right?
Would you trust the trustee?
Maybe he could put it all into a "foundation" and take "donations".
@S3nt13ntB31ng @realDonaldTrump or withdraw from being seated as Prez !  #ElectoralCollegeBeBrave
GOP congress will be able to blackmail @realDonaldTrump with threats of impeachment over conflicts--unless he becomes GOP puppet
QUIT HARPING ON TRUMP'S MONEY SICK OF HEARING YOU SAY THE SAME THING YOU SUPPORTED A CORRUPT PERSON HRC
@LindaCollins11 @realDonaldTrump Trump is out to TAKE as much money and power as he can grab. WAKE UP
I hope that's directed toward democrats..treason by GOP not addressed
lets see the taxes
Pres Carter did it for a PEANUT farm!  WTH???
YOU ALL need to enforce the Nepotism law.. NOW! and get on the EC to do their job and we wont have to worry about HIM&WW3
block all of trump's picks for cabinet in senate
your need to let people talk. Stop interrupting! Let the papers write and stop defending trumps behavior! Sad!
WOW. Warren you tooh promise of Money & Power from Hillary to fight for her. Most Dems are Thieves
@Parker9_ Absolutely correct. Even many in press & politicians refer to "potential conflicts." He, his (cont'd)
My continued tweet somehow was not posted, but essentially, press & non-press often refer (continued)
that's never going to happen, he'll do what he wants to, and not a single person we voted for will call him out on it
have you considered introducing this bill in special session with Biden presiding per plan to confirm Merrick Garland in same?
@PRETTYGIRLGG11 @realDonaldTrump ...or he can resign or have a stroke.
RELIEVE HIS CONFLICT OF INTEREST BY RESIGNING THE PRESIDENCY! DEMAND ELECTORS VOTE 4 QUALIFIED LEADER NOT LIAR!
WIKIPEDIA List of United States presidential electors, 2016. DEMAND ELECTORS VOTE 4 A QUALIFIED LEADER NOT LIAR!
give up your millions to the needy and stop talking nonsense,  you're a millionaire too # hypocrite
delay Inauguration investigate Putin/Trump admiration society election tampering,en4orc elimination of conflicts
I'm really not worried. He's a great man in a sea of heathens.
@TriciaHastings3 @realDonaldTrump  I wouldn't my breath. Sad but true.Trump is "blind" to a blind trust. #corruptandfraudulent.
It's gonna be a long 4 years! #DonTheCon #Putinspuppet
Idiot
go get him elizabeth!! No one else is!
@waweru @realDonaldTrump go away
A process which would literally take years to complete—something he would have had to have had forethought about
great advice from a Clinton Foundation - crony Senator
Pocahontas can huff and puff but it will never even get to the senate floor.  There's a New game in town.
@oufenix @realDonaldTrump #impeachtrump #stoptrump #notmypresident
He'll never do it. Will anybody do anything about that?
@burberrybrit13 @realDonaldTrump Which he will NEVER do. So WHAT are you & Dems in govt. going to do about it????
Trump is a God sent..
Go Trump!!! Pocahontas!!! lol
But he's not interested in actually governing. He just wants the attention.
@now7grandkids @realDonaldTrump Keep pushing for him to do just that!!!
Divest lolololololol they will be looting Putin style.
the only way to ensure that Trump has no conflicts of interest is for Electoral College to choose someone else.
@now7grandkids @realDonaldTrump There is no way to separate him from his family so truth is he won't aside from paper
Oh like @HillaryClinton did? If the Dems put effort in the US as they do Trump #MAGA it starts with a leader
So true There are consequences when U do wrong So don't think U that slick & won't pay the price Cuz U will
Warren you and the corrupt dems are  getting term limits. Thank God for Wikileaks that exposed your corruption.
Congress will repeal the estate & gift tax, he will give his business interests to his children - problem solved
Yes, what if he is so far underwater & beholden to foreignbanks? Maybe thats why he refuses to release his taxes
Don't give a shit

Trust u need to protect is Social Security Trust fund.Congress robbed it,#wallstreet wants it
No one cares Liz! Get over it He won! It's ironic a liar like you even dare try and scold Donald, who's Honest!
@sl220 @realDonaldTrump we@need@protection thank u senator this guy is a pontz
You better get to cracking! Trump wants to follow in Putin's footsteps to kleptocracy ASAP!
Thank you,, Senator Warren for moving to protect this Country.
that will not happen without laws consequences
That Is It.
You first Granny
Oh look...@SenWarren is making demands.  Again.   @realDonaldTrump
And the whining continues!!!
He should just resign now. All truth about taxes, conflicts will come out eventually. Save face now, he can't stand judgment.
WARREN SHOULD BE INVESTIGATED FOR FRAUD
u r a dinosaur, please retire or focus on real issues that effect Americans like me...
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump If that's impossible, does Trump have to step down? Or be impeached?
he can't. He owe too much money. That's the con.
really prove it,  show the source...wait U r just repeating what the media told U to think.  Wake up
ehem Clinton foundation was ok?
He'll take care of the deaf & dumb part.
When will Pocahontas divest herself of being a faux Indian and faux Senator?
mind your own business
he knows what to do you'll have to tell him what to do
There is so much debt again them might be hard for anyone  to step in.
His kids r a conflict also another reason he never should been allowed 2 run. Also has too many companies! He won't tho. Thx SenW
#loon#enough said #they obviously let anyone into office #watching you at RNC is worse than watching trump
why not make him sell his empire and only put his money in US Savings Bonds?
Yeah... because that's how democracy works...
Fine. but who is going to make him? All we seem to have is words.
