Do you think the GOP senators care enough to actually do their jobs? THe are too scared of losing w/ @realDonaldTrump
They ARE doing their jobs, they are not required to vote yes, no, or at all
One of the senate's jobs is to confirm SCOTUS candidates. Sentate/GOP #FAIL

Gawd you are a piece of work......
especially when @JeffFlake says they should confirm Garland in lame duck if HRC wins. So intellectually dishonest #DoYourJobs.
give the GOP hell!!!
This is the real tragedy,  GOP has gotten away with not governing for 8 yrs. They are DO NOTHING SLOTHS
do nothing sloths on the taxpayer dime that accuse everyone else of being lazy moochers #mastersofprojection
you go girl!
When HRC wins POTUS, Hope she nominates the most liberal judge on the planet. The GOP are fools.
Why so we can become more of a socialist country that you are trying to create. Vote against judicial appointments
That doesn't jive with their party platform of obstruct Obama, obstruct Obama, obstruct Obama and obstruct Obama!
No.
Trying to deflect after abandoning her "prior" principles thinking she would be VP nominee before being rejected.
We need a clean Bill to fight the Zika virus. They are playing with their own lives, the fools.
yes.. You do that.  See how far you get!
They will vote on the nominees in 2017 . Feb. or after..,
Sure a big Nay vote.  
Go girl!
Powell used private email system. Investigate Powell's private emails. That was when Bush scammed us into the Iraq war
you are a pure evil
.@SenWarren 
1/
Lack of objection = Fait Accompli
hey Pochahantos get stuffed.
say hi to Chuck for us
thank you Senator Warren. Unfortunately most likely you are just slamming into a brick wall.
Stop calling yourself a Native American you liar

I HOPE, I HOPE, I HOPE President @HillaryClinton chooses some1 FAR more PROGRESSIVE after inauguration.
U guys/gals (D's) BETTER take the Senate. Think @BarackObama 's seen OBSTRUCTION? WAIT
Thank you great lady!!!!
do it!!!!  You go girl!
You fraud.
#Thankyou. Your a warrior fo the people of America.
blocking the idiocy of the Democrats is their main job.
I need your help. Please remind the GOP leaders of the urgent and dire need to address the epidemic of gun violence in America.
YOU have not done anything in years in the senate. Now you want something and you expect anybody to care. Priceless!!!
go tell them to do #DoYourJob
Do ur job & help Americans get jobs. Stop the bs already.  We want jobs. We need jobs. Screw ur govt appointments. Americans 1st
YOU should start doing your own job . Useless , corrupt , loudmouth political hack
$15 per hour
more to do: save Social Security, Reduce interest rate on student loans, Equal Pay, Income Inquality, Walmart jobcuts
Crazy Pocahantus!
It's about time! Good luck!
The worst type of politician: Supports a thoroughly discredited ideology for her own gain.
http://tinyurl.com/h5948cs 
NO COMPROMISE on a candidate who will not support gun ownership in this country. NO WAY!
Go get em Senator! Get those lazy old obstructionists off their fat butts! Whup their asses!
Give 'em hell!
you stupid Me hol ath ite I gave the order to take out ISIL.
Biden quote "The president should follow the example of “a majority of his predecessors” & delay naming a replacement"
need consequences, charge them with treason delection of duty, ethics violation, start empeaching these lazy rats.
sounds like GOP wants to talk up discipline on Dems while exempting themselves
Maybe the Senate can do better than the House,  (playing political B.S. trying to punish Dems & impeach head of IRS.)
My hero!!
Give 'em hell Senator!  Stalling the vote is any longer NOT acceptable. #DoYourJob @SenateGOP
How do you reprimand a senator for not doing their job. Once elected it's status quo w/ some senators do nothing. Sad
as soon as you quit and have a press conference admitting you lied about being a Native American. Maybe I'll watch
You mean do what I want or I'll have another sit in pouting session.
Grassleys feet are in cement Now that Trumps moving up GOP are playing the odds
Let the new President to make that call...
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP DO NOT disparage the @Patriots trademark.  You should be ashamed of yourself..you can't come up with your own phrase?
shut up.
OOOOHHHH!!! BOSSY! I bet they'll just HOP TO IT! 
Well get a new justice once TRUMP TAKES OFFICE!
As they say in my neck of the woods.."You go give 'em girl!"
tell Chuck he can come home to stay
OohRah !!  Kick em in the throat !!!  #SemperFi
Could you also tell @TheJusticeDept that perjury is still a crime, even if it's rich, elite, white women that do it?
Lot of work needs to be done:  Epipen, Zika, ITT Tech, Trump University, Citizens united, Louisiana Floods...
...what if *Garbage Disposal Crews* nationwide didn't do their job? Even for just a few weeks? #NoHonorInGOP
They'd rather chastise a meaningful protest by "the other guys" then actually do the job that caused the protest in the 1st place
give them hell baby doll
You gonna fight for your Native brothers and sisters at Standing Rock too or nah?
Tell them to do THEIR and YOUR job regulating HIGH FREQUENCY TRADERS than can destroy America!
good luck it can't be easy dealing with idiots
When's the last time you balanced the budget? @SenWarren @SenateGOP $20 Trillion http://usdebtclock.org 
stupid question sense Congress passes all the spending bills... Cut 50% of the military budget Solved
Well, there's the walk. That's exercise. Might make it worth the effort. #DoYourJob
Ahhh Senator Warren, you're so charmingly naive.  Of course they're not going to vote; that would be doing their job!
do your job and vote up or down on zika funding
Why aren't you out campaigning for Hillary?

"Trump plays on fear instincts of xenophobia, racism & misogyny to bring out worst in all of us, rather than best."
Sic'em!
Thank you, @SenWarren. 
Give 'em hell, Sen. Warren.
saying prayer Senator...Go get them
And do something about Zika w/out involving PP and Confederate Flags...
Go get them Senator Warren..I'll be tuning in and Good Luck.
Yippee...
good luck :)
