stop trying to raise taxes and focus on real problems. Free tuition is not one of them, not even close.
Stick to baseball, Curt. You're out of your league here.
Because you lack the testosterone doesn't mean others do. Save your advice for someone who asks.
Curt-sounds like you're as thin skinned & easily baited as Trump. Testosterone....Really?
Would you believe that?
need independent panel 2 review medical records. Cousin digs and maintains huge garden, does more than many can and is "disabled"
yep, that's me. Can't even adequately explain it bc ppl can't wrap the heads around it. Clear sign of a problem
Put their feet to the fire,just like Rachel did with Kellyanne!!!
- The government should do more research into #smartcontracts and #Blockchain to cut costs, so #insurance can be more efficient.
When can we claim student loans as a severe disability?
There are Americans that have severe disabilities that can no longer & pay student loans because they can no longer work
lazy ppl not WANTING to work &sucking off disability are taking from those who actually NEED it.
I was very fortunate to have a company that stuck with me through all of it. Gladly work hard for them
you're an inspiration and a hero! May I ask how you were disabled?
thank ya. I had a severe bone infection in my foot. They initially tried to save part of the foot but it didn't heal like they
wanted it to. So, they did the below the  knee amputation. Spent a few months in a wheel chair and now I'm up and walking. :)
my kids (2 amazing boys) and I just read your story and the older one said Sir you are amazing 
Guess they'll end up on the streets while tax payers pay multiple residences for trumps & God knows what else they stick us with
What is your source on this? I would like to see it, curious, not saying true or not but never heard about this.
Mrs. Warren why not open up a non profit org to help them. Iam sure people would help
and I'll have to work hard in order to pay when I'm in college bc they won't pay
they changed the law to where when I'm 16 which i will be this march they cut my moms ss and only get my ss which is only 338

Disability in this country is one of the most abused welfare programs @mike_pence @Reince @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump
who are these on social security? Senior citizen? Doubtful. If you didn't put in you don't collect.
define severe. You bleeding hearts liberals have a twisted view of severe. As one with a disability I know severe and not.
well then...help them out with the money you scammed from Harvard pretending to be Native American. Lying sob
yea because they got injured working a shitty job that overworks you because degrees dont guarantee jobs!
most are faking
@kharyp how do we do it?
@WordOnFire @funder @Evan_McMullin @MittRomney @glennbeck or even (loans for disconnected homeless 40yo's) Paying fm SocSecurity
@Pontifex @USCCB PopeFrancis's writings @RNS "Christians who put Ideas before People" Is #PaulRyan 's AynRandism even Christian?
Elizabeth please run in 4 years America needs you
thought disability was one of the bankruptcy exceptions for student loans #confused #debt #studentloanreform
disability is the new permanent welfare, alot jump out their cars run around. States want them.perm to get off state funds on ss
that would be me
that's horrible! Cause most of people on disability in the USA are capable of working. That's what happens when u entitle all
you are the only politician I've ever heard talk so passionately about #studentloan reform. #THANKYOU
If they are native American like you they could get them.
yes that is me totally and I am so afraid of losing the little I get to survive.  If they take my SSD and Medicare I am doomed.
sell that Harley , never seen a hog in the handicap spot
I am a fan of yours, but I hope you understand that Social Security Disability is being abused.  It's the new welfare
so what have you given up?  Why did you allow Lerner, VA boss, etc walk away unscathed with what they did? Do you hear yourself?
So, What have you done about it! Quit whining and do your JOB!
smh
I paid my kids tuition.Liberals should be paying 4 their own kids instead of waiting 4 Gov't 2 take other people's $ to pay 4 it.
Yet we have a nut  case 4 PEOTUS who wants 2 make his profit by reupping nuclear arms? People 1st-trump can go bunk with Putin!
Fauxcahontis, get out your inflated check book & make a donation! I'm sure there is more to the story. Cant afford, dont go!
study the causes of disability and preventative medicine
Not to down play the issue stated but is it fair military pay taxes on student loan repayment incentives and retention bonuses
thems da breaks. If you're so uptight about it, why do you personally pay their bills.
speak with me about the relief that could be given to military members taxed on there incentive that help pay there student loans.
I can't work either - because I don't want to!
If they can't work because of their disability, why are taxpayers footing the bill for college education. Doesn't make sense.
all 387K? Really
.@SenWarren GOP's Christmas message for the poor and sick...
or in my case so disable to work that can't earn work credits therfore denied benefits.
The student loan thing is a national scandal.
I normally support you but I work instead  of applying for disability.  People that are disabled can work - most
SS disability is the biggest joke there is,majority are not disabled or entitled to benifits,you need a good dose of reality
I wonder how many of them were out demonstrating @ $15 per hr for Doris
GOP does not care of taking care of the disabled or they wouldn't have changed Medicaid.
I have a friend who is paralyzed from the waist down and has diabetes and has a full time and a part time job!!!
and I bet most a faking it or are illegal
why is Trump above the law? why are the house and senate allowing him to trample on the Constitution?
: How so? He is not in office yet. He only tweets. How does that affect Constitution?
and many of these are Veterans
I'm w/ you, but don't get it how those folks didn't already pay their student loans. It'd be reviewed in a case by case basis.
Listen Warren, the Democratic House and Senate reps are all on disability. Blame yourselves. Pathetic.
could the disabilities come from poisoned food, water, air, and mandated medicine?
Maybe their student loans wouldn't be so high if professors weren't getting $400,000 to teach one class!
.@SenWarren what disability is preventing them fm work? We have laws that protect them...

...unless they're lazy.
Operative word here 'loans'. It's very different from a gift. Have a #Republican explain it to you.
Maddening that people with only disability but have Obamacare have to pay taxes when they have NO income.
.@SenWarren that's tragic!

How much was your salary as a professor again?

One could argue this is partly your fault.
does that include 4profit #schools taking advantage of #Veterans?  Education  should be tax deductible & SS$ untouchable. #TrumpU
if yr boss didn't put 11mil on food stamps we would have more money  @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls
this is mind boggling. How does a disabled person pay back loan?  Please help!!
Not too disabled to attend school tho.......
Repeal the GPO/WEP
that's me! But this does not matter to the banks! Wells Fargo can steal peoples money by making fake accounts. Tax pair bail outs
Then we should do testing and only allow able body individuals to receive school loans. I couldn't get a home loan not working...
how do you predict future disability?
genetic testing family history behavioral and environmental variables. Probably others as well. Many of these are fraud
what on earth?
But could go to school.
I thought disability meant the debt was cancelled.
America  should  do something.  san
Gov. responsible 4 runaway college costs w ease of money & pushing college when vocational education Wld be best 4 many. Ur FAULT
Sen. Warren you must be confusing the US Government for one that is "of, by and for" the people. That's so yesteryear.
Even more are penalized by higher Medicare Rares with no Social Security increase. Thank Ms Warren.
Life is a struggle, isn't it?
I know that there are many who are truly disabled.  Our neighbor is on SS disability but shovels snow and doesn't want a blower.
but they are able to attend college and I suppose college partys and what not eh burning feather? great new Chief Trump is watchn
you're making a lot of assumptions there
I have so many friends who are #differentlyabled and they go to college to get skills to work again accommodating their needs
most can work but choose not to. I see it daily. People with asthma and other manageable conditions who claim SSI
May U&URs always be blessed with good health & wealth..in case the health part doesn't work out *rolling*  smh @SenWarren
- usury is the disabler.
