.@SenWarren fakes attacks on Fossil Fuel industry.
When she endorses @HillaryClinton she endorses Big Oil. #DemExit #VoteGreen #JillStein
Every single thing u say is blaming someone for something. What do U do?
lies
you are a fool Elizabeth
And what has it done to the environment? Nothing. You can't even prove it. It's theory that has never been proved.
@uncleblabby 
And yet YOU in the government just QUIETLY shoved through more pipeline legislation that Obama signed!
there is nothing wrong with the environment.  Liar

And, unless we elect Democratic majorities to the House AND Senate, they will succeed!
The planet ? What about PEOPLE trying to make a living, who work for companies that are in that arena..?
HOW MANY AIRLINES DO YOU PLAN ON PUTTING OUT OF BUSINESS ? YOU HAVEN'T ATTACKED PLANES FOR POLLUTING THE ATMOSPHERE. WHY NOT?
they also give millions in contributions to the woman you endorsed
My 1965 C10 pickup needs leaded gasoline.  Can you help?
@TomSteyer Fossil fuels made America great! Low cost energy is sustainable.
"Clean Power" is just a ruse for more government control of the economy. An excuse to give us more Solyndra's
you produce air toxins. #lyingliz #highcheekbones
You mean they resist the onerous regs meant to kill the industry here while sending tax $ to construct oil pipelines in Africa?
blah blah blah
Much like you and you claiming You're NATIVE AMERICAN.
Oh please tell us wise chief, how does paying more taxes reduce toxins? And since when is CO2 a toxin?
So I take it the fossil fuel industry did not hire you to be their lawyer like Dow chemical did.
you have to have a warped mindset to say something as bare faced as this. Typical extreme marginally true Twitter showboating.
is this why you support them?
at least the fossil fuel industry never scalped us
Did you return all the donations your campaign received from the fossil fuel industry...??  Didn't think so.  NEXT.....
They have sold their soles to the devil.
You expected otherwise?
Boss Koch, false billionaires at the expense of the planet.
They want to get rid of the EPA.
much less harmful than your attempts to kill of America, Poco!
Did they drill on your reservation Liz?
DUMBO-CRATS! What a LOONEY BUNCH!
why don't we first get the world's largest polluters to catch up to our standards first
If you care about reversing climate change, think seriously about this graph &remember Trump & GOP believe climate change is hoax
So, you'll get Hillary to change her mind on fracking?
Yep. @TomSteyer made billions from fossil fuels. Will you demand he return his dirty profits?
wow you are cool whit glas eys
really people no damage to our environment.U must be taken care of birth to death.Believe what GOP ,BB tells you+unions = monster
#keepitintheground #NoDAPL
#Cannabis #Freedom can help end deforestation, plastic pollution, fracking, dependence on fossil fuels and much more. 

#US
#USA
Depopulation at his best ! We are all in a bankers' lager !
The climate has been changing since fossil fuels were dinosaurs. Explain that with more than "its hotter than it was last year" @SenWarren
And the US is going to fix Mother Earth.R you serious? We will move to solar and windmills gradually and everything will be fine
Warren is right. Big oil has been putting out fake science for decades & fighting every effort for protecting our air & water.
fake science like global warming?
- Rub raw the sores of discontent.
Aww! They just want to make a buck! Who needs clean air anyway?
Dear Straw man argument: The country has been reducing toxins for decades now. Where have you been???
Applaud, appreciate and support Elizabeth Warren. It's been awhile since someone has been willing to step up and do their job.
I think that's trillions
First of all - you hav no plan to reduce air toxins - second you do not hav any alternative energy plan that would work-
you must be thinking of Republicans.
Bush did enough of that getting rid of Clinton laws.
Nuclear power plants only emit water vapor into the air and the democratic party opposes this carbon 0 strategy...
Stop with your hating of gasoline, it's the lifeblood of modern society. Come up with a plan that doesn't make society suffer.
it doesnt have to be a lifeblood
So come up with smart solutions that don't cripple the economy and national security.
I will try.  But there r individuals with more skills and knowledge that r doing exactly what you asked.
the way @SenWarren frames anything is warped and divisive. She acts like society doesn't want fossil fuels.
get off of it Elizabeth ,no global warming God takes care of mother earth
you need to get back to school.
better elect Clinton so she will end fracking.  No wait.  That was Bernie.  Sorry.  #Jill2016
why isn't our gov't actively helping renewable energy companies? Aren't we about American leadership on a global scale?
white man speaking with forked tongue
