rescheduling has nothing to do with decriminalization. You could decriminalize & have justice reform entirely separate
Alcohol Industry is threatened by Marijuana and it's lobbyists are RICH! Congress is BOUGHT! OBVIOUS!
please help with keeping Kratom off of DEA's schedule 1. #IAmKratom
Important to continue research and fighting to get it on the ballots. Public support & education = reclassification
Always been shocked that marijuana was considered a CI drug. I've seen lives destroyed by alcohol & heroin - never cannabis.
HRC announced today that she'll reclassify it if elected. 
It's beyond time! Hope federal laws are changed soon so the VA can prescribe for our Veterans. 
@LindaCollins11 @DEAHQ so we let Big Pharma win again.
@rosadelauro @SenBlumenthal  THANK you for saying what my leaders are not saying! No comments yet!! Sad in CT
dispensaries & card offices look like the street corner we all hung out at in high school. Fail employment screens also
hate2say it but fact #arrests up 4 #pot in #nyc 90% being #minorities this smacks of #racism seems must be more impt work
please stop the madness.Time to legalize & tax!
#TrumpPence16 #JillNotHill #Demexit #BernieOrGreen #NeverHillary #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
too bad you aren't as forceful on this topic as you are with banks
Yes it will help keep drugs away from our kids.
I bet if marijuana was an effective erection medication which also cured male pattern baldness things would be different. @SenWarren @DEAHQ
There is a lot of money to be made for marijuana arrests, unfortunately. Shameful
Big Pharma always gets their way. Always.
Unacceptable! What would you people do if you suffered from an illness marijuana could cure?
they work for us, if we say it's time then it's not their choice
c'mon now already what the problem... Re-classify marijuana!
the DEA wants to keep their jobs that's why they blame weed as a gateway drug. Docs should prescribe it instead of opioids
6 #OpioidAddiction Facts you need to know
http://bit.ly/2bqDdZt 
they wouldn't be able to justify their budget without the war on drugs
Doesn't it start with the FDA? And what are YOU doing about it?
Bad News:  @SenWarren=sell out & hypocrite. Your words mean nothing after endorsing what you used to protest.#JillNotHill
as a free man in a free country please tell me why I can't take any drug I wish? or stop telling us this is a free country
Why would an ENFORCEMENT agency be responsible for drug classification? #notqualified
Certainly appreciate the effort, Senator, thank you for representing the People.
Told you...
I sense the omnipresent hand of Big Pharma and I blame Howard Dean
- DEA action reflects  Pres. B.O.'s view.
It's outrageous! What about uses for cancer and for chemo relief? No medical use?Really?Do they live in the real world?
Good grief. What century is this? DEA still pretending a War on Drugs can be "won"?
I thought our Emperor could just make people do stuff. Disappointing.
aren't the magic words "wrong side of history" just supposed to make anything POTUS doesn't like go away?
Go smoke some peace pipe, Pocahontas.
why does the DEA get to decide when it has an interest in keeping marijuana illegal?
why does the enforcement agency determine medical value? Shouldn't that be up to the FDA?
One thing I can agree with you on.
we need it for medical purposes. What is wrong with DEA
keeping marijuana at schedule 1, once again proving that it's just a jobs program for FBI washouts
the for profit prison industry demands more consumers.
#bigpharma doesn't want marujuana reclassified.
Stupid & harmful to cancer & other chronic disease patients. But let's shell out more corporate welfare!
Big Pharma,ethanol,fossil fuel & plastics industry at work...if marijuana is okayed HEMP is okayed & it has 1000s of uses
This is why the bureaucrats at the DEA need to have their hats handed to them and be replaced by ppl w brains!
don't worry chief spreading bull you can smoke your peace pipe
hurts #bigpharma to legalize medical #marijuana. A substance that can be used and grown by anyone, bad for their profits
Also cures cancer and big pharma will never let it become legal.
the DEA and FDA our working together to stop it.
ironic considering the decision was on same day presidents daughter was videoed smoking pot
And still no protection for federal employees to use medical MJ without fear of termination #shameful
This is absurd! Marijuana is less dangerous than cigarettes and alcohol! But they have the money! It sucks!
But alcohol, which is LITERALLY POISONOUS is legal!  We wouldn't want anyone to get hurt.
was a reason given as to why?
Bunch of jerks! They need to go!
Senator, what will it take to make this happen?
they refuse because "no science".  They suppress ability to conduct science.  Neat trick.. catch 22
@lynntwilly @DEAHQ even advocating for marijuana won't bring progressives back to you. You backed wrong horse. #BringBackBernie
and it proves government is not responding to the wishes of its people
because the DEA profits off of marijuana being illegal. Against their interest
what can you and the members of the senate do to change that
DEAHQ you do what we want not what you want. Somebody needs to be fired
since when is DEA the boss? Someone please tell them the people are the boss
How about changing this then.
it's used by VA to disqualify Veterans from their benefits as well. look into those regulations!
@CdnPolitico @DEAHQ refused? Who's in charge of the police?
De Sschedule not Reschedule Schedule 2 turns industry over to Big Pharma and #Corrupt FDA
Chronic pain, cancer patients, kids with seizures, anxiety....
What would we do without ignorant, corrupt officials
the obviously corrupt and wrong answer
Why is the DEA the cognizant authority?  Their role is enforcement not policy making. Where was the DEA during Prohibition
@HillaryClinton DISINGENUOUS You have POTUS's ear & attention Administrative regulations can be changed by Exec Order #Deschedule
DEA has no business setting policy. They are failures with a proven record of waste and incompetence.
names, who refused.
@tybstar You don't even smoke, you dope.  Go back to destroying white people.
marijuana vs heroin?  Not even close!  Heroin is way better.
too much funding and money at stake.  Every police force in the country would be downsized if it were legal.
their cash cow of marijuana won't stop as long as they are in charge of rescheduling. they would lose a drastic amount of funding
it's frustrating that we're having to fight the same battles. This smells funny (no pun intended)
is that what your grandfather smoked in his peace pipe??
The DEA uses confiscations as a major source of income, and that a big conflict for them to reschedule.
I switched my support from @HillaryClinton to @GovGaryJohnson because of  @DEAHQ decision.  I encourage others to do the same.
and the prison-industrial complex
Sen Warren, it's more about big pharma & alcohol beverage fearing loss of $$$
Boo hiss. Those of us who live with chronic pain & other conditions need this.
you know congress could fix this.
Doesn't the E in DEA mean enforcement? Doesn't  rescheduling have to be done through Congress? #NotMeUs #NoMoreWar #Peace
From what I hear the alcohol lobby has a lot to do with blocking the legalization & taxation of marijuana #NotMeUs
It's about big pharma companies! Again, it boils down to $$$$$
i hate that.  It is NOT a sched 1 narcotic and it is just silly.  I bet if dea kids needed it-they would use it. #epicfail
people like me, who are in pain almost everyday because of intense headaches, will remain in pain because of this.
Agree. Foolish decision for many reasons. What can ordinary people do? Your leadership on this issue would be welcome.
"has no accepted medical use" except for the states and countries that say otherwise #badpolicy
.@SenWarren @DEAHQ Follow the money - especially from alcohol companies.  Corruption knows no bounds. USA is not a free country -
they did this because it Does cure cancer
too much money to be made with it illegal. #GoldenRule
sadly not surprised....they wanna all keep the jobs they have.....they should not have the authority to make those choices
Is this likely to change anytime soon?
- Relax - have a hit.
Bad news for you Senator Spreading Bull.  You wanted more marijuana available for your peace pipe!
we all do fuck brains
Someone needs to put a bar of soap in that Democratic party potty mouth of yours!
I'm not American fuck brains
Pocahontas!
They said the pros don't outweigh the cons...Because Tobacco and Alcohol pros are keeping our citizens healthy (right?)
