Think he'll be donating 2 your campaign/ paying 2 see you speak in the future. Maybe you should 1st ck fake news
It's because America rebuked your party, #Democrats , the #Clintons , and #epicfail #PresidentObama .
...yet Hillary took the big bucks from them!
@bluewire5 @realDonaldTrump @politico why would Trump drain the swamp, it's filled with his temporary frogs.
um you're confused, that was Hillary.  You know, the one u didn't get picked to be VP for!
Isn't that stock market a forward looking instrument? I guess they feel better times are coming.
NO Because this country is HAPPY and we FINALLY HAVE SOMETHING TO HOPE FOR ! WAKE UP!
correct me if I'm wrong but didn't Wall Street support Hillary Clinton.#millionstoclintonfoundation
fairly common knowledge that the Democratic party is by far the largest recipient of funds from Wall Street.
.@SenWarren   Hillary got 70 Million from Wall St while bank CEOs forbade anyone from supporting @realDonaldTrump. Why is that?
The appointment of General Flynn and Jeff Sessions threaten to destroy the moral fabric of this country. You must oppose them.
Why weren't you worried about the moral fabric being attacked by the left for the last 8 years?
Are you that ignorant? Business will bring back cash and jobs. You been smoking that peace pipe again?
any1 ever tell u being "busy-body" is hateful? It also fosters hate  from others. Guessing u have no intentions of future office
they would of celebrated Hillary also- it's called, the illusion of choice- win, win for them, we lose
You mean the Wall St who so generously funded Bill and Hillary's speeches.
No.  It's because you're not there. America rebuked everything the #Democratic #Party stands for.
donations say more than lying politicians. Those donations were in #crookedhillary basket
Hillary just went behind closed doors to put together shady deals with bankers. 

This will be real change
MAGA
you are basically clueless as a Democrat to attempt to say @realDonaldTrump has closer ties to WS than Dems. SMH
Funny, Tilson said I’ve donated money to her, attended her events, and did everything in my power to stop Trump,
interesting and important, but where were you on expansion of warrant powers (Rule 41)?
you backed a wall street workers dream
get over it and mind your own business. Your buddy Hillary got crushed and you are as much of a liar as she is
And you think it wouldn't have been this way in Hillary's White House? Come on, Liz! You know better!
no, BC they know he will grow the American economy and repair the deflated democratic version to 4%GDP
well its not like they have to worry about someone like you actually seeing them prosecuted...
BC they know our country will now grow again . Good Lord that so easy! U r not good at Twitter r u?
@jodotcom @realDonaldTrump @politico cmon. Hes all about the forgotten masses. 

Are those same bankers that were paying HRC huge $$ for speeches,influence and that bankrolled her campaign?Same people you used?
..and yet 'he' was not the one having closed-door speeches with Wall Street & being paid millions.

 #WithHer #hypocrites
Why did Hillary get $50 million in campaign contributions from investment bankers? Liar!!! #Pocahontas
and an American nightmare
cause these bozos are gone.
used to respect you but do you have any idea how crazy you're looking? Wow.
Seems you backed wall streets candidate.  Market was oversold.  Won't hold up long
Or because he won't swamp businesses with unnecessary regulations and burdensome taxes??
you are good entertainment! I could use a good laugh! @realDonaldTrump
was supporting @HillaryClinton who took THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS IN SPEAKING FEES FROM WALL ST @realDonaldTrump
but who supported Hillary? Wall St. and you, remember the rallies?
And Obama's administration did not?
no kidding. What did any reasonable person think would happen.
Stop. You're embarrassing. Go home. You lost. @Sanddragger @realDonaldTrump
Then why did Wall Street give Hillary  MILLIONS  but not one cent to Trump ??? @politico
@Sanddragger @realDonaldTrump @politico liberals had a good run, but the truth is out, you are the party of treason racism & hate
@Sanddragger @realDonaldTrump @politico liberals show their true ignorance and non-knowledge of their own people
@Sanddragger @realDonaldTrump @politico fact that u fight a majority that wanna make America great speaks a lot abt U Pocahontas
@Sanddragger @realDonaldTrump do you ever get tired of putting your careers and greed ahead of America and your people Pocahontas
exactly
So much for shaking up Washington.  Looks like more of the GOP bs.  Pull out all the stops on these crooks.
@MAHAMOSA @realDonaldTrump @politico 

Democrats wrong move, HRC.
Time to hit reset.
What do we do now??
Absolutely! Dear Trump Voter, You've been suckered:
@Patrick_Nyeh @realDonaldTrump @politico Umm no. Because businesses wil grow and invest. This is how JOBS are created. JOBS
Because he's "Drainin' the damn SWAMP!!!  Lol 
Coming from someone who sold out for a VP position she was never offered. Thanks, Ephialtes. #FeelTheBern
Hahahahahaha! Says the wannabe VP of Wall Street Hillary!! You're a piece of work.
- Because they are about to get another repatriation holiday! Screw the ppl all over again! No clue!
I'm sure you didn't take issue with wall street selecting all of Obamas cabinet. Cant hide from Wikileaks
If you know if a better person or persons then make suggestions. Trump said he is willing to work w Democrats
sounds like the plan all a long.
What was that Lizzie? http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/06/surprise-elizabeth-warren-donors-include-people-represent-wall-street/ …
Yet your buddy Bernie is willing to praise him and bend over for him. #Hypocrites
Thanks for your old, tired, stale comments.

Now go back to servicing George Soros and stop bothering us.
Wow, she's got some real problems. Gonna be nippin' at Trump's feet daily.
@lancewiggs @realDonaldTrump @politico but Sen Warren you didn't listen.
#bankexit #StandWithStandingRock
he doesn't need Wall Street, he's got his own money
the asshole is gonna take care of his boys and the rich
I'm going to unfollow you. All you do is complain.
Lower my taxes? Help me pay for kids college? Eliminate Mass Pike Tolls - you talk a big game - zero results!
Ms. Warren don't you ever get sick of yourself and bemoaning everything not done according to you!
Seriously name (3) things (concrete & direct)  the Dems have done to help middle class Americans in past 30 years.
And Romney, who only showed two years of his taxes is starting to look good? In such deep sh..!
so many duped ppl. What flavor is the koolaid?
-- full of narcissism and a chance to manipulate an imbecile!!
It's hoped our growth prevails to drum out the noise from the far left. False economy today.
With Liz Warren tweeting her opinions about DJT who needs biased CNN & MSNBC?
it is truly sickening. Greed, corruption, oppression of everyone who isn't a white guy. Bad karma guys
.@SenWarren So Obama was punished for not prosecuting Wall Street by a succeeding president who will give Wall Street everything it wants?
Maybe they're celebrating because this dead, 8-year economy might actually get going!
MAFIA GUYS &KKK READY TO SQUEEZE US DRY
Millionaires unite.
Donald's recession could equal the Great Depression.
you are entirely ignorant or worse just plain hate capitalism,probably the latter as you've only shown socialism
He hasn't announced his administration yet. Liar.
To be honest, the financial industry would have been happy no matter who won the election.
@MelBchREALTOR @realDonaldTrump @politico Wall Street was rallied the day after the Trump VICTORY and hasn' t stopped since!
leaving out the word "wet" = classy
get them Senator!
Keep attacking TrumpMayb you'll loose evenMore house,senate, & legislatures seats& governorshipsin2018
U Libs use Wall St as an excuse punching bag 2 hide YR FAILURES @KELLYANNEPOLLS
@KellyannePolls WHEN wall st doesn't do well NY LIBS WHINE ABT NOT ENUF TAX MONEY COMING IN 
Also known as an Investors or #CitizensNightmare!
#Trump
 criminal  supporter. @realDonaldTrump @politico
y don't u ask yr hero Hillary that ? She TOOK MILLIONS FRM WALL STREET HYPOCRITE @@KELLYANNEPOLLS
They r celebrating because will have healthy Regs. Not the strangling reg. Crap you pushed.
Another weasel from WallStreet. What ever happen to the 9 bankers that the FBI was looking into?
look how little people these wall street boys look.
just like Obamas so shut up, you have no room to talk shit
Not at all. Americans now have hope and gains! Retire and go home! Your so crazy! 
this should def benefit the rust belt he was fighting so hard for.
is this what people voted for that's deplorable
Warren would rather have Organized Crime run the economy & country for personal gain & screw the Ppl!

u should head to NC. U could put out the wild fires with all your tears. Keep spreading the hate.
Hillary's would have been twice as bad and you supported her.  Hypocrite much?  Donald will bridge your divide.
because our economy will be stronger than ever! Try to unite, you call us bigots, look in the mirror
Here we go, huh? Back to recession mode 2008 again? Rogue Wall Street?
they understand money, politicians do not
this is another Great Recession preparing to come...Brace for impact!
the poor and the middle class that voted for trump have lost
Trump supporters didn't want an ELITE with Wall Street ties, so they elected a billionaire!
Illinois Pension Funding Ratio Sinks To 37.6% As Unfunded Liabilities Surge $130 Billion http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-16/illinois-pension-funding-sinks-376-unfunded-liability-surges-130B …
Illinois Pension Funding Ratio Sinks To 37.6% As Unfunded Liabilities Surge To $130 Billion

Illinois Pension Funding Ratio Sinks To 37.6% As Unfunded Liabilities Surge $130 Billion http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-16/illinois-pension-funding-sinks-376-unfunded-liability-surges-130B …
i knew we were in trouble when Warren Buffett, after berating Trump on taxes, etc was one of first to say, "give him a chance."
FRAUD WARREN SCREAMING WHAT?NETFLIX $60B+ LOOT PONZI SCHEME BY GOLDMAN SACHS/MARY JO WHITE/OBAMA GANG AT DOJ/FBI
FRAUD WARREN SCREAMING WHAT?NETFLIX $60B+ LOOT PONZI SCHEME BY GOLDMAN SACHS/MARY JO WHITE/OBAMA GANG AT DOJ/FBI
trump said Wall Street/bankers would celebrate if Hillary won,looks who's celebrating since trump won
NETFLIX $60B+ LOOT PONZI SCHEME LED BY MARY JO WHITE/GOLDMANS SACHS GANG(U R LIAR TOO)
please tweet and post on FB one thing each day that individuals can do that day to help. Calls, donations, etc.
Can we say an  Hrc Admin would've looked like an Investigators?
so out of touch. Why did wall Street support killery then?
thats interesting, the DOW drastically dropped twice when they thought he'd be President.
Cause we no he will grow our economy & actually do what he says unlike ur pal! Go Home Sourpuss!
either that or now they don't have to bribe the Prez.?
Says the person that endorsed & campaigned for #CrookedHillary whose pocket was lined by Wall Street.
Don the con. Hope his marks are happy.
@Rosie3312000 I think the suicide rate will be going up I'm on disability make crap I might just join the rate trump as Pres.
God speed Sen.Warren Please fight for Our GREAT NATION! Your a Voice of true America
How can you say that with a straight face after 8 years of Obama income inequality?
@ NomikiKonst @ninaturner Dems keep provng they're led by snakes & liars.Must be purged frm top or be irrelevant
elections have consequences...
Nope! Because we now have growth. After Democrats ruined our Country!
@cnn Let the LIES NOW come from Lizzy Warren. Keep pumping propaganda, it will lead to another Republican TERM!
TIME TO TACKLE MEDIA & BRING-THEM-TO-HEEL,UNDER TRUMP, FOR ALL THE LIES, FABRICATIONS & TOTALLY BIASED COVERAGE OF NEWS & POLLS
They literally make me sick.
this will create jobs and wealth for the middle class I swear! Give it a chance just this once more!
let's just see if eliminating the carried interest loophole is another broken promise
These are the people who showed up at HRC's $325k per person fundraising dinners that Warren supprtd.
Except they aren't new at all - they're establishment, just like him. Cronyism is alive&well in DC.
did any Democrat expect any less
Why? This might be a reason:
Yet the Dimmycrats prepare to do what they do best -- CAVE IN.
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2016/11/schumer-and-pelosi-have-a-plan-to-make-trump-popular.html …
What you you so outraged about?  You made a ton of money flipping houses. Pocohantas?  free tuition?
Warren endorsed a candidate, HRC, who was the darling of Wall Street and Goldman Sachs. No credibility
it also looks like a kkk reunion
How much did you and your hubby make flipping houses back in the crash????
What a phony you are Lizzy
The investment bankers dream girl (ughh!) lost!
u werent crying when Wall Street Booming under obama from ur $2 Million home  @realDonaldTrump
Since taking office what have you done to advance the plight of Native Americans?
Maybe so, but remember, Obama didn't do much better either when it comes to that part of the government.
if it had crashed you'd be bitchin about that even more! He can't win with you people!
OH PLEASE, STOP with your hypocrisy! The investment bankers ALL supported Hillary! Wall St. only cares about WINNERS & #Trump 1!
You were paid 300K to teach one class at Harvard...yet you complain about high tuition cost
Hypocrite
Warren you look like an American's nightmare. Now nasty woman with nasty feet  get lost!@
what a hypocrite u r. Wall Street? Really u backed crooked Hillary & u complain bout Wall Street?   Get over it Pocahontas! #maga
because we will driving the economy! VS entitlements and taxes!

.Why
did Fox news dismiss Most of Americans by calling everyone inbetween LA and NYC "FLYOVER"?
Yes Mrs. Warren, you certainly have the "pulse" of the people? Trump to forego his 400K Prez salary. You?

Democrats must block efforts to stop regulations. Send alerts when email and phone support necessary.
Check out our hilarious new coffee table book on Donald Trump! https://igg.me/at/donaldtrumpbook/x/15472329 …
Bankers win when economy tanks.
Wallstreet's favorite was not Hillary Clinton?With your ultra-left group,You, Soros,Obama,Hillary etc.
Which is ironic since they won't loan Trump money
So much for making America great for everyone
because he will create jobs, support industries and undo bad trade deals.  Wall St knows this. Do u?
"undo bad trade deals" ? Are you in 2nd grade?
sore loser
Winning is so much fun isn't it?
Hehe it sure is
"undo bad trade deals" hahahah
Love that condescending liberal attitude!
you think losing would temper that but no the arrogance is boundless
How bout pick a day & do a run on Wallstreet....everyone sells. We are not without leverage here.
....and so it begins...Making America Great Again
IT does not matter, they can't take the money with them when they die!  Circular of greed and hoarding!
Can you honestly say that one can go to a bank and withdraw $1 billion dollars today?
