Why do you LIE? Everyone knows Hardee's & CarlJr are mainly FRANCHISES. You know, Mom & Pop stores!! You are attacking SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS
.@dreamwriter9 @SenWarren @Hardees @CarlsJr Pudzer loves automation and machines. Fewer workers = More $
Also more leisure time. Industrial Revolution brought great literacy to common workers.
.@dreamwriter9 they have more leisure time because they have more free time? At work or at home?
No, the workers replaced are like the buggy whip makers. Adapt or become obsolete. Teach our children to learn skills.
.@dreamwriter9 ok. so w/o fast food jobs people go to college? get an education?
If schools taught people the value of work and skills instead of the impossible long shot of a NBA or NFL then good.
.@dreamwriter9 sure, but they don't and Republican policies have made that even harder to implement
How much do you make a year again?
. . and how much did Harvard pay cafeteria workers?  How many unpaid "interns" worked for HRC?
.@808to818 @AmericanMan019 @SenWarren What point is this supposed to make?
If you didn't know, Warren was a prof at Harvard Law.
.@808to818 @AmericanMan019 @SenWarren And?
If you don't get it that's your problem.
what does that have to do with what she said. She wasn't in charge of $ at Harvard
You never created one job Elizabeth!  You live off the government hind tit Pocahontas!
calling her Pocahontas is just idiotic.
it's idiotic for Pocahontas to think she can speak with authority on what it takes to creat jobs
.@Away500 calling her pocahontas is ignorant and stupid
https://electoralcollegepetition.com/#gs.42MUhzU 
FOOLS!! UNPATRIOTIC!!!
disgusting witch
Fortune magazine years go claimed that if you're no doing that you're not one of us.
@realDonaldTrump "Professor" Warren took $350 Thousand to "Teach"one course.  Working families paid.
not true
PREVENT A TRUMP ADNINISTRATION. PUBLICLY SUPPORT ELECTORS TO UPHOLD CONSTITUTIONAL MANDATE TO PREVENT AN UNFIT DEMAGOGUE 12/19
have you heard of the constitution?
more fake news from Warren
Like most men running a business
But that's what ALL biz people do.
and you got rich squeezing the citizens of this country
#boycottHardies #boycottCarlsJr let him know how we feel about his business policies
All she does is talk. No action, no courage, no leadership.
Sounds like Trump
um ..... Obama has a huge approval rating right now. Trump does not
Trump has the lowest approval rating  any President-elect in history. Obama has one of the  highest!
@jjmikemThere Donald Trump, as Gallup has found that the president-elect is the least popular
If you didn't work for him, you don't know that.
Is Hardee's still in business, long gone in Michigan?
Lie.
no it's actually true... So there's that..
Senator they got rich investing in the company and selling products customers want. Try it sometime, capitalism
That's why Trump loves him.
they are all pond scum.  tRump and all of his minions.
US REAL AMERICANS know RACISTFASCISTRUMP will not have a 2nd term...now we work on his impeachment
I admire you so much and I point to you as role model for my girls. Thank you for all you do and your fire.
That's a terrible roll model. She's a liar and a cheat. Why not a real woman like @KellyannePolls
works for a man I find repulsive and who tries to make him seem good
Senator warren is a loudmouth. Not a hard worker? Are you in college debt? She made over 400k a year! She's a hypocrite!!!
Is it because it's a woman that's loud? Idc how much money she makes I care
How many jobs have YOU created, Pocahontas?
Trump won. He gets to pick the people you don't like. Ha ha
| @SenWarren The folks who will be hurt the worst by DJT will defend him the most. Sad.
Just more liberal gloom and doom. Ha ha
No, not liberal doom and gloom. It's an educated opinion. People tell you who they are. Believe them. @Hardees @CarlsJr @SenWarren
what have you run? Gov groups that sit on their thumbs and regurgitate the same 'policies'? Nice
what a WHINER!!!
maybe so, but he never pretended he was a native American to get people to buy burgers now did he?
and how did you get rich?
you Democrats wouldn't know a decent person if u met one. You people are awful
Fast food jobs are supposed to pay low wages, not meant to support a family.Dems chased high pay jobs out of US
please run for president. You're our best shot at ending this madness!
When yoy go out in the real world and get a job, lets see how you fare, since you cant lie about your heritage
@CarrollDems @Hardees @CarlsJr The offensive ads Puzder  runs is exactly why I will NOT buy anything from Hardee's
.@SenWarren @Hardees @CarlsJr  Carl's Jr. has a long history of opposition to equal rights for LGBT and being against reproductive choice.
carls jr supports operation rescue, a seriously sick forced gestation group.
And now 3 Goldman-Sachs hucksters on Trump's team.  We're in trouble, folks.
@mediccaptfm @Hardees @CarlsJr Sounds like my 1st job decades ago. Too bad workers haven't come farther by now.
These men Or Job creators" forget that without the "workers" they would not have wealth.
holy cow, these entry level jobs designed for high schoolers are what they are, low skilled jobs, not careers
And now fast food outlets will just automate. Workers no longer have entry level jobs, they have no jobs at all.
I never saw that, and I worked for the corporate department from the time he started.
You got rich lyin about your heritage. Native American, you insult them with that lie.

he seems so nice otherwise https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/246487  @Hardees @CarlsJr
NOT where our Future needs to go! He wants robots! Not Jobs! Almost as if Trump Challenges Electoral college!!!
Says someone who made a career as a parasite on taxpayers.  #TermLimitsNow
so Elizabeth, what was the name of the company you ran in the private sector that makes you an expert?
why are the Dems silent on all these appalling appointments? The silence is deafening! @sendurbin #resist
#oTrumpPantsOnFire  Whos worse Pruitt or Puzder?
and your silence while H.Reid kept 400 + job bills, from a Senate vote kept AMERICANS out of jobs!
Who in right mind wants flip hamb to support family. Where beginrs get exp...get REAL!!--GO BURY YOUR Head!
Clearly a big believer in slave labor.
By-the-by; How many people have YOU provided jobs for?
2/2 Instead of holding their hands out for "free" stuff.
1/2 Must be a good and fair man if you disapprove of him. Must have helped people hold their heads up.
Pres GWB these jobs sucked, Pres BHO "people have jobs"  Pres DT they are sucky jobs again? come on!
why in the hell would I want to pay a 16 or 18 y/o with no exp, $15 per hour?
Did he use fraud to get ahead on his resume? Application?
Warren 2020. We love you!!
@davyd18 Labor Exploiting Employers do not pay workers enough to survive, expecting taxpayers to pay for assistance programs.
@fightfor15 @Hardees @CarlsJr it will take a lot more then a few "progressive" tweets for people to respect you as they once did
Big Chief Warren sends mad smoke signal about man who actually provides thousands of jobs.
Oh no, Chief #fauxcahontas is heap big outraged.
What are dems going to do apart from tweets and talk? What about referring pop vote to SC?
not only that!
Are the American workers who voted for @realDonaldTrump getting the message? Unfortunately, I think not.
Dems better #SlowWalk this administration & brush up on their #obstruction skills. Drop the "common ground" theme.  #BeAssholes
How many burgers does it take to become a cabinet member? Didn't Trump criticize "pay to play" government?
oh man someone got rich operating a company. How dare them..lol
and @hardees were going out of business when he took over, which would have meant no jobs.
@pinnovation @Hardees @CarlsJr driving less than living wage, leading to need for govt programs that  subsidize Corp profits.
Good bye 15.00 wage. Very sad.
no more Hardee's or Carl's Jr. for all
You should've supported Hillary right from the beginning
not to mention his disgusting commercials.#
Easier to clock-in and complain? Make no effort to expand your horizons?

Be ambitious! Don't settle folks!
Why don't people find another job if they don't like the fast food industry?
Be a little ambitious, people!
Well Trump got by not paying workers or taxes.
As well you might, as a kid, growing up with that name
Bonus: Healthy food and great farm practices.  As if.
My first real job was Hardee's when I was 14. They helped me learn work ethic and provided valuable experience.
If businesses won't pay a living wage, America can't be great, period.
And HIGHLY offensive sexual dominated commercials
@MAHAMOSA @Hardees @CarlsJr 

Nobody cares what you have to say.  You're full of it just like the rest of the democraps.
well, I doubt he's the only one
time for a boycott.
These are the jobs @realDonaldTrump is offering American workers. Welcome to Pottersville, folks!
I'm sure he squeezed a few other things too!  This whole #TrumpTransition is making me physically ill! #Resist
@Auld_Phart @Hardees @CarlsJr Happens everywhere in so called 1st world. Capitalism doesn't work unless you are top of the hill
@BernieSanders @RBReich Puzder & Pruitt better not pass confirmation. Horrible, insensitive , slap in the face picks to Americans
Gonna go buy me Carl's Jr Bacon Cheese Burger! Saw Warren there last week. #Hippocrite #RealIndiansEatBeef
then please help us get HRC in office #resist #InvestigateTheVote
so your vision for working people is minimum wage! lol

@Hardees @CarlsJr
It's called PRODUCTIVITY IMPROVEMENT!! Bet you liberal politicians never heard of it!!
SEIU can start many franchises for the money they've spent protesting and set the example on pay and management
Charles Blow has it right. Cabinet of "fat cats" and "mad dog" generals. Vultures and hawks! Stop the nonsense!
@Margoandhow @Hardees @CarlsJr / I certainly don't eat there ugh!!
#Warren...provided jobs, have you?
don't know about you but I can live without Hardee's food - probably live longer
What a SLEAZEBAG DEMOCRAT BIG LEAGUE DONOR TO CLINTON
He's employed way more people than you. What's your beef? You sound petulant.
so funny,  watching  the rwnj grasp at straws. While herr Drumpf breaks the camel's back. Delusion is reality.
wonder if employees know they can file complaints with Labor Board If they are owed overtime or back pay?
@puppymnkey @Hardees @CarlsJr. I've never eaten at a Hardees or CarlsJr and  I never intend to.
It was so you could have a cheap burger. Ha ha. Replace those unhappy burger workers with robots.
It's already happening. Computerized ordering in more places.
That's what you get for supporting #CrookedHillary #DeleteYourAccount
you got rich by lying
@LOLGOP #TransactionalPresident #TransactionalWhitehouse
Trump MAY be exempt from conflict of interest laws as president, but do his croney nominees for his cabinet know they won't be
@puppymnkey @Hardees @CarlsJr And BEAT UP HS ex wife, Cherry on top 
@LOLGOP The burden of  wage inequality is born by workers, benefits CEO'S in search of that jumbo trophy salary.
and you got rich off of taxpayers hard working money while you line you pockets from lobbyists
using excused insider trading, how much has your net worth increased since joining the senate?
Trump ran his campaign as being for the 'working class' NOT!.Only the top 1% will benefit. Poor will be poorer
Says a woman who fights against Wall Street then supports a candidate (Hillary) owned & paid for by Wall Street
Says a woman who lied & cheated to get her college paid #Pocahontas
How!
of course
Tell me Mrs Warren, how did you get rich?  Ummm?
This is #fakenews isn't it? @LOLGOP @Hardees @CarlsJr
And you make 400,000$ for teaching one class!!! #hypocrite #yourafuckingidiot
Also accused of assaulting his wife in the 80's. Lovely person...no wonder I never eat there....
He got rich building a great business. Something you wouldn't know shit about.
coming from the women who was paid $400k to teach one class.
Why don't you get out of politics and get a real job? Then you can see how the rest of us live.
@LOLGOP @Hardees @CarlsJr 
Plus, he gets a corporate hard-on watching half naked women eating burgers: classy.
boycott Carl's jr. Damn
Trump continues to drain the swamp to get to the muck at the bottom.  Wake up people you've been played!
https://youtu.be/xCc-RWIp7XU 
How the fuck did you get rich? By skimming off the People's back. Retire!
what are the Dem leaders planning to do about these horrible cabinet nominees??
@AntonioDrumsX @Hardees @CarlsJr  That's cuz he's smart - right?
smart in an assholish kind of way.
We know it -He doesn't ( they have trbl affording the burgers they make)
Trump don't give a damn about our country nor American lives...most of who he's nominating are the same way
Sounds like he has a lot in common with Trump now, doesn't he? #notmypresident
And just for the record. Automation is exploding because of you $15 an hr idiots.. no basic economic sense... damn Libs.. 
So is your argument that we should stop using automation and start using manual min wage labor?
You are what is wrong with our government you complain and act like you care and then you sit in your seat and do nothing.
I love lawmakers when they complain about people following the laws to profit. If you don't like it you have the power to change the laws
Please help us stop this nightmare
He's got to go
and he wants robots to replace human workers.
Wage theft, the emerging market...
All you do is complain and whine. You are sour to the core. Look in the mirror, Elizabeth, You are a train wreck.
And you Sen Warren stole from minorities. You lied and stole from them. You are shameless
Chief Shaky Fist is most mad.. her pasty colleague lost and she is angry.   Don't go away mad #Fauxcahontas, just go away..
And this: https://twitter.com/i/web/status/806978875561562112 … #domesticviolence Please don't avoid or diminish #VAW in this administration
If that is true, hubby and I will switch to Jack in Box for burgers
How did u get rich? Off our taxes?
thx u !  This is insane !  Putting foxes in charge of hen houses. #StopTrump
@TheDailyEdge @TheRoot @gollum1419_g
Tyrants-Liars! #conflictsofinterest #impeachtrump
Or you tried to manipulate the companies to overpay them.
Tyrants-Liars ! #conflictsofinterest #impeachtrump   #truthmatters #trumpLies
And you got rich flipping foreclosed houses. Your point?
How many 1,000's do you employ Whiny McBitcherson? Oh, right. Your tears make the Christmas Spirit swell. 

@Hardees @CarlsJr
Curious as 2 what u pay ur house staff,  gardeners etc.. do you provide benefits? But that's different right?
so what companies have you actually run? Zero.
Sad state of affairs in such a great country
Please name one thing you have done for working people just 1
Hey you right wingers, no one cares what you have to say.  Your just lucky Warren did not run.
keep busy

How is this good for anyone but #billionaires @realDonaldTrump
Plus he's a wife beater. Great.
Not my Hardee'sWell one less restaurant to visit.
It is difficult to express the level of disdain for Trump and those who populate transition team! Scum
homophobic also
Some working people are too dumb to understand your achievements, Elizabeth, but many of us are grateful.
Trumps base will soon realize they have been Trumped. They call look forward to disappointment and minimum jobs with little or no benefits
Plus @Hardees is disgusting.
Uhh, the @hardees in my town pays their workers more and gives them better benefits than you to your interns. Hypocrisy!
How would you know, You have not really held a regular job, just used your Indian for handout
Faux "indian" at that. My wife has more native blood than she does, never chkd the box
dear god Poco, guess you could say that about anyone that has created a business and jobs,you can't understand
That's the kind of squeezing,American government vendors,needs for instance Boeing, and many more,
easy there Goofy, I don't see anyone breaking the law. If employees don't like the wage, they can quit, right?
How many jobs have you ever created?
Which the govnts &laws allows snake oil salesmen 2 continue screwing the working poor!
its too bad people are so stupid to call u pocahontas & a fraud. Who is the REAL fraud?
& yet, you take money from corrupt corporate interests. How are you any different? Because you do it quietly?
@realDonaldTrump agree. The great Don only wants people to make 7.50$ an hour while they are all billionaires. Hypocrites
At Obama's 8 years of 2% growth workers got trapped in low wage jobs. Trump will double growth rate.
he may have squeezed them, but trump outright grabs em.
Why couldn't you have realized HRC had the charisma of a moist dish towel and trounced Trump?
Seems like the 1920s all over again.
Americans understood this #onceuponatime (as did Whig forebears, genuine Cato's Letters) #AgrarianJustice @harveyjkaye
Hell every1 Trump has chosen brings risk on the people of the USA, Hopeless, Why we need full time DNC
coming from the women who was paid $400k to teach one class.
Not sure if what it'll take 4 working class who voted 4 Trump to realize he wontvimprove their lives. he's in it to enrich self & the rich
I am of the idea he got rich by selling a product people wanted At a price People could pay  Unlike congress who sells dreams
Further evidence Pres-Elect Trump doesnt care about the middle class.
Trumps a sell-out !
