The GOP has failed the country. They don't do the people's business but continue to get paid. Shameful. Vote them out.
They don't even support their own voyers interest which is why we have a Trumpet candidate
Rules are to be broken when #Congress doesn't ensure @usdol does its job instead of falsifying #FLSA complaint info.
What if ... that thing u call gov't is just a gang of thugs with a monopoly on force that has programmed u since birth?
politics as usual... every vote counts and it's becoming more evident as time goes on. vote & prosper #wakeup
#fakeindian
At next pres debate, the candidates should be asked their view. Trump's response will help pull off his populist mask.
most of U should be voted out of public not service! What a joke! Time for term limits and when your gone u lose it all
Thank God, the economy can't afford to pay everyone overtime. Want ppl to keep their jobs, not loose them.
probably some kick back put in bill that you're not telling us
Did you know in California, teacher's get paid once a month? Only in a job dominated by women would this be acceptable.
I'd like to see both houses of Congress only paid for the hours they work in DC.
12 year old girl was raped & tortured,  Hillary conspired with rapists to get them out of jail.
don't disgusting.. vaca is so imp why do we pay them not to work for us ? Why
that's because they don't know what overtime is.
Of course they did.  Keep fighting for us Elizabeth. You are all we got right now.
that sucks!!!!  More low income people being taken advantage of!
Republicans don't want to pay people. They want the money for themselves so they can go on recess
such an easy problem to solve - vote these turkeys out -we need a house cleaning in worse way
Hey @ctgop, is this what you call "a better way?" Bullshit. @CTDems
That's the GOP, doing what they have done best the last 8 years.
please don't lose hope Senator; we need you there.
vote them out bunch of payed off by corporation's lining their pockets have done nothing for 8 years
Poco once again you have no clue,my son will loose his job if this goes into effect.U don't care about the middle class
@helenmag @HouseGOP until Obama is of office #GopCongress  will veto EVERYTHING...they hate the #BlackPresident
@TearsInHeaven09 @HouseGOP no good SOB's
@NancyErvin4 @HouseGOP #VoteThemOut
Now it will never get passed.I am very sad about this, my husband has been fighting for his overtime, almost got fired.
vote trump
despicable
These guys are the new do nothing party. Time to clean house this November. #ASIB
Replace House Republicans in NOV !!
they are idiots and give a crap about the people!  Shame!!
They're in no danger of working overtime.
#shameful.
and yet, they keep getting re-elected #voteblue
Look at senate records. Depends on the person.. Some Republicans are okay. Open Secrets is telling..
h/t @RobinHoodTax
how can they pass a law on something they've never had to deal with?
so much for a government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
How do they go to sleep at night in good conscience?? Shameful
Let's add a vote to the November election on cutting Congress pay in half. LET THE PEOPLE DECIDE! @SenWarren @HouseGOP
Thought it was totally up to POTUS? BTW I can say that this is not a "simple" rule or "simple" change.
I constantly wonder what the Palestinians did to us so that we support their occupation and cultural genocide.
I adore you and what you do, here in the US, but why do you keep voting to allow Israel to continue violating international law?
Why do House Dems give in? Change to Indeperdent if Dems don"t grow a pair
GOP's biggest lie-Working for the middle class - GOP born liars - always have been.
wow! There are some keyboard warriors that hate women on here!
How about a list of how each voted?
the GOP can literally do whatever they want because the democrats are corrupt
Donate your salary  start a trend lady quit whinning
we can change all this bad stuff...Nov 11th..lots of seats up for grabs guys! Make sure to vote!
keep voting Repub and watch ur pay spiral down
nothing new with the gop.
Too bad CNN doesn't talk about these things. Media misinforms voters. Go after the media! Put them on the defensive.
Any extreme socialist bill, Warren will call simple and scream at GOP for 3 days.
Well,HouseGOP works for us, let's delay their pay 6 months.Shame on them.Sic'em Sen. Warren. Like you more all the time
when is @SpeakerRyan's pay cut slated to be voted on? I know when I don't do my job my pay gets cut. It's only fair
But passed a bill to allow millionaires to sue other millionaires.
wtf...i missed that one ...
Obama said that each 9/11 family got an average of 2 million dollars.
It's for sure. None of them will ever work overtime but get paid as if they do. Why should they care about us peasants
they don't even work part time.
true
the gop has these bone heads who vote for them convinced they aren't worth a crap and don't deserve decent pay.
Hard working people who actually pay the taxes that pay their salaries. GOP Pres candidate pays none. They hate workers
if compared with the UK, the GOP appear to be slightly right of UKIP. Near Nazis
ITS TIME TO VOTE THEM OUT.
GOP SUCKS
lol what?
