Its about time Obama got up off his lazy bought off ass and did something, shame he took so long.


As a matter of fact, Trump is a Christian. Judge not.
A great President will be followed by one of the worst (worldwide)

Trump will create something g better!  Stop terroists from entering our country!!! You're not concerned
about this country's safety anymore than Potus was!    Thank God for Trump!   @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes
@Franklee255B @POTUS @DHSgov THE PEOPLE SPOKE, NOT THE ANTIQUATED ELECTORAL COLLEGE. REMEMBER THAT DEMOCRATS AND FIGHT LIKE HELL.
Thank you for your leadership on these issues. Thank you.

@MAHAMOSA @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes so, Native Americans remains the only race with a required registry right?
@Franklee255B @POTUS @DHSgov WE DEMAND DEMOCRATS FIGHT,  NOT WITH FLOWERS OR LOVE. FIGHT FOR DEMOCRACY.  OVER 3 MILLION DEMAND IT
not sure you know what xenophobia is!?  If everything is xenophobia nothing is.  Stop crying wolf.


thieves united to steal Native American land and destroy the environment. Pile on gluttons.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Love you Obama
If there's a concern about persecution,WE MUST TAKE ACTION TO BLOCK TRUMPS ASCENSION! #NotMyPresident
what is wrong with you liberals we need to make our country safe and you are trying to make it harder for us to do that
of course of course!!!!
@stiNgo100 @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes agreed excellent move.
Trump is a CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO THE COUNTRY AND THE WORLD. Please Mr. President, do something!
excellent .....then i guess if they can't be registered 
they'll all have to be deported...thanks Barack
So Liz you want Paris Nice Brussels Berlin to happen here in 2018 your GONE
Your families guns are far more dangerous to you than any number of immigrants, simple math.
Like he was going to Vet anyone coming here to start with. Good Bye Obama so long! tanks for the extra 20 trillion
Trump can just reactivate it.
Thanks Pocahontas and ayatollah Obama for allowing terrorists into the country unmanaged. Brilliant. 
When Sharia Law rules America, I hope you enjoy it with a smile.
We need that program back, or better yet we put them in your neighborhoods, see how long it takes

President Obama should stand down & wait for the adults to take over.
This BS won't work! America will be taking back our country. Wacko Warren is a nobody! POTUS is DONE!
Now can you please work on securing women's rights & organizations? Before that Sociopath takes office. @nytimes
securing them would take congress. Repub congress will only attack them.
So we fight.That's what we do in this country when our freedoms are @risk. @SenWarren @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes
maybe the problem is we only care when there is risk, instead of every day. @nytimes
This isWhy weElect leaders 2make sureThat weDon't have2 worryAbout ThisAs WeWork& raise our Families@SenWarren @POTUS @DHSgov
that would be good if we had moral leaders who cared about the people. America doesn't any more.
@MAHAMOSA @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes Obamas registry sure was a state secret huh? Such hypocrites
were not really better than that. We are being stupid. Look at Germany
OFFS, at the last possible second and where there is worries of losing an ounce of "political capital" = COWARD!!
Trump will revive the registry.It will  give you something else to go wacky on.
- Xenophobic! Wow! The biggest word in Lizzie's vocabulary.
thank you for sharing!

.@SenWarren, just so we're all on the same page, please define "US values" for the rest of us| cc: @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes
yes get it done!
@bagglo @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes not for long we aren't
fake news. Old program,no longer in use,agency wanted it gone years ago,Looks like obama dragged his feet
Also, hide nuke codes.
I wish this were about muslims but it's about Obama wanting to make things difficult for @realDonaldTrump! So sad!
You can be assured that he will clean up the swamp and rid the USA of the vermin here and coming in. MAGA
us values live on
Remember, That squaw speaketh with forked tongue.
it was stopped because it was not as good as hoped not because of any values of obama
keep up the great work.  We need you MTV(more than ever)! ;). Merry Christmas !!
And now it’s time to pardon Edward Snowden. It really is@POTUS
Blood on your hands then... http://www.ojjpac.org/memorial.asp 
Now if Obama could rid us of these people.
delete your account
Hows it feel Elizabeth to lose recount & prove @HillaryClinton. Cheated not Trump. Then get kicked from greenparty
Why wasn't this ended 8 yrs. ago, or did he think he might need it?
good. make it stick!

everyone is a somethingphobic! Please go away.
and thank you for speaking at bostons largest terrorist producing mosque. Our dead and wounded just love you. #Disgraceful
Can't agree more!  It should never have been created!  Only terrorists should be tracked. #NoTrumpNWay
It's temporary, #Fauxcahontas
Doesnt matter that you endanger lives of innocent American citizens as long as you make things difficult
And @POTUS hits another homerun!  @DHSgov
nothing good about you
Hi POCAHONTAS
Run in 2020!
go smoke a peace pipe you cultural appropriator #marxistbitch
Barak is QUIETLY hard at work while on vacation in Hawaii. Bravo!
Warren, please go back to sleep. You Re pathetic along with all your other corrupt dems.
@Redphilly @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes Good!
what about US-VISIT?
Obama destroying records of terrorist in the USA.
I love how Pres. obama is going into full damage conteol mode after Trump election. GMH. 

. So thankful!
Liz it doesn't seem like we're better than the scum of the earth if we're talkin bout the same place!!!
the end of a president with class.  Very sad
.@SenWarren @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes More IGNORANCE from the Left...Just let them run over us with a truck!!!
It didn't work and we fingerprint and photograph all arriving aliens now anyway.
why was it in place until now?
could a program like this possibly have stopped 9/11 ?
What a traitor.
let all the terrorist In Warren. We have you to protect us
xenophobia, shit is what it is .
Stop president elect Trump.  He claims he would be strong leader but appears he is a puppet.
Barak Obama may just be the best ally the radical Islamic people ever had. His last days are like a pimple popping
good POTUS is about time.
go play in traffic. You and the liberal clowns need to go.
If war is what the Tea-Rumpers Want, the War is exactly what we Dems must give them!
It will be back in 30 days! All the Muslims and illegal aliens must be deported and our borders secure.
Thank you for keeping the light of USA humanity shining.
Trump will just create a registry 2.0
Or find a way to revive it. The "end" of this program is purely symbolic.
Dismantling something oppressive that's in use would impress me more than dismantling something unused.
@nytimesJust in time 4 xmas.  With a little push, maybe you can let in a catastrophe like Berlin. You will pay!
now close GITMO too.

Yes, thank you for making us more vulnerable to terrorist attacks.
Great!  We are ready to fight side by side with our Muslim brothers and sisters #Muslimstrong
Thanks. Now let's see the federal government charge @realDonaldTrump with treason.
Good job @POTUS
but why did Dennis Quaid visit?
I have never seen a woman as ignorant as you are, I can see why you are not successful in the senate! @POTUS @DHSgov @nytimes
Not better than that. Why only now?
Still haven't learned.
why didn't he do this years ago.?
Awwwe sweetheart don't worry Congress and POTUS will replace it soon with something MUCH stronger 
you are wasting your life away defending a chetto?
How about SOMETHING ANYTHING substantial on Voter Suppression??? Voting is the basis of our SOCIETY
open borders let them all flood in.. Working well for our European friends
why do you support terrorist?
he's got a pen and a phone too Pocahontas
Airhead.
I can't wait to start the outreach!
..  Obama is an enemy of the United States of America
doubt these agents are cleaning out their desks. Prob have about a month off
shame on Democrats
Bigger issues please #smh
#Hollywood: 
Bottom Line: "Trump Inauguration" is important to me & to Millions of Americans. Line up.
#MerryChristmas  #Tatiana
you tell em Pocahontas!
