Ik u get a lot of tweets. I'm sorry about that.But can u tell me if U all can fight privatization? @POTUS please?
Can anyone please help us?
tell them to get lawyers too
@grgken @USTreasury And thus you see who the system exists to serve. Death to the system.
It is insane! I agree.. Death to the system!
USA structured for the wealthy to become more wealthy. USA becoming 3rd world in this upcoming GOPTreason Trump world
charge trump pence with collusion treason the america people can see it why not Congress
WTF the only thing they would help us out with is jail time.#TrumpLeaks #TheResistance
Senator Warren, thank you for fighting for the people that society has decided Social Contract no longer matters @USTreasury
@wikicircus @USTreasury please help keep GOP's hands off our Social Security!
Bannon hates Ryan. There still a possibility Bannon is setting him up.
Well....  If it is nuts it truly belongs here
DO NOT CONFIRM #Putinspuppet 1/6- FBI, RUSSIAN HACK, VOTE SUPPRESSION, COI, NO TAXES, MENTALLY UNSTABLE & A CRIMINAL
aren't you one of those developers who benefited from the tax loophole? So hypocritical of you.
@mdgriffin44 @USTreasury SSI should be ptotected from garnishment, should be law @SenBennetCO
.
Is anyone other than you or Bernie voicing about all this? What are the DEMs going to do? Action
Your nuts Elizabeth. That's why people find it hard to take you serious. Screaming at everyone is not leading.
DEMs controlled Congress most of the last 30 years. Look in the mirror Senator. The reflection of guilt is that image
#BoxingDay #Christmasaftermath
Amazingly Pocahontas just became aware...
@MAHAMOSA @USTreasury why not help struggling students. People should not have to go into debt for an education
@Canada4Bernie 

You shoulda backed Bernie
You shoulda helped at Standing Rock

Now you're just another hog at the trough
I'm sure the T***p Secy of Treasury will solve all of this in favor of the little guy. <sarcasm>
More examples of the rich and powerful benefiting over the poor and powerless.
That is Obama for you
They will not do this because these citizens do not have clout as individuals. We need a HERO!!!!!!
@fightn4change The forgotten ones that have worked all their lives to keep America great
#senwarren2020 Always have admired your fighting spirit
And they want our guns too!
is is NUTS...FIX IT plz and TU
What will you do about it Lizzie?
Be the one who people are afraid of...no one other than Stumpf is afraid of you...
Please fight the changes to SS.The retired need more money not less as they are proposing. Let DT live on $15000 a yr
I agree- how can this be changed?
@JoyLightIN @USTreasury leagal system rife with money 21st century US, only money, power, celebrity, talk #CalExit
@washumom @USTreasury Realizing more and more That our gov cares zero about its ppl.
Those who value American values, need a symbol. "the flag?" with liberty and Justice for ALL!
@puppymnkey @USTreasury Why are Democrats standing by doing NOTHING as Trump tramples all over the Constitution??
Because people don't come out and vote on mid terms to support them.
@GreatDismal @USTreasury maybe you should have backed one bernie sanders, fool
Eliz, yes NUTS! Big money lobbies for every handout it can get, but rails against those who need help from getting it
yes these Republicans are the greediest....I am trying to get my loans discharged as we speak. I am on SSD, afraid
How about if everyone defaults on rent at the exact same time? Collapse of the RE market?
@puppymnkey @USTreasury Sounds like a Washington idea. Or a K Street, what's the difference.
probably because they are busy finalizing PO deals so Feinstein's husband gets huge commission
, as @AlanGrayson said: 'The GOP wants us to die faster'.
I paid my student debt at age 58, a social worker. My top salary ever was $42M. Now at 68, still working, worth it?
not in this situation, thankfully. but PLEASE KEEP FIGHTING for those of us too sick to get out in the streets & do so ourselves
Come on they got it forgiven!
not to mention student loan debt
No raise in two years, not a penny Shame on them
that will be very reasonable don't you think?
well, I should get back the money that I pay for my student loan
what can constituents do on this issue?
And they want to Drug test Welfare Recipients.   #NeverMyPresident
LIKE YOU GIVE A DAMN!!
Hint: developers and trust fund babies have money.
There is only one goal with this administration.  The rich must get richer and the middle class must get poorer.
with this new administration commoners will never see any help
@jazzizbest @USTreasury Please don't shorthand social security to SS.....too soon
good point!
Shows da hypocrisy!
this won't even enter onto His radar but HRC would've been all over this. 
can you pass a bill that requires any American running for any government office must turn over their taxes & vetted.
So what are you going to do about it? Firist I suggest you stop whining
someone should tell Liz that tweeting does not equal legislating
Thank you Senator Warren!
or student loan recipients, which will be a huge issue in a few years with public service forgiveness!
We are the ones left behind always; as laws are made for the 1% by 1%.
what is this about? I know someone that was forgiven a $20,000 student loan. Just sold her house for 224,000. America
ridiculous. Shame!!  Needs to stop immediately!
Because they don't care about everyday people.
It is nuts so keep on plugging Elizabeth!
Now this one I can agree with you on. But has been typical for your Oligarchy. Your part of it So you own this too.
What's nuts is Dems doing nothing to stop this atrocity from taking office while we screamed for leadership to fight!
you only get help if you are wealthy!
.@SenWarren @ebruenig @USTreasury We've been baking contempt into our public policies for so long, this is finally what it looks like.
Yet Trump doesn't have to pay taxes on $916 million of *other peoples'* money that he lost?
We pay and we pay and we keep paying.  It never stops unless you are a billionaire
US Treasury has no power to do so. Congress does.
Because SS recipients don't have lobbyists and lawyers.
Way down the list of importance, considering that in about 30 days, Trump gets the nuke codes...
New Age begins in a dark shadow in a dark mind.
who do you think they actually work for? This is not new.
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls  Yr hero obama  refused to give raises 2 seniors twice while he was prez!!
.@SenWarren If they want advice on tax liabilities, they should visit your buddy, @TheRevAl.
@USTreasury
We know what's nuts-you haven't seen nuts yet! Wait 'til January. We let Putin hack our election w/no consequences.
And, #trump's dodgy cabinet will get sweet tax deals if they divest! Why do rich people hate poor people?
It is a Dem Sec of Treasury.
Have fun fighting Trump, your window to stop him ended like 10 months ago with Bernie 
You're nuts for supporting @HillaryClinton over @BernieSanders , if nuts is backwards. Please address that failure...
@Sadiesniece @USTreasury not surprised
that is because they do not care about the people of this country and we are sick and tired of it!
Don't forget helping @apple avoid hundreds of millions in taxes.
and under the America First president, it's going to get worse.
That's not unusual.  The govt rarely helps the small guy but can bend over backwards for the rich.
maybe you should've endorsed Bernie
DEMS NEED TO GROW A PAIR and do something about this... and tweeting won't cut it... ACT, please of course
When it emerges Donald Trump colluded with Russians we must be prepared to take to the streets. Enormous, national protests.
why not help students as a whole cause taxing and charging us will cause less to go to college and a labor issue
