God help us!
thats really troublesome news for someone like you and how you go off on your psycho tangents WAKE UP AMERICA VOTE HER OUT
You have supported the reduction of the military to reduce deficit. Are you trying to make our military smaller?
I am thing you may be conffining soon.  You and Hillary should date intimately.
@HeideggerFan Thank You for being a champion of the people!
We need to talk, have a proven tech that reduces BILLIONS across the Dept, yet DoD slow to adopt "status quo" mindset prevails
In charge of tomahawks and arrows.
Congratulation
Please run for President in 4 yrs!
that is frightening
Congratulations.
I know you won't tell me but I hope this is preamble to a 2020 presidential run.
you must've told a Yuge lie to get that spot...Native American and what? Descendant of Geronimo now? Liar.

#PresidentTrump #MAGA
Lord help us! You better start watching out for our men.  Another Benghazi will have consequences.
Thank you to Heaven for this.. and you. We know you've got our backs and the best interest of this Nation at heart.
what a fucking joke!
thank you thank you thank you
thank you for all that you do!!!!
This is good news!
Congratulations. Please bring more peace.
peace is garnered w a big stick, not a bed of roses. Are u in touch w world events and the rise of China & Iran?
He did lose, by over 2M votes.
A little bit out of your wheelhouse, isn't it?
No, that's what's called preparing to run for President. Go Get 'em, Ms. Warren!
That's what I thought too. #Warren2020
That is a sad day in our history, you need to pay back the money you stole, non native American
Re-enact the draft, and draft all of Trumps clowns, er I mean children.  Then he will know what sacrifice really is.
I'm both embarrassed and ashamed that someone of your background and beliefs would be anywhere near our military.
great call.
I am so glad you will, you will stand up for what is right!
Turn one on yourself and do the world a favor
@bodysculptorokc it would have been nice if you served the people and had endorsed Sanders.
did you claim Native American heritage to promote diversity? You shouldn't be allowed in any committee nor allowed to serve.
well said.
Good thing you're in the minority so you'll have no say about anything!
spot on with that observation !
well said
@PattiFink  Such good news, don't let trump kill our men and women serving, he draft dodger 5 x Deferments punk
Congratulations and Thank You Senator Warren! Very Pleasing & Comforting Knowing You are Serving on Our Armed Services Committee!
@FiyaSturm I'm pleased to announce it doesn't fucking matter
please just stay away from our military we want a strong character
And as Commander in Chief in 2020. We NEED you! PLEASE!
God help our troops.
You go Girl! We need your intelligence and relentlessness now more than ever!
Brilliant move!
congratulations but who is going to take on the banks and bid business for us?
We need you more than ever!!!
Thank you!
@SanFranMoman Excellent please figure this Comrade Trump/Putin Alliance connection that stole American election from real winner.
that's so scary. No experience in any field. You're definitely a progressive.
Why? You have zero experience. I am saddened to hear this.
Wow, the first woman of color to hold that distinction!
hopefully U can stop some of the madness & stop some of his choices.That would put a stick in his eye lol
Most of the American population is sorry to hear this.
@brontyman Thank you Ms Warren SASC is a department that you can do great good for #theResistanse
good luck to you fighting with spending too much on arms!
Too bad you can't serve on every committee.
the trumpkins are out in force today. you think dt could handle such an attack? laughable!
go get him. this news is the first glimmer of hope i have found. defintely run in 2020. lay the groundwork now.
annddd running for president next election? #Warren2020
thank goodness. Please keep the morality and common sense coming.
As a former US Marine, your brothers may understand the military, but it's scary you will be serving on it.  Good thing DJT won.
@cayi0415 bring your peace pipe ... oh that's right it was a lie you're not Native American
and you're not a real American. Only a white immigrant that stole land and enslaved others for your own profit.
Thank you for fighting for what is right and fair in the shitstorm that has become American politics! You rock!
.@SenWarren, delighted for you, but does this mean we lose your voice on the Banking... Committee? Say it ain't so!
while you are on the armed services committee will you go on the warpath
do something about Aleppo.
exciting, first step toward actual audit of $?
Congratulations! We need you more than ever.
@mvanvol_van The best of luck to you. Something tells me you'll have your hands full with the cast of hawks gathering in D.C.
any chance we'll stop nonchalantly   arming the mid east to the teeth and sending our troops to die for oil? With Rex prob not :(
You get that foreign relations experience! That will come in handy in 2020. 
#ScrewBallWar'n...have you heard of...#TheDayAfter...It's coming...#January...
Good luck!  We are counting on you a handful of other progressives. We are a pretty sorry lot right now.
Congratulations The military needs your voice The country continues 2 need your voice Please run for 2020 presidential election
congratulations I guess .
question. If Trump is found to have been complicit with Russia, would that not be treason and disqualifying?
thank goodness ! A voice of reason !
please do what you can to promote veteran health post-combat and the growing suicide rate. I volunteer at the suicide hotline.
Kick some serious Republican Behind Please ...
Congratulationns Senator Warren. About time we get some good news
thank god!!
Your last assignment. Maybe work 40 hours for once?
I LOVE me some Elizabeth Warren!
thank you for your service!  Go help to stop despotism...in the US
Congratulations, Sen. Warren. Fight for us and get your colleagues to do the same. Rough seas ahead I fear.
thank you, ma'am!
What!  Are you still on the finance committee?
Congratulations! We look forward to ur intelligent, passionate, progressive leadership on issues that affect our national defense
congrats on your appointment. As a retired health care provider I can say VA issues start with admitting the true # of Vet. pts.
Give em hell!
thank you, we need more dems like you Gabbard Ryan Sanders Pelosi now, we're still here and still looking for reasons to believe.
another politician serving that's not qualified for the committee they're on,it's why govt doesn't work anymore,Trump draining it
Any chance you'll resign before your term is over?
I will be working for your campaign in 2020.
As a citizen, I'm disgusted that you are being trusted with this opportunity. Circle the wagons, fake Indian coming your way.
thank you!!!!!
Boy I will sleep  good tonight Knowing a great mind like ur's is on the watch  Try not to shoot anyone other than Bernie
it begins...
Excellent! We sooo need a sane leader like you! #warrenforpresident
congratulations!
does that mean no more consumer protection by you?
what makes you qualified to serve in such committee? - For a person to be making nonsense and spreading division among people.
Congrats! You'll be a much needed voice
thank goodness!!
You should be fighting Wall St.. keeping them honest.. Congrats though 
Thank goodness,  please help America. Keep Trump from screwing over Americans!!
I am not.
AMEN! THANKS FOR YOUR SERVICE!!
I pray that you try to understand the true realities in the world and the USA's place in it
Congrats! While in the Senate, please continue to team up with @SenSanders to mitigate the negative impacts of DJT and the GOP.
: hip hip hooray!
@Ivanroberson where does that put you in helping to check Trump and his merry Putin puppets?
Thank you!! You are awesome!
congratulations you're a dynamic woman and I'm proud of you always. Thank you for your untiring work. Merry Christmas
And we are so glad to have you there.
medically discharged with sound evidence in.my favor at only 10% back then. This is a Shame how vets are mistreated.
Only reason why Iam relocating from Costa Rica and told by Army board to seek federal relief this past year.  A shame on U.S.
god help us
great news. Glad to have you looking out for us. I trust you to be a strict check on Trump's power.
I served honorably 17 years and seven months and was denied retirement in 93 and then they take my severance pay too?
would you be able to review my case denied by army board four times and VA taking my severance pay away since 95 With my evidence
We are in trouble. And what makes you you qualified to serve on the Armed Services Committee? They use real bullets yo kniw
get ready for 2020.
Congrats
we are lucky to have you on any committee! Thank you for ALWAYS standing up for us!!!!
Make sure you support @TulsiGabbard in her bids to stop arming terrorists.
and are you pro military? Do you support the troops? Are you going to support Trumps build up of the Military? If not resign
please get your ducks in a row for 2020. I'm with YOU. #lizforprez #pleaserun #saveusliz #getALLthevotes #saveusfromtrump
thank you!  Please take good care of our soldiers!  Past and present!
that's bad news.
Thank you!!!
Congratulations! Great news to know you will be there working for our Country. Thank you!
should of ran for president instead of hillary. you and bernie would of rocked...
Good! It's something else you can totally eff up!
Will you wear warpaint at the meetings?
Bc of people like you I don't feel like we've lost everything. Keep battling. We here in Georgia you.
I don't think PRESIDENT TRUMP would approve.
Fantastic news. Congratulations!
I'm really pleased too. I know you'll do your very best for us. Thanks!
Damn it, whose fault is that?!
a tremendous insult to anyone who has served
FUCK that sucks
... phew!
Wonderful! Makes me feel a little less uneasy about the state of our country.
Use your faux Indian heritage to get the patronage position?
here is a true establishment shoe in. Ok if married 2 McConnell?
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2016/11/dont-look-now-but-trump-just-picked-mitch-mcconnells-wife-elaine-chao-for-a-cabinet-job …

as a veteran who cares, I find this appalling
has there been a Native American on cmt before.
Will you continue to be having hissy fits at those meetings too?!
Where you in the military? No experience. Close your account.
congrats!
KUDOS!!
eeek
Pretty sure you don't have the guts to call for a Pentagon audit though... But cute title!
We the People deserve more leaders like you.
#warren2020
YES. With the Spector of Russia on the horizon, we need your help
very disappointed to hear it
@SenGillibrand Excited you'll be working on Sen. Armed Services Committee next year with Sen. Gillibrand. What a dynamic duo!
I hope you can chair a Senate Committee for Crazy @realDonaldTrump and #CabinetOfDeplorables Activities Oversight!!
Congrats! As you are a committed and passionate member of Congress, I know you will be an invaluable member of the committee.
is not a good fit for this vital committee. This needs to be blocked. @seanhannity @Chansonx2Hanson @RickiNycgal
Oh no! That is bad.
- god help and bless the United States.
you didnt even take the time to learn the diff between auto and semi auto How can you be trusted to learn what the military needs
Yeah get that Trump. Maybe the electors won't pass him tho 
What about The @CFPB ? Will you still be taking on Big Banks????
Wish u could be on all of the committees!!
I disagree with u on just about everything. But anything u can do to keep us out of foreign wars wouldn't appreciated. .
Cut the disgusting military budget and stop intervening in other countries!
Thank you we need your voice of reason!!
Thank goodness. Please start running for president in 24 months. We must rid ourselves of dictator Trump.
this seems like a waste of your talents...
Going to sell arms to the Russians?
great ....another chance for you to screw things up.
You been mighty quiet.
give em hell!
Disregard my comment on this from my previous post.
Will your committee oversee Pentagon's annual refusal to do an audit?
what about banking? I hope this role does not replace that..
