Live a day without oil Liz.
U & democrats trample on every right that America's hav Now let's elect the 1st female criminal & make history
should be you instead of Clinton
@SenWarren @GOP
a bitch should not tick off a Witch
Says the woman supporting a pro fracking candidate?
Sort of like u abusing the school system by saying you were indian?-- http://endingthefed.com/brutal-real-cherokee-indians-respond-to-elizabeth-warren-video.html …
#TrumpPence16 #JillNotHill #Demexit #BernieOrGreen #TrumpTrain #NeverHillary #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
climate change? I thought we were going back to global warming. Make up your mind.
@SenWarren @GOP
why attack oil co. When your candidate is the biggest crony "capitalist" on the planet #climatechangehoax
- War cry?
When state AGs try and use the force of law to stifle debate, they don't advance 1st Amendment- they trample on it.
It should be given that scientific inquiry and scientific data protected by #FirstAmendment. Do we need test case? #scotus
seriously attack the GOP about the advancement of the 1st amendment. While your candidate wants to get rid of 2nd. You wackado
Hillary picked Ken Salazar to oversee cabinet appointments. Enough said. Clinton Admin 2.0 will exacerbate climate change.
let's vote for the bankrupter in chief..
GOP.  GONE CRAZY
as if Elizabeth Warren cared about the 1st Amendment or any of the Bill of Rights.
they only care about one amendment.
The "climate change" that needs investigation is the Leftist hype of man-made warming. It's a billionaire $$$ funded fraud.
Go build a teepee on the White House lawn
Does she realize she didn't get chosen to be @HillaryClinton 's running mate?
Get your facts straight
If only you showed the same respect to the 2nd amendment. Hypocrite... I mean liberal.
Could the DNC hacks have anything to do with Manafort and Boris Epstyne's connection to Russia?
Liz... try being an American for a change.
We fear CO2-climate change, regulate emissions--why not require turn yards into forests? TREES EAT CO2.
screw climate change
@SenWarren @GOP
"Climate change" You're funny.
is one who wants to prosecute climate change "deniers" for hate crimes. Freedom of speech for those you agree with only?
what r u talking about?
.@SenWarren = $ellout, Clinton just had Fracker mogul fundraiser, Obama approved BigOil offshore drilling #Jill2016
when Saudi backed @HillaryClinton refuses to condemn Islamic extremist, the same situation becomes.
.@SenWarren @realDonardTrump 
 YOU FOR REAL???

MAYBE NOT MRS BEASLEY???
You are a fake!  Don't pay attention to what you say.
The democrats want non believers jailed!!!!
Pocahontas has spoken she speak with lying forked tongue
yep. Keep up the good fight
what about when Congress reps are sponsored & funded by corporates & interest groups?which lobby groups own u & Hillary?
whether that violates the 1st amendment is questionable. What about Dems that take oil money and then allow "safe" fracking?
Liz takes money from Big Oil.  Hypocrite
when the DNC rigs it's own primary, you have no business trying to take a moral high ground against trampling on the Constution
Free speech not trampled by opposing points of view.
When big unions push u on more protection for them are you a trampler?
all republican congressional aides must release their emails from lobbyists.
you are amazing.
career politician you need to go
Rather than simple denial of climate change, the @GOP needs to explain why they are pro-pollution and anti-energy independance.
Since 1999 you've received $48,150 in donations from "big oil" ...   You are part of the problem hypocrite...
stop with pushing the climate change religion on everyone,we worship our God you worship yours,both need faith,one is false
you've lost all credibility by endorsing the wall street candidate. #Shame #NeverHillary #bernieorjill
how could anyone believe what these left-wing weirdos say they all lie look at Hillary the biggest liar in town
Is this your first lie today?
I bet not since you are so good at it.
#indianmyass.
turn off twitter and go back to your cubicle Warren. Do some work. @GOP
or Teepee
do us a favor and die already u old hag
amen
the GOP only cares about the 2nd A.
and democrats do it on other issues
did @HillaryClinton ever tell you how much Wall Street $$ she was given?
inquiring minds want to know.
Why is it that baboons want to rule the world not intelligent people with human qualities?
Amen! Practice saying with me Madame President
goofy
haya, HAYA, haya HAYA,  many moons ago the world was supposed to burn up.  Never happened.  Just push the date back.
As you sold out to Wall Street for @HillaryClinton  Anyone big go to jail on your watch? #hypocrisy
Lizzy Hillary got rid of you and your pandering for recognition is pathetic and worthy of our pity. Go away failed wannabe
The "state climate change investigations" r investigating speech not climate change. See >
@SenWarren @GOP
http://www.mercurynews.com/business/ci_30225645/pg-e-found-guilty-multiple-charges-san-bruno … Here a corporation kills people in their sleep, and gets a slap on the wrist. No one goes to jail.
You just want us GROVELING to YOU for our needs! No thanks..WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH! No more LIES from DNC BUNCH!
you support a favor trading wall Street insider where are your convictions with real blood on her hands not made up
that makes no sense
is it worse to deny climate change is real or say it is and then take big oils cash and frack the crap out of America?
for some one how is a federal senator you divinity know very little about the Constitution
THE GOP HAS TOTALLY TRAMPLED THE CONSTITUTION FOR THE PAST 25 YEARS. RIGGING VOTING AGAINST MINORITIES. CITIZENS UNITED.
you lying whore freedom of prosperity, it's not man how controls the climate its the SUN you run bitch
thank you for your tireless efforts. Please please hammer him continuously on the tax returns. Go all out "birther" if you must!!
The only Amendment the # GOP knows is the # 2nd. And they stretch the 2nd beyond its original intent.
Walpole MA resident here. Need your help w Spectra pipeline. Fracked gas near neighborhoods is dangerous & shortsighted. HELP!
yep, and what about the corrupt DNC, corrupt Media, corrupt Unions, and the corrupt Clinton Foundation? #CorruptClinton
it seems the only Amendment they like is the Second
what about your candidate who is backed by oil power nations that give no rights to women, other minorities? Shut up
you only want a Constitutional Convention to change Religious Rights. Sick disgusting cheat. Go to Communist China to live!
They prefer the 2nd Amendment.
@HillaryClinton @SenWarren Plz create a video exposing Trumps lies. He bashes Out Sourcing, but imports his Ties.
"as long as we can jail those climate change deniers..." - Typical Enviro Lib
The only way to get to the voters on global warming is to put some fear in them--like South Florida under water in 100 years
smh
I think you mistook @GOP for @HillaryClinton - oil-backed, abuse of power, stifling investigations, trampling on Constitution...
Now there, don't go trying to tear down what #DennisHastert built up! A giant of moral leadership among the @GOP - Hahahahah
Even so, we should not allow corps to have all the privileges of citizens but not the responsibilities.
I like & support big oil, it's products help me get 2 work to support my family. Are you anti-family? Climate change is BS
money in politics have been trampling our rights for decades now.
nobody cares about the 1st amendment all you hear about is the 2nd!
You don't address this to HRC, fracking world champion. Is it because she is original Goldwater republican.
get your facts straight, big oil supports @HillaryClinton. Vote @realDonaldTrump to rid DC of useless senators like you.
I know I know she had to take their money to compete with the guy who hardly gets any right right
HRC is 5th on top oil and gas cash list
don't you mean oil backed @TheDemocrats & @GOP ? Fossil fuel indust is paying both & parties won't make a strong stand against it
Its just crazy
Good thing you are against rigging. So I guess you dont suport @HillaryClinton anymore?
#Goofy Do your job!
then why don't you support the one bill, one vote? You like hiding stuff?

Wikileaks' Assange Hints Murdered DNC Staffer Was Email-Leaker, Offers $20k Reward For Info http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-08-10/wikileaks-assange-hints-murdered-dnc-staffer-was-email-leaker-offers-20k-reward-info …
That's okay @SenWarren, the 2nd Amendment people can just take care of that...I will never understand how ANYBODY supports them!
How much money did Hillary receive from oil-rich nations?
..and should be prosecuted for it.
what about when occidental oil donates over 1 mill to her private foundation to get BIG contract to control oil in IRAQ???
like oil companies that pay Hillary demoncrats accuse republicans very thing they do it's called projection mental disorder
.@SenWarren @GOP hey Liz, WHO gave $98mm to the Dem nominee to spend on TV ads? Surely not the little guy that u falsely claim 2 represent.
When the GOP defends freedom of speech about climate change, you call that stifling free speech? R U really George Orwell?
Here come Goofy!
Too bad u didn't get the call eh Lizzy? You're just a carboin copy knee jerk ultra liberal tring to asskiss your way higher.
we know the only amendment they care about is the 2nd
http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/jeannette-richard/obamas-trip-paris-climate-change-conference-cost-taxpayers-297629620 …
@SenWarren @GOP
There is a strategy to remove all restrictions to drilling, fracking etc. under the guise of energy independence.  1/2
If the succeed our country will look like  a toilet. What will you leave your children 2/2
is just another agenda driven liar. Push your lies elsewhere Pocahontas. @GOP
An agenda to address climate change makes her a liar? What's more astounding is how easily GOP'ers are hoodwinked.
Well since #ClimateChange is a lie and her lineage is a lie..... Who's "hoodwinked" #UsefulIdiot?
Yes, climate change is a lie. LOL! Thanks, that's all I need to know. Can't argue with anti-intellectualism.
of course your critically thinking mind knows that it's #SettledScience right. How open minded of you. #Shill
Free Market will take energy where it needs to go. Not "forced" carbon credits for poor.  Please deny this "isn't" coming?
- as long as y'all keep that 2A free from common sense regulations. Wouldn't want to stop madmen from easily getting guns.
but when Democrats like Hillary Clinton do it it's patriotic?
it's ALL about the money!  They would watch the world burn if they could profit from it.
Federal government should let the states do what they want, that's obvious. You didn't say anything. You had no context at all.
Hillary is
No different& those same people are choosing to back her now...yes trump is a psycho,but they know she's w/ them
O Trump! 2nd Amendment - 1st Amendment ≠ Democracy
only amendment they care about is 2nd & they'll sell out their country in the name of Supreme Court nominations
same as oil backed hillary
ur man ted crusty rec'd
 870k$ from #BIGOIL #HRC rec'd 250k$ bernie 36k$
Nice Job. I am a moderate and Gary Johnson supporter, but hope you will run one day, I'd vote for you.
#nevertrump
@SenWarren @GOP
Communist
facsist!
agreed
