This is the dumbest tweet I've ever seen WARREN ISNT QUAILIFIED TO BE PRESIDENT
any proof?
I've watch that tape he never raped anyone ...
@HouseDemocrats@reason Trump certainly didn't Rape anyone, he will be a great president
You sponsoring a bill abolishing the Federal Reserve or would that be biting the hands that feed you?
You backed the wrong president if THAT is a goal you have in mind.
You're talking about the guy that funded a huge portion of his own campaign.
Who built that money on a crooked banking system and who is friends with all those people?
So if you had the chance to get rich you wouldn't because the Fed existed? Zero sense
I didn't say that.  I said "Those bankers are and have been his colleagues"
Someone has to loan the money, bud. I say no Fed and only state charters for banks
and without his support, this issue will not be addressed and common man loses
Obstructionist.
The "tougher" Dodd-Frank rules have cost the economy countless jobs, prevented real recovery.
Should and will are two separate things.  I think this election told #Dems they abandoned mid class.
Crosscheck targeted voters of color to trash their ballots? We demand your voice. @CivilRights @POTUS @VP Today?
Remember when the #Dems reinstituted Glass-Steagall? Me either..
Hey Pocahontas, your side lost. You don't have a future place in #MAGA
Can we plz get Dem Leadership involved in LA Senate race?! Last outstanding seat in Senate and must need win for Dems!
LMFAO ...Hiawatha, you're done! Your voice is a joke. Dodd Frank is bye bye!! Go bake cookies!!
shut up you're part of the problem Elizabeth
You were once looked up to. As your Titanic sinks it's becoming clearer you should go down with your ship. Just quietly go down.
No one DT chooses will meet your approval, they are democrats.
Ya'll need to take a step back and re-visit why Trump hasn't released his taxes.
there isnt law that requires you to show your taxes to run for president.
Never said there was.It's called transparency and full disclosure.
DEAL WITH IT...
how is steve bannon a raist anti semite but @keithellison isnt can u explain what the reasoning is
The are both Horribly problematic.
like Hillary, right?  You're such a joke.
#Dems need an enema,purge every1 that didn't back #Bernie, >http://berniecrats.net/ , over #Hillary #DNC
ur a fringe tip toer,a scared pretend #Democrat just like #Obama.You'll never have #BernieSanders balls
such a fan of yours Elizabeth I am wondering about your thoughts on ufos?
@TheNormanLear @robreiner
@politico @carlbernstein @realBobWoodward 
ALL THE PRESIDENT'S BILLIONAIRES SUCK
#TRUMP SUCKS
no that can't do much but the same people who put him in will put him out for years from now
Start speaking for SENIORS! 3%/NO cost-of-living increase disaster4 millions! http://www.saukvalley.com/2016/11/08/millions-on-social-security-end-up-being-hurt-by-low-gasoline-prices/afam400/?page=2 …
and block every bill proposed by @realDonaldTrump
thank God your not in power. You would shut down the world if you could since the world might do something you don't like
This turn around will be so exciting. Crazies out of control. There is hope. Polar bears beware.
It is astounding that you found Wall St. rules to be just fine when you were all chummy w/Hillary. @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats
Hypocrites! Tone-deaf to 2016 election of Trump. All talk, no action. If you care so much, RESIGN!
u mean recount so we get hill u lost me Jill you're establishment after all what part of no hill don't u understand
fuck you and your possible 2020 run.
how does it feel to lose and lose huge...the people spoke and you lost now go into hiding and never come out!! Loser
No one is buying your shit Warren. You've lost all respect from progressives. Fuckin phony.
lost any hope in our DEM party - GREENS holding Bernie Message Party WE WANT GRASS ROOTS IN OFFICE NOW!
America is very happy with our choice. New hope for our country. No more globalism!
Trump"islam hates us".then Y he has business in Islamic countries Turkey,Qatar,UAE..etc.He's phony liar
Democrats should celebrate majority vote winning..and stop hiding like losers.Come forward.!!!
let's ask HRC about her Wall St rules.  The first of which is, give til it hurts gang and I will help u
Ms. Warren Please stop UNITED AIRLINES from Charging for Carry on bags  in the overhead bins - UNACCEPTABLE !!
And what prevented you Libs from doing that these past 8 years?

YOU ARE A JOKE POCAHONTAS......give it up.  You are apart of the reason the Democratic party is failing
and you supported HRC who's wealth is largely courtesy of Wall St...damn hypocrites! YOU ARE exactly why Trump Won!
Pathetic Pocahoantas... http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/12/anderson-cooper-shuts-elizabeth-warren-no-evidence-steve-bannon-white-supremacist-video/ …
With your progressive rantings @SenWarren the @HouseGOP will only grow as the @HouseDemocrats shrink. Keep up the good work.
While you're busy just slamming Trump, there's ACTUALLY important battles at Standing Rock being fought.
Sen Warren you have no credibility  #ShutUpPocohantas
You Democrats came close to destroying it 
From @billclinton ending Glass Steagall to Obama Regulations
good thing we won the #dapl fight at #standingrock. Now you can continue your lack of leadership on it and it will go unnoticed
there's a credo petition for Big Pharma giveaway bill. Your name is on it. Is this you? #Pharmaceutical
Shut up Fool..
delete Pocahontas' twitter! She's needs help
There you liberals go telling people what they SHOULD do! It will never change!
Your silence on #DAPL is likely costing you any last chance you had to maintain trust from progressives
UR R GONE!  We spoke, we won, u lost, bye bye Pocahontas.
Still waiting on #NoDAPL rants... #bestestablishmentdemocrat
Steven Mnuchin's company foreclosed on a 90 year old over 27 cents: http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/12/foreclosing-on-a-90-year-old-woman-over-27-cents-steven-mnuchins-days-at-onewest …
Hold strong SenWarren. So many of us still sit in your canoe. Waiting for Trump to fall
Claiming Steve Bannon is a "white supremacist" is like 
@SenWarren claiming she's a Cherokee Indian! She ain't! #Liawatha 
@HouseGOP
75,000 blank ballot in Michigan Devos was RNC from Michigan  How's your elementary school math 1+1=2
75,000 blank ballot in Michigan #Devos was RNC from Michigan  How's your elementary school math 1+1=2
Don't go away mad, Just go Away! Your a joke
Then maybe new leadership would get that done..not the same representatives that missed the ball during this election.
#smh
now that soneone us willing to do something you and your idiots oppose it. Warren you dont represent us
if dem electors vote for sane GOP person and so encourage 39 GOP electors to do same #it'sPossibleToStopTrump
that's why you supported Hillary right and endorsed her and campaigned with her! You are a #hypocrite
I support anything that will give you an 8 year meltdown LOL!!!
How in the name of God did a phony like you get into the senate? Pocohontus ...
when even Mika says you're shrill & unhinged you know it's time to hang it up
is anyone helping to get the seat in the Senate at upcoming race??
.@SenWarren @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats The Politibears ask you to quit your whining and audit the Fed. Do something productive for a change.
you had 8 years to push Wall Street regulations but since they line your pockets you did nothing
lol how funny that is coming from someone who supported the Clintons.
Send Bernie Sanders to Louisianna!!!!!!!!  You guys don't get it.
Dems have destroyed economy and are so out of touch with rural middle-class. Trump train to the rescue
Would you consider running for President? I would like to see you do this.
@dgarrick5534 please fight 4 us we do not want to roll over fight fight.. obstruct ..


democrats ...losers
Anderson Cooper was correct. Dems are way out of touch. Which is why you were creamed in the election.
You have time to attack Drumpf but not stand with Standing Rock? You lost almost all credibility among real progressives.
where is your statement on Standing Rock?
WHERE IS YOUR OUTRAGE WITH #DAPL ???!!!
lol You are ridiculous
YOU LIBERALS JUST WANT TO KEEP THE RACIST PLANTATION STRONG. YOU WANT PEOPLE UNEMPLOYED,U WANT DESPAIR

protect us from Wall Street. They've already done enough destruction
#SoreLosers #Draintheswamp
Because the democrats/liberals have helped our economy so much right? #20trillionindebt&count #next
I absolutely do NOT want to gamble with our US economy to make more Billionair Bankers & Speculators.
ENOUGH OF WALL STREET!! WHAT ABOUT TRUMP?? WHAT DO WE DO TO IMPEACH HIM? HE IS A LYING DISASTER!!
'cause it's worked so well for past 8 years? Get over yourself!  It's about the PEOPLE..not the POLS!!!
U really need 2 educate yourself regarding the electoral vote. It is used 2 prevent state supremacy. Let it go.
Exactly Ty
: oppose every trump action!  Every one!  If you let him win on the things we agree he'll move on...
Liberals added $10 trillion to debt 
And proud of it
Dump them!
Liberals want
human bee colony w govt at top. 
Workers all think/act alike!
 
says the party that has us in more debt than all presidents combined!
why didn't you begin 8 years ago with a dem president?
@BarneyFrank @SenChrisDodd #DumbAsses that cost buyers of fed backed loans Million$$$! @HouseGOP
Ya, The @CFPB from @SenChrisDodd  and @BarneyFrank that punishes new buyers with $500-$2000 is GREAT!
You and Pelosi are both NOT realistic in any of your views..Sour grapes & being a fear mogoling!..
Nobody suck more ass on wall Street then #CrookedHillary  and then you supported her
I can barely make it now financially because of what Obama & udid for the 8 years. I hope ur happy
Look at any D-politician twitter, they have resorted to straight up antagonizing ANYTHING Trump does just to create anarchy. Sick
u have done zero for enough with the same old
Crazy ....Democrats didn't get the most votes in the election either ....get over yourself.
I LOVE THE WAY U THINK. PLEASE SAVE  PEOPLE FROM #DRUMPSSTUPIDITY HE THINKS HE'S A KING &NO RULES APPLY
Have you seen the new numbers over 95 million out of work, the economy sucks despite what Libs say.
House Dems are so stupid they left Pelosi in her leadership job.They'll keep losing - because they're losers.
You are a sellout. You endorsed Clinton who has proven ties with Wall Street.No one takes you seriously
Hillary is Wall St, sweetheart. Unscramble that brain.
this wud be relevant if you had a fucking clue pocahontas
wallstreet rules that dont end the post scarcity state were IN are a WASTE OF FUCKING TIME
problem IS liberals base their bass akwards economics on union labor rules from the God damn 1940s
maybe get a reverse income tax, end compulsory consumerism to get yourself on the bargaining table
how do you intend in out lobbying billionaires? You can't out spend drug cartels.
would it be out of the question to have rules that don't go against the grain?
Give it up Elizabeth, we are "ALL" tired of you! You always act like a wack job when you are on CNN
Will YOU ever stop pissing and moaning and get to work. I'm sick of hearing you criticize constantly!
@SenSanders And it's a fight that is well worth every ounce of opposition..we can do this!:)
When the GOP back out of clilmate change I have picked the republican I'm going to stand on C. Christe
You haven't taken a stance against north Dakota pipeline? What gives??
especially considering senator warren identifies herself as Native American & is "Harvard Law's first woman of color"

why Steve knows how to drain the swamp
it's no surprise that she is intentionally misleading since she's been loose with facts her entire life
That's why you supported Hillary 'Wall Street' Clinton you massive hypocrite.
Warren continues to be one of the biggest loudest hypocrite of the "progressive" alt-left
Trump this Trump that...get a life you non-native american cunt.
You lady are a Joke, I can only hope you run in 2020 so @GOP can stay in power!
you had 8 years to do that.....i would hate to send you after an ambulance#youmoveslow
Didn't Bill Clinton sign the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act? He could have easily stopped it, but didn't.
I  think somethings wrong w/you ..u appear unfit .UR anger issues & the whole pocahontas issue GET HELP
I've been sending tweets to your other account @Pocahontas unsuccessfully, I think Russians hacked it.
No one is listening to U. U lost, we won!
We(Ma.) will be priority w/Pres Trump/Cabinet for any help. TYLiz You're doing what's best 4 us? I know, dems won
STHU you HYPOCRITE, didn't you get rich being in the senate.
they should reflect why they lost and why she meets w a Nazi george soros @SenWarren
She is UNHINGED, has learned nothing from Obama taking the Dem. party to far left.
no and I'm glad hopefully they will lose more seats in 2018 had enough of warren with her racist , bigot bs meets w nazi soros
Me 2, they are all unhinged, can't wait for Pelosi melt downs once PEOTUS Trump is in OUR WH!
I'm am so happy w rbejr lose and meltdown Hillary not my president is better then an actual xmas present
House of Democrats? How about House of Mess? You're a big flake.
enough already w your.nonsense your party lost have respect for the decision I have proof on video u met e nazi soros
How dare this fraud @SenWarren open her mouth?!?  We want to know how much money she took from SOROS! @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @trader2025
What r tougher rules for wall street? Im hearing people calling for tougher rules while take money from wall street.
It is giving me great pleasure watching you single handedly run the Dems into the ground!
ooppps...I forgot; we didn't win http://www.wsj.com/articles/democrats-send-their-regrets-1480638965 …
Lady! u have lost it. I recommend u take $ @HillaryClinton donors paid u & go away. Also find a BBC!
@SenSanders This #Wikileaks email indicates we would have the same fight w/ HRC
WILL THE PSYCHOness ever end? Trump is doing a FANTASTIC JOB!!!!
take a long hard look at this, Fauxcohantis.
Elizabeth Warren's $5 Million Dollar "Tepee" ....looks Colonial -Irony & Hypocrisy ...
is a vile lying fraud. We the PEOPLE are sick of her lies! #LockHerUp #sorosagenda #Pocahontas @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @CNN
How DARE @SenWarren open her fraud mouth while she takes direction & money from SOROS?? Get lost #Pocahontas! #sorosagenda @HouseGOP @OANN
and you sided with @HillaryClinton what what???
Delete your account
You and Hillary are puppets for Wall Street. Shut up already.
You sound like a whining baby! How in the world did you get elected?
House Dems should include LGBT ppl as "ppl they side with." That means, Sen Warren, u can't support Scott Brown.
