maybe if the democrat govt in flint made people pay their water bills this wouldn't have happened!
Rick synder is a Republican. Can't drink it or bath in it. And u want them to pay. Your a Republican
the payment issues started 10 years ago. Dems have run that city, and every other crappy city for 100 yrs.
Now poisoning the water, what great government service! Just makes u want more and more! LOL
Warren 2020
Dear @SenWarren have u even read the #PodestaEmails? Moral courage would be supporting 3rd party, not backing corrupt politics like HRC...
@fuller_derek or be president or run for president
@Suzie4Hillary4A Republicans Have no Morals, None.
Any progressive who wouldn't stand with Bernie when it mattered is dead to me and isn't a progressive firebrand anymore just poli
you mean the democrat municipal government there?
@oliviawilde you mean like Hillary Clinton?
Bet you are eyeballing some houses to flip aren't you?
@antonio5591 Those are the ppl who will vote 4 trump.
@LiberalJaxx 
I am proud of the DEMS today. How can the GOP refuse 2 find help 4 Flint? They have no water! In 2016. Deplorables
Flint has been ran by Democrat's for 50 years
Can you bus children to DC and have them camped on Hill steps?
you speak for me. I wish I was in your constituency!!!
you said it!!
or as president?
@oliviawilde which is 97% of Congress, including you! If you cared, there'd be efforts
keep fighting for us...our country needs you
why don't you blame the liberals who run flint
You still sound like a nincompoop, ought to fire whoever writes your material.
is this a political move such as included in the budget bill but should be a separate issue by itself? Hhmmm # notdumb #truth
Trump has been there in a big way !!!!!
Democrats destroy it and expect the rest of the country to fix their mess.
seeing ppl placing $ over human lives in replies here is epitome of conserv values. Conservatives w/o Conscience.
@realDonaldTrump a trump only stands with himself! This man is an embarrassment to  #nevertrump
@oliviawilde been going on for years what has the Crook @HillaryClinton done about it Nothing!
not to mention Trump wants LESS regulations. Like we can trust corporate greed to keep us all safe. 
not only Flint, I heard some places may have Chromium 6 (hexavalent chromium) problem. What is your plan to tackle this problem?
get the money from GM since they still owe the federal government.
I agree. Keep up the great work. You are the champion of telling it like it REALLY is. 
@Plantflowes   You go girl!
ABSOLUTELY!!!
Take it on the road! Scream it on the rooftop. You can't let them get away with this. Don't criticize, go AFTER THEM.
@oliviawilde or ask @HillaryClinton why her & her charity don't send water? It taste like @realDonaldTrump ass
That's pretty much the GOP and Michigan's republican governor.
You don't give a shit about Flint, MI.  What's in the legislation for you and your croney's?
thank you for supporting this
They have a separate bill for Flint but Elizabeth Warren is politicizing this and it stops funding for flood and Zika victims
make the republicans drink the water of Flint everyday
what about politicians who ruthlessly destroy livelihoods of Coal miners/devastate their communities? Do they have moral courage?
@HouseDemocrats have had many options, but chose party politics over Flint. @thedemocrats made problem and won't solve.Typical.
Republicans just don't care! You are amazing, keep fighting for those who can't fight for themselves! You are a firecracker! 
.@SenWarren @CNN @FoxNews Strip all added items away, vote budget. Water bill separate.
well said
So are you talking about the Democrats?
debate question....??
@oliviawilde Democrat local government Democrat mayor Democrat Governor now Democrat congressmen bail them out #ShutItDown
nobody is choking on poison water you LIAR, Why won't YOU STAND WITH THE PEOPLE IN Louisiana? Could it be they have more Repubs ?
Yeah, forget about the Democrats that actually created Flint...........
this is a joke, right? It's gotta be a joke, look at who's on your side
Flint, MI is living with the consequences of having allowed Democrats to run their city for way too long.
Republicans are to be pitied.
we are doomed!
could u name all the bills u have brought to fl on Flint I know u r more than wind n air that is Sitting Cloud's area
Flint kids can't drink the water in their homes. If Trump paid taxes, maybe they could.
2 not take care of an American city is an absolute shame. That is such a completely Un-American thing to do. Name those NO voters
Anyone making a buck off fake heritage doesn't have the moral standing to be in Congress. NEXT?
please list the names of members of congress who refuse to vote funds for relief
Have you never heard of politicians?
it's a sin that congress refused bill 4 Flint & La. I hope every Republican is kicked! #VoteBlueNoMatterWho!
this would be done already if both parties put aside their party agendas
Republicans think screwing Flint is screwing Obama. You're working with a bunch of mentally challenged men.
if bags of cash can get approved to Iran then flint should not even be a discussion...smh politics is a sad game
Love seeing politicians like @pattymurray, @SenWarren, and @SenSanders step up for the folks in my hometown. Republicans, get with it please
I guess it's a good thing Clinton isn't in Congress anymore, cuz that would be awkward.
choking on poisoned water?you can't swallow it?liberals just love to exaggerate and lie without facts
What are you talking about? Your a damn Senator - it's YOUR job to get it done. Lead, follow, or get out of the way!

Agreed!
Moral courage? You are raising the bar too fast...lol
The Congress has its priorities upside down. Thank you for being on the right side.
Have you read 'The Enemy Of The People' lately?
So proud of our Democrats who stand up for what is right even if it means a shutdown.
@elizabethforma They are elected like you but with bigger margins and sometimes bigger & more relevant states
we re talking about republicans never have been there for anyone but for themselves
The party of Trump that can't find a way to legislate and  help this city poisoned by a corrupt GOP Michigan governor.
Have you checked for flint in the water? That is the towns namesake after all...problem solved
What happened to your moral courage to stand with #BernieSanders ? A little self reflection seems to be in order #LockHerUp
or call themselves Christian.
what a shit human being.
Thank you @SenWarren These #senators are #deplorable hopelessly out of touch with #voters who pay for their fat #pensions & #vacations
The Republicans in the House,lead by Ryan, are just despicable excuses for representative s of this country!
Michigan ran by democrats for years no wonder there's problems
but the guy who made the decision to switch the water was a Republican!
The people who chose to do nothing about the water situation for a year+ were also republicans.
as always @SenWarren is fighting for the voiceless, will we hear her?
I agree,yet nothing is being done by govt
Between Trump and Marc Cuban, that could be taken care of without a blink, couldn't it? These filthy rich people need to man up.
congress is definitely in session because nothing's getting done

way to work across the aisle senator
.@SenWarren Similar to your own lack of moral courage to endorse @BernieSanders in the primary, right @SenWarren?
You know the problems Palestinians are having with water access, yet you discouraged Obama from helping them at all! Hypocrite.
ummmm are you forgetting Hillary has lsaid nothing of Flint since primarying in MI? Liz, stop it. You just look silly now
....you have courage Senator....very proud that you represent us!
It's not just immoral to deny funds for Flint. It's CRIMINAL.
if only it were actually criminal
The whole GOP congress would be in prison by now. @SenWarren
Liz, say Hi from H @HillaryClinton . I won yesterday #debates. #Tatiana #SheWon
Just say Republican and simplify things.
