we had big scandal in my school district, superintendent and teachers getting fake degrees from phoney online schools.
We see you Senator Elizabeth Warren. Your career is going nowhere
This is Donald Trump...a man of action

Thanks to @OANN for putting this together. Watch it in FULL…
Boston Celtics-Chicago Bulls: 107-100 :)
You mean so a person can't pretend to be something they are not just to get into higher education at expense of others?
return the money
- should also not be paying professors 350k per year.
You seek approval from a newspaper? They do not represent your constituents. What's wrong with this picture?
Why Last Week Tonight with John Oliver - President Elect Trump Is Better Than Yours https://youtu.be/dvzh-9VfR8w 
how about raising standards for politicians
way to late no one cares now after the race has been won
Get the govt out of college loans with no bankruptcy  better than more gov't regs. Bankruptcy makes schools accountable.
how much did @nytimes donate to the Clinton Corupt Foundation?  (CCP) you're all criminals.  @realDonaldTrump will prevail! #DTS
https://twitter.com/dsstpubschools/status/795020064592457728 ….   Do the right thing son charter schools in Mass.  no place to hide. No excuses
“...It is immoral to deny children a better education because charters don’t meet some voters’ ideal of what a public school should be." https://twitter.com/DLeonhardt/status/794931553356890113 …
so interested in fighting corruption in corporations etc. but blind to Clinton Cartel lawlessness. She is part of issue @nytimes
Speaking of accountability...
where are all of your Hillary tweets? Why do you not follow her anymore?
@dianaaitchison @nytimes Cant wait to see @gehrig38 run for your Senate seat.
Free college for everyone? Some one pays. Always. Got to rob from someone to do it. Big Business?
oh gee what a surprise, jef bezos blog supporting a democrat lol
ALL ABOARD #TrumpTrain 

#TrumpPence16 #MAGA
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders Cancel Joint Campaign Events http://townhall.com/tipsheet/christinerousselle/2016/10/03/hillary-clinton-and-bernie-sanders-cancel-joint-campaign-events-n2227091 …
What about Dickileaks? No comment?
your a b...t just like hillary
I'm just squeaking  by on SSDI
why do you  lie ? About being Indian  why do you take  400000 for one http://class.you  should resign for lying an making double  pay
Your proposal sucks
the NYT is the NEW NATIONAL ENQUIRER
Maybe nurses #RNs will get adequate mental health ed  b/c now they get zilch making them unfit for duty in med. field
They're your employees.
we deplorables are going to beat you!!!!!
how bout you tell these young ppl to get off their asses and work to pay for it like the good old days? handouts always.
yea just like you Indian girl. Hypocrite
enhanced accountability act, r u for real, do u think that will buy u more votes when HC is above law tarnished the FBI
Hillarys plan?
Time to yank accreditation for all Christian colleges and universities!  Right,  comrades?!
how about passing corruption laws, you took fines and gave them to #Democratic orgs. Just like #Hillary
deflection always deal with issue
doesn't the New York Times always agree with u all lol

Urgent: please help Standing Rock Sioux Tribe now!! North Dakota police using tactics such as strip-searching women and elders.
idea how the real world works for everyday Americans and should never hold a position in office again!! Pathetic Massachusetts!!!
disgusting, corrupt, self-absorbed, narcissistic politician who has no
Dems Today R A New Breed, They Lie, they create false naratives, watch the video and u decide https://youtu.be/EEQvsK5w-jY 
How about he hold @hillaryclinton accountable for all the lies that spew out of her mouth?
sure thing we all know Times is dems bias
wow, not that I am surprised almost nobody comments on this ladies shit. Must be no votes for #Hillary here
They said they never heard of you.
agree and college tuition needs to be affordable, trade schools should also be respected educational opportunities
So how about instead of taking away education from already impoverished areas cut the DEFENCE budget and stop WARS.
The REAL reason poor schools do poorly is LACK of funding to hire the GREAT teachers because otherwise they LEAVE.
THIS is a horrible idea because small collages in small areas that are limited to education already will be shut down.
IGNORING TREASONOUS ACTS BEING COMMITTED BY THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY, TO SWAY THIS ELECTION, MAKES YOU AN ACCOMPLICE.
Tuitions have to be rolled back. $60K is not affordable for the middle class, even with loans or subsidies.

I agree==>  @julieoakman727 "something wrong with their brains" liberalism is faulty wiring.
"My Vote"

Looks like #ElizabethWarren has TWO faces too.

…
time to remove sec chair and change wall street cheats ... cirrupted system, how can companies beat the lowered earning targets?
@SEC_Enforcement they are manipulating again today due to option expiration!
people's opinions do not matter anymore?
do your job !
that's great! Do you know anything about the 
#ProjectVeritas videos?
couldn't be infringed.
clean up 1st to ensure that those working hard are given the opportunities to even innovate, to create their own enterprises that
One can continue to educate students, but if there are no jobs, or the best aren't hired, how good is it? Maybe, it's better to
what about accountability and fitness for duty for trump. Make him take a drug test. Or are you afraid if he gets in???
why aren't you organizing a commitee to accuse trump of treason, i thought you had clout to end this bigot,
Thank you Senator Warren!! Hope you're watching the Al E Smith Dinner #ImWithWarren
two-faced hack. now you support someone who disagrees with you on this position too #sickening #sellout
Great job Senator. Hope you can protect students from other Trump University scammers
So, what, you can get accredited as a Native American?
Remember to mention  that Hillary Clinton has to be accountable for CORRUPTION, LIES etc.
Liz, don't you ever sleep, or take in a movie, or just hang out with friends?
Good idea Senator Liz! Too much taxpayer $$$$ being wasted on fly-by-nite diploma mills.
Until college finance solved, outside evaluation of appropriateness of costs should be provided.
and less pay for professors
Yes! Senator Elizabeth Warren! Go Get Um!
I dont trust Warren because she supports hillary
... you are a strange bird.. and a lying one too. Why do you all lie so pathologically? What is wrong inside your brain?
@sparkyNadine @nytimes Haaabooba,Pocahontas
I also suggest the Congress only accepts handwritten laws by lawmakers only, to cut down on pages written
I admire you Senator Warren. You are a strong voice for the people. I wished you were a monirator

U were paid 350k to teach ONE class  @ Harvard, and you preach lower tuition costs?
 Its because of U they R so high.
You should have ran for President Elizabeth! There might not be a US after Hillary is done.
higher standards eh?
Newsflash: Democrats are lying, cheating lowlifes. The latest example is exalted leader of the DNC, Donna Brazile. http://therightscoop.com/megyn-kelly-obliterates-dnc-chair-donna-brazile-giving-hillary-cnn-debate-questions/ …
Get the Fed out of the education systems and save 180 billion. To many colleges supporting unqualified students--waste

Could B your 1st accomplishment ever!
I appreciate you so very much. Never stop fighting for us
 Never!
Sen Warren, honest? from public HIED staff. Will yr bill elim accred peer review? Proj impact on public HBCUs & MSIs?
curt shilling will beat you Indian princess
Cuz everybody loves a bigot.
Ms Warren I caught your remarks the other day. Some men (Trump) should acted like men not spoiled little boys. Give him hell
I applaud your efforts.  We need comprehensive reform to the US post-secondary education system. https://www.amacad.org/content/publications/pubContent.aspx?d=22365 …
.@SenWarren Now,you can work on something for TV and Internet broadcasters-they should be licensed and held accountable for what they spew.
having worked for one of these institutions, I can say: Shut them all down!  The owners are criminal!
Indian princess has spoken kemo sabe
i can't vote 4-2 bigots! my standers won't allow me 2; & war profiteers; my vote will be green as a DEMs; @DrJillStein;
Pocahontas beating the "tom toms" again!!
This your version of Christian behavior. Making a racial slur.
opening eyes to evil is a part of it, yes! They are not slurs of any kind when it is true!
Pocahontas is not a racial slur? You are disgusting and certainly no Christian.
she was the one who said she was American Indian to get a position when she knew she wasn't one, not me!
Our presidential candidates need enhanced accountability as well, wish you would call for that.
A........act of happiness.
#ilovelizzie
It must be a pretty picture. You dropping to your knees” #VoteOrGrope http://www.voteorgrope.org/ 
