Hundreds of thousands of you stood up to the lobbyists for the conflict of interest rule & we won. Today we celebrate. THANK YOU.
You have no idea what's in health care plan so put a cork in it til you know
So why didn't you hold the 17billion dollar thieves accountable ?you would any average citizen who stole a lot less
It's sounds great, but how are investment advisers getting paid differently now?
Please save our democracy. Write a bill or something to prevent Russia or any enemy from effecting our elections.
I agree and demand voter ID to keep them Russians out of the voting booths! 
Trump keeps making fatal mistakes 17 Billion out of tax payers pocket s Thanks for protecting the working class vs Trump
Yay for Senator Warren. I am so glad u ran. Im glad u r fighting for me. A soon to be retiree. Keep fighting. I support u.
You have got to run for president!!
Keep ACA intact!!
Wow!!! I'm not from US, but congrats!!! You inspired me to keep fighting back here in Brazil!! 
Nooooo. Allan, don't put your faith in this person.  Do just the opposite, and you'll be fine.  Back away from the Kool Aid
You're wonderful!
Waste of time,  this law can't make advisors do diddly shit,
@TommyBoardman This woman is the one to watch for the next election in US. Strong contender to be first female president.
Corporations are people now , remember ! Where's the trial for stealing 17 billion?
You are the best thank you for all you do for the country....

It's amazing we have to pass a law requiring financial advisors to act in best interests of their clients.
Right
Thanks Sen Warren
So we discovered a massive crime ( skimming 17billion) where's the punishment ?????
my parents vote straight R. But they suffer bc they can’t afford retirement. Thank you for fighting on their behalf anyway.
Or how about 17 'We love you Senator Warren' 's
Love her high cheek bones!
You are the best
Under what guidelines cuckold
With these cowboys in power, all bets off,dems need really good candidates for mid terms!
Thank you Madam Senator
5you should have been President Elizabeth
I have a Realtor Lic and I have a Fiduciary responsibility to act in my client's best interests. Certainly a financial advisor must!
Are these people actually stupid enough to believe your bs? Sadly you know and we know they are. You know how easy it is to fool them
This is a must to see. More money grubbing from the Trump team.
Good job
SENATOR WARREN KNOWS HOW TO GET THINGS DONE
The CFPA you set up is a scam; no oversight not even Congress; they are running free and wild; spent zillions on new offices in DC
So should Dems and Repubs
When are you going to step down!
Senator, you need to run for President. I know, you’re just too smart to do that. Americans need you on our side, all of us!
You are an establishment shill who lies to regular people. The epitome of snake in the grass. A liar, a fraud, and a destructive force.
Yes! Senator Professor Warren making good points on fiduciary duty.
If you haven't listened or ICYMI please listen and share. Important message of what was accomplished.
Thank you!
It is very disconcerting to see Dodd-Frank go by the wayside.
Love her! 

#ElizabethWarren
#money
#retirement 
#finance
#politics
#WallStreet 
#GOPathetic
@NancyPelosi ROCKS! Thank you FOR STANDING UP FOR US your California constituents! We love and support everything you said TODAY!
Fighting back does help. Threats to working> retirees may come back under Trump... so don't stop. Don't burn out... keep alert! Thanks!
No body cares about you
@sargento_lewis 
Thank you, Senstor Warren!
 This is what we need in this country, and why we love you. 
(And... Prez 2020??)
No matter how much you flap your arms, you are not going to fly
Blablabla.
Sen. Warren....we agree that financial advisers shall put the interests of their clients above all else....Congratulations...!
Awesome.  We all can make a difference.
Thank you @SenWarren. Please run for President.
...and that's why I endorse Hillary Clinton for the president of United States."
2008 dems had all 3 houses of power & did nothing about immigration,schools,taxes,wages,social security,Wall Street,term limits,etc
Yeah, just as crazy as you claiming to be be a native American to gain preferential treatment under Affirmative Action quotas #Fauxchohantas
Trust, honesty of Senator Warren
Called my senators yesterday
Dear Liz: does that mean the @SenateDems are willing to restore the funds stolen from #SSTrustFund? With interest? Right now?
Not with trump at the helm. No, I didn't capitalize his name. He doesn't deserve any respect, period!

I'm a Financial Advisor and I love this rule, my clients don't deserve to be prayed upon, this makes us accountable! Good Job!
thanks Senator !!
Great work!


Need to work on your voice and cadence if you want people to listen to you.
People make bad decisions on investments because they think they can make easy money. No such thing. Brokers lie just like politicians.
How about non taxable retirement accounts and get the government out of the retirement business. Let me decide what my investments  are.
Lobbyists are there because of the system you lawmakers have made for yourselves you put forth their laws with no thought for citizens
Just like the government. We don't get a free retirement. You plugs need ran out if washington
Thanks for educating us. Thanks for caring.
#WrongChoiceAct could undermine that. Let's kill that bill.
Keep up the fight. Tell us what we can do. State help? Contact, then what? I want to help. My son's trying to get through college. Scary
I have a crazy idea.  Maybe as free adults we should be able to make our own decisions and a nanny state doesn't need to make dumb laws
You are beyond wonderful! Thank you for all you do!
You've been spcl advsr for consumer fraud for over 10 yrs. It took you this long after thousands lost their retirement accounts? Shame.
If U love the little ppl having a chance, U hv 2 LUV Sen Warren!
I love Senator Warren. Here is someone that wants investment bankers to serve us the American people. Let us make $ for our retirement.
Mahalo nui Senator Warren, we appreciate your leadership and spirit. You are the Integrity we need
Go away teamp
Thank you for staying on this!
Thank you
And Senator you should also put the Veterans Citizen's First not you politicians
The craziest thing about this news is the realizing is that it hasn't been this way all along.  Thank you @senWarren
If 178,000 afforded this remedy on this topic imagine the issues that plague American people. #T.E.A.M.
It sounds great in theory, but will have the exact OPPOSITE AFFECT for middle class consumers and investors.
Imagine if law makers and politicians had to put the needs of their constituents first.  Of course that will never happen!
Trump & the GOP are destroying the country and you're worried about financial advice?
#saturdaymorning #resist @SenSchumer @SenSanders
But U could care less about 9M US ppl abroad that can't even have a bank account b/c of #FATCA & citizen tax, let alone save 4 retirement.
TRUMP bots activated
Thank you for your service. Please run for president
Obama held stock in JP Morgan, bailed out JP Morgan during the crisis.  hypocrites
The new fiduciary law needs to go into effect immediately!
Great when are you going to start putting the people first and stop your wasteful spending do something pass a 8 yr minimum for politician
Sounds good until broken government gets involved with over-reach mess that only helps wealthy donors.
#shutupLiz.  For tears you politicians put only your own interests first. Where the laws to protects us against you? #partisanhack
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for me. Thanks President Obama.
No more Enrons. States have pensions underfunded and endangered. Need this act.
Well considering you are crazy any idea you would have would be crazy.
I always seem to agree with you just wish you didn't accept me wanting to follow you.
Elizabeth Warren, I love you!
Thank u!! We need more of u out there
Isn't it ridiculous that this is an issue? Like meat producers should be certain their product doesn't hurt the consumer.
for now.  the gop aint done yet, and dems seem invisible,  except for Warren and Kander
One lobbist out BSed another lobbist for the win.
Thank you for creating this rule; it is much needed!
You should have #ran.. you would've #needed an #innercircle with some balls, #grit & #fight to #offset your #gentle 2 fight those #crooks
Yes, now retail investors can't rip us off! Telling us to invest in something only they will make money selling us! Thank you!
This is the progressive party
Thank you Elizabeth Warren for representing our interest. Keep up the outstanding n incredible job you do!
Thank You! Having worked in securities industry, They are merely sales people selling what they sell whether it is safe or suitable or not
Thank you @SenWarren , unfortunately in Puerto Rico, the SEC allows investment advisors to put their interests over those of investors, help
@senwarren at her Best. Fighting for the little men and women.
They are scaring me to death!!
Now what? It's a cycle of failure.
Obama and YOU have ruined my IRA.  Now I have to take proveeds out of it and cannot re-invest them in the IRA. And pay taxes on it!
Oh please, her Wall St. friends are doing just fine!
my prediction Warren 2020...1st lady president.. Americans are ready for you Warren
Why shouldn't all businesses be required to put their customers' interests first?
Thank you for always fighting for the American people!
Yeah!
Hey look it's the shaken lady syndrome with no outlet she is sure to pop fist making head shaker ! Look in da mirror , there u find ur prob
I have a crazy idea,  RETIRE.
I'm gonna faint-something we finally agree on. Nice!
#protectDoddFrank
What's the law on claiming you have high cheek bones and being handed an education and a job as a token fake Indian?
You are a Winner Elizabeth  Warren. Ty
It's a shame.  It is a pointless law and it put a lot of Massachusetts residents on the unemployment line.
There should be law that politicians put citizens desires before themselves.
Thank you Elizabeth keep up the Mazing fight!
You never put anybodies interest above yours. You take from some to get votes. Time to stop that.
The Republicans are for billionaires, millionaires, the very rich and the special interest groups not for the average American people
I don't understand why trump supporters can't see this.
We have no obligation to old people. They had their chance. #alternativefacts
So are you retiring? Yay!
I am disgusted with yesterday's actions by traitor McConnell. A true enemy of us.
Thank you!!
We should be allowed to withdraw our funds without penalty when we see the market tanking. Currently if we do we get screwed by the GOV too!
You can leave it in an IRA account as just cash without penalty... so... yeah....
Caveat Emptor: we need fewer laws, and smaller government.
But, who is watching them now to make sure they are actually doing this??
Thank you for standing up for Americans.
As a nurse my patients come first as a citizen my country doesn't want to put us first banks yes us no
@SenWarren Thank you
The last 7 yrs at my job I tried & tried 2 get r 401K people 2 tell me how much fees I've paid @ end of yr stmts how difficult cd that be?
Pleas go back to making peace pipes. You know nothing about life.
You are on Twitter WAY too much. And you wear the same clothes WAY too much. MAGA
It is not crazy. It is how it should be. Is that or to pass a low to label financial advisers scammers. That'd be a crazy idea. 
Don't throw them all in one basket,  there were plenty of advisers who followed the Fiduciary rule before Warren past it..
Though its a great thing she did.. its a good rule!
I love you so much
Thank you
