Let the #CONSUMERS WHO LOST EVERYTHING & THE OTHER CONSUMERS WHO ARE ABOUT TO LOSE EVERYTHING #TESTIFY WE THE PEOPLE MUST BE HEARD!!!!!
Before or after they are arrested?
Don't make this a corporate Russia thing- just make them pay for my @LifeLock so I'm protected. Make a difference that matters lady
What about the stock they sold before informing the public and Wallstreet about the breach!!!!
And serve time in prison
That CEO has no SHAME.
Those affected shouldn't have to freeze their accounts,it should be done for them.
In orange jumpsuits
He should do that. 
On his way to jail.
@SenWarren do we know when equifax will appear before any senate committee?
None of them should be allowed to retire or leave until the truth of the matter is understood. They are all accountable
Congress needs to introduce legislation regulating all the credit companies ASAP!!!
So I can waste tax dollars putting on a show!
Really, why? All the gov. committees don't do shit, but waste money.
Creditors control our lives, yet they can easily destroy it with no repercussion. Hold their feet to the fire! We shouldn't be products!
Well stated
Because a tweet is the same as actually doing something
Why don't you help your constituents. Make Equifax freeze all credit reports, try being original 4 once
especially after their stock shenanigans before it went public- #JailTime
They'll continue to lie and lie some more
Should i close my wells fargo account?
@SenWarren HOW MANY SHARES DID @Equifax MANAGEMENT/RELATIVES SELL BEFORE ANNOUNCEMENT......
So why aren't they?!
So they can hand you a check directly?

We saw your true colors in 2016.   #bernieorbust you fraud.
They retire with full benefits full pay and life long accumulated bonuses and access to their own accounts on top. What a justice.
Testify? where's the flipping indictments? Swat teams?All used against the 99%?geezus! This is an awful game of fake theater of justice 
Agree.  Irresponsible.
In open hearings, enough of closed doors!
SENATOR THE POPE MUST HAVE THE 666 THAT WAS PROPHESY THE CHURCH KNOW THIS!
What’s happening with respect to the apparent insider trading that happened?
With all due respect senator, u talk tough, but when push comes to shove, u self-servingly endorse the antithesis of what u claim to stand 4
Then what?
And if they sold stock ahead of announcement they should be tried for insider trading. The CEO got a huge parachute package. That is wrong
And yes. I try not to use credit. Nothings free!
Maybe we should move 3 million people if climate change doesnt exist. Something does.
And you should testify about why you didn’t do enough beforehand in this day and age.
But senator, the government wants them to self report now. 
Yes!
How about the senate fix our $20,000,000,000,000 debt before talking down to credit people.
When the WALL ST. FINANCIAL TERRORISTS took over the CCM they raised gas over 50% in 5 seconds. They took it up 150% during HARVEY?
Do they have to create the GREATEST DEPRESSION in USA history before Congress takes action? Are "we the people" so insignificant?
#WhatIf Putin ordered the hit on Equifax? 
First clue: the Golden Parachutes for retiring CEO, CIO, & CSO of Equifax will be paid in Rubles.
Until corporate officers are prosecuted for breaking the law, this will never end. #ProsecutionOverParachutes
What "law" did they break?  Civil liability? Looks that way. Still alot we don't know
Yeah, from jail!
you are on the case sister warren  well done
I am so sick of you and your committees. Republican or Democrat. Do something. We've had enough of your committee meetings
Testify for what...so that they can lie to the public IN public?!!!They need to be LOCKED UP #IJS It won't happen though #Facts
So should @SenWarren
Take them to task @SenWarren! I am freezing everything to protect my 81 y/o Mom's retirement.
Congress should do it's duty: punish such dangerously irresponsible executives severely enough to frighten all into doing right.
You accidentally typed "testify" instead of "be executed"
And explain why they and/or staff sold shares of their stock before informing the American ppl about the breach
Unacceptable!
Yes, they should, Senator.  Please try to make that happen.  We appreciate you so much!!!
We are with you 100%!! @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
They should all go to jail and they should have to pay for any and all security measures we the victims have to put in place.
RIGHT ON ROB! They're HEARTLESS..Selfish and GREED!! JAIL term to those 2!!
Thanks Senator Warren!
They should go to jail!
In a public forum!
So you Senators can learn their tactics?
What about our government breaches. Who was fired and jailed?
