Big banks want #WrongCHOICEAct's giveaways. Badly. http://bit.ly/2qpmFv7  http://bit.ly/2pt5SWq  http://wapo.st/2oUEnGL  
Today @FSCDems are standing firm against the #WrongCHOICEAct that rolls back Wall Street reform. Dems will fight back every step of the way.
The GOP may want to forget the devastating financial crisis that crashed the economy, but the American people haven’t – and neither will we.
I stand with you!  2008 caused major problems. House lost, wife by by and 30 years self built business - Goners
How is that support and endorsement of The Wall St. sweetheart  $2.5 Trillion dollar   SSGA Corp. working out for you?Care to talk about it
As if you would know. It said working class people,you don't hit a lick at a snake.
Liz, you're an insult to working families.
House Financial Services Committee members voting for the bill received 80% more money ($72K) from banks than those who voted against ($40K)
Anything to appease the wealthy of course. .
Warren, if you're so concerned about big bankers gaining power, why did you cast your support for HRC over Bernie?
Crickets
Dumb questions generally deserve crickets.
A Trump ism. No real answer, deny the question
Obama sure does like those big banks, eh, & so do u.
Hypocrite.
Thank you for fighting
Labores! That's all they want, just like 62$ a week for Ivanka clothing employees
Rings, Necklaces, Pendants, Watches and more
the only reason you say that is because you didn't think about it. Saw you on morning Joe. Yesterday What a hypocrite.
Thank you Warren for your passionate fight for middle class Americans in these terrible times! We will #resist with you
How about your buddy Obama taking 400k to speak to wall street? You don't care about that though.
More fake news
I'm upset with Obama's Wall Street speaking fee: is he a sell out ? I voted for him

@ap @POTUS #Senwarren Tell us why, what and your remedies. All bluster but no action. She's running for @WhiteHouse and must be stopped.
False. Big banks want the status quo. Community banks and small businesses on Main Street want the Financial #CHOICEact.
@RealBankReform Thank God for you, Senator.
WHAT IS IN THE HEALTH CARE PROPOSEL???  WE, the PEOPLE, should know!! I vote no until I see it, not afterwards when it's too late.
Please fight for the working families in this country.  Go Elizabeth and Bernie
Cant take you seriously when your slamming Obama.
How did you become rich? Be Honest ! ! ! ! !
Trump cares nothing about the American people. All of the EOs reversing the protections for people will only help rich get richer!
You are an insult to America.
@SenWarren #2020
It's a great thing, an I don't believe we care what you have to say, loser
@CitizensFedUp #Veterans #Law Trump-Russia Grand Jury Underway, Indictments Expected Pssttt....They ARE Panicking https://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/indictments-grand-juries-trump-russia/2498/ …
@SenWarren is an insult to government
Since when R U worried about we working families? Where were U for the last 8 yrs??? Hypocrites! Liars!
Omg
Such a *long* bill from the party who says laws should only read a few pages
You supported al, f this, and said nothing while Obama bailed them out. Shame shame shame shame on you. For supporting Hillary over Greens
@SenWarren, just love you and love the way you are taking this fight! Get together with all dems in senate & house to find a way out4 GOP
Shut up. Please stop talking
I am a working family and it is not insulting to me. You are #fakenews
Why do you think it's a good idea to deregulate banks?
@SenWarren @SenSanders Dems biggest obstacle is themselves. Criticising Obama - are there not bigger issues at hand? #GetitTogether
Why should we believe anyone who lied about being a Native American for the sole purpose of making money. Glad u aren't running in 2020
How much of it have you read? How much of it can you even understand? And how much of it can you even let your constituents know? Nothing.
B Clinton repealed Glass-Steagel in 1999 which set the stage for banking crisis yet you never mention that. Hypocritical?
Trump lied to his base about "draining the swamp." Grifter stuffing his & his ilk's pockets at Americans expense. War on US Democracy.
#Obamacare over 2300 pages of insults to the American people.
So are you! You checked a box. Can you win re-election on your own merit or will you need a Sugar Daddy again.
Big banks funding Clinton foundation and 400,000 to Hussein Obama
Just like the tax code, affordable heath care act ,  the federal budget, war on drigs...
Kinda like you being a senator is an insult to working families.
Big Banks like @WellsFargo @Chase @BankofAmerica all of whom are huge DEM contributors and escaped any real scrutiny by the unelected CFPB
Your advocacy for socialism, higher taxes & more debt is an insult to people with jobs. #Caring  #tcot #MAGA #WhyTheyLost
Don't aggravate yourself -The  schmucks love getting fcked!
Please fight against this terrible bill, Senator.
Condensed version: Give is your money and go away
YOU Senator Warren are an insult to the hard working American
I can't listen to you anymore since you bashed Obama. Bad move Liz, plus so damn wrong.
You have no clue about working families, nor do you care, we aren't buying this act.
This is appalling!
Yes absolutely not in our interest as the countrymen of our nation. Shout him down so to speak.
Haters gonna hate. You hang in there and fight, Senator Warren. Thank you.
Those big bad banks that employ millions of hard working Americans?
And exactly what do you know about working families? Shut up already.
#politicalembarassmentfeommassachusetts who in the bloody heck are your constituents? You have not 1 sngle thing in common with MA CITIZENS
Keep fighting for us Senator Warren!
Working families were screwed during the Obama years while the rich continued to get richer.  Fake Indian Liz didn't give-a-shit!
@RealBankReform pocohanas no smoken peace pike cause u lie!
LIZZYYou remain A Panderer And Needy Old Lady Because Of Your Classless DemeanorHopefully You Are Not Elected Ever Again, You Will Learn Pal
Yeah and your choice in the fixed DNC primary was bought for by big banks and look at Obama's $400,000 score. Please stop.
Senator with $IBM funding your campaign you allow @GinniRometty & Bridget Van Kralingen  #IBMForeclosureFactory
and you've read, and understood, each page?

Thank you Elizabeth for caring 
You're an insult to all families.
You're the insult
The banking industry would be smart to distance themselves from anything GOP, Advertise guaranteed contracts with consumers.Protect clients.
As Obama collects a check for $400k for a 1 hour speech on Wall Street?.  Elizabeth Warren, also known as Pocahontas, is as fake as they get
So you support deregulating the banks - again?
Small banks, private eq firms etc aren't "too big to fail". Your statement is too overly broad. Dodd/Frank is far from perfect.  Again
But your HERO IS GETTING  $400K FROM WALL STREET FOR A HILLARY STYLE SPEECH. WHO YOU KIDDING POCAHONTAS
I'm tired of the middle-class being treated like chattel! The GOP won't be happy until they bring the "middle-class" 2 the "working poor"!
The House GOP finally believes in Choice?
@RealBankReform @MSNBC @CNNPolitics @Lawrence @AliVelshi 589-page for banks & ONE-page tax reform proposal for other taxpayersWH loopholes?
That's a lie Pocohantus. Will u ever be honest or just partisan? 
Washington doesn't care about working families. Increased visas,handouts and welfare for illegals and refugees, while citizens suffer.
So Lizzy, why don't you advocate breaking up big banks! Going back to GS that President club not. Eliminated!
You dont care about the working families either Pocahantas
Keep fighting for us!
Fight on!  Senator Warren!
This will lead to many people having their financial lives ruined by unscrupulous companies and individuals.
This looks like yet another attempt to repeal consumer protections and gut Dodd-Frank bill.  Please ensure public aware of danger of this.
Liz might want 2 check your assumps in US more Blnrs R Dems Like Gates Soros Cuban Hillary & Obama get big donations...sorry "speaking" fees
Elizabeth, enough is enough, we need to organize a March on DC demanding @realDonaldTrump impeachment. Before it's too late!
That is _precisely_ why the BANKS are salivating.
But big borrower trump could win big with a thank you in his personal loans.  Follow the money for the klepto-kakistoocracy.
You letting in millions of illegals to this country is an insult to working families.
I hope I don't come over as condescending,  but how can we help Trump supporters understand that?
So are you but for some reason ppl keep voting for you. You old hack. Time to retire!
Don't just bitch about it --do something to help us!
Does the @GOP go thru the list of bills & just pick out the most horrific hurtful destructive ones? How on earth did they become so EVIL?
@RealBankReform 
Geoff Diehl!!!
I have just learned 2nd fam member victim of ID theft. Banks MUST be held 2account when employees open fraudulent accounts hurting PPL!
Working families don't read 589 pages.


Working families who chose to vote for Trump. Too bad it's going to hurt ALL of us.

Just like you were salivating over $400k job by classifying as a Native American
Yes, that's exactly like causing The Great Crash 
Let this sink in
@realDonaldTrump Just Negotiated a #Deal that has OUR #Military Cheering!!!!!
#veterans #Military #MAGA https://twitter.com/GST_Globe/status/859528120935870464 …
Which one of those banks funded the interest-free mortgage that Harvard gave you while you were getting $345K/yr to teach one course? 1%-er.
Any party stupid enough to run @HillaryClinton twice obviously has some dementia issues.
But I think we all knew that before it was even written.
Big banks are salivating over @HouseGOP’s Financial CHOICE Act. But this bill is nothing more than a 589-page insult to working families. https://twitter.com/RealBankReform/status/859471514638454785 …
Tell Obama to speak to them about it. I hear he's up for it.
*RUMP is an insult to working families -- to this entire country!!!!  I get so frustrated -- what can I do?  Nothing!
Don't forget to Buy Warrens new book ! 
She can't afford all them million dollar homes without her Lemmings supporting her!
You are an insult to the American people with your personal agenda.I would be hu8milated to say I was a dem now. I switched!
No it is not. Nice trythough.
More from the "Foreclosure Queen" profiting off the 99% is wrong.
From where did you get this information? You really need to cite your information so people can verify it or not.
WRONG https://youtu.be/5IRdleZXZlQ 
Look at the picture. It is a bot.
Pocahontas write horrible book.  Me steal from store to wipe ass with.
White man deal is sour comanche?
Uncalled for and dumb comment.
But America first, workers first
