Have you ever checked into the adoption policy and procedures. You tweet shows your ignorance
I take no issue with the states taking this on, just not the fwds
And why are there poor states??? Simply because the services and welfare that is provided (both Fed and State) was never intended as such.
I will and the same for Calf and IL.
There is absolutely nothing Christ-like or pro-life about gutting Medicaid and making the sick and the poor suffer while the rich get richer
Good thing he is out of the womb, else his chances of survival based on pro choice would be very limited
He seemed to fare quite well while in the womb, it's after he is born that the pro lifers lose interest in his welfare.
Serious question: how would you like this family's situation resolved? What is your solution?
It's a two prong solution 1) open up the market place 2) get the govt out of it and get the charities, state govt and churches involved.
Churches involved in healthcare...?
Where do you think many of the Hospitals and Orphanages came from? Know your history
the GOP are the worst people in the world...
No actually we are one of the better group of people
So you like to provide the top 1% with tax breaks
That along would reduce taxes about 65%
Reducing taxes on the 1% would reduce everyone's taxes 65%+?
#marijuanamath
What?????
Read the responses. Post was made asking if you wanted to cut taxes on the 1%. You said it would reduce taxes 65% or more. 
No you must understood what I was saying... cut the guy power and authority to the Costitution is what I was referencing
Ahhhhh, because the GOP is made up entirely of uncaring, greedy Sociopaths???
It is remarkably easy to dehumanize people if your only care is how much they cost you.
SOLUTION: Anyone who votes for this bill also loses their healthcare!
he looks pretty well-dressed in a pretty nice environment to be on MEDICAID.

YOU ARE A LIAR, you #FAUXCAHONTAS
He looks exactly like the toddler that was real dusty & blown-up in those journo shots from the palestinians last year - 
YOU'RE RIGHT. HE HAS HIS SAG CARD NOW. 
 O Amy- thats hot .. wait its a masterpiece:  .. thanks 


@BossClaw did you get? I cant tell anymore! It seems twits&co messing w their platform since 1- the 12/18 so-called purge initiative 2- did update 01/03/18 my page hasnt been the same since Full Disclosure: have no idea what I am doing on twitland Ask anybody 

@09_Michelle_
My daughter has inoperable tumors in her airway, caused by NF, she requires a ventilator and 24hr care. She needs Medicaid & in-home nursing
Ask Obummer!
http://www.Sprewellcare.com  http://www.Diabeticdiscount.info  #FreeRxCards #WEBWEALTHY #Trypod #love #instagood #refillwise #FamilyWize #wellrx #dxweb #i
@CNN @OANN Pease seek help for your Mad Cow disease. You should be glad your not on Obamacare as they don't cover it.
UR despicable, #Pocahontas.
U KNOW IT'S NOT A CUT.
The proposal gives Medicaid more funding each and every year.
#LIES #DemsInDisarray #MAGA
Someone with more power than all of us feels he's just not worth it...  Well, the end of that mentality is coming soon.
It is not possible for 2 people to have 2 different ideas on how to help the most people. 1 must be right and 1 evil.
In this case, you Ms. Warren, are evil, bc there is no way you believe your policy will help. You manipulate emotions to  central control.
She likes donor money.
I suppose dumb and evil would be a valid third option that I originally overlooked.
She's a classic "ends justify the means" demagogue.  Hopefully Charlie Baker runs against her and takes the seat.
Those ends can never be successfully reached so means continually get worse and justification remains the same.
I'm not even sure they know what the ends are.  I'm thinking Star Trek: The Next Generation type Utopia where there's no money or crime?
My disabled sister may suffer. Please help.
Stop with the fake bleeding hearts rhetoric and worry about 20trillionin debt. When the economy crashes maybe the Chineses will pay his bill
Lie
what boggles my mind is @SecPriceMD defense of senate bill.  How can someone who took the 'do no harm oath' support this bill? Malpractice!
How could you democrats vote against single payer in cali? Wouldn't make you enough money?
In one of the richest countries in the world, no one should go bankrupt over medical bills. No one should choose between meds and eating.
I am sorry that you had to go through something so emotional and financially draining. However, it seems you raised your son right. Be proud
Republican ideology does not allot space for basic human decency. Who'd have thunk it?
Dems in 1860 were the equivalent of modern day Republicans in ideology, historically speaking. You shouldn't equate the two time periods.
It's actually historical fact, which seems to sadly be lost on people who refuse to crack open a book and discover it for themselves.
Cutting Medicaid to women, children and the poor and pretending it's for healthcare when we know it's just a tax cut for the wealthy. SAD!
U hurt millions of peoplelike me & my fam from day 1 withObamacare.Not fair to steal my money to pay for others
So, you're good with this kid dying in the parking lot of a hospital, if his parents can't pay? Fine if you are, just checking.
Easy he's not my kid
Medicaid rocks!  I love my Medicaid!  Medicaid for everyone!!!
$140,000,000,000 in annual Medicaid fraud and Dems cry about cutting future spending.  Liberals are evil and stupid.  Dangerous.
How could you claim to be a Native American, Pocahontas?
How could you even claim relevance without ideas beyond Russia Russia Russia?
#MAGA
America most likely won't be great with trump as our leader
The unfortunate truth of the matter is that most Republicans in Congress would let Jackson die if it meant the top 1% could get a tax break.
Yeah democrats never do that 
They have not CUT medicaid! 
Let #Obamacare fail and be done with insurance. Nobody will ever be happy & SOMEBODY has got 2 pay off this Obama national debt. Can't go on
Millions in debt before the age of 2. How uniquely Republican.
Thanks to BHO it is up to 20 Trillion
Secede asshole.
That would be difficult since that is part of the body as a whole.
Quit wasting your breath on Tim. He doesn't GAF  if you live or die. Nor does he care about that kid. Long as he's stable, screw the world.
Understand the purpose of the Constitution and then understand life.
You didn't know the difference between a child's medical debt and the national debt. Now you lecture us on the constitution.
Fearmongering by a US Senator who traffics in half truths.
Tax cuts.
You're sick propaganda is unbelievable
It's the truth. What's the matter with that?
As your party slaughter the unborn. Very sick.
Why are you making this about abortion when the conversation is about the healthcare bill in the senate
Because you and your party use propaganda. You talk about children but you don't give a sht about children
That is such an untrue statement
Prove me wrong. You talk about children but the party of Jim Crow, your party execute millions of unborn children
Choose what happens to the fetuses. It is not fair to tell people they don't have a choice. Also some women's life may be in danger
This Child is why the Mean Spirited  Trump Care will not pass Monday @SenDeanHeller @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @JerryMoran @ACLU @AriMelber
Cut the crap@senwarren.If u actually give 2 shoots for children CUT funding to planned parenthood!They murder children daily using MY tax $$
You're lying as usual.
So if your unborn isn't perfect you should just get an abortion? Seems that's what they want.
Did you write a check?
Liz?  Did you write a check?
Liz?  Are you to cheap to write a check?
What are you even talking about
Did you wite a check aidan?
Or is this another liberal example of force to impose your will?
No
So what to do?  Liberals love force, what would you call Obamacare if not force?
"If we as a society don't show we care (about individuals in challenging situations) we've made a really horrible statement about ourselves"
They haven't CUT medicaid. She is lying!
MxConnell was saved from serious disease by then Medicaid like insurance when he was a kid. Now he is turning on those who saved him
That's what scumbags do. Societies that cut social ladders and safety nets pay for it. Steeply. Vinece, Rome, others. History.
Only in DC is a $264B INCREASE in spending a CUT. Medicaid spending will increase an average of 4.2% annually under Republican bill
Signing off on Kellyanne's twisted view, eh? Bottom line: less Medicaid funding with this bill than without it. That's a cut.
Only in DC
Has the same effect. Show me it doesn't.
No one knows what the effect will be 10 years into the future. Anyone who claims they do is being dishonest.
I bet you say that about climate change too. Ignorance is so convenient!
Sad to think @mike_pence believes these children should follow the American & Republican way of "personal responsibility" or die trying. 
Most cancer, autoimmune diseases, birth defects, endocrine disruptions are caused by petro-chemical industry. Where is their responsibility?
Excellent point! Wholesale industrial deregulation poisoning air & water + decimation of healthcare= @GOP wants to kill us all! #MoreForThem
Did you ever wonder if Republican's are thinking "population control".. Next to war this is another way to have a die off...  Sad..
Very sadly, it's possible that it's not just @GOP, but Washington elite that want to survive beyond the rest of us. http://www.npr.org/2017/06/21/533711528/in-the-event-of-attack-heres-how-the-government-plans-to-save-itself …
This looks like a tomb to me... What a hell it would be.. Perfect for the greedy who are paying their way there... 
As Jean Paul Sartre aptly observed, "Hell is other people." 
What do you think will happen when the holders of our Treasuries dump those treasuries Senator because of our unfunded obligstions
You're right! I hadn't thought about that!  Better cut that military budget by about 50% then.
Better go do some math Omote. Entitlements  is mandatory spending. $104 Trillion in unfunded liabilities.
How could you go against the OPEN Act which would have provided more treatments for rare diseases?
Because it is 100% a bill to increase industry profits, with no evidence that it would provide "more treatments."
Really? I'm alive because I repurposed a drug for my rare disease. Try again.
That happened after the bill passed?
It happened BEFORE 21st Century Cures. I am the inspiration for the OPEN Act. I should be dead and repurposing saved my life. It works.
Repurposing absolutely works; why should a drug company continue to make obscene six- and seven-figure amounts on the backs of the dying?
You're missing the point. Repurposing is cheaper than new orphan drugs. The argument against it is flawed, new drugs cost rare more $$$
Unfortunately, the GOP places a higher priority on funding the massive tax breaks for the wealthy over human life.  Despicable!
If you really cared liz you would pay for the tikes care out of your pocket.  But we know that would never happen.
That child is the same child you want women to abort. Because you say it's not a human at that preborn age Who`s fooling who?
There is not billionaire welfare stupid.  Rich people in America pay equal rates to rich people in Canada and Europe.
I take care of so many children like this little guy, @ChildrensLA . #KeepKidsCovered
It's surprising when many Republicans wear their religion on their sleeve but will  let people die to save a buck.
Sen Warren, I've just learned (USA Today) of the many pos. benies of Medicaid. With seemingly no downsides. Please propose it for EVERYONE!
Because they have created two Americas:  one large ultrawealthy gated island for them, and they need not ever interact with the rest of us.
They are all worthless Devil's that have sold their souls to the devil for power.
I think they secretly would not mind the old and sick just dying to lessen the burden on the rich
R's view all imperfect solutions as equally imperfect, so choose the most profitable one. Companies, not citizens, is their social contract.
Or, may be more accurate to say, their social contract is with consumers, not citizens. Not a consumer? You don't exist.
You are full of it
But they love babies....at least until they are actually born
Read the the damn bill before you jump to conclusions.
Cutting illegals. Stop sensationalizing
Move to Canada.
EXACTLY!!! I sadly STARTED s GoFundMe page for me to stay ALIVE for my kids and did "ALL THE RIGHT THINGS" we were to do in life.I can't die
But you are not concerned with them denying Midecare to our elderly veterans to facilitate them being killed by the VA are you?
Easy. They don't care. They're utterly devoid of compassion for anyone who isn't in the upper class.
Warren. You are an ass
Because the Republicans only care about the Rich!
and how can you fund abortion? Because of your abortion support, a child like will not exist in future.

Let that sink in.
#holdthefloor
Because it would be even more under obamacare. Oh wait! That's what's in effect!
How can you want to kill thousands of child by supporting planned parenthood
According to Pence that kid should be personally responsible for his health should not have health care. Pence is GOP is shite.
Because they believe their job of fighting for life is finished after birth...
Thanks to politicians like you this child was born with over $40,000 of debt.
THESE PEOPLE ARE PLEADING FOR THEIR CHILD'S LIFE. I AM PLEADING FOR MINE. WITHOUT MY MEDS AND DR.'S I'LL DIE. IT'S THAT'S SIMPLE.
Eliz you are full of BS; you lie with your mouth closed.
So Let's Stop Hiring These People Only Cares Abt Tax Cuts Busi Cuts Corp Cuts Not Ur Cuts On Life! They've Just Showed Us W/This Bill!
They do not care! But the question for you is, DO YOU CARE ?  If so , why do we have prescriptions $ here unregulated yet cheaper in Canada
Because the GOP is still furious that a black guy made it to the WH & actually tried to make healthcare available to as many as possible.
Keep up the good fight @SenWarren
Because they don't care. Want to keep their very wealthy donors happy. All about $$ over people.
Republicans would have let this baby die. No doubt. Gosh,I really hope these politicians get it together. Even the 5that don't like the bill
Nice house.
Don't worry, didn't you hear?  Kelly-Anne said they are not cutting medicaid, so that means they aren't, right?
Because they do not care!
Keep Obama's care! Let it disappear soon itself,so all of you can shut up.
Because McConnell and Ryan are evil
They really don't care, do they? Seems insane.
Fauxcahontas!!!   You have no credibility!
Koch selfishness has infected Senators
Interesting how all these "christians" are ready to defund planned parenthood/medicaId, while preventing abortions. YOU. ARE. MONSTERS
The non-sick always pays for the sick in any insurance coverage that's how insurance works. That translates to car insurance too
Art.
How can you continue to let Obamacare implode impacting millions across the country?  Hypocrite
The average unsubsidized premium for a fam of 4 is over $14,000 per year.  That isn't insurance.  It's theft.
Hey Wacky Warren, you are lying again.
They are afraid?  What will happen after Dorothy throws water on the witch.
Tax breaks for the people who put them in office quid pro quo
Because Rs are heartless unless it affects them personally
Keep using these kids to push your agenda. What proof do you have that they won't have healthcare?
Do you have proof? Or are they just running their mouths; as usual.
Where is the proof that they will not be insured? That's my question.
Are you for real?
@PatToomey can...
Hey, the GOP's responsibility for that kid ends once they've made sure he was born. After that, he's on his own, the little moocher.
HE is putting us seniors and disabled last and corporate first. What happened to "We, the People"??
Please stop lying you are pushing a false narrative to scare americans but most americans are smarter than that
Senator I pray that you & the rest of your party have some fight left because the real America needs someone to really fight for them
they didn't and you know it
Well accordance Kelly Anne Conway boy can get a job if he lose Medicaid...How far Red Brotherhood go before pitchforks come out on streets?
Because they are assholes?
Why is the AACA aiding the insurance companies in not assuming any risk? It's criminal!
How could you and @SenKamalaHarris be spreading fake news? We need to get liars and agitators like you two out of politics so we can @maga
Senator because they can, and they have the votes to do it too. Ppl power is needed and constantly so that the Hill is reminded and often.
You're brainless
They could care less, they are beholden to the entities that own them. Keep on fighting!
Someday you are going to have to stop lying. Grow up.
But aborting this child would have been ok.
They are not cutting Medicaid.
Stories like this need to keep coming and slammed in Trump @GOP's face, how can they do this to families?
Because ppl keep electing them in with hopes they will change. A penny will never mount to a whole nickel until to add 4 more pennies.
Pretty nice house for people on Medicaid?
Stop with your im a victim fear mongering already!  the only victims are the ones that believe democrats !
@SenateGOP @GOP @foxandfriends #Conservative #Christians #Christianity I hope none of you need Medicaid for unexpected events in your life.
So tell me, what are YOU doing to provide coverage for the child?
Unless that child paid them millions in bribes, ahem, campaign contributions, they will never care.
Very pleased that you are our Senator.
My child's life relies on Medicaid to stay alive and cared for at home instead of an institution
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Because they are all monsters who only take from Americans to give to their rich friends.
One of my loved ones was watching the news and realized that the 22 million plus includes him. He works and has the best Ins going.
Awww so muy triste 
Why should they care? Trumpcare doesn't affect them, their families or their rich friends.
Because it's not about healthcare . It's about them getting themselves and their friends a huge tax break. Don't lose the message.
It is simple. The rich need more money and power. Too bad if children suffer.
Why do Dems keep referring to slowing growth of out of control spending as cut? You do it to scare the poor in the elderly. No integrity.
Rhetorical yes?How brave of u.U sleep well at nite?U do everything 2 steer ppl to Dmcrtic Party.U don't even have ounce of Chelsea's courage
Your colleague Bernie Sanders is caught red handed in a bank fraud case. What part did you play in ripping off the bank? #BankFraudBernie
How could you destroy the heathcare system for 300 million people on a red herring?
Windiana passed a law, that Mike Pence signed making it a crime to end a pregnancy because of a medical problem with the baby.
How can we follow that with policy that cuts Medicaid, caps payments and make this child  financially uninsurable for life? @SenToddYoung
And my 29 year old severs disabled child
Severely
If you people would just tell the truth!
Because he's not a rich, white man or a fetus they don't care. They are cruel and filled with hate for the vulnerable. #HellerVoteNo
so it makes sense they want to kill 70 programs for the poor.  If you want people to starve and die from disease why give them food stamps?
Cutting Medicaid for United States of Israel People is necessary for support warmongers neocon and Israel Wellness.
SENATORS DO A DEBATE ON TELEVISION ;USE 6 PEOPLE  !THEN ASK THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ;WHAT THEY WANT! THEN YOU WILL KNOW EXACTLY WHAT TO DO!
..can you show us a letter or something showing this child is being dropped  ..or you just blowing smoke again? 
Heartbreaking that tax breaks for the wealthy & dismantling health care are what GOP cares about. @SenatorCollins
That's easy. So they can give all that money to the Top 1/10th of 1% of their friends. I'm convinced the GOP HATES THE REAT OF US
The Reps would have been against an abortion but are quite happy to let kids like this die once they are born. Moral compass a bit off?
I am a pediatric / neonatal nurse for 29 years- why are you lying so badly and using these kids
Because GOP is more moved by this video.
Fear mongering.
Instead of @SenWarren helping the @SenateGOP fix the issue,this is the only BS she can think of.Wasn't it school kids would starve last time
Keep trying those old tired liberal ploys. It ensures conservative wins. People are getting informed and that is why your base is eroding.
How could they? They are heartless bastards and have the unmitigated gall to call themselves Christian.NOTHING Christian about the Reps.
How could oppose securing the border after Kate Steinle?
Cultural sociopathy courtesy of Ayn Rand
Billionaires...lol
So says the left, but what is the truth? Us older ones can't afford Obama care
Because they are evil. #Healthcare #SenateHealthCareBill
I do recall a #Dem suggestion of euthanasia CHOICE by parent and doctor for children thru age 4

Ur group yelled ill babies must be aborted
The GOP are a group of greedy sociopaths who care only for themselves and the rich.  The rest of the nation be damned.
Mam, no offense, but that is the most ignorant comment that I have seen on Twitter. Trump is  % for Americans! Only President to accept $1
Raul Ryan wants to b president so bad   I swear he must wear depends when he's in oval office
Actually,I believe they're turning it back over to the states. Remember all the people dying then, me neither. Using sick kids for politics
Yes, and then cutting the federal assistance added by the ACA. So...
True to form the libs find a cute little kid and by inference we're going to be responsible for his demise somehow. What about his parents?
Democrats would rather Planned Parenthood kill him off before his birthday.
THIS WILL KEEP PEACE ON BOTH SIDES ESPECIALLY THOSE ON TOP!
