stop calling it a muslim ban. You're misleading people and lying. It affects 13% of Muslims world wide
Scrambling to rationalize illegal actions. Pathetic.
How is it illegal? Or you just make shit up with no precedent?
They are green card holders. Do you understand what that is, or are you just dense?
Dense is understanding that people get radicalized and not giving a fuck.
Interpreters  for US military, students on vacation. Yeah, real "radicals".
Remember the Boston marathon? Guess you're qualified to spew.
...it never ends with you trolls. Lone wolves do not rationalize this ban.
Radical Muslim terrorists ban is a good thing
Location: Florida. Says it all...
Trump is not going to listen, he thinks he's above the law. He is cruel to Immigrants and should be #Impeached
I'm sure you meant to say "illegal" immigrants
No, I meant what I said. He's stopping everyone
she is right, he doesn't care if they are legal or not. Turn on the news.
Thank you so much. He's banning 7 countries &  not where he's doing business
yep all those refugess were coming in legally 300 stuck in Germany still
#Trump Trump put people in the WH, with ZERO Experience. They don't know what they're doing
Seriously ashamed u voted in Carson Your actions speak louder than words. Believed in U when I marched in DC and u spoke. Not now
said she voted for Carson out of fear of trump's second choice. Makes sense
i don't buy it
that's a shame, I think she's one of the good ones... what do you think is her alterior motive?
I thought she was good too. She thinks she has to choose her battles but she doesn't she needs to fight all picks no spine
but seriously why would she have an ulterior motive for voting in Carson? I believe her that it's fear of Trump's second choice.
Never heard abt 2nd choice motive is fear DEMS must stand up to all picks, if they're afraid then make way for those who aren't
I agree about many spineless dems, but I believe her on this particular vote
Here you go again, Pocahontas! Just in case you have not noticed yet, NOBODY would ever waste time watching you
Hey warren i pray your time in senate will end SOON!
Then your state can elect a REAL senator whos not a liar.
You are exhibiting judgment that is unsuitable for public office.
Grateful for @SenWarren!! May others follow your courageous leadership!
I wish this so called Senator could read... NOT A MUSLIM BAN... she's a embarrassment!
No thanks
hell no nothing you scream & that's what you do makes no sense
no thank you, over half of Americans disagree with your position the issue!
pocohantas go back to tee pee will send u a bottle of firewater if u shut up go on now
"Tell them you're Muslim"
OOPS I meant "Tell them you're Native American"
#cnn #msnbc #foxnews #demexit #maga
What a joke, and not a funny one
start working on his impeachment please
you pandering old hag..Civil war is around the corner you & your cronies inciting it the outcome will not B kind
it isn't a ban.  I thought you had a small clue but you really don't. Just read the order and stop whining
SAME AS OBAMA LADY
you are not important and you need to just shut up. I'm so sick of you!
#RemoveUSTroopsFromAustraliaNow #RemoveUSTroopsFromAustraliaNow #RemoveUSTroopsFromAustraliaNow
no thanks
We are behind you. Thank you. A #Marcher. We are with you

Hey Meatball! Before you shoot off your mouth about Trump's immigration ban, you might want to remember 9/11! #TCOT #MAGA
How can anybody listen to your whiny voice?
Muslims are against "Pro-life" group, LGBTQ communities and women's right...please state clearly which group you support?  #Moron
thank you
was excellent balm for the afflicted
hypocrite!!! Miserable sore loser!
I feel this EO was a distraction from the Bannon appointment. When will that be dealt with?
STAND DOWN AND SUPPORT POTUS. WE, THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN DO YOU REPRESENT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OR NOT?
It all goes back to Brannon. Get rid of him
You voted for Trump's picks! Even Sally Yates Stood Up To Him! I believed in you and hoped you would run someday for president. Your fired!
why aren't you backing ' the Stop arming Terrorists" bill?
why should we watch you cry more!  If you cannot control yourself then step down. Humiliate yourself on a daily.
Warren, you do realize we just had an election. The pol voted in Trump on these promises. The Ppl have spoken.
THANK YOU Senator, please keep fighting!
@GetBZLiving @realDonaldTrump good! Now articles of impeachment
you are a propagandist and need to be removed from the Floor. Lying idiots like you have no right to be there
You are our only hope, besides Bernie.  Thank you for all you do for us.
It isn't a Muslim ban doofus
STOP HIM NOW! non-disclosures is not how government works!! Gross incompetence! Why are we allowing this to happen in America?
thank you for speaking out.
Warren, can't imagine what it is like to be so frustrated with your life as U, a constant stream of negativity
Democrats are liars need new faces in Democrat party, America has spoken vote out all Senate Democrats !!!!!!!!!
We don't care you are a lair & con. You scammed your way into your white privilege & insulted native Americans
Please call immediately for removal of Steve Bannon from NSC and WH #NoBannon
Thank you for standing up for public education and voting against Betsy Devos! 
thank you for the new Republicans, Dems are seeing you for what you are,and switching sides,, GREAT JOB TY
thank you  Senator Warren. I wish there were more like you on Capitol Hill. Stand strong & keep the faith!
please stop your hatred filled speeches stop working for the Dark Side #notmysenator
@SenSchumer how long have you been at war with Democrat Senate leader?
... "E" U LOOK LIKE A SQUIRREL ON STEROIDS CLIMBING UP A WINDOW SCREEN AT THE WHITE HOUSE .. A NERVOUS WACKO!!
Thanks for your great efforts.I really appreciate your honest stand and opinion .
Good work hold Little Hands trump's FEET TO THE FIRE  BURN BABY BURN
SEDITION,  you are the minority and should be classified as a domestic terrorist..
https://www.follownews.com/hashtag/obama-turned-away-91 … These 91 REFUGEES r either dead or jailed(not detained 4 a few hours)where were ur tears
Never apologize for standing up to what is right & just for all of us, not just a few #NoSessions #NoDeVos #NoPrice
nobody cares about what you have to say
no ban no wall. I do not understand why he is so addiment about having his way. He is a BIG BABY
57% of American's want to be safe. #KeepLosingDemocrat
Try READing the Constitution, your answer is in the Preamble SENATOR, so it should not take you too long....
YOU should try reading, you might learn something.  I know oral tradition is big in your culture, but READING is FUNDAMENTAL
you should the Senate you are no good!!!!!!
i hope you don't flap your arms and run around acting like a chicken again let's talk about making America safe again
NOT A MUSLIM BAN.  Dems spreading lies again.  EO is constitutional. 2011 Obama Iraqi ban..no outrage?
ThU for calling out GOP Congressional leaders for their SILENCE re: defacto religious ban.We need a re-election!
thank you so so much.
when Obama violated the Constitution, the democrats overlooked it.When Hillary used SOS for creating ,ya ignore
Pocahontas, it is not a Muslim ban. You are lying!
Cry for 91 Cubans sent to jail because @BarackObama Ended Wet Foot Dry Foot 
You are going to lose in 2018
you're doing a lot of finger pointing! So why don't you outline an alternative plan!
I keep wondering, if Putin were calling the shots via Trump, wouldn't these exact things be occurring? Cabinet picks n orders
hey pochantos nobody gives a crap what you say
we have a fascist in the presidency and you're still playing nice. He'll kill us all and you still act like it's normal
we are in danger. Be a leader and impeach Trump and his administration now!!!!!
@DSenFloor Vote NO on ALL Trump nominees!
American's no longer want the "elites" in D.C. We all voted for @POTUS to do EXACTLY what we voted for. CHANGE!
you need to be voted OUT asap
Show solidarity with #POTUS or you'll be voted out come next election @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
Trump has made a complain about me on facebook bcz I tell the throught lol 30 days ban But not here
You're not alone there in the USA there are more people  outside the USA then in the USA who hates Trump
better do more than speak. Words waste time. Action is needed.
This is a new #Holocaust  isnt it?
Build the Wall!!!!
The United States is a country with a history of welcoming LEGAL IMMIGRATION .
SPMI-SERIOUS PERSISTENT MENTAL ILLNESS, MALIGNANT NARSCASSISM, POTUS IS VERY DANGEROUS TO OUR SECURITY!
please remind Nancy P to watch her body language around Trump. He is not her friend.
didn't you vote yea to a Muslim ban? Hypocrite
@SenatorSessions ?s he asked, now fired asst ag https://www.c-span.org/video/?324983-1/confirmation-hearing-deputy-attorney-general-nominee-sally-quillian-yates …
let all refugees have a mandatory 2 night stay at your home before spreading throughout the US

@lawrence @maddow @allinwithchris #SallyYates #inners Is @realDonaldTrump inching his way toward marshall law in the US?#BeAfraid

Okay, then...  
Thank you Sen Warren for speaking up. Hope the SENATE IS THE ADULT IN THE ROOM& stands with you to do the right thing.
Sure wish you were this Vocal when we were Bombing Syrians Homes and Schools. Now you are concerned?  hmmmm @realDonaldTrump
are you aware the leader of the woman's march is for sharia law?  #againsttheconstitution
Thank you for your leadership in standing up for this country!
Sen. Warren, you did a great job. Keep it up. Stay strong! Drink coffee.
Liz: Liberalism is a Mental Disorder, get a shrink!   https://youtu.be/8ULkINCDiIA  via @YouTube
keep fighting for the people!  We need senate Dems to fight this administration
Where were you when our Dems were bombing Syrians and Libyans Countries...it created these refugees. Your concern now is Fake.
Constitution4 American Citizens not refugees-it #TerrorBan pick by obama! Stop misleading people-do job or U OUT
time to #withholdconsent
I'd rather watch paint dry....
doesnt the president take an oath to uphold the constitution? Unconstitutional means that he is not doing that
he's making America unstable not great, he's putting Americans in harms way, he's only concerned about himself
Every single Democrat MUST vote NO on Jeff Sessions tomorrow. They MUST! #resist, #demsdoyourjob
I was so glad that you NAMED the spineless members of Congress. We need more of that! Thank you!
Thank you for taking such an active role in standing up for the rights of us all. #NoBanNoWall #StayAwareAndFight
Please read: We are terrified.
You should not be surprised at pace of admin's destruction. You should be thinking many steps ahead, which means thinking fast, acting now.
Thank you Senator Warren. Force the GOP to address Donald's actions. Impeach him now!
Yates couldn't event define one point of illegality or unconstitutionality. We have a right to DIFFERENTIATE.
YAWN
MORE people were inconvenienced by the loony protestors than the Executive Order to keep us safe!
You are pushing fake news to gain political popularity..there is no Muslim ban, it's shameful you can't read the law and understand it.
Not without my ear muffs......you screech too much when you lie.
Thank you for calling out your spineless colleagues like Ryan. Keep up the fight! We are with you.
So proud to have you in our corner -Signed, The American People #NoBanNoWall
I'll pass on that
I hope you are not proud of what you are doing. Sickening  @realDonaldTrump
Pocahontas is lying again! @realDonaldTrump
Warren.... you're a legend in your own mind.
You should know better! Obama did this in 2011 for 180 days.. where were you then? HYPOCRITES!
- Mrs. Warren, do you was also against President Obamas 6 mounth ban of the same moslem countrys?
.@SenWarren you always inspire me, but I watched you on CSPAN2 this evening and YOU made me so proud to be a Democrat, an American & engaged
Hi @SenWarren , your leadership can stop this train wreck @potus #RESISTANCE
Paul Ryan is spineless not to stand up. Someone please put his pic back up on Wikipedia under invertebrates.
please have judges issue arrest warrants for individual CBP agents who refuse to comply. ITS A FELONY!
i have a better idea, lets bring in 5 billion refugees and give them "free" shit
Tell it like it is!
@SenSanders @timkaine Our AG was fired for unconstitutional ban, what are you going to do about it? @NancyPelosi
#IStandwithSally!
When does this administration's actions become treason?
Don't fall for Muslim Ban shock event. Stay focused on Bannon and BLOCK Sessions!
Is it a ban if 43 of 50 Muslim majority countries aren't on that list?
it is not a Muslim ban & you know that yet u keep lying to people to divide us even more.
Keep it up Senator #BlockSessions #blockdevos
please show where language specifies banning "Muslims." You are spreading false propaganda and are as guilty as those u attack.
it's not a Muslim ban. You are a lier. And you are going to loose your job. Promise
Didn't Obama turn the Cubans away just recently...where is the outrage...you are hypocrites
Please keep it up - We need the most prominent people defending us from President Trump's many illegalities!
You voted for Mattis and he stood behind Trump as he signed the Muslim ban! Deplorable! NO to ALL Trump cabinet!
We should unfollow Trump Feb14. Time to stop feeding the beast. #UnfollowTrumpFeb14
@La_Tray  #Trump fired Sally Yates because she questioned his decision
Send me smoke signals squaw.
Why don't you just take your act on the road? Go to Hollywood and live in fantasy land with the others there?
