Just like Trump!
KNOW THIS ;SOMEONE FROM THE FUTURE WROTE DOWN ALL EVENTS AND WENT INTO THE PAST ;IF THIS WORLD WAS DESTROYED IN  FUTURE GOD WOULD START +++
http://dennismichaellynch.com/couple-unable-afford-obamacare-jump-death/ … you own this democrats
And yet they'll vote for it anyway, because the black man got ACA passed to actually help people.
Yup it is, but its reality. Problem is bigots wont get honest.
Are you cackling about what Bill said about obamacare?
would that be to vote before knowing what's in it? That's how we got in this mess 8 years ago.
And they are only voting to appease a POTUS who would throw them under the bus in a hot second if it makes him look good.
so no more republicans.  November 2018.
Ha ha
Are you sure he wasn't talking about Obamacare.
If these DEMON Republicans ever wanted the attention of Americans..tell them they have it now..and we are not going to stop watching them!
THERE ARE TWO CRITERIA A GLOBAL DEPRESSION! AND THE IRAN DEAL ! ISRAEL IS MENTIONED IN THE BIBLE AS A CATALYST!
#Fauxcahontas is a disaster
And the there' u
Not dumber than not reading the You passed
GOD WOULD START FROM BEGINNING !THE POLLUTION IN THE ATMOSPHERE !WOULD GO INTO THE GROUND !COMBINED WITH WATER AND NUCLEAR RESEDUE +++
But they'll vote yes anyway because they care more about their party than they do America
WHICH IS OIL AND NATURAL GAS !THAT'S WHY THERE IS SO MUCH OF IT! THAT IS IF THE TIME LINE PROGRESSED DIFFERENTLY! AND YOU DESTROYED YOURSELV
That was you
Actually he was referring to you when he said that Liz.
The fact that the most recent bills were appalling doesn't diminish the fact that the ACA operates in wanton violation of 15 USC Ch 1.
THE STOCK MARKET IS DRAWING IN ALL THE MONEY !TO GET AS MANY SUCKERS AS POSSIBLE ! ANTICIPATION OF YOU DOING SOMETH STUPID !THAT'S THE RUSH
ANOTHER CRISIS WOULD PUT US IN A GLOBAL DEPRESSION !THAT MUST NEVER HAPPEN !WE CANNOT ALLOW IT!
Just like Obamacare
Give up your insurance plan and enroll in OVOMIT CARE Pocahontas
Thanks for fighting for health care,  and all you do for the people, so Appreciated
No your plan was and is the dumbest thing in history it is completely falling apart as you planed it would get out of insurance business
WALL ST STOLE TRILLIONS! THE STOCK MARKET  HAS GAINED 17 %  IN SIX MONTHS !AND ABOUT 10%  IN THE WHOLE OF THE PAST 3 YEARS !WHY?
THEY DID NOT VOTE FOR IT ;ONLY SENATOR McCain SPOKE OUT AND SPOKE ABOUT THE UNFAIR PRACTICE IN CONGRESS ;OVER THE YEARS  !FORGET THE PAST!
Yet they voted yes in front of God and everybody.
Now get to work and help our healthcare fixed. Quit resisting or get out of politics.
Dumber than having @realDonaldTrump as President? Dumber than that?
You still talking about obamacare? You finally spoke the truth when you said is was the dumbest thing in history. Sort of like you.
That you standing by the American People and voting for what is right for us.
Yet they out party over the nation.  #IdiotGOP
Unbelievable

How could any health bill be more disasterest and decieving than yours, "Obama Care"
You can't even tell the truth about your heritage.  Why would Anyone believe anything you say?
Dems motto should be "our fight is right"
The GOP fall short thanks to you and Bernie. #BernievsTrump2084 http://www.berniesavestheworld.com 
It's another case of Dem saving the Repubs from themselves, often cleaning up their messes.
LIZZY LIAR
You should run for Pres!
And yet this band of thugs are more than willing to throw the whole country under the bus for personal agendas.
they all knew it was evil but didn't have the backbone to stand up to own party or the turtle! Let's make turtle soup!
From the dumbest GOP Senate in history.
When you lie cheat & steal this is what happens....life has a way of catching up to you
How do you know what every GOP Senator thinks?You a part of the problem. McCain & Schumer are right, Compromise is the answer
The dumbest thing in history is ObamaCare.  Crazy as well.  BillClinton is right.
Wow, dumber than ACA?
How on earth can our senators vote for something they know is wrong. Something wrong here
he has no compassion for for middle and poor america! he is selling off our american heritage for a "buck".
who believed this man was for the average american? he and his family has exploited and discriminated against average americans to get rich!
and it is the worst bill for all americans. this is not a healthcare bill, it is a rich person's golden parachute.
Only because it doesn't go far enough in gutting the one that you passed (without reading) in 2009
Why don't you just go away. Nobody cares what you say.
The senator who said that is a coward.
And that Senator voted for it!
He could have shortened his comments simply "It's presidential"
Not dumbest    That honor belongs to YOU!
Dumbest thing in history is in the white house
Thank you for your time and dedication to the American people.
The American people suffering under Ocare don't exactly think this is something for you to gloat over cheering and taking selfies
"SAD" that the Senator failed to courageously serve his/her constituents.
Agreed this was the dumbest..stop listening to Cheeto and start listening to the people who put each of you in office!
No, that was the 2nd dumbest thing. The dumbest thing was when voters in Massachusetts fell for your load of crap and elected you Senator.
Obliviously he has never listened to a Maxine Waters speech.
The dumbest thing was Obamacare and you supported.....right Liz?
And here's really the worst part.....your healthcare is safe isn't it Liz?
@adater I wonder how many of your followers mooch and don't pay a fucking penny?  12,000 deductible is the fucking disaster!  #wakeup
Keep supporting policies that double countries debt in 8 years.  The true disaster!
They were referring to the ACA
Bet  he/she voted in favor.
It is appalling...these spineless members of Congress need to throw the whole damn thing out !
Not surprised. Scaramucci adds a nail & lying Spicer looks like a choirboy. No wonder the Republicans in Congress are behaving badly.
Thank you Senator for your tireless efforts.  @SenWarren. You fight valiantly for MA and the entire nation.
@SenateGOP #MORONS
And yet they are too frightened to oppose him. It's unconscionable !!
That's what Bill Clinton called Obamacare
LIKE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD LEADER BARACK HUSSEINS INSANE OBAMADONTCARE NOT CARE HES TOO EVIL
What does it say about government when they still voted YES knowing it was "the dumbest thing?"
James Rosen Fox on Wasserman & IT aide
What does he care,  he has healthcare.
All this wasted time and effort on the republican's part for what looks like spite, rather genuine concern for Americans. Glad they failed.
The TrumpDontCare plan demonstrates that republicans don't want what is good for US, they want to erase a black President.  At any cost.
And he still voted for it? Smh
The worst part is they STILL vote for this manmade disaster!!
Probably by the dumbest senator in history
thank you
As you and your party new the same about Obamacare oh wait you had to pass it to find that out right. Then we found out what a disaster
U should be ashamed of ur  selves u and ur buddie Chuck shimmer  .u both make me sick
that was bullyboy
Failure of Republicans To Take Health Care Away From Millions & Increase Price For Many More, Is Big Win For The American People.
Was he talking about obama care ?
Was it McNasty or McFairy ??
no that was bullyboy commenting on obacare
"The dumbest thing in history!!!" Really? REALLY??? Do you know anything about history? That's a mighty bold claim!
And yet @SenateMajLdr perstisted
Yet so many voted for it. Shameful!

The dumbest thing was your friend saying we have to pass it to know what's in it 8 years ago
It doesn't matter, this is about party loyalty & fulfilling lies portrayed as promises to their base. It has NOTHING to do with healthcare.
Crime that it advanced at all.
And there were 49 fools who voted for it.
You just tweeted that in hopes that it will eclipse you as the dumbest thing in history..
They are prisoners of the monster they created in the quest for short term political gain and now they cast the vote or they get the gas.
Many pp are NOT suffering because of AHC.They are getting med care.They spoke out against the hurtful changes in AHC and against the repeal.
MOTHER OF JESUS
Which make this @GOP the dumbest hucksters in history.
They know this but continue to vote any way
Clinton himself called it the "craziest thing", again u r mixed up, time to get out of the game ur way too old, Sorry Nancy but it is truth
Must have been thinking about Obamacare huh?
Unbelievable. Please try to reason with them!
Impossible! Nonsense!  You are already the dumbest thing in history!
Lindsey Graham called it "a fraud".
.@SenWarren #LowBarTrump #LowBarGOP
No surprise here!The dumbest bill ever from the least popular corrupt trump and his head up their asses cronie friends
Please talk to the Republicans on the fence. I can't sleep, I'm so anxious.
When they need their next emergency surgery to save her life, what's going to happen?...dear dear lord. Please please fix don't throw out.
I hate dumb Senators
Please please know we are there though far away. The life of my only child depends on this? I've been sick with worry all evening.
The "dumbest thing in history" has been unfolding the last 7 months. And no one is smart enough to stop it!
I have come to the conclusion the GIP has literally no heart!
Not quite as dumb as a white woman claiming native American on applications to gain preferential treatment...
Personally I assume it's every bit as a disaster as ACA. YOU NIMRODS NEED TO GET OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE
Name them. Let this be their leasting legacy along with the attributed quote.
Just like our current presidency!? A fucking disaster, dumbest thing in the world! Sad!
Sounds like #Brexit
Is that senator voting against this nonsense? @SenWarren @SenateGOP
Of course they know it's a disaster. They've proven they're like "fuck it, were just gonna be evil and greedy anyway!" Since I was little!
Yes yes yes
He's filling his pockets with Russian cash or cash from the Koch brothers. He would sell his mother for a dollar
ACA was the conservative solution! Single payer IS the next step.
But, #GOPLikesToKillPeople
We understand. Most of them are cowards.
There's NO Grand in this party!
Thank you for fighting for our Healthcare, please convince McCain to do the same.
Time to get ready for any unemployment cheques next year.
Thank you GOP.  No. SERIOUSLY. ....for this final nail in the coffin of your ludicrous so- called party.
Obamacare was the dumbest thing in history
And they are still voting for it! Evidence of dysfunction and lack of compassion. #shameshameshame.
Yep Graham went public saying this bill is terrible yet he will vote for it as will McCain such hypocrites
That makes it even worse because it is on purpose and for no good reason. Their shame is huge end it will stick to them like glue
So what does that say about those that vote for it?
The worst part is tens of thousands of people dying
That can only help the global warming problem
Yet they will vote yes if it does not become law? Vote NO then to start over!
I'm saddened by the Republican fools that called a bill a fraud and then said they'd vote yes if it goes to conference. Why fix it don't vot
And yet they will vote for it
Attention Senators: if you vote for this bill don't expect the majority of voters to believe you did not want it to become law!
Obama care is disaster its falling apart in many states by its self i was made to be a disaster force to pay for what you don't need
Who was the senator? Name and shame or it didn't happen - like Trump referring to "everyone says".
And that's just what they think of trump, wait to hear their opinion on the bill
Help us send a message to Heller tonight! Follow & donate to @RosenforNevada! Cowardly Heller could have stopped this sham, he failed.
It's like they've all sold their souls to the Great White Trump Devil or something...
Nice peoples huh! Jerks! Leave our healthcare alone! You go Senator! Kick ass!
This defies logic.
Republicans will regret following the direction of Teflon Don.  It will be at their own peril.
Still they will vote for it.  Country is going down shit creek
Give us clues on what to do!
They don't give a damn about us. It's a "promise". It's party before country. It's now war.
And how many more golf games of Trump's are we forced to pay for as they strip people of the ability to see a Dr when sick?
YOU are Appalling!
Everything about this GOP and Administration is a disaster and the worst thing in history!
Definitly dumb in every way. People's healthcare is not a reality tv show sound bite.
the dumbest thing in history is voting yes and thinking anything good can come from it
"What's the most 2017 thing this year?". It's either the guy coming back from being treated for cancer to deny others the same healthcare.
Or the Press Secretary who's going to "fire everyone for leaks" whose boss leaks about banning transsexuals before the military have a plan.
No you claiming to be Indian is the dumbest thing in history. Isn't it pocahontas.
We call it Polite Genocide in Oklahoma. DEMS are to nice to these Fascist!
So much bullshit. This bill gives people choices. Government should not dictate who has to buy insurance and then punish those who don't.

The @GOP is definitely going to need health care coverage for their spine replacement surgeries!  #Losing
Who?
Half the Senate to undergo forced lobotomies tonight safe in the knowledge that they will have coverage for their pre-existing conditions.
like the DNC knew the ACA was the shit legislation it is. That's why they did the same thing. Vote in secret at night SMH stop pretending
So confusing
Republicans blaming Democrats rather than working with them. Sad state of affairs.
Second dumbest, apparently.
