What about the rest of us? How many vets were discharged before 2013? Do they not count?
And what are you doing about the owners, board of directors, etc. of places (ITT Tech and Corinthian) that screwed our military ppl?!
I'm excited to find out I have 15 years from retirement to go back to school instead of 10. I can plan better. Thank you.
LIAR!!!
Please don't forget this which we sent you too Senator :
http://HomefrontHugs.org/2017/07/20/hr2810/ …
The only part you are in is trying to bring our President down with the other Dems You could care about the American people.
It's past time way past time we are helping veterans I am sure in every town there's a empty building sitting could house homeless veterans.
We have learned whenever a democrap gives something there is strings attracted to it
Thank you , @SenWarren . #persist
@MorningsMaria @DanScavino @newtgingrich When have U cared bout vets ~ Not since T45 n ur selfish desire 2beef up resume 4/2020 ~fake n vet
Will @BetsyDeVosED allow her beloved for profit schools be exposed & actually help victims of their scams? Will @GOP WH do the right thing?
And more importantly Thank You Sen. Warren Actually trying to help folks progress in our world 
1 of 39 is nothing to take credit for. Even the word "cosponsor" is a joke for patting yourself on the back
Thanks . My husband lost his because couldnt afford to get out of service and attend school. Had to work
https://thenewinquiry.com/  Please read article by Kameel Mir
Like u give a shit about them .. mmm your up for re election next yr
Too bad it ignores most Vets, like me. Montgomery Bill, sep 1992.
Thank you!  Makes serving even more worth it!
Maybe you could vote to remove the 10 year limit from the GI Bill and grandfather ALL Veterans into it.
Please watch this. You'll appreciate it especially if you need a good laugh
i'm so glad that you're glad
Hopefully civilians aren't abandoned with a scrapped PSLF program.
Very happy you became pro military, all of a sudden. Funny how a Republican president will do that.
Yeah, as if you really cared about our vets!!
Didn't she mean #aboriginal ??
The GI Bill was the single greatest engine propelling individuals into the middle class. Here's hoping this bill can help turn this tide.
Thank you for your great work
Thats great! Doesn't this applies to their children as well!
All those veterans that died while waiting on care from the Veterans Administration could have used some help from the government Barack
You hate vets. And everyone knows it. Stop faking it. #socialismSucks just ask Venesuela
You Lizzy, are a turd in a toilet!
GI's earned the best quality Medical care.  They need to get it!
Why just ex military.
And yet you NEVER made it happen. #Piggyback
Is there anything you don't want big government involved in????  Give, give, give--it's your mantra.   Where does the $$$ come from Pochy?

You have never been for working across the aisle. It is either your way or no way.
Who gives a shit. All you did was sponsor it. You didn't create it. You had nothing to do with other then say. Oh, yea that's a good idea.
Sure take all the credit you fraud. Trump's been working like a dog to help veterans.
You also helped elect Trump. Hang your head in shame.
))<>(( Elizabeth warren poops into other people's buttholes and it goes back and forth forever!
Will this include trans service men and women or just everyone else? #transmilitaryban
Thank-you.
I I ME ME FIGHT FIGHT so sick of you.
When dose the rest of us get something
You need to go ahead and resign. No place for you in Washington anymore. Take your lies and beat it.
You're soooo special! Not!
Ok , Now how about Agent Orange Okinawa. What are you doing to help thousands of vets who were exposed? Nothing as usual is my thoughts
So how are the GOPers putting the screws to the program. When I was in the contributor system, I asked for my contributions back. Evil.
点赞，为所有在为正义和解放人类所做出贡献的美军致敬。
Congrats on cosponsoring another bill. Think you'll ever get around to introducing legislation on your own? 5 years in, and 1 bill made law
Support. Our. Public. Colleges. And. Universities.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator! As a military wife, your work is so appreciated!!
Thank you!
THAT'S STILL NOT GOING 2 KEEP U IN THE SENATE. YOUR DASYS R NUMBERED WARREN. SAME GOES 4 MAXINE WATERS. SOMEONE BTR IN HER PLACE. NAVARRO!!
GREAT!!
Thank you Senator Warren, expanding the GI Bill is great! I am sure Trump will take credit for the Bill, like he does everything else. Ego!
You were also an original sponsor of the Lewis and Clark expedition, weren't you?
All your years in office and you just now propose this?  If this passes, it will be a credit to Trump and the GOP you lazy trout!  #MAGA
Another bot
Where were you when Obama was president? Too scared then?
Good for you
Excellent! But still bothered by all the AR 670-1 violations occurring in that stock photo though. Quite disturbing.
haha like DT's "University"
Now if you can somehow help senior citizens burned by those same for-profits (EDMC) that would he GREAT! 
I'll be 95 before loans over!
Thank you from a very grateful VSO from the Commonwealth of MA! #ForeverGIBIll #MVSOA #USMC #Veterans
What not an obstructionist. Must be somthing in it for you. Trump is doing more for Vets in 6 mos than Dem's in the last 8 yrs. Get Real

sickening that our president owns one of the "schools" that have defrauded our veterans and other citizens.
Yeah you have done some fine work and would have made a good president. To bad you sold your soul.  I hope the magic beans work out for you.
Im quite sure she has done 100 xs more for the middle class than u ever thought about #deplorable
meanwhile on the GOP side...
Way to try to take credit! I was the original COsponsor! 
Will it be retroactive? Served in early/mid 70s.
Don't forget us Just Cause/Desert Shield/Storm/Southern Watch vets
Plz when would a lefty even consider helping a vet.
You're seeing it right now. So stop wallowing in your blind hatred of the left and learn to work with them.
Thank you so very much Senator Warren. We can't do enough for them.
I don't support you anymore LIZZY.   You support Bernie the GOP sanders.  You don't care about us.   You side with the GOP lies!
We need more integrity like yours on the Hill. Thanks for what you do!
Integrity???? Ha!
Gotta love election year politics!!
Are you going to throw in a new pink dildo for everybody?

