Due respect it's not leadership in any form, it looks and smells suspiciously like SPITE and racism
You liberals are like parrots everything is racism and Xena phobia misogynist what is wrong with you people
I have little hope that we will ever resolve these issues as long as there are people like you that deny and infuse hate..sadly, Christians?
Then because you don't like the change everybody's a racist and a misogynist Xena phobic or much worse. Again very sad
If you are ok with the "change" of letting American citizens who pay taxes and serve in the armed forces die after a natural disaster
because the island owes money it says a whole lot about where your priorities are, and yes 45 is racist and misogynist, the proof is there
Jumping to racist if there's a disagreement is not a very good argument and I would question the intelligence of that
ignoring the fact that he called White Supremacists and Nazi's very fine people & his policies overwhelmingly hurt people of color is blind
"Poor leadership?" More like deliberate, intentional dereliction of duty
Of course! U nailed it!    It's all deliberate.   Libs are just completely out of touch w reality.  Just sickening the BS you believe
Jamey, it is more sickening to see you support this lunatic with his ability to tweet a war! He is out of touch and self serving!
U sound more like a lunatic than anyone right now.  Deep Breathing may help. 
"Poor leadership" is being way too kind.  He's targeting American citizens who are overwhelmingly Hispanic.  That makes it something else.
You were a very phobic person Bob!
Poor performance from mayor
That is an obvious failure to execute the oath of office. Protecting Americans is job #1. Impeach Trump now!
Can't do it without GOP support and they are all behind him 100%. All are on the take from Russians or NRA or Big Pharma.
I see no solutions to anything on your post, just anger & vitrtiol.  WTF kind of leadership is that? Hmmm? Try offering BETTER alternatives.
What do you suggest? GOP leaders do nothing which makes him bolder and stronger. Corker is the only one with guts.
LEFTIST WHINER, SOLUTIONS?
Let’s be kind to one another and stop the Trump name calling and hatred.
@SenWarren this is an insane, humanitarian catastrophe. @realDonaldTrump NOT fit to address REAL AMERICANS’ needs. HELP!!!!
What leadership? Like his business acumen, his only goal is to benefit himself, & screw over everybody else.
Also obscene and inhumane.
Go there your self today!make a difference go go go
No that’s Trump hateful asshole that he is #WeNeedARealPOTUS
Yes POCAHONTAS, you know ALL about GIVING to the "needy ones on welfare" when they should be working at a job, NOT laying at home Bing LAZY!
We need 10-25 Republicans in Congress to publicly recognized this as a WRONG and then act on it.

"Poor leadership"?  That's all you got?  This man is unhinged and turning against his own citizens.  Remove him!
I’m VERY disappointed in the Dem response to Trump. Lots of talk. Nothing organized, words and more words. I’m sick of words.
They can't do anything without the majority. We have to give them that.
Hopefully Mueller comes before that.
There are Republicans like Corker who want him out too.  Dems need to team up w/them and make a plan.
Yes it is. Dems/progressives need to mobilize a plan to energize ppl now. Not ads or internet donations. On the ground outreach
Seems the ppl respond to someone with big voice who speak straightforward.
Thanks!
That's not leadership at all, ma'am. It's blatant assholery.
He's a poor leader.
Ya think?
Why is Congress going on recess when a formal aid package for PR has not been approved?! PR can't wait 5 more days #NoRecess #SpecialSession
He is actually withdrawing health care from millions of Americans. Would u expect any less from the #murdererinchief. @realDonaldTrump
Well, they got their paper towels, so...onward!
Obama hugged people in distress. Not-So-Liddle Donnie-boy throws paper towels so he doesn't have to get close to people.
He is very crude and crass. He is part of that ole boys network that believes they are better. We all go out alone in the end.
The @DNC knows poor leadership better than anyone. Obama was the poster child for it. This is also false information. Typical of Dems
I was going g to say more like ‘no’ leadership but it’s much worse then that- it’s horrific leadership!
He is completely unhinged The World needs someone like you at the helm Elizabeth Warren.
Are you on crack. We need her out of office. She does nothing but blow smoke up your ass like all democrats do.
As a constituent, I BEG you & @SenMarkey to do all you can to remove Trump from office! He is the greatest danger to our Natl Security.
And everything else this wonderful country is.
Spare us your opinion of leadership traits. Your tweet express is not leadership anymore than your whining. Just do your job Senator.

When a deficient human being is leading, this is the leadership we get.  Let’s change it. Now.
@realDonaldTrump doesn’t know what leadership is. No clue.
Again, a 2/3's vote will go a long way to help PR and the VI.
Hardly “ veiled”
And somewhere well south of "poor"
More than just "poor leadership." He is psychotic.
LEFTIST WHINER SOLUTIONS?
It is way beyond poor leadership and I would love to know what Congress is going to do about it.
hey how are ya hey how are ya
Pero apenas están comenzando y Puerto Rico necesita más ayuda! @realDonaldTrump abandons #American citizens in #PuertoRico  #Disgraceful
No, that's sociopathic.
It also speaks to his patriotism - The people of Puerto Rico are Americans, after all
That’s no leadership at all
That's failed leadership. But most know he's been a failure since high school.
It’s sick.
He said that we can't be there forever, they need to help out. I don't see anything wrong with that. The US is there to help, not do.
hopefully he will not be in this position to much longer!   Why not expel him, just like Weinstein!
No.  It's not leadership at all.
It’s racism, ma’am.  This is why I’m not a fan of you as prez: tepid, safe media responses, few actions.
GET TOGETHER WITH OTHERS IN YOUR LINE OF WORK AND DO SOMETHING!
No it’s not. That’s a monster.
He's a white supremacist. The @GOP is the party of racism, violence & hate.

Any other questions?
Mrs. Warren, How can you talk so much and never say anything. Did you learn that from Hillary?
What the Mayor of San Juan is doing should be considered as extorsion
You are losing it you dummy. #jeopardy #ThirstyThursday  get off your white privileged ass and do some real work. You cheater of the system
Apparently he cheats BIG TIME at golf too.
Elizabeth-people are tired of hearing you complain about everything the POTUS does. Just let him do his job
Can’t keep FEMA in Puerto Rico forever! 
the bad leadership is tribe democrats #pocahontas take responsibility for bad management
FEMA Federal Emergency Management not welfare  local government must do something more than kneeling pathetic Puerto Rico Dem Hell hole
Democrats ruined Chicago and state of Illinois California and Puerto Rico and still can’t accept liberalism is a mental illness #Weinstein
FEMA shouldn’t be in Puerto Rico basic support has been rendered send FEMA workers home to their families you did a good job guys
Lol, what about this:
Poor leadership is democrats
LEFTIST WHINER? WHERE ARE YR GREAT SOLUTIONS?
He did WHAT?!?
This: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/918432809282342912 …
Same @POTUS who thinks Nazis are very good ppl is ready to let Americans die.
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
I don't think anybody is asking for forever... let's get them working now.... people should not still be without food and water & medical
No One has Potable Water; Entire Island must boil water before drinking!

Most w\out power\cell\medical

His words are #Barbaric & #Inhuman!
They are deeply racist. You know he'd find the  for somewhere predominantly white.
Yes, & the Obvious, Egregious #WhiteSupremacy driving these decisions is nauseating & infuriating

We MUST demand the removal of these men 
Your nuts
WHINER WHAT ARE YR SOLUTIONS? ALL YOU EVER DO IS BARK...BUT NO ACTION!
Meanwhile in #Flint #MI #USA people are sick and dying on a #CYA some can't leave if they had the means they'd lose their homes & more
He is not a leader and if were any sort of successful at managing or running things there would not be so much turmoil and turnover.
what do you know about leadership?
Swamp Queen
That’s actually not Leadership at all...just sayin’
Just plain mean and spiteful.
You of all should know poor leadership
the Puerto Rican people are not getting the aid, cause trucks are being stopped N raided by VANDALS! STOP WHINING AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
Would @readlDonaldTrump deny aid to Illinois for being fiscally irresponsible? I think not.
He doesn't see PR as white Americans.
It also shows he has no empathy or compassion for anyone. He is unfit to lead this country. When will this nightmare end?
When will this nightmare of #45 end?  We need Elizabeth Warren.
They aren’t veiled
The IDIOT is the reason we need GUNS. 
Think I'll go down to Walley World & get another dozen 
AR-15's w/silencers & some Bump-Stocks & 3MR
I’m moving $$ out of the country.
Is it going to Cypress Bank, (Owner) @WilburRoss our Treasury or something or other Sec. Russian, Chinese & American $$ for cleaning
no
Not is trump exemplifying poor leadership but is demonstrating an extreme act of "MANS INHUMANITY TO MAN" quote of Arvids Zeodonis CIRCA1973
The word you’re not using is, “murder.”  It’s past time to stop playing nice with these madmen.
It isn't poor leadership. It's a complete dereliction of duty. Trump needs to be removed ASAP by any means necessary.
It's NO leadership.
So tired of hearing everyone complaint about the orange haired bastard ... what is anyone doing about? We need congress to do something.
That's NO leadership. We have no leadership; just a Truman Show named Trump.
dishonest person ur
Yet another distraction. Signing an EO that will sabatoge ACA. As @maddow says, watch what he does not what he tweets or says.
Its abuse...PERIOD !
He's blatantly showing proof that he's a failure.  What can be done about it BEFORE he gets us all killed by nuclear war?
@realDonaldTrump is not a leader he is an outrageous bully
Or, as we say in a rational world, impeachable.
That's putting it mildly.
You misspelled Sadism Senator
There's virtually nothing that he's done that isn't poor leadership.
We have no leadership
No it's plain evil!
It's a monster in OUR White House.
Please remove him from office. We know he's a problem. It's your job to find a solution.
What do want from a moron.
That's not leadership, that's punishment from a cruel dictator!
Then don't follow. #FakeIndian
“Thats poor leadership” is Understatement of the year
Exactly !!!
That's NO Leadership. What is wrong with him? #25amendment
Seems like a dereliction of duty to me. #ImpeachTrump
Do something about it
He has shown many signs of poor leadership. From rocket man to Puerto Rico to hiring his children, all are signs of poor leadership.
Not really poor leadership as much as NO leadership.
It’s outrageous that you’ve abstained from doing your job since November.  That’s the poorest example of leadership.
Poor leadership?  Please...that's failed leadership of what is fast becoming a failed state.
Condemning in stronger words
Nice sweet words don't work Gozilla can't understand this language
From here in flyover country seems pretty much any and every thing Trump does is "outrageous" to the left....lol
It’s not leadership at all @SenWarren
That’s NO leadership!

I'm told Elizabeth Warren was in Belvedere, CA last night. Less than hour drive from the big wildfires. Was holding a reelection fundraiser
#25thAmendment
Poor leadership is all he does.
Stop praising him with faint damnation, its not "poor leadership," it's criminal malfeasance.
#25thAmendment
There is NO leadership
He isn't a leader.  He is a psychopathic fool.
Get it going and impeach him.
No, that's genocide
No poor leader ship is when politicians take money ment for infrastructure and spends it in them selves!
That's murder.
That's trump - piss poor leadership from a man with piss poor protoplasm. A defective bully whose also an imbecile.
And racism.
you are also poor leadership the banks are getting away with more than ever and you were supposed to make them accountable!

1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Always attacking our president with nonsense. But silent on real corruption. Disgusting!
It wouldn't be so confusing if you stoped twisting words and meanings!
Are the threats veiled?
When does impeachment begin? He's borderline tyranny right now.
Poor leadership is putting it mildly.
How many threats to our freedoms and life (N. Korea) do we have to hear before this would be Hitler gets thrown out?! My God
You cant put Trump, US and leadership in the same sentence. But using Trump, Russia and Corruption makes perfect sense. 
Horrible man!!
He is distroying this country. He really needs help. He needs taken out of the WH.
Veiled?
It's much much worse than that, Ms Warren.  I think it borders on genocide. Why do we continually dance around speaking the truth about him?
Please somebody step up and start impeachment proceedings
Mayor Cruz needs to run for governor. Redux Brewer meeting Obama.
Congress do something people are dying and dotard is MIA
Check the golf course
Did we expect anything else from a lifelong racist who colluded with his KKK daddy to discriminate against African Americans in housing?!
Poor leadership? That’s NO leadership.
It is good to see a Senator sticking up for this country, as a Dem US Rep has been repeatedly insulting Americans.
Hint: he represents Pennsylvania's 13th US congressional district.
Did we expect anything different? The people in PR are brown and poor. It's called "nativism", otherwise known as racism.
@l_tucc @realDonaldTrump no that’s evil racist get even w the mayor for dissing me leadership.
He has never been a leader.
Donnie John is a #POS, please help #Impeach
When has @realDonaldTrump ever shown any semblance of leadership? Never. He’s mentally incapable
When has he acted like a leader?
That's genocide.
It's also sociopathic in a PRESIDENT!
Start THE dialogue, please, before something else happens. 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
That is ZERO leadership!  One more unhinged moment from #Trump.
What he’s doing now is evil.
And I’m not saying HE’s evil, he’s sick in his soul, but his ACTIONS are evil right down the line.
He couldn't get away with it if PR had the representation in Congress that comes with statehood: Your voice is essential!
Poor leadership but more importantly, it's unpatriotic and UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Isn't it more than poor leadership? Where is the Congressional leadership to save Americans from our  inept  and dangerous president ?
That's beyond "poor leadership". Its criminal!
He didn't say he was pulling them he said they can't stay forever. And he said congress should do their job and decide.   So do your Job
Lizzie is the best twister of Potus' words out there.  Even better than Moulton, Pelosi, and Crying Chuck
We all know he owes  them 33 million, so he done
STOP w/these ridiculous tepid remarks!DO SOMETHING! Stop this insanity. People in PR are dying & millions are losing their health insurance.
Because he is a poor "leader."
No, it's sociopathic.
Thank you, wonderful Senator Warren- for continuing to lead on this and other critical issues- more power to you and to a progressive US.
He’s a .  It’s not surprising
Apparently the beatings will continue until morale and the message improves.
I don't want to hear anything just take action! Talk is cheap
Ok. Then rally your colleagues to impeach or remove via the 25th. What are you waiting for? Your words are worthless without action.
It shouldn't surprise anyone! He's been a poor leader since the beginning. Our country and its people deserve so much better!!
Poor Leadership? More like Evil Sadism!
That's being a low information narcissistic racist. Why can't the congressional leadership compel the cabinet to move on the 25th amendment
No direspect but that's the understatement of the year.
That's an understatement.
It's criminal. Why the understatement? Thou shall not kill. People have been condemned.
I think it's racism. No ifs ands or buts about it!
He is unfit
He's not qualified to lead a duck parade.
He’s batshit crazy and enjoys chaos. Let’s stop responding to every stupid empty tweet. Most important keep investigating Russia.
What do you expect from the tangerine turd?
Change of subject...why is this being allowed in America?
Why isn’t President Trump calling out “Russia Today,” which blasts our own intelligence agencies in its advertising? https://twitter.com/natashabertrand/status/918077270396493824 …
A HELL of a lot more than "poor leadership." It's CRAP. Not leadership at all. There. I said it.
No Elizabeth...that's called intentional homicide....
Ya think?
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
That's murder
Puerto Ricans are Americans who didn’t stroke .@realDonaldTrump ‘s ego, hubris sufficiently enough FOR YOU .@POTUS 
@SenWarren, this is true. It is obvious since day one that pres Trump has inadequate knowledge to serve our country in the executive branch.
You can see why we have Hurricane Harvey, Irma, Maria, Jose, Katia and Nate at the same year.
Think that was one of his campaign promises. 'Poor leadership. The poorest leadership there has ever been anywhere. Period.'
The governor criticized the toddler so he is threatening to take his toys and go home. #Resist#Impeach#RussianPuppetTrump
Pocahontas speak with forked tongue
Just that?  Or the last 10 months?
No Liz.  YOU are poor leadership.  You would gladly bankrupt this country, just like Venezuela,  to further your socialist goals.
Please: start the  process to evoke the 25th amendment ASAP
when has he demonstrated even mediocre leadership?
That's not 'poor leadership', that's EVIL.
That is poor humanitarianism! He calls himself a Christian?! Sad.
Exactly. He is not what America represents. He’s just a black eye. We and P Rico will prevail eventually but Trump will always be a jerk.
