Trump is washing his hands of it so he can throw red meat to his base AND blame Congress if it implodes. That's leadership?
Congress makes laws!  What don't you understand? SMH
You have to meet someone to know they're racist? How bout the klan? I've never met them but feel pretty confident. Pochahontas? #Racism
@SenWarren Sadly, I have much more 'faith' in @JoelOsteen than I do in America keeping its promises to black & brown folks #DefendDACA
Agree sadly look how many black folks didn't turn out and vote in 16 Had they turned out like they did for Obama we wouldn't have Trump
@lsleblanc1 black folks did turn out to vote....95% black women for @HillaryClinton.  Sadly, we have @POTUS because of white women turn out
What were you watching sorry but not true.
Umm...what I wasn't watching was @FoxNews...Sorry, but it's true, white women are responsible for Trump
Neither was I in Oakland Ca & Richmond less than 1/2 turned out to vote in 16 I worked the polls. What I saw doesn't match what you say or
(2) the stats
Youre so disingenuous..O only enacted daca via EO cuz Congress couldnt make it law. And it was set to expire.
His primary goal of office is to erase any trace of Obama, even if it includes beneficial programs that he doesn't understand.
Like a common thug criminal who finds someone in their sick mind who they think is worse than they are to compare himself to so he may feel
(2) better about himself. Look at all the criminals in prison who do the same with child molesters
And not a watered down version or trading DACA for wall funding. Just pass it clean.
How about the promises you made when you swore to uphold the Constitution? Do you think you should keep that one, Fauxcahontis?
Trump is poisoning our already great nation.  This insanity must end.
Aaahh this is d only president who has kept his promises, dumb Obama screwed this country bad
Who else in the country gets 31 days vacation half way through the year
GET IT DONE! Dem's been purposely kicking the DACA can for years!!! Anyway to get the fear vote, nothing more!!GET IT DONE!
You tweet more BULL than Bernard, aka HILLARY'S spoiler. Who you gonna blame
Betsy, I can tell that you need to go potty. Now off with you.
American's didn't promise anything to illegals. Obama did. That's "what happened" to Hillary. #BuildTheWall #EndDACA
What if you were in their place?
America overwhelmingly wants DACA kids to stay here. Please, Congress, teach DT the difference between right and wrong.
He knows the difference. You don't - 25th Amend. Congress only entity that can make immigration laws. That's why he told Congress to do it.

My Indian Princess #Obama can’t write laws.
Then do your job and do it the right way.
What is $8 billion divided by 800,000? Let them buy their citizenship & use the money to build the wall.
The average age of your DACA dreamer is 25 years old.
QUIT LYING
You mean Obamas promises..can you tell him to bring back the boat.. Hillary can keep the rugs
Whose promise? Congress did not pass a law.
What is going on in the USA 
#MAGA
Trump is a liar so he can't keep any promises, he is cruel, racist and wicked all of them should go #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
liar? He's keeping every campaign promise he made.
He is keeping his campaign promises. Unlike Warren, Ryan, McCain, Schumer, Crazy Maxine, Pelosi, McConnell.
What? I think Trump IS keeping his promises. #IllegalsOUT YOU on the other hand are corrupt in making our country the middle east
America did not promise... a radical communist wrote a memo that was illegal
Sen Warren please fight for the #DREAMAct !!! I'm a constituent &'#IStandWithDreamers & #DACA
#America did not promise #IllegalImmigrants anything!  @BarackObama did them a disservice by executing an illegal #EO, and lying to them.
"America" didn't promise anything.  Obama did, by circumventing rule of law (his specialty).  Please, Liz; go play in your plastic teepee.
He's keeping his promises. It's YOU democrats who are obstructing and I'm sorry, Americans know this.
There were NEVER any promises you loon! Not only was DACA unconstitutional but it was explicitly only temporary at best! Now it's gone!
Wasn't that the plan? For congress to take action. Stop bitching and do your job
That's what the hell he intended to do. Take a unconstitutional executive order, and start doing your job, passing laws not obstructing
Quit tweeting and talk to your buddies to get it  done
Who's promises. NOT the hardworking American people!!
Thats your job dummy...not the Presidents.
Exactly, do the right thing for them without playing games. Can't you all just do it right the first time!
Do you ever listen? That is what Trump has said so it's up to you
Terrified for our country!
Then do it!
Create a short cut for legalization in these situations..they are educated and speak English,just fill out some forms and they become legal
What Game of Thones taught me,If somebody's this evil,their parents must be related. Hm?@realDonaldTrump? #DefendDREAMers #DefendDACA
This immigrants are people.Kids of immigrants who consider America their http://country.You  should just deport yourself to Sun,Donald
Take the millions you made through corruption and stealing from us and pay for  DACA
It wasn't America's promise it was Obama's promise
He's intent on a dictatorship, please do all you can to stop him
Congress needs to act to keep us alive and out from under the Trump regime!!!!!!
Immediately - tie it to #HarveyRelief both are bipartisan and popular #DefendaDACA
Go back and read the constitution - It wasn't lawless Obama's place and Pres Trump knows it wasn't his place - Lazy congress place
That's YOUR job Warren.
You know.... That's all he really wanted - do it legally. DACA was an illegal, unconstitutional move. If you really want it, do it right.
He has no concept of civics. Nothing takes a few days to get done. But still I ask 7 years? At least an outline to fix Obamacare.
Noooo
Add it to the hurricane relief bill! Republicans want that!
You only have yourself to blame for this problem now fix it. It's called work you should try it sometime
Quit whining if you can't do your job step aside so someone else can. you've been Senator longer than Trump's been president
What promise did America make that included breaking federal law?
Ya think?  Congress should have done their jobs long ago!  Instead you all did nothing and caused this havoc for my President!  GET TO WORK!
America? WTF R U talking about Liz! Not America, just a nut president who was acting illegally on Americas part! He's rich, send them to him
Maybe it's time people like you and the other 99 people wasting time in the Senate learn to do your jobs.
You mean like the President said...both this one and the one before him.  DACA was temporary, because the executive branch doesn't make law.
Then we can count on your support of #DefendDACA @SenWarren ?
WELL DUH.  Just in case you didn't know, Obama's Exec. Order was illegal cuz, POTUS doesn't make laws, CONGRESS does.
Hell no we are a nation of laws. Why do you left idiots insist on not following the rule of law. Idiots.
This was not America's promise bc you, the lawmakers, FAILED to put it into LAW. You left these kids vulnerable. Own it. Fix it. Do Ur job!!
No!we need to follow the law!
One of the promises of America is the Chief Executive's duty to enforce the law. YOUR job is to enact it, so JUST DO IT, and stop whining!!!
Persist
Politicians are so phony the opportunity to unite (Tx and Dreamers) is in your face but you continue the dysfunction. Worthless D.C. We see
America's promise is generously extended to those who come here legally. Rule of law is important
I agree it should not be stuck in an executive order. You're in congress - fix it, finally.
Congress should have acted a verrry long time ago. What have you been waiting for? #Stopwhining and #Blaming
Congress do your job! #DefendDACA
It also has to be constitutional... Quit trying to make laws that are absolutely unconstitutional and start putting Americans first

*taps foot* *checks watch* *refolds arms* So...when is that action supposed to start? #outoftime
Republicans are not interested in solving this problem. This is potentially the only thing he will ever achieve and his legacy is at stake!
Yes act and your voting record will get u fired, well maybe not here in #libachusetts
Mrs Warren, 

Thank you for what you do!!!
Then do your job . Do something already
With No Strings Attached. Pure bill.
Thank you. Thats the job of congress to enact legislation. Obama had no business creating DACA.
the executive decision made by obama was illegal!!! President trump just sending it to congress where it belonged in the first place.
Inform yourselves people. DECA was an executive order that was never meant to be permanent. Do your homework and educate yourselves.
That's the general idea Fauxcohontas... Executive orders are not the law. And the majority of Americans have had it with illegal immigrants.
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @zeitgeistbabe @MtnMD #Veterans #Law ACA Template on HOW to FIGHT Back for #DACA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TDkgIEn5Ac …
Congress can't do squat
Democrats need to fight HARD against this administration!
Obama did a XO because he couldn't pass it! Your failure to address immigration has led to this point! YOU
Illegal promises? Do your job and pass real laws
What about your promise to be true to the people you have a lot of nerve talking about POTUS when you lied to get money 4 college!
This is for Trump
God forbid that @SenWarren do her job!! Much easier to push it off on Trump because she knows it would cost her BIG at the polls. SPINELESS!
They are here illegally. Allow them to stay and prevent them from voting democrat. Whatcha Warren shut her mouth then
Wow!! What a revelation!! The suggestion that YOU and Congress actually do your job!! Your approval rating in less than half of Trumps!
Keep the promises to the American people my @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
God bless you and thank you!
While Congress is acting on DACA it should also take up Trump's impeachment. Trump wants DACA out and we want Trump out.
Only ppl with morals would care, that excludes Dolt 45
It's congress freaking job to make that decision that osama obama did not follow , should have impeached him
So true. I will call my sens. & conressmen wednesday!
That is their job and by the way that is you job. Congress needs to address this. Trump is right congress needs to sept up to the plate.
@realDonaldTrump is correct - this action by Obama was a "Overreach" AND you are correct. Congress does need to do it's Job & must act  !
Bite me
Permanent but for how long ?
At this point anyone who believes anything coming out of his mouth will I really do not saying this word but stupid comes to mind.
Yes the law is pretty much what your job is. Not the President.
OH really.  What about the promises we made to the native Americans. Your people.  Let's start there before we move on
There is no honor among thieves, and no compassion among darkness.
From your lips to God's ears.  Make it happen!!
POTUS is keeping his promises to the PEOPLE!
Make it happen, Elizabeth!
You are high
#DeportMelania #ImpeachTrumpandPence
Keep promises? How about you in Congress keep the Treaties-just for starters?
It was Obama's false promise.... never approved by Congress... not America's promise... another lie from Pocahontas herself. VOTE HER OUT!
#nullify2016 #nullify2016 #nullify2016 #nullify2016 #nullify2016 #nullify2016 #nullify2016 #nullify2016 #nullify2016 #nullify2016
I wonder why u care now, Dems didn't care about these people in Obamas 1st term. #Hypocrisy
Promises to Americans? Or Illegal aliens?? Whom do you represent? You are a fraud.
Congress is the only group that can & should have decades ago
Will be litmus test for CHARACTER.

How dare Obama,Durbin & helpless Repubs blame  @POTUS as "mean" for giving Congress 6 mos to DO THEIR JOBS! Dems had all power- and did O!
You are the lawmaker. @realDonaldTrump is following the law as written. Maybe you should do your job and put it to a vote.
That's what it's all about. Legislate.
Do something & get rid of him!!!!
Trump made this promise during campaign ..... time for congress go to work
Elaine, pay no attention to Pookiehontas the fake Indian maiden! She's beyond any productivity in Congress. 
Congress should get to work , pass necessary bills. Break time is over

Cont'd: you ever listen to America instead of what you or dems think is the best!
Lieawatha that is exactly what @realdonaldtrump said. Time for congress to do there job. Any immigration bill also must fund the wall. #MAGA
Warren, why don't yo
The nasty things that come out of people's mouths is so sad. Trump look what you have started. America we are so better then this. Very sad
But McConnell sits on his satanic hands and does nothing.
@PressSec hit the nail on the head. DACA put into place to secure dems voter base. Period.
we made no promises to law breakers
Do not let this piece of shit try to tie DACA to a Bill to build his stinking wall.
Have you filed a bill or are you just talking also. You have had 4 years to straighten this mess out.
Its unconstitutional di u not understand that Warren
Promises that Obama should have never made.
America should enforce its own laws. The left wants to pick and chose whichever ones are good for its base.
25th Amendment, Liz.
Congress had a chance to make DACA permanent but u failed. Take some responsibility DT wasn't President then stop blaming him
Trump suppprters say Congress can take action to make DACA law and protect Dreamers. What is stopping you?
But isnt that what your boss loves? Executive order?Be consistent,General.
It's always been Congress' job to act!!! But you never have.  If you're so upset write a good piece of legislation to protect these Dreamers
Then maybe you should finally earn your paycheck and do your damn job!
America DID NOT promise #DACA @BarackObama did! And he broke the law to do it! All you democrats are snakes & don't care about the Amer ppl
And where does it stop. People are bringing children in every day; you are just kicking the can
confess should've already acted to make DACA permanent, this one is on y'all's worthless asses.
Well, Senator, you are in Congress.  Get busy.  It is the old put up, or shut up.
Obama acted illegally. Congress allowed illegal act. Do your job @SenWarren or get out of Congress. Trump is obeying US laws!
You liberals are masters at relabeling.
Trump never keeps his promises...just his money.
We dont have to keep promises obama made on his own, AGAINST the Laws you supported. You must support u did nothing to change it.
Why haven't you done something about illegal immigration before now?!? How long have you been a senator?
Curious @SenWarren, when you say "America should keep its promises," if something is illegal should those who broke law be held accountable?
Absolutely
If Congress had done it's job under the Obama administration, it would be a problem. Propose legislation to solve it, stop slinging mud.
Would not...
No, no, no
I'll be susprised if they do..

There wasn't any promise, Congress used DACA as reelection stands, ya'll didn't care about those young people at all now you got to.
Sorry Liz, former President Obama made the unconstitutional promises, not America.
That's his plan.
Absolutely! Justice is supposed to be Blind, not heartless
His plan was to make you start working together / instead of being the NOTHING PARTY. But.. he can Veto if not CORRECT!!
If you would pay attention that is exactly what he said!!  What lame brain
Do it now, do it fast, and for heaven's sake, keep it away from anything with the wall.  Wall is ridiculous, unfair to hold Dreamers hostage
1st sentence of the DHS Memo makes it clear, that DACA was "built on prosecutorial discretion; it confers no legally protected right"

I don't recall making any promises to illegal immigrants and last time I looked I'm part of "America"
If USA was known for keeping its promises we wouldn't be in this sitch right now. @POTUS the worst offender #sad
CLEAN BILL!
