Burn this image into your brain- It is what our President thinks will "Make America Great Again"

We are better than this!
For the love of god, stop with your Soros crap. Put ypur thinking cap on.
I don't beleive in white supremacy. They were permitted. Antifa showed up. Violence ensued
Doesn't matt if u believe it, Neo Nazi that showed up in military garb with torches chanting "all heil Trump" and "blood & soil" do.
Once you revoke your Antifa membership you might be taken seriously.
That's a funny image, my old ass dressed all in black looking for a fight. I am lot wiser than idiots fighting their neighbors.
At least you have a good comeback. I'll give you that!
Are you still not condemning the blm and antifa? No democrat has and it shows your bias persona.
BLM wants equality. Nazis want supremacy. Big difference dimwit.
And as usual it's always name calling for a response
Maybe I'm fed up with people defending NAZIS!!!! Ever think of THAT!? This is NOT NORMAL!!
So that's a reason for name calling?  Things will never change until we all change ourselves
Did I call YOU a name? No. I've seen hundreds defending Nazis today. Nazis. Anyone trying to defend them is an ass. I won't be silent.
Like you can't stand all this Nazi stuff I can't stand all the responses with name calling in them. Why can't things ever be civil?
All the tweets today show just why the country is so divided. It blows my mind how social media has gotten so ugly from all sides
But what happens when the President is evil too?
Bots are out 
Are you saying the same thing about your buddy Maxine Waters? Hear the racist garbage coming out of her mouth? Awfully quite about that huh?
STOP with the "evil" agenda! You ALL use the same scripts & keywords to incite division! It's unbelievable!! You people are unbelievable!
@POTUS was not taught right from wrong. He learned at knee of his father, all is fair in the search for the golden idol & whites are best.
idiot
"Progressives" stormed Rally to instigate before it started. Was planned and permitted event. More Antifa/BLM than UniteTheRight
Any Monument or Statue that is at least a Hundred Years Old should be  protected by Historical Laws that it can't be removed or be Destroyed
There are historical homes in our towns that you cannot install central air conditioning because they have to remain intact as it once was
Yes.. that is they way it is here.  #GA
One home in our town in particular you cannot even change the color of the paint on the house it is that protected
Ridiculous. Historic preservation is a big government, Democrat construct to give history grads gov jobs. Half of Philadelphia need be razed
I am glad that our buildings, churches have been preserved.  Tiny little town, very picturesque.  Population less than 10,000.
But Senator, he is the evil.
I can't even with your ridiculousness right now, seek life elsewhere. Oh wait......
The president and his caretakers are evil. Isn't that obvious to you by now?
They sure are... they froze 10 million granted to combating white supremacists...
The Virginia courts allowed this rally to take place in Charlottesville. $10 million would not have stopped it.
The alt-right movement is the American Isis.
I think you mean, Antifa
You disgust me, quit trying to blame the President for everything.
ELIZABETH: Any concerns about "right & wrong" of masked men holding sticks w nails? Will you publicly denounce Antifa or is that not evil? 
Man up, don't hide behind a mask.
And BLM threatening to kill cops and white people....how about commenting  on that..and those threats carried out
Trump is evil 
He is useless.  The rest of our govt should fire him, he's unfit to be in office.  We all know it, and it's being ignored.
#TRUMP2020
And Pense 2024
Quit judging and let's face it is as is. Now let's educate and provide other options
Quit judging Nazi murderers???? NEVER
Hurt people hurt people. He will be in jail. But the system needs changing. They can't know what they don't know
These natzis were not made in one day but through generations after generations. None of them had any experience outside their community
They are doing as their parents taught. As their community believed.with nothing surrounding them to offer different living until college
How can anyone expect them to know differently. It is important to understand the environment creates the belief system. And knowledge. ..
Knowledge can only come from experience...most of these men truly believe they are fighting for their rights which are taken away by those..
Ok. @SenWarren Evil.

You're right, I feel better already.
See...the thing is unlike Obama who made statements without the facts that were proven wrong almost every time....Trump waited for the facts
I don't recall a single liberal condemning Antifa's violence
Maybe you should do it now
I've noticed that too. Hmmmmmm...
POTUS is a lost cause. Nobody should have to tell him what the right side is.
idiot
Take the e & ly off = "special" tells u why your president didn't & won't say it either!!!  Just saying.  
What?
Yes please run in 2020 so we can beat you too.
Hahaha. WARREN would get her ass spanked in a presidential election!
Apparently - you stay WOKE...keep up the good fight Mrs. Warren, so many of us depend on your STRENGTH!
OMG, her strength?????? She's a f@cking liar who tried to pass herself off as an American Indian....
You tell em Pocahontas!!
When will you disavow Antifa?

#Diehlforsenate
He did...he handled it,,now pipe down.
He's been crystal clear in his condemnation of hateful, bigoted and racist vitriol. You and your ilk refuse to acknowledge it.
There is no room for the Nazis in our country
But @potus even uses a racial slur to refer to YOU, senator. He is despicable and not fit to lead anything. #Charlottesville
He's perfect...and he's your President.
You are the very definition of a Nazi, Elizabeth Warren. Your tactics are stealth and deceptive. Step down from your soap box.

#MAGA #TRUMP
Like Obama did!  Idiot!  Double standard, huh?
Did you call out BLM for calling for the murders of innocent police officers?  That, you POS, is true evil.
Don't you have more lies to tell? Like I am native American,
Exactly so now you need to say it;  AntiFa is violent and hateful and Black Lives Matter kills cops.
He has like thousands of times. You need a mental check up.
I AGREE
For 150 yrs
Cherokee,Chickasaw,Choctaw,Creek, &Seminole called "5 Civilized Tribes"
They bought/owned BLACK SLAVES as chattel
EVIL!
He Did, just not the way u wanted. Move on..people so bored of this crp..do your job pls... thats why dems lost election
He did say it, are  The American peoples voted for him. We want change..from you!!!
U r evil lady 
I think it was extremely evil to create a #RobertELee Day on the same day as MLK Day. We should condemn @billclinton for signing it into law
A lot of the @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP aren't getting the memo.
If the present administration continues to stand with Trump,  we the people will replace the entire administration  , 
Joe and Jane public are begging those who can fight against the Trump administration  before this revolution truely turns violent!  #Resistance #ANTITRUMPMVMT
So, do evil people have rights? CAn I prevent Planned Parenthood from marching? They have killed millions.
He IS the evil.
But some people don't know the difference, like you.
@SenWarren you are so intellectually dishonest! Practice what you preach!
Right on
Okay, Elizabeth.  Abortion is evil.
Especially you. I didn't hear any.comments from you about Hillary. She is evil.
yeah but @POTUS is NOT my President....never will be
Uh, yes he is, he's the President of the entire USA, how many times do I have to say this.......
Ok, you're evil!
@POTUS needs to declare #Antifa as terrorist organization
He did but your so blind with hatred you won't say he has.  We see and you'll see when you're defeated.
Warren is beside herself. She doesn't know who she is!  She doesn't know her heritage. Tell her to take a DNA test!
There's a reason why she refuses, maybe it will come back moslem.
Evil is black lives matter, antifa and progressives
He did when he said Pocahontas!
I encourage all Americans who are sick of this hateful woman to donate to @va_shiva so we can send this hateful woman packing in Nov/18.
Shut up Warren, your slap happy buddy, Obama left this Country fractured. Anyway White Supremacist vs Antifa, the Democratic goon squad.
@SenWarren - Please have Trump removed immediately! His alt right has attacked Heather again with this vile evil!
.@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned. 
Your evil Warren! Ppl know u lied about heritage, to go to Harvard! Who's evil?
Where were you idiots when obama would never say radical islasmist what a double standard
Ok, our President is evil
Your a tool
The President doesn't know right from wrong. If evil supports him he think that's great. His ego is very dark.
@SenWarren: YOU are evil.
and there was evil from all sides, are you deaf?!
Your support of Big Government that makes slaves of us all is evil.
Should we trust the judgment of a "progressive" who remained silent when a REAL progressive was running for president?
How's your tribe doing? Oh wait, you aren't Native American you just lied about it to benefit from it.
So wrong.
Sorry couldn't resist.
I know, but what happened yesterday, we need to be careful in what we say. It will show what side we are on. Believe or condemn.
that's true.
Except that he's as evil as they are. @realDonaldTrump
How about you saying it? Name it even?! Antifa & BLM are to blame f #CharlottesvilleVA including killing ppl with a car! Say it loud,Warren!
He did idiot.
THERE IS EVIL. It's called lying self serving politicians like yourself . Your NASTY rhetoric divides the country and is the cause of chaos
You say the president needs to say/denounce evil (kkk, neonazis, etc) but Democrats need to clearly expose that the president...
...doesn't say it because he doesn't believe it!!!
What about you say you are not Indian. Look in the mirror hypocrite!!!!!!!
He did call it out watch the pres conference
This is your party Pocahontas.

@realDonaldTrump 
2020 can't get here soon enough ! Warren/Newsom 2020 ... and administration that we can be proud of!
I would argue that falls under the legal definitions for involuntary manslaughter without fail.
The fact that he didn't initially says it all..he did only because of all the criticism
You are focused on the narrative that benefits you!!! Stick to the truth! There was evil on Both sides! POTUS called ALL sides out!
"Charlottesville: FIRST TERRORIST ATTACK TO OCCUR ON DONALD TRUMP'S WATCH"
Second that motion any day Sen Warren!! We got the right and left being aware of their actions, except when it comes to right and wrong! USA
Stop the hate and be the solution then.  Come together for peace. Your ranting never helps. NEVER .
Stop being a terrible role model.
You Democrats have had nothing but an evil agenda since Trump won, everything you say and tweet is malicious and judgmental, get a mirror.
Trump has no clue what honesty and humility mean! A professional psychiatrist said to me "Trump is delusional ". Impeach him NOW!
couldn't agree more, Interesting dble standard when it comes to Islamic ISIS terror. YOU CAN'T SAY THE WORDS.  PLs EXPLn
Maybe look in the damn mirror!!
@realDonaldTrump said exactly who he is. He is one of the white supremacists, and won't condemn his own.
Slick. Condemn color judging White Nationalists, but leave BLM/Antifa unscathed? You demanded a false choice of the President. He beat you.
Trump=Evil POS
Evil on both sides! And u people can't even b role models of UNITY!!
What if your president is evil?
I hear you but hung about the President, but not the evil tat occurred!  Hypocrite!  Typical dem position.  Shut up!
The antics I laughed at as buffoonery during his (trump) campaign, I now realize was intentional. We are  seeing the fruits! I am horrified!
I will say it..
Sen. Warren is EVIL.
She promotes violence from ANTIFA and is a LIAR.
Hope that clears it up FAUXCOHANTAS!!!
EVIL PERSON!!
How about you start working with our president to make this country great again???
Interesting how you select which evil you choose to attack.  BLM Antifa preach hatred and violence against conservatives and police,crickets
Here's a judgement Pocahontas: You're a lying, hypocritical, self-seeking, hateful opportunist who has inflamed this country w your rhetoric
And how is this differentiated from @POTUS behaviors?
@InSpiteOfTrump our president is especially evil.
That monster is not my president
Really dont u mean just when its whites
Evil is the hate you spread based on politics. You are evil!
Our@POTUS is far from evil. You spewing hate & accusations are far more evil! Period!  Stop it! It doesn't help our country
He is evil personified and talks about himself constantly. 
I'm quite sure he thinks that counts.

Amen
You wanna tear statues? Tear down this monument to Pedophilia.
Not when they are his main supporters and he employs alleged Nazis on his staff
It's sad that in this tragedy you crazy liberals still want to politicize everything. You just don't get it do you?
Explain it then?
Especially if it panders to your base.  Hate is hate, and it's coming from both sides.  Call it out always, not only when it benefits you.
Obama can't even say the word Isis
He is evil. The blood of the victims today is on his hands.
Evil that's not so hard to say evil!
And we also need to say we lied about being Native American when we weren't.
I don't believe Trump sees it as evil. No, he sees it as an interruption to his golf game.
From now on whenever you make a statement like this, you should sign it POCAHONTAS...
POTUS did, and we should not tragedy's as a political opportunity, do something besides POTUS hate mongering
Ok then.... Elizabeth, you're evil. How's that?

Where the hell was obama  when blm was  calling for death to all cops and burning and looting buildings ? Where was your fake out rage Then?
Not as he is part of the evil.
Too bad he won't risk offending his base. Sad
You wear your moral superiority well Elizabeth. It sticks to you like Velcro on a pair of dirty old shoes.
Why don't you call out black genocide of UNplanned MURDERhood,the present day slavery that sells black people & gives death $$ 2 DEMONcrats

We've been yelling it to tops of our lungs for months. We know you feel the same. What will it do take for GOP to remove him from office?
You damn skippy, @SenWarren
No ESPECIALLY YOU Dizzy Lizzy Fucahontis..EVIL personified
SENATOR THIS IS JUST A BEGINNING WE STILL HAVE HEALTHCARE WE NEED TO FIX THAT !WE HAVE LOT'S OF ISSUES NEED BE SOLVED!
Our POTUS did instantly n thoroughly despite your fake comments.  If u believe in right, then stop the seditious statements n respect POTUS.
Because trump is an evil man
I've yet to hear you name all the evil participants from yesterday. Antifa, David dukes, BLM, George Soros money? Come out with it.
Except for a man who is bereft of common decency and valor. @realDonaldTrump
Hilarious!! No one gets retweeted. Faux Indian Girl.
He did, how about you and the evil #dem party. Ready to step up & call those #librotards out. I'm guessing he was just saying hello...
Call out the #Antifa terrorists! @SenWarren
That group didn't have MAGA or Trump flags. They didn't even have American flags. Group was NOT Trump supporters. The optics were obvious
Is it not time to start impeachment efforts? Before @potus erodes civilization further
Please help me find your outrage in 2016 when conservatives were attacked and the White House.....crickets.
Isaiah 5:20  Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil;
Obama did that for 8 years.
Gee, you call your president evil and say nothing about the lunatic in North Korea ready to lob missiles at us!
And when the president has clearly demonstrated he is evil, Senator Warren? Stop standing idly by
When will YOU & all  Libtard DemoCraps call out BLM & ANTIFA for all the violence they've caused today & since election-there were 2 sides
And if you see Paul Ryan please remind him of his ethical and moral obligation to the nation.  His power is to serve the people, not party.
I strongly feel that you will not support Mr. Trump when he does do great work, just because he also has issues or ignorances. How does a
Well said.
Kind of difficult Elizabeth. He is the Devil!
We're waiting for you to denounce leftist ANTIFA violence.
Oh God, can you say something with out attacking the President.  It gets so old.
