I bet you didn't go to the front line!
What kind of favor?
Sophia, you are joking right, is it even possible to be that stupid?
Favors are NOT American. Giving should be from the kindness of ones heart, and not expecting anything in return. You're some kind of special
Oh gosh, she still didn't get, god bless this poor soul lol
I would love to continue to call you out on your fake life & profile but I have friends to hangout with & celebrate our country #MAGA 
Huh, never knew you were so pro military.
I bet did sounds like you have more international dealings  Investigate her She is giving out information to Media /other countries LEAKER
Campaigning Elizabeth?  Wasting your time!
Now that's going above and beyond to keep your word! Again please tell all the troops how much we appreciate them and respect them.
Hope your recent visit to Pakistan change theirs behaviour.
Your not doing anything else so maybe you should have stayed there
Hey Liz - can you ride a take like Mike Dukakis did?
Tell Commanding General Nicholson thank you for me, please.
That's Nice. What is your opinion on @RepBarbaraLee ammendment to repeal GWOT AUMF and force vote on new more narrowly scoped on?
If you think this is making you look good think again
Senator, please run for the Presidency!
Don't let her to close if your a Republican She promotes and incites violence/ shooting anyone with different opinions than hers Dangerous
I am so happy that BIPARTISIANSHIP trip by you and McCain for our troops ! That is America !
Pandering lying faux Indian
She's not Faux Native American. Do your research and get it from reputable sources.
Is this your way of saying this wasn't a free trip and a photo op @SenWarren?  #highcheekbones #Pocahontas
DNA Test?
Do u wear the same clothes everyday?
Sitting squaw   Photo op.  Geoff D all the way
You will be a great President
Go away
Step on a land mine please
Thank you for not golfing.
did U mind obama golfing so much? after the beheadings? isis burning people alive? isis killing women/children? mass shootings? obama golfed

For those wishing for a genuinely sincere, heartfelt #FourthofJuly  from a REAL #POTUS
... Here you go 

…
Did you wear your war paint?
SENATOR WARREN THESE BRAVE MEN DESERVE OUR LOVE; AND RESPECT! THEY GIVE UP SO MUCH FOR US!
Pocahantas ventured out of her dc safe snowflake space, brave little brave.
These are all just photo ops for you!  Dems don't care about troops!

How about enlisting one of ur relatives to service??!
Welcome to the 2020 race Senator 
Thank you for your service, General!
When you are not speaking, you appear normal.
So Lizzy, how many millions of dollars of tax payers money did you waste and piss away on this boondoggle vacation?
Not as much as president putt-putt
I very sure that your visit contributed nothing to Gen. Nicholson.  Maybe you should have stayed here and met with constituents.
You're  a shining beacon for MOST of voting America. While Trump's "Fake!" Cries highlight lunacy, you're a Genuine Patriot. Thank you!
I can't imagine he would be THAT lonely over there.
Senator Warren and General Nicholson, thank you both for your service!
Why are we still there 16 years and 3 presidencies after the fact? This boggles my mind. Call it quits and bring them back.
Get out of office
I suggest sitting down with the Afghans and smoke a peace pipe
Great post, and pic. BTW, you look terrific! 
He was kidding when he invited you there, can't you take a joke?
Get ready for an Orange Twittee bird storm.
Pelosi and Waters are killing the democrats!
He can take a HOT shower later to get clean!
Our military is impressive. Have never let the American people down.
Please do ... and forget your way back.
War monger
Comprehension is not your strong point.

#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 

Ha - Very cool Senator.
Thank you, happy Independence Day!
There outta be a law about 
Conduct Unbecoming for the Commander In Chief, just as there is for every armed services officer.
Me and my Family Love you Senator Warren!
NO ABORTOINS ON THE 4TH OF JULY !!!
If he ever visited me, I'd tell him that *he should be in jail, along with all the rest of them*...
You're clueless!
Following through, must be a Democrat thing..
Following through on paying back na $ she stole? That would impress me
Not parroting #fauxnews, that would impress me.
It's well documented & she admits it, not sure your comment makes sense, just because you don't like it...
