Just expecting people to do the right thing is not working. The system needs revamping.
Ain't gonna happen Liz, what little justice there may be has a price only the wealthy can afford. For the rest of us, the shaft of injustice
Agreed. Let's hold everyone accountable, including those who have political influence (Hillary Clinton). No one is above the law.
How would you know what equal justice is??? Clown
I think justice is good enough. Thanks though.
That is what they are supposed to do. No one Denys that
I agree... Like listen to the president? 
Senator Warren: Glad you support equal justice under the law...
@SenWarren #Truth #SuperiorCourt #SupremeCourt All #CourtsMatter Judges must provide #Equality #Honesty #Liberty #Justice matters under law.
Hi RT=RT This PR,its a #humanity & #Justice case #thaarjustice https://twitter.com/thaar/status/908389665325056000 …
Iraq: Global Terrorism and Violations of Justice and Human Rights - http://presswire.com/content/1782032/iraq-global-terrorism-and-violations-justice-and-human-rights …
Agreed just waiting for the politicians who have committed crimes to be prosecuted
Agreed,remove all the ignorant liberal bias ones and get real competent judges in they're places.
And yet, Obama Judges don't follow the law and make laws up as they go.
Liar
Sure, now that the libs are NOT running the show, u want equal justice.
Equal justice would include prosecuting @hillaryclinton . Lets do it
Yeah cuz thats what yall try to do when your picking courts to fight Trump huh !!!
so when does Hillary get indicted then?
Do U just make these statements to give the appearance that U mean them? Not sure who you think you are deceiving-your lemmings or critics?
One nation, under the dollar, with liberty and justice for the few who can afford it..
Yes, as if you really believe that chief warren.
Absolutely correct. Now tell that to Ginsburg, Kagan, and Sotomayor.
Law enforcement is also out of control here chanting Nazi rhetoric at citizens while in riot gear

Absolutely.... No one is above the law!
And to not legislate from the bench, right, Senator???
She doesnt have a friggin clue. She doesnt even know what race she is!
As long as that Justice favors the Democratic Party I think that's what you meant to say
Oh brother!
Awesome reply
No appropriate reply to an asinine comment...
So then you will be asking for a special prosecutor for clinton so she can be indicted ?
Then why does Hillary, the candidate you supported, get a pass for her crimes?
Tell that to Hillary
You're right. That's why many on the 9th circuit court of appeals need to go.
Keep the pink slips!
For every CITIZEN
They should have that mission. But they don't. What's the remedy?
But they don't, as you well know, they are liberal judges placed to push liberal ideas, not justice.
Pocahantas knows equal justice, was the first native American to be hired because of her ethnicity, competence was not considered necessary
@SenWarren  have you seen what’s going on in STL right now? Have you seen this?
And they should also have Term Limits. Nobody should be put in any position for life.
@Indivisible_TX Right and how are they allowed to change the ethics laws how can this happen after all this make there own rules
Didn't hear you complain when 9th Circus legislated from the bench. Hypocrite much?
And i suppose that justice is what the radical extremist liberal democrat believe that justice to be? isn't that right Liz?
That  doesn't apply to Republican judges.
Wrong. Did you forget about the Constitution?
Then why do you support progressive activists who want to take the law into their own hands- constantly flouting the rule of law?
Have U ever sat in courtroom for a day?Do that &answer me what "Justice" is.Those w/money get off, those with out feed corp private prisons
The mission you want is for every US and State court to be as insanely liberal as the 9th circuit. Equal 'social' justice is not Justice!!
To follow the Constitution not your idea of justice...
YEAH RIGHT AS LONG AS THEY VOTE DEMOCRAT WAY YOUR FINE WITH THEM
After all You really don't need any experience to be president. Haha
Anyone that believes in affirmative action by definition doesn't believe in equal justice
Says the WHITE GUY!!!! Captain fucking obvious.
Exactly thank you proving your racism
You can shout that from the mountaintops every minute for thecreat of your life and it still will never be true.
*the rest of your miserable life.
My bad!
It's factually true and I'm as happy as they come
No such thing as 'reverse' racism, but keep trying. Maybe you'll actually be an oppressed group when women take control.
Yea I guess Uncle Tom was just doing what was best for his ppl. I'm more of a fan of ppl controlling themselves I can see you're not so much
Kind of thought there was their job already...
Tell that to the judges that are blocking the presidential legal decree!
They don't. Some have a mission to force their religious beliefs upon the whole country through court decisions.
Your right on that one but problem is that they're way to many liberal judges with biased liberal judgements
Instead liberal judges want to interpret the law to fit their narrow minded agendas
Face it, you don't want someone that supports the constitution, you just want them to support your political view.  Very sad
Sadly its too often open to "interruption". If were going to "allow" interruption then lets allow Humanity to take the lead.Be ONE. Together
Even the secret courts! You would hope so
Imagine that in Massachusetts. DA's should be held accountable also in corrupt Mass courts.
And then we let McConnell steal a seat! No more. No more. Propose a bill to term limit the Supreme Court!
Oh so you mean like those hacks on the 9th circuit? Justice to you & most Dems is what 'feels'...not what actually IS right...clown.
I am assuming that you want only #liberal judges. We must #draintheswamp of @SenWarren and her #liberalagenda 
http://sendthempacking2018.org 
#MAGA
You forgot one small item, follow the constitution.
Tell that to the new SCOTUS judge seems to abide by a different standard.
Like the 9th district? 
Now days, they bribe the politicians to get on the court. So the court is bought long before the judges stoop to taking bribes themselves.
#Pocahontas
I agree Lieawatha 100%. Equal just as stated in black and white in the Constitution. Not as some liberal good ball judge sees fit.
Absolutely and that means the 9th circuit should be completely disbanded
Haha coming from you. Wow you do want to be re-elected
Laughable coming from Senator &party that rigged primary2benefit grifter,HillaryClinton. Where are her emails?How did HRC get so rich?Awan?
And you thank these judges that was put in place over the last eight year's fits this mission
They should be pro constitutional lawyers. Every one
Equal justice under law within the scope granted by the US Constitution & limiting their authority where not granted by the US Constitution.
That's rich coming from a progressive
They shouldn't smoke or be overfat either but the late Antonin Scalia was both overfat and a smoker. Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
9th circuit is equal?
Go away Liawatha.
Are the rulings of the ninth circuit equal for all or just the left.
Under the law not try to create law Elizabeth.
Silly old Elizabeth
Did Clinton get equal justice under the law?
Well, that's an original thought.  Time to up your game, Senator.
That's never going to happen as long as systemic racism permeates law enforcement and the courts. Can we get to the real issue please!
If that were the case 1/2 of your Party would be in Jail 
Even for unborn babies
What about your cheekbones, Hillary's constant mistakes, illegals running the streets, rioters pretense of free speech & gov employees?
I agree! Time to rid ourselves of the political left pawns that dictate from the bench!
Obama (ought to be Imama) judges can't even stick to the Constitution re: travel ban let only legislate equal Justice.
Lizzie and her liberal dribble.
Right according to the US Constitution not according to Bolshevik political interpretation!
My sources state: No kidding
If they did then you and most of your party would be wearing orange jump suits! #Pocahantas
Remember you said that next time a judge rules not in your favor
politicians should go to DC and work for the people that elected them. Not to go to fill pockets and get rich. Try it sometime! Hypocrite
That is exactly what every decent law abiding American needs from US judges not partician Liberals communist like you.
No kidding tell that to the ninth circuit. Don't be such a hypocrite that's what we would have liked for the past 8 years as well
Good luck finding a Judge who actually does that 
Little people see own views as right and support justified regardless of immorality of action. "End justifies  means" seen to justify bias.
The liberal judges don't understand constitutional law they try to write their own laws
That's exactly WHY they're there!
If that is truly how you feel why isn't Hillary Behind Bars why isn't Comey and rice Behind Bars? And Mueller should be fired!
Then why isn't Hillary and the rest not in jail.
The question, as defined by.....
But our laws need 2 = justice as well. The system & the rules r broken.
As long as they aren't strict constitutionalists & pro-choice, eh?
Yes, that is why @realDonaldTrump is nominating conservatives.
Equal Justice for all American Citizens.   NOT your beloved ILLEGALS.
That's rich Clinton
And yet, the 9th Circuit consistently rules based on feelings and "social justice" rather than the law. Shameful.
and if they did you'd never get anything you want, love the idea
Duh!
I think I love you Liz.
' Elizabeth said it...Justice, not Social Justice...you're learning...inform constituents please...good girl..superior...excellent...great.
The need to apply laws as they are written. If you want to change law, do your job and get it passed
Yes, "Justice for ALL" should be @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats party slogan. Enough with 2-tiered white collar legal system.
Should have? So you admit some of the activist judges are working to undermine the Trump administration? Glad you are honest.
Just now figuring that out? Better late than never. #RobotBuzzwords
Too bad it's partisan.  Example Supreme Court should not be party affiliated but it is
Like prosecuting people who LIE to get a job??
Are you off your med again? Is that why you keep repeating yourself?
Potus however feels that judges should show total loyalty by doing his bidding. If not,he mocks, bully's, insults or calls them fake.
You guys just have a problem when someone actually calls you out and says it the way it is go to your safe space now
Yes, otherwise they should not be judged!
Correct, as long as you don't believe equal justice under the law includes social justice - punishing sons for the mistakes of their fathers
Courts are not here to correct past social injustices, but apply the law equally to all as it is written by congress.
Lady Justice may be blindfolded but she can smell money. The scale will always lean towards the rich.
No shit
Don't let that Mateer guy through.
You mean equal justice as long as you agree with it.
So if they are left leaning then no problems, but if they are right leaning, then you all lose your minds? #9thCircuit
It's not who you know..but who you went to law school with 
That would be something new to you.
Stop with your hypocrisy .
equal justice? did you know n.y. is the 47th worst state for corruption.
so why do you yourself demand a litmus test to insure judges hold political beliefs that match your own? #Hypocrite much?
Isn't that obvious and therefore why are making the statement? Did someone say otherwise and if they did who is it.
equal justice under the law? send someone into no recording civil court pro se and come back and say that.
Not according to the new rules by the Trump crooks. The rich shall be favored over the poor. Anybody don't like it can get hell outta here.
Except the liberal ones don't.
And they do. Hypocrite
You mean shouldn't use irs as political hitmen, did bundys get equal justice?
Hello Elizabeth I think you're pretty awesome Madame and I tell you what I thought about running for president
Agreed!  We must get rid of liberal activist judges!
That almost NEVER happens for POC.
not when they are controlled by their respective PARTY affiliation. The constitution means nothing. Trump is a FASCIST DICTATOR. Same as UN!
Same as Obummer, no wait - he is a Muslim brotherhood member!
But they Don't, ALL The TIME
How come you only state this now? When the judges were on your side, you sang their praises. You can't have it both ways!
Like the 9th circuit?
Or follow the constitution...

This man thinks trans people are part of ‘Satan’s plan.’ 

Donald Trump just nominated him to be a federal judge. 
You've done nothing for this country except cater to Illigal criminals
For votes! NEVER LOSER WARREN!
Key term should, just like governments are supposed to work for the majority. Greatest good for the greatest # sadly it's never been d case
No, actually it's to faithfully apply the law as it's created by the legislature.
They should think up a cool logo too.. Like,, this big breasted chick in2 sensory deprivation holding up a scale of some sort.. #ImSoBlind
There's no equality with the GOP/Trump. FFS! White supremacy is running rampant in the USA and the Dems are flaccid. Big money for you too?
Equal justice and unity Dem&Rep to #MAGA Borderless Elite for cheap labor lost its way to serve working Amer Only balagan a/b name calling
But they don't they go by their feelings not the law, which is bad
Just like Dems and Reps should do their jobs for all!! Lets get things done shall we. Healthcare, Tax reform. the Wall...... waitiing
Except those from the 9th circuit, Whereby if its not SJW accepted everyone else can go to hell ain't that fauxcahontas 
Got any substance to that claim?
ONLY REASON We havemorethan1Women Senator?CLARENCE Thomas!(AnitaHill) Thanx Clarence but we Need 80% 4Taxation withOUT Representation
Sing SING SING Sister Warren AMEN 
You'd think that would be a pre-requisite or some kind of an oath....Oh wait a minute......
Honoring the Constitution would be their 1st responsibility. Read a American Civics book.
No, it would be delivering Justice. That is the role of the Courts since time immemorial.
Really? So you are against activist Leftist judges now? You ARE full of surprises.
That's rich coming from you Liz... #Draintheswamp  #MAGA
I'm a liberal and I believe in justice.
And the reason they don't is because they have to run for election in certain courts

So, then you have a judiciary that is beholden to the people who can oust them. An independent judiciary is key.
WELL SENATOR U SHOULD PREACH THIS TO THE TREASONOUS JUDGES THAT HAVE BEEN APPOINTED BY REPUBLICANS IN SCOTUS THAT ARE NOTHING BUT POLITICAL!
Tell that to people supporting sanctuary cities!!
They do! Oh, sorry, that's here in Canada where they are non-political. Never mind. I forgot where I was for a moment.
Upholding the Constitution has always been the number one application to the law.
Lady justice face uncovered.  Money tips her scales
Too bad your liberal judges don't follow the law.
Are you a lawyer?
"Should" being the operative word.
Explain your support and exploitation of affirmative action then?
Constitutional Amendent request:  Corporations are not people, should not be treated under law as such.
That and interpret the law.

Yes they should. Just be aware that that might not mean what you think it means.
you're so right...that should be their only mission



I am Native American liar
Commas are important. Just sayin'.
SHOULD have. Too often they do not.
Quite obvious to me. But they don't

Hello Einstein, the Equal Protection Clause is part of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
