The @WellsFargo board just clawed back another $75M from 2 execs, including fmr CEO Stumpf.
.@WellsFargo’s clawback is a good step, but an internal investigation is no substitute for a thorough gov investigation into the scam.
The @SEC_News & @TheJusticeDept should use all the tools they have to hold Stumpf & @WellsFargo execs accountable under the law.
OIG found I was retaliated against as a Whistleblower 10 months ago. No one has been held accountable. I need your help, please.
I have had some issues with them before. I am no longer doing business with them
Senator Warren you should also look into their foreclosure schemes! Telling homeowners to "ignore" legal notices while they "work" with them
I think there are others
Stay Focused!  #TrumpRussia

Demand Independent Investigation

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

This is not normal! #StayFocused
I am the artist Michael D'Antuono. That is my painting, titled, "The Elephant In The Room"
How about an investigation into your actual lineages?  Your speaking fees? Your Harvard job.  You shouldn't throw stones there liz
Lol. Years too late. Cannot believe u think people are this stupid!!
And they still got bonuses - great example @SenWarren
Bring to light the shady Susan Rice scandal!
What about bringing to light fake Native Americans?
They should look into your past as well. Hmmm Pocahontas?
Thanks
How come you pay women less salary than men in you staff?
No shit! 
Throw the book at them
Senator Warren they need to do more Wells Fargo has been charging OD fees, holding checks, etc WF so corrupt I used to work 4 em
Wells Fargo banks in Nevada and California are so corrupt I don't know about other states they have no ethics unless you're wealthy
Please help my clients, former employees of Wells Fargo with their cause.
Is this an @SenWarren tweet that has nothing to do with the president!?!  I think a pig just flew by my window.
When is the Senate going to launch an Internal Investigation on themselves?
Wells Fargo has been screwing the American Public for years!
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity  @oreillyfactor @JudgeJeanine    Poor Lizzy, she is still needy for attention. Obscurity is all she will gain.
What about the employees who refused to go along with it, lost their jobs and have been blackballed from banking jobs?
WE NEED TO SEE TRUMP-KUSHNER TAXES!!! Country paying bigtime for this minority-elected President and his nepotism.
As Wells Fargo they should!!have a great one Liz!dora
Nothing was done when they stole our Homes! What's different?????
Wasn't Wells Fargo in the Clinton Foundation? Hmmmmmmm
And now they have to pay back 75mil but what about those people who lost their jobs?
You are asking about the people who committed the Frauds Wells Fargo asked them to do!?
IG audit has identified more than $500 billion in "errors" in the notes and financial statements for HUD in the Obama admin. Haha
What happens when you contact CFPB and they are clueless about what it's supposed to do? Called 5 times & are very challenged
This is my own issue, not with Wells
Still the Bank should be Clawing Back more!
Investagating yourself, is that what #NunesCoverup & WH are doing?  #russiagate
Corporate entities, legally treated as a person, have no conscious feeling moraly profits at any cost ##GoPISStealing
Wish they would check into there mortgage practices. I have taken by them!
What happened, Winnie? Without sharing account numbers, please DM me with more details. I'd like to try to help. ^CC
You know exactly what is happening, if not, just Google Complaints & Lawsuits against Wells Fargo, Hate Wells Fargo, CFPB files against WF.
don't follow what you preach that is called a LIE in case you didn't know what that was
for you make 20,000 more then the women do what is that called? Oh I  know liar since you preach about women should get paid more and you
You know this Trump Russia is old I mean old but let's talk about oh say how you demand women to get equal pay as men,but the men that work
Don't forget role of @nytimes @jenniferkingson team in uncovering problems at @WellsFargo
We need to keep the @cfpb healthy!
Stay the course Senator Warren
Bravo @SenWarren thank you for your leadership. You are a true role model/hero. Now on to #ImpeachTrump NOW!!
This is shameful. People bankrupt all over the country & the rich continue to get richer. Keep up the good fight,Sen. Warren. We're behind u
The people who scammed are the people on the board. Get real Elizabeth
The @latimes broke the case! The @CFPB didn't break anything to light! You are misleading people!
Breaking News Warren ~The Country is Focused on #FakePresident and Russia Collusion AKA Treason, more important
Maybe you can help give equal pay to your female employees now. Such a liar
Need to investigate Democrats
CFPB is a waste of taxpayer money!!! It's also unconstitutional!! You should be asking why the Banking Regulators were asleep just like 2008

Stick to this, because you don't know jack about foreign policy.
Stumpf should face RICO charges...he led a group of people in an organized scheme of fraud & identity theft
Investigate Billions stolen of taxpayers money given to Iran by @BarackObama
Let's talk about you paying female staffers less than male staffers.
They do seem to be taking responsibility. I think the way they are handling the situation has been better than expected. What you want
Are you sure #trump doesn't have his claws in this one!  He is a #MoneyHungry buffoon.
So cute Elizabeth. Nobody went to jail after the 2008 crash, nobody will this time.
Which is why WF continues to break laws, destroy people, families, communities, take homes unlawfully from people who cannot fight back
So does this mean I get money back since I do have an account with Wells Fargo?
please fight to keep the CFPB senator, do not let the current administration dismantle what protects us
By its own internal bank officials? Gee that sounds reminiscent of a recent situation!?!?
Not enough. We won't settle anymore. Single payer is no longer an option: it is our right. @DNC @TheDemocrats
Are a fake Indian. You appear to fit FAKE.
Srumpft the CEO never put the $219 Million back
Boycott and withdraw all money's ASAP
Geez i do not hear anything about the Russian scandal anymore. Are you running out of fake stories?
U think this is fake?
She has abandoned the Russian story.  Like all the Dems have. Funny the media dropped it like a dead fish. Thats real
EXCLUSIVE! read here!! I found a twitter acct that called out trump and Putin in 7/16  http://www.thebword.co.uk/blog/lets-make-a-deal-pt2 …
@WellsFargo is a good bank. You should acknowledge them making things right. And get back to work focusing on the traitor in the WH.
Sorry Ginger WF is a Bank of Criminals. They continue to lie and cheat and take innocent people's homes. If you support that bank there.
you were a BIG part of fake news and still are! retire Pocahontas or what ever they call you these days
and how exactly does that exonerate what Wells Fargo has done? ANSWER.
Whatever happened to corporate death penalties? I's crystal-clear that this should be applied to Wells Fargo For real.
then why not champion congressional oversight of that accomplishment??? #Transparency
Its about time. ..
Big Corporation boards are useless.
Matthew 3:8
Therefore bear fruits worthy of repentance,
