Crap like this is why Trump will win a second term.
Did you take a break from twitter that day and miss the scalise support? Yikes
Out of curiosity, what wouldn't be "lip service"?
#McCain like Carter will get latest pd1 cancer treatments unavailable in govt healthcare to the common people ..too expensive.
Hypocrites.
Carter is a hypocrite? Exactly which side of the health care debate do you think he's on?
democrats are hypocrites because they sell the country socialist healthcare with lies, and themselves in congress get first class care.
That's not what the majority of healthcare workers think, myself as a nurse included.
I'm afraid conservatives no longer listen to or respect experts in any field. Their inability to get past propaganda is frightening.
Very true, we keep trying to reach conservatives using science, statistics, and even historical facts, and they are dismissed.
They don't understand the difference between factual news reporting and OpEds either. I'm a teacher and I'm old and I despair. 
How much tax payer money went to you and John's trek? What value did it bring? No one over there cares about you.
How much taxpayer funding goes to Donny's golf days...all 40 of them?
Well look at the bright side he saves on greens fees.
Trust you? That would be a NO from me.
What possible reason could Warren and McCain have in service to the American people Afghanistan?
Your geopolitical knowledge is really that poor? Don't tell me: you voted for Trump.
Oh my Pakistan sounds like colluding to me.
Did you ask for a POW WOW.
Don't say "trust me" - it's what DJT says -- and we don't!
I do
Now now Janell, Charles is entitled to his opinion.  Regardless of how wrong it is
OMG, you "trust" him? Usually when people are trustworthy, they don't have to say "trust me"
He is our elected President.  So being a good citizen, yes I trust him up until such time as he proves he doesn't deserve it.
Why does he keep telling you to trust him?
Born and raised in New York.  It's the way they talk.  Just like in the deep south you hear Y'all.
Even when pretending to be nice, you are STILL fake news! Brain cancer is not "Fighting Shape" you wench!
John is very lucky he didn't die on that trip!! Wishing him the best on his treatment journey and recovery!!!
John was okay until Trump was "elected". Seems it's not TV that rots your brain, it's Donald Trump. Get well soon.
That's so true Michael  I respect John.. He truly is a Hero and a fighter for Everyone not just the R but for what's right
Why were you grandstanding in a war zone.  Have you any special expertise that will help us win? Sen. McCain is a veteran.
Stand him alongside Trump every day all day
that plane looks freakin awesome!!!
On this post that embodies bipartisanship, we're seeing the ugliness that our political system has become. We have to be better. #RiseUp
Conspiracy theorists should be deposited on a desert island.
@SenJohnMcCain is fine. Don't believe this crap. RNC #FakeNews
@RoosterWrangler @SenJohnMcCain #McCainStrong !!!
The man must retire.
You can't have another Kennedy situation.
The country is greater than the individual.
McCain was frankly confused.
.@SenWarren I don't think you were trekking in those shoes
You're a woman who only takes a single pair of shoes who travelling? Man, I need to rethink my packing notions.
*WHEN travelling. Sigh.
That's not trekking you pretentious twit... escorted, driven and flown? I've seen ur kind in the 'Stan and IZ... fake!
I hope he gets into the glioblastoma study at Duke! We ALL need him in DC.
Should have threw both of you out..
John's an infamous collaborator, according to the men who were POWs alongside him.
Link please?
Certainly dear. Also, do try to form complete sentences. It is possible within the character limit. I just formed 4.
How adorable that you'd choose to post a source that has little credibility. What next? Alex Jones?
This is why I love her and #JohnMcCain; they disagree on policies but share mutual respect and admiration. THIS is what our country needs
contrary to your belief, they DO agree on policies.
I believe that. As a moderate, I feel like I agree with most of what they have done. I am trying to learn more, of course.
And definitely want to learn more about the intricate inner-workings in Congress. So much to research, so little time.
God bless john mccain for always attempting the impossible. You included.

Because he's a liberal.
He is very sick & it is sad that it was evidebt on national tv & not one of his colleagues (R's & D's) addresswd it. Restore humanity.
"Trekking" in a pants suit and heeled boots. Boy are you out of touch, lady.
I'll start rooting for him when he stops trying to kill the disabled, the poor, the ppl with preexisting conditions (like brain cancer...)
McCaian can go 2 Afghanistan with a tumor in his brain but trump won't go 2 England because there might be protest
Sure...politicians like y'all "trekking"...was Brian Williams with y'all too??
Warren, don't be such hypocrite !!!
Get well soon! Sen McCain!
Hmmm. Another picture of you acting like you're doing something for America.(Liz) bet you did a lot if trekking in that outfit. Another lie.
Sorry, I just don't trust you.
Absolutely he wants Obamacare to work just as much as you do.
chitrabithiartschool@gmail.com
This is insane
GOD DONT HEAR ALL PRAYERS, BUT THE PRAYERS OF HIS PEOPLE.  U ALL ACT RELIGIOUS W/O KNOWING THE GOD OF PRAYER.  U GOT THE WRONG #
Y DONT U ALL TREAT THE NEEDS OF AMERICA W/A LITTLE PRAYER, THE WAY SOME OF U ACT, I WOULD HATE TO DEPEND  ON UR PRAYERS
Just a lame attempt to get some foreign policy experience. A disgraceful waste of taxpayer's money...again....
What will Lindsey get now? White Phosphorus= Bulgaria
Trekking you say. That is so funny. You were traveling in luxury on our dime. Such a phony.
Nice forearms Liawatha.  You get those nasty guns from fighting?
For once you can say and do something nice for a Republican.
I will never trust you fake Indian.
Good thing he's got health insurance
Yawn.
i hope he gets out. what the fuck is doing with your radical ass?? jesus!!!! you're fucking crazy as shit !
Rooting for what?  His seat to be taken over by somebody like you?  You're a real piece of work Lizzie.
Better start thanking God and helping President Trump. God is not pleased with the fighting against him.
America needs you, Sen. McCain.
me too
Is this another one of these let's all be buddies things. I really don't think you shits care one damn bit about a single Republican.
Thank you @SenWarren for showing the American people that we can forego party lines and rally around each other. We need this right now.
Hope he dies the traitor got many American airmen shot down! By giving strategic classified information to the enemy!
OMG.....you'll use anything to promote yourself, despicable! Just send good wishes...PERIOD!
Sometimes people should think before spewing bile.
OMG.....you'll use anything to promote yourself, despicable! Just send good wishes...PERIOD!
Speaking with your followers there?
Huzzah @SenWarren love to his family!  I love you U R a babe!  Longtime former GOP'er had to go with my heart and what wud Buddha do?
John is calling more wars over resources and protecting US business interests. It's about time he feels the same pain the veterans are.
It's hard to feel sympathy for someone who is sending America's youth to die in needless and illegal wars of aggression.
Why would you two be out of the country when there is so much to be done here? This is why you guys are losing. Bad priorities.
I wish him health. I also wish he had wished health for the poor American families instead of trying to take insurance away from them.
A true gentleman.
Right, I'm sure you were trekking the terrain just like your buddy @HillaryClinton was dodging sniper bulletts.
See, this is how senate colleagues behave even when they disagree. Trump, wake up and smell the coffee. Respect is given and expected.
Get well soon @SenJohnMcCain good wishes for your quick recovery.
True hero
E-Dub, great seeing you on that type plane and not luxury, it shows you are in fighting shape also towards 2020. Yes, prayers for Mr McCain.
Another important reason to protect our healthcare!!!!!
That's a great picture!
I wish there were more like him.
Best of luck and positive energy being sent to Mr. McCain. I haven't always agreed with him, but he is one of the few statespeople left.
I'm sorry for you and your friend Senator.  Is disappointing but surmountable news.  We have faith.
wishing @SenJohnMcCain the best as he faces this daunting battle with brain cancer.
looks like a pow wow 
As long as he is tooting your horn you love him.

When he ran for president he was no good and evil
Yes, he initiated that, correct? That was a good example for all of us.
There you go, use a tragedy to achieve some kind of self aggrandizement. #Pocahontas
Why are you rooting for him? He's on the wrong side of everything. The man is pro-evil.
#yougotthis 
Pakistan? Not Boston? Get rid of the Martian...
God bless John McCain. A great patriot.
y'all didn't trek and I'm not rooting for him and bipartisanship won't get you any credit for when you decide to run in 2020
All lies to cover up for the real hacks who were in DC (Obama & his gangsters) & the DNC. #DrainTheSwamp.
This! This you use to showcase your photo op!?!? My God! How low can you stoop? Insert yourself elsewhere please.
Government single payer healthcare, you all get less of everything.
Socialism in pure form.

Never allow govt to decide if you live or die.
How much in kickbacks and bribes do you think those 3 have taken in their collective "careers?"
Warren u will prove 2b worse Terrorist than J McCain or Hillary if you go on praising this Evil J McCain. Remember what Wesley Clarke said
We are suppose to believe this Russian Hack/Conspiracy Theory..with all the leaks there is 0 evidence.
My prayers are for you  @SenJohnMcCain
What in Hell, would two Senators, from MA and AZ, find interesting in Afghanistan, - i.e., outside of selling weapons and drugs?
So you're the one who infected him with your potion.
Figures.
this is a foe unlike he's faced b4, i have 1st hand knowledge of this deadly killer disease. he has time to get his priorities in order.
Your both a couple of nit wits
You're.
woah those are some dusty shoes!
I truly hope he gets better. I wish he felt the same about us.
I can't "root" for a guy that's trying to take away my healthcare.
I truly hope he gets better too and comes to his senses.
Way to capitalize on the political moment. I can't wait until you become our first native American President.
Yeah but he was just about to vote to take healthcare away from millions of ppl...
He was calling for a fresh bipartisan start actually
Has he NOT been counted as a YES vote for Trumpcare all along AND for McConnel's repeal Obamare w no replacement upcoming vote next week???
Not according to this article that came out yesterday.
I dont have a subscription. What is ur point. Because we all know who the "no's" were that sank Trumpcare AND MCCAIN WAS NEVER COUNTED AS NO
I don't either, you can open it in an incognito browser though for future reference.
Could you recommend a good medicine man?
Even though I've many times disagreed with his views, I have always held respect for @SenJohnMcCain and wish him a speedy return to us all.
wasting taxpayer dollars, escaping ur epic failure #Obamacare-what's in ur wallet now? Ur toast Fauxcahontas
I think some of Trump's supporters got blinded by hatred & stumbled onto the wrong twitter feed. (No1 cares for it here.)
From what you just said you are no better. We are all to get along but we can share our opinions.
SENATOR BECAUSE YOU ALL HAVE FAITH !THIS IS NO COINCIDENCE! GOD IS GOING TO PROVE TO US WITH THIS! I KNOW YOUR FAITH IS STRONG! WAIT AND SEE
Kick that cancer's ass McCain! If there's a man who can beat this, it's gonna be him!  #FuckCancer
Lance Armstrong had brain cancer surgery and went on to win 7 tour de france cycling races.
Sending his family prayers of comfort & peace. Keep praying God can do all things. He's a fighter this much we know. @SenJohnMcCain
God can do all things if you are living your life for Him and being obedient otherwise He will not hear.
Our hearts and prayers are with him... But seriously retire after this... God bless you all
With his excellent taxpayer funded medical coverage, he has a better chance than most of us. At the very least his family won't be 1/
bankrupted by his treatment.
I imagine that same privilege is what allows you to be benevolent, to be "better". Not me. I wish financial 2/
ruin on his entire family because of this. Let THEM make hard choices between treating an old man at the end of his life, or security. 3/
*All* of you should be in that position.  Maybe then you'd take healthcare seriously.  As it is, you're all a bunch of hypocrites.
@SenJohnMcCain is fine. Don't believe this crap. RNC #FakeNews
Unfortunately John's in bad shape.  Hopefully all will work out OK for him.
Indeed,  rooting for him too.  Also..... can you please get ready for a 2020 run for POTUS? I'll work hard in Oregon for you.
Thanks for sharing...great picture!!
Go @SenJohnMcCain !! We R rooting for u thank u for all ur work fighting for the people & for our rights. Keep it up! 
He's our truth hero wishing him and his family the best god bless
First non hysterical tweet of yours I've ever read.
Fighter! Another fight to win.  I am a wife of a cancer survivor.
(I am also a wife of a cancer survivor.)
In case no one has told you lately, you are a blessing to this country! Thank you for all you do!
Only to the Liberals not to American citizens that believe in our free country.
You are a lovely lady and that's very thoughtful. We must unite in good feelings for him and his family regardless of our politics
Where is the lovely lady for senator Seclise?
Probably in front of a camera having a ranting tantrum about something of which she knows nothing.
Ya and imagine that D's&R's working together thats the way it should be ;)
Although I don't agree with his politics, his devotion to his country, self-sacrifice and warrior spirit is without question. Get well soon
Sarah Palin
Art.
Oh look, 3 Democrats!
Was he looking for more indigenous land to give away?
He is a fighter so are you two of the best senators in the country
He's in Arizona eating grilled burgers and relaxing by the pool. RNC spreading #FakeNews to distract.
Is trekking a native American word? Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless cow
What's wrong with you?
This is a great picture and gives me hope.
For goodness sakes you Witch!
You are so cool Mrs. Warren.
