Why did you claim to be Indian American to get benefits and special treatment when you're not? Answer that one Pocahontas
everyone keeps using that 1 thing. List for Trump, endless.
it's a pretty big thing if you look at how she benefited from it. She's very wealthy because of it.
If you look at what Trump has done for a buck she doesn't look so bad.
He's been a successful man. Unlike Warren whose only income has come from taxpayers.
We know that his money came from scams and not paying people who worked for him.
that's how it works in the real world, you don't get paid until the job is done right.
Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. You are doing a great job fighting for "We the People" against the wealthy, greedy corporations.
Nice that some Senators show up. Cory Gardner in Colorado won't face his own people. Like the phone ... they can control.
please support #H.R.676Expanded Improved MedicareForAllAct, we can save the ACA!! If thousands act, we can't be ignored!
. I think Donald Trump is jealous of the fact that pres
. Obama was a successful president, and he worries he won't be so loved.
Obama successful? Maybe at scamming the American public and wasting 8 yrs doing nothing for this country! Great job!
If Trump achieves 20% of what Obama achieved, I am sure some people will call it success.. So far not a single legislative achievement! Wow!
tell me. 1 thing that he did to help the economy, keep jobs he n this country, bring the country together! ZILCH!
aww what a powder puff! Awwww
get the republicans to answer ACA. Keep pushing. This injustice needs ad much light as you can bring to bear. #GOPDeathPanels
Oh yes let's bring light to her totem pole!
How clever. I'm not that impressed. It's always sad when you have to be a bigot to sell a punchline.
Warren and the Dems need 2 get on board w/GOP Dude! No is just 2 easy all the time. Need a few yes's! No bigotry!
thank you for all you do!
Thank you for showing every 1 how stupid U are and giving the GOP the votes in the senate in 2018! Hurray! Keep it up!
hahahahahahahahaha. We'll see!  Elizabeth Warren you rock!
Please answer this... Will you filibuster 45's SC pick?
No, because they will just change the rules being able to bust fillibuster. Letting Trump win in Nov got us to this.
Yes but if they do that, they will hate it when Dems are in control. Twitler wants them to do that McConnell not happy
Are you tired of being hated....Oh the American public will be requesting your Tax Returns.........karma .coming watch you Heart girl.  Haha
ahh but you didn't answer the most important question....why did you lie for years about being an Indian ???  #DumpWarren
I would like to know where the items in Ivanka Trump's fashion line are manufactured.
.  I like the sound.  President Warren
The left way!
Please defend our democracy.  We need you to protect the country from this clear and present danger
answer this question..when will u pay back $$ u STOLE for Harvard education AND job by LYING about Cherokee heritage?
#ShePersisted second instance of @SenWarren larger crowd at office hours than @realdonaldtrump inauguration. #SAD #Failure #Tiny
yes, but will you answer them truthfully?
maybe you could give @marcorubio @SenRubioPress lessons in how to meet & speak w/ voters? He keeps losing offices by refusing.
my only question is, why are you in politics since you have no idea what you're doing?
Please run for President. Please!
resign now and leave politics forever. You're so very useless. Your district wants you to step down now. #hillaryslapdog
@HerreraBeutler Glad to answer as many questions as possible during our office hours this morning. Not said by JaimeHB was ElizabethWarren!!
I have one question, did you or did you not check the minority box on your Harvard application....???
at least some of our representatives will talk and meet with their constituents. 
Shame the majority of them are avoiding this.
How many questions was that really?
Thank you for under what it means to be a representative.
WOW NOT AFRAID LIKE THE GOP
ok WHY DID YOU LIE ABOUT BEING AN INDIAN  answer that lizzy
with a crowd of 17
Dear @SenWarren I'm from Springfield but my issue is with Boston. What are you going to do about getting school busses in poor areas?
the drop out rate is enormous already. These kids dont have money for bus passes and it takes at least 30 min to walk to school.
how many more kids do you think would go to school if they had a safe and reliable way to get there?
Native-Americans should be subsidized to build soar/wind farms on their land to help eliminate dependence on oil/pipelines
Bla bla bla
why is Organized Labor absent from DNC priorities?Trying to get union Bros and Sisses to support Dems, but getting no help from u
I'll treat you like most Democrats don't ask questions and you won't get any lies
Tump has lost respect world wide. He is the butt of jokes world wide. Some how we have to remove him.
When will you resign ? And take up hiking?
So instead of actually doing anything your just bullshitting during work hours? I guess I approve...atleast you aren't doing dmg.
#ShePersisted  #thisiswhatdemocracylookslike
Thanks for all that you do, Senator!
wait, what??? You were actually there &not answering pre-screened questions via phone? @SenRonJohnson how is this possible?
This proud #liberal thinks you're awesome. Keep doing what you're doing! #Democrat #DNC
did you get asked about your Native American ancestry you lying fraud?
why did you lie about being an Indian?? #pocahontas
Could let @robportman know that his constituents would like to talk to him? No one can get a hold of him. If you see him...
No SCOTUS pick! Block and defeat Trump.
Good luck with that one Sparky! Lol!!!
when will you join Hillary in the woods?
Not soon enough! Maybe N. Korea would be better! Sick both of them on a Nuke!
is that your Indian Reservation?
Imagine anyone in the GOP making themselves that available. NOT!
I have a question, exactly which Native American tribe did your ancestors belong to
Keep up the good work Elizabeth !!
Ask Warren, what is she the shell answer man! No colluding anywhere! Get your facts straight! Fake News person!
notice the republicans don't come to yell and disrupt your event.
Please come to Fall River. We vote too.
- Why did you lie about being an Indian? #FakeIndian #liar #MApoli #boston #democrats #liberals #trump #trumptrain #maga #tlot
Who gives crap, we're talking about #trump, the POTUS lying
Long Live Senator Warren!
Keep going Senator
Why aren't you open to conversation with people who don't agree with you?! And why don't you encourage women to work not march?
Women are smart enough to decide what they WANT to do. How do you even know what these women are doing? ESP?!
wish I was there
Let's start by a clear statement on your Native American ancestry. Is it fake news or simply a lie?
Thanks for your visit to Western Mass! I was working and supporting my family so I couldn't attend but thank u 4 all u do
Did anybody ask if you are really a Native American?
Most tribes require a specific percentage of Native “blood,” called blood quantum, in addition to being able
so he's obsessed with trying to bring Obama down to make himself look ok. Hence crowd size, wiretap lies etc
Jealousy for a President that Trump will NEVER BE.
Where are all the pink signs in pink vagina hats 
oh yeah that's right....
You're an inspiration. Thank you for your service.
Way to do it!  You are a great senator and work hard for us!!
so trump slanders, lies, emoluments violation, Russia, Nazi cabinet, nepotism, AND I see nothing being done
Right. Nothing done. How do we put a muzzle on her! Need to stop that screech going to the senate floor! Nerve rattling
Lock TRUMP up!!!! for accusing Obama of wire tapping...
Did your DNA results come up?
that's amazing!!! Who knew that publicly elected officials should listen and answer questions!!
Calm down. My crowds are much MUCH bigger. Biggest crowds EVER! Suck it, Warren.
Can't seem to get Jeff Denham to answer questions.
#Traitor Funneling $ to Illegal Aliens Over USA Citizens & Their Children, Seniors & Veterans. Defund Sanctuary Cities #LockHerUp
By invitation only,  Question were prescreened prior to the event.     Almost as rigged as HRC's open forums
you are a perfect example of why we need #termlimits
if you are a minister I feel bad for your congregation. She is a honest person. Many others need to go.Paul Ryan gone
Thank you.
Why are you a crook?
LuLu, why do you troll Elizabeth Warren? Comrade Trump is Vladimir Putins personal puppet and loves ignorant trolls.
everything  lulu said is true your retort is guessing
Pocahontas
is that all you've got?
I thought meeting constituents was bad??
thank you for all the hard work you do! You are a wonderful roll model for my daughter and other young women!
This is leadership
how about this one - how long will u claim to be an Indian? #pocahontas2017 #MAGA
Isn't it nice to not have to be afraid of your constituents? Republicans could take a page out you your playbook.
I'm guessing your GOP counterparts are hiding under their desks in lieu of @SpeakerRyan  's hideous #nocare bill.
Hahaha! Liberal humor!
Nope, fact !
Please tell me you will oppose Trump's SC nominee.
Do honest answers cost extra?
Obviously Trump must think so 'cause he seems unwilling to give any. @blevins1974 @SenWarren
will you hold any at night for those of us who go to class/work during the day? I'd love to come.
her constituents  don't work they take ,like her ,that's why it's during the day
