I’m speaking on the Sen floor now to urge my colleagues to vote NO on Steve Mnuchin's @USTreasury nomination. http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=1429 …
If Trump "drained the swamp" why do we feel like we're drowning?
liberal tears, we can't drink them fast enough but so delicious
fool! Soon it will be your tears when you realize how Drumpf has screwed all his supporters over!
Obama is only president not to hit GDP growth of at least 3%. lowest employment participation in 40yrs
if you think there is a difference between gop and dems you clearly have not paid attention
EXACTLY
WALL STREET  brings in millions to the economy unlike Democrat policy GO WALL STREET!!
Aren't you a college professor?  Need to learn to spell.
seriously, it doesn't matter. You won't win. Come back in early 2018 and win those congressional seats and governorships.
what firm did Tim Geithner work for before he was Obama's Treasury Secretary? Same as Mnuchin right? God you're shameless.
You’re right. I meant Lew (former COO Citigroup). Geithner only didn’t pay taxes. For Goldman you have to go back to Rubin.
“Turbotax” defense. The point is that there’s a revolving door to WSt. Warren’s concerns are selective.
you are part of the Swamp Trump needs to drain.  Trump won, Clinton lost.
and yet he will be confirmed b/c GOPs can't say no to Big Business (or to those who have bought them out.)
thank you for standing up for our country Senator. Give 'em hell!
Why would anyone GREEDY enough to foreclose on a 90+ yrs. old woman over pennies give a damn about Wall St.?
what's this evil "Wall Street" you speak of? My 401(k) is invested are you saying you don't want stocks to go up? #retirement
who gave the money out?
her fake tribe would vote her out... Give back the money you stole, curt Schilling is going to crush you
mean lock him up mnuchin? :-$ -Ma'am not sure how He will help U.S. with unleashof WallStret. ohNowTheyDontwannacallUSherrif?i do
you stood up for a person who is considered the queen of Wall St donations & dialing for speaking $$ from them but now what??
There is nothing in your record that confirms you are Native American! Pocahontas.
It's People Like U Sen That Makes America Great! I Am So Happy We Have U. 
this cabinet makes me sick.  Filling the swamp with Crocs.
LIz we are in MA and our polls show that 56% as of yesterday want you out of office 2018 BYE BYE
Ah yes,  that clearly explains where "our polls" come from.  #Neverthelessshepersisted
@elizabethforma FAUXCAHONTAS 
The AntiAmerica Democrap Party #ObamasLegacy
@127_heather @SenWarren @elizabethforma
Her name is Mouth full of Shit with fork in it
I don't expect much from Mass, but Im even shocked they could elect a fraud like u to the Senate.
make sure you remember to call him a racist. That's been working so well for you so far.
Do you hate everyone? What's your thoughts on sharia law? Or FGM? Women treatment in Middle East? You'd last 5 sec over there.
bigot
Just like there's nothing on YOUR record to suggest you'd lie about your family heritage to get ahead, right?
can we just call you "Pokey" for short?
Senator he is wall st. stealing 35M homes from people. thank u for standing up to sessions. please consider running 2020.
You had no problem supporting Hillary Clinton when she never stood up to Wall Street in-fact she took their money many times!
We won't mention that you campaigned for the queen of corruption: Hillary. Wall Street. Clinton Global initiative closed down
Trump is all about Wall Street.  He doesn't care about Main Street.
what a big mistake America made!
unfortunately your incessant complaining about wall st, and lack of early support for HC, helped get us to this point.
hope that is just sarcastic. Is so, good one 
this is a great lesson for @SenWarren winning TRUMPS her idealism.
no clue what that just meant...your previous tweet was the funny one...try to finish on a high
You campaigned for Clinton - how much Wall Street money did she take? Your stupidity is an embarrassment to Rutgers and Harvard.
same could be said of Clinton but you supported her.  Do you ever take a break from hypocrisy?
so waste two weeks in the limelight instead of doing something productive and grandstand instead of actually working.
wall street is the answer not the problem.
Luther, do you have any recollection of 2008 or was your head up your ass?
making $$$$ shorting the mkt! the idea that bankers control the casino is for suckers and peeps like you.
It is difficult if not impossible to stand up against yourself.
NO PROFF TO ANYTHING;
what about a run for 2020
So many of Trump's cabinet members come from WS. How can we expect him to stand up to it? One more rich guy in T's Toby's club!
Really nice you are trying Liz.  The rubber stamping just continues though.  :(
Tatanka
Sometimes a Politician is their own worst enemy. Their Fear? "Trimming at the Top" allows light below.
WE WILL "PERSIST " Senator you know we will be relentless in our pursuit of JUSTICE TIME TO START INVESTIGATIONS OF TRUMPNCO
Hilary lost the election.
WHAT THE FUCK ?? NO ONE TOLD ME THAT !! ...new Troll huh ? Yeah, you suck at it find a new Job. 

Hey, Elizabeth! You first! Let's schedule a pay per view. Imagine the ratings!
If she gave it to them they wouldn't be so violent 
A guy would have to be pretty desperate to want her.
It's not politics as usual. Somehow the GOP needs to admit the seriousness of this dissolution of Fed Gov. This is not 'Agenda'!
if we can't stop them w/votes well give them the rope to hang themselves.  Good always prevails over evil. Always.  Have faith.
THANK YOU, Senator Warren!!! Keep PERSISTING and RESISTING...so will WE!!!
really? give him a chance.
Ms Warren take your bullborn and join a rowing team where you can put it to use...
By stand up to wall street you mean defy capitalism.  Stand up to theft but stand for liberty.. Sadly you stand up to neither.
want is the key word.

you mean unlike @HillaryClinton who took money from Wall Street for her own personal gain?
Why didn't you mention Coretta Scott King's letter requesting the ban of foreigners?  Or Session's NAACP awards?  Fake news!

Thank you April!
give our president his cabinet, what a disgrace the DEms have become, you should be embarrassed
Wow a lot of pussy hat wearing, dressed up as walking twats commenting on how they kiss the ass of a known liar and thief. 
so glad I ditched and switched....dems r getting more and more pathetic as the days go by. Keep it up & you will b replaced n '18
don't cry, you supported the biggest Wall Street candidate ever.
Why you wear pants all the time?  That's not feminine!
ahh...bullcrap...
Wall Street generates capital and jobs.
just do us all a favor and just shut up

Perhaps, but what do you have to show for adhering to your Oath of Office, as it applies to the COTUS? Move to N Korea, please.
you're right. No more slugs in the swamp.
great news! Maybe I will get my Wall Street job back finally!
Dont take Trumps recent insult. File Ethics complaint
He is there to make sure Wall Street robs the working people. This is just another Trump scam.
lady... you should give up. Retire. Go to the spa. Shut it!
Clinton's either!
shut up pocahontas
is irrational & MUST be removed from the @SenateDems! #OANN #FOXNewsUS @FoxNews #fauxahontas #liarwatha @HouseGOP @KellyannePolls
Have you apologized to Senator Scott for the Lefts horrific racist emails & tweets to him yet? That's YOUR base after all.
I spent 10 years in the financial district the White House looks like a conference room on Wall Street
Since you supported Hillary, your arguments are wasted on those who really don't believe your native America heritage.
Tell us another story Fauxcahontas.
@Sen_JoeManchin WVa should follow suit.
we stand with you, we will not be silent.
#TheResistance #WomensMarch #Generalstrike17
Great compliment to you from a supporting citizen of germany. #trumpCheck
yet u supported Hillary 4 president and she couldn't even cut it as SOS. She LOST over 6 Billion Dollars,  the Bengazie
No comment on Chuckie "Bank Cheese" Schumer? We know you say nothing about our own filthy partys 1% ties. Not fooled Fake outrage
Never trusted him! There was always something about him I didn't trust or like.
Speaking as someone who used to work for him, keep fighting!!!
we know you lied about being Tonto, how do you have the nerve to give advise to anyone?
In fact, he's the worst of what Wall Street has to offer....
Keep up the  good  fight.  Trump is not draining  the swamp but having the pond scum rise to the top.
filling the swamp.
you stood up for corrupt Hillary Clinton, now sit down like the man told you to
you're just an attack dog for hilliary.  You're lost now that your master was fired by the people
One day you'll be known as "former_ravingCondescendingAngryAltRightPuppet" Hopefully soon.
Can we stop referring to the financial industry as Wall Street, please? They're all in midtown now. Wall is lovely.
@freedomloverjt Your voice is now silent and irrelevant. But we know you'll keep barking Warrenfoot.
You are not irrelevant Elizabeth. Keep fighting!!!  We are with you
I WISHED YOU GUYS CARED THIS MUCH ABOUT WHO MIGHT BE TRYING TO GET IN THIS COUNTRY TRYING TO KILL US AS CABINET MEMBERS #MAGA
so because an unbiased nominee won't support your agenda, you vote no? Wow...
speak  never let the nazi pigs silence you  Proud to call you my champion we will win never give up never give in
do what you can all American democrats are behind you together we will defeat the republicans
and as we can pretty much guess, that means we shouldn't hold our breath waiting for him to stand up to Wall St.
TAKE YOUR SEAT You Goofy Dingbat!
Thank you
are you really that ignorant? Lying? Have you fact checked your king ever? #TrumpLiesMatter
don't you have some housework to do?
What about your record supporting Hillary?  SOLD OUT
he couldn't stand up to Walmart!
& HillaryClinton would have stood up to Wallstreet - NOT!! You are such a hypocrite! I trust Steve Mnuchin more than her OR you!!
And yet, he will soon be voted in. Trump must go, and all his tainted corrupt picks and the GOP with him. #ShePersisted #resist
what a phony. Where would you be without Wall Street? Prob in a teepee in N. Dakota
@HEINSLERJAN Agree 100%
whatever Pocahontas
dont you, @SenatorSchumer & the rest of @TheDemocrats see a pattern here

JUST SHUT UP
evildoers will not see God!
Most people on Trump's administration come from WS and Goldman Sacks. Some team to look after working Americans!
you will fail just like you failed getting Hillary elected. THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU.... what a scam.
Trump is assembling a lynch mob not a cabinet.
Wow! He's a lot like you. You should put your full support behind him. Maybe then he'd lose.
But there's a whole LOT of his background that proves he's still in Goldman Sachs pay2play pockets 2keep Wall St as 1st priority.
Elizabeth Warren is anti American. Turned her back on the tax payers, works only 4 Foreigners and rich and powerful
orange hitler calls you pocahontas!?  go get his scalp!!!
@michellegallow2 get ready to revisit financial meltdown of 10 years ago-your Senate colleagues are running scared of POTU$ & WH
try to be nice. There must be a way for you to discourage this nomination without going all crazy.  Liberals need hormones
Trump admin thought they were supposed to find someone who'd stand up *for* Wall Street. Natural mistake, for them.
@darkcrazy89 Coming from the woman who voted to bail out the big banks especially BOA #Ismellaconflict
oh gee Lizzy you figured that out all by yourself or did your OVER PAID staff make it up for you??
@BetsyDeVos unqualified because she had no experience, but @stevenmnuchin1 isnt qualified b/c he has experience? #LiberalLogic
Thank you Senator Warren! Keep showing up, standing up and speaking up...
Hey Senator, No comment from you regarding Bernie supporting SAVAGE Terrorist Lopez? Victims matter too, not just the killers
How 
Ya, but when the toxicity of Devos and Sessions can get through, you lost a lot of us. Time to focus on policy issues. Feel sick.
Lizzie, Shame! U Were ALL 4 Wall Street, When U Were Campaigning 4 Billary, Go WS! <<<eyeroll>>> Just #SayN 
you mean like Hillary and Obama? Who got rich off the 4T that the fed spent?
you are correct. He will open the doors wider and our pensions would be in danger. Keep up the good work!
thank you for all the work you do for our country.
and you, being a friend of George's, would know that.
we should promoted you King's letter
@Teamsters You are "suggesting" that he won't.. but there is no reason to trust you either...
good God, do you like anybody. You have something nasty to say about everybody. You must be a really unhappy person!
we need someone who'll stand up to fake Native Americans!
You're just gonna get steamrolled again. #SheHasCysts
your our only only voice left
We're behind you.
there nuthing in ur record that u shud have a job-) ur great comedy tho-)
All he needs is a lot of money, that fulfills the requirement because Trump only understands his fellow wealthy
he doesn't want to stand up to them he's part of the RAT PACK
you supported the biggest queen of WS, Clinton... stop being Hypocrite!!
as I said before Warren you keep talking about shit you know nothing about. You must like hearing yourself talk.
Mass voters are going to stand and vote you out for no accomplishments. Your polls are so low, embarrasing.
you dems are a broken record. If you guys oppose EVERYONE, then no one will believe you when you oppose an actual bad candidate.
Wait, you're ANTI Wall Street now? You were FOR Hillary, right?  I can't keep up.
See SIGTARP  Report on NPV June 2012 - he seeks only to lie cheat and steal for his own enrichment
