.@SenMarkey & I wrote to 17 agencies about whether they’ll use Trump’s order to cut off funding for MA services.
We had a democratic election and the liberal democrats lost over 3000 counties and the Election. !
Good job Liz!
I'm all for New England making its own country. We've done it before...
you can't be serious to even be considering anything this lying Indian says stop
HOPEFULLY you & sidekick will have to ans to voters why you screwed them & MA Bcuz you're not smart enuf to cooperate.
I'm calling on Congress to have you both resign. I'm starting a petition. You are crazy and doing Obama's dirty work
clearly you dont understand what the issues are. Immigrants aren't the issue, ILLEGALS is the issue.
Muslims are another of his issues. He is banning due to  religion. So all Muslims are terrorists to him!?!
God forbid the day you have to figure out where to bury 3000 people.
I think he is awesome for finally protecting his people.  You on the other hand are nothing but a blow horn.
IF "17 agencies" refuse to follow order from POTUS, that's insubordination at best; cause for termination. GET IT?
the president was so great. The dems a disgrace as always. Like really can not clap for people who died
write 17 more clearly no one cares
Why didn't you send smoke signals.  Can't you show some respect for your Native American Heritage?  Whoop  Whoop .
The lawbis the Law. Mass is going to be defunded bc of U, HEALEY, WALSH & OTHER VOTED IN OFFICIALS. THANKS A LOT!
obey federal immigration law and your $ won't be at risk. Why do you think your above the law
why didn't you send smoke singles? Would have been more effective and faster.
been trying to get help from your office for my severely disabled child! Do have time fir her? #stillnohelp
I agree, WA state is likely in a similar position!  I want to stop paying federal and funnel into state!
they should be cut off! Quit looking out for non citizens and start working for your people the American people
you are a truly sick individual
how did you ever get a net worth of millions of dollars being a college professor and a senator
mayor Walsh &gov.Baker both support "sanctuary" for illegals. Losing funding was a price they said they would pay.
Everone else pays a price for not following the Law; you are different? Go to Town Hall and declare! @FoxNews @POTUS
is illegal immigrants, not local immigrants as you have described. Can you tell the difference between the two?
nah there's no difference to the far left. Anything to oppose the @POTUS
Lizzy You Are Indeed a Cartoon, You Look It Act It, and Hillary made a Fool Out Of YOU. Keep Quiet Fool AKA DAFFY
Warren, They should if they won't follow law! Your argument is simply stupid! No wonder you get censored for ethics!
If we stop harboring the illegal immigrants. We won't lose funding. Deport them like the should be. It's the law.
it is time for all silent voters to stop purchasing movies or going to the movies until the left stops violence /hate
Nothing like a strong letter to put fear in the heart of a bureaucrat.
ha yeah called taxachusetts for good reason.   Cut your budget dump illegals.
When you break the law that's what happens.
I hope he does.
Thank you both for making citizens of Mass proud!!
Lizzy you know what the great Margaret Thatcher said...socialism works GREAT until you run out of other peoples money
LET THE PPL VOTE, CUT MA.
federal funding is quite the addiction for you
If the Fed Gov. stops funding state services, can the residents of those states simply stop paying federal tax?
nope not how it works!!!
if MA refuses fed funds could DJT refuse to provide emergency disaster funds if ever needed?
yep
please fight harder for us..please
We have 296 towns; 55 cities; 5 of them sanctuary cities. We are not a sanctuary state. @MassAGO
Take Your Seat you GOOFY DINGBAT!
why withhold a corresponding amount of federal submissions from Fed withholding taxes of state and local employees?
Slick lizzy always conning the public
#persist !!
It's our money...he doesn't have the right.
lol see how that works for ya
healthcare $'s ???
WAKE UP, STOP FIGHTING FOR ILLEGALS AND CONCENTRATE ON AMERICANS NEEDS.
Thank you! @SenWarren @SenMarkey
even you can't be that stupid
Im so glad youre my senators. I dont like that my fed tax dollars are going to support the current fed agenda.
you mean just like the rest of us didn't like ours going to democrats agenda the last 8 years???
California is with You!
no it's because he enforced federal law!!!
everyone is going to have to take cuts even you Warren
duh.. he Is thee PRESIDENT

I'm curious, why not try and focus more on highlighting this administrations awful policies instead how it's all trumps fault.
if there are 3 Branches of government to ensure checks and balances, why is 45 getting by as a dictator? #PunkedByTrump
Just doing what O did.
encouraging agencies to Break the Law, not surprising coming from you Sen. Warren since you also encourage individuals
AKA Protecting Lawbreakers  @SenWarren @SenMarkey
They can't forget their duty or honor unless we let them. Education with integrity. Thanks  @SenWarren
Hope so
you and your cronies just voted yourselves a big raise on MA taxpayers back. Stop lining your pockets with taxpayer $$
little indian what don’t u understand sanctuary cities will not get federal funds. u can use your $400,000 salary
Services?!?!? you mean the ACCESS you were talking about..well, ACCESS = $$ ma'am. #BuildTheWall
I guess if you don't want to lose the money you'll follow the laws Ironically enough laws put in place by Bill Clinton
It's funny when your kind discovers the 10th Amendment. It's only temporary, you'll return to worshiping DC.
@FoxNews   I suggest you walk onto the Senate floor and raise your hands yelling don't cut off our funding we will follow the law
Fauxcahontas!  #FakeCheekBones
When intelligence fails resort to mam calling
love them 2 stop payments to sanctuary cities! #elections have consequences!
Then follow the Law
EVERYONE pays more in than we get back, so that socialist Senator Sanders can own three homes. Duh.
I hope he cuts every last dollar to you
well. Then stop paying federal all together or reduce payments to federal?
