How is health care related to more government handouts to rich people?
Tax breaks to execs making over $500,000/yr is included in the bill.
Just curious, I'm not trolling. What kind of tax breaks? A reduction of new taxes imposed when Obamacare was proposed?
I believe it is a rollback of taxes that were part of ACA, yes.
Ok, Thank you, Reducing a new tax imposed is not a Govt handout. Part of miss information problem.
Well, one could ask if the many tax shelters they already receive are justified. Wages have stagnated while corp profits soar.
Which tax shelters? Taxes on Corp Profits are 25%+  profits paid out in divs to everyones ira and 401Ks
I Too much to respond to, but most of us wage earners have few if any ways to protect income like corps do.
yet the poor are too lazy and won't give up their i phones and they're the ones mooching
Why not a single-player national system?  Eliminate insurance companies & see how much REAL health care costs.
Great idea. Unworkable until we get Dem majorities in House AND Senate plus retake the White House. So start there.
@SenCoryGardner...Yep.  Told Gardner to brush up his resume'.  He's going to need it come 2018
but the rich look so sad when we continue to live
you know we don't deserve it
you get what you pay for. You don't deserve a penny of my money. Do you think federal money just appears?
Agree! I work my ass off for every dime. Why am I also supposed to work for those who WON'T
You aren't seeing that many poor people DO WORK, often multiple jobs.
Senator W thinks pp, who already pay 38% taxes, should pay more.
Warren is a fraud and won't prove her ancestory.
perhaps we should have people wear stars that reflect their true ancestry?
and maybe one shouldn't claim to be something they are not.
perhaps they shouldn't
@RobinJOJO who?who?
@ANightMessenger You mean like law professors who teach one class/year for $400k?
... this is the results: ur country is being controlled by lobbyists millionaires billionaires greed, they have sold their soul!
Actually Senator Warren. We think Capitalism sucks and all you 1%'ers should be jailed.
the GOP. Greed over People.
1% of the country
I am not even privileged to have either #supposedtobemiddleclass
Liz you have never served the interests of the American people!
@DeanLeh #AgentOrange & the #GOP?  Here's 1,4 you. Which Senator does America want in the #WhiteHouse? #2020 (look in the mirror)
the problem is faux progressives like this sellout senator
think the central problem as you know is that rich people have too many govt handouta
You know, it's only a "handout" if you hand something out. You don't give anything back by stealing less from me..
you mean like making $400,000 to teach one class and living in a $5,000,000 house?
you have the potential to be one of the most influential people in America. We need to hear more from you.
The Republican Congress and the White House?
you are AWESOME. Keep up the good work!! 
What would you know about "middle-class Americans"? You're a multimillionaire who lives in a mansion. Name 1 "middle class" person you know.
the one percenters, who else?
who does your twitter comments,  surely you are smarter,  do you take time to read these comments and questions?
Apparently, Republicans under the guise of being for America
@Tjbelljr Central problem is people like you.
we need led government period and for you to step down
get a clue and work harder. Trump did and look where it got him.
Or how about career politicians who get free health care and full retirements for life. Lets talk about that Ms. Warren!
.@DarrellHutter @SenWarren Seriously? You point out bullshit? Sen. Warren is in her FIRST TERM You call her a career politician I call BS!!!
@POTUS DarrellHutter @SenWarren so?  She blatantly lied about being a N. American to get another position.  You approve?
What is a "N"?
in other words Redskins
Looking at the tweets from @BabbittTom, guy's got some major anger issues
Anger bot?
Does anyone here even know the top tax bracket rate that you constantly whine about? Fools.
we're not talking top tax rate. I'm in that myself. We're talking income
still can't tell me can you?
almost 40 percent before deductions.
we are now seeing what trump is really all about. #PUTRUMP
Sould we not demand to know what the rational behind the budget is? Thanks for all your work.
r#lindasweeney mclean#we are the view of the world! We must do better than this this! Middle America needs betr. Than this!!
how about the government get out of our lives totally. The govt was not set up to run our lives.
Obamacare is a failure.  You need to take credit for your failure
@YaYaYasmine_SF Since u fit in that last category why don't u donate some of your govt earned tax money to help them Liz?
Thank you, Senator.  Will we see more sanity from Congress?  Or has the Majority overwhelmed the rest?
@LochnerWalter That would be Republicans, all of them.
ABSOLUTELY NO he's making the richer on the back of children & old people not only that he's a compulsive lier stop him PLEASE!!!
nope
Anything about govt handouts is ironic coming from you. You'd bankrupt the country and ruin our economy and expect a thank you.
Right now, w/ #ACA , I'm healthy. Under #wealthcare , my situation would be dicey. The truly rich should be taxed w/few loopholes/deducts.
@lafloran Ok We all have to car insurance right? Why shouldn't we all have healthcare? Should be for public safety!
NO!!!
you are a rich person who wants to help others WITH OTHER'S $!!! use ur own first, before you get on ur high horse. Lock n load!
middle class families EARN their wealth. Political hacks like you steal from us & redistribute to lazy low class schmucks!
Regretfully, the ill informed and the misinformed!!! 
Nope, I am pretty sure you and your ilk are the central problem in the USA.  Obstruction does not equal opposition. #fauxahontas
lol....many upper Escalon unfortunately
Sociopathic rich people and of course "supporters" who're working class and totally unaware that this is what they signed up for.
the central problem is too much centralized government.
huh? You are losing it
PROBLEM IS YOU LIBS PUT 20 MILLION MORE ON WELFARE TAXPAYERS PREMIUMS SO HIGH MANY HAD TO LOSE COVERAGE COULDN'T AFFORD IT
Tell your sheep THE truth Lizzie. Obamacare is A BIG LIE.  Being made to pay 4 high cost ins doesn't mean you have healthcare.
OBAMACARE WAS A LIE, IS A DISASTER, UNAFFORDABLE, MADE TO MAKE S POORER, MORE DEBT 4 ! 
DEMOKKKRATS ARE STILL SELLING S
@ChosenLawyers With all due respect the problem in America is the President, who is not qualified to lead your great nation.
I know since Obamacare...The great insurance I had went in the bucket... really hurts on a fixed income $$$$
@CLirones GOP crooks is the problem. Sick bastards
Your party.
OH ME!  I do !  Me, me, me!
Not me!
seems that is what are Republicans believe
Really-I have zero understanding of what the GOP is doing.  Just lining the pockets of wealthy donors and screwing their voters.
Time to submit Single-payerBill, NOW!
unbelievable!
middle & poor need trickle UP ECONOMICS!
Why does the Nation need to care for 3 Trump homes when so many Americans don't have one, or are fighting to keep one?
Problem in Govt is politicians like urself who talk & talk, but never get things done. That's why DJT was voted in. Fix ur party.
@Indivisible_KY3 @KYinitiative  Ky needs organizing help. Dem party here is no help
Sue, we are helping. Jeff Co is stepping up. And we can't rely on the "party" -- WE are the party.
Trump doesn't, which is why he quit giving middle class taxes to NPR.
who thinks YOU never cared before when you ppl could have been the answer.  I vote YOU must enroll in Obama Care !
Is this what trump voters wanted? By now, they should understand the potus false promises. reach out to them - all soc media
unfortunately that would be the person sitting in the Oval Office (sometimes)
Not me!
well and clearly said.  What are the Repubs thinking?  The RICH need more?
we have to bail them out somehow!
Not I. Im taking care of my mother she is disabled and I worry she will not have heath care.. I myself have pcos with no healthcare
. easy to see what the Bannon / Trump administration is going. Big military. No social programs. Ruling elite. Kim Jong Trump!!!!
As long as corporate health care exists as a for profit business, health care will never be about the health of Americans
@bannerite Who thinks the money returned to the rich will be invested in American jobs?
Can democrats do anything to stop this bullying and rape of our democracy? Must it be torn down? Speak w outrage Democrats!!
The entire executive branch & the majority in Congress. 30 years of propaganda takes its toll. #reinstatethefairnessdoctrine
@bannerite The @GOP.
@bannerite well since the middle class is quickly disappearing I'd say nope.  Can't we make the billionaires class go instead?
Uh, the GOP majority?
last I checked you were worth over $25,000,000
The Trump Administration (rich people with no empathy or perspective) clearly do. Embarrassment and toxic to our nation.
Trump
You ma'am, should remove your wealthy self from politics.
I'm sick over all of this.  I know you'll keep fighting.  How can we help?
that is true senator. I can not believe the middle class protects them (trump) with 146 k / day, sickening. How about Mar-lago?
Paul Ryan and his buddies
Poor white voters in red states think that...
@DemocratSoldier Trumporkie &other GOP fat 
@Sibenjam Trump. Did I get it right?

@TallulahSC How long do I have to think about it?
@ae_olivia Rich people! Top 1%, but really top .01%. Tiny club, mutual admiration delusional society!
shut up liz
@darleneposey60 #deviantpresident
who feels that the banksters should have gone to jail? Instead they have been aloud to continue their exploitive criminal acts
The central problem is the government. If we woke up one day and it never happened, would it really matter? Or would we carry on?
apparently the GOP does!
The UNAFFORDABLE care act needs to go. As a member of the one percent, I understand why you don't get it.
not me or anyone I know of who has a sense of fair play.
The same folks who see the combination of beefed up military spending and xenophobic immigration bans as key to domestic safety.
@Hughesbuzzsaw Missing POTUS alert: 
Name:"Hillary"
Blonde, 
5'7
gr eyes
Missing since:11/8/2016
Reward:gratitude of 65 mil. ppl
I think the central problem is Democrats being part of the problem and doing nothing but bathing and not solving anything!!
Another liberal lie to scare the American people......
@MAHAMOSA not me!
- who thinks the central problem in America is that the federal government has its tentacles in places it doesn't belong?

Paul Ryan
where do you come up with this, seriously
@scue the rich need more money come on warren u should understand that by now trickle down works for the rich
It just seems like when they cut the budget is always things that benefit the poor that get cut. How much money do they need?
only the @GOP believes tht. They Love social services like Police, GOV Health C, Secret Service etc, but FU.K Socialism?
Not one American citizen!! Get others to vote no with you!!
you get free health care.  Join Obamacare pay your fair share
@realDonaldTrump and his minions do.  Trump doesn't cabaret, he's making millions using WH as his tool against citizens
- Give the rest of America the same Healthcare Plan Congress has! 
We can give the top 1% a $33,000 a year tax cut under #TrumpCare but we can't raise the minimum wage to $15/hr? (40hrs x $15 = $30,000/yr)
@_CivlDicours101 as always, Republicans. They can call themselves"pro-life" but like everything else it's just hypocrisy.
exactly no one knows. But @SpeakerRyan?  He out and out said he's trying to damage health care. NO #Trumpcare not now. Not ever.
thank-you for all you do to help us in the lower and middle class.
or that you only deserve heat or food if you're young and healthy?
who thinks Warren is a buffoon who makes up dumb hypotheticals?
Trump and his "basket" cases
not me! Keep up the fight Sen. Warren
Everyone should get off their lazy butts and work harder for big money like the 1%.
Mad this thing he wants to do to cut funding to important things we pay taxes to do like feed the school kids is messed up.
uh, Republicans?
why do the middle class always get dumped on. Run for president plz
the cheeto in the White House apparently
not me and my family
Certainly not #WeThePeople
NOT ME
how else can you kill off the poor and infirm and help decrease the surplus population?  Wait, aren't those Trump votes?
Who, indeed?
I know the answer!!!!  Donald Trump and Paul Ryan.  Am I right?
Trump!! Wait, that was rhetorical wasn't it?
From the outside looking in amazed that The US don't have affordable healthcare across the board for a first world country
Trump @POTUS & his croonies of course! @EPAScottPruitt #PlannedParenthood @SpeakerRyan
Apparently, the GOP.
please run for POTUS in 2020
The problem is working people tired of paying for others..That simple. American is about hand up not hand out.
such an asinine thing yo say! But then again, ur an ass!
You know nothing about business, that's why you have to go! We need business minded politicians who understand , you don't!
A clown called Donald
what's worse- really thinking this, or knowing the truth & lying
ooo ooo I do....NOT.
Spoken like a true instructor. Get people to think!
shut up!
r
As a taxpayer im sick of paying for those who refuse to work and help themselves
the central problem in america is TRUMP
Not me!
dual system, National for all who work, deducted out of each paycheck like SS, and private for everyone else. The rich opt out.
I do! I also think seniors eat far 2 often, the polar caps are extraneous decoration, & fossil fuels will magically regenerate.
Trump.voters. That's IT!
only the 1%
Insane, greedy @GOP! That's who!

If anyone believes this then you need to be mentally checked out!
Only RepubliCONS
>>>>> there .   @SpeakerRyan seems to think so .  he feels the middle class should pay for the rep's pork projects
not this gal!
I would hope no one who can vote!
@ybarrap Republicans
The real, core issue with American politics is money and lobbyists. $ makes many of them blind, ignorant or stupid, or all three.
I like How GOP is freeing us from our Healthcare Insurance.
when is trump going to be impeached
I thought it was poor people have too much food and heat in the winter & billionaires need more Russian oligarch friends
JUST LIKE THE AMERICAN INDIANS--YOU SHOULD KNOW-ARE YOU NOT AMR. INDIAN? You said you have High Cheek bones-where the DNA test?
the @gop
It's not just middle class but poor, elderly & disabled also getting screwed by GOP & Trump! I'm one pissed off American!
