Republicans are voting on a bill that would pull the rug out from under state retirement plans. Why? The @USChamber likes the system rigged.
Heading to the Senate floor now to speak out against the state retirement plan CRA. Watch live: https://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=20 … #SaveRetirement
Why? Why does government have to always do everything? Why can't people provide for their OWN retirement? You never explain that.
So... States rights on some things, but fuck the states on others. I don't get it. Can you explain?
Yes states only have to follow the laws they like same way for the federal government!  It's the sanctuary syndrome system of government.
Aka snowflakes?
Beth, I really don't get how we agree on that particular point & yet you're a #MAGA conservative... But I like it. It's a start. #excelsior
But I am sure we agree on many things. The whole conversation had become muddled to me. All we can do is keep trying and laugh sometimes.
I'm still confused. But I like your style.
What are these? Do we have one in MA? I've never heard of them
They have?
People pay into a retirement fund and some company's match it !!!
I still be paying off my #parentplusloan.  Please help me share this.  This is no joke. I am seriously afraid.
Great! Too bad no one can afford it now, especially if they have the pre-existing condition "vagina". God help us all!
What?????
You go girl !!! Keep working for the American people !!!
Since when is it the responsibility of the state to spend or save our money... and by "our money", we mean NOT YOURS? #socialism
So are you going to refuse your SS check when you retire? What about Medicare
Amazing that companies can prevent their employees from buying an IRA.
Bullshit. all Bullshit.
You really think we want the STATES to regulate our retirement? Really? They can't even manage their own pension programs.
Good for them
no nanny state...if gov controls, they can take away! Free market freedoms. Get people to work and EARN their own!!!
...and most of us don't earn enough to contribute to a savings plan. #workingpoor
That's awesome. If only there would've been another institution to offer savings account before now. Oh, wait, banks have for decades. #fail
And I'm sure you'll make me contribute to them so I have nothing left to contribute to mine. Should I just switch over now.
Maybe we all should become politicians? Seemed to work out well for your retirement plan huh?
Wasn't the original purpose of Social Security supposed to be as a retirement/disability safety net?
So you're all for the tax payers funding state retirement accounts. How exactly are you standing up for the middle class?
Or how bout this. Start their own . Take some personal responsibility !
Everyone has access to retirement accounts. Where's the law preventing people from saving their own money?
They cannot open their own savings account?  
Sadly, the monied and privileged class, yourself and your party included-labor under the idea there is $ left at the end of the month-fix it
@SenSanders @timkaine @MarkWarner @RepComstock Please change the #HSA rule & allow funds to rollover, no more #UseorLose Let us keep our $$!
They have access to all the free market retirement accounts they could ever want. Some of us reject the teet. Get back in your teepee.
What states would those be?
Should people not save for retirement on their own if their company doesn't offer? Benefits make corps competitive. Mandating benefits... No
Here's a crazy idea: people take care of themselves like adults instead of being cared for by the government like children.
We need to nationalize law-breaking banks to start a US Government Bank - poorest people cannot afford bank accounts, trouble paying rent
That been common for quite a few decades now, long before the Obama administration.
Why can't the public sector or a digital advisor at
Step in???
WE NEED CHELSEA IN 2020! GO CHELSEA!!
Did you speak of this during your pet Obama administration,in all your shouting Americans has taken you as a joke,Donald Trump doing good.
GEE ,,, thanks now they just need the money to put in the Fing savings accounts. BUT you sell your books on our time and teach 1 class $500k
Wrong wrong wrong
As long as they aren't like the one Jindal tried to implement a few years back-investment linked!
You are inspiring. You do us Democrats PROUD. Please don't stop fighting for us

Yeah cuz we all know Social Security is doomed and those of us under 50 are screwed why don't you just let us out=8% raise min.

Elizabeth Warren are you still troubled by President Obama making $400k a speech to donate $2M to create jobs for inner city black youths? https://twitter.com/logical_latina/status/859862675601244160 …
Open a bank account and start saving. Look for a bank or credit union with no annual fees. Specify it as an IRA account.
Mrs Warren. Why is it that all non governmental employees have to do this themselves yet you protect are government employees.  Not right.
All. Not are.
 on the fence on this one
It would be better if states wouldn't have to provide. Less taxes on these kinds of programs means more for progression and prevention.
Paleface
The same politicians who promise to "protect" Soc. Sec., strain to expand the powers of the central govt. in Washington, D.C.
If Americans ever wise up, they will not allow the Congress to tell them how to be wealthy or healthy--or much of anything else.
@SenWarren does realize diverting sums from individuals' paychecks to the stock market will be welcomed by the operators on Wall Street?
Another way between the haves and have nots .... the gap is getting wider.  The people we elected are definitely choosing to widen the gap.
Why should states provide these??
I remember when companies cared for their employees futures
I remember when adults were adults and took care of themselves.
Too bad you don't fight for job growth so companies have to compete for good candidates and offer top shelf benefits
it's more lots of companies don't have 401k or even match. Very few including you get pensions now. Disconnected for average joes
Government should not provide this benefit it should be offered by every company based on the job and time
I was one of the last group of people to have a company retirement plan. So sad. We want zip for our citizens. 
I hope these states' pension funds are near 100% funded as well.
I give up many things to put money in my savings. Now u want to take it and give it to lazy people who can't save? #MyMoney #DontTouch
How is the state offering retirement plans taking your savings?
Seriously? Lol
Quite seriously.
Broke states as custodians of citizens retirement funds. No moral hazard there!
With what?! The Middle Class is not Ur ATM Lady! Ur Party has raised the Debt ceiling up so high that we're just printing non backed paper!
What in the hell is wrong with personal responsibility? Liberals promise something that impossible to deliver so dummies will vote for them
I believe it's R's plan to stymie anything that allows the states to assist WORKING folks The R's are heathens and scoundrels!!!
How so? States?
it's called a 401k,Roth Ira not the ponzi scheme called social security
Why should the state or employers be required to participate in retirement in any form?  Own your own future.
Great! Once they know government will pick up the tab, guess what? More will discontinue plans. More power for government , right?
Retirement isn't an entitlement ... stop pushing this drivel
It's the person's responsibility to save for retirement. If their job offers it great. If not they need to make their own arrangements.
Remettez l'argent que vous et vos collègues ont volé de Sécurité sociale avant de critiquer.
Why is that a companies fault and if the state wants to do then that is their right.
It's not hard - Australia doing it successfully for decades
The pathetic education system can't teach them the basics of saving money? Sounds like the government has failed miserably on many fronts.
What do you say about Steve Colbert's disgraceful statements about @potus?
every bank has retirement accounts. You want to force small businesses to provide what they can't afford.
You cannot trust your place of work to do that. People should save and buy rare metals and gemstones. Money has no real value anymore.
And are going broke doing it!
Small business can't be responsible 2 provide Health Ins, Retirement Acc, & pay the employee a handsome salary, your shuttering Sm Business

Of course no one afford to contribute to them...
Oh yeah what states?
Might cost those CEOs a drop of a few million$ from their exorbitant salaries so no more work place retirement savings plans. Thx GOP.
Really? That's your logic? Wow? Smh
Will you also donate yours and @BernieSanders book income to the youth? Or will you continue attacking President Obama? Seems like a trend
If you think you're gaining support from people of color, by doing this, good luck on your 2020 bid. We never forget
Are you the official POC spokesperson? Can I file formal requests with you?
Those of us who do can't afford to put any money in them anyway. Focus on real problem. #CantRetireOnLowWages
#attainmorevaluableskillsifyouwanthigherwages
See how nice it is that states have freedom to help their citizens! Leave more up to states.
The govt is only going to help govt employees and politicians
When you going to do over tax and then put it in a separate account
I live in CA My wife and I have 2 children.
We cannot afford a home and have no money saved for college or retirement
Lifes stressful RT now
Thank you, for bringing this important issue to light!! You are the greatest.
Problem is - you make it employer mandatory all of a sudden it looks more and more like a TAX !
Cradle to grave again I think not. It's just painful having to read your tweets but I'll be here to rebut you. This is America not Europe!!
Th u for doing something productive
Yup using our tax money once again. What don't we pay for
your trying to be like @realDonaldTrump with all your Tweets - so cute but it won't make you president.
.Then states should educate not take over the system, we have no financial ed in k-12 no wonder we suck with money
Everyone has access to retirement accounts, states should not pick up the ball for people with priority and judgement deficiencies.
& in 30 years when elderly population w/ no retirement savings is dying in the streets? Amazes me people object to making it easier 2 save
You know 1 thing that will help Americans too? @SenSanders #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer bill which u should support wholeheartedly, but alas
Not enough doctors, PA's or NP's to support single payer. It's not going to happen.
So status quo? You seem ok with some people dying because we don't have enough MDs. What's your suggestion or do you only have excuses???
There always cds bonds and investment banking and the stock market to invest in this is just government over reaching
Employment is changing—time to transfer healthcare and retirement savings to the individual, so switching jobs isn't tethered 2 life choices
That would require a reveal of a key keynsian principal and fold the economy as many would put in bank. But you're 100% correct.
Teach your working children how to save...it's not the guvmint's job #personalresponsibility
Theses people live in la la land
Little late and Bank of America got mine in the mortgage crisis so good example of why Consumer Protection Agency should stay in place
Only not Republican at the helm as it was in 2007 when they were working hand and glove with the banks I should say banks in GOP pockets
That's funny didn't know there was a law banning people from opening up a ira account or a 401k
And?

Bring back the great jobs and they will
45 should take lessons from you on how to properly thread tweets. #SmartLady
Why not provide a criminal penalty that includes jail time for employers that hire illegals? Help citizens get jobs in the first place.
In your estimation how are people going to get jobs with all of the employers jailed?
All you have to do is jail a few of them to send a message to the rest.
Because if there is one thing our overcrowded jails tell us it is that punishment is an effective deterrent
Jails are tax funded hotels, what we need are work farms, hard labor, and swift executions instead of years of appeals.
Wouldn't those work farms just take the job of those hardworking Americans?
What's next, a vote to make Daycare more dangerous?
Screw individual responsible.
For new employees fine.
thank you!
If I don't have healthcare I won't live long enough to retire. If Trump nukes us all for laughs over dinner, 401(k)s burn too. Focus please.
I am sure you are well aware of the "double dipping " that's been going on particularly in the college sector with retirements
Q is, are they TAX free.
We don't need the Government locking up & using our Money 
We need you to fix Federal Reserve so we can get Interest on our Savings accounts
Forget retirement! #FlintWaterCrisis is REAL!Aint no future w CHEMICALS & LEAD in ya water! Dems are way out of touch!! WAKE UP!
But everyone has the option to open an individual plan regardless of income levels, why does it have to be through their employer?
ll bet you that Georgia and Alabama aren't in that group. I hate to see my home state (AL) and my adopted state (GA) be so apathetic
Go to bank, open account & deposit cash...  Simple

Why is the Government needed for this?

So they can collect a fee?
Enjoy that .09% APY. I suggest you learn something about economies of scale, savings inertia, & scope of our retirement crisis.
I suggest you look into a concept known as Austrian Economics. You sound like a clueless keynsian fraud
Open Federal 401k, that congress enjoys, to everyone.
SEP, Roth IRA, CD, Traditional IRA- all can be contributed to by the individual- not really sure why the government needs to provide one.
The same reason employers auto-enroll employees. Participant inertia, behavioral finance 101.
Not the problem of the government
Absolutely a problem for the government when an aging population is starving in the streets
I have a 401(k), but the funds are mediocre and pricet. I would love to be able to deduct pre-tax funds and have greater investment options.
This is a step that everyone should be able to support. More individual savings today will mean less government dependence in future.
55 million Americans don't have access to Money They swindled but clambered fake native american heritage
President Barack and First Lady Michelle Obama donated $2million to Chicago is it still a problem to accept $400K for speeches?
Yea they are called savings accounts or IRA'S thanks. Can I get a hit off that peace pipe?
Do those 55 million Americans work jobs that were meant for teenagers? Asking for a friend...
Tell ur "friend" only 14% of small bus. offer retirement plans. They can be costly & complicated to setup and subject employer to liability
Hey #Pocahontas they've always been there. It's called an IRA #libtard
Keep fighting like a girl! You are our SHERO!
Lesbo love, no doubt.
The tax code affords them the ability to set it up themselves or through any number of financial planners.
Does the tax code place the same contribution limits, access to penalty free distributions at the same age, and fiduciary oversight in IRAs?
Where were you when Bernie needed you Lizzy?
Here's my retirement plan:  #Costco  https://www.costco.com/jobs.html 
what's sad is I did everything "right," and it still won't be enough.
Then you didn't do everything "right." If you're relying on someone else to tell you how to live, you aren't doing it right.
No good if u can't afford to put anything in it
Are they the same states that are re-negotiating and reneging on their current pension plans for teachers and other state workers?
excuse me Elizabeth? Everyone has the right to start retirement accounts of their choice and those choices are there.
Everyone also has a right to build their own road, but for some reason we've decided as a society that both should be done by gov. Weird.
But but... Obama is getting paid money!
I have access but don't make enough money to save much
@SenSchumer You nuts are doing such a good job with SS! Like we need a solution from you Senate turds.
Exactly
