All of those serving from MA have never & will never vote for you because of your complete lack of character and dishonesty @SenWarren
I love chicken nuggets!
Thank you, My prayers go with you for your safety and the safety of the people in Texas.
And proud of our President who gave 1 million $ of his own money? How much have you given?
Thanks to every one of them
And we thank you for sending them our way.  Thank You!  From the bottom of this Texan's heart....THANK YOU!
Please, Thank the Trump administration. If it was anything else this woman would resist. You all deserve our help & we r there for you!
how about #TermLimits already so we can get you out and get someone in who can do their freaking job?  WHAT HAVE YOU DONE LATELY, LADY???
Kind of wonder what you've been doing lately?
she's been looking out for herself.....as,always
I meant Steve. And you. How have either of you served others lately?
Save DACA Liz, seriously. I don't care what it takes. I know so many dreamers. They are seriously a credit to this country. It's inhumane.
Why dont you support our miltary?
You really expect them to believe you? I thought you and Bernie were anti military and pro BLM. Now you're proud of uniforms? Get real.
@PunditReview Thanks for your faux-concern, #fauxcahontis
Thanks Todd wine for your total assholeness
Is that even a word? And you're welcome.
Yea, you support Veterans, NOT.
Help defeat Warren!!!!
Warren what have you done for Texas not a thing but complain about trump and country. Mass please don't elect Warren again. All mouth Mark
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=21036 
And all the volunteers that are setting aside their lives to help others
Everyone else is helping Houston and our own President can't even donate TRUMP WATER! SAD! VERY SAD! Thank you goes out to all who is helpin
Grab it while you can Pokey- time's running out
Thanks President Trump for your generous personal donation to Harvey Relief. @POTUS
Yeah,  I bet this time no one cares if is transgender or gay.
Doubt you are
Please DO NOT use the military for your personal political gain.
We know the game you're  playing.  
Turn to God & pray for America.
Are you also proud of the 1.6M babies murdered in the USA every year under what you call choice?  #hypocrite
There are some good people in Massachusetts however you are not one!  Go back to the res!
Only Massachusetts?.
get past your prejudice.Americans from the whole country are supporting relief effort.not like most Dems.
I Boston! We are #HoustonStrong #BostonStrong Thank you, Massachusetts!
She didn't send anyone! Trump did and he gets all the credit bc all the leftists do is #Resist no credit to this woman who stands against.
What if you're not a man or a woman?
Why just from Massachusetts what about everyone else??
We can always depend on our soldiers to rescue and protect us.
I'm sure they can sleep better at night knowing a goofy b$%%# like yourself is proud of them, you cannot fix stupid
It's amazing you care

I love you Elizabeth 
My check went to American Red Cross.  Yours?
Thanks you guys, 
#FromHouston #WithLove
And I am ashamed of Maduro, helping Houston, with money that could stop some Venezuelans from dying of hunger
Get ready, because Trump is going down! Thanks for all that you do.
Are you assuming people's gender? Such generalization.
This message was brought to you by
Your so terrific Ms. Warren.
The fools who went to TX to protest POTUS should roll up their sleeves and put that energy to a good cause. Carry a shovel instead of a sign
#fauxchahontas
It's not just Houston. Please stop dismissing 50+ counties of victims in Texas. No one is helping us.
I hope you get voted out. Your a lunatic hate monger who believes in corruption and L extremists go away crazy lady
So no boats they won't give up or N.Shore employees of city's to fly to Houston either? Jerks. I'm thinking after Beverly 128 N towns. Wow
How bout being PROUD of America also?
So basically CAPE ANN ,north shore is useless! And Does not have  intelligence! In 2 ways! Always The Cape.
Bet the people of Houston don't care if the soldier helping them is transgender either.
They just need help.  They don't care from whom
Running to a crisis is a true measure of greatness.
My favorite place we lived was Otis air base when my dad was in AF . It was many yrs ago . I have fond memories of John's pond!!
So What?
Thank you for not interjecting the transgender nonsense. We are having an emergency now and it is not the time 4 experimenting.
Pocahontas i be happy id you go back to your Tepee
But are you equally proud of all the redneck Texans you spend the remainder of the year mocking?
Thank god!
You should be proud of EVERY person in uniform.
Rest assured most of them despise you and know the Globalist anti-American agenda you represent. Enjoy those sweet #AIPAC #WALLSTREET bribes
Ah, but which ones are men and which ones are women?  THAT is the question.
Please could you read a KIDS story for the kids affected by hurricane Harvey. Here: https://m.facebook.com/groups/1839618379398137 …
Thank you!
Hurricane Harvey Book Club
Please save DACA from Trump. Hardworking immigrants with no criminal record don't deserve to be deported.
Me Too !!!!!!
We from Houston are thankful for their service and support!
I'm proud of all of the men & women who are HONEST about their heritage and don't pretend that they are Native American #Bettyexposes
