Do you need the fraudulent votes to get elected???
THAT IS AWESOME. YOUR STATE AND THE ONES ABOVE NEED TO BE ADDRESSED 1ST. SOUNDS GOOD RIGHT SEN. LOOSE SCREW ELIZABETH?
Let's mandate voting day a national holiday so that all citizen have off to vote! That's a start!
Will never happen because that would benefit the Republican Party.  But why they don't at least make it a Saturday is beyond me.
Right!
What about those that work weekends? Indiana has early and absentee voting.
Not everyone works and some people work 7 days a week and some even work multiples jobs during that 7 day week - so don't make assumptions!
I need ID to board a plane, rent a car, buy alcohol or cigarettes.. even to enter a Dem convention.. so enact this for voting...
tRump is the fraud. There is no widespread voter fraud, only voter intimidation!
No Ms. Warren, it should be called "Election Fraud"!
You are so full of it.
Voter fraud huh. Don't you keep wanting illegals to vote for you guys. Obama even said in an interview for illegals to vote for Hillary
Meanwhile in Massachusetts 16 year olds can "pre-register" to vote so when they turn 18 they are auto-registered. That's democracy.
Well isn't it too Bad we live in a Representative Republic?
Are you scared you and the others are going to get caught.
The dead cannot be intimidated!
Making you nervous @SenWarren ?Do you have something to HIDE?
Says Poco who has lost all credibility with her Lies & Propaganda. EVIL to the end.
Our democracy is under attack. There is no checks & balances in the GOP. What can we do to stop this?
Senator. before you make baseless claims, explain why any voters are incapable of getting a free voter ID card with proof of citizenship.
Wasting tax dollars. We will vote.
@POTUS Nice try but no cigar. Democrats afraid their voter fraud scheme will be unmasked! otherwise why would it upset them.
Their plan is to run interstate cross-check on the country. Design to remove potential Democrats from voter rolls. Why does Mass. Do this
Whatev Pochantis
Today, everyone focused on Trump s treason. Tomorrow, we will need ongoing fight against republicans regular affronts to democracy
all the while none of you are fighting to remove #crosscheck software which suppresses votes from millions
Need also address id requirements; how to help those that don't have means of getting required id in time for next election
It means...you can't have illegal felon aliens voting for you...so sad
Do you have proof of this?
Plenty Mr. "I use one common response when people tell us how stupid we are as liberals"
That sounds to me like the left's agenda!  Or are you confused?
You know. I live is Mo. And we show our ID.  I am not intimidated at all. What is there to be fearful of anyway?? I don't understand how.
Trump trusts Russia more than US voters.
Hey Stupix, you make no sense.
A fraudulent solution in search of a non-existent problem. Isn't that called a #redherring? #resist #votersuppression #ageoftrump
Nc just posted a report that 35% of their votes were fradulant. Do you think@for yourself or just spew 
Share the link.
Waiting on your apology BABY!!!9
Because Democrats are too stupid to show picture IDs (but use them for everything else in life)?
See that's way republicans are... so mean spirited, calling people names, all of them are bullies and bullies are also cowards.
Nope
Wow you really are nuts
Lizzy, you don't even know what you say. Shame on those who support the crap you spew
MAGA!!  What r u afraid of huh?  NO VOTES hmmm
Ass
Elizabeth Warren who previously hurled insults at James Comey now takes them back to oppose his firing. INDIAN GIVER!
Both exist but there is far more voter FRAUD than intimidation!!!!!
Why other than needing the votes...do you think it is right for illegals to vote in our elections?  We don't vote in others elections!
More pointless comments from a Senator that's done nothing.  Try being a Leader and not just spewing garbage
No there is voter fraud dead people voting, people voting in multiple states, liberals paying people to vote c'mon pocohanutus get real
You could lose a lot of votes.
Only intimidating all those illegals you all love to have vote. And vote again. And again...
The only intimidation is to the fraudulent voters. Liberal Democrats won't get as many votes when the fraud is addressed. #MAGA
We need real Pocahontas, not a fake 
You bet he did!! The USA can't wait to make voter fraud a thing of the past! A great awakening is happening... all eyes are opening! 
Careful Liz, you and your Dems will be embarrassed when Dem voter fraud is unearthed
You have no room to talk lady!

So true
Yeap, it's meant to intimidate fraudsters ... you know like those in the Democratic party. Shouldn't you be fighting fraud in every form?
Stop Your Corruption and Psycho Drama.
This is a whole different take on the "Rock The Vote" movement.
Grow up
So election integrity only matters when it suits the democrat narrative? This is why America will vote out more dems in 2018.

Afraid Democrat voter fraud will get exposed Pocahontas?
The only report I saw of voter fraud in the election was a Trump voter who voted twice.
You are so full of it.Someone called Schumer worst excuse for senator.But Liz, you beat even him.I detest what u & yours have done to Amer.
.@SenWarren U should welcome this If u really care about interference in U.S. elections. As u know, Russians aren't the only ones who cheat.
Sorry Liz, way off base, Americans believe only Live Americans have the right to vote & only once, should be simple, Liz
That's the same thing they would say to you but your grandfather told me your grandmother was full-blooded Cherokee I'm serious
Need to keep a close eye on these few special elections
@mimizelman @realDonaldTrump Like: "Pledge loyalty to me and I'll let you vote....for me."
Sen Warren Running Donkey always speaks with FORKED tongue & MALICE in her heart @LTCNation @_Makada_
Didn't the #democrats just fleece millions in November to investigate voter fraud.  It was cool then, eh?  Another hollow script... #mapoli
Hillary should run that !!! Good to see you can type better than you speak. Haha GO TRUP
Yes I will and Do it
Project  Veritas
Mrs. WARREN you are out of your mind. Is it possible that every single thing Trump does is evil. You've lost credibility
When r the @GOP (who r losing all credibility) going to call @realDonaldTrump out. They need to stop this farce of our country now.
That vote fraud business is nothing but a lot of BS, and Mr. Trump is now doing it with the help of a KS politician who found 9 bad votes!!
Yes again he's going to be investigating you and your sidekicks
I hope you run in 2020 so your crushing defeat can show you what a wackadoo you are, Fauxahontas
Democrat cheat lie and steal. Fact
Kobach's #crosscheck stole 2016 electoral- unfairly suppressing 1/1M mostly minorities from register in GOP states. Why no mention of this?
My god the democrats have been intimidating reps like for ever why do yall lie so much
Do the Democrats need the votes of illegals to win?
I would think you would want to stop voter fraud. Why wouldn't you? Why are you against protecting the election process? Hmmm
Did the sources tell you this or did you come up with it yourself ??
Still on that..geez
Afraid of discovering all of those people who support you and your party who vote illegally???@SenWarren
LOL.. coming from a State Sen. from Mass. where you have the most corruption I have ever seen in #mentalhealth care. It is grotesque
Do really think there is not voting fraud and you demos keep talking about Russia well
You should be investigated... fraud!
If its legal for you to vote, go vote. If its not, DONT. If you do, its a crime. NOT THAT DIFFICULT.
There is no voter fraud in this country Trump doest like that he lost the popular vote by over 2.8 million votes Its a done deal
You have to show ID to buy booze, smokes, or get a loan. But you don't have to show an ID to vote. Huh..
Where was your outrage when  @billclinton showed up at polling locations in your state - violating election rules?
time to impeach especially now we have him on video telling l.Holt he fired comey to stop Russia  investigation
Why is that exactly? What if his intentions are good? What about all the instances of voter suppression during democratic primaries?
He has to be stopped.
Please tell us how funds are budgeted for all of this nonsense without a budget being passed
It will be a voter suppression commission. What efforts will be taken to counteract?
@SenWarren, @realDonaldTrump  trying to prove that the half of the country is imaginary. Nope Donnie DOOFUS, the hate is real and so are we.
I'm going to start the Native American fraud commission. It will intimidate white people who fake heritage to claim benefits.
VOTER FRAUD IS REAL BUT NOT 3 MILLION.  IF SO HOW DO WE KNOW THE SO CALLED 3 MILLION VOTES WERE FOR TRUMP & THATS WHY HE WON. HC REALLY WON?
Americans get passports,social security cards, drivers' licenses -stop implying minorities are incapable of voter registration -its racist
Today, Cherokee Nation confirmed your fake heritage claim.
I think you meant. "Voter Distraction Commision". multitask @SenWarren. It will be crucial to combatting tyranny in the @WhiteHouse
The Census Director quit???  That is terrible, GOP can go full speed ahead with voter suppression.
This is so no one other than GOP candidates ever won any election in this country again.  This is the reason GOP Congress is dragging feet!
Jill Stein's recount in MI showed suspicious statistical signs in several parts of Detroit showing HRC overcounts-  Judge suspended recount
And it really is a case of you should mind your own business our president does not need you you are a phony Indian
In a small # of US counties, non-citizens were allowed (encouraged) to vote by local authorities.  Only the size of the problem is in doubt.
Good for trump!
You tell them girly man
The Demoncrats can't win an election without voter fraud.
Because illegals won't be able to vote for Dems?
What we really need is for people to be able to pass an IQ test before they can vote, obviously considering tRump's followers!
Kansas  wing nut Kobach using his obsession w voter fraud to leap on national stage; couldn't get there legitimately.
That will fix the minority's unemployment problem
If it keeps illegals from voting call it what you want
How about you returning the money you stole for fraud or are you truly an Indian. #itscalledfraud
how does this intimidate voters?
Where were you when I & 100,000+ NY'ers were fraudulently purged from voting in the Primary & our affidavits were tossed too?
#Hypocrite
Yes, the Democrats intimidated a lot of people and this should stop.
You're still here? I take it you don't understand Hilary lost.
Y does he care. He's gone in a month...
Are you referring to the (How to commit) Vote Fraud Commission?
When is his agenda going to stop and the agenda for all Americans going to start. 
Some of these comments are hysterical. You do know that Obama isn't POTUS anymore right?
At least he's being consistent with treating tax dollars like it's endless, free money to be used for his every whim.
Already have this in TN.
How about one of your tweets ever saying today.....in doing this for my cntry instead of TODSY DONALD TRUMP IS.....not what you are of to do
How many illegals voted in your district Pocahontas ?
Um, VoteR intimidation Commission isn't quite as snappy.  Vote Fraud Commission has a lot more pizazz.  @SenWarren needs a marketing class.
I don't think anything Trump signs should be valid while the campaign investigation is pending.
PAY ATTENTION! It covers voter fraud AND voter intimidation, both of which democrats are heavily guilty of! They can't win without cheating!
Move a lil towards the middle on some issues and we will take back the Whitehouse and Senate.
Trump will be defeated in 2020. He won because whites,  some hispanics, asians and blacks think illegal aliens are taking their jobs. Wakeup
He could put Putin in charge of it. Next time, Trump would have 98%of the votes and 130%of the population would have voted.
WHY NO investigation in2 #CrossCheck
ur comments on @greg_palast's documentary on STOLEN election via #VoterSuppress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox2ijC3y3aY …
Democrats need to turn this commission into a voter suppression investigation. Fight fire with fire and don't back down.
lol at you
No it should be call prohibiting blacks from voting.
Oh, that how you call your actions
I take a week off & @POTUS @realDonaldTrump sinks this country even lower. No matter. The universe has its way of correcting itself #resist
YAY!  Americans are ALL smart enough to own ID. You need ID for food stamps, welfare, cigarettes, alcohol, medicare, ss, rent, drive, fish..
Yes,  ma'am!
How about voter suppression? Far fewer voting station and crazy to insane voter restrictions.
I second that!We are in a constitutional crisis!
He is so transparent. Every time his mouth gets him in trouble he comes up with a diversion. It always goes back to the election.
He should sign a elizabeth warren fraud commission
Let's start with the #RussiaInvestigation and see if we can uncover some election fraud, collusion, tampering. #IndependentCommissionNOW
It will likely be a "Vote Confirmation Commission" that will prove that Hillary really did crush him in the popular vote.

One can only hope that these efforts are met W/ #TheResistance in the Courts in the states where voter laws are enacted-for better or worse
Just a diversion! A piss poor one at that @SenWarren
YES! START:
1. 5000 FAKE WI votes for Trump (FOUND AFTER ELECTION)
2. Martin Co. N.C. padded Trump votes!
3. 50-100 EC voters INELIGIBLE
Kris Kobach can't be allowed any influence over US elections, Senator. Disenfranchising minority voters is his stock in trade.
Trump should be shut down until the invstigation is over.
Hey Warren, where's YOUR investigation of CROSSCHECK? I know Greg Palasts's, but not any Democrats. Hmmmmm.
Agreed. Wow
Oregon has vote by mail & by golly it works.
Yes, it eliminates long lines, time off from work on a weekday, etc., etc.  Many people do not vote because they can't afford hours off!
I recall the republicans against vote by mail calling a postage stamp a tax, so we have free drop off boxes. GOP cheat & supress. Period.
Laptop acting up but I tried to answer: How ridiculous for GOP to complain about a stamp, but give tax cuts to wealthy/disguised as HC!
Make no mistake about it. Trump and GOP have already laid groundwork to alter future elections.
we're so screwed
Trying to get himself re-elected. That is if Russia hasn't taken over by then
Fingerprint id at the polls!
Dear god, how much of our REAL taxpayer money is he allocating to this very SURREAL department?  He's still trying to prove his crowd size.
Cultural appropriator says what?
Retire all ready.
So you want voter fraud. With out it you will loss you job.
why US Admns supported Pakistan Genocides,NukeTechTheft (from Holland) export to N.Korea & DailyTerrorism since1947,while criticising India?
need to remove the motor voter box that illegals can register to vote without proving they are citizens!
Impeach and be done with him
Keep dividing this country. You're doing a great job.
Americans wake up
Since they are writing attack ads for Dems, gerrymandering is the only way to win in '18.
Be ready for a recommendation that every voter undergo "extreme vetting."
