You, madame, are a dishonest & misleading fraud. It is not your place to consel honest, hard working Americans. Its time to retire & go away
Warren should just go away Just another of MANY KKKlinton Clones who lie cheat & cry Racist
you live in a dream world
Go back on your meds & take an anger mgmt. course U R in Dire need
sorry I can't know for the response some of us have to go to work we just don't sit around tweeting all day and all night
Taco Bell is lucky to have someone like U
ding fries are done dude
And what are we poor schlubs supposed to do now?
No it's an example of the bankers and career politicians complete disregard for the wealth of the people. You are all parasites
You've been in politics a long time @SenWarren, you've become wealthy on the backs of the taxpayer. You are not on the side of the people.
Absolutely!  Sadly unions are under attack and it will get worse the fight for workers voices being gagged
THAT makes no sense. It's in place and it stopped nothing.
Under your watch the Chinese stole my & millions others confidential data from incompetent US OPM & you have done nothing! Get to work!
I'm one of the people affected, but they're asking me to sign off if I elect to get credit coverage.  What should I do?
I'll be enrolling, personally. Feel like protecting my credit/identity will be worth more than a payout split among 143 mill people
But maybe not... 
And I understand if you ask for info on whether you are affected they try to slip an indemnification into the boilerplate... shame!
No, you can check if you are affected with no consequences.  Signing up for free credit monitoring waives your right to sue.
Equifax is now saying arbitration clause doesn't apply.
Who trusts WaPo?
Amen to that.  Keep upthe
And while we're at it let's stop credit reporting agencies from having so much power they're helping destroy the poor and middle class
If people are genuinely trying to turn their lives around credit agencies should be helping them, not condemning them to bankruptcy
Then I hope anyone who doesn't support the rule is out there in full strength to make a lot of noise about it.
Amen to that,  keep up the good fight !
And more regulations need to be set for a private company that has so much arbitrary power over individual finances
Who gave them the right? And why didnt Americans question giving ppl you dont know this power over our financial lives?
My ? is why did it take ME so long to begin watching those sent to D.C. more closely it took Nov election for me 2 open my eyes & my mouth
The GOP have not represented the American people for decades. They represent the financial interests of the super wealthy and corporations.
True!
Yes, THIS.
Pretty sure there were class action suits before the CFPB came along.
that's why I put my money in the mattress, banks suck all the money they make they can't protect us
Spoken like someone who doesn't understand anything about anything but keeps lie after lie coming
I challenge you to publicly live broadcast a CFPB audit. Let America judge who is stealing our money and destroying American wealth.
Agreed
It is also a reminder of why Social Security #'s were not supposed to be used as identifying information. Too much info connected to one #.
Or from reversing Dodd Frank. Rules made to protect the vast majority of US citizens against another BIG  financial collapse!
GOP Wants a chance to reck the economy again by removing needed regulations... longest bull market ever thanks Obama
GET A GRIP
So are yall going to tell @Equifax to waive fees for lock/unlock credit reports? They need to do this - they screwed up!
Next thing you know it was the Gop that made you think you was an INDIAN.
Exactly right! Protections were implemented for s very good reason and this is a prime example


THREAD - DO NOT CHECK THE #EQUIFAX WEBSITE TO SEE IF YOUR INFORMATION HAS BEEN COMPROMISED!  READ THIS FIRST! https://youtu.be/Aw6IF_cCjzc 
Cfpb is unconstitutional
Gibberish. There are already courts for arbitration. Maybe you don't believe in courts.
What AWAN did in House far worse.
Dems have done NOTHING but attack @POTUS 4 9 mths. Took a month off while getting PAID w/MY tax $ so no u r not TRYING to work w/him #MAGA
WTF Trump and you Trump humpers have been destroying everything that protects us from people like you.
Wow, no intelligent or factual dialogue just full on attack. As usual. You just proved my point... next. #MAGA
Is anyone looking into laws mandating more than SSN for opening financial accounts? SSN model is systemically broken; half are now public.

Are we so stupid as to make the same deregulation mistakes all over again? Wake up people!
Never miss an opportunity to insert politics, pathetic
We have to stop it.
Here here
Ty Miss. Warren
Or maybe it's not a partisan issue and is something Congress should be working to ensure NEVER happens again.
..hear, hear!
If we keep losing because big business never has consequences its time to react. They shouldn't be given free pass. Now we suffer they $
Demand from your reps and senators to make equifax pay for thier gross negligence
Good example of why we cannot trust big corps to do the right thing. They need to be regulated to protect the public.
OMG!  What did Debbie Schultz have to say about this?
Tell em.
A financial institution holding my house note should not be able to charge me to make online payment to them,  I can send a check for free
We are fast approaching returning to the place we were in 2008. Financial institutions need heavy policing.  because they gouge the public
hitting big business with large settlements is the only way to hold them responsible for bad behavior.
Fauxcahontas
#GOPCOMPLICIT #GOPPAIDOFF #GOPPAY4PLAY #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #Scruples4Rubles #NotLookingGood #SILENTGOP #RUSSIANMADEWH @GOP
Calm down dawg- you're losing it
Thatand many other things...!!
Why don't we have HIPPA-style protections for our personal information?
No.  Congress must pass LAW creating  standards for breach notification & reponse.  Relying on varying state laws doesn't protect consumers.
You're becoming a bore as you've become a one pony show of financial matters. Diversify.
#yes
Yeah that's real smart. Instead of going after the hackers let's sue the victim
Wrong our problem is too much bureaucracy, we need privately created industry committees which have better track records.  See history.
You're an idiot with your "bureaucracy". The alternative is less protection which just lines pockets of CEOs
Yes...they should be allowed to do any fiancial reporting  anymore...

Huh? This happened on their watch and they couldn't prevent it.  Why do u think more government is better?
Hey dummy can't keep blaming the other party.
Gimme a break. Is there anything you #DemoRats don't blame the #GOP for?
Is someone investigating their C-Suiters selling stock before telling us about the problem?
Equifax SHAM impact check! Add Fraud to Negligence.
@AGSchneiderman @cnnbrk If true, big  FRAUD at Equifax. SHAM IMPACT CHECK! Plz investigate and advise ASAP #Equifax  http://social.techcrunch.com/2017/09/08/psa-no-matter-what-you-write-equifax-may-tell-you-youve-been-impacted-by-the-hack/ …
Horrible all those make it impossible get rpts took mo's then never fix endless crap lies on them now giving r info to world, but not us
Well if they need my pin number for cards... it is the last four digits of Pi... Hackers are terrible humans who destroy lives 
Why is a credit reporting agency a publicly traded for profit company? It doesn't serve the public good or interest. Public Policy Matters-
This is the third @databreach for @equifax. Also left focus on the real crime @insidertrading. You better leave the @GOP alone @doyourjob
@Equifax be like, knowing it's protected
Oh you now breaking from the clique and now your own lone wolf. Get it lone wolf...
I thought the @GOP and it's merry band of obese mouth breathing gun routing racists were all about personal freedoms and liberty?
Such an evil company. Always thought so.
How about jailing the Equifax insiders who sold their shares before making the data breach public... YOU NEVER HIT THE MARK.
For profit credit bureaus should be killed.  It's a vile industry with no transparency and no incentive to be fair.
Empathy& compassion R part of my religion Buddhism-no we can all B homeless 4 a decade w/ruined credit&run away from US police. God Bless US
Come on, Senator. Class actions shouldn't be necessary in the first place, and you know it. Stop supporting the corporatocracy.
Be nice if politicians did their jobs and gave people real consumer protection laws instead of playing politics to be elected in 2020
My credit ruined by domestic terror prior 2 Equifax issue&no1 cared-police tortured me: Richmond, VA RE:police brutality&my stolen passport.
I'm so sorry!  Sounds like a living nightmare!  Glad you made it through!  You must be a strong woman!  Hang in there hon!
Go after the ceo's who sold their shares, "insider trading" 
A real peoples candidate would understand that.
Are you an economic strategist now also? Along with being an "injun",.. what other skills do you have except trashing @POTUS and #America?
push for jail time - and demand @Equifax contact all 143 million accounts that were breached.
What the hell? When will these horrific GOP trolls stop trying to destroy our country? 2018 is the beginning. Here we come, GOP. Say goodbye
Has the government ever experienced a data breach? Where's the entity that governs the govt's incompetence?
Sen.Warren every agency we thought was important is being destroyed & a segment of our society supports it, how do you fight this?
Your career is "exhibit a" for why govt fails us. A career in politics and academics with success and no personal repercussions.
Translation: "I don't understand the issues, I just hate Senator Warren for being female and a Democrat and a Senator at the same time."
@CFPB is an unconstitutional nightmare. Just get out of the way.
Riiight, because everything is the fault of the opposing party, and nothing is a product of Congress's institutional failure to provide.
Watch the HBO documentary "Hot Coffee" to learn all you need to know about arbitration.
Boris & Natasha strike again! Quick, Fauxcahontas...call Rocky & Bullwinkle! Maybe Bullwinkle will pull a rabbit out of his hat for you! 

And yet your shitty CFPB didn't do dick to stop this breach.
Thank you!
stfu Pocahontas
I knew you'd be all over this. Thank you!
EXACTLY!!!!  The Consumer Financial PROTECTION Bureau.
@ #congress please stop sucking the cock of special interests. Thank you for allowing this to happen :(
Try spending some time in MA.
I wrote a private tweet saying the same thing. We need the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau more than ever now & it's being undermined
Ugh.they mismanage our data to financial actors, and now have product to help us keep the data accurate?!  Should be paying us per referral!
I completely agree!! So many regulations are because of an event that destroyed lives!
Hey #Fauxcahontas, haven't you read the user agreement? You don't have that right, now! Warren and Politics= Preschoolers and Medicine
These consumer report agencies ought to be banned as they're full of typos and mistakes and with today's Google access, totally obsolete 
Class actions make law firms wealthy.  Maybe a better question is how we can eliminate credit reporting agencies like Equifax all together.
Right on!
Are u fing serious with that assigne tweet
@GeorgeTakei @Equifax @GOP @CFPB amazing. Where is my flag?
Can an person opt out of these credit bureaus? They collect our most personal info without our permission. I need some education.
No, you cannot
Sen. Warren - do you think it's time for the U.S. to consider data protection laws similar to what the European Union & Canada have?
Why are you asking a cartoon character about important issues that she is not close to qualified to answer. Her skill-trashing our @POTUS
Yes!
AMEN!!!!
Their forced arbitration agreement is not applicable to this breach. It's documented as such.
The irony is that the execs will probably be charged while you folks exempt yourself from those laws.

Will SEC prosecute insider trading for execs who sold stock who knew about breach?  What's good for Martha Stewart is good for these folks!
GOP determined 2 keep real workers down. Still waiting for tickle down. My umbrella rotted decades ago. RN 45 yrs Struggling now 403b 
Instead of preventative actions, we go for reactionary ones cause the 25% of America is representing the 100%+
You're gonna have these gridlock shit shows until you get some diversity in congress. 50% at least to see real change.
You're right!
i was involved in att lawsuit, sent me a check for $00.09. not going to spend all of it in one place
Typical liberal instead of going after the hackers, you go after a company that have records comprised. Life for hackers. @realDonaldTrump
Absolutely! Consumer Protections are extremely important!
Check out @AGSchneiderman  response to Equifax statements about arbitration
.... Hearing from you, Senator Warren, keeps me believing all is not lost ....
Rubbish! You took money from Equifax!
Thank you @SenWarren!!!
Once again you aren't up to speed on the facts and are misleading the public on who hacked .
I would like to see as many people as possible join in on class action against trump. PTSD. EXTREME.
Oh there will be a suit. Do not sign the waiver your second time in. The fact you got a registration tells you you are compromised
Waiver on second entry says you won't sue
Fake Pocahontas might have something here depends on her she's been smoking peace pipe was wacky tobaccy in it

Yes, Senator, yes.
Pocahontas heep big a-hole speak with fork tongue
I just found out from Equifax that I may be hacked!
Both @Equifax and the @CFPB are awful.
The @Equifax breach is Exhibit A for why we must stop @GOP from reversing the @CFPB's rule protecting your right to join class actions.
Class action suits only make lawyers rich and don't help people
& The #GOP is exhibit A in why we need to #VoteTheBumsOut18 #Encouragethevote2018 #RetiretheGOP18
we are stopping democrats from winning.We are done with the corruption that seems to come out daily.Your not a good person who cares
has nothing to do with doing away with the CFPB.That was to protect the banks that helped you not the people.Your a corrupt politician
actually, it's Exhibit Z
We must reduce risk in markets and uncertainty in business. New laws for innovating old and creating new business. A block grant, senator?
Excellent thought!!!!
Quite trying to scare people. The @GOP is not trying to stop people from participating in class action suits
O Pocahontas, Nsalu yotuluka m'kamwa mwako, imakhala yopanda nzeru! Bodza!
She wont understand that, too bad nobody stuffed her into the DAPL when they could.
The @Equifax $2M execs stock sale is #1 reason for investigation. the equifaxsecurity2017 website is #1 reason for investigating extortion.
Thank you, Sen Warren for watching our backs & trying to protect us from PREDATORS
Amen My Senator, Sister, Phenomenal Woman!!!
Indeed. And high time we broke these companies up!
. @SenMikeLee @OrrinHatch We need the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau to protect the people of #Utah
CFBP can't do anything until the damage is done? What good are they ?
W/ respect, all ur firethrowing ag #Equifax/#WellsFargo has yielded 0.  Time for radical #blockchain solutions such as @BloomToken
Blockchain is not going to solve the problem of untrustworthy actors by itself.
You tell em!
yes . system needs watchdog element, and a place where everyday consumers can get help. Thank you, Sen Warren
Yessssss
Navajo or Sioux????
What the hell is the @GOP  trying to do to America.? We're beginning to look like a dictatorship. No wonder u backed @realDonaldTrump
Hahaha keep trolling her William 
AND Exhibit B for the reason the #GOP is about to be torn asunder.
How did such a dimwit get voted into the Senate? Seriously, any tavern regular has more common sense
You wish bunny, that you were as smart as Warren on her worst day. Not liking smart women are you bunny...well to bad...too sad..we're here
American's aware of t/Russian Hoax devised by Dems, & t/Race War set up by Dems....lies and corruption is all you have~we will vote you out.
Hey Pokamyass these issues are not correlated. You are connecting dots that do not exist. Trust me I work in risk for a financial.
Agreed
Didn't an executive sell off stock before announcing the breach?  He should be in jail! That would be insider trading.
Bec @POTUS likes visuals, live actual catastrophes are occurring to show the Cheetoh, @GOP and swamp cabinet the error of their ways. Yow!
Why are you making this political when many folks in TX & LA. have enough to deal with from Harvey ? How about helping STOP this data LEAK ?
Just a way for them to get business
What do you think about hackers? What are gov ideas about justice to those breaking laws? Nothing? Hackers laugh as you blame the company.
It's also a perfect argument why anyone - foreign or American -who fraudulently accesses a computer system should receive the death penalty.
Yes or No
Did you know about Equifax security breach before this week ?
If yes, when ?
Why did you not make them WARN folks about this ?!!
It is also a perfect argument why PII, such as a SSN, should be illegal to use as a personal identifier.
I would love to see errant corporations lose their charters and assets for bad behavior, you know like civil forfeiture is used.
Yes. Collapse that company completely. Never can be trusted again.
Worst one. They were #criminal
The Supreme Court has already destroyed the right to join class actions.
That's what you're worried about with breach? How stupid can you be? Wait we already know....Very as you prove every time you open ur mouth!
So a class action against Dems 4 aiding criminal enterprises like Shultz IT tech, illegal voting, encouraging illegal imm? @JoeConchaTV
Shush!
