By cheaters, do you mean one who lies about their race for financial gain? Pay back the na crook
Keep @CFPB
And all they have done was kill business and restrict people's access to useful products
Keep fighting.
when you start holding cheating DEMOCRATS & POLITICIANS accountable then we'll listen, otherwise yr just a windbag
Is this a plea to be credible?  Too late. You're exposed as a trouble maker and hater.
Please run in 2020 #madampresident
Perhaps there should be an audit of your campaign coffers. Making $1051 car pmts to Ford credit from campaign is a no-no fauxahontas!!!!!!!
Or to make it so people don't have to take responsibility for running up credit debt taking loans they know they can't pay. Then cry victim
HOLD CHEATERS ACCOUNTABLE? I'M IN STITCHES, #FAUXCAHONTAS
Is HRC anywhere on your lists of cheats?  Just asking.


It’s time the rogue CFPB, an unchecked agency, was stopped from putting special interests above consumers. http://spkrryan.us/2gY0icx 
I want to hold cheaters accountable also. Would you take a DNA test to prove you are Native American and that you didn't cheat the system?
If the "Swamp Queen" supports it, it's got to be against the working people
Socia list takeover that's her goal
And has completely humiliated massachsetts
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
And thank goodness for all your hard work, Ms. Warren. I appreciate all you do on our behalf!
n u got by ?¿¿
Thanks for protecting us from predatory lending and payday loan abuse.
Where's the money going ?
No oversight.  No funding oversight.  A layer we don't need
54 replies lmao your old news get your rich ass out of Washington DC you been stealing our tax dollars for years byebye

What about a lie about  ancestry to fraudulently obtaining a taxpayer funded job? Will such a Cheater be held accountable? #pocahontas
When do you plan on holding scholarship and grant cheaters accountable? Asking for a friend.
Why don't you care to find a way to hold IRS accountable for "bureaucracy run amuck"? #draintheswamp

Long may the CFPB exist
#BankFraudBernie
Like u ???

CFPB is simply another governmental stifling bureaucracy.
The big trick is to B a liar in the Senate and still be there. We both think liars are scumbags, right Liz? Expose them. Startwith this one.
But can you keep the powers that be from derailing it?
Actually it has 3 missions.  You forgot to grow the size of federal government and help consolidate your power base...just sayin'
@cfpb helped me and my mother resolve issues that were extremely important. Wouldn't have been dealt with otherwise.
They are Bums is true!
Like illegal aliens and welfare phonys.
And when will u be held accountable for lying and cheating about your heritage for political gain Pocahontas
Keep up the good fight for the Native Americans - you know your people (NOT)

Hope you have a few more years in you to undue all this administration has done so far.
And you're one of them Elizabeth Warren
Just like that bill you told Hillary not to pass in the 90s, then lobbyists made her pass and you STILL endorsed her - you are a fraud!
cheaters accountable yeak OooooK american native indian
Pls start with Trump and heis the Swamp with crusty crab group!
We are with you'll all the way we just a tweet away
And we can all thank Bill Clinton for his Antics and the reason why we had to put this in place
Keep fighting
I'm mixed on the @cfpb because it has no oversight and is often inconsistent in its rulings. It is hard to understand the rules.
Don't cheat consumers. Simple
Tell that to all the lenders/realtor still using MSAs
And we love you for it!! No let up #Resistance
Thank you Senator, for your work on this!
Warren is corrupt and endorsed Hillary
Does that mean hold Hillary to ?
As long as its ONLY tricks & traps and does not create obstacles to legitimate transactions.. Too much or too little regulation costs money
Cheaters like you?
