You do realize gender dysphoria is a diagnosed medical disorder with a high comorbidity?  I guess not.
You do realize that this kind of blatant discrimination increases the rate of things like depression and anxiety in trans ppl, right?
So, what about the people who pass their psych evaluations? Who are deemed to not have depression or anxiety? Why deny them the chance?
Are you implying that trans people are all physically disabled?
I'm asking- how does being trans make someone incapable of serving if they pass all tests and meet all criteria?
Please explain how this makes us less safe. Because it doesn't
Why ? Exactly, but I bet we won't get an answer!
Hurting someone's feelings doesn't make us less safe.
oh, can you not read? I'm so sorry. Because that's not what the (very obvious and correct) explanation said at all
I mean that's the thing. If you can't see how removing personnel from the military for no legitimate reason might make us less safe...
How many transgender ppl are currently serving in the military? I'll bet it's less than 2%. Not enough to affect our military.
Less safe?! Shameful?! What kind of grown woman says this sorta idiotic stuff. People like you Warren make us less safe. #MAGA
This is Americas #1 Vile toxic woman when in heck did she serve in the US Military? The dems. live to inflame hate & anarchy!
When did @realDonaldTrump serve? (FYI anarchy is a right-wing ideology)
Anarchy is neither right or left. It's an ideology in and of itself. It's transpolitical if you will, but not transformative in definition
No anarchy is the pure right, tyranny is the pure left. If Democrats are communists, then Republicans are anarchists.
I asked You where you came from because if you knew American History you would know that the Democratic party never stood for the people!
The OLD Democratic party, back when, you know, they were the party of small government, the South, and the KKK.
The NEW Democratic party is the party of FDR, LBJ, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Civil Rights, etc.
It's all about reversing another POB action.
How does it make us less safe, Pocahontas liar?
Is it not obvious the fake guy ran his campaign on lies. His cult followers need to wake up and take notice
Sen. Warren, Do you think Trump banned trans military due to his hands being tied over Russian sanctions? Trump does like to retaliate.
Yeah and claiming to be American Native to get grants is shameful, too!
What happens to those that currently serving?   This is a disgrace!
Its just another way for Trump to show how muc he does not support our country.
There are 2 genders,no matter what you on the #LunaticLeft think.I identify as a Senator from MA so I'll be casting your votes #Fauxcahontas
Not just that, Senator, but banning transgender military members means they will be discharged. That leaves my wife w/out a job, my children
without healthcare (one is autistic), and all four of us without a home. This policy is devastating for my family. We have no where to go.
Your agenda is the bigger danger, dear lady. Paid back my tax dollars for that college money yet?
All Trump and the GOP does is make us less safe. DNC is flawed but the GOP is actively trying to kill me and my family.
Idiot
Telling the Truth?? And fear for life on a daily basis, sounds like you're delusional and  paranoid...
Apparently you missed the memo where he discussed this issue with his Generals.Yes Warren, this was a military issue. Lots of reason to deny
Our President and I use that term loosely is a disgrace to this country!
I am so sick of prejudice whether it is based on color, sex,religion

Again, Quoting Goldwater on behalf of #TheResistance
this is like the Twilight Zone
#Indivisible #ProtectServeEducate #Resist #ImpeachTrump
It's also illegal according to the Constitution
You can't identify as the opposite sex anymore than you can identify as a Native American.
How do you figure? Really, must you always be so predictable?
You haven't the foggiest clue what you are talking about. The armed forces are about defense of the Constitution, not progressive posturing.
Defending human rights *is* defending Constitution. Discrimination due to fear&hate is anti-USA. USA has gotten better when more progressive
It has nothing to do with fear & hate. I do not want tax $ spent on their transitions in any shape or form. This country has other needs.
Exactly. I didn't run away to join the circus. Life on ships & in the desert is stressful enough without addition of psycho-social friction.
"Psycho-social friction" is just modern version of 19th century thought. Same justification used against African-Americans, women & gays.
This man fought for America. What have you done?
Me? Eagle Scout. Veteran supported Desert Storm. Now science research &  setting up nonprofit for disabled. Not much. But my service doesn't
mean I have more voice/tweet compared to others. That's why I served in mil and continue 2 serve community today. Citizenship is no contest.
I trust the judgement of our military leaders.  Not a lyin Senator.
Military leaders were fine with LGBT (which includes Trans). President is the one who is lying, as usual.
Transgender confusion has no place on the battlefield.  This thread:
I served in Iraq in 2006. For the first five months I was on a 12 man firebase out in the middle of nowhere in the desert.
So in the military you're supposed to be working as a team so what team were they really playing for LOL
Pocahontas doesn't really care about anyone in the military, trans or not. It's an agenda that keeps certain voters on the lefts side.
And yet Trump family is under investigation  I don't know who's stupider the Reps for allowing this crap or sessions for not stopping it
You asked what "team" transgender soldiers on. America. You, on the other hand, are supporting obstruction of justice & treason w/ Russians.
Listen ...ppl with flat feet are barred because of the health costs...tax PAYERS dont deserve to pay to CHANGE a gender ...thats it FOOL
@UnderCoverLeft @realDonaldTrump there are only two genders male and female. You are sick for wanting to create more
You know that transgender people aren't creating new genders? They are just switching.
until they identify as something else.
That's not transgender then is it?
take your sick beliefs and go away.
You make me laugh @SenWarren
Go back and hide
This does not make us less safe- please sen warren stop your bs banter!! You're an embarrassment to my government
So people with male genitalia shower with women. Just because they "identity as a woman" that is disgusting. And it goes both ways.

Coming from Fauxcahontas?
"Generals and military experts" = old, them-phobic, "straight," white men, Trump included, uncomfortable with their own ignorance.
No, a lot of them were African American ! It's true ! Check it out
So then... old, them-phobic, "straight," men, uncomfortable with their own ignorance. Got it.
Wow...how about just " people". Why do you need 300 words to describe yourself or other people. Trans-morphic-phobo doofus-dorko dingus- etc
It absolutely does NOT make us less safe. More fear mongering. Baseless claim sen warren. Back up your statements or keep them to yourself
How is that? Please answer without bs rhetoric!
Mental illness
This is why President Trump was elected & Dems are going down! Think smarter. If your brain can't figure this out, YOU make us less safe!
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD EXPLAIN EXACTLY HOW THIS MAKES US LESS SAFE. WE ARE WAITING CHIEF WACKAPOO.
I would like to know how the transgender soldiers currently serving have been a burden and distraction to the military community.
the cost of their procedure is one
Thanks for standing up Senator Warren.
Of course its not. Its deflection pure and simple. Get folk raging to lose focus. Despicable
Exactly! I am sure Trump is reveling in the fact that his one tweet has blown up the internet! Deflection away from healthcare.
I know, he's so masterful. You are his puppets !
You're delusional, Trump is masterful in the art of being Don The Con!
Let's see we have to ban ppl from the military if they have diabetes, flat feet, stomach ulcers, mental matters, heart problems etc.. too
There are only two genders male and female get over it
#tapwater
Too many complications on the battlefield with transgender surgery plus a lot of ppl just join the military b/c the surgery is free.
Excellent point
Have you ever been on an aircraft carrier @SenWarren?  Have you seen the sleeping/bathroom arrangements?
Try again.
Why the name calling @PaintMyBrushINK?  Do you think trans will shit in front of everybody else too?  Or need their own bathrooms?
U have proven @SenWarren wrong in 3 tweets.  The world is not more safe with 'your people' in the military if they are like you.  #Lunatic
Excuse ma'am, but it makes us more safe. Troops need to focus on the mission not on who needs what accommodation.
You know our military is extremely capable, right? It's not like generals are taking time to hand out meds themselves.
It's not about the generals or meds. It's about deployment readiness. Read the studies.
Sure. I have a question. Do you really think anyone who volunteers is going to hold up a mission for their hormones?
Every one need to be there for their teams not the other way around. Very complicated. Once the transition completed is different.
Ok, let me lay my thoughts out for you both plainly. I don't think someone being trans is actually going to affect how they perform.
and you have the right to your opinion but, again, by your own admission, you're non-military. I am. Combat vet.
Which is why I did ask questions, but I feel like you're working under the assumption that trans people mentally cannot cope.
Senator, point to a real life scenario where transgender troops are necessary.
Are you serious? Make us less safe?
Keeping qualified individuals out of the military makes for a less effective military
Get him out of there. This isnt funny. He is insane. Please, do something. He is destroying everything the USA stands for. I am sick. Numb.
Hey @KarenB4U2 . This was an especially difficult day, wasn't it. They'll get him. He's feeling cornered now. #Resist 
Extremely difficult day! Yes....he is in panic mode! Hopefully he feels like the trapped rat he is! #Resistance 
Yes! This can't go on for ever, but IT DOES FEEL like it. I moved you up in the cancellation list, u know just in case ;) 
Thanks! LOL I got your back! 
Ty u comrade;) 
Don't you have a Tee Pee to attend to? #pocahontas
Lol, I really hope you are Trump's opponent in the next election. That will be hilarious!!! Not to mention a win for Trump. #MAGA
#warren2020

Libby, you make this country less safe with your rhetoric and divisive mentality
Should have been done a long time ago
Another great move by @POTUS thanks for really understanding that we don't need no stupid destructions in our great military
Thanks to EVERYONE who protects us while we sleep...
The Military (American Taxpayers) should not have to medically support the specific transgender medical needs
Senator Warren just bc you state a lie over and over, doesn't make it the truth. Makes us less safe how????
Throw out some worthless rhetoric
And it's an insult to our fellow Americans.
Not
Oh yeah, U.S. feels REAL safe with the most confused of our nation! Stupid is not attractive "senator"!
He never said that they can't go into the military he said they can go into the military after their operation
 and it's just another distraction!
Stop w/identity politics! You will have to guve an explanation on how it makes us less safe.  I bet NK & Iran don't give a crap!!!
No it doesn't Pocahontas, transgendered are mentally ill and shouldn't be anywhere near firearms and explosives,keep are military safe!!
How about spending the trany treatment money on the VA and injured military
How does this make us less safe?  Quit trying for a sound bite and try to make some sense.
First off there's only 2 genders,.2nd we don't need people confused about their sex being involved in serious situations. 3rd no talkin USSR
Entertaining, coming from a lady who thinks she's Native American
Yes!!!! Not having trans people in military will cripple the US military! We'll probably lose every war now! Should probably just surrender!
This group makes America unsafe.
Trump is diverting the Russia issue. If Transgenders want to fight 4 our country let them. Not ask straight people are cut for military.
Waiting with high anticipation on your answer as to why it makes us less safe chief.
so says libahontas who has never served in the military or know what combat entails! soldiers dont want frieks in their ranks!
Speaking of which, Elizabeth Warren, it's time you come out of the closet…
This is WHY transgenders ARE making our military LESS safe https://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/AFSP-Williams-Suicide-Report-Final.pdf …
W/ this, Trump has revealed—BEYOND ANY DOUBT—he puts the interests of America's ENEMIES above those of its CITIZENS.
AND Trump reveals he serves the interests of North Korea, Russia, etc. OVER the safety of all US citizens, both Rep and Dem Americans alike. https://twitter.com/tedlieu/status/890250895497326592 …
@SenWarren reading comprehension off a tad there sweetie?? That's not what @realDonaldTrump said--it's about finances and only finances!
Riiiiight.
What in the hell do you know about the military? This decision was based on recommendations from military leadership who I trust, not you.
Also a scary slippery slope to wider bans. With cost as (ridiculous) reason, are women and their pregnancy/childbirth/b-control needs next?
Draft dodger inhibiting brave souls willing to volunteer to die for this nation merely to gel his support among assholes
Under the Military Code of Conduct @realDonaldTrump would've been relieved of duty already
Fauxcahontas is certainly an expert on pretending, isn't she?
The issue is not their service. The issue is,  do we pay for elective surgery for anyone who wants it?
I am more confused on how you are still a Senator than how "transgenders" are about genetics and anatomy.  Keep our military focused! #MAGA
He wts to undo everything Obama did. Next, #ManChildTrump will wt to resurrect Bin Laden so he can give order to hunt him down #ImpeachTrump
When a man rushes at you wearing high heels and a dress is that disarming?
Thank you, Elizabeth, for your extremely important work!
OMG...seriously...If you do not like it fine I get it, but less safe???? Every issue is overly dramatic with the left.
Military's official statement on this is "ask the White House"
He needs one of these, like...NOW! Full frontal lobotomy
Well thankfully Warren you're not in charge!
If it was a military decision, why didn't he talk to the Generals before implementing it?
First he came for the Mexicans, then he came for the Muslims, then he came for the immigrants, then he came for the Transgendered... #resist
He came for the ILLEGAL immigrants. Big difference.  Also he isn't coming for the trannies by keeping them out of the military.
Not on my tax dollar.  #MAGA
Trump spends more money golfing on your tax dollar than it takes to pay transgender troops to protect your spoiled self.
@POTUS' anti-trans BS is meant to woo the bigots he pissed off by throwing Sessions under the bus. He will sell out anyone to save his hide.
Oh..due to your years of military service huh?  How the fuck do you know what we want?  We love this decision!!!
How does it make us unsafe? Please tell the American people that pay your Salary and making you a very rich woman.
There is no good reason to deny anyone a chance to be in the Armed Forces. Personally I would not want to be, but I respect those who do.
Stop with the "makes us unsafe" crap. Decisions get made you don't like, deal with it.
It's no big deal considering the minute amount of people it affects. There are more important issues. Like health care.
I identify as a dragon  can I enlist?
Having Trump as president makes us less safe.
just shows you would spend money without any cost basis. Sometimes the cost is to high.
Sorry But what wud you know about serving in military and whats good for them. You cut money from Military and VA every chance you had.
You are so silly!  Do you really believe this!
Screw u Liz. Just what the military needs,some confused person trying to figure out what sex they are. Please go away. Ur done 2018.
It's military. Main purpose- to kill. Not explore inner self. You have RuPaul drags for that
Once again, #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump offers a #distraction to get focus off #BCRA #BatshitCrazyRepublicanAtrocity #Trumpcare #Resist
You're correct Senator. It's typical Cheeto deflection. It's food for his Deplorables. #DumpTrump
Recruiting troops based on gender identity should not be a military concern, not to mention there are health and logistical risks associated
Military is no place for a social projects. Pocahontas would never enter the military and no one would want her there.
you've led a lot of troops?  Have a lot of experience in this area?
There is a portion of the population, lacking common sense and understanding to seriously buy into this punchline.  You know not discipline.
Thank god you're not our commander in chief !

A distraction from #Russiagate
This coming from someone pretending to be a minority. Obviously pandering to fringe wierdos is your answer to your lack of popularity
YES IT IS! AND GRATEFULLY MOST OF AMERICA IS STARTING TO SEE TRUTH ABOUT TRUMP, A VERY SLOW HORSE! BUTCOMING ROUND!
Hey @SenWarren ,decide what your going to be today, a Pocahontas or a white woman 
Where is Debbi Wasserman Schultz IT guy?
U need mental help. I'm sure ur elitist healthcare plan that we don't get can help you out a lot.

#TermLimits 
#resign
So you were at the front lines?
When you lie about your own identity @senwarren you really have no place to talk.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inIoTXmmJuI …
This may ruffle some feathers but oh well: transgenderism is a mental disorder.  The military does not have time for mental issues.  #MAGA
Isn't this also unconstitutional?
If someone is willing to even question Gods decisions on their gender, what stops them from questioning orders to defend our country? #MAGA!
Please run for pres in 2020! With Bernie as VP!
Oh God yes please!!! A Warren/bankfraudBernie ticket would be the ultimate death of the Democrats.
You have no idea what you are talking about.
And the extensive medical treatments, time on medically restricted duty renders them unable to.
Just when I thought you couldn't say anything more stupid you say this. Please explain how this makes us less safe?
What Trump just did was unacceptable and it was a slap in the face to the LGBTQ community including our founding fathers.
Transgenders were banned from enlisting for 7 of Obama's 8 years.
A man with a mutilated penis can't be worried about our safety while he tries to keep his fake vagina from closing back.

Nothing at all to do w/ concern for US military, He knows there's a group that will blindly hate and then blindly follow. Threw them a bone
LIAR!!!!
Liz, do you ever engage your brain before you speak.  The chicken little act of you & Dems is really unbecoming & looks petulant. embarrasng
Umm the military is not a place for social experiments. It's for defense/offense of country and assets world wide.
Transgenders in the military > @POTUS.
Because of the operation being so stressful
Costing us in Healthcare? I thought we were all gonna have terrific healthcare?!!
We all know this is not a military decision he did not discuss anything with any general because he's lazy and incompetent
Trump can't whitewash this decision because it's clear for ALL to see this is "Discrimination"
And you won't see any of his family stepping up to serve. That's #BelowTrumpsMeans to help country or others!
#TheManHasGotToGoNow
Hey Pocatontis.  Let them pick their gender first, get their surgery on their own dime not the taxpayers... then apply for the military
Another politicians who will not be re-elected.
Shut up Pocahontas!!
If you can't tell what sex you are you have no business in the military. Elections have consequences, fauxcahontas.
I know but they done it it's wrong God knows you very strong American great leader keep hanging we keep protesting
Yes Senator, explain how this makes us less safe!
Liz-has nothing whatsoever to do with making us less safe-is that your message-u have no message-as usual-you're a radical loser
