It's called #TrumpNoCare
Donald does NOT care & he's happy to rip healthcare out of the hands of millions of vulnerable Americans.
He's more than Happy he's Determined 2Rip Healthcare from anyone who cannot afford to buy their own. The Oligarchs in have been pushing it
God forbid they get separated from their sweet cash!
Wonder who they will make from when our Salaries continue to be stagnant & we can't afford to purchase their 
Let us repeat, the Ocare that you fools forced on us deprived many of any healthcare at all with 7000 to 10000 deductibles =card but no care
Yeah, so you know, we should have universal healthcare. Cheaper with similar outcomes and longer life expectancy.
Never gonna be cheaper that’s simply not http://true.Best  way to help every American is with a healthy economy and edu for jobs.
Except that Healthcare is super expensive in the USA and education is expensive as well. Oh well, free market will...make it worse.
No free market always makes lives better.Throwing at edu has never helped.Strengthen fams with Dads and Moms BOTH raising/helping works
The free market is why we are in the situation we are in. It is also what caused the recession.
No, the politicians sending our bus overseas and investing in cheap costs overseas is our problem.We need competitive rates for bus s here.
Then you should be perfectly fine with a public Option. Having a government plan that allows people to buy into it would be great.
Don't the lied to Trump working & needy supporters realize they are about to lose healthcare and other benefits to elderly, children etc ?
@Missy50hk1 @SenateGOP  Agree but D's have to focus on saving ACA. Can't turn ACA into Single Payer.
#Med4All will remove insurance overhead + profit motive from health; like 35 countries, better than USA!
You're not my senator but I will ask of you...IMPEACH that MORON before he totally destroys our country!!!!
Excuse me liarwatha, you mean  millions of illegal aliens & your beloved refu-jihadis. Easy to preach when U have a Cadillac health plan.
Not much different from the original bill except this time they will probably get it done. Schumer & Pelosi be careful.
I can't fathom their level of either stupidity or just plain evil for these shitty ass plans.  When did they go off the rails so severely?
I honestly think it's just plain evil. Love of money being the root of it.
Absolutely

@mommacq @SenWarren Thank you for spreading the word. #Resist
The person that is in the White House right now doesn't care about anyone but his self
God help us
What about the budget, Elizabeth?
Here we go again. American people do not deserve this uncertainty and chaos. This is what a Republican controlled government does. Upheaval.
I am not surprised with the back door methods the GOP are using.  Thank you for continuing to fight for all Americans.
These are my family members that they want to kill with Trump care 
We don't want welfare system so get it right otherwise potus will win 2020
Senator many Twitter People are trying to make us believe the Bill won't Pass. What do you say to them? They need to wake up and Speak out
ACA may not be perfect, cuz no one or no one thing is , but it sure didn't condemn millions to die. Take ur head out of the sand.
Enough with these goofy twitter tirades! I can't stand them! Resign as senator and let @SenScottBrown take his seat back! #bettyexposes
By the same token (goofy Twitter tirades) you should be asking the president to resign .
Yes because a lunatic liberal like you really wants mike pence to be the president. Let that one sink in...
No, we have a place for him with Trump...
Well the Vice President hasn't done anything illegal, nor has trump, so really, I don't see how they could be incarcerated
Why is this still a conversation? NO ONE except those in the GOP support it, the majority of US Citizens  DO NOT!
Because we don't get a vote on it. But you're right. Talking about it won't help.We need to take action & remind Congress WE employ them.
I think we need to fire some of our poor performing employees!
Some!?! I'm thinking many.
Even if this isn't u it may 1day b your child, grandchild or your 58 yr old parent who's ill & cant wrk. Call Sen offices on Mon till 30th
So sick of living in limbo. Will I have health care? Will they take it away? This is no way to live. Our gov is supposed to be 4 the people.
Your health is what you pay for,not what you expect of me[taxpayer]!
Hope it's the millions who voted for him
Bul#%^t and U know it Drain the Swamp
Got to organize the party and get people to vote Elizabeth
I really Hope not. Hubby is retired military and thankfully we don't have to worry about healthcare. Wish this for everyone
Thanks to your husband for his service! Thank you for your sacrifices along the way as well!
Thank you!!!
Sorry about that. That was a pocket dialed tweet. I wasn't having a stroke.
I thought it was in the minion language.

Follow SENATOR WARREN ADVICE NO ON THIS WHIC IS tRUMPCARE.      
Let me repeat: Choosing not to purchase health INSURANCE is not having health INSURANCE "ripped" away from you.
Mandatory coverage is what makes covering pre-existing conditions feasible. You're throwing sick people under the bus.
If I crashed my car do you think I could just roll up to state farm and get some car insurance because my car has a "pre existing condition"
I'm the type to care about economics and logic and understand how free markets work best for a free people.
The free market has had decades to work on our health care, and has failed.
Its failed because of government intervention, not the free market......
The kind of intervention that says they have to actually give you something for your premiums. Smh
#KillTheBill
Instead of b1ching about what is wrong with it, maybe help come up with a better solution.
this bill takes all money away from planned parenthood?  Talk about unwanted pregnancies, there will be more
Will McCain Murkowski and Collins vote against?
Stay on them Elizabeth,yourour voice.
ACA failed and you lied about it. Stop the hypocrisy.Why u did not fix it? Tax the working pple and give the freebees to pple that don't.
How can we stop the madness? The majority of Americans want ACA. Tell the #GOP to stop
Nooo the majority of Americans do NOT want Obamacare! It is beyond a disaster! It only "works" for those that don't have to pay for it!
We have paid into insurance all of our life, didn't use it. That money went for others. Now I need it. I now have pre-existing cond.
Known fact that POTUS wants to keep the provision of pre-existing conditions with any "replace" option. And hopefully nix mandate as well!
Thank you, Senator. God bless you and your advocacy on behalf of those of us not swimming in money.
They are the protected class and swimming in money! How can you be so gullible?
Only 10.4 million on Obamacare! Most were people that bought it to keep from paying the fine. Now, practically no one can afford it.
Let's leave Obamacare as is and make sure every politician has Obama Care as their own coverage .paid for out of pocket. See all better now
Graham/Cassidy raises rates at any time doesn't cover pre-exist or kids born w issues. Call your Sen it worked b4 thous called it matters 1)
I automatically do the opposite of whatever you say.
because you cannot think on your own, so you just do the opposite of those you don't understand.
You're talking about yourself now. You let CNN, NYT, etc. think for you. You caan't understand any truths. 
Saying Rip away is a lie it's opt out
Which throws people with pre-existing conditions under the bus. Guess what - we'll all have pre-existing conditions sooner or later.
This is terrifying, because of pre-existing conditions, how would I afford my meds, etc? I won't be able to get them. I would suffer n die.
That won't happen because if you go broke you qualify for Medicaid or in the case of disability or old age Medicare and Medicaid
No, Medicaid kicks in based on income, not how broke you are from medical bills.
No shit so if you have the income or assets you can pay if not Medicaid pays
But if all your income goes to medical bills...
Then your probably not working, right? It's a straw man. Sick broke people get help if they advocate for themselves.
Republicans will come up with a plan giving more Americans less expensive healthcare. To get good health care, we need the private sector.
Mr. Moss you are clearly a good man.  I am so sorry for the loss of your son.  I must ask how did you believe #DonaldTrump?  I would like to understand.
Stop screaming fire in closed space! This is typical of those wishing to, or have already lit the match and are pouring more gasoline...
At least you've moved on from saying, "People will die!" @reason
Beware: GOP & Big In$urance will make the case: FUTURE pregnancy is a pre-existing condition since women carry all of their eggs from birth
I faxed my senators to vote NO! You can too! Just text RESIST to 50409 and follow instructions!
Welcome to the revolution snowflake!!!!
Thanks for the compliment! Snowflakes are beautiful!! And a blizzard is coming!! I'd rather be a snowflake  than a drip Trump supporter!

Fix Obamacare now!
LIKE ALL #NAZIS #NAZIGOP DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO WRITE ANYTHING BUT #DEATHBILLS
They hate America
"..these truths to be self evident..ALL created equal" Mr. Graham obviously believes SOME are MORE EQUAL...HIS healthcare is not an issue...
Neither is @SenWarren , since no healthcare law seems to apply to the privileged few in the Senate or House
Why do we have to repeat this? America DOES NOT WANT TO CHANGE THE HEALTHCARE WE HAVE EXCEPT TO IMPROVE IT! Not cut it!
LOL yes it is. Do you not know how laws work?
Oh, you're one of those idiots who doesn't think you need health insurance because nothing bad will ever happen to you.

Never mind
Aw. You think you'll be better off and able to get decent insurance under this tire fire of a law.

How cute.
Under Congress' own health care plan, will members face severe increases in premiums for pre-existing conditions? I'd like the GOP to reply.

We get it!  Pay-back will come @ mid-terms & 2020 for GOP.  You might encourage the most egregious offenders to get their CVs updated.
Let me repeat do not conflate ripped out with opt out because it sucks.

Many of the victims of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma have lost everything. The Gop want to take away their Healthcare too.
It's OBAMACARE LITE & we don't want it either! DEMS & RINOs complicit! O-care ripped insurance from millions, Dems PRETEND it didn't. LIARS!
Thank you.  We just got to hope it dies not make it!!!!

Commies
Bullshit.  Most of them will CHOOSE not to buy it and then ppl like me paying 1000 MO can pick their own doctor again.  NOBODY takes my card
http://www.investors.com/politics/commentary/u-s-shouldnt-copy-u-k-s-collapsing-single-payer-health-care-system/ … so this is the solution you are trying to force on us? No thanks Ration Healthcare
Still a lie
The gop won't stop trying to hurt the sick and elderly for out of greed,we can't stop fighting them.
Like Obamacare did! Your just upset liberal socialist will lose their sugar daddy.
You warned us in the summer. You said like a zombie, it would rise again. This is holding US lives hostage-abusive.


You mean the Healthcare that has deductibles so high that you will never use the insurance....that Healthcare?
#GrahamCassidy NO! Don't take away our health care!
Majority Americans DON'T BELIEVE anything you Progressives i.e. "Communist" say!
You call the 30+% deplorables, the majority? You must be a delusioned deplorable!
Please stop them
If Dems weren't so corrupt we could've had single payer when BHO was POTUS but he was corrupt like rest.  can't wait 4 pitchforks 2 come out
No it won't. Don't pretend. People like me are one of those millions insured by Obamacare that was already insured before that

Trump don't care. White men hate the poor and the sick, or anyone who is not wealthy.
Oh puhlease! That is not true and I think you know it. RME!
Yes!
Warren, you didn't care about us when Obama lie to us about "you can keep your plan & you can keep your doctor" knowing that it was a lie.
Pocohantus speaks! Snake with forked tongue?
Tell us how. We need to know.
What about the millions and millions and millions that Obummer care FAILED in epic fashion. Dont lie and say it didnt!!!
Do something beside whine on Twitter. Where is your counter? Is whining a victory of sorts? Ppl will go without, draft a counter!!
People should work for healthcare or do without it. Nothing is free in life. Someone will pay for the other person not paying. That hurts us
#NeverTrumpHillaryism #NeverACAorAHCA #SinglePayerNow 33Million Americans Still Don't Have Health Insurance http://53eig.ht/1Mv4fes  #TheBern
Thank you for your vigilance and dedication. It's so easy to feel so numb, and think no one cares. That you care so much is huge.
I'll take the ACA over Trumpcare any day.
But the fact that those were the only 2 choices is how they've played us. Both help corporations MUCH more than citizens.
This bill must fail.
Show me the millions, where are u getting these numbers
Health insurance with usurious fees will no longer be compulsory? Say it ain't so, Pocahontas. Say it ain't so. 
THEY DON'T CARE! America needs to wake up and take their heads from under their seats. The GOP could care less about the American people.
We know they care nothing for people, but we also know the GOP doesn't have the simplest understanding of economics.
Oh be quiet already
The Portuguese model for drugs would give us enough money to insure everyone.
Then Please Stop Pushing Single Payer. WIN the Midterms. Don't give  Willfully Ignorant Mis-Messaged Right Wing fodder to call "Socialism"
Ask any senior you know if they would like to give up Medicare. Not one I know, including me, would. It works for seniors; it will for all.
I would, it's the worse health care I've had in my lifetime!
Mine's been great. Sorry to hear you've has problems.
Your analysis is flawed
Here's link to contact info/talking pts/script to call senators to oppose #GrahamCassidy http://www.factpower.org/calltoactionhealthcare.html …
You don't care about us. Quit pretending. Leave us alone you sellout. Go back to your lectures on BS. We don't need you. We see through you.
No response from @SenGillibrand so I'll ask you. Who is your health care provider ?
Follow this to counter this terrible bill. Call, call, call!
No!
You "rip" on my nerves.
Cow leading cows. Wake up. Keep voting out Democrats
As opposed to ripping my plan and 70 million others away in 2010, when the Socialists adopted Obamacare? Keep your plan, keep your Doctor 
Thanks for speaking up and keeping it real.
Retweet over and over

How can I can I help your re-election campaign. And please help us with heat assistance?
This sums up the Trump presidency nicely!
So, come up with something better... something realistic... something that won't bankrupt us. #betyoucant
Senator's contact info https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
Like ACA did when it passed.
@SenateGOP needs to be aware that we READ!And we WILL be calling. Copy and paste doesn't cut it boys and girls!
I wish someone would stop calling this crap health care. It is but a destruction. #saveACA. A legit pres can work to fix it.
Totally agree with you George! We're having a FAKE Pres..nothing done in 10 months..just talked,destruction..so on so on..#SHAMEFUL!
What kind of healthcare do you have, Lizzy?
It doesn't rip healthcare away. Go and buy insurance. It's not the government's responsibility.
I believe that it is. You're certainly pompous and obnoxious tho.. kudos for the stalk
Neither pompous or obnoxious, I'm a hard working tax payer that doesn't want to pay for someone else's insurance.
So vote and deal with it. I personally don't give a shit what you want
You want government to take care of all your personal problems and I don't want to pay for it.
Get lost!
What a #liar. Liz thinks choice is bad thing. She wants government to control your healthcare  and your life. Socialism is Communism.
@marcorubio <-Time 4 U 2 listen 2 FL voters finally NO Graham-Cassidy CARE!
Fix ACA instead 2 cover all &do it right!
Will rip away health care they were forced to buy and they can't afford! GET IT RIGHT! Typical dem slurring their speech.
And what can we do? We call, write, protest. Nothing works. Four Yeats of this crap and were all going to be dead anyway.
Please excuse all the errors. I'm so mad I apparently can't see to type. I know it's we're and years.
Let Me Repeat: That The @LindseyGrahamSC-@BillCassidy @GOP Healthcare Bill Would Leave #US For #DEAD Like They've Always Wanted! @TheHill
Like I Said @ChrisLHayes, The #Graham-#Cassidy 'Healthcare' Bill Would Leave #US For #DEAD, In The DIRT! @McConnellPress! @SpeakerRyan!
#TheResistance has your back, Senator. We will win this.
Of course it will. That's what GOP wants to do
Go sit in your TP
So #ALERTS we #Americans w/ @SenWarren @SenateDems #Protect #ACA #SaveACA #ObamaCare vs #TrumpCare #GrahamCassidy #CassidyGraham @SenateGOP
No O care did that!
You lie & your wrong! Just like u were when "Affordable" We will read it later came along! Dirt bag corrupt liar! Whtever u pass u go on.
"Let me repeat", would that be because no one heard you first time OR because no one cared?
Yep.
Millions are losing health care every day with Obamacare
@SenateDems, the @SenateGOP gut pre-existing, ppl die. Denials, death.  Ins co's profit, ppl die. Tax cuts for 1%. Of corp, by corp, 4 corp.
Sounds like a no care bill.
Fight, fight, fight this cruel bill! #KeepACA!
That dont work
In Massachusetts, taxpayers pay for freeloaders that have better healthcare than those paying!
If they cute out pre existing. Their done!
Really? Soo tired of the scare tactics. You forgot to mention the 30+ million that will be without it if the ACA continues as it is.
They aren't listening to us, they will pass what they want and don't care who they screw! As long as it's not them!
Vote them out!  That's the only solution. Spiderman has now turned into Venom and is now  abusing his powers.  We got to be MJ and remind
As in affordable education and health care with reasonable concessions..go Elizabeth
Too many lobbyists in their pockets!
Let me repeat: Health insurance has been ripping health care away from the American people for a half-century. #AbolishHealthInsurance
There should not be ANY govt controlled health care, with people like you in charge of it
It will pass too.  . Sorry leaches, now you will have to get a damn job!
You have any better ideas
That's right.  is  not matter what you call it.
You're on auto response. Anything that equals health insurance change is evil, correct?
Bullshit.  What was Obama care to the ppl who work and pay taxes?  You have no idea how health care works because you don't need it.
Same old stuff with a new name.Is that the limit of their legislative skills? Determined to give the rich a tax cut...no matter how.
Gop you vote to deprive millions of citizens healthcare and We will RISE and vote you OUT!
You know hospitals emergency rooms DO NOT DENI Medical Care with or Without Insurance. Those who could not pay for any reason still got it.
Instead of presenting BernieCare why weren't you working on saving #ACA? You need to go.
The deceivers of the people are leading the people away from revolution.
Healthcare is a right! Do the right thing @RandPaul .
Good!
They abuse the taxes blue states pay by giving us a small portion back to compensate for red states dependence on Fed funds. U voted for him
Should b called trump care. Just like they call ACA Obama care
"lEt Me RePeAt...."
WTF is wrong w the Repugnantcons? They're obviously miserable people who want us all to miserable as well...or dead! #UGH
Telling us is pointless. Murkowski, Collins, Portman & Paul need to be no's.
You have a good heart, Elizabeth!
I oppose #GrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyBill.   #SaveOurCare #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare #ACA #Obamacare #Trumpcare  #Trumpcare3
So funny Warren. Stupid people with all the answers could have done something never did. drain the swamp
If the Repubs are responding to what they are hearing they should start listening to someone else--starting with the American People.
Stop them
You are just obstructing because you are a Democrat who hates Trump. None of what you say has any basis of fact.
Senator
This is one of Trump's WORSTE ideas for him to PUNISH ALL AMERICANS HIS WAY
These people will not stop trying to take millions of people off their health coverage. They are terrible excuses for human beings.
Old not so wise won who pays we can't keep supporting the world don't you people realize the top 50% don't have the money to support you
Well Obamacare is worse.
My insurance went up over 50%, how is this affordable to me. That's right you get your health insurance for free for life??
Simply not true they will have to pay for some of it themselves instead of free ride Stop Lying speak the truth for a change
It is not the job of the taxpayers to pay for others, Whether housing, food,phones, clothes or healthcare. Welfare makes people slaves.
Stop it now!
Not even a year in and i think I've retweeted  tweets similar to this dozens of times
Trump Admin wants worst for Americans. They aggressively seek resources for their own at our expense but expect us to keep paying for them.
What is your plan?
