@gehrig38 Of course you will...  Please run against her Curt...
Just need you to keep talking, the more you do the more likely your political career ends in 2018
Just like your Hall of Fame chances, Curt!
sounds like you think he's making it to The Hall then
If you think Warren will lose in extremely blue Massachusetts in 2018 you're definitely delusional.
who was that famous governor of California? A dem?
Huh? Who are you talking about? California's become even more blue thanks to Republican anti-hispanic legislation in the 90s
wait til the voters are gone, or California - choose!
#Pocahontas back at it again #libtard
@LRbullies @SenWarren She's one crazy b---h
no say it its ok. Shes a YUGE BITCH.  Soros must be paying her overtime.
I didn't know they had internet in the asylum. Then I saw your petition.
Even from a non-partisan perspective I don't see what she's done that you think she should be stripped of her office.
obstruct! Thank you for all you do!
@harden_beverly As you will oppose everything POTUS & the entire Republican Party attempt to accomplish.
not like the GOP did with Obama. #TwoFacedRepublicans
Look at the Obama cabinet members confirmed in the time frame they were and you still believe that?
@SenateDems We are part of the majority of Americans asking you to #resist You will have history on your side  #PutinBannonPuppet
you're part of a self absorbed generation and need to take a civics class. #snowflakes #libtard
Oh please run for President so we can ensure  8 years with Trump.
we are all shocked
thank you!!!
what is update on Russia hacking and emoluments conflicts / too many distractions from unqualified con man
Long and well-established, sounds good to me.
I am for everything you oppose! It means that it's good policy!! Thank you!
Better not cave in on any picks, or I will start my own group to go after the Democrat and Pukes to get you guys out of office.
tell me I'm a lier
We're holding you to it. Thanks.
opposition party at its best.change coming 2018 get ready to find a new job.DUMP THE DEMOCRATS 2018
of course you will
Glad to hear. Despite that he went to Harvard which my cousin graduated from Harvard.  I think he is a bad choice.
Hey, Senator Warren. Could you talk to Murray? She tweets "serious concerns" but not a vote of No. I'm sweating my kids' future.
remember elections have consequences
god I hate you. So much 
YES Senator. His record makes him unsuitable for the highest court, explanations and nice words cannot undo his actions/record.
.@SenWarren Don't just oppose. Obstruct. Thanks, love you!
why do liberals hate the constitution?
you're thinking of senate GOP refusing to hold a hearing for Garland. That's hating the constitution
congress did exactly what "the people" wanted , it did not give its consent. Now we will have Gorsuch
isn't it the responsibility of congress to uphold the constitution? And this is what the people wanted?
in addition, "consent" in this case means a vote. They didn't withhold consent, they ignored the process
oh, like obama did for 8 years
I find your response vague and unconvincing. What did Obama do wrong regarding Garland?
2 face ppl as of you I don't see how you work there I got video of you snitching your ass off
@2getherOhio #LetLizSpeak
I actually believed Scott Brown would be the last GOP senator from MA in my lifetime, but @SenWarren, you've genuinely given me new hope.
Trump = cure for Democracy.   Keep up the great fight,  Senator.
Thank you!!
Globalist agenda is dead #MAGA #Scotus #gorsuch
No one is shocked, Liz. It was a foregone conclusion. Delay the inevitable-just like you being replaced in Mass. 46% want change.
Who will have the courage to withhold consent and block this disaster if opposition is not supported by sufficient votes?
you are the most controversial congress member. You undermine our President and that is just wrong.
You got nothin', Liz. #ObamavotedforHim
stay strong! Gorsuch is not a judge we want!
so Chief how can you oppose him after @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @SenSchumer @JohnKerry @JoeBiden & more confirmed him in 2006?
Thank you.  Women deserve the same rights as men.
Did @DTrumpExposed answer your reasonable question in a DM perhaps?
Well, for one, men have the right to not have their reproductive systems regulated by the opp sex.
Your deep-rooted misogyny doesn't make you any more equal, sorry.
the guy didn't even have a hearing yet and you oppose it already!  That's why your an awful senator
FILIBUSTER.
why would i think otherwise. You would oppose anyone nominated. Really getting tired of you liberal obstructionists!
Obviously you were asleep for the last 8 years of unprecedented Repub obstructionism!?!?
We would expect nothing different from you. You're a godless liberal! - (Democrats' heads must be spinning! Trump keeps winning!)
do you really believe all liberals are godless?
99 percent?
I'd like to thank @SenatorReid for the Nuclear Option #JusticeGorsuch will make an excellent Supreme Court Justice! #MAGA
is Louise gorsuch okay? She looked terrified of Neil gorsuch while he was squeezing her arm.
I know a wholesome Christian family terrifies you a Father loving his wife, daughters & God
I don't really care if they're religious. I worry about a woman looking apprehensive. #bodylanguage
please rally the DNC troops to protest the illegal power grab of SCOTUS  appointment. Garland or bust. B tough!
Shocking.
It is based solely on your political leanings, not facts.
YOU really aren't getting it, are you? You're fighting a losing battle. YOU will NEVER win! Over our dead bodies! We're stronger.
wow you need to retire you are so out of touch with the people
Now THIS is the @SenWarren I know. Not the one that confirmed @RealBenCarson whatever you need, you've got it!
Hope Pocahontas is ready for retirement. It's coming very soon!
not soon enough
Time to schedule another #WomensMarch
yes, Iran would love to have you.
Not as much as a pathetic little troll like you. 21 followers...that's hilarious!
Of course you will. Is there anything constructive you do? You obstruct, promote violent protests and rant like a crazy lady.
based on your record you need to step down you no nothing about middle America
@AustinDowneyNYC Based on your life built in lies, no one cares what you blabber about, Lizzie the Liar
Did u write this tweet before or after @POTUS made his choice? Did you expect he would pick a liberal?
an objective intelligent person. Wouldn't expect any less from you! #libtard
Put on your filibuster pants!
I think you mean diaper.

Why? You supported him before.
Go Elizabeth!!!
Thank you @SenWarren #holdthefloor
of course you will, God forbid someone actually upholds the law and not interprets the law like activist Judges, such a hypocrite
why are opposing him????
Thank u @SenWarren @ShebaRiddle5
God bless your little heart.... if you ever find one.
you are a screwball, hope you get thrown out of office
when u run u will be opposed, ur god Hilary has you blind, you are better than this, this is America stop acting like hill dike
Did we expect anything less from the scratching CAT?
Thank you.  Oppose everything else, as well.  They have proven that they will not compromise and they do not negotiate.
your version of compromise is "our way or no way".
Bye now.
as Obama said elections have consequences. Guess what? Libs lost.
Bye now.
thank you for standing up Senator!
Yes thank you for helping! Remember when you put this out
he's already stripped the judicial branch of their power to check him until he gets his guy.
And how did he accomplish this in 10 days?
Federal judge issued TRO on travel ban pending hearing, but Marshals were told not to enforce it.
how is she a traitor? Strong language to use re a Senator.
she mostly just fights to prevent corporations from stealing from Americans - that's her main issue (ie the CFPB)
you mean like she did faking her ancestry and stealing the scholarship from a real deserving person
with a majority in both houses you might have to just bend over and take it. Take the message!
Thank you for your leadership, @SenWarren though I think you should oppose any pick for this #StolenSeat. #stolenSCOTUS
the seat is not stolen. Learn your constitution.
Done. I remain unconvinced.
this is America. Trump, if you hate our laws, then get the hell out and go elsewhere. Don't mess with our lives you try hard.
and you won't be in the  Senate  in 2 years also. The days of left wing extremism are over.
no purpose other than to create divide &chaos. Instead of working for a better USA together. The Dems haven't tried working with
Fillibuster.
surprise, surprise
please talk to the rest of the Democratic Senators. If they don't block this SCOTUS nomination we will all lose hope in the party
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS!
Thank you. Truly.
thanks for your work
then again you're just a butt-hurt demotard so... No one cares.
of course you will oppose everything that President Trump does. If you can't do your job and be fair and impartial
ok pocahontas.
oppose in what way? a down vote? How's that going to help?
You'd oppose him automatically wouldn't you, Pocahontas?
Hypocrite much??
We all know what it's really based on.  Sad!
that's a surprise! Didn't see that coming.
It's good you still have the HU gig to fall back on. Can't wait for next WBUR survey.
Big surprise Chief fork tongue!
. @SenWarren You just pulled your own pants down. Classless  demagogue.
but you'll allow #BenCarson   to slide through and get nominated!?!?!?!?!? Say what you mean and mean what you say
this strategy has worked so well in the past! First rate thinking. Careful, dont get daschled! Trump won. Will of the people.

From WH: "Dems—including Schumer, Leahy, and Feinstein—found him so
non-controversial that he was confirmed by voice vote to 10th Circuit."
You can't stop it.
of course you will, that's your spineless response to everything
SWAMP DWELLERS LIKE YOURSELF, WOULDN'T APPROVE JESUS HIMSELF.
thank you
why do you hate America so viciously? Is this payback for what the White man did to your ancestors?
Please spend your time and energy on important things, like overturning Trump's EO's. It'll be hypocritical of you, but needed.@SenWarren
you still don't understand after 6 yrs of elections most Americans want something else. You keep losing while insisting on same.
You are a nutcase.
#FilibusterGorsuch
agreed
at this point, what difference does it make?
Who woulda guessed that?  You become more irrelevant by the day.
We don't need another Scalia!  Oppose
thank you!
If DEM's support any of GOP picks, I will not support those in the Democrat Party next election. BOYCOTT EVERYONE!
That should shake up the GOP....
You make a lot of noise Make no mistake @wefightbacknow @FightTheResisance @realDonaldTrump @juicycitypeach @trump2021
NO you are lying it is based on your partisanship period  You do realize in 2018 we have plans to let you retire
I will bet you will support Woody Woodpecker for scotus
you're a fruitcake
U R a Putz
@StillLes4Hill GOOD.
there's a shock. He follows the constitution and doesn't ad lib it like the judges you favor.
of course you will

Dang, lost another Prop Bet. I had you supporting Trumps pick for sure! Double or Nothing #gorsuch
Thank you, Senator!
thank you senator
Well, color me shocked - shocked! - by your opposition...
. WHY? The Dem Party has lost the House, the Senate & the WH.  Have you asked yourself why. Look at yall what are doing it serves
Your obstructionist tactics against @realDonaldTrump are noted, Pocahontas.
How's this record? Unanimous Dems. Clearly you're a moron who lies for a living.
as a MA resident I urge you to stop the partisan rhetoric and support judge Gorsuch. I'm sick of your obstructionism Dems
Shocking ! Just shocking !  I hear U opposed whomever.  This is not adult. This is not worthy of a Gov official, unprofessional
@MaddowBlog THANK YOU
thank you.
Go, Senator! we need many more Senators like you!
of course you would! You do know that you're a major contributor to @HillaryClinton losing don't you? No1, of sound mind, cares.
if Trump threw gold bars to every poor person in the USA you'd oppose it. You all will no matter what ! Get over it!
even before hearings. You are a piece of work
of course you would. Someone that reveres the constitution offends a communist faux Indian like you.
lol you just attacked trump for keeping his campaign promises? Not used to a president doing that I guess
party over country disgusting
Hope every1 reads your post & then researches #Gorsuch. They'll see he is anti-middle class, anti-worker& pro police brutality.

What a surprise. More grandstanding from Warren (Pocahontas)
All you do is oppose ANYTHING &Everything Gop! You only measure is how much money someone has! That's NOT A BAD THING!
do it!! Don't capitulate.
and based on this statement I totally support the nomination, good chat Pocahontas.
you're pathetic! No matter who he nominated - we knew this was coming. Sore loser.
Of Couse you will. You don't give a damn about the constitution or the American people. This is NOT your house it's the peoples.
Please no confirmation of any SCOTUS nominee until the trump/Putin/election tampering matter is fully investigated.
.@SenWarren I can't wait until you are voted out...you know it's going to happen, don't you?  #DrainTheSwamp
keep that seat open. It does not belong to the republican. Thank you.
can be counted on 4 never considering what's right for the country. Duty and honor of the Senate seat is not in her vocabulary.
thank you
Stop being a cry baby don't you have other protesting event's to attend to while spreading hate against the real American people
@Daniel_Rubino We'll damn. I guess he's a great nominee then.
Pres BANNON/PENCE/PRIEBUS/TRUMP Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) has drafted a bill to “completely abolish” the EPA.
Irrelevant.
Gorsuch: he ain;t no Ben Carson!
Of course you will you hack
hypocrite, back on 2006 he was confirmed by all. Sore loser
Thank you for continuing to do what's right.
Stop it, Elizabeth. If you continue with this hysterical petulance, the Democratic Party is doomed.
so shocked.  Why he won't approve of the abortions of you great grand children?
shocker
thank you
Go away!!  cough cough!!  Seriously... most annoying American  goes to Pocahontas!! 67... time to retire!
come on, now... @SenateDems, be bigger than the GOP and give the guy a chance. Treat him fairly.
Glad you have such an open mind(sarc). I believe your job is to determine if he's qualified...not whether he passes ur litmus test. #SCOTUS
would you stand up for Garland, please? The media seems to accept Gorsuch as a normal nominee while Garland poorly treated.
thank u! U go girl!!!!!!!!
thank you for saying you will oppose the nomination of Gorsuch
You're insane.
THANK YOU!!
THANK YOU.
Senwarren you are just wasting time and playing games. 
The people voted for trump and all the democrats can do is cry.
You're a sick woman. You have no right. Only money & power. You talk a good game but you're not a good person. Pitiful.
@EricShapiro3 Well thank you!
Any and every Trump SCOTUS nominee should be filibustered, no matter who is proposed. Obama's choice was stonewalled. Trump's must be too.
of course u will he's not a wing nut liberal but guess what your only hurting yourself midterms 10 seats in states trump won!
as expected. You Liz are what is wrong with America. Your opposition won't matter though cuz America has put republicans in!!
- well whoop de doo - like anyone expected your approval.
