Get to work my dear, start talking to those colleagues. :)
Wrong, they should have started addressing it once the hurricane looked serious and heading for Puerto Rico.
Sen Warren you and Congress must lift the #JonesAct.  Trump doesn't care about Puerto Rico or he would have done it already. #25thAmendment
2 first if you must as he's unfit but Congress must lift #JonesAct and get supplies to Puerto Rico. Americans are dying. Trump is unfit
@SenWarren can you work on helping Puerto Rico get a jones act waiver? Also getting FEMA to allow more national guard.
If there was money to be made, they would have been there since day one. That is why trump has not gone there.
Addressing it   
Congress should have addressed it last week! Shameful. Stay on them
They should have sent aid immediately. So may will die while waiting 1-2 weeks for necessary supplies.
Regrettably. So sad and heartbreaking.
Boston sent resources/aid to Texas and Connecticut sent same to Puerto Rico. Crazy how states are stepping up before our Federal Gov.
Kentucky National Guard is there right now.
That's awesome!!!
Next week Puerto Rico expecting flash floods. No state in the USA has had this devastation free m a storm.
We can deliver troops anywhere in the world in the blink of an eye, but we can't seem to help our own people.
Force @realDonaldTrump to pay the $33mill he owes them, that'll be a start
Yes, they should!

The Republicans are already on it. Where are the Democrats? Still sleeping?
Sen. Warren please persuade your colleagues to help. We private citizens are limited. Need massive govt intervention now.
Please look into corruption from hedge fund bond holders. The PR people are going to lose- again.
I am a #USVI native son who's lived and worked in Massachusetts for ten years. Thank you, Senator, for bringing attention to my people.
If you can't help Puerto Rico, help no one,especially trump
Yes they do Now
I agree
Thank you. It seems to be nothing more than an afterthought to most media & politicians. US citizens without water. This should be priority
You realize it’s harder to get into PR right Sherlock?
How can we help to get resources mobilized?
@realDonaldTrump these are American citizens!!! #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
All of u guys need to get off twitter and any social media and work on a solution. Talking at one another is solving nothing! ACTION!!!
Your colleagues will get to Puerto Rico after they get tax relief for billionaires done. 1st things 1st!! Get your priorities straight Liz!
Yes, Senator Warren. Please do. Thank you.
Can you just be #potus please. This is BS- how are we supposed to work when we're worried that Trump is going to start WW3?
Thank you for caring PR is in awful shape but the USVI are a mess too
Giving aid & comfort 2 POC isn't a campaign promise or the party platform of tRumPutinGOP soisn't viable 2 @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #Amoral
Let the military address it "NOW"
Later, Congress can eliminate FEMA and give 1/2 FEMA budget to Marines
with orders to respond to disasters
What have you done other than whining.
Why don't YOU do something? You're rich.
Since when does congress do anything NOW.  They
do NOW when it's time for recess, or cash their
paycheck.
Keep calm. They are.
Thank you for mentioning USVI.  EVERYONE FORGETS THEY ARE AMERICA TOO! =
Help Puerto Rico or give huge tax cuts to the wealthy? What is the highest item on the "to do" list for Repubs?
Where's DJT on this? Who knows!
YOU should have addressed it LAST WEEK!
Trump specifically denied Jones Act suspension for PR/USVI after suspending 4 TX FL. YOU'RE NO HELP
And lift The Jones Act. #NoMoreJonesAct
So why the hell aren't y'all doing something to circumvent the abandonment of US citizens?  Like now?  Water, food, & medicine to start!
Liz, stop yapping & DO SOMETHING! Act like a LEADER! Suspend the Jones Act & get supplies to them & USVI! MA Voters DEMAND RESULTS!
Why don't YOU donate large wampum?
Yes! Please expedite the naval hospital USNS Comfort now!! Save hundreds of lives please.
Save PR from Jones Act.
It's time that congress over rules this President and do whatever it takes to save the lives of our brothers and sisters in the islands!
Because the fool in chief won't. 
Sadly, this is wishful thinking with the current congress.
We know better, congress doesn't do anything - led by you Pocahontas!
Be specific.  We need your help.  Major corporate companies like FEDEX or AMAZON are standbyers.  GOODS need to be shipped! Now.
Finally! These people have been waiting on action & have received next to none. It wouldn't be a crisis situation if the gov't acted sooner.
Thanks Liz if they won't listen please keep saying it.
So we will see you down there tomorrow Mozzie?
They hsve
Yes, and the President needs to send in the Navy.
Aren't you part of Congress? Address it!
Partner with private industry and make this work.  Who is leading the crisis for these people?  If I hear one more thing about the NFL....
If Betsy Devos wants to fund education of private schools let her start with the US VI and Puerto Rico.  They need help!
How bout taking all the money the NFL gets in tax breaks?
Where are the cell phones, cell towers, and communication grids.  We can do better...
USS Comfort not sent out until 2day. Will take 9 days 2 arrive w/ water, food, medical aid, housing.This is disgusting & all shld b ashamed
We know trump is a racist fool & was in no hurry to help Spanish speaking US Citizens.Why didn't Senate act in his place?
Where are you getting this, CNN??
Keep bloviating
Thanks you and bless you. Please get help to my fellow PRicans.
Oh, look...a politician trying to politicize and capitalize on other people's suffering.. Now tell the truth. Help has already converged.
Perhaps you aren't paying attention. The US Navy has sent several ships and more are on the way. FEMA is there too.
U said it right elizabeth.
Can U IMAGINE when 3 million was affected by HARVEY they got immediate assistance, but not u ON ISLANDS,WHY,SKIN COLOR? DISGRACE
@MarleneUsaa1 Sorry Liz, ya gotta wait in line and football supercedes puerto Rico. If they knelt down in P Rico they'd drown.
How much money do we need?
We'll get off Trump and your own ass and work for your paycheck!
Another Katrina! This time in PR & USVI! What's humane about the delay in life sustaining services? Trump is the delay! Shameful!
Every minute he wastes, people DIE. He's no better than ISIS, innocents are suffering. Someone for the love of God take his power away!
FINALLY!! THANK YOU SENATOR!!!!
#JonesAct
Please!!
GRANDSTANDING IS A DYONG ART INDEED.
How do we help you do that?
GOP only acts when it allows some wealth-class billionaire to plunder more $$ from this country & make people suffer.
Hahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha, such a bold face lie, typical
Really??? Did you and ur colleagues just think about this! It's been almost a week, smh!
When the people who run congress can't get a grip, then what???
Way to seize a crisis pocahontas Trumps got it covered
@realDonaldTrump 
Um, aren't you in Congress?
Bet you wish you could actually do any about anything! I am glad you can't because after 8 years w/ Dems. in control our Country is crippled
And he's still talking about the stupid wall?  Our money HAS to be spent on OUR citizens.  The wall is not, and never was, needed!  @POTUS
Build that wall!
But first let's all whine about football players
A tad late ???
dems answer to everything, Free Stuff for votes! AVI help now! PR whenever!
Trump: Puerto Rico is an Island, it's surrounded by water, a lot of water, it's in the middle of the ocean...who knew?
"I grew up in New York, so I know many people from Puerto Rico. I know many Puerto Ricans, and they're great people"

Priceless.
Repeal the Jones Act, please
You have alot of money.  Send them some of it.
no... last week was the appropriate time
President signed an executive order allowing financial help for first 180 days without congressional approval.  So it can be passed.
You're implying that the government is not acting and they are.  My friend is in he Navy, is there, working to open more airports.
They are but only small amount of our resources have been approved to help. Very unusual handling of crisis.
that is because you Democrats spent your efforts misleading the public about the Republican health care legislation!
Get on it Elizabeth!  Who is leading this in Congress? Everyone is tweeting, who is preparing legislation to take to the floor?
Much respect but here's a thought - you are a member of Congress. Can you get them moving? Introduce a bill? Something?
It's easier for her to tweet.
must, but won't.  They were all over it when the Red states need help.  Now they are back on the boner for this Tax thing...
Yes!! Now!!  Hurry Up.!! This is a crisis.
Support the Request for Jones Act Suspension & Exemption from FEMA Matching Funds. The world is watching. @SenateDems @SenateGOP #PuertoRico
#HoldThemToIt they keep insisting help is on the way. How damn hard is it to make happen
Put the military in charge take out all bureaucrat
Yes now people are in peril. This is pitiful lack of leadership by 45.
You are a talker...are you a doer
Why don't you send some of UR MILLIONS $ made of OUR BACKS @SenWarren  AKA Pocahontas  MY PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump is ON IT @FEMA_Brock
Talk about a crisis! Trillions in debt is a crisis too. If I didn't do a better job than you I would be embarrassed. Reduce debt/return pay!
Tell your president to stop talking about the NFL and bring attention to what matters
Nearly Half of Americans Don’t Know Puerto Ricans Are Fellow Citizens
And 80% of them voted for Hillary

Write a bill?
Like all hands on deck now.

Then get moving!   If my people die, America will be held accountable!  USA bleeds the shit out of PR's economy, time to help!
WHAT?? PLEASE!!
@POTUS must waive JONES ACT for Puerto Rico and US Virgin Islands NOW!!!
they are stupid
Agree. What is needed
Make DHS do the right thing - again declined the request to waive the Jones Act,
Spend $$$ to rebuild Hurricane Proof!
Do something worthwhile
For once
Put the military to GOOD use!!!!
Go for it Liz. Write the bill. Lead the charge. Do the work.
Please, DO ANY work
Trump is more concerned with NFL
Yea, well unlike you our President can do more than one thing at a time
