Powerful companies shouldn’t decide how or when we use the internet. That’s why we have to fight back to defend #NetNeutrality.
You're such a communist. Why not intro a bill to get rid of monopolies instead? You just want control of our internet
We would be better off with the Rock or even a rock as president rather than Trump
Yeah, because CA left ideology is working so damn good.  Highways are shit, homeless everywhere, expensive, crime up...should I go on?
Much better than all the other 49 states. Especially if those in dumbfuckistan - the states that voted for Trump
If you're basing CA as gold standard - then DT is correct. I voted BO twice - but the rapid decline in CA - evidence the left is lost.
what can we do?
Call your reps. Text resist to 50409 and follow prompts.
Those texts go to Fax so they're pretty well useless— the offices are now 2-4 weeks behind on faxes. PHONE your Reps. RT
Phone not easy option for all. @Resistbot & https://democracy.io/#!/   are valid resistance tools.
True. But whenever they can, those who can phone should do so bc apparently the faxes are piled sky high. Although that's great news! 
That's @potus to you. #foreclosurequeen  takes advantage of the misery of the 99% & profits off of them.
I think you have her confused with Mnuchin. Go back and check his records.
Is Mnuchin criticizing Wall St., claiming they are evil & then taking advantage of thier practices 4 $$$?  NO, that wld be Warren #hypocrite
Well Good morning sunshine, where have you been all these days?  But of course, whatever you say
Awe, glad to see common sense has seeped in. So happy to see you agree with whatever I say. And agree Warren is a hypocrite,  nice 
Mnuchin @ Golman-Sachs for 17 yrs. Bought failed Res.Lender Indy Mac, changed name to 1 West Bank. Became known as King of Forclosure. Wow
Your attempt to deflect criticism from Warren to Mnuchin falls flat, but good try. That was point of original tweet.
Of course, if you say so sweetie.  Enjoy your evening.
Elizabeth! Trump or Pense? We can't win!!
Sad day for America!
Was a sad day when BHO along with Zuckerberg and execs at Google did it previously, yet you Dem/Libs/MSM were silent. #libhypocriyes
#Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth
You obviously have no idea what those rules meant or controlled ..which isn't surprising since your a Fake Native American
Chief Big Broadband make deal with White Father of Washington.
Union forced to strike at Spectrum..CEO paid $99mil but wants 2 gut our health & pension. Support IBEW LOCAL 3! SPREAD!
The good news is obamacare is amazing you should be excited to be just like everyone else
Don't be a doofus... it's not perfect but it sure as hell is better than the garbage that gives rich jerks a tax break #thinkmorethanwhite
Ya mine only went from 250 a month 1k deductible before obamacare to 1k a month 13k deductible. Two people! Obviously uninsured now.
You, pocahontas,  ugh, you take many wompum from white eyes to stop white eyes from making smoke signals.
I believe it's called free speech through a system ad capitalism...
CIVICS LESSON: Using the terms "open and free" with "handing over to..." is a YUGE contradiction. You are sensoring the free press.
Maybe if you weren't so busy insulting him u could meet w/him and get his help on this matter #HeIsYourPresident
Going to enjoy you losing your seat. Better start looking into gardening or something that don't involve taxpayers. You've done enough bye
Net totalitarian rules under the guise of "net neutrality" nice try though, keep pushing that steaming pile of agenda up hill!
You mean the rules written by Google and Zuckerberg that Obama signed after he took millions from them? This crap is on OBAMA is disgusting!
@BarackObama is the traitor that did this with YOUR help! Don't try to blame this mess YOU helped make on @realDonaldTrump!
Don't worry, you'll still have wifi in your wigwam.
They are Google, Zuckerburg and OBAMA's rules. Do you get off on being such a LIAR?
What was the CEO of Google Eric Schmidt doing in the Obama Administration? Cutting grass in wh lawn?
This is Obama's agenda..... remember
Tweet when there's something, a.n.y.t.h.i.n.g., that u AGREE with The President of our great country about, K? Meantime, go to work to #MAGA
I think tweeting more should do it. Less government not more!
Yeah right lieawatha, didnt al gore invent the internet
Not true POCAHONTAS
you truly have no idea what you are doing.
somebody tell me what Trump had to do with this? Didn't Obama sign off on this?
Where were you when Obama gave the Internet Away? Where was MSM? You're ALL #SorosPropaganda #SorosPuppets
#Flashback  
Obama never wanted netneutrality...and that's why what we Trump supporters say...doesn't always make it through, i.e., Yahoo!, Twitter..etc
BS

You mean the rules written by Google and Zuckerberg that Obama signed after he took millions from them? https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/864914442970161153 …
Why do your women staff employees only 70% of men? Kinda hypocritical, no?
Why are you against letting people pay more for improved services? That's how broadband grows.
Yeah, why did Obama sign off on this?
Great your starting to ask why. We all agree gov is about crony capitalist. Now why would large companies want & lobby for net neutrality
You mean the rules written by Google and Zuckerberg that Obama signed after he took millions from them?
you mean in the battle between giant companies; you side with your google/facebook/netflix donors rather than phone companies and cable co?
If it's what you want then I know it's wrong. I could never trust a person who said they were Native American when they were NOT. #Liar
You mean how President Obama sold out the internet to Google and Zuckerberg??? Those rules LMAO when a dem talks anti big business
Only taking back control from google.. wonder why you and democrats want google and Zukerberg in control of it .. $$$ probably..
b hussein made millions on this, chief squaw
Fake Pocahontas
Why aren't you spending time with your Tribe rather than tweeting?
Warren, your skin is white, you are not native American. You need a mental evaluation
This is a lie.  Net neutrality is big government censorship and takes power away from the people.  #NetNeutrality
Here you go Liz take this with you! Breaking now #SethRichCoverUp
I knew Seth Rich. I know he was the @Wikileaks source. I was involved. https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/865823567384072194 …
Is the broadband sacred to your people?
Powerless Pocahontas
As if handing the internet over to foreign wasn't bad enough now you want the biggest names on the web to own it too. Stop 
Pls delete your account.Seriously, will u for once tweet something that is factual instead of words designed to rile up your base of morons?
Have you never heard of network management using packet priority and QoS?
Good luck with that!!! 
You mean the rules written by Google and Zuckerberg that Obama signed after he took millions from them?
You mean the rules written by Google and Zuckerberg that Obama signed after he took millions from them?

#NetNeutrality is #Censorship
Fauxcahontus would much rather have it in the hands of the Fascist Government Industrial Complex.
Communists
Oh shut up fake Indian
BS you leftist fascists.  It opens the market to all sorts of different providers.
Good.. Keep Big Brother off our Net.. Sick of these liberals.
Written by corporate hacks and your puppet masters.
It's so brave how small underdogs like Google, Netflix, & Facebook who benefit from others paying broadband costs are fighting for US!
You do realize NO ONE belives or trust you, right 'chief'?

No to #netneutrality
Is lying just a habit to you? Such dishonor!
Wait. Do you mean the companies that actually own the infrastructure will have a say in how its used!? The horror.
Pocahontas becomes a millionaire once she is senator and lectures others. Let's investigate where she made her millions

Net Neutrality is a cartelizing Schwann by Democrats and their donors. Abolish Net Neutrality and free the Internet. Abolish the FCC, too.
Wait, what?you corrupt gov't SOB's took money from the googles of the world 2 pass net neutrality, Google and Big Gov't are the same #Tyrant
Remember the Democratic saying.  Elections have consequences.
Why do you continue to lie ultimate your voters & citizens of this country?
"Free & open" for those who threaten the President, but not for Conservatives expressing their beliefs & opinions! #MAGA
why did ur buddy Obama gave internet to China???
Guess that would limit Anthony Weiner's search results of minors
Its not neutral when google, twitter, facebook are the gatekeepers and targeting groups. Shut up pochahontas
#censorship
You mean the rules written by Google and Zuckerberg that Obama signed after he took millions from them?
@SenWarren Again you mislead. NN is stifling urban broadband growth. Companies such as Verizon can't invest in bringing Fios to inner cities
You're a fake Native American
The name is ironic, since this eliminates competition and benefit the big players.
You absolutely have NO idea what you're talking about.  I mean zero. What a complete embarrassment you are to our Senate

Chief Runs With Bandwidth
I have evidence that you on the left coordinate with Google and Facebook to fill your databases. Don't you know it's illegal to do that?
The end of #NetNeutrality commercializes Internet connectivity and adds inevitable, limitless consumer cost.  It is too early for that.
I reject Trumps entire traitor policy agenda.
Is there any way to stop this?
Shouldn't have grandstanded as much as you did during the campaign so you wouldn't have lost so badly. Now you're powerless to help us...
Awesome! At least the President and his appointees are moving the country forward! While you run around screaming the Russians are coming!
Internet is as basic to  U.S.economy in21st c. as rail was at dawn of 20th, must be "CommonCarrier" for the same reasons.
Sigh... that is called a #DICTATORSHIP this is the UNITED states, not the I DECIDE WHAT YOU SEE country!
I appreciate your concern after voting to eliminate the public's online privacy to enrich the greedy corporations you pretend to despise.
My students are going to be cut off from internet access!!! We have a hard enough time getting access
it's all about big shit with dems, how about you look at the real problem BIG GOVERNMENT!!!
FCC chairman is a nut pandering to Trump like other sychophants in the cabinet.
Pocahontas is a fascist who doesn't like free speech #netneutrality
It's a shame that the Repubs are still squeaking their agenda through when the "president" doesn't know or care what's becoming law.
They should. Government control of everything never works. Look at social security. Nice job
This is getting sick beyond reality.
Corrupt politician!
Oh great
Let me guess, it should be controlled by a government agency like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau?
When did the internet become free? I pay for data on my phone and pay my cable company for the internet from my home. What am i missing?
With all due respect, Senator, what are you doing about it?

A free and open internet is crucial for a healthy democracy. Sign @PplsAction's petition to protect #NetNeutrality: http://bit.ly/2q483R5  
Removing #NetNeutrality gives @ATT & @verizon license to extort $ from @netflix & @amazon. Bandwidth already regulated by fees to customers.
Block it that's no good for the people. Well you already known nothing is being done for the good of the ppl.
Is any of these horrifyingly monopolizing changes reversible after we get rid of the atrocities the @GOP  has been doing?
Please help stop it and keep it Free
Why is this pos allowed to make any decisions? This clown drama queen reality showboat is selling out our country and gas to be stopped
What she's not telling you, the rule the FCC is voting on was set up by Zerobama.  Then it was OK, now it's not. good ol Wishy Washy Lizzie
What can we citizens do? I commented on FCC website already. Will call Congress reps tomorrow
Thursday?
everyone NEEDS to contact their reps.Let them know this won't stand
How do we stop them? We've written, called, protested – – is there a legal challenge?
@PodSaveAmerica why is nobody talking about this?
Well OBAMA signed it over to some Asian company. So shut up and stop causing trouble!!
Contact your congressionals and support #netneutrality!  #MATFA
Well, it's always big something, isn't it?
#demslosingseatseveryday
Maybe people would pay attention if your party doesn't keep making up stories and chasing ghosts. Focus on your job loser democrats
Warren your a joke to American people
Why do Dems think everything can be free? I know the word free resonates with your base, but somebody has to pay for all things free.
Net Neutrality... Another Mis-named democrat government takeover
Please impeach Trump
Oh shut up for once and for all!!!
You are widow of Tuzigoot

Gobble gobble
We have to stop them!!! Nasty bastards
Outrageous!!
Comcast has thrown its weight around by getting rid of Lawrence O'Donnell.
So much happening lately. Don't forget to apply pressure!
Many will be hurt by this attack on #NetNeutrality, most of all communities of color. http://greenlining.org/issues/2017/fcc-push-kill-net-neutrality-continues-administration-assault-communities-color/ …
If necessary let's update Constitution to protect our right to open Internet for future generations #netneutrality http://internetfreedomamendment.org/petition 
They must be stopped!
And of course they will sign with big business
Net Neutrality - a solution in search of a problem
Ajit Pai is right in the pocket of the big corps.
very happy day today  is the internet day,may 17.
Everything should be put on HOLD until Mueller has finished his investigation in2 Trump, Senator Warren. Please push for that #Resistance
The ONLY obstruction of justice ANYWHERE has been the disgusting way Dems have blocked for MONTHS our elected President and his  nominees
Who do we call about this?
Bless your heart. I prefer the free market to broadband internet access. Free markets will decide prices. 3 broadband providers proved it.
I hate our lives now 
Idiots!
If you are for #netneutrality, its.git to be awful.
If you were an actual libertarian,  you would know what it is,  and be for it, too.
That right there. Is the whole thing.
Net neutrality is a big giveaway to Netflix google and Facebook.
I also suggest everyone starts calling their Governors Office. They need to know how everyone feels. Don't let them off the hook.
Time to go back to rotary phones and making toys out of sticks and old boxes. Not a bad thing..creativity
Please vote against it.
Typical progressive. Steal what doesn't belong to you, hand it out and pat yourself on the back. U never produced anything of value.
@SenWarren it is time to demand a new Election if this is all true. The ENTIRE ADMINISTRATION ARE LIARS AND MUST BE PROSECUTED #impeachTrump
Do you believe government is all about crony capitalist or the people? Ask yourself why would massive companies lobby 4 net neutrality
They want to take away our privacy, but hold their own meetings behind closed doors, many in the dead of night. Cowards with an attitude.
We should not do that these cable companies are ripping us off on cable real bad price has gone up 100% this year
