Elizabeth Warren,  Democrats gave USA a bad health care and did not fix it for 8 years.  Please get unified for the people,  not your pride.
Here's the kind of governing you both would love.
Oklahoma no wonder I like her !! And. She tells it like is
.mal+
This way the Attorneys make more money for doing less work Not that we will get any more out of it.
Nice captions Ms. Warren!
we already have that right.
Arbitration is where your dispute with a business is settled by an "impartial" arbiter whose livelihood is dependent on said business.
How 'bout making it illegal for corps to force us to agree to arbitration and waive those goddamn INALIENABLE rights we supposedly have?
I would STRONGLY support you or Franken for POTUS, but get Healthcare & DACA right, don't build that wall!
@alfranken Time to investigate #equifaxbreach. So far, only @ronlieber of @NewYorkTimes is advocating for consumers. Pls. do yr job,Congress
#equifaxbreach affects ALL Americans—inviting immediate bipartisan investigation. PLEASE protect your constituents, @SenateDems @SenateGOP
You guys are too cute will you just run for president together and make it official.
They do
I love it. I mean if im late, i get a fined. Even a day late. These guys have to be punished. Thanks!
We did not choose to be in their databases. I have chosen not to use their identity protection service. Let's organize a class action suit!
I'm sure they'll be a senate hearing over this! Looking forward to it. @SenWarren
Skin them alive, they deserve it! Good work folks! Thank you!
This is too funny. The DNC got hacked, and that "altered" an election, affecting every American, where is your outrage against the DNC?
And not many even know about it 
I just love you! We must do something to protect ourselves.  The cfbf is very important!
WARREN / FRANKEN-2020
2018 ?
please keep up your good work! You and Franken are the hope of us lefties.
When you run for Pres, I will hand the reigns of my businesses over to my kids, and work 2407 to get you nominated and elected.
Experian is horrible too. Can't cancel our accounts, no matter what.#horriblecustomerservice
What a bunch of fools
I've now had @WellsFargo and @greendotcards steal money from me   While paying my Credit Cards / getting out of hand and im the 1 suffering!
Thank you for advocating for the public's rights and interests!
Love this. Please do this alot more
Lawyers live for class action cases and arbitration lives for consumers to get best equitable results when competent judges preside.
Take credit reporting agencies to task for their lack of responsiveness, including S&P, Fitch and Moodys who got us into the Great Recession
Only attorneys make $ on class actions. Victims get $1.59 each
Two jacks braying and snarking at us.
two clowns!
Here's an excellent Democrat ticket for 2020.
Know what sucks? Equifax gets out of this by giving 12 months credit monitoring. How about lifetime, since I can't change my SSN, DOB, etc!
Equifax is the reason these entities should not be aggregating personal information without EU level privacy regulations!
Neither you nor Franken should be in the senate.
that's why they have it set up that when you check to see if your info was stolen you opt out of being able to sue them.
#Equifax denied me a credit card bc I don't have enough credit card debt to qualify for credit. Wrap your head around that one.
@MiguelFlopez Liz Warren's got you covered
MUH GURL!
Adore these two.
Yeah
How about some realistic policies around security separation of privilege and storage and oh yeah get right of SSN as an ID
This is REALLY important for #consumerprotection!
Equifax proves that there is something seriouslu wrong with internet security programs and virus protection.
I love these two people! Wish the whole congress was filled with people like them. @SenWarren @alfranken
Franken/Warren 2020?
And proves again that you are silent on #h1b abuse and sordid outsourcing scams
If you haven't seen it, see Hot Coffee. http://www.hotcoffeethemovie.com/ 
With all sincerity, you're wrong.  The SSN system needs to be upgraded to modern standards of info security.
This will go on forever and people will sue one another forever until that is done.
I know that is not your area of expertise, but it is mine and I can tell you that there are processes and technology that could prevent this
Nationalize it
Thank you E.W.!!! Now we need to be made whole again. And before they cripple our power under false pretenses...
this proves why Equifax type companies should not exist
Both
Hello gorgeous
Of course these crooked bureaus want to exempt and unaccountable - something must be done #berniesanders
Sanders/Warren 2020... please! Lets take this country back and restore some sanity to our government!
We are fighting, you and your moronic sidekick. You have had your last goverment job.  REPLACE BOTH OF THESE LIARS AND THIEVES
Follow for a follow
It shocks me how so many naive, low-middle income Republicans still think that their Republican congresspersons are acting on their behalf.
Please run for President in 2020. Please save us!
I see. Advice from a clown and a liar.
Really you mean protect your lawyer contributors don't you
That and severe penalties for those who don't protect our privacy.  Equifax needs to be prohibited from collecting private data again.

Keep working for us, Liz! We need you more now than ever!
For Gods sake, FrankenWarren 2020. make it happen!
@b1e56df9ce6549f you still have my full-on side eye after refusing to endorse Bernie Sanders
All talk talk talk. Actually do something. We're all waiting
Running mates 2020?......huh?.......who's with me?
Are you just gonna talk as usual do something about it?  Send these crooks to prison
#FollowBackResistance #UniteBlue #StrongerTogether #FBR #DumpTrump #HeroesResist #heroesofthestorm #impeachTrumpnow
#Equifax Assholes dumped their OWN holdings before telling us and now will CHARGE US to "monitor" Equifax' own fuck up!!!!!!!
the arbitration clauses which demand individual recourse & prohibit class actions deprive us of an important check on these corps
Thank you, @SenWarren & @SenFranken! Ask @SenatorFischer & @SenSasse to join you and put Nebraska consumers before party! #Equifax @OWHnews
THESE SOBs WANT EVERYTHING, AND I DO MEAN EVERYTHING FOR THEMSELVES!!! HILLARY WAS RIGHT: THEY ARE DEPLORABLE!!! GOP IS FILLED WITH THEM!!!
Perhaps if prominent Congresspeople got hacked, they will understand
WowSen.Warren you did a great job explaining that.That was way more understanding
@SenWarren Better to take preventative actions.
Investigate #Equifax delayed disclosure!
That's bad but Obama care is worse. Work on that
The worst part of this is that NOBODY volunteers their info to a Credit Bureau. They receive and store our info without us even knowing.
class actions? so i can wait 3-4 yrs for $5 while a lawyer makes $m? hbu not let co's store & whore my info. so many laws violated @Equifax
I think both @SenatorWarren and @alfranken might bethe WORST senators the US has ever seen. And I'm saying that as an American that knows!
Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans!!!
To protect your largest donors in  while pretending to care about the consumer. Do people really buy your insincerity?
How bout our government cracking down on cyber criminals n working across the ocean to stop em fine cos who breach from profiting
@alfranken thank you senators for looking after all the people in this great country. Great format with a smile ;-)
.@SpeakerRyan @NRSC @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer  @GOPLeader @FinancialCmte @SenWarren  - Enough w/Corps over consumers! 

New SS#s for us now!
Clearly  a need for effective penalties 4 these corp. outlaws.
Nah. Shows why you should follow @CABFund lead w/ #EHR in patient's wallet on smart cards. Real security, patient choice. Not centralized.
fRANKEN YOU MAKE A BETTER COMEDIAN  LOL THEN A POLITICAN YOU MAKE ME LAUGH WITH YOUR RIDICULOUS IDEAS
I love you guys!
YOU HAVE. SHOW AMERICA YOUR ROTTEN SOUL EVERYTIME YOU OPEN YOUR BIG. MOUTH.. SAD
Thank you both! Quick, easy to grasp example of 
@GOP for the Massive® vs Dems for the Masses
How about holding them accountable.  How about they can't sell off their stock b4 notifying the public
Running Mates
We already can join class action lawsuits.
Yes but they gop is trying to add a new rule thats say we cant apparently...
Strongly disagree. Too much of government is being hacked. Your job find the hackers and deal with them.
Ed. This is about GOP eliminating law about individuals right to unite 4 class action lawsuits right....I don't recall referring  to hacking
Ty my mind got onto something else and it was very late.
No Equifax proves the for profit credit agencies have zero incentive to care - nothing happens to their business because of this.
Which one was the comedian? They both talk & look like clowns to me. Al from the state that brought you governor Jessie Ventura.
Ok I stan you both, FYI.
... and she doesn't spike flags. SSC
SSC, stands for So Sad Clown.
More please. You and Al got my vote.
DO NOT sign up for their *free* monitoring, it's 1)a scam to get you to pay for one of their service plans & 2)binds you to arbitration.
Problem with class action suit is lawyers get the $, people involved get $0.03/$1.00 if that much :-(
Thank you for fighting this fight, @SenWarren and @SenFranken, and for educating consumers on their rights. #CFPB
Go to @CFPB for credit tips NOT equifax! Fine print releases perpetrator of responsibility if you type to search odds of 1 in 150M impacted.
Absolutely!  Thanks for fighting for us!
Plus we must not forget how banks & mortgages led us into the 2008 "recession"!Banks were rescued,we were not.Still unfair 2 us!
Equifax proves why our govt needs to focus on cyber security IMMEDIATELY.

I have never, ever liked Arbitration clauses, & at one time I was the chairman of an Arbitration Committee. It is never unbiased. Love Video
In a round about way I take it the "You" is #TheResistance and you want those who #Resist to do what they did on #ACA & make the calls, etc.
Power to you. Hats off
Haven't heard anything from the Anthem or OPM (2015) class action.  We need to spread the word and have investors sell all $EFX shares.
Indeed class action law Suites are a part of America, must be protected.
I am so glad that Elizabeth Warren is my senator because she keeps the interests of citizens first. Keep it up Elizabeth!
Absolutely
They prove a fact that gathering people's info & keeping a file of people's personal credit usage,should be illegal.My credit is my business
#TheResistance Protection form corporate failures: 1) hire many gov. employees to constantly monitor, or 2) allow class action law suites
Can @SenWarren and @SenFranken make videos about EVERYTHING being proposed/discussed/repealed, etc?  Please? Not kidding. 
Yes that crook goodlatte hopes to eliminate that right, amongst most others, for amusement of his traitor friends and supporters.
It's time to come together with Trump and MAGA
I've been compromised with the hack & have already suffered monetary losses! What the hell can I do?
I literally have found throughout history & human nature, the accuser is generally the guilty party. Just sayin'... 
VOTE FOR GEOFF DIEHL!
Oh look its dumb and dumber
Let's have the ssn, addresses, and mother's maiden names of the CEO's who cashed out $2 million in stock. #Equifaux
Class action is not going to protect my identity for the rest of my life now that my SSN is exposed. Equifax = Enron or Arthur Andersen.
Do many members of United States Supreme Court not have the mental capacity to understand simple english sentences Amendments 7, 5?
Binding arbitration agreements have never been constitutional where value in controversy exceeds amount Amendment Seven
@SenWarren proves why precincts must ID all "registered" voters to protect free and fair elections...
You know who the real crooks are by watching how the laws change around them.
Class action lawsuits only make people like you look good. The company pays huge. People get $2 each and you have a big win and get votes
You both make one great team! Always working for the good of the American people! Thank You
Go Senator Warren. You are right on target and like me who is retired we need your tonacity to stand up and fight.
Keep fighting the good fight! I admire you very much
Thank you. "Tort reform" is RW code for "protect the companies."
Will you REALLY do anything? Or, just talk, talk, talk. You're all phonies.
Come on R's for once do something for the people. Protect their interests for once. Do what the people elected you to do!
But lawyers must be capped! Those who join class actions lose & lawyers win.
This is 1 of the few times I'd have to agree with Senator Warren. Better alternative is 4 #Equifax 2b out of business, altogether!
#EquifaxHadOneJob! They royally FUBAR!!! Why should they be allowed to exist?
That's was entertaining and informative.
@CFPB is needed more than ever due to callous disregard by WellFargo, Equifax.  Allowing binding arbitration weakens recourse available.
Warren/Franken 2020 and I don't care who is at the top of the ticket
Absolutely! They must be held accountable. This is the best way to ensure accountability
That was very nice; thanks for making it.  Both of you cone to Iowa and be our Senators.  Or Governor. Please?
These two need to go away, far away!!!!!
But people don't pay attention so they screw themselves just like "predatory student loans" it's really just people not reading when signing
I you 2!! Keep up the fight for the PEOPLE!!
Of course you have the right, unless you agree to the contract that says you wave that right.
Where's the Warren-Franken ticket? Or the Franken-Warren ticket?
Thanks, Sen Warren, I knew you would help us!
Thank you Senator Warren.

Critically important.  I tell people right up front....won't sign anything that compels arbitration to settle a dispute.
My dream ticket for 2020. @SenWarren  and @alfranken   Those two are intelligent and dynamic.
I didn't know anybody was trying to take my rights away except you and your fellow dumocrats ??!!
Yes. This is what happened when the gov't was given all our information through Obamacare as well. Remember?
Equifux
Every time I see you two together I can't stop thinking about this:
Love thee guys
These - will I ever learn how to type! LOVE these guys x2
And why we need you to keep fighting for us! #truthtopower #resist
But imagine 143 million direct action lawsuits being allowed to proceed to trial.  Would make an example out of them.
