you terrify a nation
only terrified because you say trump is the devil. Guess what? You and the democrats are the demons
They must not be citizens so it doesnt matter. Unless they are US Citizens big deal!
Terrified? I think the nominations for Golden Globe and Emmys are in.  Try next year
ok Pocahontas :))
boy that was not witty, funny or polite. Typical.
wasn't meant to be polite....  she's a liar and should be reminded everytime she speaks out......
. And you think the trump crowd of incompetents are smarter than she is?  Please explain her lies.
where was she when @SenSanders needed her? no where is the correct answer
. Maybe she had string reservations about someone who became a Democrat solely to run.
. Strong not string
we have strong reservations about a lying cow that claims to be an Am. Indian. #nowarrennoanarchy #ewarrenistheswampthing
there are plenty of stories of executive orders that are and have been ridiculous all along like Obama's
A bit dramatic and FALSE Lizzy
when Obama was bombing these people you were strangely silent?! Hypocrite much?
here's a story - GO BACK TO OKLAHOMA!  you will be voted out in 2018
so how do I learn of who voted in this "education" person?
thank you for sharing my childhood friend, Niki Mossafer-Rahmati's story @SenWarren! Unacceptable @realDonaldTrump
Hi Bita, I'm conducting a study on how the travel ban has impacted international students. Do you think you could share my contact with Niki
Liawatha Masshole is a cesspool  of communist and socialist I used to live their!
More visas cancelled today then people at the inauguration.
how about meeting with the family of Kate Steinle? You remember, killed by an illegal?
Indian giver
How can we reach his supporters who believe all his lies via Fox. If they knew there was EXTREME VETTING They may be against it 2
You know nothing but spreading hate and bigotry!! Now this is a dictator right from the obama to the Clinton and Soros!
when will you meet with Maureen Maloney to discuss he sons death at the hands on an illegal? Hypocrite!
you are ridiculous. Quit trying to scare people into believing your lies
do you people realize she took advantage of the financial crisis and flipped houses that people lost? Made her 
Thank you for raising your voice. You are a hero and the US people stand in solidarity with you. #NoBanNoWall @realDonaldTrump
nuts to you
Make sure you share some stories from the other 99% of the people who want #MoreBansMoreWalls
Including of course ISIS loved ones, right?
why don't you,  senwarren and all of your elitists welcome refugees into your homes, clothe,feed,educate them?
you're such a liar and drama queen. You're just a blow hard bag of wind with nothing useful or genuine coming out of your mouth
yawn.  What else ya got, Fauxcohontus?
#nowarrennoanarchy
your 15 minutes will be over soon& ur attempted reign of leftist terror will be 4gotten & irrelevent-much like u
im terrified of what harm you are capable of bringing to America  , you need to be locked up in a looney house!
Quit trying to create mass hysteria encouraging peoples fears over your exaggerations and lies. 
#drainthisswamp
oh right Pocahontas- stories as real as your TeePee and peace pipe? You hit the fire water a little hard huh?
You do that. We'll be celebrating not becoming the world's dumping ground for the human waste produced by Obama
. Are they 'illegals'?
Americans are scared but you don't seem to care about us!
looks like someone is posturing to run for the POTUS in 2020 #freepress #shameless #wegetitalready
You are what they should ve terrified of!! You have been provocking and inciting violence since Nov 9th! Puppet!
not so loud w/unconstitutional IRAN deal @potus44 and Kerry penned.Or EO DACA? DACA can be repealed w/stroke of pen right now.
I'll be sharing stories of your irrelevance and return to private life in 18.  Have a great day!  So much win!
Why don't you share stories from victims families of San Bernardino, Orlando, NYC, etc, etc, etc. #YourTimeIsUp
@GetBZLiving @realDonaldTrump good! Now how about articles of impeachment!
shut up Liz, ypu should have spoken up in THE PRIMARIES Trump is YOUR FAULT
Waaaaaaaahhhh..I hear the waaambulance siren
great, you do that. Also talk to the families who have had loved ones murdered by terrorists in our country?
How about sharing  the families that have lost loved ones to protect our Country! Let's regroup & work togther!
You are an EMBARRASSMENT - I hope you have plans for your next job in the private sector flipping houses with your crooked fam
go get a job in Walmart
Pocahontas stop whining!
Warren tells it like it is, DT could learn from her!
please share on non cable news station as well as Millions won't see it because they don't have cable tv
"terrified", I bet the victims and loved ones of the victims of 9/11 were terrified.. You are a joke
oh well ..America first ...FINALLY #SanBernardo #orlando etc etc
Why don't you tell them the truth, that they don't have anything to be hysterical about.  You're such a sleaze.
means we wont be another Benghazi!
There was a needless death just today. Don't you read real news?
I live in MA and more terrified of your lying, vote baiting bull shit! Hey what you do beside protest and nag?
we are terrified of Bannon and trump
You mean the world to us across the country ! We support and appreciate you
I know it's tough and they are forcing their agenda but please keep fighting for us. This is how civil was start
Why don't you talk to people who support restrictions?  You make it sound like they do not exist.
Are they all married to Muslims?? That is the only thing they need worry about.
I know people who are quite pleased with his order, until we can better vet the refugees. #MAGA in progress!
#nastyexectiveorders
RUN FOR PRESIDENT!
Warren can u absolutely guarantee us that not one terrorist is going to slip through. NO, so shut up
YOU DO NOT SPEAK FOR MASSACHUSETTS SEN.WARREN! BUILD THAT WALL!! Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
what about the people that r worried if there is no ban. Y do u forget about us. Do we not count?
Thank you for working tirelessly (literally). Please get some sleep. We need you. 
YOU Preach while standing on a podium with a CAIR placard on it?

You know who they are and you BACK them
#sallyyates for #scotus #stoppresidentbannon
Share some facts about what terrorists have done to American families, Muslim, Christian and Buddhist alike.
what about his supporters.
Most in Mass are afraid of their shadow. #DrainWarren
I live in MI and the visa holders in my office were sad & frightened today. TY for your tireless efforts on behalf of all of us.
so,  how much money is @georgesoros slipping to you behind the scenes?  You bed-up and get funded, right?
this POTUS will harm our national security. He is alienating us from the world.
you mean Prez Bannon ,don't you
with all due respect, we know the stories, stop feeling sorry for ourselves it's time for action, block all his nominees. Resist!
yes stories that good tell us a good one
@patch1774 @realDonaldTrump we love you, Elizabeth!
Please don't give in!
, Can we say impeachment
Never gonna happen.
Will you talk with those who lost love ones to the Boston bombers here as refugees?  #smp
From what saw, you were fantastic. Thank you.
what about what u did to native families with yur LIE? Stole $$ LYING about yur heritage! #NoShame
disappointed in your decision to vote yes for Ben Carson. Disservice to appoint someone unqualified by any measure.
No one takes you seriously anymore. You're a political hack hoping to keep UR name in the news. Pathetic con.
Most if not all here on Cape Cod support President Trump. You better get a grip on it Princess
LizzyThat is like a meeting of A Ship Of Fools. In the end your Ilk is but a Ship Of Fools I will remind you pal You are Pissing in the wind
Majority of Americans support President Trump's ban and are terrified for our families because of nuts like you!
that's unfortunate open up your gated community Warren and let them move in next to you
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting the good fight. All immigrants. Shelter refugees. That is how we r great.
how about sheltering the homeless on your streets already?  No room in the inn?
There's room for all here if we focus our agenda on the 99%
liars!  Room for your shit show, Sharia Law pushing migrants. The other 50% agrees with the EO.
Go smoke a peace pipe Tee Pee Lizzy #Pocahontas
be worried about what is to come also.
keep going all night if you must we are here for you Elizabeth
Oh WAAA! More people were inconvenienced by the RIOTS you caused than the few delayed!
Please, please, quit filling up my Twitter feed. Gee, give it a rest. If you keep it up, @POTUS will win in 2020. #Trumptime
I heard someone in store line afraid they will lose their residency Raising all sorts of fears. It's not ok
you take them into ur house then. @mcrnette @SenWarren
well I'm from MA and you are campaigning - admit it
What about Cuban people in Massachusetts worried about obama changing 40 years of policy in his #christianBan #wetfootdryfoot
no problem Obama can do anything. Its all about re-election shhhh dont tell anyone!
Most of these people could've been killed in drone strikes under obama and you wouldn't have even got off your ass to tweet 1 word
shhhh, the sheep dont know how many bombs Obama dropped on women and children.
, don't let DeVos get lost in this and squeak by. My English Language Learners deserve better. My prep time=more than hers.
This is terroristic to implement a ban on refugees like this. It reads like an edict from an arrogant Tyrant.
Mary what BAN.?
Any stories of those terrified of not enforcing it.. or those people in your state don't matter
I move for imedeate removal of Donald trump who is with
who's gunna stop us from ripping down that damn fence and taking this animal out of office they can't take usall
sure is, but we ate going to pander her re-election right out the door!
thank you we are all scared of this man we need more senators like you
Send them all back they should be terrified
GADDAFI KILLED BY OBAMA
why is Pence so quiet Donnie got his tongue too!
I would appreciate seeing the Dems fight Bannon's appointment.
on what standing?
Share my story. I feel safer. @Potus @mike_pence following thru on promises.
Well Well it's The Loud Mouth Senator. Who forgot to claim 1.3 million on her taxes Can you say hypocrite
we need to see his Federal Tax Returns, c'mon get the Senate to start screaming
Not very fair or balanced of you. As usual. 
No Bannon!
 hypocrite  @realDonaldTrump Check out @RealJamesWoods's Tweet:
Okay, then...  
I am not from Mass, but my girlfriend is-Trumps ban means my aunt, has green card may not be able to return from travels in Iran.
How about you tell us what actions you're taking. Enough with the stories and platitudes. Get to work! Fight!
she is a Native what are you? Not American? Your forefathers came from where? Only one true American Native American
perpetuating fear
What you can do is vote HELL NO on everything. Time to teach these arrogant SOBs a lesson. We Dem voters want it
Keep your voice loud, Senator. We need you & those like you, now, more than ever! #NoBanNoWall #StandUpToTrump
are any of their loved ones terrorists? #hypocrisy #panderingforvotes #you'llsayanything @realDonaldTrump
Standing with you @SenWarren but we need action. Where's the Democratic Party?
Very obvious what you're planning, and I love it. #NoBanNoWall #Warren2020

@B_rog1996 @realDonaldTrump Try utilizing your time by figuring out why you and your party lost.  You are very annoying.
try jumping off a cliff
lolololol
@realDonaldTrum   thank you Senator Warren for your diligence for truth and what is morally right!! We need you terribly.
Hypocrite!
I'm terrified for what it means for humanity.
-- terrified? Really? - #TypicalLiberalOverReaction
need to talk w/ @RepRaulGrijalva , sure ge has some stores from SE AZ.
I hate hitting "like" on this, but people need to see.  Also, please urge Senators not to rubberstamp @JeffSessionsrbx for AG
can you interview these people too?Oh that's right they were slaughtered by Islamic Jihadists-they don't matter
Please introduce impeachment discussion as well.  Checks and balances matter.
Make sure you come up with a few Cuban stories.
how about stories of 330,000,000 other America Citizans?
You do that Elizabeth,,, then just go away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ELIZABETH WARREN  2018!!@realDonaldTrump
If he gets away with it what next? Loyalty tests for Fed. workers? Read the soc. media of anyone w/SSAN card?
And while you're at it, Senator, don't vote for any more of Trump's cabinet picks. We're watching.

VIDEO: Journalist, Dr. @sarahkendzior On Bannon's White House Takeover...Retweet If You Agree We Need To Stop Bannon 
Gays are next. Stand Up for All.
This is history being made, this is time to shine For Obama Exec. Order was last resort not a way to run country
So white supremacist have been banning people for decades in a country they stole can't ban in something that's not yours

Watch Journalist, Dr. Sarah Kendzior, Open A Can Of Whup-Ass On A Breitbart Editor!!! America Needs This Voice On TV...PLEASE RETWEET!!! 
I'd like to see his response. Do you have it?
Could you also share a few of the stories from the people who actually think its a good idea too. Would be nice
I love my Muslim friends. We have been crying together since Trump was elected by the electoral  college.
But it was OK when ordered by other Presidents such as Clinton and Bush?
they should go fight for freedom in their OWN country! Deport em! @POTUS @mike_pence @KellyannePolls
- let your colleagues know they own every EO drafted by this President if they vote for Senator Sessions!

Just a smokescreen for what is going on in Ukraine right now.
you speak with forked tongue kimosabee
scare tactics??
Call it a pow wow!
keep up the good fight Senator
please do and make sure you convince colleagues to #stopsessions b/c he'll make sure it continues. #nobannowall
