Please help convince your colleagues on the right to empeach him!
Sad,sad, day.
Trump is #unfit

Help !! I am scared for Boston if they move forward with demonstration Saturday.
Equating George Washington to Robert E. Lee, will any public figure rebut this?
I realize Dems are watching him self-implode - but please start speaking out on TV. Please grab hold of this narrative. Highlight his lies.
The only sick person is you for pushing your political agenda. You are a sick person who puts your agenda before the good of the country
It is time for Congress to act. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS and his administration are destroying America. Impeach. Remove. Whatever it takes.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Please start impeachment process.
It has to start in the house and it has, by Rep.Brad Sherman.
Cause the holocaust didn't even happen as severely as they teach you in school go to the supposed gas chambers yeah nice try.
I missed it. I'll check. Keep up the fight Sen Warren! Awesome job!
He blamed both sides for the violence in VA. He didn't attack people who condemn racism and hate.
"Both sides" did not bring guns to demonstration, did not call for violence against opponents. "Both sides" did not drive truck into crowd.
You are very wrong on so many levels.
Ok, show me how he "blamed people who condemn racism and hate." I'll wait.
Do you listen at all? Good grief.  I suggest you play the tapes of all statements he has made since Saturday and try again.
So, I have to go listen again instead of you providing the quote?
I'm not doing the work for you. It isn't hard. You can do it yourself. It's all over the media.
Please quote the presidents support statement I must have missed it
To be fair, it's also somewhat impressive.
I mean, he said all that with a completely straight face.
What were YOU watching ?
Trump's actions, behavior and speech R degrading 2 all intelligent people!  I am Sad!
Time & time again the Dems & media fail to acknowledge the "alt left" when there r riots! He pointed it out! Didn't excuse the KKK! Shut up!
Or this
They didn't simply condemn it. They brought violence there. Why aren't people being honest?
i literally shivered listening to him. Surreal.
I'm still shaking.
You're destroying this country and the unemployed, vacuous millennial vandals you support r turning this country into Venezuela.
I'm with you 100%.  How is this guy still in office?
#LoveTrumpsHate
@SenWarren everything she says is a pandering lie, literally everything, and she's laughing all the way to the bank...she's not alone.
Please! Have this man admitted to a psych unit!  He is unhinged & UNFIT to serve.  HELP!
Senator, would u plz start work'n on fix'n the problems n MASS n stop focusing on TPOTUS's every action. Maybe file some legislation
Your new Native American name is lyingsacoshit
Please you guys. #ImpeachTrump
False statement Liz.
Liar.
It's honestly appalling
Both Trump and @SenWarren are appalling. Stop this identity politics now. They need to grow up.
Last I checked Senator Warren didn't support Neo Nazis
Any time you check, neither does Trump.
Dunno what the hell you're on about. Silence, inaction, coerced action, etc. are all signs of apathy/support, which are equally as bad.
He wasn't silent, he took action on his own and immediately, before the event was even over. You don't know a lot it seems.
Blamed 'both sides' for violence (lie), ignored Neo-Nazism, had his arm twisted 2 days later for a speech, and fully blamed the left today.
...though the left make up antifa and blm, which are both domestic terrorist groups.
We always knew he sided with David Duke. No surprise there
He never sided with Duke. Denounced him since the 90s.
Publicly sure. Privately, he's in David Dukes pocket. He needs the racist vote. There is barely anyone not racist still on his side.
So you know what he says in private. He has condemned Duke publicly since 1990. Give me a break
Please call for his impeachment. It's the right thing to do.
Can't impeach someone who didn't break any laws genius.
Clinton was impeached for lying.  Trump has lied repeatedly. His behavior is more impeachable than Clinton.
He lied under oath and lost his law license. He wasn't kicked out of the presidency 
You are deep in denial.
A trumpie & a very ignorant person.
Lol explain your reasoning. Because i don't agree with your views? Sounds like you're the ignorant one. 
Oh ffs, stop. Please look at what Antifa did and have been doing since November. STOP IGNORING IT, Ma'am! Makes me sick to my stomach.
False equivalency.
Please lead the call for his resignation in congress. We can't go on like this
Seriously! Tweeting outrage to strengthen a 2020 bid does not help us now. Why are all the congress critters tweeting and not ACTING!
The Democratic Party in the United States has become a cesspool of corruption, racism, and violence. It will not win until that changes.
I honestly feel like him being in the White House is one of the worst things that's ever happened to this country, and frankly, the world.
You crybabies lost the WH, Senate, House, SCOTUS, 1000 state seats and there are 34 GOP governors. The people already spoke. Haha.
So then why doesn't all of DC disown him and throw his ass out to the curb? Oh yeah most of DC supports him.... that's why
no not most of DC.. Greedy republicans have a stooge that will rubber stamp their. Greedy agenda.
FILE ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT NOW!
On what grounds?
25th amendment.
The 25th amendment deals with the succession of a President in the event of their death or removal.  (1/2)
25th amendment also deals with the issue of a POTUS who is unfit to serve, as Trump clearly is.
Right, but only ever invoked due to illness or surgery...but okay, explain how President Trump is unfit to serve.
Watch the press conference. If you have to ask that, there is nothing I can do for you. Peace.
I watched it live. You still haven't answered the question.
So my question to you, Senator, is: What are you and the Dems doing to put an end to his reign of terror? NOTHING.
Sen. Warren- Why is a unite the right Rally coming to Boston? #NotinOurTown
This is not good
I kno. I doubt it will be approved. I cant get people to break the law..Im trying tho..
If the Nazis rally in boston, it will be a bloodbath. Literally.
Please no. NO. Not in my city. Ever. 
My best friend just messaged me that she was invited to the anti-rally. The date is the 19th, so apparently it's happening
FUCK.
He's not the President of the United States. Let's agree on that.
Come on @SenWarren Right now. Right here lets hear u denounce BLM & ANTIFA. Put it in writing. In a tweet 4 all to C. I wont hold my breath!
Anti-fascists and BLM are the opposite of Nazis and white supremacists.
Duhhh.  I haven't heard her condemn any of them....  have u?
Well then ur a racist too.  Cause blm is racist. They hate white people. And she should condemn them both. They are both hate groups.
Here's your peaceful fun loving blm.
Nope. Not clicking. I want the BLM website or other written statement from BLM. Not random people maybe or maybe not connected, with editing
And sadly (tragically, really) can anyone honestly express the least bit of surprise? Wouldn't have thought it shocking from The Orange One
and you defend violent #Antifa thugs......
Anti-fascists act IN THE FACE OF FASCISM.
Start the Impeachment!!!!!!!!
The 25th amendment is literally crying it's own ink off the parchment...
???
Pin this like Sen Markey did 
Have you condemned the Democrats for their founding of the KKK?
No he didn't. You can't stop lying. Where we you condemning Antifa out in Berkeley when they wouldn't let Coulter speak? Violence.
He didn't not. You are twisting his words.anyone who heard him knows it. The left condemns hate but would kill DT if they could&Youd watch.
Those that thought he was such a great business man should've actually looked up everything he's ruined Almost everything! Now even his name
Soros you friend did worst
He blamed both sides indian!
Menthol cigarettes? Better remove that racist fried chicken and watermelon from those black people while your at it.
right?  plus there are all these people in DC who are there to protect US from this shit that wont do anything but tweet about how bad it is
Your family must be so embarrassed over your tweets #FoxNews
How can you be so hateful? That's not what he said at all.
You don't condemn Antifa, you're condoning it. Another words Elizabeth, you're saying it's ACCEPTABLE to Bash Americans U don't agree with.
Are you going disavow Christopher Columbus for wiping out your people... Oh wait i forgot...
Violence DID come from both sides. #DENIAL
I thought you went to Venezuela!  with @SenSanders
Can we send @SenWarren now! Her Native American skills will help in hunting zoo animals for food

Trump couldn't even pass a Civics Class, as proven Every Time he opens his puckered foul mouth.
The Democratic's new word to gain more negativity in your party. Neo Nazis. It's not 1940.  Get to work on real issues, Repeal, tax reform!

Congress has a wake up call for the future; Emoluments Clause must be law.
Anti Nepotism must be turned into law.
You are one scary woman...you lie with such ease. I will do everything in my power to bind your hate for this country.
That isn't correct at all and U know it! 
Stop lying.

Liar liar pants on fire Pocahontas, liar liar
U jus defended antifa fascists using Nazi tactics as displayed by cops murdered violence against congress & conservatives UR sick
The President of the United States just defended neo-Nazis and blamed those who condemn their racism and hate. This is sick.
He did not!  OMG so sick of this hatred.
You're so clueless, it's scary
Uh... no that's not what happened. Why don't you tell us more about what a great candidate Clinton is, you worthless dirtbag?
#45 his cabnit and vise must go.
Is any actual action at all being taken to remove him yet?
You know good and well he didn't. Every time you lie and exaggerate you lose more supporters.
The true Neo-Nazis is @georgesoros. Your friend with "benefits."
I have no sympathy for either side . BLM ranting about killing cops are as disgusting as white hate groups . Neither deserve to breathe ..
Would you ... "scalp" him?  Him Big Chief, you, little forked tongue.
YOU are sick.
Bull 
You are a liar....when will you stop this madness? Trump did not defend Nazi's..he blamed both groups if you were listening. WOW
No he didnt, was clear he condemned & has for yrs, where was your condemning of the MO senator 4 calling for assassination on the President
That's not true and u know it Crazy Warren!
the very definition of gaslighting.  trump is a danger to the country, a threat to the constitution 
You spelled "I am" wrong.
You are sick... You and all like you...
Trump is ruining our Nation.
He campaigned on hatred, lies, Bigotry and xenophobic beliefs. In under 200 days he's proven his ineptitude.
What is really sick is lying about being Native American.
This is an example of one group of racists attacking another group of racists.   Based on a pack of lies called revisionist history!
Thanks not what he said! Tell the truth and stop your dishonesty
@saritxi posturism
And this is exceptable.....
#FakeIndian #pocahontas 
You'll lose your seat to a Real Indian!
This from our Indian Senator.

Your listening comprehension skills are non existent....voices in your head?
You need meds...i suggest cyanide
Liar liar pants on fire 
He didn't defend tehm, he defended their right to free speech. The fact that you do not know the difference should disqualify U from office
You're A Democract the party which created KKK and honored Robert Byrd - Ex-Dem Sen who was the Grand Dragon of KKK.

NO. You are sick for telling your lies.
And the Missouri GOP praised him.   Really sick.
so is the democrap party, home of Robert Byrd and the kkk.
Go back in your teepe a send Some smoke signal.
Ummmm not. But he what about those peaceful loving Muslims in Spain?

This is a page from Steve Bannon's strategic playbook, the Fourth Turning. Will you stand by while they destroy the administrative state?

Worse.  They are domestic terrorists, and has defended them.  Its a violation of his oath of office.  #IMPEACH
no he really did not, you lie to fulfill your warped agenda
U either lack comprehension skills, r senile, r have sum kinda twisted narrative. Ppl like u dnt deserve 2 make decisions that affect others
VERY!
No, Senator. What is sick is your willingness to lie, misrepresent. Truly disgraceful. We reject you & your view; couldn't be more wrong!
Very sad.
One more thing...don't plan on being a Sen after your term is up. You will be voted out, if you aren't already in prison with your buddy HRC

Defending 1A rights is not an historically controversial legal position, & the condemnors had no right to riot & batter
You lie about him
If only you knew someone in the house of representatives that could draw up impeachment papers
Acknowledge and Denounce the Terrorist groups Antifa and Blm. Failure to do so is proof the Democrats support domestic terrorism
This is what you support!!

Apparently Pocahontas doesn't agree with logic.
sick indeed
You're the sick one..You're obviously a little confused with what is truth & what is a lie since you think you're Native American...lol
that's not what I heard.  He condemned hate on both sides and defended the honest non violent protestors.  This tweet dishonest.
No, YOU are sick
Hey J.C., haven't you heard that waiting for facts is now racist...or neo- nazi....I forget.
That’s a new one!  How’s things in the springs?  Hear some riots are planned for there tomorrow.
Psycho sicko Warren
You have no clue what your talking about! Your only democratic agenda is to resist the (R) party & the POTUS, thus accomplishing nothing!
The fact anyone is naive or dumb enough to believe the repeated false narratives from the  left makes me truly worry for America
She's full of it again
Why haven't I heard you condemn the violent actions of Antifa? Antifa means Anti-First Amendment. Attack them if you dare.
You are the one who's SICK!!! Better check yourself in to the nearest emergency room!
Please run @SenWarren2020 the #AltLeftDNC answer to "empty brain pan syndrome" after @HillaryClinton lost a rigged election... Wicca party
U lying bi!ch
If you honestly don't know you are lying, then you need help. Of course if lying is that easy then you also need help
YOU ARE FLAT OUT DISGUSTING! IF YOU ARE NOT WORTHY TO REPRESENT WOMEN! #MAGA
You're such a liar. He did not. You're so vile.
Yes he did @SenWarren ,now #ImpeachTrump or stop talking how discusted you are .#CoEqualBranch #MakeItHappen #NoTrumpRallies #TrumpRussia
you condemn millionaires and are one
Get your facts right...FAKE NEWS
Man, you are sick to say and do what you are doing.  You are  still  trying to tare down our President  and our  country.  SHAME ON YOU!!
Can't wait till these ppl are outside of your office
Antifa demanding their money that was promised to them by George Soros - They protest in front of his office 
Did you EVER condemn racism more hate? NO.. you keep telling everyone to "FIGHT"
Your a BORN LIAR @SenWarren! See what you started https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/900207082808500224 …
As a voter I am so SICK of WA bickering about who acts worse than the other. It is time to stop RESISTING and START EARNING YOUR VOTES!
 Sen Pocahontas 2 ?- How do u keep a straight face while lying & how do u look yourself in the mirror and not c a hypocrite?
#TrumpIsANazi
don't hold your breath.
Why are you dishonest ?
You're a fool!
He never said that!
read and watch movies.  And I'm bigly intelligent, have a MA and 1/3  the way to PhD!  I would be a better president than the orange plague
I'm going to have fun with you Fauxcahontas. You've been swimming in bullshit for years.
Very sick indeed
No dear you are sick Pocahontas.So you always felt like you were an Indian,it was just part of life.Did you play cowboys&Indians nut job?
Am i in the MATRIX?
Some are Sicker than Others.
Here's who Elizabeth Warren likes
grow up...
Does POTUS needs 2speak different language.He condemned both sides.B your own admission you r 4antifa a group that is pd to promote violence
President does. There are no good nazis. There are no good terrorists.
So when are you and the others going to stop tweeting and take steps to remove him from office?  #ShePersisted

No you're sick Pocahontas!!
What's SICK, lady - is your never ending race division - YOU'RE the racist - Byrd loving hypocrite! Dare ya to call for Byrd to be removed!
Please silence your self until you admit your attempt at stealing Native American heritage! Your voice is worthless until then and afterMAGA
