99% bigger than a Hillary rally...
Based on popular votes Hillary did much better than Trump and didn't have help from Russia
Over 5 million votes were illegal, look it up... #electionfraud #LockHerUp
 Kool-aid drinker alert  There's no reasoning w/ppl who are brainwashed & believe InfoWars/Breitbart/Faux News. Facts can't be understood
If there was no election fraud, why obfuscate the investigation?
Are you talking about @realDonaldTrump's tax returns and wondering why he won't release them- if there's no fraud?
Let's talk about DNC email server? Let's talk about Seth Richs murder?lets talk about uranium to Russia from Hillary with DNC scumbags all
Another Comet Pizza guy. Your tin foil hat fell off; put it back on before your brains get sucked out.
Thank you for holding IN PERSON town halls - unlike my two senators @SenatorBurr & @SenThomTillis
And @SenToomey. Weird. GOP senators want to snuggle up with Trump, but don't want to answer questions about their actions. #responsibility
All good people need to keep speaking out with grace and truth. No room for violence and/or tackiness. Carry on.
Always people on the fringe. I never condone violence or hateful rhetoric from any source. It does not move us in a gainful direction.
All officials face some anger in town halls, but most people are there to voice fair opinions and get face-to-face answers.
Random, senseless violence has NO place in our democracy. I thought I made that clear. We can strongly disagree with grace and intelligence.
Thx 4 Your service and sacrifice.
Lol.  What service and sacrifice?  Hasn't  done a thing for the resident's of Massachusetts.
Sorry? Sen Warren?
Best just to block obvious trolls like our friend raven here 

This is what Democracy looks like.
Trump has a new out reach program for working women.
Not hard to get that many liberals in one place, it's not like that have jobs to be at!!
Loving this, its good to see!
We Have Faith in you Elizabeth Warren We Believe you can Be An "HONEST"  PRESIDENT DOING for "All" of AMERICA We have Confidence in you!!
Lmfao.
This is what my America looks like, the folks we vote for should talk to us to find out what we want. Unlike the GOP, their cowards
If you are Russian or work for Exxon
Unless he or staff responds to your DMs and takes unbiased questions he's not "talking" with any of us. He's dictating.
FYI - Bush, Jr. didn't require her to prove loyalty or lie for him or be #GOP to be able to record his interview or take photos.
Thank you for your persistence and transparency.  Run in 2020. I'll put together an unbeatable posse. Liz2020
Trump has a new out reach program for working women.
Thanks for showing up!  Nice to see a representative that isn't afraid of their constituency.  :)
Especially one whos done nothing for them.
#THANKYou
#EndlessGratitude
I was so proud to be one of those shocked people in overflow! My son Maverick adores you! Keep fighting the good fight, Senator! We love you
Did you all smoke from the peace pipe?
Thank you SenWarren!
Trump has a new out reach program for working women.
Is this a Trump rally?

Smoking that peace pipe.
Republicans they are robbing the Poor to Give the RICH folks that can afford life! I make $735 a month SS Can Republicans live on that! NOT
Keep following the crowd you fool,  wake up and read . Quit falling for this same sad story.
Ms Elizabeth I personally want 2 thank you 4 being U & standing up 4 what is RIGHT!  And also for being a PROUD WOMAN in a sea of MEN!
Trump has a new out reach program for working women.
Sounds like a Trump rally
Except Warrens people are literate and sane.
Oh yes they must have went to college.  Wake up fool & quit following the crowd.
No town halls from North Carolina Senators. @SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis where you at?
They came to see for themselves that somebody like you actually exists
It's a lecture hall not an auditorium. This is what a full one looks like 
Notice the caption? Early fake news!
Democrats just want other people's money EARN YOUR OWN!
now that is very sad to see so many liberals all in one space
How much did your evil puppet master George Soros pay them?
While Paul Ryan hides!  You are a good person!
The room did not hold that many people.Your making a fool out of yourself saying this.I hope you didn't pay them like Hillary did
Democrats will continued to lose elections unless they get rid of you and Sander, who are so far to the left.  Think about it.
People who want a hand out! They think government makes everything fair and equal.
Oh Elizabeth, that's a Trump rally. You are deceitful. Can't believe anything you say. Pocahontas.

Yeah!  We Americans still belong to the rest of the world. Obama Care must stay. the demi-gods are ignorant of humanity
Hoa!We cannot let those 2 demi-gods stop the Investigations.  We can never make friends with that murderer, dictator Pu.
How many of them claimed phony Indian status too?
Dear warren stop being a bilderberg shill engage in et alien disclosure

Love you!
They heard you would have lots of handouts, the liberal MO. I get lots of pigeons in the park with bread. There's absolutely do difference.
We will fight the power and beat up the people who oppose us
WOW!!! you are REALLY, REALLY Something Else!! Showing Them how it's Done!! #womenempowerment #ImpeachTrump
Is there that many mentally impaired people in Massachusetts. Must be something in the water. Or our schools real suck.
And they refuse to fly the American flag! Scumbags
That area of Massachusetts are all left wing moon bats with trust funds who have no clue about dirt under ones fingernails-
That all you got?
Thanks for coming to see and listen to us!

You are ready. You go girl. Make it happen. Yiu have my vote.
I know many who will vote for you and your progressive views. Team up with Bernie & you will have my vote. Run baby run.
If you remain steadfast w/single payer and fighting predatory behvaiors as reg rolled back on WallSt we will fight for you
Great turn out
@RepBradWenstrup  I'm sure we could do the same here in Cincinnati! We want you to be clear where we stand on so many issues.
what do you think of Ivanka and her involvement in the G20 meetgs. We know the G20 is nothing more than Global Corporate Greed
@realDonaldTrump good job Elizabeth Warren.
If no voter fraud - Why are only Dem Governors refusing to cooperate? What are they trying to hide
But I REALLY wish you would STOP screaming....
Is Pittsfield a place where there are many native Americans?
Small auditoriums don't hold much
I can see my shoulder and hair behind the flag lol
I'd love to see Warren, Waters, and Harris team up and kick Trumps's ass.  And slap Paul Ryan too.
@marcorubio Watch and learn.
There certainly are a lot of socialists in this country.
Heard in an echo chamber. You, senator, have made yourself irrelevant.
Hey IDIOT.....That's Right..I'm Talking to you Warren....This is the FUTURE for YOU...and all the rest of The IDIOT LEFT
AHAHAHAHAHA..Keep on dreaming IDIOTSThe More you fight against the tide..The further out you goLiberalism is Quicksand..UR Drowning
Behold the Resistance. Or "Freedom Fighters" if you prefer.
Did you tell them that you are a liar Liz? Let them know what you did. Show them this as a visual aod.
Thank you for actually doing your job and meeting with your constituents, unlike my senators @JohnBoozman  and @SenTomCotton.
Cuckoo Warren smoking peace pipe
Yes, there are a lot of stupid people in this country! Thankfully not enough to get you and your ilk elected to the White House!
Amazing how many people show up when you offer FREE stuff
False promises class warfare suffocating regulation an end to the constitution confiscatory taxes the end of freedom you go girl
YOU GO GIRL!
How much were they paid lying squaw
How could any man support this looney broad!  If you do, turn over your "man card" along with your balls!   #GoTrump!
@Spone63 please run for president !
Lizzy, you have no clue what America needs!     It's not your bullshit, that's for sure!
Shame on anyone who came to see this fraud.
She in a high school auditorium. Trump filled arenas. Pathetic
Why won't you take the @23andMe test?
Lmao.
What is the difference between Paul Ryan and Elisabeth Warren? Nothing bolth Globalist scum tring to ruin America for Americans. Lies lies
@POTUS is gonna be jealous..
Remember folks, there's no amendment giving you the right to keep and bare your money! So vote blue!
People like you when you aren't trying to steal your money!!!
Fauxchahontas Notaninjun

Proud to be a Mass. Citizen, and to have you, Sen. Warren, and Sen. Markey representing us.
Thank you for being brave enough to hold a town hall. You're one of the few who care what their constituency actually wants and needs.
I fell in "love" with you yesterday (if that makes sense). Thank you for standing for us, & representing what the people ACTUALLY want. 
A lot of people wanting to see a #FakeIndian kind of like that two headed snake on the other side of Amarillo.  #MorbidCuriosity
If the stats are 20 million, will lose insurance, that's less than 1 percent, so we're gonna fuck the other 99 + percent?  Scamming again??
High deductible plans with HSAs.  Incentivize personal savings.  Stop focusing on single pay system.
Democrates panned and passed the obamacare crap,  WHY are republicans  being blamed?  It's shit and you all know it!!!!
Why did Congress pass a irresponsible  health act in the first place, without reading It?  It shit, get rid of it.
hope they vote!
Why is everyone blami ng rerpulivans when democrats have been in control of washington 70 years - by way, I'm not demo or rep
Gee a senator who enthusiastically puts on a town hall instead of hiding like Cruz, Rubio, and Paul Ryan,
4000% bigger than your 67 followers troll
This is AWESOME!!!!
Yay! #Massachusetts, making me homesick for my last home! #Pittsfield!
YOU are "bragging" about crowd size? Funny, all of you libs have ALWAYS found  fault with such unimportant details
Great! I hope you gave them all access to a Voter Registration too! Please start talking & doing something about Interstate Cross Check!
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
Quite the pow wow, Pocahontas. But all I see is a bunch of old white people. Where's the diversity? #whiteprivilege
I think you'd be an outstanding candidate for president in 2020 but the US needs you in the senate. Who could take your place there?
Look @GOP @SpeakerRyan this is what guys look like. Hold town halls. Listen to your constituents. Grab a set.
We can't help it if MA voters have been hoodwinked by you, the rest of us know what an obstructionist you are, out for yourself only!!
Moonbat convention with the FAKE INDIAN. How boring and all BS
... she said above the roar of Donald Trump's gnashing teeth.
@SpeakerRyan -funny, Liz Warren isn't afraid to hold a town hall meeting b/c she's smarter and stronger than you- truth will unite &conquer
Fake Native American.
I dont suppose @SpeakerRyan was watching how that works? Liz, those were some large crowds, were you worried at all?
She only lies when her mouth moves
And now Trump wants to join Putin in Cyber security issues
i don't see many native americans
BS. As usual filled with foolish people who sit and listen to a proven lie.
Liberals are mentally ill !!
Bravo but Interesting that your republican colleagues like @SpeakerRyan, Pat Toomey, et al don't feel the need to have them. Wonder why?
Auditorium ≠ Stadium. #SizeDoesMatter
Most Republican Voters Don’t See Trump As A Problem - The Ring Of Fire https://youtu.be/bTN6OyXh-lI   #TRUTH DEM's GOT 2 UP YOUR GAME or JUST STOP
How many of them were paid just show up. Like the the Dems did when Hillary was running. Get on the boat Elizabeth
Senator Warren, you live in a fake, crazy fantasy world that exposes your mental unstableness and ignorance.  You need professional help.
thanks 4 stopping 2 talk to those of us waiting outside. Some of us made it in 2 hear the q&a too!
Blowhard 
Thank you for being an advocate and listening to our concerns. We need more leaders like you
#TheResistance #resist #TrumpRussia
. @SpeakerRyan should be taking notes
Elisabeth Warren is pitiful and a disgrace
Two auditoriums full of mentally impaired mentally ill people that believe any crap the American hater has to say. Pitiful
Gonna need a larger venue for your next town hall Elizabeth!
Did you tell them they wouldn't get their SS checks if they didn't show up
Can't take you serious auditoriums? Did you do a rain dance and tap your mouth going how waah wow a how a wow a? You fraud?
Yes Freedom of Speach is not just a right it is a responsibility, to see the needs of America are met.
DID ANYBODY ASK ABOUT #AwanBrothers?
I am so fortunate to live in Massachusetts and be represented by intelligent and compassionate reps!
I love in Kentucky no hope for a town hall. @SenateMajLdr @RandPaul
Sorry about the typo live in Kentucky
You are the woman, Ms. Elizabeth!!
I  Pittsfield.
Save the Country 
#alternativefacts Well done - the @GOP is too chicken  to have townhall meetings
No platform. Just a bunch of 45 haters.
Did you ever take the "23andMe" test, Fauxcahontis?
Did you tell them what you were doing in Afghanistan? I'm sure that's at the forefront of every Massachusetts farmer's mind.
Restore America's Values (RAV). Go defeat @realDonaldTrump
How much did you pay them.to show up?
Anyone who would take the time to listen to you is a bigger Fool than you are
Wow!
With Republican gerrymandering and voter suppression, will this make the difference or will the #GOP traitors steal another election?

How many Native Americans we there, your peeps...:-)
Key words: "filled 'pittsfield town hall" good gracious, what a feat that must have been....
Wow that's awesome ! Say... why does that bird in that one picture have antennas? So weird
Cute auditorium
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE STAND UP.....UNITY
@ThomasZeGreat
bfd the leaches of the system have a vested interest of course they show up their forman made sure of that
Democracy at work!!
You go Elizabeth! Congrats! SRO! 
All right everybody. Let's go outside and take a picture.
Have you used that free DNA test yet?
You couldn't fill a bathroom stall with people wanting to hear your bullshit lies! Stop trying to compete with YOUR POTUS who fills stadiums
Sheer curiosity or paid supporters!!!
Hey look who showed up to the 413! Lizzy it's not what your country can do for you it's what you can do for your country!
Thank you, Senator Warren.  You give us all hope.
We love you.....viva USA
Mrs Warren. Don't kid yourself. A couple of thousand to 20 thousand does not add up. Wait tell the voters catch on. Bye bye mrs warren.
Nice to see you bragging about crowd size like @realDonaldTrump
I feel so ripped off. Cruz scheduled a tiny meeting that only a few were allowed to go to. Ans 4 pre-selected ? from written submissions.
While the Gop can't even hold town halls from fear, and have to hand select participants. Imua Sen Warren!
how much of soros's money did U have to pay them Lie.a.honas!
OH a politician that ISN'T afraid to hold a real town hall meeting with general public, fancy that . Bravo !
.@SenateGOP .@HouseGOP Town halls and F2F meetings with your constituents should be required. #doyourjob or move on. #theresistance
There are some who are Proud, & have nothing to hide. Having Honor & Integrity 
Then others who cry "the Press is the Enemy "
#Trumprussia
Thanks for heading out to western MA!!!
Guess who's NOT afraid of her constituents? Elizabeth FKG Warren. .@GOP you're either LAZY or  #theresistance is #wokeAF
REALLY?
Still not bigger than a TRUMP rally...sorry but thanks for playing.
Soros outdid himself. What was the going rate to endure a Dem town hall?
The auditoriums only held a few hundred each. Tell the real truth fake Indian lady.
Wow, you are some fake Christian. Go pray to your fake god. The real God doesn't teach what you are preaching buddy.
you give us hope! thank you!!!!
Love that you meet your constituents and are unafraid like the other side of the aisle
And thank you for listening & representing #Massachusetts so well!  #Pittsfield rocks!
Thanks @SenWarren and please let @senrobportman know that he's allowed to do a #TownHall too. He still hasn't got the message.
You do not represent the working class or our insurance and finances you have no clue what decisions we have to make don't act like u do
