Funny, LGBT?? You mean like the pro moslem Democrat party??
Guess you have no problem with Islam
Obviously you know nothing of that ideology-islam is a political as well as "religious" -no separation of church and state
I actually read the evil Koran, have done 2 papers on Islam and politics- it's very similar to Nazism, and it is militant
"Peaceful religion "Yr kidding right? obviously haven't been keeping tabs the last 50 years. 
No knowledge of Islam obviously
@trvanes @realDonaldTrump why did you vote yes for Carson?
I can't stand any of the cabinet picks but I'd guess a dem voting against all of them could easily get painted into corner. ..
civil rights fighters didn't worry about being painted in corners
Republicans in Congress  and Senate haven't worried last 8 years,  obstructing @BarackObama ,  time for Dems 2 fight!
Corretion-5 years- you "Pass it b4 we read it" liberal morons owned the country for 3 years
don't you have to go pay some taxes for you wall?
well, bankrupcy is always an option. cough, from 2011... http://www.forbes.com/sites/clareoconnor/2011/04/29/fourth-times-a-charm-how-donald-trump-made-bankruptcy-work-for-him/#26f1ea7a6f7a …
Obviously you know nothing of business-has 80% success rate..unheard of .
Then why the hell are you voting for his facist regime, @SenWarren? WHY? WE supported you when he bullied you but you're gonna give in??
Sounds like your in a bind. We control all house seats. Good luck in trying to fight it.
*you're*
Sure am..we are #MakingAmericaGreatAgain
Make it great, girl. You know he didn't win.
He won the same way Obama won...so what are ya saying?
Obama won the popular vote Trump didn't. Better hope  your son doesn't marry a "Mexican" @txbobbismith1 @Hoosyourdaddy99
my son did marry a legal mexicn..and I have the most beautiful grandson.
@catalishus2 @realDonaldTrump please stop confirming his nominees. Fight back.
Agree!! POTUS is so bad for country!  So divisive, narcissistic, & corrupt. Reminiscent of dictator.
I dare you to say this into the faces of US citizens whose loved ones were raped,tortured, murdered by muslims!
http://Elizabethwarrenwiki.org  Doesn't your daughter run Demos aka ACORN for Soros? Do you plan to cheat again in 2018?
I feel so much safer now that pres Trump is in the oval office, never felt safe under Obama.
Do you think we're strong and united now? #clueless #indenial #panderingforvotes
I've never felt more divided. This is unsettling. This is undemocratic. This is unacceptable. #TheResistance
disappointed in you.
why?
she's approved some of his horrible cabinet picks .
name one and why. I'm curious.
Ben Carson. She just voted yes on him. Couldn't tell you why. That's where I'm confused too.
why don't you like him? who would you suggest as an improvement?
He doesn't know Anything about housing and low income families! Cronniism at its finest!
he grew up poor. he must have one bad case of amnesia if he knows nothing about low income families...
VOTE AGAINST HIM!!!! For everything!!!! OBSTRUCT!!!!! Fight like Republicans do. We have everything to lose.
Thank God for strong woman like Senator Warren. She is doing great things.
Libs, he's talking about CRIMINAL illegals, doesnt take a $400,000 class to know that. Your hysteria so funny
It starts with "criminal", then mentally disabled, then uneducated, then...Read "Mein Kampf".
A little drama there..BTW Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Castro, Chavez all progressive/socialist/ liberal..
just like Trump
Sounds like every moslem country actually..learn history Spain under Franco was the only "facist" state

Just a bunch of talk to evade the issue that SHE VOTED YES TO BEN CARSON
yeah but you still voted in his cabinet!!! WTF Warren
this is just rude. Get a life Cuck.
YOU AND YOUR SOCIALIST CRONIES AND MEDIA ARE THE ONES TEARING THIS COUNTRY APART. GROW UP
Were do you live? we have never been so separated, no union in USA, worse than ever, I know, I was a RN in Bx.

I'm a liberal woman. You progressives have high jacked our party and are destroying it. Stop!!!
I have huge amounts of respect for you, but this is all hot air if you're just going to approve his nominations.
i'd love to see every (D) senator lose their seat after filibustering something so petty as his nominations. Please @SenWarren make my day.
petty as nominations?? These are cabinet appointments. They run entire departments of our government!!
Just shocking to libs that republican would nominate cons. #liberalmeltdown =delicious #dealwithit
you are just regurgitating what other have said. Not stating facts. Very mature of you
Donald Trump is creating a nation of depressed people. Can you ask him to put Prozac down the drain?
what do you know about united? All you do is divide w identity politics.
He KNOWS that. He WANTS that
Is Soros paying 4 your attempt at a 2nd term next year? Maybe u should retire, 1 & done.
you will be judged by history as the worse senator
The has some as awesome people that he meets with everyday..no need to be afraid dear. Just work with him You a smart senator
how can we get this 'wall money' to go towards something meaningful like education, infrastructure or pharma drug reform?
Don't worry- that'll all be taken care of soon enough by  @realDonaldTrump  You'll see. 
education will fail under trump
Unfortunately, America's children will suffer as a result of this failure.
I guess you people think the kids didn't suffer under pres-o-do-nothing the last 8 years.
the education system has been strategically downgraded since the 80s...
Lizzy get on board with #MAGA  You just don't get it Sis ! 
With all due respect - then let's stop him.  How much damage does he get to do?#SwampCabinet #ImpeachTrump
and not including Egypt, Turkey and Saudi Arabia in his Muslim ban he protects his personal interests. #EmolumentsClause
Always with the insults first. Unless you're a billionaire, you're not protected from anything in Trump world. FYI AH
well why don't the Dems get spines and stand up???
When did they ever have a spine, they learned from Obama.
funny troll!!Y follow don't u have a Trump tweet to beat off too?!Or Hannity or bill or rush??Ind here not a 
Pres Trump has done more in 5 days than lazy Obama did in 2 terms in office. Obama learned how to milk system.
so make sure you fight the @POTUS Nazi tooth and nail.
I immensely admire you. We are looking for guidance on protecting ourselves from what seems to be inevitable.
@LindaCollins11 @realDonaldTrump why are you voting yes on any of his cabinet picks?
Trump is Uniting the country like never b4. United Against  @realDonaldTrump
So please start voting accordingly on his cabinet picks.
says fake Indian  bla bla bla
- We hope Trump will restore dignity n sense of responsibility o other leader worldwide
then why do you keep rubber stamping his wholly unqualified nominees?
you speak as if you are a member of the opposition, but your actions only speak of complicity...
#Veterans @ZulaQi If you cheer when Drumpf picks his own news channel, you have to Stop Pretending You Love Family & Country
: I believe you....but please, vote NO on Rex Tillerson-the guy has Russian connections.....https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/18/leak-rex-tillerson-director-bahamas-based-us-russian-oil-company …
: I believe you....but please, vote NO on Rex Tillerson-the guy has Russian connections.....
So stop being doormats in House & Senate and DO something. Call GOP out on contradictions and conflicts of interest!
I actually understand the nominations..you all made your point, @realDonaldTrump  is on notice. We R watching!
crazy
http://www.dcstatesman.com/remember-obama-supported-border-wall/ …
@cmcneilstein @realDonaldTrump Then DO Something NOW
PATHETIC Elizabeth....YOU ARE REALLY PATHETIC!!!
Liz is all bark and no bite. Sold out Bernie to endorse Hillary. Selling out again to approve Ben Carson.
Impeachment is the only course of action any of our representatives need to be considering. Tell the House to GET GOING.
We are strong and united? Really? Have you watched the news for the last 2 years? Denial much?
shoulda backed Bernie eh?
what can we do to protect our country from the reckless and unstable @realDonaldTrump?
We need another civil war to stop this sht?
I feel stronger and more united with Trump than any BHO and his monotonous divisiveness
@Angela2932 @realDonaldTrump so what are u guys gonna do about it? He's crazy and needs to b impeached
so why are you voting for his cabinet selection #Imletdownbyyou
preach! @realDonaldTrump is a fraud! Take him down!
Stand up 2 him. Bullies r insecure people. Find their weakness & deliver it to them on a platter
How about taking care of the Citizens of Massachusetts instead of trying to be a national figure!
I see our Country being destroyed from within. Sicker people, very poor schools, & unsafe and unhealthy foods
@monkeyaunt1950 @realDonaldTrump Time for the Dems to fight him tooth and nail!
If we're lucky he will crash and burn soon. He can't keep this up unless we allow it. He must be stopped.
Says the losing side to create fear. Losing power and prestige is very difficult, maybe a shrink can help.
sad !
well you're not making us safer voting for Ben Carson
Um....yeah. That's why you have to keep fighting.
campaigning?? Hear you're in a little bit of trouble
please stop them from destroying Social Security and Medicare!!!
SO TRUE. YOU GO GIRL.
@kimkep DJT's actions are focused on his own gain and immediate gratification. The USA is about the long haul. #electionday2020
So disappointed...looks like the Dema vowing to have "our" back and fight are shrinking day by day #spinelessDems #bencarson
Then why did you approve of Carson?
his actions will make the poor poorer, and the rich richer. Need more #JustUs in gov't http://jmcam80.wixsite.com/jmcussenate 
Senator Warren why don't you pray for your President? I Tim 2:1-2.  Praying for you & family.
while we build a wall Flint doesn't have drinking water#flintneedshelpmrtrump
When you give any speeches, say what the facts are about less people coming over and no real crime from immigrants. please
please ask who sent @USPTO to my copy of @EPA #climatchange site? https://twitter.com/iRadioTube/status/824675777102766081 … do tell.
Don't listen to these people. Trump is a mentally ill person. We need to get him out asap.
Putin is in charge, #PutinsPuppet trump has such low IQ he plays well as a #putinstooge
miss Warren...you seem to be the culprit that would attempt to lead a nation to anarchy by your word and deeds
He signed a death warrant for many women. He's our Executioner-in-Chief, a mass #murderer in the making.
what are the senate doing to stop him? So when he signs the executive order to abolish the 1st amendment then what?
Dear Liz, what have YOU done to make me safe?
He forgets that he is supposed to serve the Americans.  But, instead he is scaring us with his dictatorship.
Managing by fear only yields short term gains.
TELL IT!!!!
Then WHY ARE YOU VOTING WITH HIM
opinion
Distract from RUSSIAN influence over Trump and over election. Illegitimate president. prove me wrong!#resist
we were never strong & united with you Liberal Morons in charge! Now Trump has to fix everything Obama did!!
stop approving his shill cabinet members. Stop complaining and do something. Obstruct or be part of the problem.
For starters, block, delay, defend our core values. Stop "playing nice", remember the term "rat-fu$k" that's what they are doing
girl
come to the US legally- some break our laws. YOU believe the law sh  be broken Ridiculous Dangerous
Working for me, feel safer than we did with Obama.
@remizmomma @realDonaldTrump vote NO on everything. Block it! Don't cower, resist! They did it to us for 8 years, come on now!
I want my vote for you in 2020 to have a chance of mattering. You people need to buck up and start resisting.
how the hell would you know? Have a meeting with your coven?
Why are you Against Keeping US Safe ?? Can't be strong & United if an illegal Kills US ? 
(the LOSER) @realDonaldTrump  That's funny, I feel SO MUCH SAFER, already ! The country was not united under Obama.
You just can't seem to grasp that people in this country have not felt strong and united for several years.
You are continuing down a path of failure by bending over to Trump and voting to support his agenda.
so is you confirming his cabinet picks but alright
have they found a cure yet?
; Warren, so out of touch. She lives in a world of denial. Doubt she ever worries about her personal safety.
The Lying King
Block him at every turn.
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
I love kids, respect all genders, welcome immigrants, support education & health care 4 all. I VOTE. LISTEN UP.
then why did you vote to confirm Ben Carson? Shameful.
'strong and united' You think this country has been 'strong and united' these past ten years?
Fauxcahauntas is stumping 4 votes again. Learning how bipartisan Gov't works may help. It's democracy Dopey.
tell that to the families who lost loved ones killed by illegals or don't they count
I respect you greatly ma'am, but stand up to him! Vote down his picks when you know they are inappropriate
how do we stop him
So true we USA can't afford
Apparently you are going to vote yes on people like Ben Carson and "pick your battles" that's not good enough and won't work.
I like you senator. I do. But you and others keep talking about this stuff but don't tell us what you are going to do about it.
false again. Obama did a fantastic job of that. Safer? Refugees? Ludicrous.
Stick a feather where the Sun doesn't Shine, Sen. Warren. PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL MAGA!
No they will not Elizabeth you're lying again. Stop spreading you lies! @BostonGlobe @masslivenews Don't Reelect
So the fabric of our society is reliant upon those here illegally?

That fabric being the destruction you, @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats & @BarackObama perpetrated on the Americans?
trump - making America sicker, poorer and less safe again.
Can you please save us all from @realDonaldTrump ? It'll take a LOT to undo all the harm he causes but you'd be an amazing POTUS!
fake American
if our nation is in harmony,sanders clinton warren pelosi  obama soros what will they do if life goes well for everyone?
Senator Warren, you and your leftist liberalist tore the country apart. Trump will bring it back together
At least half this county supports our president!
with all due respect perhaps not voting to confirm his cabinet nominees would be a first step to stopping the madness.
How could you approve Ben Carson? What logic dictates that? We need more resistance and less accommodation!
then why aren't ALL dem senators coming together and BLOCKING ALL nominees instead of voting for some of them?! Hypocrisy much?
... Tonto is calling. Best run for the hills. This great America you see thru rose colored glasses is fixin' to get FIXED! TRUMP 
which is why we n Ed our Senators and Reps to step up and block him every step of the way.
shut up. If it won't work open your front door and let them come into your house anytime they want
Ben Carson......really? Dems are rapidly becoming part of the problem not the solution. You disappoint me.
"tear apart the fabric that makes us strong & united." Where do you come up with this swill? #givingdopesavoice
@truthontrump1 @realDonaldTrump.  When can we start the impeachment process on Trump...Americans will push for this!
. Trump not my president. He has done huge damage to Our country and faith. We are not safe. Hell.
. Sen.Warren You need to tell Trump hands off to Medicare and Social Security.Devastation.

- your vote for Ben Carson made @realDonaldTrump stronger. Stop tweeting & start working. Tired of talk, need action
And that's president trump to you

No enemies on the Left.  Correct, Senator?
fight them tooth and nail
spewing all this nonsensical drivel won't get you re-elected in 2018. How about some substance?
absolutely not #americaisonthe righttrack
Why don't you turn off your default button and say something original. You're boring like a worn out record.
Elizabeth, you, again,are wrong!! I think you're worried that some of your sleazy decisions will come out.
You do not represent us! You Only  represent #hillary and #Madonna. #BuildTheWall
Smoke another one Lizzy
so OBSTRUCT him! don't play nice.
Maga is going to happen
Warren is WRONG again. Geez, You never get it right! Be a winner.  Join Trump #MAGA
That's what he is trying to achieve. "United we stand, divided we fall"@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
wrong

Nice bipartisan spirit....
Why are you voting to confirm Ben Carson?
sorry Obama already divided our nation, you're just looking to put nails in the coffin. Learn to enforce congress passed US laws.
@Sweethoney_D @realDonaldTrump From someone who plays the role of a clown in Washington. You do not know jack shit!
oh you mean lying and stealing like you have done for 30 years?  Losers grasping at straws.keep it up=re-elected
. @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump Senator Warren, please stop this maniac from filtering facts from the public! Violation of the 1st ammendment
why did you vote to confirm Carson?
Shows your ignorance.  The government first priority is to protect the citizens of the USA and this is a start
You utter these platitudes and still approve all of his candidates. Trump *owns* you.
Your actions of approving Trump's cabinet picks won't make us safer either
You need to fight him at every turn!  We all must!
@sherrilee7 Ben Carson? Really? You just don't get it.
He wants to divide/destabilize  till the opposition looses common ground & is unable to resist. Don't let him get away with it!
@Kaimen_Miller When we want your opinion, we'll ask for it...
@SallyAlbright @realDonaldTrump so why did you vote for Carson? This is not politics, its war!
The Senate needs to take the http://lead.Show  us how you all will stand up to him. Set a good example
let's stop being polite here. Trump is fucking nuts, and must be stopped.
your country was corrupt as can be. The President will #draintheswamp
