Company stockholders voted in current board. Dangerous when non-elected officials hire and fire corp. directors . Smacks of fascism.
If they did that what would happen to their Senator @SenBobCorker ? #IAintNoHedgeFund #fanniegate $FNMA $FMCC @POTUS #NotAHedgeFund
Why do you want to terrorize a public company? Maybe open a bank of your own and then run it "like it should be"
They shouldn't have to be told.
Hold them accountable!
The federal reserve is unconstitutional...they have no authority...anywhere
This administration relieves in conservatism that's selling out to the corporates and the creamy and privileged 1%. Shame!
That's right, they don't serve conservatism just lobbyist.
Thank you for the courage to get the ball rolling, Senator.
How many estrogen patches do you have to wear to get this progressively beta?
No corporate welfare!
No welfare for liers. Pocahontas
Except, half the board are prob your former students 
More cowards
There's not enough courage in the universe when you're afraid of money and those who control it
Liar!
@MariaBartiromo well defend ur point poke.
Americans need the courage to prosecute you for lying about your heritage and getting free money for school. Pocahontas
U champion $15 min wage but barely pay ur aides anything. Another BS talking point from radical Dem that refuses 2 practice what they preach
@politico @POTUS Warren instead of asking the  Federal Reserve to hold Wells Fargo accountable get rid of them and the government can do it.
For once I agree....the Fed is as bought and corrupt as any federal agency in any despot country
If memory serves me, Trump has not appointed members but have been for a little time
Banks are getting real strong after all the clean-up of their loan portfolios, no more loaning to those who can't repay, just common sense
It'll never happen. The Fed needs to be audited. But that won't ever happen either.
The @federalreserve is more afraid than @POTUS
Not with Mnuchin ! Thanks!
Courage is in short supply in Washington
They should lead by example
The federal reserve is owned by the same people who own wells Fargo
Federal reserve was created to STEAL ev1's $ lie about it create $ out of thin air n purposely keep ppl n debt ABOLISH FEDERAL RESERVE
The federal reserve is a crock of shit n just a nice way of enslaving the ppl n stealing all there money hv NO biz in charge of US $'sCorupt
No courage in government-pass the buck, pass the blame, get your check & wait for retirement & govt pension. Bankers stare @ screens all day
How much $$$ they made. Greed
Just ima
Anyone who lies about who they are should be held accountable.
Audit the Fed
you should probably not hold them accountable lol
with all the work the federal reserve did for the #obamaadministration when it's privately owned
 your a fool to think the @federalreserve cares what laws @WellsFargo broke....
Senator Warren I work 4 Wells Fargo. Let's hope the penalties 2 the Federal Reserve don't come out of salaries of employees. Just the guilty
What about the leadership of GM who filed bankruptcy after the government bailout?
Very dangerous when Senators recommend the removal of leaders in private enterprise?  Where does it end?   Depend on campagin contributions?
Elizabeth Warren - This happened when Obama was President. Why are you talking about it now? Very strange, very strange!!
"You know how to stop me, but you don't have the discipline"
Leonard Cohen - Manhatten
Absolutely, we shall uphold the justice and restore the public trust. Help Wells to right its deeds.
Your right, and the employees as well.
By your standards, you should also ask the President of @Harvard to be removed bc of his failure to oversee your minority grant approvals.
They should be fined & jailed
That will never happen. Not with the GOP determined to protect Trump.
Your 8 years late lady. Obama bailed them all out. Where was your voice then.
Use your connections from running the CFPB to get that done for us
SENATOR WARREN I'M SURE YOU PUT ENOUGH FEAR IN THEIR HEARTS; I SEEN THE HEARING ;IT WILL ALSO PREVENT OTHER BANKS FOR SUCH BEHAVIOR!
SENATOR WARREN THEIR IS NO JUSTIFICATION IN MAKING S HASTY DECISION BECAUSE OF ONLY ONE ACTION BECAUSE OF ONE MAN'S GREED! RETURN HATE WLOVE
The market will fix this like it does everything else.Stop meddling.Customers will choose other options & shareholders/boards will correct.
Warren, please help the party get organized!!!  Need focused building dialogue.  Need platform.  Need unity.  Please.
Seriously, courage? What does courage have to do with it? If they have the legal authority, then they have the legal obligation.
The Federal Reserve is an illegal crime syndicate and must be outlawed with its members and supporters jailed.
You have the authority to hold Lynch, Comey and Clinton accountable. Do it.
Please put pressure on them to do so. Their actions set a bad precedent!
Keep on em Elizabeth!
The Fed Reserve is a sham. There is nothing "Federal" about it. It's a private institution that protect banks. Your point is @SenWarren?
How frustrating that they have the legal authority and they have to be encouraged our system is so broken!!! Do the right thing!
Are you kidding, and risk their bonuses?
Not courage. Integrity
@SenWarren:Congress HAS the legal authority to dissolve The Fed banks by an act of Congress-stop the corruption+help #MAGA. @POTUS
Yeeeeah, it has the authority. Do it? Make you a bet.
In hiring and firing decisions, they don't.  Do you even read the laws that Congress passes?
We demand an apology for your 6 month rant about Russian collusion that ended up being a false narrative and cost us millions.
Sen Warren you'd agree that Wells Fargo  happened under President Obamas watch
Or the *will* to do it!
On a successful prosecution, termination and clawback from board, c-suite all the way down to district managers would not be inappropriate.
I couldn't agree more.
Sorry, wrong person got elected. Maybe 2020.
Accountability .... Really ... Banks has proven it dishonesty to no avail  It is CRIMINAL
Cons: Dems never want to address problems they're involved in. Dems try to address said problems. Cons: Hypocrites!
You mean Wells FRAUDGO
I hope you really mean it and you will follow and insist that this actually will be happening.
How's that courage thing working out. Instead of too big to fail, we should have a too big to corrupt policy.
Just like in the UK, US is run by well connected mediocrity
What is it that they have done?
Go away, you unbelievable hack.
You know that 3-4 banking families pull the strings in the world...Rothschild, Rockefeller, and JP Morgan/Chase to name a few.
Obama could have held all the banks accountable! For needing a bailout! But he chose to cover up Bill's failures instead!
@WellsFargo actually has a new ad that says" we never stop thinking of new ways to access your money" I swear
Truth in advertising
Banks lay off people constantly. I wish voters of MA would lay you off!
courage isn't a factor. it's against their own "interest" to do so.
No one holds anyone actually guilty accountable anymore. We just blame others. We've hit a new low as a species.
The FED is a criminal organization that should be audited and disbanded. Nothing Wells or any other bank has ever done holds a candle to FED
@SenWarren WF is not the only problem. It's @jpmorgan as well. If banks break the law, @FSCDems @GOP must hold executives accountable.
Hmmmm...accountable? Nasty!
Congress has the legal authority to hold the @federalreserve accountable. It just needs the courage to do it.
@federalreserve owns @congressdotgov , not the other way around.
again. .. good luck on that one
Wow did Wells Fargo cut your special interest checks?
TY @SenWarren  for keeping up the fight
The federal Reserve has Wells Fargo's dick so far up its ass that it comes right out their mouths.
If only you were as honest as you demand Wells Fargo be.  Your obsession is as disturbing as your hypocrisy. You need to go.
do u think name calling helps?
Not as long as they are in each other's pockets. Not gonna happen.
But it could.. hope is good.
And all of Humanity has the moral authority to hold all you Capitalist Pigs accountable, they just need the courage to do it.
Accountability is good. But let's not let that descend into an abuse of the advantages of capitalism
What are your plans for stopping the AHCA getting rammed through ?
so ... that means it'll never happen. :(
