Saudi Arabia has taken no refugees at all and they are the home of the two holiest mosques in Islam. Please explain
Saudi Arabia has 500,000 Syrian refugees according to BBC reports
seems like naming convention issue especially considering number in Lebanon, Turkey, Jordan, Kuwait, UAE, etc
no it is an issue on how Saudis view Syrians through the social, religious, and security lenses. Complicated society
I'd agree but it's disingenuous at best to say no syrian refugees in KSA when we only have 16,000 and they have 500,000
the Independent says 100,00 , BBC,  says 500,000, KSA says 1.5M. my guess is before the civil war there were 100,000 workers in KSA
CIA Factbook says 100,000 in 2011. I don't trust KSA reports of millions at all. Truth probably between 100-500 thousand
you would do anything to undermine our President who has done more in his last week than Obunghole did in 8 hideous years
Obunghole is a curious word
Islam is not a religion is a cult, that believes a girl who has her menses is a woman, also that they can have sex with slave boy
do you like to spread lies on the internet or do you just not know what you are talking about?
Truth comes from the one true God, and his advice, that prevents consequences, not from pedophiles religions.
we have this little thing here called the Constitution. It says separation of church and state.
this is to protect Religious freedom, Islam do not believe in freedom, check What they believe
you have been an expert on Islam since when?
since one was family, and I studied the story since the beginning,
you had a Muslim person in your family?  Must have been heartbreaking for you, still doesn't make you an expert
Or not I suppose anything could be used.  Why not do what's best for our country.
Sharia Law: When your religion requires that you hate someone; maybe you should find another religion.
Jesus says, "Love your enemies & do good to those who treat you spitefully." A TRUE RELATIONSHIP OF PEACE!
incredible we have such man as a president. Let's be ready for 2020.
yes, Trump IS incredible.
No, he is not. He is a narcissistic clown who wants to be a dictator. Wake up!
liar!liar!.. religion has nothing to do with it..again ..fake news hilary
oh, so they occasionally happened to be MUSLIM-MAJORITY countries, all of them?
they need to be stopped. You'll thank us later
damn skippy!!
As a woman u should b more concerned about better vetting. Sharia law and treatment of females should constitute more concern
bullshit
no you are sadly wrong again! Radical Islamic Terrorists just HATE Americans, period! It is not our fault.no matter what we do.
well that's more we have to take out, buckle up!
@davemcclure you had 8 years to come up with a safer solution and what did that solve? Nothing.
the US was founded by immigrants & refugees. in case u forgot: "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses..."
o'no apologized, called them JV team. O'no was incompetent!!! He could have obliterated isis but he and Killery were in w/EVIL!
Isn't it unconstitutional? I mean, he's giving preference to Christian refugees. Special prosecutor?
yes, but we have done the same in the past. 
no. Constitution gives autonomy to govt for immigration rules. There's no right to immigrate here
not the point. The question is one of a religion test for immigration. 1/
that is the point. Govt is free to enact any rule they wish for immigration.
as long as it doesn't violate the constitution. This does!
where in the constitution does it say freedom to immigrate? read it.
I don't have the time to educate you both. Take a civics class!
It would be like denying Nazis based on their fucked up ass backwards ideology.
it's nothing like that.
You're right the muslims are even worse. Hitler allowed Jews to fight for him muslims want non muslims dead
probably about 1% of muslims want all non muslims dead. not all muslims are part of ISIS dude.
more like 25 to 40% which is hundreds of millions look at the pew polls of muslims around the world
25-40% you are wrong but don't let me stop you from being ignorant. you will believe what you want.
did you review the polls they did They are not candid about hating Kafirs/nonbelievers becus their god wills it
which polls are you referring to?
I'm glad you're speaking up for refugees, I wish you'd have spoken up for Bernie, when it mattered. Or Standing Rock. @bootsie5
or Christian refugees being slaughtered!  She is there for them.  She supports Sharia ship her off!
One can support fellow human beings & not have same beliefs. I believe in supporting all of humanity. @SenWarren @bootsie5
me too, however, I like to be cautious for good reason. When Islamic countries r pushing Sharia then that is a red flag.
NOW you are against this, what about Christians in this country and all over the world being persecuted, guess they don't matter
What are you smoking? It is messing with your 2 brain cells
let's face it, we have a president who will lie cheat and steal. How else can a person become wealthy and keep it.
and how do politicians become wealthy? Exactly.
bahbahbahbah dumdfuck
why did you vote Ben Carson in???
you have something against Ben Carson?
uh. Yeah. He has no qualifications for the job, other than the fact that he's a homeowner.
.@SenWarren Obama turned his back on Christian refugees for years and YOU said NOTHING.
OH? IS THAT WHY ISIS HAS SPREAD? BECAUSE THAT'S BEEN HAPPENING BEFORE TODAY!!!
pretty sure she wasn't implying that ISIS started today.
Do they recruit to huddle together in one place or is their goal to spread the religion of pieces?
the religion of pieces? also, I'm not exactly sure of their recruiting methods.
Yes. They were recruiting using Obama's image because he was pretending to fight them. Should we not fight them?
See?
yeah dude, he was the leader of the United States at the time.  what does this prove?
It proves that they are already using our people & policies to recruit.
because it's more important to save the lives of fertilized eggs than actual human beings
Save the eggs, fuck everything else.
we really need "save the moms" for that to work out well
But they don't care about the health or well being of the moms. Sadly.
partly my point, if you have someone doing drugs, or living unhealthy then babies are screwed why avoid abortiin as an option
because there is a thing called adoption.U can take a baby from a crackwhore & help couples that are non fertile or gay
So now we're going to close clinics AND take babies from women who need help? You think it'll be healthy baby?
I have a better idea. The fathers of the pregnancy can keep the babies of the women denied abortion.
It is unAmerican to turn our backs on those who need safe refuge. We are all immigrants.
on behalf of so many Americans - please run in 2020.
sure run her ass on over to Syria and help her friends the refugees to speak Mohican lol
run for president 2022
the next presidential election is 2020 
and it would guarantee a Trump win
u r an egg with 0 followers
very respectful, congratulations! You officially live in the 19th century!
@LadybugJesse ic, then those Muslim countries who wont take refugees are in trouble with ISIS?
it gives them fuel to say Americans hate Islam. They can recruit more people that way.
When their own religion wont take them in its telling ,its easy to tell a non believer anything true or false.
it's my understanding that many people in many Muslim nations are trying to find a better life for their children
as opposed to making their own country better for their children?
we are fortunate that we can't even begin to understand what these folks go through.
no we cant.  But they need to fight for their country.
much of the time there's nothing left to fight for. In CA they're a vital part of our economy and welcome
Please, DO NOT LIE, Mrs Warren. The mandate says nothing about religion. Is it hard for politicians to tell the truth? is it 4 u?
Lizzie why don't you go talk with the ISIS terrorists Lizzie? You could use a short haircut!
You are a dishonest, lying, career would-be politician. You have no shame, not integrity and your moral compass is out of whack.
And all wars we have in those territories during Bush/Obama? Which recruits terrorists faster?
And refugees!
Actually, it's their gunpowder and suicide vests we're turning our backs to.
We had to swim from canada to Massachusetts. Can you please give us sanctuary? I wiil even quit ISIS if you do.
I and my family of 7 were stopped from re-entering the us after a trip home to iran for additional training by mean ol trump.
Bold-faced lie! Ban has NOTHING to do with Religion. It's about those terrorist hotspots that Obama identified last year that YOU supported.
Why don't you act responsibly as your position demands. You do nothing to shine a positive light on Democrats. Retire, pick up a hobby!
You are so unAmerican that you are pathetic. You and those like you are making America unsafe for America as each day goes by.
They hate us already Liz
Stop lying!  If it's a Muslim ban 40 other countries would be on the list.
Trump neither understands or cares about the term #FreedomOfReligion He is an utter disgrace to the #HumanRace
NONSENSE!!!
but it's a religion that wants to kill infidels
Not true & u should know that, false statement &  like the media false news Close your mouth and open your ears its a new USA.
fake issue, fake cause, fake person, fake party
WHAT ABOUT MY RELIGIOUS LIBERITIES?! muslims don't want my religious beliefs to exist! THEY WANT everyone to be muslim or dead!
Just shut the hell up with your lies! You're senator, for pete's sake, NOW ACT LIKE ONE!
When Obama placed a longer ban nobody said a word -nothing, no protest!
I didn't see any religious language in order...So you lie calling it a Muslim ban. Liar liar pants on fire.
You are a menace!
Extreme vetting? Where was the outcry when persecuted Christians were not even given consideration? #MAGA KnowTheHater=Obama #AmericaFirst
Senator, does it seem to you that media glorifies and repeats certain 'trends' in media rather than investigating news items?
I wish you were more concerned with the thousands of babies being slaughtered every year in the US.

< Fraud
.@SenWarren Your ignorance is glaringly obvious.  #Islam is not a religion, it is an #ideology that is in conflict with #USconstitution.
when God was passing out brains,poccohontis heard "rain" and hid under the porch!  Oh if she only had a brain! 
Turning our backs on MURDERERS WORKS, because:
Your drone strikes illegal entry into Iraq Syria Libya are a better Isis recruiting tool
not about religion
thank you!!
When have you used your 10 million riches for sponsoring a refugee family? Never, you just betray the citizens of the USA .
blah blah blah
Why aren't you sponsoring refugees with your own money. You are rich, but expect taxpayers to support refugees.
We are not turning our backs on refugees because of their religion it is because they want to kill Americans!
So why Obama and YOU didn't bring Christian refugees.... oh discriminating right there!
BANNON
The more you talk the more stupid you sound! Your Moto should be give me a cause any cause as long as I get attention! Lame
it has nothing to do with religion. It has to do with region. #yourlieswillnotdivideus
Democrats turning their backs on Americans because of their religion creates voters for  @realDonaldTrump .  Thank you.
Get it through your thick head this is not against a religion, so stop lying to people!

@rmasher2 that's what this pos potus is trying to do. Start some more wars
@Analisa_Swan agree 100% for first time ever - thankfully this is a state vetting issue for 30 days

It already has. And the video is horrendous beyond your wildest imagination.
They are already here! O saw to this! And you speak bad of @POTUS  when @barackobama615  did all this mess! It's your fault too!
that's a lie aka #FakeNews & the stupidest damn thing I've ever heard. But you're a WINNER! Of the ZERO I.Q. Award. #Fauxcahontas
Suddenly everything that criticizes Trump is fake news. You would have loved Germany in the 30s
You are Germany in the 40's. A today's version of a diehard still sucking on your deposed Führer Obama's teat
if refugees aren't terrorists then how will this cause recruiting fodder for terrorist. Oxymoron. Complete hypocrisy. Smh
please take them into your home. Please let them around your grandkids. Put your money where your big nasty mouth is
instead of spewing even more lies, why don't you actually read the EO and report that?  Because you are nothing but a megaphone
Let's see ...beheading, shooting up night clubs, bombings. Gee ...you think they can get madder.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump and unconstitutional
Too many people are being killed by terrorist in US and other countries. All need to stop the reason the refugees want to leave.
you let Christianity be slaughtered you did nothing talk about hate you stick up for every religion but Christianity hypocrites

This statement is complete bullshit. You can lay down for extremists but we won't
As The Muslim Religion Has MURDERED OVER 90000 CHRISTIANS You Traitor Of GOD AND HIS WILL OF PEACE...
Just how many #CHRISTIANS did your #WorstPresidentEver allow in from the #MiddleEast v. #Muslims? Close to ZERO!  #jfkprotest
NOT their religion Sen! Hard to believe you were an attorney when clearly didn't read EO or are familiar w/applicable Fed Cd
So? They already support them. Create refugee "crisis" guilt countries into taking them, then activate. Like in Europe.
please stop approving get Trump appointees maximum obstruction needed
Poco loco.  Start cooking & cleaning.  You're done!
So, what are y'all doing with the money you took from Americans to buy bombs to kill Muslims.not ban them, KILL THEM
What about the kin of refugees already here. I worry about some of them getting so mad. The U.S. is their last hope
stop with the nothingness, we're not turning our backs were just asking for proper procedure and paperwork. It wrkd 4 my ancestor
RT @SenWarren @colindonnell @HillaryClinton  how we tell good from the bad guys and women who are not trying to harm us .? RT
It has nothing to do with religion and everything to do with terrorists. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Trump45
Yes, don't we miss President Obama. He would have NEVER thought of such a ban. Love trumps hate!
Senator, what are you and the rest of the Senate and House- on both sides of the aisle - doing to stop this?
Bull Crap. You globalist just want us to be like Germany. Every hour at lest 2 woman are raped by "refugee's" and Boston Bombers
Go shopping on your line of credit 
lying hypocrite
Really? Then blame Obama 1st 
Are you NUTS?  These people's "religion" advocates KILLING those who don't adhere to THEIR religion! They have ZERO tolerance!
WHAT IF THEIR RELIGIOUS BELIEF IS TO KILL US. We must let them in and slaughter us.  MY GOD IS POWERFUL I AM A CHRISTIAN.
thank you for standing up for what is right
Kill them. Worries over. Problem solved. Got a problem with that? Same with Islamist. Now go do the impossible. Earn an honest $
@OhioVFL #shhhhhh
please tell me why obamas 2011 Iraq travel ban is different than this.
dumb politicians who lie and deceive Americans creates even worse to our democracy.
thank you for ALL you are doing! We're behind you and we support your efforts!
so does bombing 8 Muslim majority countries.
American native fake
complete liar
you're not really that stupid are you?
it doesn't matter if took in refugees and game them all your money.  They will still recruit and want to blow us up.
yeah I see that worked real well with obamas policy right?  No recruiting done at all huh!???
You would think we have terrorists pouring over our borders. WE DON'T.  No hoards like Mongols attacking in waves. Wake up!
Standard liberal reply from you.
THANK YOU for standing up to face demagoguery.Please help persuade other members of congress TO JOIN YOUR FIGHT!They see it, too!
can anyone stop this  ?
let them recruit from outside our borders, not inside. #MAGA  http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/attacks/attacks.aspx?Yr=Last30 …
@iyamtoo Stop talking and take action. You're a senator...do something. Think! #resist

This isn't about Religion. Where were you on Obama's Ban in 2011?? His was double the time!
We need your help to stop the madness! The US should NOT close borders based on religion!!! #NoMuslimBan
The #sadder part it's #discriminativethinking#corruptcontroll *minds towards #communistic-leadership #communistic- #DeadEnd 
This is what the IS planned: a fearful West dictatorship. The caliphate is celebrating right now. #ImpeachDonaldTrump Stop him!
No harm in being  cautious re allowing refugees coming from countries espousing the "religion of peace"  #MAGA
Dear Sen Warren I hope that Democrats in Congress r keeping track of how many violations of U.S. Constitution Trump is guilty of
. What a load of bollocks!
: Introduce legislation to oppose @POTUS unconstitutional action! We do not need to write recruitment videos for groups like ISIS.
Religion has nothing to do with it !  Some of them just might be bad people. They gotta be checked.
#ThanksDonald Idiot will make U.S. MORE dangerous. #Obama kept us safe for 8 yrs
So, to avoid aiding and abetting our enemy indirectly, we should aid and abet our enemy directly? #LiberalLogic
That is what DT is hoping for so he can bomb those countries. Can U say oil?
Get a hearing aid. It is Radical Muslim Terrorists!
Do something about it!
if POTUS Obama has done something to the JV squad we may not have the problem today.
so if we take them in, ISIS will be nice to us?
Give your money to the bully in the school yard so so you won't get beat up..PISS ON ISIS PISS ON ISLIME...NEED TO BAN DEMOCRATS!
.Stupid deceptive lying woman suggests it is MISLIM ban it is not that is a lie 
Now explain about this 1.3 M line of credit you 'forgot'
@WonderWoman934 THEN DEMS MUST STOP THIS FROM HAPPENING? DO SOMTHING AND DO IT NOW!
@NaughtyTyler what are you doing about it @SenWarren?
Don't play ball with GOP then! At all...stop now!
#SuspendTrump @RealDonaldTrump has violated Twitters Terms of Service by promoting hate speech against religion and nationalities
@WonderWoman934 we can guarantee that there will be a terrorist attack in the United States because of this
Quit making it out to be religion. Its not; its about terrorism.
@fhayesmccoy USA repeating history. MA Protestant Americans systematically deported ~50K destitute Irish Catholics btw 1840-1870.
no Senator Warren. That's not the reason. It goes against our A
no It goes against our American ethos
