.@SenateGOP are jamming through Pruitt at @EPA before his emails come out. At 12:30pm, @SenateDems will force a vote to extend the debate.
Considering how obsessed @GOP are with emails, I'd hope they'd vote to extend debate on Pruitt until we can see his secret Big Oil ones.
Every R who opposes extending debate today is responsible for whatever it turns out is in Pruitt's emails next week. Make the right choice.
Let it come back to bite them!
I just watched you addressing the NAACP WOW !
Do you know if this information has now been released?
as shall Hillary Clinton!! You are very   Bias
you should talk you fake Indian Pocahontas. Throwing rocks in a glass house sounds about right.
You Dems Need To Retire! Your a nervous reck I see it!
just like you wouldn't provide proof of your "native American" background??? Hahahahaha.
So, you wont take a DNA test to prove your American Indian, And you said you was.........so there
That hurts coming from you because you are so honest.Indian princess. Mental check up needed.
What about the vets.  Speak for them first.
@ChosenLawyers @EPA Probably too little too late, but I sure want to see them
Your show boating is not fooling anyone...well maybe liberals
Former Monsanto VP Michael R. Taylor was promoted to Comm of the FDA after yrs lobbying for the GMO Foods giant..Glass house
Why is Pruitt heading the EPA?  This story seems buried by the freedom of press drama the White House caused banning CNN.
Love you! Admire you! God bless your voice.  Please, run!
please do something to get rid of trump! McConnell too
Now we know with certainty that Pruitt was in bed with gas and oil while AG in OK. Now more of the same on a national level.
@Peacepox @EPA I predict an over-worked shredder...
and yet you supported Hillary who FRACKED THE WORLD. U R untrustworthy
he stayed on Hilary calling her crooked. Trump and his team are all crooked he needs to show those returns
I hope all this anger bring the American people out to retake congress and president please run
we need someone who's not afraid of the man you to get group together how to remove an ill man from office
there are way too many secrets in this administration. Pence is president while Trump is on his I'm great rally no pres
I wish a Court would require you to take a DNA TEST so the American people could learn whether or not You're a hipocrite. UR
https://www.redbubble.com/people/cottonnerd/works/25392578-nevertheless-she-persisted-resist-with-rosie?asc=u …
we'll be waiting. Go get 'm Senator!
why don't you release your net worth vs annual salary and explain that first
Why doesn't TRUMP release his TAXES??
irrelevant
It's as relevant as asking for Warren's net worth! Logic is tricky.
When irresponsible politicians topple America, we are going to take our county back and start anew, without fake democrats.
Begining today, fake liberals and Republicans, will be remembered as dangerously irresponsible. We fire, then start again.
Go back on "The Failing Show," with Trevor Noah. We could see you as the real traitor you really are, Elizabeth Warren.
too late. Damage is done. Weaklings in Congress couldn't vote no his nomination. Shame on them
PLEASE RUN IN 2020 WITH BERNIE AS VP OR VICE VERSA. PLEASE SAVE US
Elizabeth Warren aka Pocahontas is a total fraud. She's worth $13 million dollars, too- which means she's a total crook!
Can someone just please impeach Trump and his administration.We are stressed and tired of his rantings & ignorance
WHY POCAHONTAS, you leaked because know one will call a Pow Wow with you??
Why r the exorbitant costs of Trumps vacations / family lifestyle being softpedaled? Why do taxpayers hv 2 pay 4 this? @chucktodd @SenWarren
Why you Supported Hillary and called All Women Nasty.  Why All of You Ruined Burnie with DNC Cheating. You were quite???
Hi why you Did Not Push Obama about Dakota pipeline, Guanta namo, and his Drones, 7 country ban
and then what? He's already in
THANK YOU
GET HIM LIZ THE PLANET IS COUNTING ON YOU
Thank you Elizabeth! You are tireless!
sounds good. Shout be done after they check your records. Someone who became a millionaire after they became a Senator.
Americans know  what you are doing  So trust we are  Awake
He has to give them, just like Donald has to produce his tax papers. Hard to believe 6 WH staff fired as vetted no good.
... the EPA should be abolished and Elizabeth Warren removed from office
buzz off, pocahontas!
it must be extremely exhausting for you to find something wrong with everybody that's not a Democrat you should help not hurt
YOU WASTE USA MONEY
The EPA has been a heavyhanded, money grabbing joke on all of us. Come clean Senator.
Just can't believe what's happening is USA will the American people be abused that much by Lying Orange admin & accept it ?
when are you going to release your DNA records?61
Arizonans stood outside sen flakes yard calling for a town hall...and as we rotated through chants ...one was "Let Liz Speak!!"
Sadly the EPA is now the Environmental Exploitation Agency.
Forget about Trump and his fucking taxes.That's old shit! Looking for an impeachment now, that's it!
big oil is where it's at dumb ass.  Leave the man alone.  What's in the car you drive?
Good Work, we are with you.
She's part of the elite 1%. Wake up people. Term Limits
According to CNN, in 2015 net worth, including her $5 million home, retirement accounts and mutual funds, was $8.75 million
"She is a Native American, five percent.because she was a minority — it’s a disgrace what’s going on in our country.”
WHY would congress ram him through, with chance there might be something there could make him the second failure? Stupid.
“Her whole career is a fraud because she goes out and she says she’s a Native American.
Is it true you said you were part Indian to get money for tuition and it was a lie? Term Limits
but it's all too late since he's already been confirmed
bye lizzy your finished the EPA has ruined the manufacturing base in this country thanks to politicians like you Indian fake
@EllenDatlow @EPA Now that the horse is out, we get to close the barn door?
Scott has been confirmed.
How hard were you working with your friends to the right? This is ridiculous. Charles Manson may be qualified.
#Veterans #Education #SaturdayMorning #CIA #IRS WHY NRA TeaParty TRUMP/Pence/Ryan/McConnell LOVE Chaos & Distractions
Democrats pushed this global warming nonsense so hard that anyone involved with oil is automatically marked as a bad guy.
Most of what the EPA has done in the past has very little to do with the environment, and more to do with agency building.
Why are there more than 15,000 people working in that agency draining our tax dollars?
Yes we want those records released please! We have enough people that have #conflictofinterest Accountability matters!
if all goes right when truths come out, he and Flynn can start an ex wives club w Ivana and Marla
He is now head of the EDA. The Environmental Destruction Agency.
YOU GUY'S  AND GAL'S BETTER TIGHTEN UP. THERE'S A NEW SHERIFF IN TOWN! HA HA OR POFF YOUR GONE,
your friend
Pesticide Bills Breeze Through Ag Committee http://bit.ly/2lvvmBr  [allows waterways to be polluted more]
@Tinam180 @EPA too little too late.
Do what you do best Elizabeth !
too late! Turncoat Democrats @Sen_JoeManchin & @SenatorHeitkamp already voted for him #VoteThemOut
Scott Pruitt will be sworn in.  Just to give you something to keep crying about
Then what? He's already in and only ONE Republican had the courage to oppose this awful choice.
ha ha ha ha guess what. EPA is done as you love it. You people make me sick
@SenSchumer I fucking love the judiciary branch. Don't let #GOP destroy it. Vote no on Gorsuch. Filibuster if you have to.
no scotus vote until we see the taxes
thank you for doing everything you can to protect us all.
Let's hope Pruitt can repair some of the economic damage the EPA has caused our beleaguered nation.
like you provided no proof of your lie about your American Indian heritage
@lillalissu @EPA My Great Compliments Sen.Warren.
Your leaning so far left lady, that you won't be able to stand up straight!
but the republicans voted him in before we could have a look
Vindictiveness and vanity is the root of Trump's evil
a little too late, but hopefully we'll still get them. @EPA shouldn't be controlled by someone who wants to abolish it.
is a liar & fraud & we DEMAND she resign from the @SenateDems! #TRUMP @FoxNews @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @POTUS @EPA #MAGA #OANN
will you run for Potus now??
@trotta_marlo @EPA should be grounds for dismissal. Of course @McConnellPress should had postponed the nomination vote.
watch out for Curt schilling Liz   @EPA
what are you going to do when it shows what we all fear?
@iamfonda @EPA boom!
DRILL BABY DRILL! HOW you like that chief wannalie
Bus has pulled out, Warren
what happens when those show a colossal conflict of interest? Can anything be done?
we will get him to resign
so there is a chance he can be removed?
And we're going to have such fun with those emails!
when did ethics die in the senate?
will there be any recourse if those documents show there was a cover up or anything illegal?
keep fighting for us Lizard you are our hope
nothing like GOP pushing this guy through without those emails #shameful
break out the shredder
keep up the fight Momma
Hope that's not too late
hope Pruitt follows Flynn out the door after his day in court,  can't believe all that's happening
please keep working for the American people, Senator! We love your passion!!!
won't he just dissolve EPA since that's what he wanted to do for his oil employers? Then we can b like New Delhi @SenWarren @iamfonda @EPA
DAMMED! ! YOU ARE JUST AS UGLY IN THE INSIDE
What is the point now?
thank you for doing what you do.
Elizabeth Warren- thank you for your persistence at trying to bring some sense to this circus. So grateful for you.
Dems have created the circus. It's appauling the double standards,  hypocrisy, and undermining that's going on.
that is how far Trump had taken the USA
SO sad, GOP would not even wait for his records to approve him. GOP ARE UNAMERICAN,  Trump & idiots destroying  democracy
too little too late. #resist #impeachtrump
@K_Green_Irish1 @EPA Pence s emails as governor are or are in the process of being sealed fptill his death I suggest stopping it
Mitch McConnell just can't understand why the nominations are taking so long...he is so out of touch with reality.
Upset about Pruitt. More upset about H. R. 861 to terminate the EPA on 12/31/18.  That bill must not go through!
& they show that he lied in his confirm hearings, and Repubs will ignore it and find some Dem to put before a grand jury.
Let's hope he'll follow in Michael Flynn's footsteps.
So glad we have your voice of reason! Keep persisting!
Hello Liz, how about Hillary's emails.  Did you receive all of them from her?????????
warren 2020
this is awesome on so many levels.
Love you! #persist #resist
imagine him in prison!! Orange Dragon, Orange Julius in Orange!! The new black!
being stretched. So much money for his protection! And he last paid taxes when? Impeachment can't be far. Then prison.
K up the fight against this evil tyrant. Spending$$$$ every wk end in fl, wife in NY. Secret service and the police are
And yet.... 

Thanks for fighting for our environment and our bank accounts and our rights. Keep going!
#persist
same guy who sued. Seriously what the F is happening? Is this the time in history where we lose our status as world power?
yay!
.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
https://youtu.be/XvZsJwzr8is  sen. Warren help us end bullying
This is blatant corruption. The e-mails!
and Hillary never provided emails either, she had them erased, irony?
that will be to late, won't it
Fair enough! You release DNA results showing NATIVE AMERICAN genes!
WOO HOO!  Thank you for your voice.
Laughable. BFD. He is The Boss now. So get used to it.
Thank you @SenWarren for working hard to save our great nation.  We are behind you and appreciate you. #SaveTheEPA
Do you know the size of the EPA? Redundancies at state level? Falsified stats to drive a narrative? We're being scammed.
@RuthHHopkins @EPA Be sure to thank your Dem colleagues Heitkamp & Manchin for ensuring he's in @EPA. He wouldn't wo their vote!
Keep pressing him and T. It's our country even if it looks like total chaos now.
too late :(
Pruitt doesn't mind a little smog and mercury; what a mess!
ELIZABETH. WHY DIDN'T YOU COME OUT FOR BERNIE INSTEAD OF HILLARY ?? AFRAID SHE'D KILL YOU ,??
Convenient that they're to be released when it's too late to prevent his confirmation.
He has been ILLEGALLY withholding  them for years! Tuesday 3000 pages get released!
I hope this is still the case even though he's already been approved.
YAWN!!!
When are you going to release your Harvard records we want to see how you got hired you know how you stole the job
