It’s time to remove the profit motive from our justice system & focus on solutions that make our communities stronger & safer.
Time to Make America Great Again!Time to make great borders.Time to purge violence from our streets like President Trump has done!Free Cuba!
We love you Sen Warren,you fight for We The People ,Democracy, freedom, Rights, Medicare ,Medicaid ,social security! Wanted you to be Pres!
People of color have been treated as second class citizens for over 400 years. I am not surprised that the criminal justice   System profits
People of color have to admit times are giving them a better shot then ever before.
You are not an African American and if you walked in my shoes you would not say that. Ihave 2 degrees and I still get discriminated against
Stop living a victim and take all as something to better y and others around u
All part of Republican Party's master plan to disenfranchise minorities - from participating in our democracy!
Thank you, for  bringing,  this,  to light.
Many families,  are..SUFFERING,  IN SILENCE.
a country can be measured by its prisons, & what our says is that we're still prohibiting by selling people.
Did you mean profiting?
Amen senator
I feel it should be reviewed but what about "free enterprise?"  U could push 4 limitations on categories of different types of crimes.
It is a crazy legacy of our Frontier past when law enforcement needed posses to round up criminals and jails were sparse.
Look at the larger issues.  Corrupt prosecutors, police and Judges.
Unbelievable!!!
Let alone in Florida that has the habit of ruining the lives of young people with incarceration for minor offenses for money.
You trap us all in Stupidity by Your HEINOUS lies and Theft ... this is you and Hillary unmasked
Senator Warren, you aren't my favorite politician, far from least favorite, but thank you for pretending to care here at least.
I agree no more bail.  Somthing a Trump supporter and you can see eye to eye on.  But not for the same reasons I think.
@SenWarren the report is loosely accurate. There is need for reform but the proposed solution is extremely dangerous
Who wrote & enacted all the laws and regulations influenced by lobbyist in this country? Start there first.
Financial traps in our judicial system are inappropriate - incentives to convict will always increase convictions! This needs to end!
The phrase perverse incentive springs to mind
#Pocahontas, r u ever gonna do anything but bitch? I think the great citizens  of The Peoples Republic of MA deserve much better #wakeupMA
Cand u endorsed harvested slave blood & u voted 4 sanctions (on day #Iran was terrorized!) https://interc.pt/2shfZA6 

#progressives r done w u
Go back to kindergarten! Or stop drinking!
The ACLU is a terrorist organization
Oh yes let's just let the rest of the criminals out on our streets. Crime in CA up drastically. ACLU can kiss my ass!
Some of these people are redicoulously idiotic. I hope people know that innocent people are often forced to pay bail, just for an accusation
Maybe they are trapped because they refuse to take advantage of free education, government asst and job training and commit crimes.
So they should bail people out for free they where arrested for a reason
SENATOR WARREN WE AS A COMMUNITY ;SHOULD STRIVE TO MAKE LIFE FOR EACH MEMBER THE BEST IT CAN BE !FAIR AND JUST!
Maybe, just maybe, they should try following the law?  I know that's like a radical idea.
All who are arrested& held are  innocent until proven guilty. If they  can't afford bail , they  stay in prison until trial.
SENATOR WARREN WHERE OUR SYSTEM IS BROKEN WE SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO FIX !THAT IT IS FAIR TO ALL! NOT FOR THOSE WHO WANT PROFITS!
That's right let's make our already oversized intrusive government even bigger. You keep sending mixed messages. Is it bigger or smaller
Government you are wanting. Or are you just pretending to care to get votes
Also many cities make money through parking & traffic violations that target the poor. Often creating an impossible hole 4 them 2 dig out of
Yes! Look into the for profit detention centers where illegal immigrants are being held for long periods of time w/o due process as well.
If they would stop breaking the law, they wouldn't need bail.
Color of Change is one of the groups Hillary mentioned she's working with, Liz, so - no thanks. Also, nice vote today, former GOP.
How about they just don't commit crimes? There, solved
Here's a unique idea......DONT GET ARRESTED TO CAUSE YOU TO NEED BAIL
I'm sorry you're so easily impressionable.
Thoughts on #comeystatement or shall we plan on more dressing and ice cream stories
This is a right proper problem needing fixed. I'm glad to be made aware & do think this needs attention.
Xof dnuoh
Perhaps these ppl shouldn't do the crime then. Shouldn't that solve the problem?  Liberals are sympathizers to criminals now? Shameless! 
This and for-profit prisons are just WRONG! We shouldn't be making $$$ off other people's mistakes and misery.
Ok. How would you reduce OBAMAS deficit.
Bail system was started in England at a time when everybody was white. Found to be most effective way to get people to show up in court.
what? but but who would clean Hillarys mansion?
There are also those companies that prey on immigrants:
GTFU
Thank you for sharing!
#Dems must ask #Comey tomorrow about #HillaryClinton emails. Where are they? This is Crazy! #Tatiana
Not until she's jailed 4 her crimes! Never!
#DefundCFPB Warren is totally corrupt.
