I’ve introduced a bipartisan bill with Sen. Rubio to help cut off human traffickers’ access to the banking system:
More invasions of financial privacy to come I'm sure.  If people want to sell sex let them.     You are the epitome of the Nanny State.
Human trafficking is the destruction of human beings.
BUILD THE WALL!
Start a veteran based organization to combat it. Trust me, Marine Corps vets are the last thing a human trafficker wants to see.
And what would they do exactly?
2/ once that is taking off you could find good leadership within the group and allow them to start an agency specified towards HT.
One of those tools is to restrict abortion so that rapists can't easily hide the evidence of their crimes. #defundpp @PPact protects pimps
Wow. Senator you finally got something right
The Wall will slow them down.
Abortion is also "ugly stain" on humanity
This is the way some people make money ? So, so sad. Why is there people who r ok making $ on such human misery
If you used to correct ancient term - slave trade - instead of the politically pc term "human trafficking" it would change attitudes rapidly
True.
That's why I have so much RESPECT for our Elected! POTUS. He wants to Make America Safe again ! You support Sanctuary City policies!!
@John_Podesta TALK TO HITLER HILLARY AND HUMA ABADEN THEY DEAL WITH THE COUNTRIES LIKE SAUDI ARABIA
Its as ugly a stain as you are a rep for anyone
Like build a wall
Lets fund a wall, this will help with human and drug trafficking
like a big Wall
Human trafficking laws are SUPPORTED BY HUMAN TRAFFICKERS. The harder you make it on prostitutes the better it is for the Pimps
A big beautiful wall would help.
I looked it over and it looks like alot of words, sorry.
Might want to start with your party
Human trafficking is a stain on humanity. Abortion is accepted. Are you crazy? God have mercy
@TulsiGabbard 2020!
@MAHAMOSA Are you pandering again or do you really mean it?
You state the obvious but give no solutions.
Building the wall would be a great start. Glad you agree, Liz.  #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll
But yet she don't want a wall human trafficking happening through border
Human trafficking horrible. Elizabeth Warren dispicable.
Yup coming through that border she don't want wall
That's voice
Yeah but u really support it coming in w no wall to stop it and drugs killing Americans hypocrites
then start by investigating your own.  How many dem and repub congress are pedo's?  Hastert proves he is one among many!
But you all have gone crazy
Your the stain ,we need to buy 500 gallons or shout and dunk all you leb stains in it and shout it out ,libs lie, and I use to follow you lb
Then let the ban through .stop blocking everything trump does .your the problem and sound like a fool when u talk,  ever here your own voice
RT @SenWarren: Human trafficking is an ugly stain on humanity, and we need to use every possible tool to stop it.
I saw you on @RealTimers with @billmaher and I had to follow. Fiery! Thank you so much for your service to the U. S.!
Jesus, Twitter. Educate yourselves on HT before vomiting uninformed opinions into public forums.
You mean like a border wall?
Hahaha , this coming from a group who celebrated F Castro!  Pick and choose who you support, or who has money !#sick
Women and Infants in PVD hosting grand rounds this Thurs 7:30 AM about human trafficking. Come join us!
Great case for building the wall.  Thanks @SenWarren
Does that include bashing President Obama for being paid to speak?
Hey pokeAhantass
Be careful. Ur people use to raid white settlements. Take women for young braves. Ur great could have been trafficked
we keep hearing this and still happening even in US the most powerful coun. in the world. Time to take action
Totally agree Isabella; peace & love; God bless, Andy :-)
Stop Trump's VOICE program leak of children's records
can we focus on issues that get a democrat in WH and GOP out of congress, not stroking snowflakes
Governmants are the main source of human traficking pushing and pulling as a magnet do.
Governments are the main source of human traficking pushing and pulling as a magnet do.
Glad to see you will be supporting a border wall. This would help with human trafficking.
UNSECURE BORDER aids and abets HUMAN TRAFFICKING.
Building a wall would help prevent that. If you sincerely care. @realDonaldTrump
Build the wall
I thought of a tool to use.  It's called a "Border Wall"
Then why have you allowed those who illegally traffic in it to cross our borders so easily?
Then quit funding and supporting the Isis horde. #Fauxcahontas
Then why did you not stop the Clintons both in the White House and the money they took from foreign country
Investigate Dump's "modeling agency" I bet there's a nasty underbelly - what does Putin have on him? Human trafficking? See also: Epstein
Including securing our borders?
Glad to see your endorsement for a border wall to help stop human trafficking.
totally, secure the border!
Like... a wall?
No because human trafficking wouldn't be stopped by a wall.
Nope. But it would help.
Amnesty International says that if you legalize prostitution in US it will cut down on Human Trafficking,.
You might want to mention that to @realDonaldTrump in regards to his comments on Andrew Jackson (as a slave holder) and the Civil War.
Like a wall at the border
You know what's a nice tool? A secure border!
Hey Lizzy, start with building that wall
Then why don't politicians send Spec Ops to Mexico to fix the crisis instead of dabbling in Mid East affairs?
Isn't that what #Trump used his failed modeling agency for? #RESIST
I think Trump is pro trafficking.....look Who he idolizes....
Just found out that human trafficking in Detroit is at all time high!  Just 30 miles from me and my grandkids!!
One we agree on! Its a start!
DT wants no more media press. SO. turn off the TV everytime his comercials run and he televises events when he speaks and signs something.
Wow...Elizabeth Warren finally came up with something I totally agree with her on...
Go lead the pack Pocahontas.  Where your 5 and dime feathers and take a tomahawk.  Better yet, turn on your fellow Dems.  That would be good
Excellent idea, and you, as a senator, are in a good position to do something.
you work w a guy-may be able to help. He deals in branded 'escorts'. Perhaps you've heard he recently received trademarks in 
Then Godamn it stop allowing illegals! Democrats are the suppliers
Like send our Boys over to [fill in Evil Country - pref one with oil under it], or the Thot Police to search every home w/o a warrant, Liz?
What F does that mean?
Like a big wall?
Except the obvious tools like borders & exposing corruption in Goverment leaders like HRC, PODESTA & others U rub shoulders with, right Liz?
I don't agree with you often but I proudly stand with you on this. All civilized human beings should.
Finally you do something bipartisan. Good Warren. I give you two kahkawws for this one.
What have you done? Nothing
...and so you didn't need to the last 8 years. Good idea but the new guy already identified and is addressing. Good you are thinking now.
Like a wall?
Didn't the Orange Twitterer say the Wall would eliminate it worldwide? If true doesn't that make us chief traffickers?
Human trafficking is currently a "popular" issue and suffers from misinformation, inflation of statistics, and conflation with #sexwork.
Senator Warren, please mindful and careful when addressing this issue. It is NOT the same as sex work.
Correct Lizzy. Build the Wall. #MAGA
Human Trafficking should be a capital crime.
Where do we put criminals??? Trump is flooding our jails with imagrants, because they aren't Caucasian.
Agree, but please keep fighting to stop that ugly orange stain on humanity that's in the White House.
First logical thing I've heard you say.
But you can't because 90% of it would be something bad for minorities... your catch 22 of Racist Stigma.
Absolutely. Here are some numbers on a number of cases assisted in past. 

https://tuvalabs.com/datasets/stop_the_trafficking/activities …
Hii how are you
Wow. The Senator has uttered something sensible. I need to pinch myself.
Yes it is and a huge source is across the Mexican border. So, you will now back the wall and stop the rapes and exploitation?
You know what might help stop human trafficking? A Wall on the border
Yes. But can you all start working on getting the liar out of office? He is literally making people ill. Plz impeach trump #45
Agree with U completely & 1 tool that would be effective is a wall which would also curtail flow of drugs but U and Schumer oppose it Dumb!
So what is your stance on illegal immigration, and Islam
How about a big beautiful WALL?
Like a wall on our southern border?  I'm so glad You and your colleagues are finally on board!!! Thank you for your support of our President
So is abortion
You're part of the party of pedophilia and human trafficking. Looks like you're starting a 2020 run already...keep following hillary's path!
thats not true, as you shook the hand of Bill Clinton, he partied on Jeff Epsteins' private jet. With teenage escorts. You lie Ms. Warren.
funny you should say that cuz your the biggest tool they have besides Schumer and both of you need the rust cleaned off
Baeeeeeeeee
I agree. Escaped years ago but struggling daily with keeping it that way. They don't want to let go and leave me alone
How about a WALL, Warren? Get past the politics and put your money where your mouth is.
If you really mean use any means to stop human trafficking, then why aren't you at least considering a wall?
@POTUS Warren a huge stain on the United States Senate #termlimits
#termlimits
Then #buildthewall & support decriminalization/defunding #sanctuarycities which are the thugs'underground RR @FoxNews #MAGA
Then STOP the Illegals coming over here so we know who the ones doing it can be stopped ....
Build a wall goofey
Do you think our open boarder encourages this? You Libs need to get real! You're letting this & MS13 simply walk through our boarders!
Lol lmao,  how about a wall?
Doesn't Trump own massage parlors in china now?
Do mail order brides count?
how about a wall or physical barrier to keep down low to mid level offenders so law enforcement can focus on high threat players
Like close the border?
you were part of @johnpodesta #pizzagate ??
CIA is behind most human trafficking, same as with most drug trafficking, 'cherry marines,' 'tailhook navy seals,'Cuban ex-pat mafia jackals
#impeachTrumpnow #Trumprussia
@SenWarren FINALLY something you stand for that I can support-I'm gonna faint!
And you are just waking up to this???
Gonna need you to use every possible tool to remove this administration from office. Thx
Starting with you, TOOL...
Elizabeth I beleive in you and that you are trying to do good, but why separate yourself from Bernie you should help him,
Police military FBI and CIA are busy covering this up and breaking other laws our stupid government is ordering them to break the law
I bet if you and that nut Pelosi can't stop it you will just try to tax it! Might as well, you have no morals anyway and are a fake Indian.
For starters better border security along all borders and ports, Build the wall, longer jail sentences even death penalty should be on table
Better security does nothing for human trafficking. Kindly educate yourself on the subject. This issue has nothing to do with immigration.
Maybe we could build a wall on our borders? Just sayin' #buildawall
You do understand that many come in from Asia, right? Or, are you just hung up on Mexicans?
Thanks miss warren, I would be glad to give my life for u and any other American family any day
I'm waiting for you to tweet how human trafficking is somehow President Trump's fault.
I am 80% service connected x army ranger, why can't I get help as u see others do
Wow dem. And no one else helps vets
And sell there home
Not just vets but Purple Heart homes, I have been trying to buy a home for my family since I got out
I am a disabled vet and I was evicted out of the house I was renting so they could sell, and they put up a sign that they donate to vets
Ahh liz, ya dingbat. That would b a wall & travel ban our GREAT President @realDonaldTrump talkin about. u oppose. Ur creating the stain
Dhe is a shit stain on our grest land
Thank you Scott. @LouieFX @SNL
Than actually do something an not this BS talking points an BS laws that will never be used. Poor an immigrants in US are victims of this.
Thank you for your work on this very important topic.  It may help to begin by calling it what it is: Sexual slavery.
Warren you always have all kinds of problems but no solutions to the problems. You should open your mouth when you have answers.
#BuildTheWall
But Trump profits from it so we do nothing
YES.... Anice big WALL will help! Hypocrite!
Term limits
Build a wall. Stop illegal immigration. Enforce current laws.
