Don't you have a teepee to sweep? Shoo now!
Hahaha. Love it. She's a dirtbag.
The more #SuicidalDemocrats schreech, the more votes they'll lose in 2018 & 2020!
#MAGA
PRESS ON--PRESS ON--SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN--WE PROGRESSIVE'S-R-WITH-U-!
#AccompliceMedia hypes #SuicidalDemocrat plan to stick taxpayers with student loans people don't feel like paying back.
We will show you next election what we think about your liberal politics. Represent nothing except obstruction!
With all due respect, all you do is blow smoke. Trying to let your constituents think that you were working for them.
The only thing about education you're protecting are the unions! It's not about children or education at all!
Such a shame that you are against school vouchers, for profit schools and parent choice.  Tsk, tsk! Govt. control is what you want!
#HystericalDemocrats will never recover a majority anywhere
Americans are #Awake to #ObamasLegacy of bad laws, bad regulation and corruption
#RedHerring
Liberal Arts Colleges graduate millions who will not find gainful employment. That's the scam!
Many young people with limited funds get ripped off, including veterans! When Veterans lose out that's our TAX payer money being squandered.
The Trump Trolls are out in full swing! Apparently, we, the non-trum-pets, are winning the war against idiocy and unconstitutionalism! 
I encourage you to read a broader cross section of on-line media. "Trump Trolls" "idiocy" "non-trum-pets" show you're on steady diet of MSM.
Warren you're still angry and miserable 
Hey, Indian lady with high cheekbones! We don't want Common Core! But I know you do because it creates more idiots who can't think!
Who gives a shit about Maura Healey? No one!
You suck warren
#SuicidalDemocrats want to socialize stupidity of students who took easy money and wasted it on an education they weren't going to use.
want to fix the schools create a panel like the FDA has to review and keep track of teachers and schools and give them the power to fire
Who are you again?
So much for bipartisanship.
You are glad about anything if it will get you some attention. Why are you known as the WORM ,by the Clintons??
Sad that the USA want to make profit off of everything. Education, healthcare and numerous other things
She will lose and so will your party for obstruction.
#KochBrothersExposed " Dark Money " is a very enlightening book by #JaneMayer
Looks like you're not going to stop with the tribal warfare. You have no intention of unity or advancing as a unit. You prefer violence.
Of course, Elizabeth Warren, you are opposed to any progress!
Liz, forget the fighting! Liberals lost on Nov. 8th. Stop the whining and the fighting! Your done! Kapoot! It's over!
So what have u offered towards education? Nothing. Sit in your seat and make a difference. Talk is cheap.
Impeach yourself!!!
Bet the AG loses and the Trump admin wins, again.
Always fighting. Have you not learned anything the last few days.
That we should just let the GOP screw over the country quietly?  They're about to pass the new AHCA while never showing it publically.
Awe. You are still bitter over thd last election. Too bad.
the other shoe from Trump University case.  #imPOTUS
Does anybody believe anything NYT?
Once again: 'The Greatest Evil For The Greatest Number' is the Trumpistas' policy
Dear Liz: fight? Like punch, kick and pull hair fight? Could "oppose" be a less inflammatory way to get your point across?
If Obama's overzealous regulations are now found to be hurting the Democrats. Then why does Warren keep supporting @BarackObama .
After the shooting you're glad somebody's going to be fighting you need to get a grip you are so reckless
I'm sure you're glad you're sadistic
What kind of abuse are you talking about.
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of fraud Pocahontas.
Please keep up the fight. DeVos is pillaging the US education system
Time to lock up every Dem pushing Hate & Violence. Close CNN! File against Dem for obstruction!
Whilst recognizing that the #OrangeBuffoon has an amazingly incompetent cabinet, DeVos is perhaps the weakest member #ImpeachTrump #resist
just because obama did something does not make it the correct way to do something. I know it's hard to believe, he mad many mistakes.
Take govt out of guaranteeing loans & colleges will be forced back to affordable costs. I have paid enough "bailing out" for my lifetime.
Education, like healthcare, should not be a 4profit business. It's obscene.
Then go to Canada or Europe you nobody's forcing you to stay here
Money for their friends, kickbacks for them.  Why should they care about Americans financial future if they want to get ahead?
Could you both explain how an agency reviewing a rule is illegal?
No wonder.  Can you spell "Trump U" which was a total fake university and designed for the profit of DJT only.  Sleaze Extraordinaire move.
Where were you Sen. Warren when this 4 profit school issue was happening in California before Sec. Devos was in office?
She was on her spirit walk
you are in fear of losing money -its not the kids - its your investments --
If Trump has shown us one thing, the court system is just one more place the failed Democratic Party has their filthy fingers in
Sounds like u aren't playing in the sandbox. Did u miss the Paul Ryan Nancy Pelosi pow wow yesterday. The peace pipe was being passed around
Do those for-profit schools pay taxes? Or do they count as religious organizations like right-wing SuperPAC donors?
Warren, you're redic. The system is corrupt as you are and it's time to #DrainTheSwamp
How the shit do you cultists look at Trump's cabinet and not see the swamp sludge coming off them? I teach, DeVos is incompetent & a threat.
Well Doc, I have this super power called Jesus. So if He is a cult so be it. The school sys is a stench. Afraid of a little competition?
5he fact that you think you serve Jesus and think he'd support Trump's and GOP policies is sad.  Have you read the Gospels?
Very nice thanks
criticized regulations by the Obama administration,saying that they are unfair to students and schools, and leave taxpayers with a big bill.
After trump is impeached can we fire her?
Who do you think would replace President Trump?
The order of succession says Pence takes over
And, does anyone believe you knew that.
Well I was an AP/Honors student in high school and graduated a top tier university with brain damage so anyone who knows me would say yes
And yet you proved you didn't know when you said "illegal". Why did you say the tie breaker vote by VP was illegal if you knew it wasn't.
I never said that. Wrong guy
I know. But you still didn't know Pence would replace Trump. Pence is much more conservative which I assume is your antithesis.
U two would make a strong team
All I can say, is please give our youth a chance. DeVos is completely unfit, more important than no experience, she has no heart
you are brainwashed
chunga chunga chunga chunga chunga chunga ...  woo woo woo woo!!!
At first, I thought @BetsyDeVosED was going to lace them up or throw on a Gi and fight @MassAGO. Maybe after court case they can. #Dreams
Sounds like a job for
‘#TerminateGOPgroup"
It remains on Facebook

You may not support them but they support you
Good
First do no harm, demote DeVos.
While you're at it, consider contesting her confirmation in SCOTUS! Violation of checks & balances/unconstitutional that @VP deciding vote!
#youfailefcivics @VP is also President of the Senate. VPs casts tie breaking votes. Why didn't you know that?
Simply because these people have no idea whats in the constitution. After 8 years of Muslim leadership they think you make laws up as u go.
Senator Warren, can you tell me why the GOP seems hellbent on destroying everything that makes life safer for majority of people? #confused
Because whoever has the most "stuff" wins. And winning is the ONLY thing that matters to them.
I learned a long time ago things and money don't make me happy. I just want enough to live on, save for retirement, and buy my family gifts.
Exactly! That is a life well lived. Well done, very well done.
Unfortunately, thanks to Reaganomics & colleges hiring mostly part-time instructors, I may be homeless in August.Sad commentary on education
I recommend you look into alternate certification and teach high school.  I've done both and you'll earn more teaching high school.
I'd like to know, as your constituent, how aggressively you will fight the health care bill. You NEED TO USE EVERY TOOL & RULE AVAILABLE!!!!
Good!
Shit Lizzy, a shooting yesterday and today you are back to all your fighting crap!   Give it a fking rest! People are sick of your crap!
It's incredible how little faith you have in people to handle their own affairs
Maybe get your own shit in order first
You're telling a liberal to resign for actually being liberal, unlike most of DNC. History not your subject, one party leads to dictatorship
LIES...TEACHERS UNION HAVE TOTALLY MESSED UP OUR ED. SYSTEM...PERIOD!!!....
So if a student voluntarily takes out a loan, chooses a school to go to, and fails at paying their loan back, it's the schools fault?
Work on ur amendment fillibuster thing for healthcare. R u doing that or no?? I'm a constituent btw
#obstructionist
It's an Obama era rule. January 20th has come and gone. #MAGA
Maura Healy. Another deranged lunatic.
Thank you for being such a tireless consumer advocate! 
