We'll keep fighting until the refugee & #MuslimBan is permanently overturned. #NoBanNoWall
Certainly don't expect my states weak senator, Little Marco, to step up. BTW, where is he? Quiet!!
YES little Marco where in gods name did you get that from  so funny #SaidNo1Ever 
The libs are so unoriginal. Their stupid name calling gets so tedious. #whitenoise
no can we focus on #nobannonnowall? Can we also start some impeachment yet?

We see a lot of that from both sides. It is not a good idea to quote nazis though.
It's a valid point, liberals want power to the government, yet accuse every R Pres ofNazism
funny, I really haven't thought that until I watched this prez.
But what's funny is I am right. This is nothing new, it is amped up though. Y'all triggered
I love when ppl say I'm triggered, because maybe we are triggered against tyranny.
You guys are over the top because Obama took us further left than most Americans wanted.
Let' hope this is just the start of something bigger!!
For the eleven hundredth time it's not a Ban. It's just a halt until we can put together a vetting system.
AND TRAITOR!!!!
amen
worldwide protests against tyranny & white supremacy! Impeach Trump!!
FAKE non organic protest bought and paid for!
your delusion & ignorance r the reasons the sexual molester scammer is illegitimate @POTUS! Go read a book
You sound like a religious zealot purposefully ignoring facts. Are you an ultra left Globalist parrot?
Illegitimate @POTUS #PEOPUTIN I'm a human that lives on earth r u a 2 legged beast that enjoys fascism?
No. Do you belong to the Screw America First Party? Where is your outrage over homelessness in USA?
BTW religion is for barbarous or th brainwashed. My mind is educated & Free of religion constraints
Really?? What is the definition of "religion"?
Looking for Republican senator.
Elizabeth Warren  always keeping it real!! Got to have respect for that! Keep the pressure on!
Stay Ready,  Trump's #BateNSwitch actions will continue!  Hostility to the Rule of Law and demagoguery.
He's going to fight this. Be ready to push back. This is all just a game to him. Has no idea what he is doing.
You're the dope lady. President Trump is right about extreme vetting. You are uninformed!
the EO is out of his own fears and not based on new threats to the U.S.
Really? Do we just keep waiting for a threat before taking reasonable action?
ur right, wall the US in, throw out anyone not white and give guns to everyone
Who said that? Calm down Hero! Learn to listen and read.
Senator Warren.  Will u be at forefront protect'g our IRAs, 457s and savings from trump's D-F changes?
What's really immoral is how democrat losers can do nothing but attack the Trump administration. Anti-America!!
can't you vote no to Trumps cabinet.
Me too!
Also relieved that the Pres. can't fire and replace Federal Judges. The founders got that right.
Good thing when you look at unconstitutional antics of Obama admin
there weren't any.  Get your facts straight.
Recess appointments Supremes unanimously overturned.  Get your facts straight.
@SingerLouise @realDonaldTrump @nytimes how can we block vetted immigrants and then let people in the oval office not vetted?
Nobody is talking about vetted immigrants.
I don't understand your comment. Lots of legal visa-holders were affected by the EO. In other words, vetted immigrants.
My understanding is that those people were separated and inconvenienced less than one hour.
"Those people?"  A five-year-old in handcuffs for five hours at Dulles. A baby needing heart surgery turned away.Need more?
You'll be the first to bitch, whine, cry and scream "do something" at another terrorist attack. San Bernadino was by "legals"!
Dylann Roof?Timothy McVeigh?Evil is everywhere, but Americans face our fears. As Scripture tells us, we welcome strangers.
Strangers yes. Killers like ISIS no. God gave us government for a reason. One is to provide citizens safety. Is not perfect.
can we start the impeachment process already?
How much $$ has this stupid executive order cost the US taxpayer so far?
you are not the most brilliant person I see! #trumpisyourpresidenttoo
the more trump ***** up, the easier it'll be for him to be booted out :D.
certainly glad it's temporary. .just like your position in the Senate. ..primary ur azs out
I'd be relieved if the Dems would stand up in Congress.Your speeches are great,but where's the action?
Why weren't you enraged when Obama did the same thing? 
You obviously care about politics, not people.
That is exactly right!!! Stop tip toeing through the tulips with this Madman.
We need to get every constitutional expert working on all the violations he has made.
those two wouldn't go visit Trump in jail don't be silly.
you must need help. Your seriously deranged. The strikes here came from home grown Muslims. Why not listen to the truth.
Thank You ...we need you...
Just who is "we" exactly??
We= the Majority of Americans who want this seriously mentally challenged man out of office #MinorityPresident
Your opinion, however misguided, is not fact!
How long can the judge’s order stay in effect? We need to prevent its reversal!
Not very
Well…its with the courts now.
you would !
McCarran-Walter Act passed by Congress, signed by Harry Truman, used by J.Carter to prevent Iranian immigration
sen. Warren, you are a complete disgrace to this country.
you cannot imagine how many elementary students are worried about this problem!! These parents care about the education!
will not last. he is within his rights!! and working to protect USA even snowflakes.
This will not stand

@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
It was a federal judge's ruling. Take a civics class and learn how checks and balances work.
Here's your civics class

@ztrukj @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
*slow clap* this applies if So-called Pres can prove allowing folks in would be detrimental. He can't because he's a retard
thank you for sharing your infinite wisdom with us

@butimn0twr0ng
so there mz b haven, how many dead americans do you need to prove the case.  http://www.dailywire.com/news/11410/complete-list-radical-islamic-terror-attacks-us-james-barrett …
Saudi Arabia backed and funded the 9/11 attack. Your taxs dollars pay for the weapons we sell them.
and I am still not clear why we have troops in Yemen as we speak.
He should also be held in contempt of court for his insulting tweet to a well respected judge.

Keep smiling Dizzy Lizzy.
Original.  smh...
If wagons exist, circle them. This madman @POTUS must be stopped or he will have the army in our cities
Instead of wagons we should built a wall around him.
Homeless American men, women & children is immoral! Veterans ignored and left to die is immoral!
impeach him. Do nothing for him. Just impeach him. Stop voting on his nominees. And impeach him.
hope it is soon permanent--the stay that is!
you are irrelevant as are the Dems who SIN: shift the subject, ignore the facts, name call
JOE MANCHIN MARK WARNER HEIDI HEITKAMP demo senators voted for oil billionaire tillerson! JOE voting for gorsuch
warren please keep your mouth shut
Yes, by an activist judge who is supposed to read the law and impose a ruling NOT interpret to his ideology....
Another week of jaw dropping unacceptable behaviour by our new administration.
hypocrites
Keep resisting Trump #NoBanNoWall It is a #MuslimBan
what's with the gun law that passed for the mentally ill that can buy guns? Is this true?
#NoBanNoWallNoBrains. If one of YOUR family members were killed you would NOT be relieved!!!!
Neither illegal nor immoral.  You make up laws as your mouth runs away from your brain.  Embarrassed by you!
A good time to inform your constituents how our system works! POTUS's appoint judges/Check & Balance! This is not a game. 
I pray for your country the left has gone mad insane with hysteria.
soo good to hear we need to stand up against this sociopathic dictator #NOTMYPRESIDENT
You who demand unlimited death of unborn torn apart in wombs God made for protection speak morality?
I'm guessin' you weren't nearly as concerned about Obama's illegal amnesty, were ya?
Thank you for your courage in face of 1 Amend travesty led by traitor McConnell. Political sabotage.
Everybody's got a bitch. Examine what's really going on, what's your solution???
Millions are not relieved. You should start thinking about the whole country, not just your libs.
You shall treat the alien who resides with you no differently than the native born #Leviticus19
A court that gets over turned 90 percent of the time is a joke to your judicial system.
Thanks, Sen Warren. We the People deserve credit for this humane action! We marched, protested, called!
An activist liberal judge's wrong opinion doesn't make it illegal. Resign when it is overturned?
illegal? Are you sure? Why not be responsible for once and wait until a final decision. So say
You've given me hope that we still have strong voices in our party. Keep fighting. #NoBanNoWall
I'm glad you brought up morality. Don't whine about a border wall while you're ripping babies apart.
.#USA U & @Chuckschumer R consummate liars & JACKASSES! Thank Lord @POTUS will win!
I'm so proud to be an American! . He's wrong... period!
don't let him fool you about what he's really doing #climatechange #ScienceNotSilence
I glad there are some signs that America is still alive!
immoral is aborting a nine month human being!!! Stay focused on what is critical.
"So-called" POTUS.
We the people don't want/need another King ruling this nation
Don't get too relieved Warren...it's a temporary thang!! Not illegal nor immoral wan't when BO did it!
I have read the order....It does not mention Muslim or Ban
Surely the real plan all along was it to be overturned so they can blame judges, liberals for next act of terrorism.
Build the wall!
you are my hero!!
can't you guys stop the fascist?!
IMPEACH TRUMP OR ALL OF YOU CAN GET A JOB FOR MINIMUM WAGE. STOP PLAYING HOUSE. THIS IS FOR REAL. WE ARE IN DEEP S@!#
PLEASE Do Not Give any meetings to the Supreme Court Nominee! This position belongs to Garland!
AGREED. DON'T TAKE ANY PAYOFFS OR IDLE PROMISES. DO YOUR JOBS OR LOSE YOUR JOB.
he's making a mess
He is a lunatic. A mess we can clean up. IMPEACH TRUMP. He is another Jim Jones.
can you help those who had their visas revoked?
it is my belief that you are a racist a Neo-Nazi fascist Democrat if it comes out of your mouth it's a
YOU should know that his BAN is perfectly LEGAL & CONSTITUTIONAL!
most of your party n policies are so old You all have DEMENTIA You belong in Nrsg homes. Not in politics ur Sad Old PatheticFools
yeah.   Go YOU
Relieved too! but .........Trump will be "doggiest & persistent" Need unified strategy from #RealDemocrats
but not for long... trick
Lizzy was it illegal when Jimmy Carter did it? Obama identified these 7 countries!
Please sign and share:
agreed! Also, boycott Tom Brady tomorrow at the Super Bowl. Take a stand! Tom Brady is Supporter of Trump not us.
WackoWarren keepour presidents name out of youmouth with your serpent tounge you will #nevergetvotesagain EVIL
I don't see the American flag in your picture. Please explain before you do what you do
what are you doing about #DoddFrank?  @realDonaldTrump
Donald Trump is surprised to learn that judges do more than just bankruptcies & divorces. #impeachnow
NOT illegal or immoral! My Grandparents came during Bolshevik Revolution! Stayed at Ellis Island first.
We will unite and overcome the cataclysm that is Donald Trump. #RESISTANCE
Obstruct. Resist. Disrupt. #impeachtrump
Lizzy is the leader of the New Democratic Party know as Radical Liberal Terrorists. Thx for screwing us
thank you president bush!
No Thank You Judge Robart.
#FakeNews No such ban. No way!
nice lie #WooWoo  , who decided the Executive Order is illegal?  Was lying on your application legal?
yes and he's pitching a fit. So predictable. Keep up the good work @SenWarren #resist #Impeach45
it is not illegal. You are a senator don't know the constitution or law. How sad & disbraceful
Are you moving them to your neighborhood or don't you take refugees on the reservation?
Hope your past reveals what a despicable man/woman your are! 2 husbands ought to be interviewed!Quaking?
DIMWIT warren doesn't see the WHOLE picture! #PresidentTrump is PROTECTING American citizens!
 UK: London Muslims Chant: "USA You Will Pay! Caliphate On It's Way!" 
Yea, bring them all in to take jobs from many and put us futher in depth to take care of these people!
and the "so-called President" is very displeased!
Please do all you can to oppose this #repubhypocrite! We are counting on you @SenWarren
#StopDeVos
keep fighting for us and thank you. That maniac needs to go.
should people be looking at 25th amendment section 4 maybe,what do you think,
Don't need your pity. We'll do just fine
So are you saying former President Obam executed an illegal & immoral order?
thank you senator Warren. We need to keep fighting for our values
thanks for being so tough senator!
but U can't relax, DJT believes he's above the law. He has shown his true racist colors, over and over.
That judge way overreached. What about the opposite decision by the Boston Fed judge? It isnt a muslim ban either!
spend spend and spend more of our tax money on politics...sickening
green cards/Vista can't be provided. They can control that.
Lizzy I guess you are relieved in other ways as well.
This is gonna be one hell of a long 4 years.
Looking forward to 45's apology to the former deputy AG. Many more failures to come! Impeachment soon?
thank you for you vociferous speech to shore up and preserve the Constitution and Democracy.
Massachusetts school systems do not have the resources to support more refugees!
Have a good day and don't get blown up buy a muslum radical.
does that mean your supporters will stop destroying our country so we can live in peace?
nj thank you so much. Soggy we bothered you non stop
Next atrocity is on your head Sen Warren.  Big risk/responsibility you are taking on.
You are as bad as Dr Jill. Go away
you're funny. Typical, blind obedience to unethical GOP .
Far from immoral protecting the country.  Typical  Always the inflamed rhetoric
please throw your hat in the ring 2020 Ms Warren #NoBanNoWall
Dump
please work to impeach
bannon miller tugging his strings 2hard u getting careless GOP may cut your strings Lil donald
thank god for checks and balances hopefully it will stop madmen and his propaganda machine
#NoBanNoWall
Your comical you project an angry old woman has never experienced anything good in her life and want to punish everyone else.
@marcylauren @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I love @SenWarren I stand with you
that's going to end the safety of all the people over rules the inconvenience of a few. The judge sucks
What? Are you afraid of losing your base? Liberals love to prey on the innocent and ignorant.
What goes around, comes around@SenWarren
But nothing from you about police brutality against First Nation's People in North Dakota. The Threat
God forbid no extremist slips through and kills innocent Americans.if so let their blood be on ur hands
DO SOMETHING Senator! You couldn't STOP Trump winning...........now, do something. STOP HIM.
It show how far left your courts have become. Everything is great until you get blown to smithereens.
Saga of the Blonde-Haired, Blue-Eyed Squaw
It is immoral not to defend yourself!!!
How long will we have to endure this man
not so fast an injunction is coming.
That's great! Now keep up the pressure to NOT confirm #DeVos. My #LGBT Sp Needs child deserves better.
being convicted of fraud, grounds for impeachment??
I'll be relieved when we vote you out of office
