A man who spent 40 yrs union busting has no business on the @NLRB. Heading to the floor to oppose William Emanuel: https://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=20 …
Unions need Congress to back them. There is no " we the union should do it ourselves." The govt is payed for by the workers.
Stop paying them
Wish I could not pay taxes.  We can only vote with intelligence 
We'll then,since bumbs don't pay taxes, why should any of us, just because a man has money doesn't mean you get to steal it
What the beck are you telling about?  This makes no sense.
Can we also join together to give #PuertoRico help?
Did any of the other countries give us aid when in need!
FYI Puerto Rico = American territory; what was the purpose for your question?
Trump needs to go down and very soon
Is that a threat Wayne?
Anyone still supporting this CLOWN needs their head examined!
If Congress stood up for the workers,they'd loose their corporate sponsors.  They'd have to rely on the little people again.
Liz, that's what Unions were formed for. Not just the Right to Work,yes? Yes,. Ms. Warren. Cool ain't crazy. Motownboochie. DETROIT
I'm so grateful for the people in Congress who stood up for the people who needs Medicaid. God bless them.
Republicans want to ban unions because they are mostly pro-democrat.
What about giving the real men a raise. That protect our country.
It's about freedom of speech. The very thing your troops are protecting. *shrugs*
Agreed, USN retired.
Thank You Senator
The new Trump tax plan will screw the middle and lower classes.  Please rally and put an end to such idiocy.
Last I checked, the Democrats in Congress were all kneeling. Lol...

Democrats should have fought against the Electoral College & we would not be in the mess we are in!
Stop crying, move on
Agreed.  Gather evidence, then impeach!
If our sold-out, fascist Congress continues funding the mass-murdering u.s. military, fuck them!
So what's your plan??? Do you have one?? Please tell us, does it include the grown being in charge?????
Grown ups ' Hahaha
Hell yeah Elizabeth you're right go Union
Are you actually in a labor union? Don’t know how u can support her if that’s the case. Gov regulation kills jobs
They'll be at the polls Voting you Out!
Sen. if you haven’t considered it please consider running for the presidency. The nation needs someone like you to right the ship.
Why doesn't Congress stand up for workers????
Liz - democrats can't stand up for themselves that is why congress passes all these laws to help them
If you stand up for workers any more we'll all be broke
As always all talk Pocahontas but absolutely no facts.
Stand up for everyone and #Resist !! Start the #impeachment  process!!
Trump needs to go leave what Obama did alone the world seemed peaceful
You don’t give a shit about workers If you did, u would support less gov regulation that strangles business- they can’t hire
I am now retired and owe the union for everything my family and I have. Now our government makes it harder every day to join a union.
Why can't we all just get along? There is only so much money to go around and your colleagues are first in line to collect. #corruption
It seems Senator Warren is first in line to collect, forget her colleagues!
We need to work together.  There is a lot of bad business practices....https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-and-the-customer-experience/ …
Thank you, Senator.  Democrats have a lot ideologically to work on: the Clinton/Greenspan years devastated wages and unions.
Question for everyone knocking unions.....how many workers are in unions?? Do the math teachers,nurses,truckers,automotive skilled trades
Penalize through private lawsuits the current administration. Mueller is taking his time as FBI should. Please defend us, Democracy is gone
Exactly what do you mean?
Thanks @SenWarren for your #workeradvocacy. @SCOTUS is already set to stiff workers with the #januscase; we need the #NLRB to be balanced.
#BoycottTheNFLNov12
Is that code for forcing all workers to join a union.  And who benefits from that??  Dems of course.  More big lies from the Left!
Kinda like government workers are allowed to unionize? Oh wait...
Unions are not the answer.  Welfare societies enslave.  Keeping jobs in America is key.
Least we can do for the American workers his to work diligently to insure you do not get re-elected.  It would go far to make America great
Did you get that from the spirits of your ancestors
Ya'll had 8 years what happened?
You need to clarify workers @SenWarren, because I'm finding it difficult to believe you give a damn about the middle class workers.
1700 Union Workers on Strike for 6 months against corporate greed Spectrum fighting to keep union medical benefits and defined pension plan
Any man stopping forced democrat voting, via unions, is a.o.k. with me.
The best way for workers to join together, discuss their issues and then stand up to the employer is to form a Union. No union-No leverage
If you really want to stand up for workers reduce our cost of tax. Leave us more of the money we earn

Union
Guess your talking about keeping all those union dollars coming the way of the Democratic party. Workers want out of unions, not in!
How in the hell it came to a point where you all start becoming helpless, is greed that much of an addiction!!
I don't know what you're talking about but I'm sure you're wrong.
Yes it is called unions
The American congress is against the American people. Our government is turning against us and this is an obvious reality!
Senators ELIZABETH WARREN AND BERNIE SANDERS ARE MAJOR PROMOTERS of WORKER RIGHTS! All AMERICANS MUST STAND AND FIGHT BACK AT CORPORATIONUSA
All EXISTING AND FLEDLING UNIONS AND UNION MEMBERS TAKE NOTE AT SENATOR WARRENS STATEMENT WHICH IS ONE AT THE HEART OF ALL UNION MOVEMENTS
If UAW LOCAL 950 were still around I SAY WE STAND WITH THOSE SENATORS WHO STAND FOR AND WITH THE RIGHTS OF WORKERS. UAWLOCAL950RetredJC BETZ
Thank you!
How a member of the 1% is going to represent workers, need to start redistributing ur wealth, to be a true representative.
If Americans can't pull the head out of the sand  were all going to have to move to Canada  of course they don't want us truth google it

@SenWarren THANK YOU for working so hard to make #America a better place.  Keep listening to your heart (not to these idiots!)
I wish u would leave the white house.all you dems are is crooks. TRUMP  SUPPORTER
You're a light of hope...
You should take a knee Pocahontas.
You don't give a damn about workers as long as your opportunities and pay to play money rolls in. What a lying phony you are, to the curb
Unions hav long out lived their purpose skilled labor is only worth so much and then something like union administration pay has got to give
If that's true, vote to lower middle class tax when the vote comes up.
The why the horrible trade agreements that decimated manufacturing and killed the unions..
Unions SUCK!!! We should make them illegal.
Well maybe you should have still up for the people. Where were you for the passed 8 years?
Stand up for citizens!!
Enforce laws which Congress made!!

Your pride, conceited self-important, make you look foolish.
Don't under the table illegals working construction under cut the American worker?
Please run for president.  Pick Tammy  Baldwin as your VP!!
Why do your policies reward long term unemployment and govt dependency for African American and lower income Families
Do your research bud...more Caucasian people dependant on government policies. Dont fall.for the lie
Absolutely
Are only Union people “workers”?
What are you crying about now...
In Iowa, the GOP took away our right to collectively bargain.  Barely a peep was heard.
Elizabeth you cannot seem to stay on one topic and therefore you accomplish nothing except filling the environment with hot air.
Yep and pad union bosses pockets and get nothing in return. Go ahead Lizzy help yourself!
So....Advocating for more violence, you're a hypocrite!! You will Never be POTUS, Shoofly go away!!
get senior college students that major in all areas PR needs to rebuild.
So join a Union.
And the beat goes on.
Your single payer healthcare puts millions out of work in favor of government employees that contribute to your campaigns ya crooks
Liz,,, everyone in America gets that chance.  That's what makes this country so great. 'All you have to do is get off your lazy ass and work
What does this mean? I'd like to get behind it but it's just a platitude.
Can you stand up for TERM LIMITS ? You're a liar Liz
When was the last time you tried to help anything instead of hindering. #worktogether
One of the worst records in the senate.
What workers? Common people or those in unions you work to protect?
AmeriKKKa: Whites have THE RIGHT 2 "HATE SPEECH" & REBEL FLAGS;  BLACKS "NO RIGHT" 2 "PROTEST SPEECH or ACTS!"  #TRUMP  DOCTRINE.
How much hav the unions contributed to your campaign?
AMEN Senator Warren!!! You're OUTSTANDING DEDICATION is GREATLY APPRECIATED  
SHE sucks you know it
#Spectrum union busting. Making BILLIONS. Keeping 1700 #local3 @ibew out on ULP #spectrumstrike 182 days. 
cc @WaywardWinifred @pplsummit
Well Stated
With all the 1000's of state and federal laws that govern the workplace Warren still believes people should pay for the right to work
Fabian socialist propaganda by none other than wicked Warren our very own traitor to American freedom only ignorant people listen
Stand up for these workers and they will remember next election Just like those forgotten #IRMA #Harvey #Maria



Besides being a 1%er you are a part of Congress too Sis. #headreadytoexplode
Maybe you should stand up against big military spending. Oh wait, you just voted for a 700 billion dollar military budget increase.
Sounding a bit like preludes to Hitler's 1927 Speech; 25 point program for Nazi Party's… National Socialist Platform.
@DineshDSouza @FoxNews
Or, the 2016 Democratic Party's platform drafted by @SenSanders, and Elizabeth Warren.
#UnionStrong
Pocahontas loses AGAIN.  Congrats to Emanuel!!
Your clueless about worker struggles. You're a professional politician apparently fighting for the poor while making huge money.
such a fascist left wing socialist
Why do democrats continue to put illegals before Americans
Lol. Like illegal workers you support. Get with it lady.
Stop standing for everything and start doing something productive
Doing a great job doing the work for all those unions you got money from.....
Go get em Lizzie...........................................................
You mean less jobs.
If you want to stand up for workers the BEST thing you could do is deport illegals that have decimated wages, union membership, jobs etc!
Please get them to stop union busting and start looking out for the middle class or they won't have anyone to pay tax because the rich won't
Great argument for universal #BasicIncome!! 
Resign please!
Stuff it
You're horrible
What did you and other socialists do for workers when in power. Nothing except make it worse for them. Go count your millions. #dragonsden
Liawatha
Debate on Health Care today made it clear that HEALTHCARE may break us in 10 years, whether run by the States or the ACA. We must face that.
Congress should not change the system without a FULL DEBATE in both houses, in the old manner. Senators must this week reject any new plan.
Liz-the democrat congress is why workers are in such a bad way - your party preaches poverty and dispair-dems are loosers & workers find out
Unions r no longer representing workers only their own interests while taking workers $
What about YOUR role in defending TRAVELERS in Travelers v. Bailey - a landmark asbestos case argued before the US Supreme Court @SenWarren?
Hello Senator. Are you able to supply a link as to your defense in passing the #defensebudget ? Tks in advance.
Perhaps one of you might also mosey on down the street and tell the president to stop TWEETING about nuclear arms. Disgraceful.
We need Al Franken or Maxine Waters as President!! 
Sorry, we're not allowed to protest
Who's stopping you?
Give them some of your ill gotten gains Poky hontus 
At least she hasn't been laundering money for Russia for years. No grand jury hanging over her head.
You're a beacon of hope for the public service system, keep up the wonderful work @SenWarren!
I'll answer your question with a question: are you just ignorant to see the good @SenWarren is doing day-after-day?  No scandals. She's real
Is this really the future of the DemoRat Potty?

Thank you ma'am. Here in Texas fighting daily. If you need a real fighter give me jingle. Progressive minded not Corporate Democrats please!
They have that chance to join together with a labor union. You're trying to buy votes.
She has to go! She comes off like a women that doesn’t enjoy life. Warren for president. I just told a joke lol
Haha and I’m an Indian
AMERICA is Now On Life Support. U Have 2 Find A Way To End Run TRUMP & The GOP's B 4 AMERICA Implodes in Every Way Imaginable. LAST GASP
Bold kimosabe
Union membership has been in decline over the last decades due to movements towards a service economy and many other factors. It is complex.
It is very complex. Some union leaders on the take. Corporate America taking profits over people. Indeed complex.
Why are you acting like you ever gave half a shit about the working class? We don't want you. If you wanna help, resign from public office.
Irony.
Americans must stand up to folks robbing them of rights & decent life.
While folks ALSO take knees to Defend racial justices?
#Enigma
Are you going to do a war dance? 
Since when did you become "for the worker"?
She needs the workers vote on 2020 probably
Yup
Moochers and looters, ie Democrats destroy everything.  Give me FreeMarket!
You phony Indian, Pocahontas. It was all about corrupt money wasn't it Thief. You Communists make us Sick.
Absolutely agree.  While some argue that unionization and such ideals have caused job loss overseas, working conditions thrive.  Fook 'Em!
Pipe down Boycott the #NFL #StandForOurAnthem
Says the millionaire FAUXCAHONTAS
Create chaos 
Make us hate one another
Keep us divided 
Depress our hopes
Pervert the language
Confuse the young
Lie to a TV camera
Destroy.
No elizabeth u have to stand up for workers, higher tax rates is not the way to go.
She didn't. Good try.
She does support Keynesian economics, which raises tax rates for redistribution what are you talking about?
go away fakahontas, we don't want to hear anything you have to say!!
pocohantas...you are  1%er..lying scammer
I worked in a right to work state, thank God, as the Union worked for teacher, not students.
A union working for the worker?! Crazy!
Workers voted for Trump, so what are you talking about?  Dems don’t represent workers.  They’re the party of elitists leftists
You don't make any sense most of the time, but this one is worse than others
Be nice if you would stand for Americans and quit pandering to cheap illegal alien labor. But then who would pick fruit and clean toilets?
what we need to do is get rid of all career politicians like Warren, Schumer, Pelosi, Ryan, McCain, Graham, then we may have a real chance.
Just take a knee
And Elizabeth says if that means paying women less than men than that's the way we got to do it
Including NFL players!
Love you Liz
You bet!
Huh?

If Congress won't stand up for whites, the very least we can do is give these whites a chance to join together & stand up for themselves.
LEGAL IMMIGRANTS  or ILLEGAL?  Hopefully  the 9 GOP Senators are protecting  LEGAL IMMIGRANTS.
Are you going on another boring warpath, kimosabe?
What are you doing for Puerto Rico?
ATTENTION
1000s are dying in Puerto Rico
Trump Won't Help
Even though alot is happening WE CAN 
Save a Life
DONATEhttp://Hispanicfederation.org/donate 
You're a fool spreading lies. Of course we are helping
