Hope this judge who stole seat isn't in Trumps pocket. If so he'll fuck up all investigation trials up for Trump. Still think he isn't good.
He certainly seems like he's in the GOP's pocket which is just as bad
Democrats have spent more Black Money than anyone and you wan to blame republicans.  Warren, resign today and save us all money
Why do you pay your female staffers less than men ?  Hypocrite !
You mean like the BILLIONS oblubber sent SECRETLY to Iran??
It wasn't done secretly and the United States owed that money to Iran.
Oh get real! It was delivered In unmarked planes in the middle of the night...pallets of cash..
Senator Do You Prefer Civil War Or A Negotiated Separation Of Democrat States From The Totally Evil States? My Estimate Is 56Million KIA...
@RayElli38063697  "To own," "to be owned by."  It's a tricky language, English.
Yes and Dems will forever own Obamacare! My monthly healthcare premium now $1,193 for myself alone. Husband $800. Thanks! Former Dem!
We are not fighting back hard enough!
Soon to be 6 to 3 ,Pocahontas  !
keep paying women less.  You r a fraud
https://mobile.twitter.com/undefined/status/851195033713639425 …
They don't care.
Respectfully Senator, you say that like the @GOP will see it as a bad thing. One would think they are quite comfortable with "owning it"!
Well the idiot republicans will now have to deal with y'all later cause now you can do the Same techniques as them and They will be screwed!
Frankly Elizabeth I dont think they give a damn!
And the #left never had secret #political #spending under the previous potus admin? Give me a break #textbook #propaganda #bipolar
Can U explain the missing $$ from State Dept when Hillary was in charge?
Just like you own the muslim influx.
They may own it but we have to live with the consequences.
Because of Democrat Stupidity the next SC nominee will make the freedom caucus proud!!  And there is nothing you can do about it!!
Dark money has ruined American politics. Overturn Citizens United. Oh, wait. That was Gorsuch.
like the Dems own the recent chemical attack after Obama backed down from the red line?  Or is this just a one way street?
Those floodgates of "HELL" will not prevail
Okay let's talk secret spending?Whats Ur salary?Yet Uhave millions!Lets hope every honest trial floodgate is opened wide&your puppets drown!
This is not normal, you can't treat it like it is.
@senrobportman I will blame you #heartless #NoEmpathy
Repubs don't care. You're making glorious speeches and bayonet charges and they're using machine guns and pissing on the dead.
The problem is, I think they're ok with that.
Bye bye lizzy
But they don't care - that's what they want!
Sure, means u Dems can't spend like water!
They love secret spending. That's how they win. Dark money, dark actions from the GOP everywhere you look.
Keep up the Truth Talk!!!
Still an idiot. Lots of Schumer tapes out there
filibuster!  Nuking threat is just a bluff
Isn't that awesome you wing nuts getting tired of losing
Take your fake crystal ball, and underpaid staff, and go home #whereareyourfacts
Your nuts! Your also a HYPOCRITE! A LIB DEM LAWYER that lies to the American ppl & a divisiveness is unconscionable~
They don't care!
you mean the secret spending that goes into your greedy manipulative pocket. You're a hypocrite and a cancer to society #marxist
Our hope: Justice Roberts or other, seeing danger to the republic, might move more to the center or might even join with the libs.
We need to win senate seats in '18. Before RBG retires
And live happily to own it. With any luck they'll have another nominee before next years election
You are a fraud
So who cares who "owns" it? The shit still rolls downhill onto us!
And pigs will fly!
GOP doesn't have an ethical bone in their collective body.
They NEVER take responsibility for the decimation they cause.
Like the Clinton Foundation?
How to say even apply. Don't start drinking so early in the day. Fire water make you sad
Let's talk about all the tax payer monies wasted on all entitlement programs that you support, not just secret spending.
Apoplectic.
They don't care. That's the problem.
They cant wait.
Yes.  Yea
Sadly, I don't think they care. In fact, I'd suggest they consider that an incentive. #resist
The Problem lies that USA has been founded by Thugs, Killers & Looters. Most Americans are Mutated 2b Murderers & Looters out of Greed
Lol.  I love it
Seems fitting for a crowd devoted to owning everything.
They'll have to own the thing they want?
We will still make this country and this world better no matter what the rules are.
Dont forget the Russians. They are coming, ya know.  They are gonna getcha! The russians are coming, the russians are coming!!!!
Clown
It's been 5-4 for the last 45 years.
http://freebeacon.com/politics/flashback-warren-pushed-nuclear-option-2012-2013/ … remember this Lizzy
Like they care
I'll bet you are regretting voting for the Reid law that allowed this to happen.
Can't wait for your fraudness to be voted out in Mass.
All 8 sitting Judges have denounced and rejected him. He'll end up bringing them together to vote against himself.
Where are you getting this crap.
Yep. And...? They own #CitizensUnited. Ain't shit changed.
So what?  That only benefits them.
what happen to your stance on #EqualPayDay?
As we see that flood gate has been ripped off it's hinges by none other than the far left libs line u Warren
The nuclear option is not a good idea.
It doesn't look good for a Democratic Republic to shut out protests and filibuster by changing rules.
There is a reason there is a filibuster. We have it so the opposition can still oppose the majority. Changing that rule is a disgrace.
This tweet is zero help.  They WANT to own every 5-4 decision.

You shoulda been a professional wrestling referee with that kind of insight
Continue your fight. We're fighting with you!!
No. Shit.
Treason has consequences.
Looks like it's a done deal.
@ThomasJ17762016 Yes, they are bought, have no independent voice. Kochs, Mercers, foreign corporations, BOUGHT.  #campaignreform
The Supreme Court doesn't set the law of the land. If they make an unconstitutional ruling states can nullify the federal law.
But they won't.
The sky is falling! The sky is falling!  Please, this is why you keep losing. #chickenlittle
This is so sad. I don't get it anymore.
Is there any way to reinstsate the 60 vote rule? McConnell is the scum of the senate!!!
You're wrong. You have to realize their voters won't care.
I'm too depressed. They truly DO NOT CARE what happens. They will still get voted in and there are no consequences for them.
You assume that isn't exactly what they want.
We need to fill all the seats with Conservtives so we can get law and order back. Our constitution was put in place for a reason.
Democrats were the real beneficiaries of dark money in the past elections. Keep spreading the b.s. Your uniformed voters will swoon over you
6-3 when Ruth retires
Isn't that the whole point of what they are doing? THEY DON'T CARE.
It won't be 5-4 for long, thx to turtle man.
They're cool with that.
sounds like you are having a bit of a melt down, Liz.  A nuclear...  er Reid melt down.
They are putting Gorsuch into the Supreme Court for the sole purpose of enabling secret spending and robbing taxpayers blind.
But you brought doughnuts!?!!
If a justice now needs a simple majority to be confirmed then its only fair that this system be used for president also.
Absolutely! Dissolve Electoral College now
Screw u show us how u made ur money
he's replacing Scolia, who was very conservative, and we still got good done. I'm far more worried about the next seat :(
Understand the duty of oversight committee. I don't see the effectiveness whn the ppl are left in the dark re: $ in & $ out. Transparency?
And the Vikings have to own every village they burned!
Vikings: yes.
Only when taking responsibility serves them.
They have sold their souls and the democracy of the USA down the swaney.They don't care what you, or the rest of the American people, think
Sadly they truly don't care. Brazenly hurting Americans as their base is programmed 24/7 by right wing hate & corp media. #VOTE2018
The GOP will flaunt every 5/4 decision in the faces of those that pay their health care..how's that for a knife to the heart?
GOP is fine with corporations running the country. They prove it almost daily. ATT, Verizon, Comcast to sell browsing data thanks to them.
BLAAA BLAA BLAAA ..More petty b.s.
What the hell does that mean?
And we will have to fight to get a majority in both houses to bring in new legislation regulating election spending.
They will. I better see you all speak untill you're taken out in handcuffs. This isn't funny. Use the arrests to shine a light.
Republicans can always be counted on being in the "smoke filled universe" of real truth. Fakenews all around, climate,politics, economy etc.
Keep Fighting!  OFC, we as resistance group must keep fighting for you!
About that...
This is what happens when the GOP WINS and the Dems LOSE.
Obama: "We won, you lost"
Obama: "Elections have consequences"
Anytime you want to bring a little #transparency into the system you could promote
I imagine they'll be happy to. They'll maintain it lovingly, and polish it extensively, so as to get as long a life out of it as possible.
If only they cared. They want to strike down rulings on cases going back to civil rights decisions, women's reproductive rights and more
That's all well and good, but every consequence of those 5-4 decisions will be felt by American citizens. We will pay the price.
Happily. Citizens United is law. Deal w/ it
im sure fear of thatt will keep them awake at night...
they'll be 'owning' it while the rest of us SUFFER from it.
But will they care? My money says no. #flipthesenate #votetheGOPout #GOPhypocrisy
They don't care is the problem.
thank you @SenWarren for your hard work and for representing our best interests. never give up!
But they wont. They are entitled rich white guys who never accept responsibility for anything.
They don't care!  Help us !!
I am sure they will be happy to own that. They LOVE dark $ in politics. It allows them to hide who supports them. #GreedOppressionPiety
Keep lying Pocahontas
I hope every Republican loses their job at the next election!
2018 will be a political bloodbath. Eh. Karma.
Fight back!! Make them hear us!
Thank God Pocahontas. Give your female staff a raise you fraud.
Sadly they will gladly own anything that lines their own pockets Elizabeth
They'll be cool with that, as long as they get personally rich off the secret spending!
They won't care one bit
Don't worry. They broke it they bought it.
Repeating myself here but they won't own anything. They never do. They will blame it on Obama.
They will do so happily as their pockets are lined
Just retake Congress and the presidency and we can add two more justices. Problem solved.
Done
Then they will own the 6-3 and 7-2 and maybe 8-1 decisions
Yawn....
We've got'em right where we want'em.
Boo hoo. Need a cookie? How about a "safe space"? We got fed up with your obstruction nonsense and we put a stop to it.
#PlayedByYourRules
one gets the impression that they know this, don't care & welcome it.
thing is...I think that's exactly what they want
Amen!
Matthew 21:32
For John came to you in the way of righteousness, and you did not believe him; but tax collectors and harlots [1/2]
believed him; and when you saw it, you did not afterward relent and believe him. [2/2]
