Wow!!! How did you become so irrelevant so fast? @bannedbutcher5 @RonUrbanski @Rooster842 @nicktitanmill @realDonaldTrump #roycoopersucks
It's  draining the swap. UR sense of reason can't see the ppl in charge are to cut BS and dispose of BS. U Know BS, like yr sense of reason.
You do realize we are 20 trillion in debt right? We don't need nice ppl. We need in your face action to fix it or working class suffers.
Snowflakes don't care about working class people!!  #RoyCooperSucks
Dear twitter I pray one day u can find me a liberal that actually makes sense and can debate facts intelligently. BTW libs screwed Detroit
Ok HighCheeks.
Your an ass.
YOU'RE not YOUR. Now YOU'RE the ass.
You have got to be kidding me that a public official could be speaking with a 2nd grader's potty mouth!  #ourtaxdollarsatwork #mindblowing
ZZzzz... just waking up?
Me and millions! #resist. Under the aegis of Pres Obama we could be idle, but no longer: #silentmajoritynomore  and we are indeed waking up!
You need someone to check your med schedule... or turn down the power on that butt plug.
Warren is a racist.
You're right Elizabeth Warren this is not Russia and this fool is not a king
- I'm not sure you typed that correctly? #DEMS fought for @HillaryClinton and LOST. Typo? Mistake? Ignorance? Your choice
Ah yes. @SenWarren who has never worked in nor understands finance fighting to maintain rules that people with real jobs must follow.
That indian blood boiling again
Yes, you and as many Americans as possible, must keep fighting to save the conflict of interest rules!
Keep up the good work fighting for Truth & Justice!The Lord will reward you;Never despair! Peace
When will u apologize for lying about being of Native American decent? U offend those of us who are. #and still she persists.... in lying
"Kill " is a strong word, Pocahontas!
We have Repubs in office I just wish they wld let ACA fail. Freeze wages and hiring we definitely need smaller Govmt & congress term limits
Lieawatha has been gaming the system for years.
Tell the real story Elizabeth.
Thank you, Senator Warren. I am so grateful that we have you looking into everything that goes on.
What i'd like to know is how this budget affects you Being that you are Dem And inclined to oppose Trump no matter what
Warren is a conflict of interest! She claims to believe in democracy, but her actions says otherwise. Must step down!
Lizzy, that's all you libs do is fight! Why don't you try and work together for a change The people are sick of you dirty politicians
You are an utter clown; focus on problems that are real.
You lie, deflect, disguise, promote conflict when you have no proof or evidence.
President Trump was right Warren you're a loser and the best thing is to vote you Satan seeds out
 your Evil.  @USDOL
Do you ever work or just tweet crap all day?
All I hear in your stupid and desperate tweets is FEAR!
You need to fight to expose liars in the Senate, Liz. Follow the clues.
Any side that you represent is being harmed by your involvement.
We're behind you Senator Warren
You won.t be handled with "Kid Gloves"!
We do not need a fight, we need both sides to discuss not fight. You are brutal.
Keep it up. Manchester is on you and hope that you can wear it well.
I thought you were worried about the Russians.
Little lizzy, how much money did Pelosi make on insider trading.   You won't go there will u.
It shouldn't be acceptable to anyone in this land, that our leaders enrich themselves thru actions which knowingly create misery for others.
This is what you're focused on? Really?
It's good to have some conscientious legislators who don't forget while they are there-to represent regular citizens
Buhahahahaha. Your dnc spent BILLIONS FIGHTING and you still LOST!!!!
No more fighting corrupt Congress is going down!
Why don't you help Trump to maga.
No one can trust you. You're bought and paid for.
Still in high school?Stay in there &fight fight fight! Why do U think we want U democrats back in office? That's why U lost the election .
Thank you Sen Warren. We The people can always count on you.
Wake up!
You have not won anything??? You have no credibility and poor judgement!! More importantly you have not accomplished anything in the Senate
Does this mean the civil war has begun? Let's get it.
Fighting is not the answer. Try cooperation and love and kindness. It is way more powerful.
I commend you for your spirits I'm grateful for you for the person you are for what you stand for for what you believe in God bless you
Her God is herself. As with most communists who attemp to subvert democracy for a dictatorship, she is Godless.
Hopefully
thank you sometimes I think our people @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz R preoccupied with self service or preservation @MSNBC
You're a loser and always have been. Keep losing, loser!
But the democrats know how to spell lose the best
Is there a way to do a GoFundMe for people who have to miss work to vote?
Okay Chief Wahoo
HOW?
No that's her currpted party
Yeah like @HillaryClinton did for @TheDemocrats party?
How can you fight for right when you take Bribes from Israel to wage Perpetual War & destroy age old Civilisations of Syria, Iraq, Libya
Will u be performing a NativeAmericanWarDance?  I support all IndianPrincesses. Where can I send u wampum??
Tell us how we can get a no-interest loans from Harvard for over $1.5 to buy a house, you corrupt lying fake Indian..
# and still she persists......in lying
Get your tomahawk out there Pocahontas. Why don't you scalp em.    Do a rain dance   Go kill a buffalo and make some skins
Indians are known for fighting
Like Seth Rich won! You're a liar and will be voted out in November 2018
put your head back into the sand. All you Dems are corrupt.
Good. While you're busy doing that, you won't be able to do damage elsewhere.
Thank you for all you do!!!  We need more senators like you.
can't we just tar and feather this crowd? Please??
One hard working woman show them how it gets done. Thank you
Please don't let these trolls ruin your day. I'll bet at least half of them are Trumps other Twitter accounts.
Actually we're main stream democrats who can see the treachery and lies propagated by her and many like her.
Yet when we speak of fighting Islamic extremism, you call us islamaphobes and other names. #hypocrite
WHY CAN,T U...Fight the current situation across the World?
fake Native American
if it's true it ain't "material" of course a liberal db wouldn't understand that. She is sick to lie about that.
Have you proved your Indian heritage yet. Such a liar and cheat
Liz is a socialist which is today's Democratic Party.  Pay back the money you got for lying on your ethnicity.
We must not let Repug anti-consumers destroy DOL rule making brokers fiduciaries to retirement customers.  @CNBCFastMoney  @kathieallenmd
FIGHT fighting fight fighting all you say and do this is your life how sad
Senator Warren, please please run for POTUS 2020. I would give ANYTHING to see you get our country back on track. PLEASE DO IT!!
You're as useful in a fight as a man is in a room full of raging lesbians.
Also, please craft law banning from serving in the #cabinet campaign donors >$100 & candidate's family of any kind. #nepotism #Pay2Play #sad
Liz, plz Shut Up!
Repblcns & Demcrts,time to rally for proper lawenforcment&government/grandjury function,including accountability@the highest & lowest levels
Thanks, Sen. Warren. Undermining this rule hurts millions of Americans so a precious few can enrich themselves by selling crap to retirees.
We need an investigation into this fake Indian
she's a fake Native American
You are going to lose because it is obvious you have learned nothing!!
Many financial rules have 2 sides but ONLY reason for this is if you think it is ok for advisors to enrich selves by cheating their clients.
The country will be so much better when u leave office!! NUT!!
Awesome response! NOT! You couldn't do anything to help USA if you tried. Youre the nutjob here. TROLL
Lol @ Robert Brown!
All you do is cry and complain, how about doing,,,Please show what exactly you do!! Complain about @POTUS yet you do nothing #clown
if she was on her meds & not hysterical all the time. She a schizo and those who know her know it and now the rest of America is seeing it.
Keep at it! We need your voice! Persist!
She persists, in lying about her Native American heritage in order to qualify for a minority hire. She needs meds to control her hysteria.
Thanks!
Better fight harder than Hillary U fake Indian.
Were comin up the hill behind you Mrs. Warren keep going
ASAP, please amend 18 U.S.C Section 202 so ‘officer’ and ‘employee’ in sections 203, 205, 207-209, and 218 include #POTUS & #VPOTUS. #ethics

Lil cry wolf
Thank you, Senator Warren!  We're with you!
Nobody gives shit what your going to do period!!!
How do you know?
Go, Liz, go!
she is a fake Native American please don't egg her on
Imbecilic buyer on votes

lol you are hilarious!!!
I assume you have!
No Collusion wake up and let's move America forward #wakeup
