But you haven't got time to post on the mass layoffs for IT workers at Mass Mutual losing their jobs to a #H1B scam?
A charter school. I bet that exceptional teacher can't stand you.
good lord that voice...sounds like a cat screeching when its tail gets stepped on.
Betsy DeVoss is proud of this charter school.
Congrats Sydney! Please educate Trump.
And the worst senator in the US
Codman Academy IS A CHARTER SCHOOL!
but the general dumbness being cultivated in America now good examples are Creationism or many of the reality shows out there also  2 blame.
The jump from Creationism to reality shows is quite the vast. I think you covered the entire US population.
phony TV. Celebrities made of  barely to not really any talent, people. Have a life yourself instead of watching  someone else have, one.
Congratulations! I apologize for the ignorance of the Pres not standing up for u while presenting your award....
Thanks to NEA the bar of excellence is set fairly low. Not to disparage great teachers, but overall greatness of public ed is disgraceful
Congrats to Sydney Chaffee
Too bad so little support from MA on such great public schools like Codman
Not sure  Is this school std. public school?  Like ones u r pushing. Or is it a charter school? Like ones u hate? N want 2 
I was a career public school teacher befor I retired. Does everyone realize what an accomplishment this is?
Pretty crazy that a CHARTER school would have the best rated teacher in America. Its wierd isn't it @SenWarren #SchoolChoice #charterschools
Nice! And she's from a Public Charter School, just the type of schools Secretary Devos is advocating everywhere!  Welcome aboard #MAGA
Congrats!  @Merrowvista
Codman! Love C.A. and working with them at  Merrowvista.
A Charter school....
Congratulations!!
FYI, Codman Academy is one of those awful charter schools Democrats are always criticizing & hating on. Looks like @BetsyDeVos was right. 
From a Charter School?  Hey Warren I thought you where against them.
And she's a charter school teacher.
Please do more to support public schools and state universities.
Public education is the rock solid foundation to a better America. Access to learning at all levels produces generations of innovators.
Too bad she's a Teacher at a Charter School which you hate - TYPICAL HYPOCRITICAL LIBERAL
Charter schools are awesome, aren't they?
Feeling stupid yet Senator?
well what do you know, a charter school. the best teacher works for a charter school...
Charter  School shhhhhhhh
You couldn't appear more fake in this if you tried. Don't forget you hate charter schools, you've shown that a lot
No surprise here, you sidling up next to a charter school teacher.  Hey wait....don't you oppose charter schools?
Isn't Codman a charter school??????
Can you do a rain dance for me
Ahem... It's a CHARTER SCHOOL! You HATE charter schools yet they put out Teacher of the Year? Hmmmm.
No thanks to you Lizard.
And THAT'S why we need to ban charter schools...
Wait! Isn't that a private school. The same schools you don't want kids to have a choice to go to? Hypocrite Liberal Dumbocrat!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is so awkward and weird. Cannot win a national election, but LibTards & BernieBrats are stupid enough to nominate her
So why wouldn't it be a surprise for any teacher regardless of where they are from, especially MA. Was it the Russians who tampered w/t vote
They are cutting technology and the arts in Elementary schools in my hometown. How do we stop @BetsyDeVosED I'm angry but also poised.
Are you willing to do more than an occasional tweet to make that happen?
I've donated I've marched I've written. Volunteering is next. So yes.
That's great. We expose Betsy for being the incompetent dunce she is.
Another charter school success story
Senator I oppose everything you stand for, but applaud this teacher.  I'll bury the hatchet for that (or tomahawk)
Would she have been if she held different views?.
Your voice and that damn blue suit would make any criminal admit to the crime... #Shrill
Wish this was a public school teacher and not a charter school teacher!!
Is she in the teacher union? @SenWarren  did she get 400k for teaching one class as a Native American professor?
Did she claim to be Native American too?
She teaches at a Charter School and not a Public School but the Dems don't like Vouchers
Now Dear Eliz, who woulda thunk it in the backward state of MA, with those boring schools @ funny speaking ppl? They even read the @nytimes
it's no coincidence that she is a teacher at a charter school. Thanks for making the case for school choice fauxcahontis.
Liz, You forgot to take your meds today. Codman Academy is a charter school. OMG Liberals hate charter schools
Shh! Don't tell her it was a Charter School.
Liberal union tyrants voting fur liberal education indoctrinators, WOW, surprise!!
Oopsie!  Codman Academy is a Charter School and you've demonized Charter schools as have the rest of the Doomocrat Party.
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/69/2c/6a/692c6a3cca1bfc12bd475b6215346996.jpg …
Is that a charter school? So parents in Mass can choose where to send their children to school? Love that idea @seanhannity @marklevinshow
Congratulations on your achievement!!
MA has the best everything: Schools, hospitals, etc
Who has the best farmer? Doctor? Engineer? Mid level associate manager?
A democrat teacher like the  ones all over the us in 6 years will say we lost 600.000 thousand  opps sorry
...from the exact sort of school you and other #Democrats #Progressives believe should NOT EXIST. #CharterSchool #SchoolChoice
#MAGA
No surprise we are not even top 20 on education rankings as a nation.
Just go away Phoney
well done!
Wonderful! Charter School teacher is the Teacher of the Year....Well done..and Hurrah for Charter Schools..right Lizzy?
Which is a drum roll........  Charter School..... Gasp
Charter schools rock!!!
Charter school teacher!
Yes thank all those teachers!
Did u tell her to teach her students how to fake minority scholarships?
Grew up in the bay State.
That is comical on SOOO many levels!!
Yes she is great because she also teaches @ a Charter Sch where teachers are truly dedicated & students have desire to succeed unlike public
So will you support the kinds of schools where she teaches, @SenWarren ?
Did she lie to get her job too
That kid that called you a liar was amazing
Hell yeah
Charter Schools FTW!!! School choice for EVERYONE!!1!
go away. you have no respect for the class room you stole a indian's chair
Can't make this stuff up, how dumb is Warren...does she not realize she is against Charter schools? I fear for our country.
You get an F for your full tenure as a Senator, write a book on Middle Class, yet middle class shrunk to the smallest during your tenure
Charter school... how about that, Liz?
Is Codman Academy a public school? If not, what can we do to get more like Sydney in them? Perhaps make it a meritocracy?
Lizzie are you pro charter school today?
1.   congradulations I'm sure it's deserved
But, but in Wi we have Scott Walker fighting for our teach..... Ok ummm yeah never mind. #warrentrade?
@carriejsanchez check this out!
Hear! Hear!
Oh but it's not a surprise the other 51 don't WTF LIZ
Teachers who love to teach, teach children to love to learn, A teachers motto to live by. One  encouraging teacher can change a child's life
Wait, @BetsyDeVos supports more charter schools, but you said that was racist and unfair.
Charter School.
Hardly fair that a private school teacher with only 10 pampered rich kids in her class wins this award....
What town is that public school in?  Oh wait a second, is THAT a Charter School?  Liz, aren't you against those???
The problem is unregulated charter schools a la Devos.
R charter schools accessible to the "working family" w/no additional income to spend according to Liz?  They've been "hammered" by Wall St
Good to see a #senator recognize a #teacher!
Not that you had a damn thing to do w/it
Senator Warren is not taking credit, she is merely CONGRATULATING her. All DEDICATED teachers deserve respect, appreciation and more  $$$$$$
I teach pre-schoolers, some have special needs. Those are the children I'm most drawn to, they are the ones that call to me. I love them.
I have never sought recognition for my devotion to the children, but I do expect respect, and I deserve it, only God knows that. I volunteer
Ironically Lizzie Mass has the best teacher and the 2 WORST Senators.  What a shame
Really Sen. I'm offered! Lol! Congrats after all you'll have a real Gov. unlike this Divisive Redundant Arrogant Bully Christie we have  NJ.
Congratulations to the best state in the USA #MAteachersrock 
It'd be great if Codman Academy was a private school. #freemarket
Why ? Plenty of lousy private schools Stop being such an elitist and greedy.  .
You don't even know me.
AND you don't know me either, get it ?
I'm a teacher, and it makes me proud to see these stories. Thanks for sharing #Warren2020 
Is that because she knows how to indoctrinate all of her students into the Democratic Party
Approval rating for the US Senate is 12%.
Congrats and thanks for your hard work, dedication, integrity, spirit and honesty. You are shaping our children & our futures, God Bless
: Congratulations to Massachusetts!
My daughter. Carrie ann Velez is an extra extra hard working and careing teacher. She never asks for recognition.
No teacher asks for recognition; sometimes it's just given.
Who do you think you're foolin?
It's a charter school! So much for the @TheDemocrats love for the teachers union #ha
All NYC teachers deserve one, the multicultural  battle is insane
Congratulations to Ms. Chaffee.
Too bad she's not #NativeAmerican. Then she could teach at @Harvard
And Pocahontas had nothing to do with it, yet seizes photo opportunity. Typical politician.
I get to pronounce you guilty the same way you allowed the fbi to pronounce clinton guilty
I like creamed corn
Balances history of embarrassing senators, Kennedy and you. #Caring #tcot #MAGA #WhyTheyLost
Seriously????  Check your facts and please move.
No surprise the MA has the worst senator in the US.
