Elizabeth stick with one plan of action/goal; accomplish that goal before you attack a new set of goals. You must have ADHD!
Consumers should be reimbursed $299.95 to protect our identity signing up for their family plan credit protection.
How about for selling their stock before revealing this information to the public?
The general public is not a customer to @Equifax . We are only data points.
They collected personal information on non-customers.
Is Elizabeth Warren the only US Senator not in the pocket of American Big Business? Wells Fargo, Equifax. When does it end?
Why do we allow private, for-profit companies to be the sole arbiters of our creditworthiness again? #whatcouldgowrong
fake indians have credit?
Good luck!!! As for the execs selling before disclosing the breach, have them forfeit the money to cover the people.
Great start but the Equifax has not notified hardly anyone. Their executives need to face criminal charges period. The hurt our lives
Thank You Senator Warren!
"Held responsible" = "balls cut off"??
Go Elizabeth!
I will agree if you Democrats will take responsibility and be held accountable for the DNC getting breached.
Absolutely. Instant retweet.
Thank you!  Don't forget the apparent insider trading by selling off stocks as well.
And insider trading? After the breach, before public, they sold their shares.
100 to one nobody goes to jail..they never do
someone should hold you accountable - disgusting Hillary like
Who will pay for losses that stem from the data breach? And what gives them the right to withhold for so long? Who is regulating Equifax?
Just make them pay for my @LifeLock
Will you be calling for @Equifax and @WellsFargo execs to actually serve time in prison for their crimes or simply be 'held accountable'?
And the 3 insider traders ??
Yes! Hold them accountable.
And for criminal insider trading that occurred and multiple breaches in response to the main breach.
Claw the $ back.  @equifax needs to set up a huge fund controlled by an ind. party for identity theft.  Impact many yrs down the rd
Thank you, now help to enable us sue some Equifax ass! 
I think everyone should get a 850 Credit Score that is the only reset. I mean banks had that opportunity why not us unworthy peasants ?
Only acceptable form of redemption is to reset everyone's credit score before we had credit. Remember sub prime mortgages? Middle class help
I understand that but every time there is an issue no accountability yet they have some for of govt insurance to operate blind get rewarded
What about insider trading? There’s no way those that sold stock didn’t know something about it! #equifaxbreach
.@WellsFargo execs ran an organized crime ring. Incentivized employees to steal customer info/open accounts. Should be charged under RICO!
Hold executives accountable with consequences including prison time.
I'm sure they are shaking in their boots just like Wells Fargo execs that spent time in jail..wait they got to keep millions and no jail
So called #CreditCheck profiteers have NO RIGHT 2 sell our personal information w/o knowledge or consent. We need regulations. @SenWarren
Please propose a government plan to replace credit agencies. Well, tbh transunion I am very happy with, invite them to the hearings!
Make them buy back their stock, while you're at it.
Failing to stop breach is an ordinary screwup. Covering up & selling stock should be criminal.
I thought we got a free year of scanning for issues. Nope, they wanted me to pay $10 a month.Tried to call, was on hold 2 hours and gave up
ID theft, finanical risk, anyone worrying about identities stolen for voter fraud? I am.
Thank you! They should be jailed for this!
Wow ur just amazing. Only thing u have done.  Go away
Try putting the exes. on trial then give them a long prison term. Guarantee they take our personal info. more seriously.
CEOs must be held responsible, but the problem is with the technology landscape itself
data security is a systemic problem. Unfair to blame individual, new technology is needed to fix this painpoint across.

Good indian
Yes!

Prosecute fully!
Not enough focus to go around. Nothing was said about DeVos rolling back campus protections.
And you think Deloitte is just coincidental?  This is Financial Industry wide.
Corporations with big data on people need to be held accountable.
@SenWarren ask them why
MANAGEMENT SOLD SHARES BEFORE announcing data breach
Pass cybersecurity laws with teeth @SenWarren.  #equifaxbreach
make sure U cut that jerks, former CEO, golden parachute off. He & the others that sold off their shares, then informed the rest of the hack
We need to impose the death penalty on corporations and executive jobs when management fraud and malfeasance occur.
We should call upon ourselves and hold u accountable for the many evils u have put upon us the people.  Looks like that day is at hand
Thank you for keeping your eye on the ball! Even I'm letting #thefakepresident distract me.
I am glad because it kills good credit
Another thing... How are these credit bureaus allowed to profit off my identity? My life?
I understand, as a citizen I'd be prosecuted for withholding information vital to public safety. Are "corporate citizens" are above the law?
Hahaha a crooked politician in the 1%.... calling for accountability... it's a joke right liz? #Draintheswamp
You should also call for the DNC to be held accountable for the Russian hacks
What number did you dial?
 What would being held accountable look like?
Hahaha... A politician calling for accountability.... it's a joke right Liz? #Draintheswamp
You're late to the party again.
How do we know if we were affected?
The breach is something that could only be delayed, not stopped, but the 40 days should e a hanging offense.
What about the insider stock trading they did when they sold their shares before announcing the breach?
They should be held accountable.  Soon most of their employees will be laid off after Equifax pays out millions of dollars.
Failing to stop it is understandable.  Nothing is fool-proof. Hiding it and then dumping their shares...THAT should be criminal.
@SenatorFischer  and @SenSasse say Golden parachutes for them!  You go @SenWarren 
Please run for president! Please! You are my hero! Thank you for caring about the American people. 
We knew you would be all over this! THANK YOU Senator Warren!
Stop talking and do something...bla,bla,bla
Security Expert @paulviollis is joined by wealth manager @KimberlyFossCFP to weigh in on the #Equifax breach:
Why don't you call on Trump for not investigating the Democrat Party and Hillary Clinton.
Thank you for your work on this important matter!
And prosecute those who knew, yet dumped their stocks!!
I think senators should be held accountable in much the same way. Exec failures pale in comparison to congressional failures and betrayal.
Please tell me "jail time for corporate officers" and "shutting down @Equifax" will be play a part in "accountable."
Call for arrests!!!!
That's great. Next, can you please do what needs to be done to get that dangerous lunatic out of the oval office?
When will you hold democrats accountable for their actions? Huma, Hillary, Rice, Learner, both AG's under O, yourself for lying about race?
Thank you Senator Warren
I'm sure that'll work out, just like all the bankers that caused the 2008 mortgage crisis are now doing time.
Please tell me @SenWarren, that the CFPB's SJR 47 is safe from @SenateGOP repeal. If not @Equifax may be exempt from litigation.
Whippy ding dang until Wall Street executives are jailed for malfeasance instead of piddly ass fines-your demands are phony+YOU know it. 
Also @GinniRometty @IBM who contributes to @SenWarren gets away with this scheme. @FannieMae $IBM @cnbc #LockHerUp
Good but the CEO cut and run already. Gotta find him b4 u can account him.
@realDonaldTrump should be going after @equifax rather than the NFL. They actually harmed millions of Americans
The executives will leave with millions. They knew of this months ago
How about the firing of our obnoxious and retarded unfit president. Trump is an incompetent doturd.
If corporations are now considered people like citizens united says then yes someone needs to be held accountable.
To borrow a phrase: lock them up!
@SenWarren @Equifax @Huntress62
That's because they had stock to sell before announcing the leak. Needs class action suit
you are the best grandstander the dems have ... way to take a chance ...
Thank you Elizabeth, I am one of the 143mm and I need you to stand up as you always do for us US Citizens. They need to be held accountable
Keep them honests
Why not Lois Lerner in targeting conservatives? If government does it, it's ok?
When you call them to freeze your credit you can't get through! @SenWarren
U better get the Health & Tax issue resolved BEFORE u take on ANYTHING else!!
BTW, I'm part of the breach. . I have to watch like a junk yard dog & pay for protection out the butt to make sure NO hack penetrates ME!!!
Corporations must be given the death penalty for these kinds of crimes
I want to see how you hang a corporation.
Thank you for fighting for us!
And wait until we see the investigation into stock trades by their executives
Did u actually call just throw out a worthless tweet?
It's disturbing how easily they could get away with this...
The government has had many data breaches of its department files. Are u or other members of government going to be held accountable?
Yes! YES! yES!
Plus the insider trading for those 3-4 Exec's! Do not let them off the hook for that!
And their executives dumped their stock before they announced! Insider Trading!
Good on you. Their actions reek of douchebaggery.
How about paying a fine that'll make em think twice about doing it again? Maybe the exact amount they received from selling shares off?
We can thank the GOP and Reagan for deregulation, lack of corporate accountability and responsibility. Scumbags!!!
Any exec who sold shares in that 40 days should be charged with SEC violations (at a minimum).
Russia, Russia, Russia!
Should the credit reporting industry even exist?
While dumping stock...
I've called for the US Senate to be held accountable for their role in failing to stop the border breach and hiding it for 40 years.
As a consumer you have no choice about giving these folks your info. You cannot vote with your wallet, and you cannot opt out of service.
Good luck.
How about calling for Hillary, Obama, Rice, Comey etc being held accountable for their crimes!!  You are a joke!!
Don't forget that insider trading ... Martha Stewart went to jail & she didn't hurt anyone. These criminals need to go away for a long time.
What kind of golden parachute will they retire with?
PUERTO RICO NEEDS HELP, ELIZABETH. PLEASE DO SOMETHING!
What exactly do you mean "held accountable?"Does that include criminal prosecution for insider trading or it's just a rubber teeth statement
We also deserve to see Hilary prosecuted !
For what?  Everything has Been proven to be fake News or Russian propaganda that stupid people believe actually were true. Jesus Benghazi!
SENATOR THIS BILL THE WORK OF SATAN !TO UNDERMINE OUR DEMOCRACY !AND THE BEGINNING OF THE END FOR GOVERNMENT!
???
Thanks Senator! You're 100 percent correct.
Thank you future President Warren
Have you called for the same at DNC? after you sold out Bernie
They knew, they didn't tell, they need to be jailed
They knew since March. Try close to 6 months. Revolting!
@SenWarren is reportedly being investigated for insider trading. #MillionarePublicServant
Ok. How about making sure this shit stops happening?
If CEOs continue to get to walk away with millions after their utter failure I don't see things changing. Board members are def next in line
What about you lying about your ethnicity ??
They are stepping down/retiring, getting their parachutes, and out of Dodge.
Thanks for trying
Good start, but I think it's time we stop giving credit bureaus any credibility whatsoever. Their data is now provably compromised.
Amen Sista!!
but then how will they afford their mansions!!!
I’ve called for pizza a few times.  It’s nice to call for things.
Also, the ILLEGAL INSIDER TRADING.
Who do you think guides Warrens stock sales? Insider trading by Congress is legal. Why are others held to a higher standard than our leaders
Let me guess, Republicans are okey dokey with @Equifax and their complete failure?
Utter stupidity! We own stocks as well.
Great. And they should have to reimburse what people lose as a result of the company's negligence.
Please run for President.
They should be.  If we are late for 1 car payment it screws our credit up for yrs.  They mishandled our info. They should b held accountable
Better catch Richard Smith before he gets on that plane to Costa Rica!!
They should be paying for my LifeLock membership every month as a result.
Thank you for understanding how important this is to the middle class. We can't do anything without an honest credit system. Literally.
If we could only be so vigilante with politicians
Catch ‘em before they land under their golden parachutes!
Can we hold them accountable for the credit monitoring I'll need for the rest of my life?
Thank you!
don't forget the insider trading
Do you think they will be? I hope so.
