U are wrong. 75% does not want single payer. It's a job killer. U ever heard of Venezuela?
How dare u mention Russia! You must be a Russian spy
I used to be actually. But no, I grew out of that phase. That's how I know how that side operates. They should be ashamed
They dont hve "better" hlthcre. They hve govt run hlthcre. We should target healthcare costs not getting n business of providing it 4 free
Universal healthcare for all!
Who will pay for it?
We will, I think our taxes should be spent on us, not expanding the largest military in the world.
I would gladly pay for a healthy country.  Just like I pay for roads, police, fire companies and public education, PS I have no kids.
Ur health will not be better UHC. Look at how the vets are treated. I feel sorry 4 ppl who really believe the Dems R working 4 them
Trump only works for Trump. Nothing is perfect, have you looked at countries with UHC? They are doing ok. A rising tide raises all boats.
Hve u looked at them? Why dont u find a twitter user who lives n these countries. ask them how they like UHC or how long it takes 2 C a Dr.
Have you fought with US insurance to get what you need? Preamble of the Constitution says our country is to "promote the general Welfare".
time for single-payer 
Who will pay for this?
Taxing the rich
U think any democrat believes in taxing the rich? U r delusional if u believe that. They get their biggest checks from richest companies
Well, yeah they do. Agreed.
U wanna be mad at some1 about healthcare: be mad at the ppl who took $ 2 pass laws that benefit every1 but ppl who R forced 2 follow them
We shouldn't have a health insurance industry. Health care is a right, not a business.
No healthcare is not a right. If u believe that then u believe its OK 2 enslave people because u R forcing 2 provide a service 2 u
Already self destructed(ACA) Get Real Elizabeth!
To hell with the parasite insurance racket industry- we need Single Payer Medicare for all. Anything less is a hoax.
How much money is the insurance companies donating to your campaigns??

Soooo.....do you have an issue with Native Americans?
Only fake ones.
What is a "fake" Native American? Because that meme comes across as hateful and offensive.
Bite me.
Apparently you do not have one worth explaining. Smh.
And, being of Choctaw ancestry, I find nothing offensive about the meme. If she's gonna lie, she needs to accept the feedback
Ohhhhhh....I see your point. So noted.
Enough with the Evil of trying to steal people healthcare ! This is just insane American trying to destroy other Americans healthcare for $!
You had 7 years did nothing now it will cost billions to bail out and you will still collect a large pension that tax payer have to pay for
Why don't you politicians ever say what your really doing.. strong arming me into buying insurance that I don't want...
Ty Elizabeth! U GET healthcare! Have worked in it 25yrs. & fed up with profit B4 people! Ppl r sicker than ever. SAVE ACA & work 4 MC 4 all!
We're not doing single payer, lady. Americans won't want to pay the taxes required to fund a socialized health system.
American healthcare was the best In the world!!! If republicans let the Dems have their way they are going to kill healthcare for all of us!
McConnell said he's pitting together a repeal plan, which will have a two-year gap until a new bill is signed.
*Same pandering tone* Can you say #SinglePayer? I know you can!
no more daca it was wrong for Obama to do this to our country.Most where not kids but young adults that lied.
What's the deal with my premiums more than doubling in last four years?  $642/month in 2014 to $1427/month for 2017.
I feel your pain. The Democrats need to own the pain they have caused American families, vote them out!
We can't washout Rinos until 2020. We can vote in more true Patriots (2018) neutralizing Rinos votes, knockout Dems.
Healthcare will never be better.
@SenSchumer says single payer is being explored.  Where are you on this?  #Healthcare #MedicareForAll @SenateDems
ACA does not work.  Your code words mean you know it must be replaced. Not quite honest are you.
Is that why you supported Hillary instead of Bernie who actually WANTED single-payer?!?!?
Bernie now wants a public option .... which .... hillary wanted :)
Also Bernie has supported Health Care For All from the VERY beginning. Why in the world would you support establishment candidates?..
I think Hillary had a better chance of her plan being passed than Bsrnie's. She was more detailed and she spoke to minority rights.
...but she lost to the worst political candidate of all time. Might as well have taken that $1billion and lit it on fire.
Well I guess that makes Bernie Sanders a dumpster fire full of garbage because he lost to her by several million votes.
lol that's obviously a joke right?
Truthfully, now is the time for Democrats to say how they want to improve Obamacare and say it clearly. Health care is a fundamental right!
Anything that the government decrees is not a right. Anything that requires others to pay for it is not a right. Grossly ignorant statement
Idealistically,  you are correct, but I am a pragmatist. Health care has become for all civilized nations a right, part of the right to life
A government big enough to give you everything you want, is big enough to take everything you have.
We are with you Sen! Scream it till they hear you ! ACA we need this to live ! Why try to steal lives! Our lives matter not just GOPs! ACA !
Yes keep standing 4 what is Right
Before Trump I was healthy , during Trump most people except the affluent will not survive, after Trump" I will survive, " Gloria Traynor.
Preach, Liz!
Isn't she great! Love her
Yes! I admire Senator Warren. Of course, in my ideal world, Barack and Liz would've endorsed Bernie. Oh, well. Them's the breaks.
Warren/Schiff 2020
What about Medicare for all?
Single-payer should be the goal, thank you
AND IF A SENATOR TELLS YOU THEY ARE GOING TO TAX THE RICH...TRUST ME THEY ARE LYING, THE SENATORS ARE THE WEALTHIEST
Sent Warren are you aware of this game trump is playing
You dodged the question as to whether you support medicareforall on msnbc this morning.  From this lifelong dem, no thanks!
Let's have Liz pay the bill too.
When Congress puts themselves under the same plan as Voters, we will have a deal.  You are not special and should shut up until then.
GET OUT OF OUR HEALTH CARE!! You & your cronies are attacking our right to choose what's best for our health & that of our families!
Single payer system is what we the people want!
Why can't you people look to other   
Nations who have 
Successful healthcare and model after them 
Is the insurance lo
There has not been one word about healthcare reform. GOP bill just takes cash from rich and let's providers rape the population.
Like I listen to a flaming liberal like you. I'm not stupid. Neither are the forgotten voter.
#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace
ACA does nothing to improve healthcare & is costly, similar to Liz, does nothing for Americans & leads $million resistance hearings in DC
It's time for a purge of the freeloaders and those who enable them
And NOW Chicken Little Warren is worried. More pandering to gather votes. Not true interest in problems or solutions
Yeah ... like get rid of the nightmare of a healthcare system that is killing our country for years now!  

#WarrenTheWhackjob
None of your communist bs plans!..this is america not cuba!
I think you should get a boobjob to show your support. Nothing says "Healthcare for all" quite like some DD's.
#Obamacare:defending the indefensible trying to fix the hopelessly broken;you know U can't put lipstick on a pig and call yourself an Indian
Let's see you on this bull health care, if it's so great why did you and Congress exempt yourselves?
all just to give tax cuts to the super rich and medical device and pharmaceutical companies throw everybody else under the bus
Elizabeth, run for the office of president... We so need real empathetic people instead of the circus we now have!
What are those changes?? All the Democrats claim to want to fix the ACA but the haven't released what those fixes are--release so we can see
Good job Elizabeth!!   First step, hold off repel, 2nd step take over congress 2018, 3rd step Single payer! 4th Run for President, please!?!
Joseph Stalin would be proud.
OBAMACARE is a disaster! Why are the Dems defending this nonsense? people in her district are affected by the Horrific ACA sysytem
It was poorly written and not sustainable without major taxes to prop it up  ACA will die on its own. @POTUS is right.
Americans aren't Socialists NO TO OBAMACARE NO TO SINGLE PAYER Hello #CharlieGard
If the #ACA #ObamaCare it's so great why do you want to change it? Where is @TheDemocrats
plan to fix a failing system?
#ObamaCareFail
Leave it to #Fauxcahontas to defend absolute failure. #democratsarenuts #RepealObamacare
So far ACA has withstand Trumps attacks three times!
Listen to @SenSanders on this one please #SinglePayer Not one country in the World wants our healthcare #DeathCare
Here's why a 'single pay system' won't work.
Wrong. It specifically addressed Canada and the failures of their health care program.
I think it's nice you speak for the entire population of Canada.
You have borrowed more than $3 trillion from our children's future's for #ACA when will you stop wasting tax payer money? #ObamaCareFail
How can you defend a failure?  ACA is insurance its not healthcare.
What govt entity has ever ran anything better than a private entity...why would we want govt in hc? So silly.
So nonsensical...

Time to expose the real villains, insurance company CEOs!!
Why do you support a group that celebrates cop killers?
Happy birthday to the revolutionary #AssataShakur! Today's #SignOfResistance, in Assata's honor, is by @Meloniousfunk. 
My Lord Lizzy! Quit defending something that in your next sentence you say needs big changes. Washington is slowly killing us.
the health insurance companies are making it impossible for us. get rid of the penalty for no ins.
You need to retire Grandma and bake cookies and garden. Have Louis Gates investigate your PHONY NATIVE AMERICAN Claims. LOSER!
If ACA was the solution, why are we trying to fix it?
Sen. Warren, why not call for a CBO score on what single payer/Medicare for all would look like for the American people? Full transparency.
Where were you for the Obama care premium hike then?
Your defending a plan that's dying on the vine? Why not get together with your team and come up with a fix
Your sleepy push to obozocare "read it after we pass it". All the time obozo was heading to a single federal gov payor. Sucks when u lose
We need single payer.  That simple.  Nothing else will do.
Thank you @SenWarren. You're the only one representing the American people in the US senate. God bless you.
The best change would be to insist that all in congress must be on Obamacare, not their golden plans they get for free.
#DNATEST Pocohantas
We're counting on you and the rest of Congress to make America great despite Trump and his delusions.
How about single payer health care like every other developed nation. Get the money out of health care in America.
Are you actually saying you might work together to fix healthcare. Your ranting does nothing. It's about time
Dems Agenda= #Socialist = #childrenofthecorn =Follow the money & you'll see who's pushing the narrative #MAGA https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/887684112529723392 …
Do what is right for americans. The people you should be taking care of. Fix healthcare
Thank you so much for all of your hard work defending our human rights to adequate health care in America!
@SenWarren Its gonna collapse Pochy because the providers are loosing money. It's called Free Market Economics-but you libs don't get it.
Agreed! Before it's too late..The greedy corrupt GOP will NEVER stop trying to kill healthcare for ALL Americans!
"We the People" WILL prevail just as we did with the utterly soulless cretins in the GOP the past three failed attempts ...#NeverRepeal
Reduce the cost of aged medical procedures like MRIs which are 30 years old and getting more expensive not less.
Go Kate!
Will the Republican run government defund OC?  Is that how they'll get rid of it?  Why were only Republican Senators invited to WH for lunch
Just watched this video, you look like a loon, drunk on fake news.
It's time to change our priorities and adopt single payer. Even better if you can convince GOP it's their idea.
So which is it? Defend ACA or change it? You flip flop in 140 characters. Typical poor leadership. Check this out @EWErickson
You can't be this stupid oh wait thars right Pocahontas we  (the people) voted to end the unaffordable care act. #lovedonaldtrump
Progressive leaders promote progressive policy like #MedicareForAll. Why are you protecting the existence of the insurance industry instead?
Americans to @SenateMajLdr “You were warned. You were given an explanation. Nevertheless, you persisted,”  and we knocked you on your ass!
Keep your nose out of healthcare you have no business there you voted to keep yourself out of Obamacare who are you trying to kid Pocahontas
Ooooooh...so NOW you wanna play? Too bad Liawatha
Put a cap on the outrageous profits the insurance companies are making
WE CANT DEFEND THE ACA ITS TOO FUCKING HIGH WHY DONT YOU GET THIS. Insurance companies rule Congress & screw us. #Medicareforall
You can with public option addition. This will get us closer to Medicare for all. Baby steps.
Insurance companies rule us.It looks like they rule you too because the American people want Medicare4all.keep working for the insurance Liz
Hi-how-are-ya-hi-how-are-ya.  (In Indian dance voice of course)
I love you. You are the bomb!
Medicare for all.I like you but my rates doubled the year before the election.It's a losing argument 2 bless insurance companies screwing us
Expansion. 
The problem is trying to change minds in peoples heads that people are not commodities becuz one day that commodity will b u.
Once again try and follow - ACA has nothing to do with healthcare only health ins and you totally screwed that up.
This is what I'm talking about, Liz! Now sell the hell out of that idea to both the Dems and GOP! Persistence will win the day! Behind U
Simply put @SenWarren 
No we don't, we have to throw off this UNAFFORDABLE TERROR. Why do u Dems keep IGNORING THAT FACT? Why do u Dems KEEP LOSING ELECTIONS?
More gov't=less freedom. Liz wants more power to control the sheeple and the msm brainwashed willingly follow. Free stuff comes with a price
Give me the same as you get or get the government out of healthcare completely!
Maybe an early buy-in to Medicare should be an option on all ACA exchanges.
the dems screwed it up once that's enough
We need you & the rest of Congress to protect us from the greed & viciousness of conservatives who would sacrifice us for the bottom line.
It's time for Universal healthcare
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of this lying fraud.
fight fight fight, resist, resist,resist thats your mantra! what have you done about lowering prescription drugs in the past 8 years??
Why tax young healthy Americans?
You really need to get working on auto and life insurance next
I'm a successful physician who may go bankrupt because private insurers pay me much less than ACO physicians. I can't get a job with an ACO.
You were bashing both small and big changes for 6 months, you didn't even participate in negotiation!Both parties are in the same box!MAGA
Nearly all of ACA problems can be fixed by making Medicare available to problematic enrollee.
@Scoopexplainsit Big Pharma is the elephant which has always been in the room.
And an elephant that has made sure it owns Congress, too.
why they hv no plan after 8.5 y. It's always easy to keep saying no, but not so easy 2actually fix the behemoth.
A bipartisan effort to fix the health care act would go a long way.
If no repeal and replace I would be more amenable to GOP. Ppl lose it from co pays and deductibles. Caps or junk those.
Big changes to fix the train wreck
You need to sit down
Profits reaching 200 billion in Q2. Tell me, do you carry these stocks in your portfolio?
2- business after being unable to successfully manage the costs of uninsured Americans with greater-than-expected health needs.
1- UnitedHealth has been among the major insurers, including Aetna and Humana, that have scaled back or left entirely the ACA’s individual
What happened to "IF YOU LIKE YOUR DOCTOR, YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DOCTOR". You lied and people died.
No time like the present or better late then when under Hell  fire.
Let's ask the veterans how single payer works for them. You might also want to ask Mr. and Mrs. Gard.
U didn't care abt millions of us losing our Doc &can't pay prems/ded.Drop your Cadillac ins &go on O'care.maybe someone wl take u seriously
All I want to hear is "single-payer". The rest is noise. #SinglePayerNow #DNC #jimmydore #humanistreport
Keep moving those arms you'll fly away like Pelosi
Great Job Liz....You had so many opportunities to fix ACA during Obama's terms and you  didn't do a thing..You are just another hypocrite...
Sick of hard working people paying for lay snouts
You keep saying this. But you have not offered one specific idea or solution to the problem. I will never vote for you again.
Big Change: Single Payer Medicare for All. Now's the time to get it on the table.
And so it begins. You had no Inkling to work across the aisle but now you push for SP. The worst thing that could happen for our health.
You all have had ample time to fix this! We Americans are fed up with your circle talk and do-nothingness! You're all disgraceful!
Bobble head Warren..
Wrong
Retweeting your talk Senator sound common sense all Americans need to hear this. Debate is needed.
Let it collapse and go to the free market.
Judas Warren..Dem party line BS. She can't be trusted either.
I hope youre talking about supporting Sanders healthcare plan, if you don't support him 100% I will not vote you into anything in the future

YES~~~>>>> & THIS TIME, PLEASE INVOLVE THE @AmerMedicalAssn   They can Proportionately both >> Evaluate & Contribute...
Good one my amiable senator.I always luv ur action.
You and @NancyPelosi with you over dramatic hand waving.
Love Elizabeth Warren!  The only ones with "balls" these days seem to be the ones with ovaries!
Thank God for Senators like you. You are great and speak for all of us little folks.
Keep speaking out Elizabeth. This Independent voter really likes what she's hearing!
Where have you been for the last few years, Senator?  Why does it take the threat of change by the GOP to get the Democrats moving?
Healthcare will never improve with the govt in charge of it!  The govt damn near screws up everything it does. & @ twice the cost
Screw the ACA What a joke. You mean my 4k deductible and cant afford to go to DR.  Monthly premiums So high I cant get the groceries i need
I thank you for all your hard work,for everyone in our country. God bless you. 
Decaf Elizabeth.
She has to much baggage that people will remember! Not POTUS material because of he mouth!
Shiva Ayyadurai for Senate,  2018.
Improve it Liz! You ppl can't even agree on what day of the week it is! Wake up and help the American ppl!! Stop the bipartisan BS!
This granny talk lots 
48followervttoll she was born and resides in this country worry about your country bye bye

Gotcha mf'r
In Leaked Tape Mitch McConnell Admits The Koch Brothers Are Running The GOP http://www.politicususa.com/2014/08/27/leaked-audio-tape-mitch-mcconnell-admits-koch-brothers-running-republican-party.html …

Liz We need to get rid of it, minimize gov involvement. Not shove more money at the pile of Dem crude. New plan called "Not the Dems POS"
It's past time for Single Payer Medicare for All.
The ACA had an awful impact on my family. We were lied to about the ACA - dems need to admit this fact.  Stop defending the lie that was ACA
Warren for President 2020 no more bullsh-t from Washington. Truth will reign
I hope my Senator @RoyBlunt will work with you and the entire senate to #FixTheACA
It is unworkable and will implode. You and the @TheDemocrats will OWN the disaster.
Ms. Warren I disagree. Now is not the time to defend ACA. Now is the time to bring both sides together and put together a system that works
Repeal this, Health Maintenance Organization Act of 1973, then you might be able to get somewhere.
Like defending a dog !
A FLAMING dog!
