What is Trump's  justification for slashing funds to combat opiod crisis (a bane of red states)? 
Shortfall balanced by assigning Jared?
other president have hired there family.Being a hater you don't see it
Their. Name them-congress enacted US code to prevent this after JFK appointed RFK AG. And as for hate, yes, I hate treason & corruption.
But you voted for Hillary no doubt. Laughable hypocrisy.
How do you draw a link between 45 violating ethics laws and who I voted for? You Trumpflakes are some dumb mutherphuqers.
From Whitewater to private email server as Sec of State with plenty in between. Pretty easy. You liberal sheep are pathetic.
According to Ken Starr the Clintons broke no laws in the Whitewater nonsense-they lost money. As for emails she did nothing illegal. Fact.
Bill Clinton was disbarred, Hillary broke several federal laws by utilizing the private server and deleting. Comey chose not to prosecute.
Another lie. Trump has appointed Gov. Christie to head a task force addressing this problem!
You need to lay off the opioids, your hallucinations of being a.m. Indian is showing.
The opioid crisis has exploded on your watch with your 'solutions '. Maybe throwing more $ down that hole isn't the answer.
So, did you ever give the Cherokees the proof they asked for?
Relevance?
she said she was a Indian to get a job at a college
But still relevant to this story how?
Im against Trump in every way, but the Government has got to stop taking meds from those who need help for pain!  cant drop people hurting!!
None of us want to be in so much pain or need medication to even function through the day. But there are many of us who sadly do.Its scary!
I have high blood pressure. When do I get my meds for free?
Hopefully he is out of office before anything passes.
Lol
Get be hind these doctors the writing over subscription. take their license and lock up peopleTSP @SenWarren.
I Agree. But PLEASE don't allow the budget, in whatever form, cause chronic pain patients to lose the Sch II meds they So Desperately NEED!!
Your a big embaresment to this Country and the Senate, hope you go back to the reservation
Addiction knows no political party, no race, no sex, no religion. Addiction touches almost every family in some way.
...People CHOOSE to use/abuse. Simple as that.
No. Sorry. No. Nobody grows up wanting to become a drug addict.
...Eve, there will always be people who have a chemical desire to abuse pharmaceuticals. Don't excuse those who are selfish.
Biocorrx has a product days away from FDA approval that will be cheaper and more simple to fix the opioid crisis! #bicx
Let's cut you out!
Many voted solely on this issue because it is a crisis. This is a horrible budget for parents and family seeking help
If all the junkie's were to die tomorrow, would it be a big loss to anyone except the DNC?  They chose  to use drugs, not my problem to pay
When are democrats going to start fighting fire w fire? Tell America the Repugs are starting a war on the poor working and middle class
Is opiod crisis a problem for your tribe
STOP LYING TO THE COUNTRY.  You're another one that has no clue what their talking about. Everything you try to do is out of pure hate. Sick
btw, guess you don't know, but balancing a budget starts with not spending money you don't have.
It not a budget don't vote until you read the over lay and small print no benifets no subsidy just RC@ SenWarren
that is not true.It seems your lies are because of the deep hate towards our president.The people see thru you and are committed to vote no
The opioid crisis is  destroying individuals, families, and communities. And people do not know what to do. Please help in any way possible.
yes and it comes from the pharmacy.The president has pledged to fight this along with the other drugs like heroin that more people have died
We need to stop increasing the budget every year and abolishing  low success programs. We also need to fight the cost of these pills!  Bad!
Obama gave us 20 Trillion in debt. @realDonaldTrump wang to reduce the debt that you made!!
WE NEED to pursue real treatment. Please have your staff research naltrexone treatment. It could really make a difference. #BICX
Why are hard working Americans paying for someone else's drug addiction? Why don't you donate to their care personally?
Why is it that you won't take responsibility for the addicts struggling in your own state?Fed is securing the border, now you do your part.
If you would just fight as hard against the waste in these agencies, they wouldn't need as much. Fight for my tax dollars not just your base
California is with you.
First GOP ends regulations to allow financial crimes Now they for opioid addiction. When will this pro-criminal element be stopped?

Seth Rich Assassination Timeline. The Truth WILL suffice. #SethRich #Lockherup #KimDotCom #Wikileaks 
Pocahontas is trading far more than beads!!! http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/02/corruption-elizabeth-warren-set-one-unaccountable-agencies-u-s …
It's not been passed that's your job - what a bunch of whiny liberal snowflake crybabies.
So lucky 2 have u kickin ass & takin names 4 us, ev single day! Sending strength vibes from Salem MA! TY Senator! U got my 2020 vote 4 pres
Funding needs 2 be used wisely,monitored & accountable so Americans who pay taxes know where their $ goes.This program can be managed wisely

Why? Hilliary needs new "investment" in her "foundation"? Nah, her cover is blown--for good--
You have no credibility. You lied about being a Native American.
According to Hillary, Chardonnay helps.
No problems with that, right? Look at the stats especially related to Veteran problems/suicide.
Why would any sane person want democrats to control their tax $$ so they can do what THEY want with our $ For example...

Time to accept our president! How about spending your energy supporting who we voted in! I'm tired of your BS!
It's a shame the Dems got us in $20 TRILLION of debt. Otherwise, maybe we could spend more on this.
Apparently if you disagree with some people they say you are Russian....lol.
YOU, MY DEAR, ARE A FRAUD.YOUR PARTY IS A TRAITOR TO AMERICA & YOU USE THE TAXES OF AMERICAN WORKERS TO SUPPORT ILLEGALS..WE VOTED---NO MORE

In the first #100Days, @HHSGov disbursed $485 million in grants to all 50 states to expand access to treatment and fight #opioid addiction.
Presidential Executive Order Establishing the President’s Commission on Combating Drug Addiction & the Opioid Crisis https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/03/30/presidential-executive-order-establishing-presidents-commission …
You seem frantic. Pull yourself together.
It's not a final budget, but liberal hysteria is part of the Democratic playbook! #resist the alt-left #RESISTANCE
Fear monger.  Tell me are HRC and BHO above the law?  Heard you say nobody is when you were panicking at CAP.
The democrates think that spending more money (OUR money) solves everything. Government spending is out of control. #ThankYouTrump
Addicts will clean up when ready or cull themselves from the herd!
Your fake hugs won't help..neither should my taxes!
I need White House policy fast
you need to retire quick.
Keep fighting Senator Warren! You have my vote!
The only place this can be fought is at the polls. We must get out and vote. We must help those whom cannot get out VOTE
What are you crying about it a guideline ,so they hysteria
Bla bla bla I'm lying liz. I hate everything
He not even for the people that voted for him he support terrorist. like the saudiaArabia @SenWarren @SenSanders
All about the rich no benefiting. no one else break the country to fill his  pockets @SenWarren2020  @SenSanders
pool
Bunch of snowflakes who can't accept defeat. You can cry all you want, but @realDonaldTrump isn't going anywhere.
Poverty and despair are the sickness; addiction the symptom. The sooner we address disparity in wealth/opportunity the better.
You and your party has been the least transparent ever and now you complain of transparency of this administration. Be reasonable.
Go get 'em Liz!!!
Elizabeth engage in et alien disclosure you attended all those bilderberg meetings you know we are not alone in the universe
Hold physicians responsible for not providing dose reduction process to wean patients off meds?
Stop producing opiate-based prescription meds?
How about we stop punishing chronic pain patients for the deeds of addicts?  There is a rise in suicides in CPP. #PatientsNotAddicts
Could stop US military protection of Afghan poppy fields?
Senator Warren.  I back you 100%.  Thank you for sanity.
You know what mrs money bags give some of you money to the needy and stop screaming
Methinks it may or a revolution to kick it back in a good place.  Think of the 60's and remember what we fought for.  I remember it well.
Work with the President. Stop complaining. Solutions not criticism. Grownups please.
This is all about paying back the rulers of this World that create Wars for profit and control the supply of Money that is lend
Good! No more handouts! Americans need to be self reliant! Not waiting on you/gov to take care of them!
A pre recorded statement?  From you?  No way!  It's not like you at all to have statements scripted.  #phony #2018 #seeya
You are right dear
Keep undated, stay safe...
If you truly cared about the opioid crisis, you'd support the border wall. Fact is, you don't care about the people You care about votes! 
We dont need a border wall!
You're ignorant to the true danger.
Why do you care more about dopeheads then America.. oh wait ur a dem 
At some point, ur gonna have to own up to faking ur native american heritage for personal gain. If not, it will poison your POTUS ambitions.
This evil cannot stand!
Ms Warren I'm a Baptist  minister.I decide to fight back too.Trump won,you lost now put up and shut up. Your obstruction of justice must end
When are you people going to accept the fact that TRUMP handed Clinton a good old fashion beat down because the people are tired stupidity
Your full of S___t!!!!

I totally agree. This entire budget needs to be scrapped. Not one penny should be used for that idiotic wall. How about cutting waste first.
Just use E-verify that's been around for years. No wall needed.
It is not the proper role for the federal government to protect people from their own choices. Turn your #RBF towards something useful.
Yes We Can!
Maybe people should not take them. I took.them for pain and it hurt when I stopped. But guess what I stopped. Why do dems need Nannies?
Who told you he's you going to jail?
Me. Warren when does it ever end.? False hope in that the government will get me out if this instead of teaching to say no. Rise above it?
Sadly you have hope in that fictional outcome. They let you believe it's going to happen.  It's not.
Do you not get that people's addictions are over and over again costly to Americans who work super hard to be assets of society vs burdens?
ELIZABETH WARREN YOU HAVE DONE ZERO
I voted for you but did you vote to confirm Ben Carson?  If you did then I am asking you why?
You are my hero!!!!
If you witnessed the ravages of addiction on the addict & their loved ones,it is outragous.As bad as cancer or any other diseaseHelp
Work hard to convert some Senators to reality. This will be hard.  Find some common ground as small as it may be.
In case you weren't aware, the budget is the responsibility of Congress. Everyone expects you to obstruct whatever POTUS asks for.
And if you had not been so eager to squander funds the last 8 years you would not have to cry now.
Omission of the true is still a lie. Are they subtractions or lack of additions ? This is the only truthful explanation we want.
@realDonaldTrump you are a selfish condescending person that cannot see the end of your nose if you believe this is any kind of progress
Instead of whinning,go after the drug dealers Why should we spend our tax dollars on recovery just to slip again
You've got to get a life. At least tweet something other than Donald
Im all for u Warren, but the "opoid crisis" in most areas of the Country is the fact Drs r terrified to prescribe pain meds to those n pain!
Because what's been done for the last 8 years is working?
With any cuts, ppl aren't happy & the sky is falling. Our country is $21 trillion in debt & no matter where cuts are made it will be wrong.
What do your buddy Hillary would have done with the budget?  Expand money designated for her foundation?
He's cutting anything that helps Americans to live their life . . . ACA subsidies, education, national park funding, the EPA . . . sad!
Will kill children, the waters will rise, people dying in the streets, oh my!
Yes, the DEMS have got to start representing REAL people
Unfortunately, The Clown administration doesn't care about its citizens- especially their most vulnerable
That is a flat lie
How is the Opioid Crisis a federal problem. Shouldn't individual states be on the hook for this?  I don't get it
We have State and Local govts that can help
Which is just another lie he told voters!!!
Are you going to take the true Native American challenge for a DNA test #Shiva
Oh please !  Keep diggin!  the dollar that @realDonaldTrump is working for could go toward somebody's scratch off ticket! He is so greedy!
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting this!
Keep fighting Elizabeth! We support and love what your doing
Dear Elizabeth you have attended bilderberg meetings when do the elite think we are worthy of knowing the truth about eti - we are not alone
In the universes or galaxies and yourself and other leaders cowardice to address the issue to the masses is sad at this point ufos all seen
In the skies whistleblowers come forward regarding eti podesta emails reveals the Vatican know what will it take for you leaders to
Inform the masses of the truth or do we just wait for another mass ufo sighting like phoniex lights or turkey mass sighting witnessed by
Millions - eventually Elizabeth humanity needs leaders who will engage in et alien disclosure in 2017
Why are any policies for a treasonous corrupt president being acted on?
Stop the drama we see through your lies
He is a selfish, unthinking, heartless scum and should not be in office!!
Don't give up.  Rural America is suffering under this plague.  Change the laws.  Stop the Rx of these deadly drugs.
