On #OneBostonDay, Boston asks everyone to participate in acts of kindness & service. Join us & learn more at http://onebostonday.org .
What your ignoring is what Real Americans want and it's not what  your pushing! 2018  Is fast approaching!
Don't speak for all Americans thank you.
When I speak I speak for myself at least I'm saying something! What do you do bend over?
You said real Americans did you not?
Yes I say Real Americans! And that doesn't include you and others like you who seem to have trouble taking off their Clinton Clown suits!
I like the assumption that I'm a Clinton supporter. Don't worry about what I'm doing, all I'm saying is don't talk about "real" Americans.
NOW TRY TO STOP ME AGAIN YOU CLINTON CLOWN!
Another trump child. You're a poor excuse of a "real" American. Act like a grown up would you? While you're at it shave the mustache please
I'll never forget seeing an entire American city hide like cowards on lockdown because of a single wounded teenager.
Then people actually applauded them for it. Despicable.
Glad to hear there are a few decent Americans in Massachusetts. Maybe get Schilling elected?
No, both parties are owned by the same corporations. Different sides of the same coin. Repubs agree with these tactics as well.
Focus on the positive, what can we do, not about what others are doing or not doing, focus on the you, and the solutions.
Are you Lo Pan in hiding? If you are, you better give my truck back or I'll call @SFPD! Come on Lo Pan, no more hiding! #givememytruckback
Help! #Trump has turned over bombing responsibility to the military. They are always looking for confrontation = job security!
Trump fresh air after 8 yrs of backing down God bless our military. Have you served ? Only 7% serve so 93% can hide
What did you do?
Thank you Senator Warren for being a role model of integrity always standing up for your people
Role model? Lying about being a native American, because she has high cheek bones to get into Harvard? Yeah..that's something to work for.
Hypocritical much?
Warren pretends to care about the people yet she endorsed the corrupt corporate owned war hawk over bernie sanders. We are voting you out.
Don't let Bernie keep you from running. If Hillary would have picked you for V.P. She would have won. The two of you were electric together!
No they wouldnt. They are cut from the same cloth and the outcome would of been the same.
Lizzie.. to ask that question makes me think you support ISIS.
Instead of you all bitching about her personally, why don't you just focus on the actual message of the event. Big angry babies.
If there is anyone out there that ever contact this person live maybe inform her how intensely disliked she is by the majority of America
Acts of kindness come from the heart and R not forced.
Speaking out of both sides of your mouth. You called 62,000,000 racist. Skin color had ZIP to do with crooked HILLARY loss. #ass
Massachusetts wake up Elizabeth Warren is not only a FAKE person she's a liar as well! This is not the right Senator for us in 2018!!
Maybe u should practice what u preach.
The last time I saw Elizabeth Warren on  MSNBC.  that FAKE NEWS MEDIA ANSWERING A QUESTION LOOKING LIKE SHE WAS HIGH ON CRACK COCAINE!!
Practice what you preach is something Elizabeth Warren can't don't because she is FAKE AND A LIAR!
I'm one mass resident who is voting against you!! Because Elisabeth Warren you are Fake you don't belong being Senator for Massachusetts!
You are fake news Elizabeth Warren! I am one of those you falsely accuse of racism because I voted for Trump!
Your the kind that is the problem u just stir the pot what u and ur minors r doing is so horrible for our country
Prez is racist now. Ppl like u and ur friend chuck r destroying this country.  Still trying to figure out how u r a senator. Ur insane!
My dad had an all black boy Scott Troup we fought for civil rights u don't know the people u talk about where have u been living
Who lived among Black people my whole life
U r so so offensive to me. I listened to u last night how dare u call me a rasist. I am a 63 yr old
Do what you preach.  Trump voters are NOT. Racist.  Are you?
Practice what you preach, you're a fraud...
Practice what you preach Poverty Pimp!
I find those who call others racists, deplorables, etc are the biggest of all.  Your glass house shows your naked bigotry & racism.
WARREN knows nothing about kindness & serves only her evil self! WARREN is a liar & you need to get the hell out if america! Anti-American!
Can I volunteer down at the local hogan or sweat lodge?
from KINDNESS
by Barrie Gellis

kindness is the foundation
kindness is the earth

kindness has never been tried
from birth to death to birth
YOU actually telling folks to display "Acts of Kindness"? Wait...YOU?!!!! Lady, have you been listening to your own hateful self?! Wow!
THE BEST ACT OF KINDNESS YOU CAN GIVE THIS COUNTRY IS TO SHUT UP!!!!

Some people STILL don't believe your mom's family is part Cherokee so please prove it to them. Thanks for working for mid.class!!
Can you please run for President? 
Saw you on Rachel tonight - thank you, and keep fighting the good fight. We need you desperately.
You were AWESOME on @maddow. You made me cry talking about the women's march & the lil girl's sign saying "I fight like a girl."
We moderate Dems hate Bernie. He is way too egotistical. He threw his wife behind him because he wanted to bask in the glory of his children
Heard you on Fallon. You think Trump is dropping too many bombs but you had no concern when Hillary refused to respond to Benghazi's staff.
Warren, you are a hypocrite, an inciter, a purveyor of lies and slander. Take your own advice.
Warren trays to act normal just can't get it done, crazy Pocahanas
CHECK THIS OUT... WHAT THE HELL... REX TILLERSON GETTING REWARDS FROM RUSSIA?
Please prohibit the use of bit coin.The bit coin becomes the basic currency！Countries will be revoked their currency issue rights.Everyslave
Profit from deflation minutes.
It must be printed on the local currency.Use it.
The actual good inflation!
Economic alliance of the new century before becoming a slave!
Bravo Elizabeth today on the view 
So I see you on Jimmy Fallon. Bitching how bad things are. Do you don't understand you have been in charge for the last 8 years?
Your a fool
You need to brush up on kindness for yourself.  Maybe your first kindness;service to your country is to show a little appreciation to Trump.
Luke, that's how Democrats create jobs.  Set up dysfunctional depts, then pay outrageous salaries to man them
Why did Perez select Independent Bernie for tour? Why not select one these women @SenWarren, @MaxineWaters, @RepBarbaraLee @SenKamalaHarris

Sure thing Pocahontas!
Didn't your Papi tell you there comes a time after people know u r a flat out liar & cheater & you should just quit?! #Pocahontas
Are these eyebrows tattooed ?? Where did you real ones go?
Funny ur asking for acts of kindness with so much hate on you plate
why don't you take that $400,000 check and share with the people of Boston.
To work for the American people stop the hate! Stop hating Trump! Saw you on Today show. Let go of the hate and work with potus.
Greta is the #1 anchor at Fox.
#SusanRiceUnmasked
or like health care you propose one thing for us and get something much different (better) for you?
. A little civility from you would be nice.  Be an example and say something good about the president
We all know "THE STING/CON" behind Syria. What's behind North Korea? - "Try to impeach me then a Nuclear War"
you POCAHONTAS are incapable! You need to resign--your hatred for our president clouds your vision and puts America at risk!
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @pharris830 #Veterans Piss off Trump & NRA TeaParty Little Hands Gang: Smile/Be Kind https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ek5Fx6a2gYc …
Start an act of kindness with you shutting up about Trump
No Happy Easter message from you? Shocking
So love this & @SenWarren Thank you @InSpiteOfTrump for sharing & wishing @CityOfBoston & #TheResistance & #resist endless acts of kindness
What's the difference between you and Hillary Clinton nothing you both killed a lot of people
That Includes yoU too, Right? Practice what yoU Preach!
You have suddenly become a tout Elizabeth Warren, asking people to go to the street to protest what's not significant, whats not required.
Pocahontas:  Dances with Democrats
Bet you're feeling proud right now of your riot. What did any of this stuff prove? Get a life.
Could you contact me regarding a veteran in need of assistance. As soon as possible. Thanks
Sen Warren do an act of kindness for Boston and resign from office now. You are a total embarrassment to the city and state.
Why didn't you endorse Bernie before Massachusetts' primary lol
Does that include you, being kinder to your president!
Hypocrite @senwarren is for open borders, illegals, unvetted refugees and sanctuary cities. These are the folks who come here & bomb us.
Why don't you practice what you preach regarding our president?
May be trying to be nice? A first.
Then please lead by not being so hateful to @POTUS !
Warren wants more refugees to come here like the Boston Bombers. No thanks.
Hypocrite
Thank you for promoting events like this! This is the type of balanced leadership we need!
@SenWarren nobody cares what you have to say. Keep fighting wampanoag
Is it true that you are actually a white person and not Native american? If it is I will be very dissapointed.
What is your nationality? My ex has native american blood. So my children do also, daughter is blond and son is red head. So shut up.
Your tongue is a double edged sword, you speak of remberence while protecting those who intend to do us more harm. Resign now please.
How about you go away...That would be the best act of kindness you could give Massachusetts.
This year, OneBostonDay falls on the Easter weekend. It's also "THE" weekend for many other Religious Holy Days. We can all pray for peace
I'm so proud to be a "born & raised in Boston (Charlestown) I hope that folks who learn about us will try our formula. You'll love it.
#OneBostonDay to remember the good, so YOU should please stay away as we are not remembering the liars! #fauxahontas
You are a more-on!!! Stop it with your #propaganda #fakenews #lies #distortion #bias #doublestandard #hypocrisy #fakesmart
For kindness, why not quit being a misogynist and pay women what you pay men.
Or explain why you don't. If you can.
The ultimate act of kindness from @SenWarren wound be to step down, find a safe place with all the other snow flakes and stay there!
Another sheep bleets...
Why don't we all join hands and sing a James Taylor song!
U sen are the worst example of kindness! Please find a moral compass
I just saw that. She has no clue why we would bomb ISIS. Gotta be the dumbest woman on earth. No wonder they've been allowed to grow
no, I think she is second to pelosi in stupidly!
I stand corrected. 
Elizabeth Warren answers a question no one has really asked
Alright so now we need a reason to be nice to people? This should be an everyday thing not once a year 
what's the overall reason in bombing ISIS, really?  To eliminate them, you donkey!
Where's the outrage from our Democratic Party about EVERYTHING! What you haven't learned is that when GOP is on vacation, you pound them.
I agree, dems have become the ball-less party. That is why I am a progressive.
One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Church The TRUTH
Ma.. vote this liar out. Join real america.. these types are history. The people have awaken.
Dishonest and hypocritical of you to have made such request! Acts of kindness also entails not  denigrating and speaking ill of others!!!!
Would you be so kind as to leave office?
Will do and I really hope you run for president in 2020
Huh?
@POTUS launching MOAB.  He is doing his job to keep us safe.
Practice that everyday. Make the world beautiful.  Buddhism!!
U know you're on vacay but we might have nuclear war soon...help?
should we go kill some babies Elizabeth??
It's a woman's body!!  How dare you!!!!!  
You're actually going to be involved w/your constituents tomorrow, and not firing off "fire tweets" at the man whose office you aspire to?
are gone
That was a sad for Boston.what might help the pain, 2018 is near so you & healey
Kindness? Does that extend to your treatment of this nation's president?
Why don't you give it a try, a little civility from you would be refreshing  We all benefit from showing kindness Be a role model
That's not going to happen with this sycophant delusional narcissistic self-important obscenely wealthy lying conniving career hypocrite nut
