if they choose to be on opiods,  then they can figure out there own way off them
You people have zero empathy for your fellow man.  Opioids are prescribed by doctors everyday.
yeah they are, but whos forcing ppl to take them? But the tax payers are expected to help them rehab?
Doctors are prescribing them for pain what other alternative do people have? You have zero empathy.
there are plenty of pain killers that aren't addictive. They chose
such as?  Most doctors prescribe addictive opioids for simple pain relief it's a nationwide epidemic
a simple Tylenol 3 is an effective pain killers,  and not addictive
not for patients on chemotherapy surely you're not that stupid
Oh please! Same old story from the left- Repubs don't care. More #fakenews We are in the worst opioid & mental hlth crisis ever!
So there's not an opioid and mental health crisis plaguing Americans? Neither side, nor obamacare, has helped to fix the issue.
I'm sorry I think I might have replied to the wrong person.  Yes I totally agree with what you said.
No worries. Take care.
most Republicans don't give a damn about hurting ppl they consider "undeserving" like the poor, addicts, elderly
That's a very general, harsh statement! That's how they WANT you to see us!
Look at all the harsh statements you have r/t by ACoulter!  Tells me a lot!
If I can choose btwn @AnnCoulter or any female left, I'd pick Ann all day! Warren, Pelosi, & Clinton are not role models!
why should tax payers pay for people who choose to abuse medicine or illegal drugs. We don't need  government as our guardians
Perhaps you could join them? We'd be most appreciative...
Another lie.
Prove she is lying...waiting...
read the bill you will find that all treatments will still be available through the insurance companies.
I take opioids exactly what it says on the bottle. I have had 0 trouble with them. People choose to take more than prescribed
people die everyday bad individual choices come with consequences think can't protect stupid
little different when they die cause of lack of adequate healthcare or funds. Not talking abt "junkies". Workingpoor
Has Trump not been saying he wants full rehab services? Um yes he has!
Stop with the idle BS threats Your wolf crying is hackneyed.We don't believe you....hahaha
and let's talk about Obamacare premiums going through the roof. How about LIED about being able to keep your doctor..& more. STFU
Nobody will die lady.  Complete made up lies.  Why do you hate America so much?
I lost my doctor, my insurance company, and premiums skyrocketed under your Obamacare. Where were you then???
Every hypothetical scenario from liberals entails people dying. Or maybe-they get jobs-with health plans that cover such? Nvrmd
then please tell your voting base to get off the heroin.
4 MILLION Opiod pills were sent to a town of 400 people in WVA. Big Pharma - greed. MSNBC @chrislhayes excellent show. Sick Plan.
guess AmerisourceBergen & distributor's $32M pill mill hush settlement wasn't enough after all.
I will lose affordable health care. I can't afford Trump care. #smh
By affordable, you mean someone else is paying for it...?
do you think this will further the use of our opioids? Coming from Ohio, I understand the crisis we're in right now.
I don't agree that we're in an opioids "crisis." There is a crisis of care. Too many live without it.
by that, I mean they've no other way to deal with pain as things are too expensive.
the #ACA should be fixed and become single payer, not scrapped and replaced by something worse.
UK has healthcare for all.  Biggest perk in UK Is health insurance.  Why? #DumpACA
why would you want to get rid of the #ACA, and why compare US health to U.K.? Are you sane?
the end game is singal payer socialized medicine...  have you ever seen it up close?
yes. And it works where it is employed. Do you have citations for how that is an bad thing?
123 die daily due to denied claims. #HR676 #SinglePayer Healthcare Bill is waiting for you to save 123 daily.
This is terrorism @SenWarren. You are threatening helpless people with their lives. Shame on you.
Elizabeth Warren is concerned about the American People. 
People shouldn't become addicted to opioids then. Problem solved!
You are a national treasure Elizabeth Warren!
Get some new material.
That's so 2012.
Pocahontas there R more ppl in this Country than Dem core voters, spare me please! Oklahoma foreclosures remember
7min 41 sec of you speaking to an EMPTY HALL.  None of your fellow #senators care one bit about what you say.  LOL. #MAGA
the wall and deport #immigrants committing drug felonies go along way to avoid #opiate addiction. Avoidance better than treatment
Why did the people believe Trump.?
As if the Republicans care whether people die because of their actions. They've shown their colors.
the heroin will flood the streets and the bad hombre's  will be our own,
Thank you, Sen. Warren, but they don't care.
do you have any personal knowledge of the opioids crisis or is another bandwagon you're jumping on?  Must be exhausting.
I wonder if any of the republicans have a heart. Make them take Trumpcare for their family's health insurance!
Step out of the way of self-destructive people. Its called natural selection.
sounds like your kind of fear mongering bs. You forget you have a reputation as a liar, Lizzie.
I thought @realdonaldTrump ran on insurance for all and help for opioid addicts?  Why all the lies? #Machiavellian?
because they can....it's their hobby.
I hate this more every day!  I am sick about what is happening to elderly, low income and fixed income people!
. There are so many ways people will die because of him.
As if any GOP mumzer cares about anything but his/her own enrichment.
more doom and gloom from the left, grow up and get real facts. Get new ideas! How many seats the dems lost n 8 yrs?
You're making a dangerous assumption: that they CARE people will die. Sadly, they subscribe to the vilest social darwinism!
what on earth are you talking about?  Where did you hear such garbage?
.@SenWarren They don't care if people die.  #RxForDisaster  #NotInsurance4All.
This is about #smokescreen  #diversions  #russiatrump
People will also die as resulted of criminal activity by desperate addicts #impeachtrump
you look so much like a #clown it's comical.
Why are the American ppl responsible for other people's personal problems/addictions?
Thank u, Sen. Addicts aren't rich, @realDonaldTrump but they can be amazing people when in recovery. #TrumpcareFail
thank you for your support w/ addiction recovery. I too love someone who has suffered from this dreadful disease. Great work. 
I agree this is crazy
- I think that is their entire plan - killing the sick, old and poor is less expensive- Immoral Yes... But the GOP isn't moral.
AGAIN what opioid recovery services. Look NH MASS, worse epidemic under Obama ACA did nothing to help. Stop the lies.
@potus pochahantas do you know how many have died because they couldn't afford HI under ACA........right, I didn't think so.
4 billion for Defense? We are going to leave 14m people uninsured.  Who do we need to be defended from?
Senator people are overdosing and dying from opioids in large numbers in northeast Ohio. That's where money should go
People don't die with ObamaCare? People die because they are sick NOT because who is the president.
@Kris_Sacrebleu @zeitgeistbabe @pharris830 #Veterans 99% Responds to NRA TeaParty & TRUMP Daily BS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1FbRNIM8SI …
Stop w the faux hysteria. Even if it were most perfect healthcare bill EVER, you'd vote No simply bc you hate Trump #DemHypocrisy
I'm thinking that's what 45&his  pit want,so they can "restore"their white supremacist roots
I would think that other services are about to support this at the state and local level with out further federal funding.
my daughter has OBAMACARE and she has horrible care I've ecoetiened first hand poor quality drs and care don't tell me about that
Thats the problem-you're always TELLING, never hearing Pocahontas!
I run a Suboxone clinic in MS. Most don't qualify for Medicaid and have to pay $400-600 just for meds. Need better not worse ACA
This senate doesn't care about recovery services!  Follow the money!  The opioid crisis was created by big pharma and the govt
if I may, “people will die” doesn’t seem to resonate. Concrete examples of how “your portfolio will suffer” just might
they also lose easy access to opioids so there's that...
To be fair, ppl already are dying from the opioid epidemic. Read "Dreamland" by Sam Quinones...very insightful.
does it still cover viagra for men?
Yes people die who use illegal drugs....Darwinism

Huntington Wva 1100 overdoses last year.
As if you care! Shut up comrade Warren.
unfortunately if you stuff that needle in your arm enough times your gonna die it starts in the home and at the doctors office
@Betterw05759703 @YouTube CHAFFETZ COMEY ELAINE CHAO FLYNN KELLYANN HUSBAND JARED,  BANNON,  ALL IN PRISON FOR TREASON
@Betterw05759703 @YouTube STOP ALL DEPORTATIONS ICE RAIDS ARRESTS WALL ILLEGITIMATE PENCE CABINET GOP RYAN MCCONNELL RUBIO
Using CIA, CDC, CBO and Harvard research, #AHCA will cause 45,920 Americans to die from losing health insurance. EACH YEAR
We have an opiod epidemic and the R's don't care. 2 many deaths everyday, 2 many broken families.Quit lying Trump.
where on earth do you get your facts?  He's trying to stop the flow of drugs INTO this country not deny care
If controlling the supply of drugs was the goal, he'd be going after #BigPharma. People are turning to imported
Did anyone on GOP care...???
And because of our healthcare system these people got hooked on them
that's the point. People dying. Even a blind person can see that. Your pleas fall on deaf ears #resist
That's what they want. A "Spartan" society. Strong salves to work and breed. Deplorables who watch out for themselves.
there's a problem with working?
Of course not but you shouldn't be sentenced to death because you can't. Elderly paid already in. # Morales
. @SenWarren could they be held accountable for manslaughter?
Trump doesn't want it to be called #Trumpcare...#Trumpcare...#Trumpcare
No if your OBAMACARE plan stays, NO one will have healthcare and we the people will be led by you the fascist.
@conniewhitehome Let me guess: the Republicans said "Yes. That's the goal."
Unfortunately the truth is democrats and republicans care very little about the citizens of the United States they care about their donors.
Thank you
Senator, they don't care.  All the facts and rational debate withstanding, they simply don't care is the poor die.
Republicans don't care if people die.
please continue to fight for this. It's critical.

you liberals are to blame for drug abuse,push to legalize drugs,glorify use in movies,anything goes until you die from addiction
Republicans don't care about people they care about money.
maybe that's the point of the bill, killing people
headline: Elizabeth Warren issues death threats if she doesn't get her way..
Nobody listens to you in congress. Your the losing party, remember?  Keep sprinting left though.
people die on the streets smoking meth with Obamacare. Did you tell them that as well?
Maybe just cut off access to the damn opioids.
Absolutely false.
They do not care
And to think Trump blathered about caring and helping  addicts when he campaigned in the northeast.
I'm certain that the 1% and their minions in Congress want Trumpcare to be a great step forward for a new eugenics movement.
like Margaret Sanger's anti-black eugenics movement called Planned Parenthood.
They only care about tax cut for the rich & the deaths of the poor so they can claim money saved & "choices". They do NOT care!
facts?
Let's make ins co's fix ACA.  If you want to do business in a state you have to participate in the exchange.
thank you for your persistence & fight! #TrumpcareFAIL
Now Is like to see you prove this.
problem is GOP don't care
Were they dying before Obamacare?
Treatment and benefits are already sorely lacking ... more cuts will destroy it and people...
you'll just switch to crack
did they remind you that ur a hypocrite & voted against the last bill that helps in the fight against addiction?
how is it worse? People are dying now.
The entire family is impacted
you probably excited the @GOP even more. Getting rid of those dirty poor people.
and you have personal knowledge of growing up poor?  I do and I'm a proud Republican & you are ignorant
aren't you cute. talking to people like you know them. No one was addressing you. Stay off my Twitter.
If Obama was in TRUMP'S place there would already be IMPEACHMENT hearings. What gives? Sessions Lied.
I know you meant well, but Republicans only care about lining their pockets with tax savings & program cuts 4 the
Poor
I'm a Republican and I'd love to hear more as well as the source if your information.
When all the junkies are dead the GOP will claim they've solved the opioid epidemic. It's all about the  with the
GOP.
that's why Obama$ got that $book$deal$ and M$ Clinton took the pathetic "$he per$i$ted" to the bank?
Many of these so-called "Conservatives" are taking their cues from the Ayn Rand playbook. Their views on healthcare mimic hers.
Sadly, Big Pharma matters more to many legislators thant what's left of the middle class.
They'll probably be more determined to pass it now because it'll do just that, get rid of junkies. When they're all...
"Conservatives" could NOT care less about this issue. They reject ANY Gov. involvement, unless their own homes are on fire.
The Republicans are A Bunch of pseudo Christian HYPOCRITS. They don't care about junkies. They're only concern is 
When GOP legislation will kill USA Citizens GOP are Mass Murdrders &  Traitors to Your Government, USA Constitution & USA Citizens!!!
Please continue to fight out fight! Thank you!
What percent of people on opioids have we got off of the pain killers.  We seem to think if they don't want to get off it is OK
Guess we can raise taxes
and the states with the highest addiction rates are those that voted for Trump.
well he does not care about that. But can you not unite the Democrats and get a couple of GOPs to stop this mad man?
Spotlighting the opioid portion of loosing mental healthcare provides an easy target 4 cynical people. Hard 2 blame mentally ill
Correction: More ppl will die. More ppl died from opiod overdose in 2015 than car accidents and AIDS/HIV combined!!
GOP wants Trumpcare 2 pass. It's best way 2 decrease the surplus population. That way there is more money for rich & POTUS too
Sen Warren, news flash.  People ARE dying right now in your state.  What have YOU done to help stop this epidemic in MA?
This is truly a DEATH Panel.
It's more like #DontCare  Don't Care Act if you're not rich we don't care live with it. #DCA
.@SenWarren If u can make a statement about #Trumpcare again, name the specific opioids that ACA helps 2recover from. Warn of higher crime.
go back to your tribe they need you there.
- Many will die. Too many just because they are stupid. I did it myself. I won't again.
no they won't.
this coming from someone who lies about her heritage to go to school for free. Yep you can be trusted
no mental health care, premiums increased, pre-existing conditions not covered. It's a hot mess.
premiums have already increased and are going higher.
MORE people will die.
The GOP does not care. So obvious with the lies they're pushing about #Trumpcare which will screw people.
Tell them you want to borrow another trillion dollars this year or raise taxes.  That is your choice
keep talking in 4 years more seats lost by the left can't wait
Let Obamacare completely fail then you will have nothing at all.
I've been doing nothing but speaking out. If u think angry family members of mentally ill don't vote you're wrong. Address it!
people will lose access to ALL MH services across the board!
And that, Sen. Warren, is not fake news. True, true, true.
trump care will never happen GOP are scared to lose seats
I love ACA and you to senator Warren
please keep a body count.
Because we don’t already have an opioid problem in the world as it is?
Yeah, but it'll kill "all the right people," as far as GOP is concerned. The poor and nonwhites. @SenWarren @YouTube #DesigningWomen
Plenty of whites with bipolar, schizophrenia, and autism who'll have no mental healthcare either.
do you think he cares? If he cared, he wouldn't do what he is doing. He would not #RepealAndReplace. He would #repair
Okay Poco Chicken Little
Those with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, and autism have NO access to Care or way to pay for medications. PLEASE address this!
that's what they r counting on
NEWS FLASH!! PEOPLE DIE! IT'S UNHEARD OF! OH THE HUMANITY!!
Sadly, they just don't care
You should really get off twitter
Most cancer pts can't afford chemotherapy and scans out of pocket. Also a death sentence.
Conservatives are about profit and shame - profiting off ppl that they shame
dying is a reality just like government screwing up everything it "helps" with
Deport the #Obama #illegals in #MA selling opioids. PROBLEM SOLVED. #FakeIndian #Trumpcare #Trump #GOP #BUildTheWall #MuslimBan
exactly my husband is on it. We have a special needs son.  It's very hard to see how my husband has changed being on it
thanks to the MDs he has been on it for herniated discs in his neck.
seems like if we protect the boarder the opioids wouldn't be flowing in from Mexico. Wake up Pocahontas
.@SenWarren seems like a perfect time for you to start abusing opioids.
STOP SCARING PPL!
it's ok. Sessions will see them off to private prisons where they will get the best of..oh wait
