And I should not be forced under threat from the govt to pay for it.
Well, it's relief to know that when YOU or your family get ill, you will pay the ENTIRE BILL out of your own pocket! We will be watching!
While you are getting your entitlement check, sounds about right
U sound like some1 who learns by doing...u need 2 hv slow growing metastatic prostrate cancer w/ a mortgage & dependents.
I learn by experience and reality. No matter my circumstances, I do not look the govt to take prop. from society to cover my wants or needs
So can we deduce that if you "Do Not Take", you also "Do Not Give"?  IMO this appears like animal kingdom behavior. Survival of the Fittest!
Your ignorance deduct what you want. I give plenty in charity just not under the force of the government other than what's authorized
My ignorance? Your grammar is atrocious. Hurts my eyes. 
How about you decide to take your money and pay for her. Go ahead write a check and cover he healthcare. You are so pathetic.
The plight of the many is more important that the plight of the individual. Stop with the cherry picking of singular circumstances
There are literally many of the exact same circumstances. 
Would u like to be the individual or the many? Why can't we cover all? We can.
yea you just can't call it health care. It's the bureaucracy that causes all the issues . And can't pick one case
Bureaucracy causing what issues? I see greed causing issues. Maybe u see the same? Not profit over people, other way around.
The government will sadly run it all. Care will suffer and provider won't get paid. We will end up with 3rd world care
That's opinionated & telling the future is a shot in the dark at best. Tell me, why has it been successful in other countries?
It hasn't been successful in other countries. Its a 12-24 week wait in the U.K. For a knee replacement
So wait time = not successful in your opinion? I would place quality of care & success of procedure first, but that's me.
This is one of the reasons I'm happy to be European. 5 years ago I had breast cancer too and the whole treatment was free
Not free!..other peoples taxes paid for it..nothing is free!
Every month a little sum is taken off the tax payers' wages so everyone is entitled to have healthcare even if unemployed
This country to big for single payer besides the fact it dont work.
It will if everyone pays. The size of a country doesn't have nothing to do with a healthcare system.
Once a certian age no more care..months to wait.
If works so well why canadians come here for surgeries,cancer treatment,other major issues
Months to wait when you're old?! Where? And why lots of Americans are asking for Canadian citizenship? And why Italian NHS is 2nd best?
And not many americans kicking down canads doors to get in.
Fact is canadians come here for major illness care as well as from england etc
I've had to sell everything including home to pay medical bills,  even with health insurance. Out of control price gouging is the problem
We need a Single Payer Health System , it works for the Military and they rotate all over the USA
How come you only make videos of white people?
Give us a break cutting Medicaid is for the people taking advantage of it and can work YOU probably have your relatives on it
Not to worry, it won't belong before Trump signs an executive order banning bankruptcy for the poor.
Yes!! We need to keep the health care plan & improve upon it!!
Why did obama say no to the cure for cancer ??? They have a cure and u elite refuse it
Give me a break.  Obozo care is done. Live with it
Give us a break with your lies..You dont want OC repealed so you can get single payer.
Anyone with a brain knows single payer dont work!!
It is very difficult to be a nurse & work w/in a greedy capitalist system that denies care to patients! Patients NOT Clients!
I agree with you @namiillinois
Just imagine how hard it has been for people paying for insurance that are struggling...just to have their rates skyrocket thanks to Ocare.
Then why the f are you suggesting a single insurer proposal?So we can all feel like Charlie Gard's parents.Obamacare never should of existed
Feel sorry for Jenny, but she's not the tax payers responsibility. Sounds cold, but,  but it's reality.
Yes under Obama Care she would have 10 to 20 thousand $ deductible
Total BS nonsense. 'As if' obamacare has done anything but destroy our health care system, bankrupt families and business, restrict access
#ProtectOurCare
Take her to the res and the medicine man perhaps he can help.
Keep it up font waver, we need yp u
Then why not be a big shot ance give her some of yuppie money
where does it fit into Obamacare?  hypocrites all of u. U people have insurance people like us can never dream of, over paid and awful
I have a another person who lost her husband she couldn't afford the premiums.It bankrupt her.Doesn't her husbands life matter
Americans should not have to plead for healthcare. Same coverage for all including Congress.
This new healthcare bill doesn't effect her. I am senior & I have the same conditions she is, I am not afraid & I hope she doesn't believe U
Very cute family.
And old people she not die because government decides who should live.
Tax payers pay over $90mil year for ur useless "Consumer Financial Protection Bureau". Gvmt employees making over $100yr, come on u fraud.
As a taxpayer&citizen instead of compliaing ,why not publically offer ur willingness 2 work with POTUS .PUT US FIRST & PUT POLITICS ASIDE.

I totally agree. Hopefully more people start to realize this.
Helping our fellow friends is better

Sickening & bankrupting Americans like he did his companies to give rich tax break is failure of duty to office & nation
Push for REVISION of Affordable Care Act not REPEAL. Call it the McConnell Health Care Act just DO THE RIGHT THING.
Wrong... cancer medications and treatment should not cost more than a house. The problem is cost of care, not insurance
How much did you donate to help her from bankruptcy.
Sen. Warren, are you enrolled in ACA???? Until y pi are, you have no clue. Once a lier always a lier.
please get a dna so the disbelievers will know that that you are part native american
My mom went bankrupt twice, once for her medical bills and once for her late husband's medical bills 15 years later. The system is fucked
Go rescue her. Why are you tweeting? Do something.
What the hell are you talking about No one is suggesting to change medicaid.
God bless her and you.
Why? Many face bankruptcy trying to afford health care as it stands today
No body should but breast cancer is worse than bankruptcy
Republicans:  Attention! Listen to this woman.
Do what are you doing to help her? Don't just talk but do something good for a change.
We're not here in ThisLife care about and help others in an efficient or effective manner!It's aboutProfitOfTheFewAlone!Don't yu know tnat?!
Why don't u come up with a solution and do your job instead of keeping the pot stirred
Thank you for your support.
Hey Fauxcahontis, take the "23andMe" test.
We need to get the bad parts out of it,chip,get our drugs out of gov diluting,keeping me sick with these cheap pills,high premiums,keep rest
Don't understand why not follow what works. In France, life at risk ? Everything is paid for. 7 billion in debts, 65M people. Not bad !
In the USA lowering cost of what is life-saving is govt meddling / abject, for us in Europe that is just common sense / respect.
what about all the middle class that lost ins. Thanks to obama what about us
Our past, future, current... Let's protect them all!!!  
doesn't her husband have her on his ins.
Warren is a monster. No class. #MAGA
Congress should start regulating hospitals obscene billing practices when they contract payment of 5% of charges from insurance companies.
Why don't you pay for it Lizzy?

Shows how much you really care!
Why don't you wait and see what is in the bill instead of fear mongering?
I have been battling the wolves since Obama - 3rd has nuetropenia, arthritis and seizures Has nothing 2 do w/Trump but Ins. CEOs greed
Exactly
Then work on healthcare COSTS!  Not insurance coverage. It is what we are charged by pharmacy-medical empires that make us poor.
Medicaid saved my life
That's why you buy health insurance or work,for,a,company that,provides it.
Geeez... and what's Jenny going to do when Obamacare collapses in her state and then there's ZERO coverage? Or you forgot about that detail
My healthcare now I can't use because of the high 16k deductible. Doc visit 107 out of pocket. Drugs are cheap however pretty ironic.
Const 65 is just another fanatical Frump lover, that wants tax cuts, but screw everybody else!
Medicare and Medicare is not being cut it actually will increase over the next 10 year Warren is a  fraud and need to be jailed
The preamble of the constitution is clear about healthcare being a right under "General Welfare and Domestic Tranquility" law 101 -
Jenny is a human being, which is why we should help her. Maybe there needs more collaboration with those with heart.
Then all of you senators should give up some of your millions to help her and others.
Well maybe we should start giving tax relief to the healthcare system so they don't need to raise prices so high just to make a profit
Thank you, Senator. The Republicans are trying to steal health care from the poor to give tax breaks to the rich.
Republicans fault? Not obama? U sure? Ya were sure ur nuts!
Then you help her! You have the money and stop exploiting this woman for your political gain and hated for YOUR President Obama
Perhaps she wouldn't had you not made premiums so outrageously high. Do you have any plans to keep premiums down?
Give her some of the money you crooks pilfer!
I agree...how about you & Pelosi writing a couple of large checks & donate them to her to help out?!?
Send her a check, hypocrite!
Give her some of your "Hard Earned" Professor money
So let her use cannabis oil
Well considering the 12.9% of Medicaid goes to Obama care when they get rid of it that 12.9% will go back in and help her out so your point
Omg stop you spend billions to bail out your bros all while you get paid a 6 figure salary for what NOTHING
. There are always ways Stop scaring people Liz#healthcare
She can't be refused treatment and can set up payment plan with docs and hospital. #healthcare in america
Term limits for all politicians then work on healthcare.
Thanks to Obamacare, that's almost our only alternative. #liar #ObamacareSucks #Fauxcahontas
When do we start advising people with lives on the line to relocate to countries with healthcare?
Now is the time to check it out. Then find a way. Canada or Cuba both r alternative. I would choose France if I had means to go. Best in 
So stop being an obstructionist sit down with the Republicans and get this worked out they have offered
She wouldn't and that would be a shame if she did read the bill.
Your certifiable a complete A.. with your deplorable comments! With your socialized medicine more people would die! # Stay in your teepee!
The rad right-wing don't just want to take healthcare they want us disabled people DEAD.  Look at the kind of stuff I read online.
There are different challenges for saving lives. America used to be a place to pursue happiness not tread water.
U also lose the health insurance of your family if https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/884128710214918144 …
Making people who are already fighting to stay alive, fight to keep their medical coverage is cruel.
They sure af don't need this stress too
Propaganda
I could face bankruptcy if I have a major illness thanks to the democrats healthcare plan...can't get worst than that
And you freaks are going to ruin any chances she has to survive
You think Obama care helps.thx I don't have Insurance because Obama care drove price up couldn't afford it.go scalp 
Some white settlers.
She is on Medicaid so what is the issue here?  Is Medicaid refusing to pay for her treatments?
Give her some of your money.
this is why medicaid is such a disaster. arrogant doctors and ignorant patients spending public money on useless treatments year after year
Will you stop playing your sad stories for politics?
strange autoimmune diseases are almost always misdiagnosed simple conditions.  autoimmune is doctor speak for i don't know what you have?
people are bankrupted for all sorts of reasons. should society bear the cost for all personal tragedies. why is medicine different?
@MariaBartiromo And where the hell were you prior T45? Kissing the south end north facing DNC to put you in spotlight n not giving a damn.
idea- why not have senators and representatives  and all US citizens be on same  health care
of course big Pharma is only out to make money. They will over charge for everything they possibly can.
It is amazing that the wealthiest among us don't care about the people who actually do the work in society and keep it running. @GOP
Free choice among insurers will reduce costs and improve coverage. Free choice versus monopoly makesUSA constantly improve.
That's what charities are for, first line defence not government extortion. Your just a Socialist living on other money. It's ran out.
There are plenty of us that have dealt with it, doesnt mean the country should change
well that's obamacare for you
So Obamacare helps her but my father who made 25000 a year got killed by the high cost of Obamacare literally he's dead
Yeah anyone paying the obama care deductibles would go bankrupt
Quality vs quantity. What you want is a utopian dream, with the quality if care under Obamacare, I'm better off not having it
Oh, man... she's on Obamacare?
In our society, It's one thing to empathize, it's another to be willing to contribute your earnings toward the greater good.
I and many of my fellow patients have metastatic breast cancer.  Many depend on this insurance.  Make it better!
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
In a predominantly capitalist society, how do we pay for our humanitarian ambitions?
As one who functions w/ autoimmune battles daily, I can wholly relate. I stand with you Senator, & all who fight the GOP's #DONTcare plan!
I THINK BOTH THE GOP AND DEMS ARE WISE; IN THEIR DECISION ON HEALT! THEY KNOW HOW THE ACA HAS HELPED MANNY; LIKE JENNY; AND WILL PROTECT IT!
How many sob stories are you going to parade out for your political gain Liz? You're despicable!
you will use anyone to try and get your agenda across shame on you
I, too, had to depend on Medicaid due to multiple autoimmune diseases. I thank God everyday for it because it saved my life. Thank You!
All three have happened (are happening) to my sis

Soon I am 5 yrs in remission .  Cancer pill I take was $3000 a month.  Glad to make 5 yrs but that's way too costly.  Stop in February
And medicaid spending is going up. And you obstruct. So sad.
No one should face bankruptcy because of illness #brokensystem #safetynet
If you want to provide healthcare for every sick, lame and lazy person in the US you better plan on raising taxes or increasing nat'l debt
Thanks for keeping the pressure on
Trump dosn't care about health care he cares about tax breaks
Is she talking about Obama Care 
You know more about liars than anything else. Expose them in the Senate. Start with this one.
Agreed however @SenWarren doesn't care how the middle class is being bankrupt by Obamacare . If she did then she would want to fix it
This is an attempt by @SenWarren to trash the President etc but she could careless what Obama care is doing to the middle class .
Sad that @SenWarren only cares about someone's health when it fits her agenda & anyone struggling that doesn't fit her agenda doesn't matter
True, she gets free health care for life. She doesn't give a shit about anyone but herself.  Nice promo to visit troops
I agree
No but America should with all the waste and corruption that a mentally challenged ninny like Warren conveniently ignores she is a sophist
So why are you trying to keep Obama care? Why don't Democrats push for Americans to have the same Cadillac insurance you have?
Your right we the middle class should have the burden.    That's why I wake up and go to work daily, not for me but for all of you
She will probably go bankrupt anyway.  It's an easy way out.   Either way we pay
So why didn't obamacare take care of her?  Oh that's right it's a total failure with costs doubling.
Thanks to Obamacare and being self employed my healthcare is 2000 a month for crappy insurance. All healthy family. Your plan Warren.
Define  crapy?
13k family deductible. That totals 37k a  year before health insurance starts paying, other than yearly physicals. That's 35% of our income
Like I say and stand by every word .Democrats hate America
Immune deficiency and lung cancer and I can no longer get infusions through my health insurance.  You people need to get it together
Why don't you fight to repeal healthcare that was forced on us? Why don't you have Obamacare? We have to pass it to find out what's in it?
Thanks for helping people! Image doing what you were elected to do ;) #SenWarren
Why is paying for benefits and housing for people that broke into our country good for Massachusetts? How is protecting illegals good?
Amen!
Still waiting for answer to my question Elisabeth. How exactly is illegals good for my family and friends? How is lawlessness good also?
you are right she shouldn't
Elisabeth Warren hates America and Americans along with all other Dems in Washington
So when are the people going to get the same healthcare as you Senator?
Replying to @CNN
http://www.politicususa.com/2017/07/09/donald-trump-jr-save-dad.html … guess what COLLUSION
And all of this unnecessary strife is so super rich people can get another tax cut? REALLY?

You I really hate politicians like you, using people's health issues to gain you a vote.  Shame on you, I hope u don't get re-elected
Thank you for voting for the ACA and fighting GOP on change. Because I would of never heard Jenny story if you didn't do so.
Nobody is paying attention to you
Kind of sounds like she's being taken care of by medicare. Nothing like good old fashioned scare tactics. Fauxcahontas strikes again.
Give her money then! You have the wealth.
Only if the government would release the cure for cancer. Oh I forgot it would be a huge impact on the economy.. @POTUS @TheDemocrats
Obamacare is unsustainable. The GOP will get it right so everyone can benefit.
Gov't being between you and your doctor made h/c expensive, now you think #Fauxahauntus and gov't can solve it?
True
Jenny would be taken care of if all of the able body,minded people pulled their own weight
Many breast cancer patients develop autoimmune disorders due to chemo. We lost our home due to money struggles. #universalhealthcare please!
Then why did you vote for Obamacare ?
Heartbreaking what these young people struggle with. That what I want my tax dollars to continue supporting---education and healthcare.
The real question is if Jenny goes bankrupt is Liz Warren going to foreclose on her and resell the house for big profit shameful Liz
It breaks my heart to see people go through such hardship while our government actively tries to rip away the one thing keeping them afloat.
Why don't you donate some of your millions of dollars to help her??
She won't even pay back the $ she stole from the na, so slim chance. Greedy Lizzy
