I'm on Medicare and he scares me!!
what should have scared you is when they  took $675 million from Medicare and Medicaid to fund Obamacare.
Medicare/medicaid pays for the care of those that don't have insurance & not over 65, but eligible for ObamaCare.
so what is your point?
Monies were moved about to cover those that could afford insurance, but not eligible before.
what happens when monies run out? Like SSI?
As long as we pay our taxes, plus the wealthy & companies pay their fair share, we should be OK.
current law puts most burden on middle class. Ppl shouldn't have to pay in when they have no guarantees
become infected by maggots, leaves dead bodies in closets for hours. Not to mention other failing govt agencies; USPS, DOE etc
bc the government is stellar at medical care right? Except the VA (run by govt) let's ppl die on waiting lists. Let's people...
my work depends on Medicaid & medicare. Ppl w/disabilities unable 2 work need these supports
and you think the same ppl that run VA should be in control of Medicare?!
Trump's team will correct wrong doings from corrupt Dem that was working on a socialist government. Give back right of choice!
I would rather have a root canal than listen to your inability to ask questions relevant to the nominee.
is the worst! That voice, head bobbing and those crazy eyes!
proud patriot, u have no problems with ur Putin Puppet president? Patriot ya right
http://opslens.com/2017/01/18/army-veterans-open-letter-president-obama-regarding-pfc-manning/ …
have no interest in your fake news articals, save it for your brainwashed friends
"Below Average Joe" u make me laugh when u call dems brainwashed, right Putin Puppet
@amazinmikey and killing many in the process
You know you politicians are evil and no good..why do you think we elected him? Tired of you in Wash. lying and frighting everyon
really want to help with healthcare, put caps on medical lawsuits,lower Dr/hospital ins cost and then demand they charge less.
Thank you for your words and leadership today.
nonsense
please,please, please, do anything to stop him from doing that. These billionaires don't walk in the shoes of the middle class.
Election have consequences Hope the Russian Puppet voter's remember that when they have no health care
@BillWsblair It's been proven time & time again that government can't run anything. Privation is much better than government
Really? Give me two examples....seriously.
Our great patriot is not cutting healthcare how dare you say that! Obama care is weakening our healthcare..quit lying #MAGA
get rid of the for profit insurance companies. All people pays into Medicare one pay center. Easy fix, everyone has medical
Now we know what all that death panel talk was about with @GOPThickAsThieves trashing ACA. Letting people die=murder
>U r a lying fraud! Facts dont agree w ur lies!
Our nations health was the best ever until government decided to medal in it
. Please fight them on cutting social security and medicare.
thank you for your STRONG interview of Price, you & Al Franken rock
I believe a more direct comment would be he's planning death panels. Apparently the American people want to die.
The government and your incompetence has already done the damage
@cherokeesher2 @ZulaQi #IRS #Veterans NRA TeaParty Trump/Ryan/McConnell Clearly Identified & Defined https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJquRp5__oY …
keep up the great work Sen. Warren!  Thank you!
please please please don't let this guy by.
keep up the fight Senator the majority is with you.
Obamacare destroyed the health care system in America. You should resign as you voted for failure.
@Franiaanne where can we mail these to?
Thank You Senator Warren!!!  Your amazing!
@BillWsblair With Privatization people can be held responsible. With the government no one is responsible.
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts  #lyawatha yawn gosh it will be good to FIRE you in the next election @Karen84313671
do you ever say anything relevant or of substance? Oh, you'll just stick to shameless scare tactics & identity politics...
We are counting on you.
please stop him
One of the many extremely bad choices trump has made! Worst pick for everything!
RESTRUCTURING DOESN'T MEAN WEAKENING
Senator Warren: You make any true patriot proud. Especially as a truth patriot.
my heart is broken
thanks for all you are doing please keep up the work!
Does he have parents who are seniors?
-- when did multi-millionaire public parasite Elizabeth Warren become a health care expert. NO CLUE!
hello Elizabeth.i love you dearly but can't support you if you join up with the dem bashing Bernie group.
we the people say NO!!
Tom price is unethical and unqualified to head HHS. Sen. Warren is absolutely correct to grill this guy and expose him as unfit to serve!!
But enriching the Corporations.
how can he weaken something that you and the dems already weakened by voting FOR something before you could read it!
it sure as hell didn't work with obamacae
I am an educator and we need a secretary of education that will support public education and all our students. #DumpDeVos
Q: Will you cut Medicare? Price's answer: "Money is the wrong metric." 

Um yeah. I'll write that on my next hospital bill....
it's time for acceptance let's stop acting like children I wouldn't be embarrassed for Republican if HRC won and acted like us
shut up Pocahontas the cry baby liberals of my Democrat party are embarrassing the heck out of all of us
Fight him every step of the way. I have both and wouldn't have been able to afford my cancer treatment without it.
This is unacceptable! Keep fighting the good fight to #blockprice . #priceiswrong
how dare people have control over their own hard earned money!
weaken more than Obama did, didn't think it could go any lower. Another lie?
watched hearings with my mouth open
Everyday, every nominee, every tweet it's like death by a 1000 cuts
Americans r going 2 bleed
Health care can only improve out from under the incompetent Democratic influence. I feel so much better already!
light yourself on fire in protest.   I believe it will make the right statement   U have my support
#youaremyhero!! Thanks for asking the tough questions
Tom Price is not qualified!  Thank you for standing up for all Americans!
nope.  You don't understand a free market do you?  Government SUCKS BALLS
So Tom Price stocks would be hurt by aca repeal ? & all the democrats w health care & big pharma stocks were helped by it ? #hypocrisy
Did you own any health & big pharma stocks  before you cast your vote for #Obamacare?
Great Job Senator! You and Patty Murray were relentless. The new Senator Hassan was spot on too. You were all good! Thanks!!
Fight this guy. He's not talking about empowering patients. He's talking about lining the pockets of drug and medical industries.
Liz what can we do? Trump is an injected KGB agent and he'll undermine the entire Country! The Amullment clause is our only hope!
No absolutely NO
Don't let him be nominated! He acted on insider trading info! His political "visions" will hurt millions of people!!
Tell of your profiteering on foreclosed homes in OK and loans to family members to do same. Banks more likely to sell to Senator.
keep fighting for us!
This!
fight for Medicare and social security
Well, but of course you WOULD say that.
She uses the word radical like she's talking about someone else. How about Indian faker?
I watched today.  He is appalling and a liar.  He should go to prison for insider trading.
Good job!  Funny that Chmn blamed the election for tone of questions rather than his party's bad behavior now & past 8 years.
with no respect, you are a fake Native American.
thank you so much for fighting for us!
My wife's life depends on it
you don't get it.  One of the reasons your party lost is Obama care.   It covers no working people.
@miblueskies Elizabeth Warren is an idiot she should go back to the reservation and run for chief
she is the one who claimed that she was an Indian so that she could get free tuition and high-paying job
just like global warming....show the proof of this allegations...yiouyr words are no where near enough
A LIE!  #Obamacare killed AMERICA- but you DEMS didn't care #TheAmericanPeople didn't WANT, But U crammed it down our throats!
thank you keep up the good work. Post a proposal for Americans to sign. Stronger together
@MAHAMOSA
How many hospitals and clinics died in the rural Georgia district he represents?
why are all liberal democrats such weak pussies?
@DerekNoahLong Pocahontas!
shame it wasn't yourself and Sen Sanders didn't run, u guy's would have won without a doubt, Hillary was terribly flawed
@suz_hol just watched EW strap on a dildo and butt fuck Price till he screamed "mommy!"
you are  Great American.
oh Elizabeth youre such a champion of the little guy (girl).  Hit me again with your "the system is rigged" stump speech.
How can that weaken it when it is going to go broke? You are non-sensical. There is a way to fix it, you had a chance and failed.
you've championed proposals that allow.for The murder of babies. It's not like your actually concerned with peoples health.
Senator -you were AWESOME today hammering Price -buying stock and then intro legislation to benefit the company is corrupt
Again ONE MORE LIE! He has said over and over you are wrong . You know more than he does? what a joke you appear to be
U baby boomers will be gone soon enough an gen y's like me will have to do the hard work of cutting social safety nets bc they bleed us dry

you are my hero
ur questioning is nothing but silly ass grandstanding.
I'm no $$$ but my broker makes trades on my behalf without my knowledge all the time. He is my investment advisor.
go get him, Price was trying to dance around your questions but you wouldn't let him. Love your persistence  #greatjob



Worry about Massachewshitts lady. No one cares about your damn opinion now.
-what we need is universal healthcare
Liz:  Please do not attend this inauguration. This is not a "peaceful transfer of power."  It's more of a usurpation. She won!
TYVM for protecting our safety net programs.
Is it your life's mission to criticize everyone?  FYI.. Saul Alinski is dead; so, everyone else will seem imperfect to you.
counting on you to torpedo his appointment.
I appreciate all your hard work for us. Don't weaken now.
-Mr Price, your Federal healthcare need also be privatized & you will be able to appreciate the full spectrum of your stupid plan.
Tea party Price hates spending unless it's adding 10 trill 2 debt by repealing ACA.  Not about spending about what they want.
use the new weapon
Vote NO!
; Warren is throwing the hard working average American citizen under the bus. Obama Care is a disaster and she could care less.
impeachment time
; Warren supports the unaffordable care act. People are suffering from out of control premium increases a crazy deductibles.
; I'm on Medicare, Price does not scare me. What scared me was Obama Care ripping 500 billion from Medicare to fund Obama Care.
please keep fighting! Thank you.

when it all comes crashing down, the citizens will start paying attention
We really don't care about your SOCIALIST/COMMUNIST OPINION!
Yes he has and may I add . He has also stated that he is against coverage of grizzly bear attacks in our schools .
your  kick backs will be stopped that's why you are upset
Yeah, he simply tried to find ways to stop the abuse, the waste, and I understand that these are things that you just can't know
great plan because you clowns in government have done a piss poor job of handling taxpayer money
Yes say no to Tom Price!!
The healthcare system that you endorse is imploding as we speak. You can do something useful and help fix it or stand in the way.
You are such a #Liar!!! #SuckItUpButterCup #NewPOTUS #MAGA #NewSheirffInTown #PresidentialInauguration 1-20-17 #AmericaIsDoneWithYourLies
Actually Medicare is ok for now - they are going to change employer sponsored healthcare law, Medicaid.Stay tuned
Will Do
then he just lied.
You showed us all how horrible things go when the government tries to run healthcare
There's absolutely nothing a republican can do that Warren won't attack. Shopping 4 milk - "sexist!", paying rent - "inequality!!" #Divisive
Yet, when push came to shove, Senator, you sided with the darling of Wall Street and the neocon foreign policy and security establishment.
A Bernie Brother, oh, that's helpful.
Is this what it has come down to? Really, this is your response?
I'd like to propose Congress gut their  health plan.  Or offer it to all Americans.
vote NO

give em hell Elizabeth
Thank you for being strong during these confirmation hearings. Don't let people with huge conflicts of interest run our country.
why not try something constructive! No one can do anything right except you and Bernie pathetic
No way!
privatization would benefit Americans. Look at Galveston,  TX which privatized its Social Security.
Blame politicians for failing to run social security,Medicare properly, because these programs are on the verge of shutting down
I am thinking of moving out of his district! John Lewis is more my kind of guy!
in case you had not noticed Medicare HMOs now about 40% of enrollment. It's vouchers light. Look into why
Classless gesture by Warren in not shaking nom. DeVos's hand.
Thank you Sen. Warren for standing up for us.
weakening middle class families who have to pay for children and elders.
let's be honest the democrats ACA destroyed our healthcare system and that's why we are in the mess we are in now to fix it
keep fighting. We shouldn't be considered people to get rich off of. We are America. We deserve adequate medical coverage.
Price = 
And?
And We are supposed to believe you, proven liar !You just don't get it. We are sick of of our government ran by Dems .
"God, Guns, Trump"...Tells us all we need to know about your intellect. #resist
Read your messages,Wow a real life bleeding heart Dem.    Your vulgar posts says much more about your intellect,
Love you -- please lead the Senate boycott of inauguration. It will pay off when you run for Prez!
Hillary's sister.
Medicare spent 650 billion in 2015 and will spend 1.3 trillion by 2025.  The ACA creates more problems for medicare.  Stop lying.
privatize everything si they can get their grubby mitts on it, sickening
Can you PLEASE Vote NO on EVERY ONE of Trumps cabinet nominees...? They're ALL UNQUALIFIED... Half are SHADY & CORRUPT....
fear mongering at its best. Why do you advocate crippling the middle class with higher premiums that are barely affordable???
Every single Trump voter using ACA, Medicare should be watching Price's hearing today. But they won't.
You bought it, you own it
- good.
Thank youvSenator for fighting in our behalf. These nominees are trying to buy their way into government & they're  not qualified
don't go on Friday!!!
Did you ever take Economics 101?  Free enterprise is the ONLY safeguard  against Communism (Govt takeover!)  This is America!
go get them E Warren.  Big business will own everything if POTus 45 had his way
it just makes me ill. What will our elderly do? Not to mention, im almost there..what will I do?
after what this guy did he should be going to jail
if they "donate " more $$ to you I bet you get on board. Paytoplay much?
Can we just ship him to Russia with the rest of the trump clowns?
Thank you for representing the people of this nation and fighting the good fight.
excellent ideas, long overdue
sure lets turn over  health care to their billionaire friends-health care cannot work when it is delivered for profit
privatize is just a cover to help the top 5% get a whole lot wealtheir while taking away services for average Americans
you're a fraud.
Please stop him Senator Warren!
EW. You're great at roasting. But you were MIA during the primary. MIA during DAPL. What will YOU do?
Price shld not be in gov't at all.  Abuse of power and position for his  own financial gain.  Justice dept get him out.
