want you out!!#  I live in mass and will do my part to vote you out! America first
oooh. America is ALL OF US, I want them in.
But it was ok for Obama to stack the courts with left-wing judges?
How can you justify voting for $700 Billion for War in a flash—but 1248 days since Flint has had clean water & we can't find $215M to fix it
Now that's the best question I've heard all day. Dems don't care about your water now. They only care in front of the camera
Yeah and WE WON'T LET YOU TRAMPLE THE CONSTITUTION!  #Fire Elizabeth Warren.
GOP is attempting to pass trump care like a thief in the night. America is a beacon for all to see & wonder what happened to us. Proud 2 B?
Of course you do. You would rather have no rule of law !! Please resign Pocahontas..
HOLD THE LINE

NO GROUP OF SPECIAL INTERESTS SHOULD B MAKING CHOICES FOR US
So, now you are the straight-man (excuse me, "person") for comedian Al Franken. When are you playing at Del Lago Casino ... I'll be there!
Thank you Senator Warren!!
Hypocrisy at its finest. You voted for the end to filibusters in 2013 and created this. What a joke
Wicked Warren desires socialist judges who ignore constitution and destroy American tradition
You can text RESIST to 50409 & follow the directions in the reply to fax your message to your lawmakers on the healthcare bill... FOR FREE!!
THAT'S THE PROBLEM WITH LIBERALS. NOTHING IS FREE. U NEED TO LEARN THAT.
That's the problem with #RWNJs like ==>>@DougClancy1<<== who have about 5 followers, they think we GAS about their trolling!!
BYE!!
@SenWarren @SenFranken May you two stand in unity in the unemployment line as your policy places your voters there
Unlike what BHO did you mean?
WHY NOT? That's what you did with CRAZY LEFT-WING JUDGES.
It was ok  2 to support the lawless, reckless, unconstitutional #44 as he stacked the courts left wing judges? How hypocritical of you both!
But we stood with #BarackObama to stack the courts with progressive anti freedom and liberty Saul Alinsky Marxists judges!
Reserving that for liberal democrats to appoint left wing judges that don't give a rip about the constitution
#impeach... don't be afraid of the SOB.
We are now a laughing stock and a pyrrya.
Sure because the liberal judges we have now certainly don't do anything like legislating from the bench, right Liz?
Here is how greed works.   https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-and-the-customer-experience/ …
Good. We'll hold you to that. But you and Franken also just voted to give the military $700 billion it didn't need.
I stand with @SenFranken in saying no: We won’t let Trump & the GOP bypass the process & stack courts with pro-corporate, right-wing judges.
WITH TRUMP ANTAGONZING WE ARE GOING TO NEED THAT I WANT TO BACK THAT WITH.LISTEN TO HIS BUCKETMOUTH!!
Judges that love the constitution, interpret law/not make law. Lefties don't like judges like that.
Says the out of touch Indian. Anything on the reservation lately?
Can't stop it, try working with Trump instead. You're hurting your party so much.
like you let @POTUS44
PRESIDENT Trump. You are a very rude and disrespectful person, Senator. Respect the Office if not the person.
Well didn't the Dumbocrates pass Obamacare with reading it
You are a 1% er.  Worth over 200 million. U R the problem not the solution! Others were poor & became super Rick like u, but you insult them
Thank you Senators
pro business, pro jobs...so disingenuous
You are the reason the Democratic Party is disappearing.  It used to be the party for the working class.  Now just the crazy.
Al won't get a second term
No we should stack them with left wing activist judges that make it up as they see fit. 
Instead of following the law
How you continue to get reelected is baffling.
You and Franken are a disgrace!
#herpeshillary
Keep your pink slips!
Please Sen Warren&Franken save us from the bad orange man #fakepresident #realDonaldTrump
@Tackspayer @SenFranken block them all just like they did to Obama. Ty. Keep up the fight
Oh..and this too
Well then I suggest you figure out how to win some elections.
Thank you!
Thank you!
You should see some of the horrendous choices for District Judges in Texas.
I could not agree more.  WE cannot allow the majority to be beaten down by a heartless few.
Elizabeth Warren, I have never heard you speak and not say something that was exactly what I would have wanted to say! Speak, and never stop
Thank you Senator Warren
Why u let Obama stack courts with liberal socialist judges. What's different here?
I'm so sick of GOP using the courts to push their conservative agenda. It goes against democracy.
Explain to us why you voted to raise "bigly" the defense budget? Makes no sense whatsoever! You call yourself a progressive? BS
@CherokeeNative3 @SenFranken Lyk those who viol8 theConstitution @AGPamBondi & @1dca_flcourts #JudgeDonHLester & #AcquitTheGuilty
Was fine when Obama packed them with Liberals though, right?
Devil in disguise
Well, y'all ran a shitty Dem candidate, rigged the Dem primary and forced her upon us denying Bernie and we ended up tRump. Not too smart. 
Like obama stacked the courts with activist left wing judges? Youre getting voted out in 2018 bye
Weird Al Franken?
This is an outrage! We need to stack courts with leftist judges!
Yep, you're the problem!
Too bad politics is an inherently antichristian activity, w/ that "religion" being politicized itself, as an icon, not w/ 'spirit' liberally
What about saving ACA ?!
Why not?  Obama and the Dems tried to stack it with socialistic left-wing judges!!
Why did you vote in favor of a $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
@ChuckGrassley  just a reminder for old guys that can't remember anything. #bipartisan
Thank you Pocahontas.  I'm glad you are with the second rate comedian.
Do you wear a diaper too?
TIME TO END CAREER POLITICIANS AND THEIR RULE OF OPPRESSION TERM LIMITS 
Stop Graham Cassidy please.
Tell us HOW we can stop this! Give us specific responsibilities!
She stands with Trump and says YES $700 billion for unneeded defense spending - FRAUD!!!
Right on and thank you.
Wow, the bots are really jamming the last couple of days. Guess they are really worried. Ty, sen. Warren for standing up and speaking out!
BLESS YOU BOTH!!!  #TrumpTreason #EndTheNightmare #GOPOUT
And yet they will
we can slow them down now ... stop them dead if we can get the orange baboon and his cadre out ....but we've got to hit the streets #Resist
I'm a corporation. Are my rights not as worthy as others?
Seems to be happening anyway.
Definitely you have become the most negative Democratic party in years!!  No respect for the American voters!!
Two ass hats who don't care about the people.
Elizabeth get a grip on yourself if you think people are going to go against Trump you're whistling Dixie
Hahahaha! This your guy Liz? Figures.
I hope because they seem to be side stepping everything else to fool everyone
You're outvoted,Pocahontas and you know it!!
You have no choice. That is the process. Winner appoint who he wants. They are pro- constitution judges and that's really what bothers you.
Exactly.

Impeach Trump Pence! Profeteering corrupt obstruction

DUMP Corrupt Profeteering Trump Pence + GOP Dem Reps voting for ACA Repeal
AMEN!
Lie #21,374,868 from Sen. Fauxcahontas.

The courts are stacked with anti-American, anti-Constitutional leftists. We need balance to return.
Thank you, Senators.
"I don't like the rules so I'll just change them". That swamp monster is getting awfully bloated. Keep fighting SenWarren.
You go girl!  Stack those courts with left wing whacko bastarden who make up law as they go!
Obongo staked the courts with Libtards like you Fakehauntous. The 9th circut court of idiots are always overturned.
I would like to take a moment thank you for all your efforts, getting the word out and for being awesome
Thank The Senate and Congress who manage to see their way through this DARKNESS humptytrumpty and his lackies continue to foist upon us!!
it balances the mess that 44 got us into
I read that as I stand with@benfranklin. It's late. My eyes are tired 
What better way to drain the swamp?!? I must pack courts with pro bizzy, conservative folks! I love how they hate working people!
Bite me Warren bite me
Obama had left wing judges and Trump is saying no to them. It's politics.
It's about r Country & lack of leadership. With the exception of a shrinking base the world including Americans understand this to be true.
Please do whatever you can to block Jeff Mateer. He is transphobic, homophobic, and many other 'phobics and 'ists. He can't be impartial.

He is a joke as you are
imebcle squaw
And her pet monkey
political careers almost done for being dolts waste of skin
I agree. We need to be hitting hard on all these ethics issues too. We will never be able to put the genie back in the bottle if we don't.
Y'all ain't gonna do ;you just like to TWEETThat Single-payergave GOP Lots of rhetoric to Revive 'Repeal OCare';You 16 Dems are to BLAME
I got this email from the GOP today. They’re already using Bernie’s talking points against the Dems. @SenJeffMerkley
ThanksGonna copy and Use
And you stillhave obamas ass kisser judges, blocking rightful and legal proceedings of President Trump
Democrats talk, Republicans take.
Thank you.
So you prefer to have far,  
 left-wing Socialist judges
Like all the left wing# 9th circuit!
Can you stop! Can't wait until you lose in the next election
Good luck
"Rule of Law" just become more of a "JOKE" when GOP judges say "If U R white, U R right & if U R black, just stand back! Case over, next!"
What is the choice when U have roll over Dem leaders who go "ga ga" when invited to the Trump WH?
Why   is it because they believe in justice and the Constitution,
Stand wherever you want. You can't stop any of them.
That'd be a great comedy act ! Franken & Warren  
We must stand up.  Follow this blog https://stopgreednow.com/blog/ .  A new blog is coming that has a great example of this c
Critically important.
You know something smells when they have the majority and still try to sneak it through.
Please save our federal court system!  We are nothing without a fair and balanced judiciary.
The importance of this gets overlooked in the day to day circus that is the Trump Administration. Keep it up @SenWarren and @SenFranken.
Yeah cause that aca crap you dumped on us is so wonderful. So keep fighting to screw us Lizzie were stupid

Keep up the good work.  We need more people speaking up for us.
Thank you!!!
As soon as you say, " I stand with Sen Frankenstein", you lose any credibility.
Be careful cuz the repubs and Russia will screw around in 2018
Too late Senator. THE NLRB, appellate courts, even Sec. of Labor have been pro-corporate since Reagan. The Supreme Court, bad joke.
 #theresistance
What you are saying is your are digging in your feet by not approving judges just because.
Franken is a complete ass,he was not funny on Saturday night live and he's a disgusting politician that loves to hate America
Although you and Sen Franken supported the same very thing under Obama.  This is exactly what's wrong with America
Why can't you come out and tell everyone you are trying to make this into a socialist country.
So you're planning an early retirement?  2018 & 2020 MAKE THE DIRTY DEMS EXTINCT!
So you want a bunch of bleeding heart liberals that make up the rules as they go. I want people that will follow the law.
Idiots
Except... that's what is happening!
Thank you!
Thanks for not allowing the GOP to bypass the the Process!!!!
And religious bigots
Do you and Franken remember BOZO the Clown!!!
@dzeieio @SenFranken America can't let this Lunatic ruin our Courts with Bias & $$
I LOVE Trump.
So do all of your zero followers, comrade bot
Blocked that Bot!
I'm missing something here Lieawatha. Isn't that exactly what you and the last Muslim President did stack the courts full of communists
Senator FRANK..The Joker..Oh my God!
Keep up the fight that is going to help regular people, tired of hearing special interests spreading their lies.
Your party hasn't played fair and just don't like it when the other side stoop to your level.
This is exactly why you're unpopular Pocahontas
Why not you let Obama stack it with libertards
Al Frankin hahahaha ahaha hahahaha
@senfranken is an illegitimate senator who only won because @TheDemocrats cheated.  He belongs on @SNLUpdate
You mean like Obama did. Hypocrite
Franken is an actor/comedian.
Your man did.

Oh you want anti everything liberal judges. No thanx
But you guys let Mitch McConnell him deny Obama's SC nominees. Why didn't you sue him? OBSTRUCT like he did!
thank you so much Senator Warren
If anyone thought #CitizensUnited was bad, wait until u see what a #Trump-loaded SCOTUS would do.
#Resist
#TheResistance
#ImpeachTrump
Thank you, Senator.
better than your socialist friends
#WarrenFranken2020
Scardie cat.
Didn't Pres Obama stack the court w\ judges w\ his ideology. Now it's Trump's time.That how we keep courts in middle
No.  Republicans blocked Obama appointments.  Anyway, @curiouswoman3 rated 10/10 as a #putintroll or #putinbot :

https://makeadverbsgreatagain.us/mlp/ 
You can't stop it.  Grow up. Elections have consequences.   Next time put forth a better candidate
Should they be stacked with looney tunes like you??
Or sad little Trolls like you?
Franken is a PO 
Trump is actually
What don't you oppose?
Might be time for a lot to move to the right. With your millions I am sure you don't have much consideration for the average taxpayer.
Your process is keeping courts stacked with the left
And we stand with you!
Uh. Did the democrats win the presidential election. Huh. Last time I checked that’s the presidents job. Nice try Bolshevik
At this point, I don't believe you have much choice. Do you always speak before you think? #Pocahantas
Cody no she doesn't think before she speaks
Janus v afscme is terrible
Especially ones that put religion before the law!
But yes to the defence budget?!? Shame on you @SenWarren
You all did with Obama's picks.
She wants corperate left wing judges....shessh.
Al Franken has trouble stringing more than 6 words together. Sure you want to hitch your pony to that wagon,  Chief?
We need judges not activists on the bench. Your probably happy with the 9 circuit court. They get overturned 70% of the time. Rethink please
So what will you do @SenWarren and @SenFranken?
Franken is a total fool and clown.
Conservatives are making a comeback, great!
Conservatives aren't.  Christofascists are.  Also, @HairStylistCol rated 10/10 as a #putintroll or #putinbot :

https://makeadverbsgreatagain.us/mlp/ 
That is correct you will be voted out and spending all your money from the people who have bought you Mrs. Fraud.
This is THE MOST IMPORTANT POLITICAL ISSUE FACING THE UNITED STATES.
That's all well and good, if stopping them you will.I've heard it before and stopping them has not happened. So many of us are waiting!!
We  joyfully install pro constitutional judges.  Those who understand America and its history judicially. Not far left wing Demo  anarchists
Maybe Al Franken can get you on Saturday Night Live! You are such a BIG JOKE
Ms. Warren, how many lobotomies have you had?
Not surprised.  Where were you when the fraud Obama did it?
please help us protect Medicaid and Aca we have children with preexisting conditions who deserve to be protected
