paid #antifa types?

Mel on the meltdown in Berkeley https://mediaequalizer.com/melanie-morgan/2017/08/how-berkeley-became-the-hate-capital-of-the-world … @MelMorgan1350 @MediaEqualizer @seanhannity 
Alinsky
You should run for President with @MaxineWaters !
Saw much of it on CSpan. If we had 12 more like Warren we could actually MAGA
Did your #Antifa friends show up, Lizzy? We know you endorse #LeftistViolence.
Correction, 1500 protestors
She listens to her constituents.
So does @POTUS
As long as they are white.
She says here for middle-class families but she's not Deval Patrick raised taxes in Massachusetts she said we need the money she's not for u
Million dollar Mansion she lives in 0% interest who is she for banks baby

We can't fix your country, let us fix ours first.

Wow for the party that preaches inclusiveness, those sure are diverse crowds. NOT. Keep on with the lies. #racistwarren  #DNCisAntifa
@SenWarren needs to run 2020.......I'm with you
Right out of this country
Liberals love name calling???
A bunch of us are praying you'll run for president.  We need a sane voice.
.  How about Rachel Maddow for president?  She's extremely smart, knows how Washingtonworks.
So proud of your efforts on behalf of the people of Massachusetts.
We're you giving out free stuff?
you had your chance you blew it. No trust anymore let real progressives change things.
#goofy #Pocahontas
Run for President!!!
And keep on running right to Russia and stay
Thank you for standing up for the little ppl. Rep are for RICH.
Republican are rich because they are unlike demo there are smart and loyal to our country
the bias in media is shameful. why don't they ever show the crowds at a Trump Rally? (They are way more impressive, FYI)
They do show the crowds.
You are the best of you can't fix stupid
Great job, but I need my party 2 resist this crazy wall
We need them to do more than resist the wall, we need them to go out there and join #TheResistance and resist Trump and his WH

@SenWarren . I wonder if you go to antifa Rally's to teach them more hate
Concord Carlisle. The 1%. All white. Pay #reparations Liz https://shiva4senate.com 
Great town hall in Massachusetts.
Ummm looks more like 50 peeps lol
There's more diversity at a Trump rally.
It's the same people as your last ones goofy
1500 phonies like sitting squaw
1500 PEOPLE....HOLY MACKERAL...YIPPIDY DO DAH.......PLEASE 2020....RUN....
Sen. Warren please push for congression investigation of ARPAIO pardon.  I feel like DT is raping us daily and getting away with it.
It's like talking to family members. It's easy if everyone thinks like you. Try hostile territory like Alabama or Mississippi rural area
I love your comedy show Elizabeth you make me laugh you play a great Indian you go girl
Must be pretty boring in that town.
One thing polls don't show, is he level to which people despise this administration
Wow! Look at the diversity in that crowd. <eyes roll to back of head>
Great job Senator, Hope to see you in the National elections 2020
It's hard to imagine that anybody would go and listen to Elizabeth Warren my goodness gracious what a disgrace to the Democratic party
Elizabeth will you be going to any Native American reservations to speak
How come this #turncoat is still on my feed?? Can't block effing #Pocahantus?? What up with that
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY1WV6jweRU&t=45s&ytbChannel=Golden%20State%20Times …
Take the DNA test, then we'll listen.  What do you have to hide?
Did you come as a woman or a man?
Big Fucking Deal Pocahontas
Pocahantas drew that many people? Cannot wait when she gets beat in 2018.
Your a dem. They want their free stuff
Congratulations...more than Trump's inauguration crowd
Please suggest the change of the name of the Democratic party.  It is offensive. The party supported Jim Crow laws and wanted slavery.
Liar
Plz look at Germany ,Canada ,Italy,london, over run by extremists
Set down Pocahontas
Does having a Town Hall meeting really mean anything.... For Mass people it only shows that they've elected an Idiot to the SENATE!!
Please help us repeal-and-replace Donald Trump
Warren2020
Everybody showed up to see what a Swamp Queen really looks like.
No. It's gratitude for listening to us.
Wow really packing them in!
Thank you @SenWarren. 
Please help #ImpeachNow
Stop #DTsGameOfOutrage
$$Distracts by ANY means!
What are you going to do to end Trumps regime of terrorism and subdivision of US
I believe  (and hope) that was a larger crowd, start to finish, than the one in Phoenix that thinned out as the lunatic Trump ranted.
Most folks work.and lost confidence  I dems. Will you sponsor a refugee?
@RepKinzinger another #TownHall, how about #IL16?
Sen Warren I am so afraid of this chaos.
I'm sure you'll get the Indian vote
Please run for prez in 20 lizz.......what better face to put on yer party .
Trump had 15000 in a blizzard
great stuff
are we gonna take up economic/social inequity and TWO levels of justice in the US (again) or keep on with THE RUSSIANS R COMING?
%
Hi Liz please run for prez. We look forward to your debate



Stinging words for liberals from Dr. Alveda King, niece of MLK Jr, regarding why she chose 2cast a vote in the direction of President Trump. 
150 wow how much you pay them

Only 2/3 of Congress is needed to unite to restrict abuse of pardoning powers with a Constituitional Amendment ASAP. We do not have a king!
Good job Senator . God bless you.
No confessions without legal advice. It could return to kick you where it hurts the most.
Kid Rock has millions upon millions that could fill a state!  Not just 1500.  Lol. Your funny Elizabeth!!!!  MAGA 
How much did old George have to pay all them people to come to your town hall
When will democrats stand up to trump & stand up for our country? It's time to take off the gloves & pick up a stick & fight for us all
Democrats supported slavery, Jim crow laws and started Kkk.  They need to change the party name its offensive.
You are an evil woman
Your attendance tallies are getting to sound a lot
like Trumps counting the crowds.
another do nothing Democrat we have too many of them now Crooks Rule
Love yah Liz!! Keep on Keeping on--we need yah!!!!

In Donald Trumps world that would be 15,000
Warren is wolf shoot crazy!
and all 1500 were very disappointed. They thought it was a Taylor Swift free concert.
#voteherout
Just a group of SNOWFLAKES wanting to hear more hatred and lies from you Hypocrite POCAHONTIS
But your just spreading hate .Maybe they will build a statue of you and put it in the court yard #paytoshow
Refreshing to see someone who faces their constituents. @SenToddYoung
Dear Elizabeth: Fantastic responses to your Townhall meetings. Can one of your team explain how they work to a UK follower? Big fan!
Will you be coming to Southbridge anytime soon?
And I was proudly one of the 1500.
I would like to humbly invite you, Senator, to a cup of tea at our home in 01720 Zip
WOW almost the entire HS showed up! WOW!
We love you E.W. But please help this country evict this person from our Whitehouse! 25th Amendment!
Free donuts for everyone !
Half Breed
do bad you never talk about the economy
Wonderful work! This is just what Dems need to do. More need to be out there reaching the people. We MUST encourage people to #VoteBlue2018!
Great you proven that mass is filled with liberal sheep.  You irritate me more than any politician ever.
1500 people! Really Elizabeth ? Trump had 15million just the other night in Phoenix ! Ask him he'll tell you so. #ImpeachTrump
Lol.
You'll never be POTUS.
Wow, what a crowd. Just imagine 25,000  more and you will be caught up with President Trump. Way to go losers hahaha
Continue the good work. Let's get the lunatic out of the office asap.
We love you Senator Elizabeth Warren. Please be our next president. You are needed!
I wish you would convince District 11ths in NJ to do the same. We haven't had a town hall in years
Please dont reproduce

Liar! 500 at best!
Great Job today Senator.  Continue to Fight for the working class.  We need your voice and clarity.
Wow a real crowd!
How much in contributions were made? Not much I'm sure! Is the DNC still destitute? Are they running on empty? They won't survive!
How would one schedule meeting (prefer phone conversation) with you? Complete process? Keep in mind I'm severely disabled and afraid to fly
Thank you Sen. warren. Please help us! Stay strong and true!
Wow, 1500 people are you kidding me,you are pathetic LiZ!!
Does not speak well for those 1500, any one who would spend time listening to you would have to be mentally challenged.  Go back to the res
@RepComstock...see...it's not that difficult!  13 town halls in 2017 thus far ~THAT is representing your constituents @LoveIndivisible
I love all the great work you do to help people Elizabeth
Democrats are just too civil to get any media attention.
So why does Trump get 10s of thousands in person and 40 to 60 thousand watching on live. Hmmm we can see a popularity difference
Small crowd
1500 people that hate your guts that's really something to be proud of your mama would be proud
I was there. Great
Me too :)
#FrankenWarren2020
Trump 20,000 plus
How Much Were They Paid To Listen To Your Hate Filled Garbage, The Usual $25/hour or Premium Pay???
why R U not working on booting Trump for all his illegalities? Stop campaigning and WORK!
Your a fake Pocahontas
Why is everyone white? Do you only represent white people?
that's the best you can do!
Wow 1500 people compared to Trumps rallies of 10,000!  Way to go!  LOL!
Did they all repeat after you like they did at the airport? That was great!
Witchy Woman
That many paid employees of Soros.
Awesome time tonight! Hopefully next time I'll make it inside...
A collect of 1500 crazies. "Pocahontas! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth." DT
Don't say that to loudly..Trump will think the large number of people were there to see him!
Can you do anything about trump's unethical, immoral, unprecedented #SheriffJoe pardon? 
From #CapeCod appreciate
@SenWarren
Some people will  even pay good money to see  a monkey with a basketball.
Warren for President!
GO for it PRESIDENT WARREN!!!
So if you what an Idiot as a President try to ELECT Warren... Good Luck
@SenWarren With everything that is going on tonight you feel the need to cheer for yourself! Shows what kind of person you are at the core!
You need to read 'Musée des Beaux Arts' by Auden and enlighten yourself.
Well done
Nice coat!  With all those book profits, can't you buy some new duds?  (Or are there no profits???)
Lol 1500 there are more at HS football games tonight than that
Do they know, you lied on a college application about your true heritage, denying a real Native American a chance an opportunity SHAME ON U
We need you to introduce a bill for term limits Liz. Show us how much you love America and not the money you swindle being a fake Indian
Bullshit,
POTUS pulls in 30k. I guess you still have your work cut out for you. LMAO #MAGA!
You call that a crowed? LOL
Sure there was that many..fibbing again?
Wow that great I guess. Seems a little light considering there is 6.8 million in Massachusetts.
1500? Good try. More than Hillary ever got. Maybe the Russians kept some of them away.
I bet goofy asked the lazies what they wanted free (at workers expence) of course
You are over and out Elizabeth.
Petifles, murderers,communists,facists and feaks of all forms attended
Keep up the good fight
Paid attendees? 
Those numbers are just pitiful, Pocahontas.
Don't let it go to your head
You are a strange woman!
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE. 
IMPEACH HIM!!!
We love you from TN, #KeepUpTheGoodFight
You need to tax AI and robots. Otherwise who would you tax? Everyone would have no jobs left eventually
I wish you could come to San Jose, CA!!
