@SenatorWarren Lets bring attention 2 a fallen soldier we lost today n Afghanistan. We owe this serviceman our gratitude for his heroism.
They need more than gratitude! They're leaving people behind them to pick up the pieces & it ain't easy! Underpaid, insured it's ridiculous.
I'm so done w/ this narrative. They made a career choice and 99.999% of them voted for Trump, and against healthcare for Americans.
oath to protect you regardless if you like their career path or the duties they fulfill.
That's an insult to people's intelligence.
Do all cops take an oath too?
Yes they do and blue blood runs too
Yeah…We see that oath on youtube every other week.
I just read a Facebook article saying U.K. Doesn't want trump speaking at two traditional events due to racism and sexism and embarrassing
I don't blame the U.K. We don't want him speaking for the same reasons!
Yes I just do t know if it's true and 140 characters makes it hard was looking for confirmation
there was a petition. It didn't pass. He was welcomed by the Queen.
Thank you probably just as well. More chances to show his incompetent nature to the world in person
that's the great part of it- the rest of the world sees him as very competent and logical.
Is it cause of the Muslim ban? Irealize can believe everything you see never mind hear. But I have seen many videos of this prob over there
The truth is you have to verify information on your own because you can't believe what you see or hear in a lot of things
I've said it once I'm going to say it again we don't need any additional action in Syria! Things to take care of in the US, no distractions!
No way Senator, absolutely not! We don't need to make the same mistakes over and again! High costs & not only monetarily. Some other way.
Hopefully you and your DEM colleagues in House and Senate are demanding these things... loud, clear and non-stop #ShePersisted
She should be demanding all actions in Syria stop - now! She's going to lose votes if she doesn't. People are sick and tired of War.
American strike in Syria is very dangerous for world peace. Congress must put an end to any such stupid moves and strive for peace in Syria.
How many factions were there when Korean, Vietnamese and Afghan wars were fought by USA? Was there any civil war in Iraq, Syria and Libya?
What was Obama's strategy aside from placating our enemies and giving them money. The current disaster is the result of failed dem strategy.
He wanted to use missiles but congress told him no.  Look it up.
Not really.  The majority are not sick of it.  You do remember who won the popular vote?  The majority are sick of Trump and lies.
#tRump broke the law!He ignored the #Constitution By not consulting #Congress!His actions r a danger to #US.1 more strike against  #potus45
u mean like Obama did in Libya ???
You are in "The great asylum for the insane". Get out of your teepee and do something useful.
Haaaa God what a moron this women is, and people wonder why America is in decline...no mystery to me.
@co_rapunzel4 @pharris830 @Mooncatadams #Veterans #Law Assaud/Putin Assaud/Putin Assaud/Putin Go AHEAD, SAY it! You Treasonous COWARD
Resistance is futile...
Why am I financially responsible to defend every soul on the planet and when will this responsibility end?
Will YOU tell ISIS or shall I?
I know the rights and fighters loved that bomb MOAB but it did cost a half a million per head. If trup gets too big a high off this yikes
No it didn't you fool. The MOAB cost 170k total
Are any of your colleagues listening?
@Rhonda_Kinder FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 8 YEARS WE HAVE A 
COMMANDER IN CHIEF
WARREN HAS NO CLUE
GIVE ME
GIVE ME
GIVE ME
CLUELESS !!
Strategy: Maximize profits for WarProfiteers Goal: Line pockets of Execs with gold Plan: Destabilize Mideast sell weapons to All!
Seriously Elizabeth wake up & telll the Truth on this one!
please condemn the strikes
Great idea but sadly 45 has no strategy or clear goals about anything.  #Resist
Maybe we should just hug Isis or try talking calmly to these murderers. You did zip for years! You're useless!
For the survival of America just shut up Warren you are a fool
I guess the gassing of children is ok with you Dems. Obama didn't do shit when ppl were gassed under his watch instead he lied to us
Why so they can give the enemy a heads up...AMERICA's only as strong as weakest link & that's the leaky Dems & a few disgruntled Republicans
HYPOCRITE,POLITICAL OPPORTUNIST.Where was your outcry when Obama was bombing the Afghanis or Libya?
Blah, Blah , Blah, where is the substance for your ideas, all you do it complain. The usual rhetoric of Dems, no specifics just general BS
OK, I'm down w that. BUT what is Congress going to do to censure the unconstitutional strike already made????
Much like you did for all the bombings Obama did? I didn't see you speak up then you fraud.
Obama dropped the equivalent  of 3 MOABs on Afghan. daily in 2016.HYPOCRITES,where was your outcry then???
I wish they'd demand trump's impeachment instead.
cry baby,get over it or leave
We must get back2 russia- Syria has been there4 years- a truly elected pres wut American needs- @ this1 evidence exists 2 impeach lets do it
Impeachment does not remove from office look at Clinton it just ridiculous.
Impeach! We'll will take care of rest- Wouldnt U like 2C depth he went thru 2thro elec gave donor info2 russia-then 30fake news sites attakd
Have a nice day, i wont hold my breath, I accept the result of the elections.
I think so has the rest of the world- accepting and agreeing are two different items-
There is always a loser but life goes on. You don't have to agree it's done Obama has moved out of the WH and Hillary is at home.
No 1said life stopped as Obama & Hillary have lives- my concern is that russia has stepped N2R sovereign nation &makes a daily mockery of WH
What happened to take care of America first?  Again the working people, seniors & kids are being misplaced which is why #45 is in office now
Missed place where if I might ask?
Bad choice of words Angela, should have said we are placed at the bottom f totem pole again; being overlooked again
If you continue in that belief that is where you will sit and never advance because it someone's else's fault instead of yourself.
This was a shit show. He did make a lot of potholes. Obama went to congress & asked for authorization. GOP said nothing. 45 has no strategy
44 did not ask or get authorization for Libya,an inconvient truth??
Scream & demand this now!We will do the calling. Make him show up in person,explain his actions! #TrumpLeaks #TheResistance #impeachtrump #
COULDN'T AGREE MORE. DON THE CON MUST  EXPLAIN. STILL CAN'T BELIEVE HE'S STILL IN OFFICE HE'S BROKEN SO MANY PRECEDENTS SCOT-FREE. BASTARD
He doesn't have to explain a thing to you libtards,he's doing his job that we the people put him in to do.
The POTUS should demand that strategies and tactics be classified. Whenever Congress knows, the world knows. Leaders don't reveal plans....!
Liz, your " confused" about our strategy, let me help. We are killing the enemy before they kill us. Now 94 dead terrorists in Afgan. MOAB
Why? So u and ur Congress cronies can run and tell the NY Times or CNN that you don't agree, letting enemy know our strategy at same time?
The strategy is clear. You just can't understand it.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS is not going to broadcast his plan, goals or strategy so the enemy can plot against Obama was big on doing that
If the US really wanted to help, they stop supporting the terrorists that Assad is fighting with.
Did you ask that from Obamuslim? Hell no
You mean goals like you & @TheDemocrats set for Syria?  You contributed to the deaths of nearly 250k civilians & dropped +50k bombs!
So how many times did Obama seek approval to drop the thousands of bombs he dropped? Why are you afraid to defeat radical Islam?
Lizzie, Lizzie, Liz... strategy: Big plane goes ZOOM! bomb flies by WHOOSH! It lands and goes KA-FUCKING-BOOM! Bad guys go bye-bye.Simple!
Unlike Obama who wanted to arm and pay off our enemies maybe Trump actually has a strategy, Looney Elizabeth
I didn't hear you questioning Obama when he bombed a Doctors Without Borders Hospital
Hmm, here is the strategy.

Kill them all. Kill every last one of them. 

And then bomb them again, just to be certain they are dead
If you know better than #military. Join up fight in two wars and THEN develop strategy @sendems . Today's' #talking points r pointless
you had 8 years#failedadministration #failedparty
If you don't know the "strategy" then you clearly don't belong in the position you hold. You're a complete joke.
U Nor Congress are Commander in Chief, POTUS is!!!!  As Sun Tzu & famous Commanders thruout History have proven, they keep strategy SECRET
If Assad uses chem. weapons again he will get his ass spanked, not just a slap on the wrist...Pretty simple, but effective strategy.
What you talking about? Obama had no strategy. You did not bitch then!. Trump is not going to telegraph his strategy. He gave command to..
Just like you achieved the last 8 years. You cannot hide from the fact that nothing was done and millions dead or moved out. DEPLORABLE.
The president actually just let the world know there's a new sheriff in town, and the world agreed.
Unfortunately these a holes pretty much have carte blanche. #2018
And yet now we are bombing Afghanistan. Wtf!? Seriously what is happening up there in Washington? Get control back before we are all fucked!

how about not approving military action at all?
Think our MILITARY might have a strategy already? #FOOLWarren
Congress hasn't approved the first missile attack=war crime.
While we're at it, let's get Assad's approval too.  This way he'll know just how hard he can push us.
Did you demand one from Obama for all those drone strikes? Don't answer it's a rhetorical.
This is true because we never saw a plan over the last 8 years.
Yes
GOP hasnt had a clear plan on anything- From Healthcare to Syria-this is 1 inexperienced admin! DT,s only plan is golf every weekend #resist
They'll just follow the last admin strategy,  oh nevermind, they didn't have one.
Obama, Clinton,Kerry created this mess!
He has no stradegies!  Has no clue as to what the hell he's doing.  He's winging it!  He's a clown and we are paying the price... #scary
Don't forget a comprehensive time line and an "Exit strategy"!!!
And I am surprised you have not called the Tomahawk Missiles politically incorrect because they might offend America Indians! Support voters
The key word here is "additional"
Right! Like you guys could agree on anything...
Why do you care now??? You had 7 plus years to fix and did NOTHING. We should demand you not criticize someone who is doing something.
as if congress has the guts to approve military action anywhere or anytime. DT will use the military as his private army with or without you
They shouldn't do anything until presented before the house. You must make sure, it's scary right now and I don't frighten easily
They can ask, but they aren't going to get shit with Trump in the White House. Get real, this is the end of America :(
Unless the president is Obama. He can do whatever he wants.
That's like saying Curly and Larry need to demand better planning from Moe.
What was Obamas strategy? A fake red line that everyone pissed on?
I'm so embarrassed  for u
So...the Constitution matters to you here...but Gorsuch adhering to Constitution bothers you? CAN'T have it both ways lady. Typical liberal.
And so what if liberals didn't demand the same of Obama. Get over it.
No approval needed. Trump is done with sending a message....UNLESS and IF....then it goes from there. No big mouths to know details. Spies
that's funny I didn't see you call for this when Obama was in office
Never heard you say that when Øbama watched Syria fall apart. Mr. Red Line in the Sand. Øbama and Hillary are responsible for this disaster.
Time to grow up! #SNOWFLAKE WARREN. #RECALLWARREN
You have erased yourself from the American people.  You are clueless.
Your leadership tactics are weak!  The last 8 years have been a failure in leadership.
Wait for @POTUS 
Every person that ran likes to think they are now the Magi of DC.
would be convenient for you libs to get Assad out so you can built your pipeline and choke Russia's export into Germany
Congress has lost all credibility with American people. We laugh at you now. #Smh
president can declare war for 30 days without congressional approval. Didn't you go to Harvard? Try this....#Constitution
Man, NOW you care about police actions and waging war without congressional approval?
And the Chucky Tears Schumer puppet speaks.
Please hold steadfast, Senator!  We so need you to hold the White House accountable.  You and the other Dems must not lose heart! #resist
Or maybe congrats to Obama for 8 years of doing nothing...
Why are we not simply asking the people of Syria what they need us to do and coordinate with them?
NO! Congress and YOU need to focus on #Trumprussia Stop allowing him to change the narrative! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
What's your plan??
Yes and you should start leading instead of complaining!!
Did you expect the same from Obama when he invaded Libya w/o Congressional approval and had our ambassador killed? Hypocrites!
Or we could just NOT go to war with yet another middle eastern country that hasn't attacked us. How about we spend our tax $$ @ home? #NOWAR
Yes keep fighting for us in Massachusetts
Like they wanted from Prez Obama!!
Agree
That's great but you wouldn't understand or accept it anyway. #partisanhack
The LAW needs to stop him. @ElizabethWarren he is going for nuclear war. He needs to be stopped.
But Trump never asked for Congress approval. He just did it on a fucking whim. He thinks he is the King of America and can break laws.
Regrettably you have no credibility!!! Further your judgement is suspect!!!
The same congress that did nothing under obozo the clown for 8 years. Ya, good plan.
Where was the outrage the last 8 years while we've been in 7 Middle Eastern conflicts, 6 initiated by Obama?  Hypocrisy
If Trump went to congress with his plan, we'd still be sitting and waiting
Does that mean the Presidency isn't really a strategic smorgasbord?
Pres Trump will follow the laws,rules& what every he needs 2 do. He did exactly what he was suppose 2 do. Hopefully Syria leader will listen
Really Poco? Have you heard something the rest of the world hasn't it? He knows he needs congress for future action fool! Shutup!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @POTUS & @GOP is being watched very closely by the world. Don't fuck this up!
Why didn't you make these same demands of inaction?  What goals were achieved while you stood by as the DNC rigged a primary?
And Warren comes in with the idiot tweet once again!
Congress can't extract its collective head from its rectum.
Ok, so he broke the rules...What now?  can we get him out? or does he get another slap on the pee pee and be allowed to continue his rule.
After 8 years with no strategy - now Lizzie wants a strategy?
Don't forget a plan to get us out.
Thus is all a smokescreen, Trump already gave Putin Syria and Ukraine #DumpTrump #Trumprussia #TaxReturns
Republican's don't think they have to answer to the American people.We should not be at #war,G.W#Lied &#Skunk 
#lies all the time, no trust!
I don't want this psychopath getting the approval of any military action. But then again, most of my congress members lust for war! Shame!
Agreed But I Think
Trump Will Strike When
He Wants To 
Everyone And Everything 
Be Dammed
no waste of time fighting with you NO ON EVERYTHING MTGS while more children being killed he acted unlike OBAMA which is why this happened
Let's bring attention back to #Trumprussia & an #IndependentInvestigation . Please keep fighting loud and clear, we've got your back #resist
USA's war mongering knows no bounds. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, yet we bomb Assad who fights our supposed #1 enemy ISIS. Pathetic.
See, your first mistake was in thinking Trump has any actual clear goal or plans for anything beyond rolling back Obama accomplishments.
Leave Mr president hold the wheel and enjoy the ride .Mr Trump is tough president .
Thank you, Senator Warren, for being a voice of reason in unreasonable times.
Bomb the crap out of them and be done with it
GOP isn't going to lift a finger. As much respect as I have for you and other Dems ,you are clutching onto false hope. Time to play hardball
What about the scandal of Trump's ties to Russia? You do know this attack on Syria is just a distraction. Trump needs to go #Trumprussia
Something like the plan Obama cooked up to deal with Syria? Do nothing and pretend everything is fixed? Great idea
Make sure to show up to work then,
Sorry but the president can do what he chooses in this situation and there's nothing you can do about it. Stop trying to control him
He can bomb Hanoi and mine Haiphong in case he needs a strategy. Reckless and vacuous
45 cares only about himself and his ratings! This is just another deflection from his collusion with Russia. #impeach45
But he didn't get approval for this, so it appears that that the law and due process have been suspended in the U$.
How about we the people demand that you start acting like a Senator and actually legislate instead of continuing your subversive rhetoric!
While I do agree, Senator Warren, I feel his actions Friday spoke volumes of our resolve to "Speak softly and carry a big stick", as it were
Congress is an f'n mess. You guys don't get shit done. You appease you servants by giving them free shit that we can afford! Defund illegals
Be sure to 'Snapchat' congressional approval or otherwise wiretap charges are possible
Senator - remember your a Senator not just for Massachusetts but for all the people.
lol...the only thing you ever voted YES on was to give yourself a raise. They could be bombing US and you would still vote NO. #RESISTANCE
I didn't realize you were done crying racist, sexist, & whatever shameless pathetic excuse for a strategy you used to get your last 10 secs
I'M SURE GLAD UR NOT COMMANDER IN CHIEF!!  At best, you'd be another Obama, & make us a laughing stock 2 the world (especially our enemies)!
Dems perpetuating the Russian illusion, are interfering with the Presidents ability to deal directly with Putin.  This ties America's hands.
I suppose just "no" is not an option you consider.
Finally, Americans demand Congress discloses, after an entire year of Rice surveillance on Trump admin., there is no evidence of Russians.
Congress must demand to know, was Obama being briefed on the information she was acquiring illegally?  Also, her reasons for unmasking?
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @CoryBooker @RepLoBiondo @SenatorMenendez stop trump illegal military actions
Congress must demand, Susan Rice be brought before a grand jury 2 explain why she had then prvt citizens Trump & Flynn under surveillance?
also wtf how do we know hes not making money off this? TAX RETURNS ETC
Ok, so start the debate in Congress.

...if only there were a Senator around...
Congress can't even get along with itself, nobody wants to trust them with world issues.  World issues require swift, decisive action.
I agree, but that's not what @GovHowardDean is spouting off against @TulsiGabbard What do Democrats stand for WAR or PEACE?
Shut up Elizabeth! Trump was right by taking action. Maybe this wouldn't have happened again if Obama did something. You are a joke!
Congress needed to be informed BEFORE military action. Bust his ass!
Why didn't you ask the same thing of Obama when he used all the drones and air bombing ?
Like Donna Brazile did when she fed Hillary debate questions?Obama should have already taken care of this! Wimps!
AGREE ABSOLUTELY!!!!
slick lizzie
Yes, of course, known by those who have a need to know so it's not broadcasted. @SpeakerRyan
Should have had a damn plan before he went in all gung ho
That's Obama's failed technique letting ISIS know 3 months before we do something what we're going to do and expecting positive results! Dem
Or the CHLORINE GAS.. a choking agent that burns lungs,esophagus,dermis(es) and cannot process oxygen. NOBODY SHOULD ENABLE USE OF ANY CHEMS
