Yesterday, @realDonaldTrump signed orders that could make it harder to rein in "too big to fail" financial firms.
Then @realDonaldTrump ordered a review of tax rules corporations find “burdensome,” like a crackdown on tax-dodging corporate inversions.
.@realDonaldTrump’s actions in his first 100 days have shown his tough talk against Wall Street and big corporations was just that: all talk
Everything he does is bad, every person he hires is a crook, and he's consolidating power to shut we, the people out of government.
You have lost your fucking mind. POTUS is the best hope we have to break cycle of crooks that took your mind prisoner. Fake news isn't new!
Amazing lack of Intelligence. This fake Indian would have died in the woods if she had to actually be one. Native American my a..!
If you had one ounce of Indian in you would understand that your comrades are afraid of the truth about Hillary.
Does it make U feel proud that U & Ur cohorts have turnedUr supporters into simpleminded nobodies B4 they had an opportunity to achieve?
Keep your eye on BIT-COIN lots of money from everywhere being stashed there!!
@realDonaldTrump not himself these days. Things are catching up to him as lies & corruption do. I notice it's harder to complete sentences.
Didn't you just pose with the statue paid for by a big Wall Street firm with only 5 female execs?
That's all you can dig up?

#Warren2020
You mean besides the fact she endorsed the candidate who accepted money from big Wall Street firms over the candidate who didn't?
The establishment candidate that's actually a member of the party?  I'm glad you're not finding actual controversies.
Overseas profits? Ask your buddy, Hillary can share some of her profits with ya!  #Clinton Foundation

He's a billionaire. He deserves to golf, he's done incredible things the first 100 days, way better than Obama had done in 8yrs
Like what?
Consumer confidence, drop of illegal immigration, military actions, standing up to N. Korea, veteran benefits, and so much more
Consumer confidence, while retailers are closing left and right.
Could be that he doesn't know he's actually been elected yet! This was him minutes ago:
@SenWarren  and please add this obsession w/campaigning and taking in "campaign donations"that are funneling into his properties
(money laundering or just plain old fraud?) To the growing list of issues that need addressed,
Like Clinton?
Your response is known as "whataboutism", a defective response insinuating that it's ok bc someone else is believed to have done it.
The only purpose it serves is as a diversion, as it does not address current events with a sitting leader of the United States.
Bringing up Clinton is beating a dead horse, and does nothing to preserve our Constitution. If anything, it threatens it, bc you are
Defending what would be illegal activities, if accurate.
Do U really want 2 comment on #POTUS & #WallStreet when #Obama is making a sweet little deal w/them?! Oh wait-that is UR man so..oh well.
And your beloved Hillary promised to ... oooops, she lost. Yeah, right!
You mean obama and that 400k speech? Hypocrisy.
Manwhile.. all your 'friends' are cashing in big for Wall Street speeches. 
You all have GOT to get some new ideas.
@SenSanders Close #CarriedInterest Loophole #StillSanders #MAGA
I agree Senator Warren, all talk and no work!!! @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
Maybe @BarackObama will put them in their place when he speaks at an event, for $400k, in September.
I hope that was tongue in cheek
Very much so.
How does someone that makes $200k/yr as a politician have a net worth of $15mil?  Can you release your tax returns from the past 20 years?
And Obama goes to Wall Street to speak for a HUGE fee. You liberal DemocRATS are hypocrites and liars. You make me sick.
You know lady, YOU and Dems are the problem why this country is so divided. Grow up and work together for WE THE PEOPLE, NOT YOU THE A-HOLES
You ARE one of the 3 stooges. Who the hell votes your lying ass in?  Who believes someone who says they are Amer Indian. Geez
What have you done lately?
At least we know he isn't on the take like you. No one owns him! Can you say the same, Liz?
.@SenWarren lied to America about her heritage. Untrustworthy and a disgrace as a Senator.  She gets an F from real America.
How does the queen white privilege talk about this stuff. You not only used your white privilege you lied about being a minority
He is the alligator in the swamp.
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
And you said you would stand up for your  constituents but instead stand up for illegal immigrants who you view as future votes !

Stupid comes naturally to 45.
Maybe he will get around to doing that! 
??????????
Instead he hired all those creeps!
Like you guys did something worthwhile? Who are you kidding? Look at stats on what you did. Hypocrites, all of you!
Hi how are you doing?
SUCH A LIBERL LEFT LIAR YOU ARE JEALOUS BECAUSE POTUS IS GETTING THINGS DONE INSPITE OF YOUR PETTINESS & STUPIDITY THE PEOPLE KNOW WHATS UP
I love you @SenWarren #massholesrule
What happened to 90 day Cyber Security promise not met? IGNORED BY MEDIA! @gmanews supports Trump @CNNPolitics
He is all over the place and Wall Street is all over the government!
Your cronies, hillary, Pelosi, Sorros,  podesta, and you are a bunch of Alinsky, brainwashed power hungry trolls. You are not patriots.
Like you never flip flopped and aren't owned by wall street your damn self
@TulsiGabbard 2020! The only one untarnished by the DNC.
I'm am a well educated white Christian man. I'm not racist, not stupid & I didn't lie on college application about my race.Double standards
That's right!
For trump and his cronies it's all about collecting the green stuff. #resist
He talked big to sucker into the mind of those who wanted to hear those exact words but had no clue he's a fake.
DJT and his cabinet remind me of wolves circling the herd, salivating over fresh meat.
Desperate is not attractive. Your corrupt friend lost. Get over it and move on
@realDonaldTrump 100 days NOTHING accomplished, all talk, lies, sad.
Well I'm sooo glad yawl have after all your years of getting rich!  What a hoppocrat! You know you looks like a fruit cake? Right?
You you pochontis
Tax shelters for Billions from his Family Business... Sad
DJT PROMISED TO DRAIN THE SWAMP, HE IS THE SWAMP! HE PROMISED A WALL AND MEXICO WILL PAY, NOW THEY WILL PAY LATER! HE IS A LIAR OR ILL!
Elizabeth Warren is a HATEFUL NUMSKULL
@co_rapunzel4 @Mooncatadams #Veterans Wondering which Birdie Sings FIRST?
Carter Page
Paul Manafort
Roger Stone
Mike Flynn
Erik Prince
Ur a do nothing Senator, what have u done? Where are ur accomplishments besides posing as part Indian 2 gain an advantage over others.
@co_rapunzel4 @pharris830 @pannlewis44 @CitizensFedUp #IRS #CIA #Veterans #Law Somebody's Gonna Kiss The Donkey! http://www.palmerreport.com/politics/flipped-rudy-giuliani-donald-trump/2337/ …
That's what con artists do. Talk a great game then take you for everything.
Doesnt Killary talk worse than Trump ?? Look what she has done... Terrible....
YeA, I heard you had a book for sale?
The only Don the Con is doing is making sure he can move his $$ overseas and pay no taxes.
L M A O
#TrumpRussia #FollowTheMoney
. there's Gusto when Liz Speaks along with Resistance Movement.Democrats has http://Leaders.Media.ln.is/zpodN  need to stop making unfounded statement
This is the Person who make Donald Trump Nerves, Speak out http://more.You  unravels him.Hillary.Liz.Rosie,makes him Shake
goofy, u will never ever be president, MA dont even like you
Yeah, right!!!!
Well, to be fair, he DID stand up to them. He stood up and offered them a spot in his Cabinet.
And you know that how? Got an account at the same bank?
He is the Commander in Chief of the Swamp.
With that whinny voice I can't imagine you standing up to anything.
You let Wells Fargo Happen!!
Time for you to retire.
Didn't you say you were an Indian
no more politians no more elections ! Self driving cars & self govern ! Time for egovern !
Hey Liz, you should read up a little more on economics.
Time for you to retire.
You are so unbelievable negative. A do nothing politician.
Warren with all your Super PACS and Special Interest Groups you need to start Practicing what you're preaching.
Lowest Ratings since the Gerardo and Al Capone Vaults!! So Sad! 53% Of America Says Your A Loser!  Winning yeah Ok! U Oil Snake Salesman!
Agreed.  The world now knows that @realDonaldTrump and his associates are immoral liars #TrumpLiesMatter #GOPLiesMatter #ImpeachTrump
Honest question, do you do anything else besides bash @realDonaldTrump ? Glad I'm not a Massachusetts tax payer having to pay your salary!
How long can the Trump fans hold onto his complete failure to adhere to or abide by even ONE of his campaign promises? He's a big fat liar.
He isn't a candidate....POTUS
Just another republican liar 
Washington establishment HATES that he isn't part of "the game." Best President we've had in years!!! Keep up the good work Mr. President!!!
Do you mean the ones in your POCKET?
He can't stand up to them when he is the one doing it. #hypocrite
I think he meant building a wall, standing on a street, and gaming with big companies overseas. He's not good with #Words. Or #Truthiness.
Ms Warren, lets look at YOUR bank accounts shall we?
Tells us what u have done over the years ?
Candidate @realDonaldTrump said a lot of things that president dickless isn't following through with. What's congress/senate doing about it?
You are a FRAUD! Do your job stop pointing fingers! You look like a BABY!
Caption shod read, Fat, bloated billionaire with awful form takes obscene no. Of Mulligans, cheats @ golf
Aidan Nash welcome to our exclusive club of Troglodytes for Trump!  Take care of your knuckles!
Trump is a participant n stashing and making profits from overseas!DJT may also b a traitor 2 US w/Russian debts
@AC0040 @realDonaldTrump ALL HIS BUSINESSES ARE OVERSEAS IN OTHER COUNTRIES.ASK HIM WHY HIS COMPANIES AREN'T HERE.HE USES THE PPL
go away warren,  you're a fraud
just as @potus is
I'm sad anyone believed @realDonaldTrump would stop tax shelters when it has them. Drumpf needs to leave office, its cabinet, too
Don BSed his way to a win; not he is bending over to get support for the next go round
We knew he would not. That would slash his profits. He is one of them.
-.- @realDonaldTrump is a lying, bully, xenophobic, racist, elitist, flip flopper, no empathy, greedy  #bigot #pervert #diabolical #ontape
Question is Liz... what are you doing about it...?
Amazed how Trump can stand with a straight face 
U'd think his hair would have fallen out from all his LIES 
He's not a joke anymore, he's called potus. How? Why? And how will you effect immeadiate change of those facts? We need help, not just talk.
Agreed, but you also supported Hillary at the time Trump was a candidate. You had a choice, you went with the weak candidate.
Lie, you're all negativity. Nothing more. How about some solutions instead of your usual hate speech?
I LOVE  SEN WARREN . .  THANK YOU from L.A.. . I
Well you been there in senate forever and done nothing about this just like potus said all talk but no action for folks like you
Remember when you were Native American? #maga
Like he does right!? #HypocriteTrumo
You'll never get re-elected big mouth
Insane Senator
What did y'all get Obummer to do? Zilch!!
He did not standing up against them Lizzy, he meant standing with them! The wY he expresses himself is just difficult to understand!!!
But what REAL changes are the Dems prepared to make so there's a actual choice?
Yea and your Pocahontas!!! 
Exactly he's just going to ruin Wall Street all for the rich guys forget Middle Americans always the all mighty buck! It will fail
Shows you how easily misled his followers are. They'd believe ANYTHING!
Hence zombies brain dead they do not realize he's hurting them and everyone unquified garbage
What is sad is next time Wall St fails, what will be he outcome and will we be fighting several wars at the same time. Dangerous times.
Why can't you stop being so political and try working together-
I LIVE IN OHIO ANYTHING I CAN DO TO GET YOU AS OUR NEXT REAL POTUS I WILL!!
I CANT WAOT TO VOTE FOR YOU IN 2020
I'm not sure one could find truth in anything that spills out of his lying mouth!
#BuildTheWall and #WallStreet... one and the same... When will we ever learn?
He lies lies lies, and gullible people believed him, now we are stuck with this incompetent delusional liar.
Trump lied about that to his supporters and they aren't concerned.
Why don't u just shut up POTUS TRUMP has done more for America since January 20th than you're whole party has in the last 30 years.
Instead if complaining all the time why don't you do something in congress. You were elected to do something. You don't do anything!
Maybe @realDonaldTrump was upset they didn't include him? #ImpeachTrump
Thanks for bring this up. Glad to see u n Trump getting  along on this. I can only hope u 2 will find more common ground.
Candidate??? He's your president goofy And I want you on the wall that faces Mexico not Wall ST in case you didn't get that one either
I wished that you would go on the other side of that wall and look up and stay on the other side while looking up
Warren, you lie about everything, still other women politician quotes, sit back in congress and do nothing but obstruct! You are a nihilist!
And you lied and said your Indian, Potus has accomplished more in 100 days than you have in your hole career. Resign Now!!! #termlimits
has one of the most popular tweets to @realDonaldTrump today - via http://PolitiTrends.com 
Mental illness CONTROLS TRUMP. SEES & HEARS NOTHING OUTSIDE OF HIS HEAD. YOU GET BETTER RESPONSE FROM BRICK WALL
Like to see where his profits are being stashed. If there is a way to avoid taxes I'm sure his profits are overseas. Didn't pay for 15 yrs?
Just like you running for president in 2020 hahaha now that is laughable not to say the least insane thing I ever heard Good one
Democracy is the victim of a silent coup. Trump surrounds himself with family/ Generals. He removing all efforts of Govt transparency. SCARY
Elizabeth talks about big money hypocrite  she is being back by lobbyist insane activist  to act out in a insane way .Your a joke to Mass
I can now see why people in your own party thinks your manic bipolar you outlook are no better than Hitler, Putin , Charles Manson ,Castro 
WTF have you done besides flap you lips?  Give me one benefit of you being an elected official...you are a fraud, like Bernie! @McMintyMP
- yep, and that all happened during the 8 years you and Obama were in charge!!
Hate you give up your the worst women ever
And what is your message 4 the country? Everyone that doesn't agree with your message is a racist! #Intolerant hypocrite
It's time for you to stand up and do something besides complain and point fingers
?! His own company is one of the worst.
His supporters are the ones who ended up getting trumped
Bluster and Bluff...that's all hes got.  Totally lacking in knowledge and not interested in learning.  Just here to steal $$$
As you can see by who's in the White House you just made a huge mistake!
@kathid_d @realDonaldTrump Yeh like he has room to talk with all those LLC's every where. Trump=Capt Obvious for liars.
That's awesome you just called half of this country racist on @MSNBC @maddow and you think you're going to run for @potus? 
Well we all know that is malarkey coming from Trump.
chief notaninjun has many big teepees, wears fancy beaver pelts and has much money all on a senators income.  she is like bernie, a fraud
He has already carried out many promises that caused us to elect him. Build UP the USA instead if Obama tearing it down!!
Same old tired crap all you Radicals use bc you know ppl stupid enough to believe.  Why don't you tell ppl what YOU have & do!
Ur unhinged
