am I missing something? 500 a year = $42 a month. For 1 at 10 an hour that's 5 hours a month
the article says average of $500 a year, in some cases as much as $1500 a year... worth reading for the summary
it is not an increase because they are already paying it. It's not decreasing the premium further which is smart to keep the FHA solvent.
You are ok w/ DJT saying he is for the working class and then on day 1 reducing a benefit to help
3) Cutting the rate actually risked ability for others in the future for low D/P loans because MIP not flush with cash if inc. in defaults
this should not be the 1st reversal on his list. Maybe findng add funding could have been a goal.
that's funny, I just had a friend approved for his first home loan today.
yeah, thanks Obama
hey Barrack did great things for low income. No complaints here.
sorry if I misinterpreted. It's one of those kind of days
This also affects those who aren't "risky" like myself. Raising payments is what makes it "risky." How can you defend this?
I'm definitely not "risky."  just angry that he begins by advocating for the banks, not the people.
More so than you.
I think she meant to say that 40Kpeople won't get the taxpayers to buy them a house now,or maybe40K criminal illegals have to go now
I paid $7988 in federal taxes last year and I have an FHA loan. How much did you pay?
don't know without looking, but I know my net pay is about 65% of my gross, course that includes mandatory insurance
How many were able to buy in last 8 years? Yea that's what I thought.
No more punching down on the working class. Time to punch back via gov't office http://jmcam80.wixsite.com/jmcussenate 
I don't care if you want to pretend you are Native.. But to talk like a Campy TV western Native American is offensive !! Stop it!
Well if we had a robust Department of Housing and Urban Development....oh, wait
and 100,000 more will have the opportunity to buy one without crippling taxes and regulation. Give up.
Elizabeth Warren yes immigration does make us a stronger country, legal immigration
And their chances got better, @SenWarren by going along with approving @RealBenCarson as HUD Secretary? #hesnotqualified
NO THAT WAS OBAMA, SENDING MORTGAGES OVER SEAS, TO FORECLOSE ILLEGALLY ON AMERICANS HOMES, WAKE UP DOPE
You must be very gullible to believe that baloney. People who hate Obama lie about him
i WENT THRU THAT OBAMA LOAN, DID YOU?  WHAT DID IT COST YOU, SO CHILL OUT, WAKE UP!
Did someone trick you into a bad, shady loan & tell you it was an "Obama loan"?  If so, my sympathies.
to be fair most first time buyers are millennials and we are too far in debt to by a home. #teamrentingforever
ew y'all sorry--buy* lol
.@SenWarren yet you still voted to instate Ben Carson, who you have said, has little to no experience with HUD. Pls explain yourself.
WHAT IS THE PLAN???

HAVING A POTUS WHO OPENLY LIES TO AMERIAN PPL IS NOT OKAY!

@SenWarren @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Senator Warren please quit lying to people. Is not affected any new homeowners from getting loans
It's part of the Make America Rent Again plan.
@Corollagirl196 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  That's 'cuz he cares so much about the little people! He only helps the rich.
Hopefully Pence becomes the 46th President next week  ,impeach now
impeach? You're wildly misinformed. You can't impeach because you don't agree with him.
Why do you spread such nonsensical lies and bullshit, Warren?
Keep following the money! You are exceptional & will be regarded in history as one of our greatest American heros! Thank you!
@TheresaSchroe14 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump you should  ha pve backed Bernie! !  Bernie woulda won!  You &rest of the crooked dems
Trump hasn't been started yet, take a powder break and go count your Soros Money Senator Warren.
@Core_Integrity @POTUS @realDonaldTrump what's up pocihontus
Maybe you could bring that up with Ben Carson, that tool you would vote for? He seems to know a lot. Yeah
40,000 family's who were kept from claiming bankruptcy.
AGAIN, HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
The man hasn't been to work yet. 

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Yo-ho-ho he took a bite of Gum-Gum!
As President Trump would say,Wrong!
@matthewstoller @POTUS @realDonaldTrump we are closing on Tuesday, this will cost us an extra $37 per month x 360 months

sojourner, you really are a leftist, scialist loon! No wonder yall lost badly!
No use trying to convince Trump sheep - they will follow him off of a cliff.
Your thinking is what has caused the foreclosures of 2008. One needs to earn a home by hardwork. Not by Gov handouts! Stop It!
LIES
absolute crap

no one is trying to take any Rights away from women..
@realDonldTrump citizens groups held more disabled vets then the gov. We give 37.5 billions in foreign aid. America first
I wonder how many enemies will be born as a result of his global gag order?
how can we stop this beast from destroying our country and our people?
No. #ObamasLegacyOfFailures caused LOWEST Home Ownership since 1959!Can't LIE to USA citizens any longer!
tell the truth Pocahontas. The rule didn't go into effect yet. The fund is low and needs to be more funded. No one benefited yet.
Also hurting mortgage companies who then have less work and have to resort to layoffs.
since when do you care abt anyone but yourself you loud mouth left wing loon? You made a fortune off of foreclosures
STFU
SPreading lies and dramatizing issues to cause hate. That is all dem/lib can do
U clearly need glasses as you just described your clown #illegitimatepotus Trump. Weak bud! Read ur 1st book. 
How about you give up one of your beautiful houses for a struggling family and make it $39,999 Elizabeth!@realDonaldTrump
shut up Elizabeth! No one cares what you think. Just shhhhhhhhhut up!
if $500/yr is stopping ppl from getting a home.. maybe, just maybe they aren't ready in the first place.
LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIELIE LIE LIE LIE LIE!!
@aplsmith5 @POTUS Sadly, a lot of those people will have voted for the guy who puffs that he'll make America "great" again.
Sadly so, Abigail; God bless, Andy :-)
#IBM @FoxBusiness took peoples home without even doing HAMP  you passed
Now is the time for Sen Warren to step aside & for Mass to provide a Senator who represents patriotism
pocahontas running her mouth again...
lies as usual
Lol government for the people, the man is a fraudster elected on lies,racism,sexism & insults
good if they cant afford it maybe this time democrats wont collapse the housing market
What are you talking about. 8 years of liberalism is what has destroyed America and its dream.
Warren for President.
president Trump = calamity Trump as far as I am concerned!  Alex Overfeldt, Bruges (hellhole)city Belgium
this is infuriating  #togetherwearestronger #TogetherWeStand
A little torn by this. Welfare will just inflate prices without rentier clawbacks in place.
Why not just have cheaper homes? #LVT

Ur mistaken Pres Trump lifted the ridiculous HUD restriction put in place by Pres Obama now more can afford a home! Stop lying !!
WHICH PARTY HAS THE RIGHT SOLUTIONS FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS.
EXPANDING THE MIDDLE CLASS. WHITE PICKETT FENCES.
Really, when he danced with his wife or when dessert was served last night
Obama did this knowing it would get rolled back to give you liars a talking point. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump

Dear @UN & @NATO

Liberal America did not abandon you…
JUST STOP!!!!
you are not telling the truth!!!
WRONG! Everyone has a chance to buy a home. Personal responsibility works, not government assistance. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Yep ,40,000 won't be able 2 buy home.He's working & taking care of ppl,one of the first bills he signed:(
sadly I know someone affected by this who voted 3rd party & is a vet. And so, it begins.
Ought to be reviewed. @GOP
Stop Spreading Lies
yup. Great i really like when a possibility becomes even harder. Fuck trump.
Lies, the cut is suspended not reversed and nobody is paying more, they're all paying the same as before
while @KellyannePolls tells us about all the low income families suffering for 8 years. And this? Really?
@respectinc @POTUS @realDonaldTrump he won't be for long the way he's going . Release your tax returns ! Lying potus
Yeah, that's exactly how real estate moguls get it done!
Run for prez mom!  http://www.ebay.com/itm/162335699556 …
@matthewstoller @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Slam Glass Steagall and single payer health down the throat of Donald...
@matthewstoller because reinflating the false bubble that caused the biggest housing crash in history is a better idea
How many of them voted for the con? I hope all!
@Thom_Hartmann @POTUS @realDonaldTrump please run for potus !
But he ordered some new missiles - save abi there, spend over there.
Obama couldve enacted anytime over his 8yrs BUT he waited until he left to make it look like Trumps issue
@Thom_Hartmann @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Please push this issue. The MSM is ignoring this.
How? Or is this prophesy?
thank you for standing up!! The fight has just begun!!!
@Thom_Hartmann @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Less competition for Real Estate. Robber Barons are all about destroying competition.
that's a fucking lie, fauxcahontas
More democratic propaganda.  Think about the famous lies that preceded. They R corrupt, playing U.
Garbage loans, risky loans is exactly what took down the RE market.  Senator promotes risky business.
Obviously, these financial decisions R too difficult for the senator 2 digest.This is why we crashed 2008
I respect that POTUS is already strengthening our government backed loans. Can't pay claims w/o insurce
If the cost of mortgage insurance killed the deal 4 these families, then they were already reaching. Risk
wipes out that inauguration speech BS about the little guy being forgotten. Always says 1 thing does opp
What R U referring 2?  I remember being losing my home 2 the Obama administration. IRRESPONSIBLE!
Yea, dt and the gop r for the people.. the 1% that is... and he is part of the 1%. dt lied to his voters and the American people. "Very sad"
warren your lips are moving meaning you're lying
you still living in that sub Prime era. Good to know.
you should probably focus on keeping the seats you have!! Buh bye!!
Breaking - Great Cherokee Chief Warren to donate part of her multi-million $ fortune to alleviate suffering of American families
In other news, 10,000 homeless people were killed because of @SenWarren. See, other people can make up stuff, too.
fake news
shit!
:(
according to Palmer report  on Facebook says Donald Trump tells CIA that he may start a war with Iraq just to get their oil.
Yeah, right, Lizzy, try on one that might fly, snowflake!
SHAME on Trump! Party of Principles! Step on the working class while cutting taxes for the rich! Shame
Liar Warren.
He has not a clue#justapuppet
Those 40,000 families can afford a $200,000 home but can't afford either more than 5% down or an extra $41/month for insurance?
Obama had 8 years to do this... why did HE WAIT SO LONG??? your missing the picture here?!?!
That's a subprime bubble that won't form and burst that you'll then blame on the banks/Republicans.
Ppl should only buy homes they can afford.
you're really showing your Native American ignorance, oh wait. .....
@cberrl @POTUS @realDonaldTrump they were gonna be.bad loans anyway
You are concerned about less than .15% of the US population? 40,000 US people?
wind bag
Tell the American people, how you made money flipping foreclosed homes,on the backs of people's misfortunes.
Whaaat? he's been #POTUS less than 48hrs. AMAZING!! We'll be living on Mars soon! 
still lying!
Why didn't you back Bernie? #FeelTheBern
Would you rather give the FHA another 1.7 billion dollar bailout, if the housing market goes south again?
@fishangelbless @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 2020! Fact
He is self righteous pig. He doesn't care about America ppl
seems like a gift to the banks. Why such a high priority ?
work hard save your money buy a home that's how it gets done. Go back into your fantasy world EW
yay about time
where are your numbers there you pick them out of a hat carpet muncher
Me too, I'm here to fight back too.
I am offended, on behalf of my young son who will be a first-time homeowner
The dream comes with hard work and fiscal responsibility.Not the government helping put me in a bad position
I lived In Mass and moved to NH to find affordable housing in my budget
People should not be taking out mortgages they can't afford.I worked two jobs for years to get 20% down
Risky mortgages were the problem with the financial crisis last time.Pmi is needed on less than 20% down.
How do you know such a specific number?
Bullshit. They will just have to save a bit longer like I did.
actually Im not very big at all but I own big stuff cause I worked hard, saved my money and bought it.
His is such a jerk !
That's devastating @SenWarren please maintain the rage and support!
you have to wonder what % of those 40,000 voted for mr orange
pls take him down. I LOVE how tough as nails you are. We NEED your strength more than ever!
Millions more will be able to qualify to buy a home with better incomes!! You think very small!!!
We need you now! Help us keep fighting!
@cavegirljones @POTUS @realDonaldTrump How exactly?
All u snowflakes need to grow up.We lived thru Obama's shit u will live thru this n 4 yrs u can try again
#lieahontas
How so?
E. Warren, you are crazy and a liar. No such thing has or will happen. Your socialist ideas are wrong!
Teepee
I agree. But with Ur choice,Globalist Hillary, 300+million Americans would no longer own any land at all
