If Churches are going to promote and endorse Political Candidates THEY BETTER  LOSE THEIR TAX EXEMPT STATUS  STOP the #POTUS
why? they have been doing it for years, who cares? freedom of speech and religion. Congregants can tell clergy to stop if they want to.
How about defending our companies from being forced into subsidising other counties on the backs of the American consumer?
Legalize marijuana then
Which can best be fought by sealing our borders.
How do you tweet this and a day later say that the AHCA will "rip" money away. Money from taxpayers is not the answer, you have no answers
The opioid epidemic stops at the border, the very thing you are against Warren, you hypocrite
its a lost cause. a generation of whites hooked on it. just go to other ways to get it.
How about holding the #pharmaceutical corporations #FDA #AMA accountable - who STILL hand out #OxyContin like candy creating #dead addicts
Please, you negotiated nothing. None of you did, this was the plan you were offered my 10 million, so I guess you fought for that 10 million
Sorry but if someone gets hooked on opioids it's their own fault! Tough luck
More waste and corruption
Aggressive is good.  Over-prescription and "side-effects" prescription are doubling down on this, effecting a startling percentage.
stop showing pills show the real problem "heroin" instead real patients are being treated like addicts
people on heroin use pills to make there heroin last longer stop misleading like trump does
Opioid epidemic is responsibility of #Pharma. They keep giving the stuff away to doctors. #BigPharma is tobacco of the 90's.
It's a cure for opioid withdrawal pain increase. Once opioid tolerance happens, more isn't effective. There're alts.
Opioids are such a major problem while republicans are focused on stopping marijuana
No they aren't. Most republicans ignore the marijuana issue.
This was sponsored by Trump! Not demwits who do nothing!
If you are so concerned about the opioid crisis why not work to revamp workman's comp?   they doll out addictive drugs like candy.
Admitting the war on drugs has failed.....free. For  everything else there's cca.
Pres.Trump had already started fighting 4 the opioid epidemic.It wasn't your idea. U r just going along with the fight.  Good 4 you
This phrasing is misleading. Heal the dependency by addressing its causes. Habits that are destructive need to be  recognized and healed.
I thought Dems hated the drug war....
Why don't you stop being an activist and do your job in Massachusetts
Yep I can hear Squaw woman now give me money for my war chest and I will back off..isn't that right Squaw woman Warren???
As always your only answer is to throw money
And please legalize marijuana so those of us with intense chronic pain have a non-opioid option
Stop demonizing opioids. Addiction is a psychiatrist problem not caused by pain medications. Millions take them and don't get addicted. 
Addiction is physical AND psychological...(not psychiatrist) even those who don't abuse them will go through withdrawals if they quit
Withdrawal is normally not an issue when patients don't abuse meds or physicians aren't over rxing. 
And that is reality.
They suffer from pain and opioids are the safest, most effective and inexpensive medications for pain relief.
Addiction requires an individual to abuse the drug by taking more than rxed...
You are really talking about "dependency" which I quite different from addiction. Nothing intrinsically wrong with dependency...
We have such a bad problem w opiods. If we can figure out how to combat it we can help them lead a decent life
Excuse me! You apparently do NOT know anything abt it
No but those are people who should have it. Then there's ppl like my bro whose addicted to heroin because of pain pills. He didn't need them
But not necessarily true. One can turn into an addict without realizing it. Ppl in pain daily who these are meant for it different
Typically treatment /relapse ltc treatment costs 300k. 100 mil treats 333 ppl... 
NOT EVEN IN THE BALLLPARK!
Government gets $100 Million, wastes $99.9 Million, $100k does nothing.  Government fails again.
How bout u and other pharma cronies stop taking payments to allow pharma to poison americans? Bribery is a felony
Opiod epidemic is a national security issue. When it is harder to import drugs than make here we start to win that war.
I luv this lady
...but then you have an idiot like our dear AG who considers marijuana only slightly less dangerous than heroin.
You're going after the wrong end of the problem which is chronic pain. Fix it, opioid abuse goes away.
How about 100 million for the treatment of chronic pain?  End-of-life agony?
Did you consider the medical community may be responsible for all the opiod addictions? They prescribe too frequently, too strong.
My brother took his own life due directly to opioid use!
Funny how when it's poor white people who are addicts, the solution stops being hiring cops and throwing them into prison...
I read your interview in the Guardian. I'm very disappointed on your view of Prez Obama and his 400k speaking fee.
Yes, this is something those sick ppl really need
Drs abuse the use of the initial prescriptions because it is cheaper than to treat the patient, from my own  experience  as a patient.
Too bad neither you nor Obama ever learned to negotiate.
US president 2020
How much of your millions have you gave to the cause
WHY THE HELL DON'T YOU STOP THE GRAND STANDING & DO AS 90% OF CITIZENS WANT DECRIMINALIZE CANNABIS STOP THE WAR AGAINST OUR MEDICINE
Go away, traitor and left wing anti-black phony.
What's with the ACA?
@SenWarren PLZ remember there r many ppl with legit pain that depend on these meds for quality of life. Solutions must keep that in mind!
What about funding for people in prison - getting them help first- and really good treatment ?
Yay!!
OK, Now we get to see your Hands On approach to solve this problem.. How are you going to measure  your success? What kind of Metrics will
You use ?
Whose negotiations? Find out where they are getting the prescriptions first , then put an end to it.
Stop having doctors over prescribe them to begin with
hypnosis for addiction. Except for a pay issue, I was to be hired by addiction recovey program as their hypnotist 4 addicts.
"Aggressive negotiations" just reminded me of the Star Wars prequels.
Where was this money when it was a crack epidemic !
Thank you  ! I totally agree!! There's a lot of work to do let's get started now!
@SenWarren acts like you did it, @POTUS  said he was going to allocate monies for this crisis, lol like you made it happen! #delusional
End drug prohibition
Simple solution go after the doctors prescribing this crap. And it doesn't cost $100 million. Need more common sense approach. Text me.
Voting has its responsibilities & consequences. I hope the @GOP loyal realize their errors.  4 the future of our country & planet
Save the Druggies! The Democrats need them.
Start with the VA. They've been throwing OxyContin at my roommate since 1984!
That's what I'm talking about. Great sound bite at the end there. Talking the language of swing voters is going to be a major factor.
The government is the reason for the heroin epidemic! They are the ones who confiscated the poppy fields and brought it ALL into the U S!!!
If trump care passes that's out the window
Where does this money go? When you try to get help there is nothing! Even with Obamacare doctors won't take! People dying no help!!
A *BIG* thing you can do is research, fund, and approve alternative pain treatment. I wouldn't be on opiates if I didn't have to.
Thank you @SenWarren -to solve #opioid crisis target #chronicpain not just addiction
They will just make it harder for the people who really need it!
If there wasn't such rampant opiate abuse people who need the meds could get better help I prefer marijuana for my chronic pain
Pocahontas if I think poops epidemic needs fighting- build that Wall! Treatment is not needed if there are no addicts
You're doing a GREAT job! Don't forget those like me. I'm on 2 types of blood thinners & have severe arthritis. I depend on Rx pain killers.
$100 million is a WASTE of funds unless it's used to distribute cannabis to every adult in pain on the USA. CBD OR THC oil or flower DOES IT
OH FOR CHRIST'S SAKE ELIZABETH DECRIMINALIZE CANNABIS IT'S PROVEN TO END OPIOID USE BY EVERY STATE WHERE POT IS LEGAL / MEDICAL APRVD FIX IT
@SenWarren, how much do you know about #ibogain and its effectiveness in curing #opioidaddiction? It cures in 1 dose!! It's a real solution!
We don't need $100 million to fight opioid addiction. We need a border wall to prevent flow of drugs into US. And probably less Rx opioids
Just remember there are lots of people who have severe chronic pain. They need opioid Rx and use responsibly
Oh yeah real important money to be spent on more bullshit
You want $100 mil to fight opioid dependency, meanwhile we pay the pharmaceutical industry $millions to make the stuff.
Let's make investment everyone!!!
all this can wait! demand an #independentinvestigation into #trumprussia now! this country is starting to feel like the #titanic #comey
What yall r saying  your gonna stop the people from getting pills. So they can buy them and heroine from the illegal mexicans, Go resistance
#SavetheACA
#RIPPrince
bla bla bla
This is what every dem in congress and senate counter top looks like 
how about a hundred million to stop what is happening to our democracy.
Please tone down the rhetoric. Causing hysteria prevents responsible people from getting meds they sometimes need. Not all abuse.
We love you Senator Warren.
Why? The govt aint got the answers. Stop spending on bs
Way to reach across the isle and find common concerns and ways to address those concerns. Not easy. Keep fighting for all of the Am people!
Most of your posts sound like yout on drugs
Thanks to President Trump's war on opioid addiction. Now MA can approve and setup safe injection sites, right?
Well then... Perhaps it's time I invest in a "non-profit" so I can earn 96 million of that 100 mil.
How about just paying for #physicaltherapists and directing people to that clinical pathway? Lift the cap, too?
Put them in jail like we did people who smoked crack.
I once used opioids in order to deal nerve pain. In studies it doesn't help longterm. Doctor #GP gives all #oxy one wants in my experience.
Or could build a wall between us and the opiods...just a thought?
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @BreitbartNews @PrisonPlanet Guess the Senator is taking credit for this.
It surely was not you that started this.
opioid addiction wanes in states with legal cannabis...stop Sessions push to turn back time #hemp #hemphighwayky
Poppies grow in Mexico and South America...pointing fingers? Reagan created the Taliban
Legalize Cannabis. Stop letting companies profit from toxic pain pills vs. a plant that has NEVER killed anyone and has SO MANY uses.
It starts w.prescriptions but heroine is often cheaper w/o good insurance coverage.
You are a LIAR Pocahantas
...Please just run and put your boxing gloves on and take down Trump please...please...please
First thing we need to do is limit number of pills physicians can prescribe at one time.I was recently prescribed 42 Oxycodone pills, took 8
You should probably cut back on the Chardonnay yourself rosie cheeks.
Why is it the tax payers responsibility to pay for these drug addicts. They made the decision for that life style. We didn't for them.
Must have a drug addict child.
It's sure is a horrible and terrifying problem for many and few ideas to resolve it. Maybe make it legal so folks know what they r taking.
REPUBLICANS will go too far and punish those who need pain management because nothing else works. Already ppl who ar
They caused the epidemic. Didn't care about street drugs as long as they got paid.
Federally legalize medical marijuana and make opioid use for extreme situations only.
Where was all this for cocaine, crack, meth? Oh, that's right, it all went to police and to prisons. Why is it NOW we need rehab, I wonder?
'Treat the epidemic' would be a better strategy.
love your PASSION!!
Why is a politician's answer always to throw millions of dollars in other people's money at the problem?
how about $85,000 to help a veteran in need!!!
I never believe #fauxahontas.
Chalk up another win for the tribe? Maybe Gov Christie's passion on the issue had something to do with the funding.
But he does not want credit. He wants to fix the problem
Thanks to you @senwarren and those who crossed the aisle and represented all of us..not just rally goers like our @potus
@SenWarren If you care so much for working people why haven't you helped re-write workman's comp laws? Dr hand out opiads like candy
I love taking action, as someone who was on opioids for 3 years and now off. But we don't need money. We need alternative med. options.
I'd hope our Commonwealth will use future tax revenue from Pot to help with the opioid epidemic. You can make that happen, Senator.
Manda, I know two people personally who died from heroin. So, save it.
Could not agree more. When the first pain medicine given to an 87 year old after hip replacement is morphine, there might be a problem.
How is the govt dealing with the opioid drugs made in China and elsewhere and easily purchased on the internet?
Spend that $100 mil to legalize cannabis. Lots of problems will be solved, just not yours.
We had 8yrs of Obama to deal with this and the result was...NOTHING! 
I bet you feel like beating your war drums over that one
Really loving this open, passive aggressive racism on the right. At least they're being honest with themselves now.
Thank you, and PLEASE - keep up your amazing work. Opioid abuse is so huge in this country, but it's just somebody else's problem too often.
I know too many people that do, and I've dealt with too many people who lost their fight.
Negotiations with a lightsaber?
So what will YOU allow her to talk about if not progress?
I'd like to hear more from her about her Native American roots, personally
Dragon slayer!
Build the wall silly

