BLM had nothing to do with it. Go back under your bridge.
BLM is a peaceful and legal organization. There is no "dogma" to ascribe to.
nothing is more American than a nonviolent march
to reject the authority of unjust oppression? Actually what we founded our nation on. Tarred & feathered many Brits.
Why?  Religion = beliefs and beliefs are what makes people commit acts of terrorism.
like shooting up abortion clinics? Firebombing abortion clinics? Shooting doctors at abortion clinics?
Exactly, but if you say christians commit acts of terrorism in the same proportion as muslims, youre lying to yourself.
so their terrorism is ok because right now its not at same level as Islamic extremist?
Is that what I said?
you justified Christian terrorism with the excuse they don't do it as often as Islamic extremists do now. So yes it was.
I justified christian terrorism?  What you lack in intellect, you make up for in imagination.
ahh no defense against my true claim so you result to insult. And you claim I lack intellect. So amusing.
bc she wants the Constitution and founding principles of our democracy to be preserved. If so, then more than half US is2
can't compete with conservatives. They are Olympic quality spoutters of bullshit hourly if not by the minute
you believe that because you share conservative identity and what they say fits your belief.
oh please. You frs practice as much identity politics as anyone. But you lie more then any.
Agreed, a religious test for citizenship is a bad idea. There should be a RACIAL test, just like the Founding Fathers had.
"Races" don't exist. Science denies your idiotic #WhiteSupremacist B.S.. 
@kevin_a_strom @SenWarren
All species begin with racial divergence. Without racial divergence and separation, life itself could not exist.
@kaseywil  Denigrating & casting aspersions on people because of who they voted for is below a US Senator. Try having some class
no one said anything about who anyone voted for?
someone should tell Republicans that religious beliefs are a constitutional right. They seem to stuck on the 2nd amendment
Muslims kill Christians.  Where do you stand on our rights?
if we're going to be as bad as the bad guys..... there are no good guys
Do all liberals believe in these huge over generalizations?
mother Teresa and Christ were both liberals. I wonder if "generalization " is the word you're looking for
Less Safe?  Where are the terrorist threats coming from Senator? 100% from Muslim Terrorists.  Open your eyes!!
Calling it a religion doesn't make it a religion. Islam is a political ideology that flies in the face of human rights & freedom.
you are so out of touch. Shouldn't you be retiring?
@MikeTanier -God for bid we hurt someone's feelings in the name of protecting out citizens.
#giveupyourseat
- Islam is a barbaric 7th century political ideology that espouses the overthrow of our country- ENFORCE #BanIslam
it may not be the America we want. But look at history that discrimination is very American.
so stop going after christians
nobody ever has in US history. Glad to have solved that for you.

drop dead bitch whore
But the worldwide murdering of people based on religion doesn't. We aren't safe if we say anything. MAGA with islam right?
Like @BarackObama saying Christians just want to "cling to our bibles and guns?"
What about their race,  oh Fake Indian? Have you Tweeted about the black thugs who scalped a disabled white man yet? #TotalLoser
She's not specifying a specific race.
Wow you're not so bright. Thanks, though. 
you targeted Christians, threatened their jobs safety if they don't abandon their beliefs, you violated their 1st amdt rights
Lizzy I think all Americans would get on board when you move a couple refugees into your home. Lets do the right thing here Liz
Where was your outrage when the IRS was and still is targeting conservatives? Hypocrite
pretending to be someone we are not does too......
Religious freedom seems now to exist only for select denominations. We have rejected today's huddled masses yearning to be free.
shuraiya law no fuck that lol
unless their Christians.
Unless you don't want to bake a cake
#demexit #maga #msnbc #cnn
You lost access to the "not who we are" line when you took advantage of a minority group for personal gain. Thats sick.
target people that may blow up a city street
regardless of race, ethnicity, creed, religion, gender, etc.
agree,but unfortunately it's radical Islam that is doing this!
what about the targeting of LGBT people by Trumps evangelical puppet masters.Everyone deserves the same equal freedom protection
disclose your wealth/tax returns And tell us how much yearly do you earn....
a Clinton presidency would have been dangerous too, but you still wanted her over Bernie, traitor
As a people who we are as Americans is to take action against obvious threats against us! Not to do so makes us all less safe!
Islam is not a religion. It is a political ideology bent on killing everyone who is not muslim.
@drmlb dont forget our country was founded by escaping catholicism- we have a hx of discrimination of religions that persecute
yeah that and the people that strap bombs on themselves.   That flies squarely in the face of like ..life
Unless of course you are a Christian and then all bets are off because we are not a protected class. What a hypocrite you are.
Oh good Liz you're going to protect Christians now, start with those ppl who were destroyed over a cake. Hypocrite
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity FYI FAUXCAHONTES: PublicLaw414, Chapter2,Section212 passed by Congress 1952; BANS ISLAM FROM USA
Be the change you want to see in the world and stop targeting Christians...
Unless you disagree with someone's beliefs of course.
Ppl like YOU make us unsafe.U want 2 turn our country into the ME.& illegal immigration, WTH?Open borders?? #Brainless #BrainDead
even if their religion core teaching is supremacy over non believers, impose their religious laws, found by mass murder warlord?
So I create a religion, & I preach nothing but violence against anyone not from my religion, that's okay, cuz religious freedom?
Except when they are Christians, isn't that right Senator Warren????
you are washed up
like when Muslims target Christians and Jews in terror attacks? I agree! This must be what you are talking about.
Just when I start to have hope for the world Pocahontas rears her empty head to remind me she's still here. Ugh.
What makes us less safe is Muslims killing us in airports, night clubs and holiday parties, chief.

Except when they are #Christians. Can you just be honest here, Senator? https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/817139060942708737 …
So why do you do it?  Christians are targeted by YOUR party daily.
we should pretend we are Wampanoag to get a 400k a year job and then preach about privilege, hypocrisy at its finest.
Is using the IRS to target the Republicans what we do as Americans?  Is election rigging against Bernie, or is that a DNC thing?
Except targeting Christians. That you are ok with.
Islam is not a Relgion it's a philosophy. It needs to experience a reformation.

These four beautiful people are being buried because radical Islamic terror does exist. #Jerusalem 
yep Christians are being targeted in America
explain how vetting people makes us less safe. We will wait
We? Most of us are nothing like you. Don't say we. We had 3/4 of states vote against ppl like you.
Religion is different from ideology. You need to learn to discern the difference
What about killing people because they don't believe in your corrupted version of a religion? How do you handle that?

you suck, and my fellow voters and I in Massachusetts are getting rid of you real soon. #BankOnThat
Arabs cross big water, say great spirit is allah, kill people who don't believe. - in stereotypical Indian voice so she'll get it
you should know pocohantas, so ask your constituents if we should send all the "vetted" with papers from copy machines UR State
Illegal ISIS migrants target Christians, Jews, Hindus

You are a member of the Anarchy Party
what about when the people being targeted are being targeted for targeting people based on their religion and making us less safe
A religion of war that chops off body parts, throws gays off roofs, charges protection money is worse than mafia

Get a job
Move to Minneapolis where they barely speak English isolate and prefer sharia law ! Just stop your self rigorous spewing
welcoming radical Islamist in2 our country w/open arms or not closing our borders makes America less safe.
. Islam is political, it's about as religious as you are Native American.
Islam is not a religion. Stop calling it a religion. It is a cult. Read the Qur'an if you don't believe me.
she thinks she's Pocahontas, she can't read.
.@SenWarren Yes, so we should deport all the Muslim refugees who target people based on their Christian or Jewish religion.
So why are Christians targeted by your constituency?
Targeting who? Name a specific event and I will lay blame.
You lead the charge for an unsafe anti-American America #AntiChristianAntiJew #AntiWomen #YouLostBadly #MiddleAmericaIsNotWithYou
&your favorite fruit from Islam is Pedophilia polygamy honor killings sexual mutilation acid attacks stoning rapes or beheadings?
Christians, Jews, White People and all non Muslims are being targeted for Slaughter. You're frantic about a list. #TradeForVotes
understand it's not a religion! It's an ideology that is coming after America to strip us of all we know & kill or follow Islam!
warren=nazi puppet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqw2-TlaWMk …
http://soquelbythecreek.blogspot.com/2011/10/everyone-knows-that-elizabeth-warren-is.html …
Targeting them for their adherence to a doctrine that undermines our laws however is fair game
Hey crazy lady...
how many refugees have you taken in your home Elizabeth?
What "religion" runs ppl over w/trucks, blows up children, etc.? Islam is a death cult. Go back to your fake tepee now.
Why do atheists always know what is best for religious people?
Since you are a Native America, why not have all incoming Refugees live on the vast, tax free lands of the Native Peoples?

even after a humiliating defeat you are still ignorant!!
I dare you 2walk into a mosque & announce you're gay or Christian. Let's find out who are the real intolerants. You're very sadly Misguided
if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck ...it's a fucking duck.
I am a Conservative Republican,I had "some" respect for her then she got in bed with clinton even after hillary screwed her over.
#sellout. Now I hope she is vanquished like her pals the clintons,she would have been respectable if she backed Bernie
Does "who we are as Americans" mean we must commit political suicide in the name of religious freedom? Where in the Constitution?
We are less safe because of poor vetting of people whose religion teaches hatred of America and of Christians and Jews.
how many Syrians live in your house?
you just don't get it or you just don't care about our security..... having you on committees such as armed forces is alarming!
the "religion" you speak is not a religion but an ideology of control and repression #Trump will make us safe
Control and repression is the very definition of religion
actually it isn't
We should all be concerned, when decisions are made to make us ALL Less Safe!
Your ideology is lunacy. We need pragmatic leaders, not committed ideologues. You endanger US citizens & national security.
Who's Paying????
Amen
Christians being targeted & eradicated due 2 a barbaric ideology flies squarely in the face of Americans which has made us unsafe
2017 will be the year Pocahontas claims to be of muslim descent only to be told....muslim isn't a race LMAO
Pocahontas OH THE IRONY IN YOUR WORDS MUST sting coming out your teepee hole
Pocahontas, this is the demoncrat playbook 101 strategy tho? Oh whatever will you use if you cannot race bait?
Tell that crap to the half a billion people that want to behead us, rape, enslave our daughters, make us submit to their ideology
In 2016 there were 1274 ISLAMIC terror attacks in 50 nations, in which 11774 people were killed & 14303 injured. Need I say more?
Posturing for your Pollyanna political base? You are willing to allow future attacks on US soil in exchange for future Dem votes?
would you like to have sharia law controlling your life? Have you no intelligence?  Where is your common sense? All politics=ZERO
what does the Democrat party know about "who we are as Americans"? Didn't the election teach you anything?
YOU ARE A NUT CASE AND NOT AN INDIAN. SO THAT MAKES YOU A LIARS, TOO !
unless their Christian then go for it
Sharia law is not a religion. Wake up, Senator. American Muslims need to reform their religion by separating from Sharia law.
Look forward to watching the USA kick your ass again in 2018
must be using democommie common core math figuring less safe..reality is keeping enemies out is the only way to keep us safe
Yes just like radical Islamic terrorist do killing thousands of innocent Christians. Of course you don't care about that.
Our country is less safe due to people totally lacking common sense like you.  Secure safe zones in their country #PCISEVIL
please stop using the term "who we are as Americans". You have NO idea who we are.  Just stop.
We have a right to ban Sharia in a free country. Some feminist you are you don't give a damn about Muslim women who are abused!
STHUP LYING FAKE INDIAN POLITICAL Correctness is dead 
Sorry GAMEOVER BULLY 
THAT IS TRYING2GET ELECTED AGAIN MASSACHUSETTS  NOPE
. We're not sitting duck targets for a murderous cult. Speaking of who we are, have you waxed your bows & arrows lately?
how did you get to be a Senator. You don't know history at all.
Is that why your party and Kerry demonized the only Jewish state in the world because they are Jewish? Hypocrite Fauxcahontas!
nobody cares what you think. just go away and stop lying about your heritage.
#giveupyourseat you out of touch hypocritical limousine liberal.
hey I found another #PaidHillaryBot 

I'm gonna bask in Trump's victory while you drown in your tears. 󾓦

Great you finally recognize the danger the Muslim sharia-supremacists represent to this country and our values!
then maybe we should drop you off in the middle east..or have "refugees" move into yur house, pocahontas.
#DNC has removed Christian GOD from platform promoted Islamic Theocracy not compatible w/ USConstitution.
we are Americans who want to keep our country safe from non vetted Islamic extremists! Democrats don't get it
yes how could we ever focus on one ideology? If only there was a clue. A starting point to search.  Some glimmer of a trend.
All I know is that I'm sick & tired of #Libtards constantly lecturing me on who I am as an #American. You don't speak for me.
If a religion calls for exterminating those who do not agree with it, then I say we should protect ourselves against that threat.
@FoxNews Time to grow up period. We the people both Democrats and Republicans R tired of the same old vile lies coming from you!
You know you're about one of the most out of touch people ever, do you even know where the red states and most of us live???
idiot.
HEY POCAHONTAS....HOW YOU LIKE THAT RACISM?
Or perhaps you're just a bald faced liar! Which is it?
And pretending 2b native when ur white screams psychosis. You don't live in reality!
Proof 4 ur claim it makes us less safe? Radical Islam makes us less safe. Ignorantly ignoring it does too.
where are you when all the libtards go against Christians and Jews!! Do you ever listen to the words that come out of your mouth
This coming from a fake Indian - #STFU
Yes please run in 2020. #Easy8
YOU COULDNT BE MORE WRONG, POCAHONTAS
Freedom of Religion is an "American Right" not a Terrorists right nor people from other countries. Stop pandering hate
Islam is the ONLY "religion" that kills someone EVERY SINGLE DAY. Let that sink in.
AKA @elizabethforma as well...........
