Cut it loose no more ACA
Puleeese. Get a grip.  As a woman, I am ashamed of you every time you stand up to "say something" which ends up being nothing.
.@SenWarren OBAMACARE IS A DISASTER that has ruined access to healthcare for millions who had it before Obamacare. Shame on Democrats!
Lizzie..just because you have access to free Bureau of Indian Affairs' clinics doesn't mean we all..what? No? My bad.
@lheinkel @SenWarren #Obamacare & all of govt needs gutted!Govt is the problem not the solution!Move to Russia if u want more taxes & govt!
you asked for it by beng a sanctuary city.
there is nothing affordable about the aca
try taking to the people who have had their costs gone up 200 to 300%
Lady, you have a twisted view of reality. As your state is one of the worst, perhaps we need to drug test you.
you help to create the mess now Trump has to fix it since you're too incompetent to do it.
@tonygoldwyn or shoving a stick of dynamite up our asses. 
Your ignorance is showing again.
ACA did nothing for treatment especially when people had to fork $5000 + out of pocket before treatment. Medicaid back 2 states.
It's also like someone who make 400k teaching one class telling me that they understand my financial strain!!!!
HMMM.  I thought that was EXACTLY how we got Obamacare?
i know
What are you waiting for? Light that fuse!

it's not "like," it "IS" shoving a stick of dynamite in... #trumpcare #trumpcareless #trumpRussia #TheResistance #RESIST #Persist

I really need to know: are MA residents protected bec Romneycare precedes ACA?  Please answer.
Close the opioid treatment gap it could be u or your child. AHCA must include this for all Americans.

ANOTHER lie from someone who LIED about Cherokee heritage to STEAL a Harvard scholarship! #PayItBack
A new take on 'stick it where the sun don't shine'
the closed minded deplorables do not care about those with addictions !
Did not see coming? Damage done. Reign in pharma and scripts-at-the-ready; intensely educate K-16 and prevent - we know how to do
The @GOP under @realDonaldTrump gets everything wrong / half-baked. Even when they follow the Bible...

Obamacare was like communists winning the cold war and taking over America
Why not shove the stick of dynamite in the drug companies opioid suppies?
I'm pretty sure death of labeled undesirables is one of their goals to improve cost savings.
wow, you need to cut back on the wine
again where are the facts?
seriously rhetoric like this from both sides doesn't help anything
Don't forget the #MentalHealth Care that is being eliminated as well! #MentalHealthMattersToo #TrumpcareFail #AddictionServices
@MonaLissa000 quite a turn of phrase, Senator!
Perhaps if you sponsored a bill shutting down the CIA, this country might not have an opioid problem.
honest to god someone needs to tell you that you hit your political ceiling & the only thing rising is your irrelevance
Why weren't you on obamacare Fauxcahontas?
The tribal elders haven't allowed it.
Ms. Warren, with all due respect, may I suggest where you shove that stick of dynamite?
Can't wait for ACA to be gutted, are we ready for 2018.
Lieing to the American public is horrible!  You said you were a Native American which you are NOT! LIER
ha ha ha ha ha.  Really dramatic.  Your an example of why wome get paid less then men.  Ha ha ha
that's not a very good analogy
what needs done is a complete repeal of Obamacare and the feds staying completely out of healthcare
WE WOULDNT BE HERE IF YOU DEMS WOULD HAVE GOTTEN IT RIGHT TI BEGIN WITH
what? OMG
Start running for POTUS now you will be a shoein !
I know a better place to shove a stick of dynamite
don't go trying to make sense on this thread..
keep the heat on trump get him under oath.
Obamacare is a stick of dynamite. You know that.
. WHAT IS YOUR TAX RATE LIZ ??? HUH?? What are YOU hiding?? Low rates great medical ... All hypocrites !!!!
TrumpCare(less) is a death sentence for low income seniors, with $14,600 premiums vs $1,700 under Obamacare.
.@SenWarren It's a blow to all chronic pain patients, especially those who rely on #Medicaid. Do everything you can to block this bill!
Too bad donnie isn't holding it! At least the Ban was blocked again in Hawaii!  #TrumpMoneyLaunderingBaku
I'm frightened. He's hurting so many while investigations continue. Is there a point to say no Presidenting until clrd of treason
and by opioid treatment gap you mean whee the sun don't shine.
How much money has pharmaceutical companies donated to your campaign?
How about we mandate you have to purchase pet insurance to have a pet? ACA is Racketeering. Choice is ours not Governments
Because they actually hate Americans, as we can see by their every move and their hateful policies.
it's certainly shoving a stick of lit dynamite SOMEWHERE...
#itsgunnahurt
The bill that kills. #resist #persist
build the wall
#MT @SenWarren
Gutting the ACA with #Trumpcare…
.@mcspocky @IdahoResistance @SenWarren 
Gutting ACA with #TrumpNOTCare 
Killing REAL PEOPLE by the thousands, no longer hidden
so you're saying you want me to try heroin? 10-4..
The more they SNAFU the country, the closer I move to the Mexican border.
if the country had something to believe in instead of the doom and gloom of the Dems, they wouldn't turn to drugs.
well Obama wanted the ACA to be medicare 4 B4 republicans tore pages out!  #TRUMP the useful idiot trashed it with no plan
Its really sad what their doing to heath care a lot of poele are going to die I'm sorry but i got to be truthful.
like our brain.
u stuck ACA up our ass n didn't care
Atul Gawande tweeted yesterday that Opioid epidemic now killing more people than HIV/AIDS in its worst year!
Medicare-for-all or bust. I hope next time you guys have a super majority you won't give us watered down Romney-care.
as it is, no one covers long term recovery care.  We're already on fire with addiction, #Trumpcare just pours higher octane on us
It's the passive aggressive version of The Purge.
while u open the border for heroine to pour in...smh
Trumpcare is the opposite of noblesse oblige. It's "nobody matters but me."
#Trumpcare #Tryancare Ending opioid addiction would hurt big pharmaceutical co's not good for the President's so called friends
and Jeff Sessions wants to start a war on weed. Perhaps to fill private prisons.
.@SenWarren #Neverthelessshepersisted
For someone who loves his country, watching a "president" lie, and populate his cabinet with his henchmen, is sickening.
I fail to understand how some people can be so stupid. 10s of thousand in not millions of people are being killed under obamacare
.@SenWarren I'm pretty sure one of the last things that the GOP care about is those "damned addicts." Seriously. Unfortunately that's...
.@SenWarren ..probably true of most Americans. They mostly care about themselves and occasionally their friends and family. That's why...
.@SenWarren ...I try and support candidates that are smart, honest, and compassionate first and foremost. That rules out most GOP'ers.
Perhaps. While we have a biased sample of behavior right now with Trump in power it is becoming increasingly clear...
..that while most pols from all parties are dishonest and corrupt, the GOP has brought it to a whole new level.
Jeff Sessions continues the War on Drugs to stock up the For Profit prisons. Weed vs Opioids = Minorities + Free labor #Resist
Man that makes me so mad yes he is targeting us minorities they are bulding private jails its all about the money.
hey Liz. What are you hearing comey said in that top secret meeting ,you could tell us we won't say nothing #Trumpdontcare
Trump plan = RIP (Rich incentive Plan)
As opposed to shoving a stick of dynamite up America's ass when you passed the ACA in the first place?
#Trumpcare will only save about $14,000 per uninsured person. Do you think my life is worth $14000? I do.
#singlepayer #Trumpcare #AHCA They are not including the huge job losses coming from offshoring via TISA https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1148273 …
Are you on the war path again? Maybe too much fire water?
What we need is a dose of 'altruism' in our country. Especially from our representatives.
You have been in office longer than @POTUS. You are more to blame for the opioid addiction & deaths!! Own up.
When will the govt go after big Pharma? Remember what happened to big Tobacco? Can't we do that to big Pharma? Please?
if the aca is so wonderful why didn't you government employees and elects get on it? You all kept yours while others couldn't.
Please take away making it mandatory, and please subsidize those who make less than $50K/yr.  We simply cannot afford it.
your comment hits the nail on the head.  People can not afford insurance.
Sorry Liz this one I can't follow you on. Recreational use of opium is stupid, illogical, inexcusable. I have no empathy for them
ha pic
always coming in with the best similies and metaphors.
please come up with fixes for ACA. The @GOP is gonna pin this on u guys if fails. Be ready and be proactive
PREACH
And don't forget woman's healthcare!
oh yess Obama care was soo much better companies started losing money they left simple examine that one it was imploding already
i know should have waited till insurance went up to 5 frand a month so you would beg for to be gone
Too bad an enema wouldn't work to take care of you under #Trumpcare
Can someone lend her their brain for a while? She needs one urgently!
I will continue working on #opioidepidemic . #Tatiana
"as long as we're shoving something into poor people, I'm happy." ~ Paul Ryan
ummm...
They all didnt die before the ACA they, why should I pay for their issues?

#ACA raised prices and limited choices of providers. New plan will reverse this! #CaptalismWorks
I hope the same thing happens to the people who wrote it.
trumpcare is a very poor plan. tweek Obamacare
We should ask Snoop Dogg where we should shove that stick of dynamite.
right on
#Trumpcare don't care!


