Have you ever heard the term look at the back of their baseball card? The stats say this will be overturned by the Supreme Court...
...our Constitution is designed to protect US citizens not the citizens from around the world. So I will put money on the #TravelBan
If only I were your bookie right now. Sigh.
You would have lost! 80% overturn on the 9th. They make law, they don't interpret.
LOL guess you don't know why we have a judicial system - it's all about interpretation
Kind of an indictment on the misinterpretation by the 9th though
Should expect better understanding of the law.
Those judges earned the right to make that decision through their practice of the law.
I agree with you, however they let their politics creep in about 80% too often.
Although the travel ban is completely constitutional you fool. You and the 9th circuit need to grow up, you're destroying our country.
It's funny how every court so far says you are wrong.
It's funny how the constitution says I'm not though.
Actually the Muslim ban also gives isis what they want, because there  platform is that westerners hate Muslims, so the ban only helps them
(1/2) The idea that it's a Muslim ban is false 90% of muslim can still get in. The constitution allows for the pres to make executive orders
Also it is completely constitutional for the head of the executive branch to pass an order that he believes will help national security.  
9th cir agreed POTUS has power to make EO's re immigration... but NOT if based on nationality without factual basis. Trump loses again!
But that isn't what this EO does. If you read the order you would know that he countries he choose we're based off of the previous admin.
Will Mrs.Warren ever explain why this travel ban is unconstitutional? Probably not she knows nothing about our constitution!!!
She'd rather spend time virtue signaling and running like a crazed animal in LGBT parades! She doesn't want good legislation she wants votes
When will you realize Mrs.Warren? You are not what America needs and you are not what the silent majority wants! Go back to your tipi.
I too bet on the Constitution. We hope the Supreme Court upholds like they should!<
Um his "Muslim Ban" is constitutional. And the same ban was done by Obama for 6 months. Where was your outrage then? HYPOCRITE!!
Your money is on communism and people need to start realizing that. You will sell our kids to ISIS as thanks giving turkeys. You are a fraud
She's a LOSER!
Yes and a hypocrite, elitist and the list goes on
Thanks for not wavering on civil liberties! #ShePersisted
Nothing unconstitutional about an elected president protecting his countrymen from radical muslims, or radical libtards!

How much of that Harvard money did you bet?
The 9th circuit is politicized joke, and you obviously don't care about protecting US citizens
Well Lizzie u lose again!! The travel ban IS going 2 happen w/n hours! Go into the woods with Hillary & take Nancy too! Y'all r so toxic!!
Too bad you don't believe in  the Constitution wholistically... only the parts that fit your socialist political agenda.. woo look over here
Wah wah wahhhhhhh
You want terrorist to kill a mericans because you hate America
9th circuit doesn't follow our constitution, it should be called 9th circus, DNC 1st circus. All a bunch of clowns.
Why does @SenWarren have a problem with vetting from countries that either have no stable government, or are state sponsors of terrorism?
especially when the constitution gives @realDonaldTrump the executive power to do so. Pocohontis needs to get with it #AmericaFirst
You price garbage the night circuit has no idea what the Constitution is
Here's a serious question.  Do you ever get tired of being WRONG
The 9th circuit is liberal and anti-trump. Scotus will pass ban
It's been rejected by multiple courts, including judges nominated by Bush. His bans aren't Constitutional. Get over it.
9th circuit, the most overturned appeals court. Self-defense is constitutional loser
Are you a Constitutional law scholar? 3 courts of law have found his ban unconstitutional. A Muslim ban is not "self-defense" it's stupidity
It's a TRAVEL ban. Of it was a Muslim ban over 1 billion people would be banned. It is self defense
How is it self defense
Because we're trying to keep terrorists out.....
And how many terrorists have come here & attacked from the countries listed on that travel ban?
I wouldn't go to a casino if I were you Feaxcohontas
Can someone clarify which part is unconstitutional? Don't agree with it but first glance I think constitution only applies to US citizens
I also have citizen colleagues worried they would not actually be allowed back if they went to visit family in a restricted country.
But would citizens actually be stopped
I can only say on that point I do not think they are off base to worry.
Where's the door to this rabbit hole?
