I've never wanted to label myself Dem or Rep, but it sure seems like the GOP just wants to take things away.
So who will pay for the roads you drive on? The police? The army? 911 services?
My apologies, but your first sentence is unreadable.
Have no idea what you are talking about. How do your taxes pay for crayons?
You are a top notch Liar!
what a joke Warren's approval rating is an all time low!
Liar !!  Read the facts.  Trump has the LOWEST approval rating of any president EVER in 71 days of office. Keep bowing to the orange monster
Right and the media also predicted that Trump would lose. Can't trust polls
Trump did lose the popular vote by almost three million votes.  He won because of Comey and Russia.  Now we have a madman running country.
Democrats are obstructing because they will not win reelection. Pelosi , schumer, warren. Is this the best you got? WOW
I know one thing Trump will NOT be around for a second term.  In fact I believe he will be gone within 1 year.  Will quit or impeached.
You need to read more books. Do you know what it takes to impeach a president? You think this baseless Russian collusion is it? FACTS!
Yes I do that's why I said impeachment or he will quit. If Trump isn't in bed with Putin why won't he release his taxes ? Stop ignoring.
Harder for your female staffers to save for retirement when you pay them $20K less than male staffers. #hypocrite @Lrihendry
Translation: I have no valid argument against Elizabeth Warren so here's an Indian joke.
Democrats destroyed my parents retirement with 8 years of Obama stupidity, don't lecture us on retirement. Economy just starting to heal.
The women on your staff sure can't save for retirement
So thankful to have you as my senator!!
We trust in you!
As a HR consultant I'm keen to learn what jobs each perform. Absent of this info it would be premature to comment. I would expect parity.
That's fair. I suppose it's possible that she promoted men to higher level jobs than women, which might explain the pay gap.
#ShePersisted  love you Sister!!  Give them hell.
thank you for empowering us!  I appreciate all your hard work. what can i do to help?
Persist Fearless Elizabeth.
Thank you for your fight!!!
OH YEA like she fights for the women on her own staff LOLOLOLOL Hypocrite LIAR keep following these fools
@SenWarren You are pitching a lie to rile up the uninformed. You're a grifter, nothing more.
give em hell
Stay healthy & take your vitamins! TY!
Donald trump is evil. Is people like you that are going to help us uncover him? God, speed good luck.
thank you for trying to protect us.
Meme on FB says u pay women 71¢ vs $1.00 for men on your staff. How can I counter with facts? Help.
keep fighting the good fight! Money is tight and getting tighter as we age!
Meme around says you pay women
give them hell where they belong
Fighting for women's rights yet pays her female staffers less than  males   Just sayin
More lies from Warren She thinks people are stupid and she knows all.
#dumpwarren #crazylady #clueless
Republicans have an agenda.  That won't stop until it's completed. The losers of this agenda are the American people. RESIST !!!
Trump, Pence, Ryan, Nunes all are worthless.  Everything thing they do is against the American people. We can't let this happen. VOTE OUT !!
How can you say that and keep a straight face after the tax burden your party has placed on us over the last 8 years. Your delusional
New healing technologies
Wow GOP must be very evil if they want to make it harder for people to save for their retirement. Elizabeth saves us from evil.
Right, your Indian, the Russians hacked a parade, GOP want to eat your kids, and push granny off a cliff! Stop your nonsense!
Under the state plans, private sector employers would automatically deduct a percentage of their workers’ pay.  I'll manage my own money thx
Actually you make it harder to save due to all the stupid taxes we pay. No one should have to pay more than ten percent. Time for flat tax.
Thank you for all your efforts, Sen. Warren

Step 1 :- eliminate your pension and health care benefits, multimillionaires do not need govt cheese
Get your 401k now I don't think it will be their when you need it @SenWarren  @FLOTUS44  @POTUS44  @BernieSanders  @Pontifex @CNN
retirement what's that senator? That was taken from me in 2008. Cmon real people know there's no retirement.
What makes it really hard is not making a decent wage or not having a job.

can't afford to retire, won't need social security, so they can give big tax breaks to the rich! #sad #resist
thank you as always for looking out for us!!!
making America Great Again... ugh
liar
great.... another overwhelmingly irrelevant argument!!
The replys are all gloom and doom. Must be tough living in that world.
Have you ever thought positively?
what can I do to help?
said the woman worth 8 million dollars yet working in public service... seems legit... #outoftouchhypocrite
Oh ffs, what will the GOP do next?  Make cake illegal? Go Sen. Warren!
this is no longer a Republican or Democrat issue. This is a Donald and his clansmen against America.
history is recording what we're going to do about Donald trump. Feels like Russia so far.
Harder than it already is? We can barely pay rent and feed our family :(
Boy Betty, you sure throw a lot of mud at the wall to see what sticks. Can't wait too see what other worthless things u comeupWh
Give it a rest with the fearmongering about the @gop Fauxcohontas #gop WANTS people to be prosperous & save $. #Trump #MAGA #dems
Who can retire because of all the BS the American tax payer has to deal with daily ?? Like you would know....haaaa
One serious illness can wipe out life savings. MA takes away homes if parents need nursing home. 80% med coverage not enough
well make sure you speak on how to take advantage of the system by claiming to be a decedent of an American Indian tribe.
oh good. More useless hate speech.
Really??  My 401 has taken off since Trump won. The Dems trashed it in 2008.
Thank you for the fight and your spirit.
all of you in government that shape our country should be ashamed of yourselves
I'll bet you feel like you are talking to a wall...Republicans aren't the sharpest tool in the shed.
privatize social security amount I pay isn't even lined up to my returns. Tired of funding lazy asses! No more illegal entrants!
do hope you will speak up and llresolve difficulties for elders with genuine disability claims defrauded by system and overtaxed
Liar-Watha! #DTS
Thanks to being paid less as a woman, and salaries not increasing at same rate as cost of living expenses I can never retire.
Tear 'em up Senator!
List Corp funding Dem so we can boycott every donor to Dem. Every fund raising Corp. Stop high Dem spending by hitting sources!
ok liawatha
I really don't understand what's happening.
What #blotus doesn't destroy, the GOP in Congress are destroying. Feudal System reboot--peons & lords.
pls retire
Yes, GOP hates people, blah, blah, blah. Truth b told Pocahontas, Was Obama & liars like u who hurt Americans most
That doesn't even make sense... big banks benefit from people having retirement accounts. Who benefits from this?! @SenWarren
In addition I am going to finely name the Indian who raped my great great grandmother  once n 4 all putting to rest pokahaance
please help us!!   This is insanity/madness.   How does it get stopped...asap.  We need a few republicans who have a conscience 
stop lying!  You have no shame.
GOP WON'T LEAVE THE AMERICAN PUBLIC ALONE!! WE OBVIOUSLY  HAVE VOTERS IN OUR NATION WHO ARE TRUE ... MASOCHIST'S!!!!!
Not everyone can practice law without a license in Massachusetts !
Thank you for Fighting for the American people...God Sees All The Good You Do! #strongwoman @SenateFloor @SenateDems
pleeeeeease #stopTrump omg please #help
spend less, save more. No one needs to hear you "Indian squaw" not
Thanks for fighting for women that can't afford birth control which means they can't afford children either.
Is there not ONE aspect of our lives that they DONT want to destroy?
GOP are bloodsucking greedy parasites!
@GetBZLiving oh Sen. GOP will reduce us to 2 tier that's the goal
bleh....... I don't even want to think about how my 401K is going to vanish one day because of them.
Hell lady Obama and you dems has already made it harder
@SenSasse We trust you to take care of the 99% not the 1%. Your votes matter.
Yep, you and the CSPAN camera should have a good time in an empty room
If people really want to retire, why don't they just use their fathers' money to start real estate co's?! #FakePresident
you already did that with Obama care. Can't save because I'm paying outrageous premium.
Why don't you go away already!!
why is ivanka allowed to work in WH? Who will bring charges?
If you'd stop taking 12% of my paycheck for a ponzi scheme - I'd have no problem saving for retirement.
which bill?
No privacy, no healthcare, now no...?
at least you know you have ripped off Americans and can live for ever in comfort
It will would be nice if you would stop the unlawful foreclosures & put the banksters behind bars, we could then save money.
Hard to save for retirement as well while paying for your health care, pension and skyrocketing premiums for OBAMACARE!!
well make sure to include how the pres is creating more jobs to retire from!
Too Bad, u don't know how 2 work w/ Republicans &  defy everything that they do & they will reverse everything @BarackObama did
not really ,stop@manipulating things to make him look bad your just an angry liberal
oh dont worry dems already did that with obamacare
They want to make it impossible for most to retire. 
You have no credibility!!! No accomplishments except the CFPB which is unconstitutional and a complete waste of taxpayer money
keep the pressure and spotlight on these actions, Senator! Thank you!
why didn't you object to this statement Liz? https://twitter.com/millennial_matt/status/845460049380212737 …
I had to stop putting into my retirement in order to pay for my doubled insurance rates because of the other bill you pushed
Why is this administration so bent on making the lives of 98% difficult!? All they care about is making money for themselves! 
Blah blah blah, blah blah blob la blah blah blah blah..#FullRepeal fire #Fauxcahontas #MAGA #NoReplacement
Oh, dry up! Your mouth moves, but all we hear is, "blah blah blah."
You wear us all out with nonsense! U waste time, Pocahontas!
and tell them we didn't think it could get harder. Jesus
thank you EW
what bill#?
I honestly don't understand why they are trying to destroy us.  Is it really because they are beholden to corporations & Wall St?
No it's bc GOP believes on small govmt and States handle their own.
it's already hard to save. Might as well just hand my money directly to the GOP if that's the case.
I thought I might have been at my max last week! This! This! Now I am over the edge! #illworktilidie
I want to help in this
- "save for retirement"? Hahahaha! Save what???
frankly millenials wake up. When I was young (<40) I was not serious about retirement. Woke up, triple invested. Heart attack 62.
this country is crashing & burning in less than 90 days of @realDonaldTrump. It'll be a wasteland in 4 years.
He will NEVER last 4 years !!  He will quit or be impeached within 1 year, unless he gets us in a war, and nobody wins. Stop this madman !!
If only you would have spoken out during the last election things wouldn't be crumbling so quickly now. #WhichWarren
what exactly is he doing now?
Socialists (i.e. You) hinder retirement and accumulation of assets with control freak attitudes towards taxation and regulation
Unmitigated greed Why do they hate Us so much?
You are a total wack job if you really believe this.  Liberals like you are the real reason for poverty and lack of prosperity.
I like how GOP is trying to make government live within its means, I'm happy to sacrifice now so my kids don't suffer more MAGA
give up Govt Pensions for starters
it's the Fed that does that, and they don't give a crap what you say
Thank you so much for your hard work on our behalf.
Putey sees forced retirement for many #GOP house and senate after Nov 2018, okay?
and die. And how hey will make people die. Don't forget that Lizzie.
you should retire
Putey and @realDonaldTrump sorry for krank kalls. Vodka, Twitter and Doom becoming obsession led by Opioid Czar @jaredkushner
Go Sister!
I support the DOL rulw and i support u. I work in the retirement industry, the DOL absolutely helps the less wealthy among us.
is nothing sacred to these people. We need to stop all the distraction and #ImpeachTrump now.
what facts is she distorting now?  I can only imagine.
Nepotism, Russia and weekend funny business. Please help end this madness.
Not so!, with tax reform it will be easier! If you democrats get off of us & let us keep more of our money!
@deejay90192 

it's like talking to a wall isn't it? A wall of cranky old white men.
pocohantas have useen President Trumps advertisement rehe will not touch the retirement nor the Medicare, stopspreading fakenews
You Go girl!!
just give us average Americans your pension and all will be good.
When I see others cheer you... It makes me want to shake them awake. Dumb & her dumber dummies
i like your foresight! meanwhile those in the moment wonder about #russia, #nepotism in #whitehouse, another vote on #ACA, #taxes
to
all about the media attention huh? Do you ever govern without calling attention to yourself?
