is the polar opposite of @SenJohnMcCain #Pocahontas
You mean he is one of your backstabbing elite
#Demexit
Get him to vote no!
I hope he looks at the bill for his care and surgery to see what
Americans will b up against if this crime passes!
He has no bill .. we just picked up the tab for that probably at least $6000  surgery
good read if your interested
Very interesting ! Thank you
Just trying to help
He's going to vote away health care.
Get sick then let me know how obamacare is treating you
I bet he is glad to have FREE Taxpayer Paid health insurance. Too bad GOP doesn't want Americans to have it. They would rather see us dead.
NOTHING IS FREE .........NOTHING
Senator McCain, you are what makes this country great, a patriot an inspiration and the keeper of the flame. God bless you Sir.
Wishes him recover soon
He’s got healthcare coverage right?
Same coverage as Pocahontas. Best in the land.  Not O-Care (or it's replacement) or Medicaid.  They never have to worry like the common man.

Is he on the Republican Healthcare?  Recovery=Death.
Hypocrite.  So fake.
Prayers for John McCain. I am a life long Democrat who often disagrees with the Senator, but he is a Veteran and a good man.
He's a jerk!
Warren, you're such a fake.
If only all Americans got your Cadillac healthcare...
He never has to worry about outrageous unaffordable premiums or enormous deductibles, does he?
The difference in your reaction to #Scalise proves either you felt guilty for creating that violent hatred,or that McCain is really a #Dems.
Of course he will! 
He has EXCELLENT healthcare that covers HIS preexisting conditions...
Once healthy he can come back and kill ours
I second that.
Wishing him the best. Also wishing he would vote NO on health care bill that gives a tax break to the rich while denying tens of millions.
Who keeps you working dummy
One of the few respectable republicans. I have nothing but respect for this man. Get well soon sir.
Of course you like him. You do know he's a RINO. He's been a useless vessel to the Republican Party for years.
here ya go.  next time you'll know of which you speak
Her she is with her head down, running for her limo.
McCain's almost as useless are you are.  Let's hope he retires & is replaced by someone who'll stand up to the loony left.
Although I disagree with a lot of what John says, I respect his honesty and integrity more than a lot of other senators.
Kind of makes us look silly for mocking his questioning during the #ComeyHearing, no?
No. He's clearly not well. He should retire.
Still say no? The man has brain cancer...politics aside, mocking him for being incoherent at the hearing is sad
@SenJohnMcCain should retire with dignity. He is not well. He should spend time with his family.
But @realDonaldTrump says real heroes don't get sick.
Obama care is lost cause much like the democratic party
It must be nice having real health insurance instead of that garbage called Obamacare
Appreciate your ability to be human in these times of extreme partisanship. It's truly American & needed.
It's a shame his future health insurance providers are now aware of this pre-existing condition tsk tsk
Yea... figures you like him.. he's on your side!  Always has been.  A real traitor!
We need him healthy so he can vote against the rep healthcare bill.    Please save r healthcare
True Patriot .   America needs u to fight against domestic enemies allowing foreign one to destroy this Great Experiment we call USA.
What happens after a senator suffers a symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage affecting decision making brain areas & requiring neurosurgery?
RINO McCain is a rank, liberal democrat. Your endorsement cements his treachery.
I am glad your surgery went well. I also hope you reflected on a vote to take away affordable care for millions. Vote no
2 traitors to America. Birds of the same feather.
That is the nicest thing you have ever said about a GOP - maybe this tone would get more done and less obstruction by you
I guess that would be pre-existing condition now. Get better, and don't get sick again!
Get well soon & "you're welcome" for the health insurance compliments of the American taxpayer.
You & your DC ashtray are all lying & cheating the American people pocohontas!
Mc Caun needs to come clean on POW's left behind in Viet Nam. He should call for senate investigation into it - not ignore it.
and also was a traitor to his fellow comrades & an ass to his ex wife
You're a classy person, Senator Warren!
i'm hoping he does as well. He is a good guy. sending prayers
Wishing a speedy recovery and retirement.
Like you give a sh--!
He's got better healthcare coverage than the tax payers who subsidize 72% of it
What happened to him?
I hope his recovery is successful.  And takes 3 years.
Perhaps his emergency surgery will help him understand people need healthcare and what is being peddled is not it.
It nice to know he has great health care. It's too bad he doesn't think that everyone should have the same.
I agree but I also hope this opens his eyes & heart to vote no on health care! He has coverage- many won't
Having a hard time believing she gives shit about John McCain recovery
McCain gave the gop a gift!More time to CON
gop senaters!Mc CON elf will stop at nothing to
slay President Obama's
legacy!predjudice reigns!
I hope he has a good health care policy. Not the G.O.P. one.
Lucky for him he has good healthcare.
America thanks you both! The two of you have made this country the burning dumpster fire we always knew it could be!!! Murica!
And more Dem than Rep it appears!
He's old never should have made the trip
A great opportunity to look at how much a procedure like this costs for the average American on ACA, US gov ins, and Trumpcare!
You are wishing a republican good will. That's undemocratic.
I hope you remind him that he got great care because he had great insurance.  Everyone deserves great insurance!
right after you smoke that peace pipe
John McCain is a turncoat POS traitor that helped form ISIS. He should be impeached immediately then @MaxineWaters next.
Very true but hope he enjoys his health insurance and remembers that when he votes
Unlike his constituents inAZ, he has the best healthcare in the world. He'll be fine.
Your tone is not one of obstruction Elizabeth
This seems to be set up very well
Is the Mao Clinic on the Obamacare Exchange?
Get a job you'll have healthcare too has not been a day in my life I have not been covered by a major healthcare policy
McDonald's Walmart home depot are jobs for high school  kids and retired people not for middle class to raise families on genius
Mr McCain is a honest & decent Repube. 

My sincere Best wishes 4a speedy recovery but;

it is fortunate 4 him that he has health care. 
A Dem well wishing a Republican.  What's wrong here?
Sticking up for your mole.... cute, like a stomach pump.
proof he's really a Dem. Wish him well. Hope he returns a Republican
wishing congress healthcare insurance for all America too
I can say crap like that since he is my senator. Along with his namesake Flake.
Obamacare is bullshit. More than my job's insurance. It's for illegals and welfare bums
I hope the operation affects his morals too and votes against the "health care" bill. Only way he will get his senses back is brain damage.
Democrat in sheeps clothing.
Second the motion!
he is so lucky to have healthcare paid for by taxpayers + best care at Mayo Clinic & he will vote 4 bill? Screw us
If the voters won't remove him, something will. Of course the Democrats are hoping he will stay. He is one of them
How much fighting would he and his family do if he had lost his Insurance under the Republican healthcare plan?? Something to consider.
Let's smoke a peace pipe in the sweat lodge and summon the ancestors for a speedy recovery.
But I thought he didn't care about people and is trying to kill people and all that nonsense you constantly spout?! Forked tongue devil!

Rats stick together
I gather that John McCain may not be a patsy for Trump. We all know he doesn't know that he is getting worse., Dumb Dodo. No one gonna tell.
Planned Parenthood is a murder factory that needs to be shutdown FOREVER, MAGA!!!
Why are you congratulating him? He is in an enabler of the enemy.... I wonder who is paying for all this health care he is receiving?
And then after he recovers from the top notch medical care we pay for, he'll be able to vote to take away our healthcare.
Its a good thing the Senator has healthcare...
Uh, no. Let him stay the hell out of DC. Indefinitely.
I hope so too. But John, what if you had no medical coverage because of the travesty that is Trumpcare. Vote No, please
Good thing John McCain has good health care.
I wonder if he used his VA...of course not, he went to the Phoenix  Mayo Clinic. He can use his ins anyplace.
Your Democrat friend...you can have him!
John McCain, the Democrat Republican! What was that pardon for, Nixon gave him?
Harry Widdifield 20/20
My thoughts and prayers for him... because we know how well those have worked for America's tragedies, er, um, instead of legislation.
Right on
Yeah I am worried about him. I will pray for him in church tomorrow. I am Catholic.
Because he has reliable healthcare :) I know you're fighting for it, but I fear he isn't.
Hope he's on the mend & back at work soon. Vote NO Senator McCain.
Fellow Navy vet here -- all respect due a vet and pow, but why is he voting against ACA? So many vets rely upon it -- so many will suffer.
Hope he comes back as his former maverick self putting America 1st again. Get Well Sen.
Hey Liz, you should be exposing lu as rs in the Senate. They are scumbags, right. Why don't you start with this one.
Get well soon @SenJohnMcCain
#Trump doesn't like people who get "captured". Guess that's his extended family off the Christmas card list.
Used to respect him, now I think it would be better if he didn't return to the Senate.
Hope he has a speedy recovery.
F that lil puto
Liking the bipartisanship from Warren, even if it is only to run for prez.
It's so great taxpayers have provided him with great health insurance...
Well at least he has good health insurance
@SenWarren, thank you for reaching across the aisle with class and respect. #showemhowitsdone
I hope he dies
EGADS! Not another Hillary hit!!!
He so tuff he gave away strategic classified information to the enemy for prefererencail treatment in a prisoner of war camp! He's a coward!
He's toeing the line. Treason. Call him out. Spare me the polite tweet.
Glad        your    covered... Get well sir.
Good luck sir
He has more time to consider his vote,  DO TJE RIGHT THING Senator
He stil plaing to vote for the Meanest Trump care? Ok
best wishes John. From 
#TheResistance
All the Dems are wishing him well. Republican Rhino
Can you do a Pocahontas dance for him?
Yeah, that fence misses him.
I will be praying for his speedy recovery, we may not agree on everything, but he has guts and honor. @SenJohnMcCain
Sen McCain has proved his courage on more than one occasion. A patriot and great American who recently said the Rep health care bill is doa.
Yea  and so voted for it anyways. Man is that a sign of an  honorable man. Say one think and so the other... Open your eyes
Prayers for a speedy recovery
A speedy recovery?? So he can be back w/o a blink and vote to take away coverage he is receiving right now. He is the enemy. Get tough Liz!
Praying for his son. Glad he has good health care that we pay for.  Sad GOP keeps that good care while taking it from everyone else's.
How nice that he has health coverage - is he just trying to rub it in to the rest of America by thanking the Mayo?
Is his medical problem for public knowledge?  I did not hear he was sick.  Hope he's doing well.
Wishing him the best as one of the more honorable senators in office (present company excepted--love you Sen Warren)
When my knees blew out, I had to use crutches for 2 years as I waited for the VA to do a common surgery. McCain got fast tracked I guess.
Wishing you a speedy recovery John! You still have the People's work to do!
Boy, that sounded like a pretty tricky surgery. I'm sure he had the best at Mayo Clinic. Speedy recovery for sure. #JohnMcCain
Glad his heathcare isn't the same as the American people he can focus on healing
Wish you a speedy recovery Sen McCain! God is still using the old war hero all these years later to halt DT/GOP from harming 23M ppl heroic
Wondering if he has to be thinking about his health insurance. Probably not.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery Senator McCain.
A true patriot and a great American. Prayers for him.
SENATOR McCAIN GET WELL SIR :WE NEED YOUR VOICE !NOW WITH THIS HEALTHCARE !IT IS CRUCIAL! I KNOW GOD WILL HEAL YOU!
SPEEDY RECOVERY SEN MCCAIN.  PRAYING FOR  YOU
good time for him to retire and leave politics. Prime example why term limits needed

Would you send Leonardo Davinci to war? By the way what war were you in?
In a time like this we should leave politics and Healthcare issues out of it I wish Senator McCain a speedy recovery and I hope areal ed.
Our thoughts are with him also, truly. He s/b very thankful he has such wonderful health insurance. ~ MA
Best wishes to @SenJohnMcCain but if he is a YES on Healthcare then I hope he return after the vote.
Mayo Clinic. Wish we could all afford that.
As long as they keep voting that old bastard in you won't!
He is going to heal enough to vote my healthcare away.
No you don't, hypocrites!
Oh noes! Who will make strongly worded statements to generate positive press for himself & then vote for Trump's sickening agenda anyway? 
Don't worry there is still Kasich and Rand paul, Lindsey Graham..
Respect for J McCain. I may not agree with his political views, but his service is untouchable.  Hero! Get well soon John.
Elizabeth Warrenさん

I'm sure he'll make a speedy recovery.

Thank you very much.

@SenWarren @SenJohnMcCain #Massachusetts #マサチューセッツ州
Please send him our well wishes @SenWarren
America deserves great healthcare. Not what we have right now
Good thing he has free healthcare & doesn't have to worry about going bankrupt.
Thank you for a classy post @SenWarren. I am pleased you can put humanity over politics.
John McCain is traitor to his own party senator Warren knows this ,, only reason she claims to care,, don't be fooled
Sen. McCain is championed 4 so many issue from natives to civil right among other sensitive issue to our democracy. I'm deeply concern...
Maybe he'll recover in time to take the healthcare that he enjoys away from millions of Americans
So funny Lizy is wishing John a speedy recovery. Does she realize he hates her guts, and if she got sick & died, he'd spit on her grave.
Pretty slick Cadillac plan to be at a Mayo Clinic. Must be nice, shouldn't he be doing this at the VA?
Get well soon @SenJohnMcCain
And no matter how he is voting on triumph care he is one of the good senators. Certainly a good republican.
These days what exactly is a "good" Republican?  They stopped working on behalf of the people years ago
Let's knock it off with the healthcare comments. He's sick. We wish him well in his recovery.
Why? If he's willing to take that from others and has that power then why should we ever take a break from making that responsibility clear?
Enjoying Socialist Government Health Care while his party (Republicans) are working on keeping us from having it.
It's almost like you are all in one big club and don't actually care about your ideological differences or the evil shit he's going to do
Lets wish him a speedy recovery, so he can rush back to Senate to vote yes on GOP bill that will take away healthcare from 23million people
Try reading the bill! Talking points don't work anymore. We were suckered once, no more!
What is he doing to fight for cancer patients? Nothing. He'll feed them to the wolves if it means he has a nice loyal #Trumpcare sound byte.
Swamp dwellers
Such a class act!
How gracious you are!
