NYT says Comey asked Rosenstein for more resources for Russia investigation – right before firing. DOJ denies.
Stop hiding behind spokespeople. Rosenstein must testify, under oath, at @senjudiciary on his mtgs with @realDonaldTrump & Director Comey.
Right after The Clinton Crime Team are treated the same. #ClintonFoundation #PlayToPay
Ummm...I wonder why?
Again, I will say, history will superglue, all who were involved in aiding & abetting this lying fraudulent #Potus. Especially the # GOP 
Start with Hillary!
Sure, start with Hillary. Then finish with Trump. Her flaws have been acknowledged. But, his followers seem to think he's perfect? Funny.
Idgaf about Trump! Hillary gave us Trump! #BernieWouldveWon  if she hadn't stole the primary!
election is OVER. done. Stop re-litigating. Irrelevant. #trump is scum and he needs to go, now. That's something most give a fu$k about.
You asked,  I responded. You don't like the truth then fo and take your murderous corrupt warmonger primary stealing trick, Hillary, w/u.
Hillary LOST!Deal with it,now move forward for the best of the entire country. U  are dividing the country over THIS RUSSIAN LIE CRAP!
You are a hack. Investigate real #DNC hacker, #SethRich who was murdered in cold blood by Dems. DC police told not to investigate-NOT Russia
Nice to know we won't go quietly!
@AngelGoulet 
Yes, wouldn't want someone who believes in the constitution in that office...
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Verges on constitutional crisis. We need to set aside personal & party power & seek truth for country #citizen #RussianCollusion
Time to impeach and arrest!
Yet today Rosensein made me proud to be American again. The system works thanks to great legal minds of people like Reno and Holder.
Probably because you knew he would laugh every time he saw you try to act like a Senator you fraud.
Senator Warren, we need to get the traitors out of the Federal Government. What is the best way to do that and how can citizens best help?
It may have to come to that.
We have to block any nominee for FBI until independent investigation. Sessions did not recuse.  Rosenstein has not done his job.  #BlockFBI
You're a political hack who endorsed Hillary who epitomized everything you claimed you were against. #BernieWould'veWon you deserve Trump!
You mean, he refused for you to get your way, poor baby!
Glad to know your corruption standard are that low, not to nominate replacement. Sure wouldn't want you to rule by law alone.
If you follow the law, present all evidence to the federal supreme courts, let them decided what happens. Save on wasted money
I amazed Trump didn't just poison Comey at the dinner. A trick I'm sure he picked up somewhere! !
Go back in your hole
One lie after another. Acting Dir. Of FBI  Said no help needed.
So UR vote had nothing whatsoever to do with his qualifications, you just didn't like that he declined to join your witch hunt. Very telling
your gonna get a special prosecutor for Hillary's crimes now be thankful you got what you want chief
We need to have a special prosecutor to look into traitors like you
Keep up the good work Senator Warren
I don't trust Rod Rosenstein. #TrumpRussia #RESISTANCE
You of all people know it's not going to stop nothing. Making you one more lying ass senator
Why don't you vote to keep Americans safe. Pray (or pay) for Lennox who was hit by an illegal
The greatest woman that I've ever met other than my mom
.@SenWarren It's not a criminal investigation & u have now admitted you have NO confidence in our .@FBI agents to conduct the investigation.
Special prosecutor for DNC hack, electioneering, Podesta, HRC Russian uranium deal.
Political hack Pocahontas
You're the best!
Very high stakes here. Thank you for your courage in pursuing an answer re Trump/ Russia collusion.
I think this whole thing stinks to high heaven!
Thank yoy
So why do you think he would appoint one now?
@CaptainsLog2017 @TheJusticeDept he was manipulated and used my Donnie he can't be too bright
#RodRosenstein scapegoat for #trump dirty work. He was overwhelmingly approved by senate, trump used his popularity to get away with murder
For a somewhat more sympathetic take on a good man in a tough spot, see my Tuesday night thread on Rosenstein:
THREAD: The key player here is Deputy Attorney General (DAG) Rosenstein. I spent 5 yrs in the DAG’s office under Obama. Please indulge me.
I agree. I hesitate to brand Rosenstein a bad guy. He's in the Golden Pig Sty, he quickly got spattered w/shit. But maybe not his shit?
Have to have a crime first Pocahontas !
Your a liar you voted against him because he was nominated by a Republican
What are Dems doing to lower my taxes ? What's the plan squaw?
Go back to the tee pee
Talk to him now @SenWarren SenWHe may be having second thoughts.
Somebody get rid of Rosenstein!!!!
right on-
You are my favorite Senator! Thank you! However #45 will do whatever he wants and get away with it!  Keep fighting for us please. Thank you!
Thank you Elizabeth Warren
Please  insist on a special prosecutor and not cooperate with the GOP unless they do and demand his tax returns.
He's shady too
Guess what lady ? You lost, he got the job in spite of your no vote. You have no relevance. Your views are insignificant.
THAT'S RIGHT!
Awsome senator thank you for your srrvice
Bark Bark Bark!!!!
Can someone shut that thing up?
Something NASTY coming through
Twitter and we can hear it Howl!
Cry of the Sodomite fake!
Our government has become a Circus and full of Clowns!!! Ashamed to be a VET and American!!
Thank you. Good for you!!!
The muddy flow of corruption will never cease. You and Bernie are sadly but predictably alone. Dems are lazy, reactionary idiots at best.
There is no issue so why waste time and money #quitplease #voterfraud
Stop what you are doing right now and ask @DAGRosenstein to appt an independent probe into the Russia investigation.
Find me something to fire Comey. It's like the Muslim ban when he asked Guiliani to find a way for me to ban them without saying it's a ban.
You need to focus on Susan Rice and "Fat Cat" Obama's lawlessness before it's too late
Comey refuse to answer everything after he said Hillary had classified on her emails. You all are tarting Trump to keep all H&O bull low.
Kudos to you senator. I respect your efforts to hold the swamp accountable.
Source: Comey's firing timed to coincide with his trip to Los Angeles in order to gain immediate access to Comey's computer systems/files.
You will vote against the republicans any chance you get That's why your party is unhinged
#trickyorangedicky must be off his meds today.
who cares what your phony arse does
And yet you can surely expect to be attacked by those who say you don't have integrity. Thank you, Sen. Warren.
@SallyYates claimed to have full faith in Rosenstein while testifying under oath this past Mon. Do you think she still does?
I'm begging @SenWarren to run #2020. I have crohns and scoliosis. And those runing the country is taking my heath away  #IAmPreExisting
You also voted for HRC which pretty much shows your irrelevance to America's current direction and motivation.
One of six...you are truly a maverick.
my constitutional rights are being ripped out from underneath me please stop 45. I love my America
Elizabeth you are correct thank God you were there
You vote against everything.  What would you say you do here?
did you vote against gorsuch too?? oh well.
No, you did it because ANYTHING that supports President must be fought. You're transparent.  Get new material or better yet, do your job.
I would nominate you as #2. Could call u bull2.
He is like those who patrolled the Warsaw Ghetto on behalf of the Nazis to save their own skin.
THANK YOU
Sounds like a pea brain vote....fake Indian girl
Why isn't dem leadership screaming Cover up w/ Trumps meetg w Russians w/ no US media allowed, but russian media gets carte blanche?
I'm confused...you do not need the Justice Dept. to select a special prosecutor--Congress can do that themselves. Pressure the GOP.???
Oh, aren't you special??
Thank you for working so hard to appoint a special prosecutor
President Trump is doing a great job.he wants what best for the American people.
FAKAUAUNTES go take your LSD  and sing sing around camp fire kum b yz
Well we can see the way this is gonna go...
Thank you, Sen. Warren for oppposoing Rosenstein nomination.
The word cahoots sounds about right.
The U.S. Constitutional Amendments: the only time when 2 Trumps 1.#FreePress
Of couse you did. Your a Dem. robot.
Fool!
Donald Trump "you are FIRED"
And you won't get one--none needed!!
Of course you did bc you would rather see America fail than accept Trump as President. Your resistance does nothing for Massachusetts.
Good for you, Senator!   Please don't let our government become dismantled by our autocratic president. We are a special country. Thank you!
Hey Pocahontas
It's because you were afraid that the prosecutor would be investigating you
With all that's going on with COMEY'S DEMISE, I haven't heard a peep from POCOHONTAS lately. What's going on?
Your a criminal.
Pocohanus
Isn't the truth of the matter that you will vote against any Trump nomination?  How about acting as a patriot and learning to negotiate
I don't trust anyone there right now but I think Rosenstein is a scapegoat.
Go smoke a peace pipe with trump...
He got played? Hmmm not smart or a coward.
Senator Warren is the biggest fraud in the Senate
And he will do so again. Another TRUMP stooge.
#Rosenstein said "...if it's #America against #Russia ..., I think everyone in this room knows which side I'm on."  We do now!  #coverup
You would vote against your husband if he was nominated by Trump. No cred Lizzie.
Thanks @SenWarren many of us are counting on you to help lead the way to the #truth
No surprise u voted no since u are the queen of NO!  Everyone see's thru u and will remember how you are so NOT a team player!
U did good. 2020 lead the ticket please
This is the reason I am your supporter, be that check and balance that Congress is not doing
Keep fighting for us @SenWarren we need you!
I'm beginning to think that the whole entire administration is corrupt why is it so difficult for people to do the right thing!i'm  off
That he did so for excellent reasons doesn't matter, of course. Mind of a flea.
Appoint a #SpecialProsecutorNow
94 to 6.......YOU'RE NOTHING BUT A HACK OBSTRUCTIONIST
I voted against you because you lied about being Native American.
You were able to see, in the future, that he would not name a prosecutor?
Who would think another crooked Baltimorean? I'm moving. Not covered properly on late local news. Local shame.
It's disgustin to c 45th act like this but I saw it cumin as he only wans yes men n Rep need to stand up2him nw or it lks lke thy hidinsumin
Trump used Rosenberg ,now he has a dumb guy to take all the blame so Trump walks away free'.Trump sees himself as King but he's just SERVANT
#resist, #mynextpresident
You know when we needed a special prosecutor? When the Attorney General met with the husband of the subject of an investigation on a plane.
You need to show your colleagues how to be loyal to their country. They are going to look really bad behind trump
Get 'em @SenWarren!!! We want the truth, and we know you will speak up for us. #Trumprussia #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation
Thank-you for your service!
I wished you put as much effort into the Clinton scandals as you do with Trump issues then you could be fair. No party try being American
Yrxt
You now have a special prosecutor, Donald Trump!
Please resign. Comey was fired because of the Russians? You need help! You're such an embarrassment
Does the @FBI Know Where You Are—What You Are Doing? 2016 #SCOTUS gives   FBI more hacking power http://bit.ly/1VEaUdl  Government hacking
TY. The Senate better not allow hearings on an FBI director. No more business should be done until we find out what the hell is going on.
So don't hold your breath on him naming one.
this should be common sense of their is potential conflict of interest
You're so brave Liz.  Almost like you have warrior instincts or something 
Dude. Please inform yourself. I've been watching fox "news" in horror. Y'all are being lied to and kept from the whole truth..fox+others SAD
Hi Susie, I try not to watch Fox... but the hypocrisy is real. 
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
#DrainTheSwamp 
Ya, comey sucks.. the point is the timing and how the wh changes the story.. did you read the 2nd paragraph of his letter to comey?
Yes I did it's class Trump and is meant to poke at the media.  Brilliant in my humble opinion.  I would have went even farther.
Seriously?Attached to the arm of media, is all of us! Fuck that!Ok.We disagree on a crazy level.Let's stopI don't even know how converse
It's ok  we should support our President through his administration.  And the. ReElect him or get someone else in there.  Obstruction sucks
Oh no way..anyone that cares about this country cannot also support him
Well done! Thank you for being on our side.
We need "SPECIAL" everything to get #45, VP, Session, McConnell, clueless GOP's, Ryan #coverup #impeach #prison
Do you agree to anything? You're a born loser.
Keep up the good work Senator :)
Keep pushing for a full investigation!
Do you read your tweets? So Rod would not commit to what you wanted, so he recvd your no vote. He needed to get into the job to review.
though I'm outside your jurisdiction, thank you for your work and support of the people you serve.  you make America great.
Well aren't you special.
You're pretty much the mom of America.
In my book, Senator, your only wrong decision was not running for president.

Stop congratulating yourself and DO SOMETHING about this situation. Tweets only go so far, for goodness sakes. BTW, I admire you!
And she persisted!!! Thanks @SenWarren
Maybe that, but mostly because your incompetent and a liar.
Lieawatha: still campaigning:)
Rosenstein threatened to resign bc Trump said he fired Comey based on his advice. Rosenstein is part of Trumps gang of "whatever it takes".
What's new? Gopeers have control & they aren't going 2 let go without a fight. Thank you for your help but we're not done until they're gone
He also threatened to resign rather than being blamed for Comey dismissal. As a professor you should applaud his doing research first.
Good .
We need someone who will investigate the ties to Russia ! Someone also needs to look into ethics and conflict of interest
Quit it mrs Warren. The funds should be put in to investigate which Dems pockets were lined during email scandals and Susan Rices lying??
Special Prosecutors are appointed when there is a CRIME for which prosecution is required. Trump is innocent of any crime.
