yes, lets work with R's to fix our existing law.  It's not perfect we need to get this done !
Will never happen Democrats did not include the Republicans when drafting Obamacare. Republicans need to go ahead & use the nuclear option
ha ha ha ......who fed you that bullshit story...go look at the facts
Bahahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha BS look it up.
#Cult45 believes ONLY breitbart
Here ya go, Mark
79 meetings. 181 testimonies. 18 months

https://www.congress.gov/congressional-record/2017/3/10/house-section/article/H2041-1 …
Again what part of ACA did Republicans contribute none of their ideas are in it no Republicans voted for it it belongs to the demobrat's.
my god....learn the facts...it was a bipartisan effort. .I'm not here to school you on facts.  Learn them
Single payer and universal health care.  Why can't the USA have it?
Like Medicare? Wife has it and we love it.
Of course we can. How do most of the developed nations pay for it?
 Taxes, that's how. I love to pay my taxes!
http://usdebtclock.org  My bet is Bruce has never visited this site and probably will not now. Clearly Sen Warren does not know debt per cit
money and pay up. Raise taxes on those able to pay and cut spending.  Simple, huh? You don't support USA
Hey Liz. Can I call you Liz? Listen, we don't want to save ACA. We want single payer, medicaid/medicare for all universal health care. Now.
That's what she wants too but step by step , it's not possible until you get a progressive majority which I think she will lead.
She won't lead it. She destroyed herself with progressives during the MA primary. She'll never be the progressive hero she used to be.
I don't agree, no politician is perfect , if you look at her with an open mind I think she's the perfect candidate to pull the U.S back left
That's your opinion. Sadly, just like those with the opinion HRC is Jesus in a pantsuit, there's not enough of you to win an election
So if you're looking for a consensus candidate to pull the country left, look elsewhere. She's not it.
Who is then?
At the moment, Bernie is the closest we have. But he's old. There are up and comers, but they're not proven. There's no easy answers
There is nothing affordable about it.
When will you accept our POTUS? Obamacare is dead! The government cannot and should not pay for everyone. Work with GOP!
It's not affordable dummy
Wars we are paying 670 billion a year for , while vets are homeless and citzens go w/o adequate healthcare.
Hallelulha!  You/we did it!
American wish you sen have that F Obamacare for yourself
Senator Elizabeth Warren, I will fight with you and I derived from the Canadian model where every citizen is covered Every American too
If they aren't a citizen then they aren't an American. Just so you know.
Yes, we know that Troy! We're talking about how divided your health care system is in America.. Health care is a RIGHT not a PRIVILEGE 
I don't agree. Healthcare is not a right under our constitution. It is a Controversial issue, but not a constitutional right.
We in America vote against progress. It how the system was designed. The cooperation teaches them to vote against coherently sound policy
Our viewpoint and our political views differ greatly. I'll keep mine. You should consider rethinking yours. Try educating yourself.
Why can't the GOP work with Dems to fix the ACA?  Why does it have to be repealed?
Because it was a nearly criminal, Marxist plan to begin with.
If you believe that you are bat crazy, so let citizens suffer/die... Start pissing off the masses, by taking away care. Great idea, not.
She's fighting back
This is a dead horse, let it go. You had 8 years to fix it, patch it and revive it and now it's time to pull the plug.
You should be trying to FIX IT, not just save it. My deductible HAS TRIPLED and premiums doubled.
Mine, too. Why can't they work TOGETHER and figure it out?!
Because #politics. Everyone knew from the outset this was going to happen, GOP had 7 years to develop replacement DEMS had 7 to fix it 1/2
Dems couldn't fix it with a republican majority sabotaging Obamacare
Dems had no interest in fixing http://it.GOP  apparently didn't either, all repeal no replace.
#ProtectOurCare
Then get in there and help not complain
If you want to save it, find a source for the $100 billion or more a year it will take... quit obstructing, NEGOTIATE! with Trump!
ACA kills middle class Americans! We get our free well-care visit but if they find something your screwed, can't afford it.
Troll
We want single payer or medicare for all.
I'm guessing it would only cover approximately 50% if that
ACA is not Medicare for all. I don't know where you stand.
She is in the news today saying it's time for single payer, her stance is clear.
ACA is not single payer, so what is it? Fight for ACA or fight for single payer?
It's step by step , stop the GOP bill to keep the ACA , then campaign for single payer and implement it when you have a majority.
Unless there's no emphasis to actually pursue single payer, i do not support keeping the ACA long term. They killed single payer in CA
Warren said that the ACA is a conservative idea so she agrees with you but it is better than the GOP plan ,then you push single payer.
The ACA is what is "killing" Americans! No one can afford the premiums or deductables, so they just don't go to the doctor when they need to
Coalminers were against the ACA, until they realized it covered blacklung. These were trump supporters. Now theyre worried bout loosing it.
Healthcare is about dignity, not tax cuts. #ShePersisted
Let me keep my money and I can spend it on the health care I want. Or do you not trust me as a citizen? Where's the dignity in that?
Gordon has 1 followers and doesn't understand how insurance works, pay no attention to these accounts
Socialized medicine is just great if all you need is a flu shot and you have an earache but get something complex not happening
Those 2 things are mutually exclusive.
Jeez. When are you going to retire? You need to get out so democrats can redeem themselves. You are one that caused them to lose. Go away.
Are you kidding? It was set ip@to fail so HRC could implement Single payer during her reign. Coronation didn't happen thx to Patriots! #MAGA
The ACA was flawed too many compromises made to make it pass.  Put party politics aside work with Rep colleagues. Former life long Dem.
What DC Dems needed to do was to fight for the last 7+ years and not let R's have open field to bash ACA. Now we are at a damn disaster.
I agree Senator Elizabeth Warren @ACLU Lawfirm
UNAFFORDABLE NO CARE ACT!!!!!!
Are you aware that the disastrous Obamacare allows muslims to opt out? Bye bye Obamacare!!
So, it was ok to lie to Americans about Obamacare, huh? Pelosi: "We need to pass the bill so we can all see what's in it." F that!
Just like a career politician keep throwing taxpayer money at it and expect something different to happen. CAN'T change. Take DNA test
Pocahontas taking one too many tokes on the peace pipe

If you want to improve health care for Americans then get the federal government the Hell out of health care!
You are 
We veterans were against Obamacare because we already had low quality care at Veterans Affairs and toxic mold at Walter Reed Medical Center.
Dont forget YOUR Illegals

Speaking of lying, have you taken the ancestry DNA test yet. If you are Native American I have a great Indian name for you. "Crazy Bitch".
Typical EW, one loser chasing to keep another
You want to pay for my 116% increase in payments for little to no service? Obumnercare is an atrocity on all Amerixan taxpayers
No you must pass sanctuary city legislature to keep us safe. That is more important. Less money spent on lawbreakers more for taxpayers
Repeal Obamacare, build the wall,lower taxes, stop the hate that is most important Elisabeth. Stop protecting illegals law breaker e Warren
What you must do is repeal it. What you should have done long ago was fix it. What you and @SenSchumer want is socialized medicine @POTUS
You can move to their country and fund them with your money that's sound like a good idea to me. We pay you to screw us and lie to us
Elisabeth just focus on boarder security and getting rid of sanctuary city's most normal thinking people want that.
Take the test!
Where 30 million people forced to sign up for health insurance
Why would you want to keep FAILING Obamacare?
How do you get it's affordable healthcare act when insurance premiums have skyrocketed cause of obama bullshit
My Senators support the #BCRA- help me share my story to fight for the vulnerable citizens of NC!
Pocahontas Warren Refuses Brilliant "Troll Gift" From Her Senate Opponent http://truthfeed.com/pocahontas-warren-returns-brilliant-troll-gift-by-her-senate-opponent/87351/ … via @truthfeednews
You want to fight for a bad health care bill but do not fight to find out what happened to Seth Rich .quiet as a mouse Elisabeth why
Yes people will die! Watch this informative video:
Screw families. I pushed it so billionaires would take me on around the world vacations.
When politicians say this it sounds like copy and paste
You forgot to mention you must keep fighting to end so you can bring in socialism. Far better ways here is one
Ok Sen. Warren, you use it!
You are the reason we are in this mess....
Save a dead turd. Sounds just like democrats
Fibber and inciter.
Improve? what World are you living in? Co's cancel family cov, fees 2x, friend pays $1400 mo w/$10k ded! You've done enough. #worthless
You haven't contributed anything except the mess of Obamacare. All you do is fearmonger and vilify Republicans.
Last time Dems ran health care thousands died. Called the VA.
U must keep fighting so that @BarackObama has a legacy and isn't completely forgotten in 20 yrs. By the time @POTUS is done he's irrelevant
Also I have been emailing you for over a year for you to explain how illegals are good for America and Americans? She won't reply
What world are you living in Mrs Warren surely not ours. If it is so good why don't you have it?
How do rising premiums and unaffordable deductibles help?
The word Affordable in the act is an Oxymoron...lol
You are kidding, the Act is on life support, and is actually dead, ins. companies are fleeing....
It's failing don't you look at the news. What are you talking about? Fake Senator
Contradiction of terms.
Life, Liberty, Pursuit of happiness.  Nothing about govt involved in getting health care. Founders never promised us anything but #freedom
You couldn't run the VA either, and it not healthcare it's health INSURANCE your pushing.
Really? Why didn't you do that the previous eight years?
What's wrong with you. 7 yrs and the plan is failing. Insurance comp. are leaving daily. Do something right and support the new bill!!
Why not endorse purchasing across state lines? Tort reform? Obamacare is just not affordable 4 most. All of Congress should be on it.
Can you tell me what the heck is affordable about this.  My son's house payment is less, he hasn't seen a doc in 5 years as a result
When the Dems lied and forced it down our throats, you didn't fight to have it repealed.  It's imploding.  Let it die.
Yep! Watch it go down in flames! Hope it takes you with it! BTW, you tweet 82% more than Trump!
keep on fighting your not doing any one any good.Just admit you hate the president.Nothing he does will be good enough for you
It's failing! How will you save it? What's your plan!?
Where have you been, pocahontas? Our Vets have needed good Healthcare for decades. Hypocrite.
Fighting while your on another vacation. Thanks.
what about saving the lives of innocent babies?!?! Ur an evil witch!!
You and your DemocraP (and GOP) friends go on it first- but no, you have a special plan and only the stupid public is forced to be on it.
You really mean illegal aliens and refugeehadis
Let's fight for that Obamacare that no one can afford and that is falling apart. Dems did not improve healthcare.
ACA cancelled my insurance.
Stuff it Liawatha Pocahontas
DOA
Unless you're a veteran trying to get healthcare through the VA. In that case we don't give a shit. 

There, I fixed it 4 u Pocahontas.
Pocahontas, the end always justify the means for you and your Dem. comrades.  Communism is what you seek.  I pray that you fail.
The ACA is dead. It was built to die and the people that wrote it and voted for it are to blame.
Save what ACA? It's bank rupt. The 3.1 million on it will be without by January
affordable please great example for drug testing how many died when their doctors were taken away cricket cricket  @Veteran4Trump
Please, for goodness sake, stop trying to help us. It's TOO expensive!
You are so funny. Ha ha ha
You didn't get it right the first time......and yet to continue to cling to it like a life raft.
Oh Lizzy, you live in a fantasy World! What Insurance companies will be around to give the ACA another chance? No dignity whatsoever! 
More like the the unaffordable health care brought @BarackObama
Once more... health INSURANCE is not health CARE! Insurance does not give you health care! Sheez people think!
Especially as soon as you all return to work.  We need to fight big time.  God be with us American people.
Why don't you work on the VA... you know, something that really kills Americans.
The GOP is fighting to save what's left of the ACA, while Dems lie, complain, and do nothing!
Those are fundamentally incompatible goals.
There goes d moronic senatorrr & her oxymoron idea. U can't "improve hc 4 American fams" when d ty ACA that's shoved our throats, is gone
Please see the VA for the best example of how a government run single payer system.  Go sell crazy somewhere else
Elizabeth, please Resign. Immediately.
ACA SUCKS!!!
If ACA is so good, why did Congress exempt themselves from it?

Save an average of $2500...increased cost $4500
Keep your doctor...nope, and many quit
Written 2 implode after O left office.
You are a joke
Liz: the results are in and ACA has made health outcomes WORSE and not better than before!
https://is.gd/results_1 
The 2700 pages Democrats bragged they didn't read even as Gruber(D) taunted D voters are "stupid"
That you in Congress exempted yourselves from...  because it is so...  good
WRONG!!!  SO OUT OF TOUCH!
Give American families the same pay as you get, we'll do just fine.
If @SenWarren wasn't so stupid, as most dem women have become, this would be hilarious.
Shes BS..Fucahontis..Dont believe her..Read it for yourself on line Dizzy Lizzy LIES..Like MOST often the BRAIN DAMAGED Dems..LIES LIES LIES
Wacky Weirdo Dizzy Lizzy Borden AKA..Fucahontis..Something Very Wrong With her..She is BRAIN DAMAGED..The way she goes off..Dems R Done..
You put a gun to our heads and forced use to buy your insurance. Why not do the same to  insurance providers and force them to stay in?
You need to use the same healthcare you pass.
You have no clue - affordable care act destroyed my health insurance
We must fight to get Pocahontas's ass voted out of office.
You are a true #POS. Hands down. Resign.
ACA does opposite!You're a partisan hack that lies to her base to selfishly stay in power.They suffer believing & living your lies.Heartless
If ACA is so good why don't you have it?  Why does the VA suck, that's gift run?!!!
Government not gift
@ManMet80  ELIZABETH HELP ON TRUMP REQUESTING ALL VOTER ROLLS IN ALL 50 STATES
My premiums went from $700 per month to $1,458. Let's not fight to save it! I can't afford anymore of your favors. This is real world.
Hi from Canada, single payer avoids medical debt but our healthcare is shit. Keep your amazing system before it is destroyed.
Decrepit old hospitals, months long wait times for specialists & exams like ultrasounds. I go to USA for great medical attention.
Actually we need #HR676. Are you against or for #Medicare4All?
You Native Americans don't have a great history of fighting...
She needs to be scalped.
It's a garbage fire.
It'll die it's own death. Couldn't afford the co-pays and Premiums.
They cannot afford it. Insurance companies have bailed. Premiums are outrageous. Fixing it is not possible.
You only care about yourself not the people. Dems lie cheat kill what ever to win. Stops now anyone who supports abortion will lose
#TermLimits #Feauxcahontis
Republicans need to defund Planned Parenthood... too many babies died already under O' plan. That's not healthcare but a crime!
Lets see fighting 4 less than 40 hr working jobs Fighting 4 forced health care Fighting 4 higher health care costs All because of Ocare
could we get the cost down?
Just need to make the Affordable Care Act actually affordable. Try that.
We must keep fighting to #MAGA and make #AmericaFirst!!!!
Pocahontas, Obamacare is dead and improving healthcare for American families is precisely what the rest of us Americans are trying to do
We need single payer health care. Improved preventable care. Limits on futile care.
You had 7 years to fix it! Sheesh! It was designed to fail. Don't tell me you didn't know that.
We should scrap all of it. Govt does belong in insurance. Remove the barriers from insurance companies. Remove State lines.
You keep fighting honey! Lol
How about fighting for the MOST vulnerable of our citizens,the weak, innocent/defenseless, one million citizens aborted every year #defundPP
What on earth are you talking about? It completely failed!
ALL FREELOADERS That Receive Free or Subsidized Health Care, they Run the Claims through the Roof. Paid for by Working Families
The ACA is destroying the middle class and been proven a failure get off your high horse Pocahontas
Fighting for a failed policy. That's such an "Obama" thing to do 
At this point, that's what the GOP is doing. So why don't you and other Dems help?
If you don't care enough to make health care better for vets, why would you care enough to make it better for anyone?
Shes only fighting for then money she stands to lose when odumbercare is abolished
The ACA needs to crash and burn. Who cares if it destroys the taxpayers, as long as your obstruction is a success.
@BillH1059 @SenWarren well, to fight you actually have to care
I went to my doctor today. He said sorry you can't keep your doctor and your plan is gone too. But the deductible when up 400% TY #obamacare
Yup right after all the senators jump on failing #obamacare we might help in the fight.  Right now you're just a hypocrite
Ha ha ha. You are fighting for what?  Opportunistic usery.
Your next
