#MedicareForAll would greatly improved this dire situation affecting our entire nation! Thank you for supporting @SenSanders bill!
Because opioids are handed out to folks with things like a sprained ankle. Having constant healthcare access could prevent addiction.
#MedicareForAll is the natural progression from the ACA. It was always designed to move us to Universal Healthcare
Which is why we need healthcare care for all regardless if circumstance!
Shouldn't the Dems be having a sit-in for more drug laws?
Perhaps doctors shouldn't be writing prescriptions. They've become the new drug dealers.
How bout this lez. You get caught with drugs, go to prison, go cold turkey, straighten up, get out, get a job, become a conserv rep. Welcome
I have always admired you Senator Warren. I am a nurse from Ohio. I am interested in what you found?
Why do dumbasses in Massachusetts become addicted to opioids?
Solve the problem of the DEMAND.  Stop treating the symptom.
Can't you stop the flow of drugs into your state
Joseph, I am a nurse and love an opioid addict. Why shouldn't you have to spend a dime on this issue?
What providers? You can't figure out Healthcare for Americans so they have providers and insurance and you act like you care about this?JOKE
Build the wall and enforce borders - biggest help!!
Insurance companies are refusing to pay for pain mngmt for WA MediCaid pts b/c they think drug tests are excessive. Ridiculous!
https://twitter.com/georgiadirtroad/status/906123761149235200 …
one word : kratom
Phony
How about stopping doctor's from prescribing so many of these pills?  Start there.
I hope you include patients with chronic long term disease the knee jerk reaction is giving them.  It is unbearable !! Cruel
Redirect planned parenthood funding to opiod care #MAGA
Stop punishing chronic pain patients
Crack is still ravaging MA Senator...
Ok. You represent Massachusetts, elections are coming up and you are finally realizing there is an opioid problem. No coincidence here.
Are you going to claim to be a junkie now Pocahontas?
Sounds like the ones in charge of ma.should be thrown out of office
Omg you work?
And you will do 1 of 2 things.  Tax the middle class  to spend a trillion $ on a million $ problem.....or nothing at all.
Rather than waste more taxpayer $$ on "treatment" how about disincentivizing addiction with harsh punishment.
So much easier to throw our money at it. Money is their only solution
Opioid epidemic is a problem because it hit the white neighborhood hard. But crack in the "Brown" is not? Oh, I'm not black. That's......
Put people back to work, quit giving our jobs to illegals,and stay away from politics,.
Maybe start looking for the causes instead of treatments for the use? That'd help.
SENATOR BELIEVE THIS THE BIBLE IS NOT A TREATH! IT IS A WARNING! AND A GUIDE ON HOW TO ALTER IT!
LATELY  THESE HURRICANES HAVE ACCURED EVERY 3 TO 4 YEARS SO WE HAVE TIME; BEFORE NEXT MAJOR!
SENATOR THIS IS POSSIBLE OTHERWISE I WOULD NOT SAY IT! YOU CAN AGREE WITH ME OR DISAGREE! BUT I HAVE YET TO BE WRONG!
1. Quit calling addicts criminals 
2. Decriminalize all drugs
3. Treat addiction 
4. Federally legalize marijuana
A Lowell Soboxone prescriber takes street drugs in lieu of payment and resells them. Start there.
And those darn menthol cigarettes
SENATOR  IN 3 YEARS  WE CAN ACCOMPLISH THIS !WE WOULD OF DECREASED POLLUTION BY A HIGH DEGREE! I KNOW GOD THROUGH NATURE WILL DO SOMETHING!
Lower taxes and let the nuclear family be a thing again. Address the root causes or you will be exposed for the Communist you are.
Nthe interim..start think'g jobs fr them after recovery. Lrn most Hve gven up n life. Hopelessness their permanent friend.
Sounds like your state is all a bunch of drug heads...the way you act you probably are too!
Please understand the people who NEED pain medicine to function are being dehumanized, demonized and treated like junkies. Help them too!
Maybe keep the drugs from coming here would help! Like with a wall!
It is your fault. Keep pushing drugs. Evil liberals help no one
As a recovering opioid addict, Lizzie, I'm familiar with this epidemic in MA. I think it's outstanding you're taking it so seriously. Thanks

This is the problem with democratic party now- they are thinking & acting like republicans. Poverty & War on drugs is big $ maker for many.
War on drugs is a sham 2 put certain ppl in prison Opioid crisis creating opioid refugees pple w pain have 2 go out of state for treatment
Sen Elizabeth Warren @taking care of Opioid Matter is caring for working HOURS & proper conduct of people's behavior productive Happy 
...racist branding of itself. Like Trump "I like the blacks". You people really need to examine yourselves in your self righteousness...
Ok sitting squaw. And where were you yesterday ????
Don't worry, Trump already declared it an emergency over a month ago. And since then he's ...uh...he's....*scratches head*
Exactly. Because of the idiots who want to use opioids recreationally people who really need them are now treated like 21st century lepers.

They said build the Wall 
Treat the damn cause not the symptom!
Maybe start with the Pharm companies pushing opioid pills like tic tacs. Also if doctors would stop giving 30 pills for a toothache.
Legalize marijuana at the federal level. Problem solved. Easy.
You have to get rid of freedom, or of the drugs, or both. Talk of anything else, is little more than that. #WhereAmIWrong
What was your favorite Dr Obama doing for 8 years really?
When will you retire?  I definitely want to live at least that long - so I can die happy.
Start wiping out the opium fields that aren't under controlled in Afghanistan!
you're a horrible senator.
We should start by prosecuting @purduepharma who pushed opiates as treatments for increasingly minor ailments until it started killing ppl
Agreed, I told the doctor at the hospital to fuck off after trying to prescribe morphine for her kidney stones.
What have you done for U.S Veterans?
less oxy more cannabis scripts
