Mass and CT should prepare for a large influx of citizens from Puerto Rico..moving to our states..
You mean apart from the worst ever hurricane, flooding and dam burst, Nana?
@SenWarren is the only government official I trust*.
Trump is unfit to lead this country. Please, Elizabeth, get him out.
Tweeting this is OK but what action have you taken to help?  #TimeIsOfTheEssence
I made donations. What actions have you taken?
Hi @delphineblue glad you have done something to help. Here in Newark we worked with RU-N to send essentials to PR.
What is wrong with you? Are you watching CNN?
Trump is punishing them for not being white enough or rich enough. If Mar-a-lago was there clean up would have started day 1
Tell that to the person occupying our house, It seems very lil is being done by this govt to curtail this Demented #WorstPresidentEver
I agree a.THE GOP refuses to curtail him. The GOP are complicit  and agree with the cruelty being done to Vulnerable Americans by Trump.
Sure, you are all talk. Trump is great leader.
Any thoughts on the Jones Act not being granted/temporarily waved in the face of this immediate humanitarian crisis senator?
We have sent them billions of dollars in aid. Thousands of volunteers are there. They need to distribute the aid not sit in it.
As a Floridian I Care. Send help.
Have you  donated @NeilyaSmith
Ships full of goods cannot get into port. Obstructionism from Mayor who somehow had a tshirt printed. All politics
How much did you donate to the red cross?
BTW, are you still flipping houses?
Meh, we got this thing called the Jones Act.
Fed Gvt has failed them, both. Asst. was way too slow & fed asst that is there is disorganized.
But our Federal Government has forgotten them
PEOPLE ARE DYING BY THE MINUTE!  LIFT THE JONES ACT!!!  @realDonaldTrump 
Their votes don't count so to Trump neither does their lives or suffering.
What is taking so long!!!!!!!
sadly the federal government in place just doesn't care. America has lost its humanity. until it happens to them.

The government hasn't forgotten them, but our so-called president obviously has.
https://twitter.com/CBSNews/status/913201596229718026 …
On the doc since Saturday. More shipping is useless.
Frustration mounts in Puerto Rico as relief supplies arrive, but delivery to people in need is nearly impossible http://cbsn.ws/2hxvqjS  
Very insightful. Did you go to college to construct such a common sense statement or did your staff phone it in. #yikes #oversimplifymuch
The "all we can" must be better. You can do more
Shut up the gov said POTUS  is doing everything humanly possible get off your lazy butt and go help then ..where u at your 5 mil mans?
A week late and a dollar short!
It's taken way to long to help them.
So tell us what you've done for them this past week while they've been pleading for help from ALL of you?!
Your tweet is just words @SenWarren Unless you're actively fighting to waive The Jones Act and get help to PR yesterday, DC has failed US.
It's not the governments fault supplies are on the ground n the fault lies with private sector trucking , infrastructure and  Destruction ..
How much is everything?
What a change in tone!
I guess u have missed his tweets and the that Rubio already went and came back.
Think the president already responded.   He told me to tell you thanks for the backup
It is doing everything and more. Thank you @realDonaldTrump
Please evacuate all people and shut the island down.  We can move people to your state.  We need to take a right off!
#RepealTheJonesAct Please help Puerto Rico!
They remember them, they just don't actively give a fuck.
It will take some convincing after last  week.
Can you tell @MarcAnthony that before he starts cursing and telling everyone to shut up?!
Hurry up , please
Why the long response
When are you heading down to help out?
Have you mailed a personal check out and over to them yet.. Millionaires in congress need to set example and send their own money first?
desperately need military intervention to distribute the diesel, Hospitals are shutting down , they don't have diesel to operate. dying
Is there any way to suspend the Jones Act (Cabotage) from Puerto Rico and let any country, any port, take humanitarian help directly to PR?
Thank you for acknowledging the  dire situation the people in PR are dealing with.  Something @realDonaldTrump has ignored to focus on NFL
Please do exactly that, Senator. I live in Massachusetts and care about this!
Thank you Senator
Atlanta is already working on sending supplies I don't see anyone else stepping up
...angars and ports. PLEASE the west coast, center, south, east coast also needs these supplies ASAP!!!!
PR needs real experts to restore communications on the Island. We also need logistic on how to distribute the goods that are sitting at the
We need the women leaders to speak up and comfort the Puerto Rican people! Please
Hahahaha

Maybe between the US government and the celebrity contributions park a couple cruise ships could feed and house 1000s and provide medical
Faster!
do your job and tell the people that FEMA has been there working hard, relief workers and agencies do not need this bull
But they know the real deal with the so called president- he's a pos
Everything that Trump will allow.
Please stop they have been with funding sending emergency teams and emergency aid
Trump: 'Rave reviews' from Pt.Rico.

Waive the Jones act and get those supplies distributed!!!!  They are just sitting there as we watch our families starve
Elizabeth Warren for 2020
They are getting help right now. Military on the ground. Food/water being delivered.Need people on the ground to get to mountain areas
So I'm going to com
Complain about everything
@REALDONALDTRUMP administration on Tuesday denied a request to waive the Jones Act.  Sad!
Fake news, they don't seem too "forgotten" Pocahontas 
We all want to know, have they?Say it stop beating around the snowflake bush. Help.
The people of Puerto Rico saw their "POTUS" default 33 Mio of his tax debt to  & block foreign aid from arriving. It's a genocide!
The people of Puerto Rico saw their "POTUS" default 33 Mio of his tax debt to , then blocking foreign aid from arriving. It's a genocide!
Horrifyingly, that is the word for it. #HelpPuertoRico
Thx Pocahontas.
Something we agree on without caveat.  It's a good first step.
Lets realize one thing Houston Florida Puerto Rico...where is the money gonna come from..I suggest all the wealthy elites donate.
How about bringing an end to, not suspension of, and end to the Jones Act?
We need law and order. People are losing what little they have left to armed burglars. Please, help!
Heck of a good idea.  Administration already on this in case you hadn't heard.  You and Pelosi hard at it this morning.  Kidding!
@upick1then how much have you. Given Elizabeth ?
But what about the great big ocean?
US govt is Capitalist. (aka Thieves) They don't help those in need, they look for ways to benefit from their despair, demonize the victims.
Will a tweet make you feel better? LOL
POCAHONTAS IS A MILLIONAIRE OPPORTUNIST
Trump had to complain about the NFL first, that had priority.  Plus, as we all know, he doesn't work on weekends. #WarrenFranken2020
This is the biggest failure since Katrina! Shame on the US government to be this neglectful! Thanks @realDonaldTrump 
Elizabeth, you're just trying to be popular. Trump will take care of Puerto Rico and USVI. Your total phony.
It doesn’t help if the president doesn’t know they exist.

The people of Puerto Rico are not  us citizens
Democrats need to start shrieking: PR, USVI, Jones act not waived, private e-mail servers, etc., etc.
So do you think if clinton won she would move in with Bill and rip off P/R like they did Haiti? have you examine recent democrat schemes?
The president is taking care of it. Like he is everything else.  Go away Warren.
But you are not doing EVERYTHING POSSIBLE.
Thanks captain obvious!
Jones Act suspension
So you blame @POTUS when Congress could have changed this years ago?  Why do you care now, liar?
But you Dems support this too:
Fet off your ass and appropriate some funds to the Pocahantas.
Then stop tweeting and do your job Senator!
We need distribution. Military trucks and helicopters are missing! People in mtn. towns are desperate...distro plan is abysmal
Congress plz save US citizens! Waive #JonesAct #PuertoRico @realDonaldTrump is racist and owes $33 mill to PR for bankruptcy. He won't help.
It's not so much that we need to know, it's that the federal gov needs to do! Repeal Jones Act! #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
You're a senator, you don't know how to find out? Stick with your bogus equifax investigation, that'll have no outcome
By talking? They need real help. They need restrictions lifted.
Can't you find anything more to do than tweet?  No wonder congress has such a low approval!   You make no sense go back to the res squaw!!!!
Except it has and it isn't.
Gov of PR Briefed @POTUS in SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & commitment to the PR people 
Trump looks to demonstrate his white privilege: Supports KKK, takes away health care for women, calls out blk athletes, & slow aid to PR
@realDonaldTrump NO NO YOUR NOT hurry up and get This idiot w his own agenda out of the WH. Make exception remove SHIPPING LIMITS
The church killer was an immigrant dumb ass don't change the discussion.
But it kinda looks like they have been forgotten.
Get down there and help Liz - I’m sure they’d appreciate it!
Prove it. Repeal the Jones Act now. It is strangling the Americans in PR and will keep them in poverty forever.
No... apparently the Trump admin isn't.
Pocohantes what have you actually accomplished besides tweeting the entire day and screaming on the floor of the senate?
.Senator Warren, the reality is my family in PR feel they are American citizens that noone cares.  #citizenstoo .
Feds need to do something more to help people of Puerto Rico. We can see on TV that the people are suffering. Actions speak loudest.
Really ?
They know that they are the wrong color for this administration to care.  You guys only care about white peeps in Red states.
That's why they need you in the WH, Trump don't care about them
Or we can tell them that the reality is that since they're not predominantly white, the #RacistInChief doesn't care about them.
@fema is withholding food and water from PR. Donations are being stored and NOT distributed. People are DYING @CNNEE
That's why their governor praised @realDonaldTrump for US response.
I don't think the government forgot them. Government just wants to bleed them and hold them hostage for every cent they don't have.
Do it faster!
But reality is federal govt is not doing everything it can.
But first, we need to take care of those colored boys disrespectin the flag!
I know I can count on you. Those ships need to there. It's not just the city of San Juan but the small towns too. Please! Thank You!
Good USA we all know why it’s happening just admit it… Feels like 1940 not 2017…
Puerto Rico needs their independence. Today.
PUERTO RICO  should be a state.

#HHS and the entire federal government are committed to the people of #PuertoRico and #USVI as they recover from #Maria & #Irma 1/
Proof here that government sucks at this.
REPEAL THE JONES ACT.
You have the power to speak to the press and make a difference. Many Puerto Ricans live in MA.We're AMERICANS. PLS. HELP OUR PEOPLE.

Supplies are sitting at airports while people are suffering in the coastal and central parts of the island. P.R. is more than San Juan.
Senator. Thx. But not enough. Need Jones Act Waiver. Need the military to assume control. The military can solve this logistics nightmare.
I don't think the Dipshit in charge cared because they aren't swing states and they aren't white. Did he even know Puerto Rico was even US?
but it isn’t.
Shout it out!!

You left Puerto Rican tax payers with a $33M bill for your bankrupt golf course 2015 http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2017/may/04/florida-democratic-party/did-bankrupt-trump-golf-course-puerto-rico-leave-t/ … 
No, @SenWarren the govt is doing nothing to help the people of PR. Lift the Jones Act immediately and get them the supplies they need.
Warren,go down to PR and fix it for the people!
Senator, people are already dying in hospitals because diesel is runnig out.  We NEED faster response.  POTUS & Congress need to act NOW
too late for that idea!!
Are you advocating for the temporary repeal of the Jones Act so needed supplies can get to Puerto Rico?
She is only being a mouthpiece.
Build on sand vs build on brick, pocahantas forgot difference.
These people need a massive response like the Army.  They can coordinate in disasters and are trained to do so
It is???  Coulda fooled me.....
Why is this becoming political? The military is doing all it can for now.
Babies with no clean water or formula.  We are all watching how our leaders respond.  This is time to lead and do...not talk politics
and we need to get rid of the Jones Act.  It hurts PR and Hawaii in cost of goods imported. We are no longer in WWII and Germany no threat..
...This is true Life and Death.  This is what we remember most...when our friends, families, and neighbors suffer.  Stay on it please.
Great that you're paying attention now.  But DAMN...6 days!!  We need as much attention to this as Equifax and Health Care.....
The federal government hasn't. Quit using a natural disaster to politicize. It is disgusting.
What they know is the govt isn't doing that so how can Dems put pressure on R's to do what is needed. Get out the message on MSM! HURRY!
Applaud! Applaud! Applaud! Hugs! Thanks You! We love you!  
LET ME GIVE YOU AN IDEA...JONES ACT??!!! Sounds familiar!!!
LET US KNOW....WE ARE WAITING & DYING IN THE PROCESS.... 
Triggered only yesterday: needs 4 days to load + 5 in transit 

If Trump sends full military BOOTS IN THE GROUND to rebuild P. R.  Perhaps all would see our greatest enemy is climate change.
You sent your personal check when?
No? And where are they?!
So does our White American children
They are you troublemaker
You know better than to dis FEMA and the great job it is doing. Shame on you
Why isn't the airport receiving military assistance to get it up & running for aid & human transports? What's delay? No excuse! Fix this!
Please help us in waiving the Jones Act we need ALL the help we can get! It is heartbreaking 
Sen Warren, exactly how is fed gov't aiding PR? MA has US city w/highest # PR citizens. You can do loads more for ppl of PR! Do it! MA 4 PR!
