And @realDonaldTrump’s indefensible budget & unforgivable Trumpcare bill cuts the money needed to fight our country’s opioid crisis.
I’m heading to the Senate floor now to discuss Trumpcare’s devastating impact on working families. Watch: https://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=20 …
Insurance. Many ways to make insurance more affordable without government control! Stop hurting Americans by forcing more debt. Please!
This is what happens when an impotent, mean, lying, child-mobster becomes "president". Let's impeach now. No reason to wait.
It seems that the fact that he has $$$ is a reason for our government to hesitate to impeach him. Anyone else would be already out the door.
Yes, especially if it were Hillary. The hypocrisy on the right is astounding! They pretend they have no idea why we are so preoccupied.
You get after 'em, senator! You're my fav! Been watching you for a LONG time and you're so impressive! Thank you very much!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  wants the rich to get richer and the poor to die. Plain & simple.SICK+RICH+HC-taxes=Alive but Sick+Poor-HC= DEAD
i feel for his voters, when reality will kick them in the guts and they will realise how they were conned by agent orange!!
Can we please stop calling it Trumpcare It's the TrumpDon'tCare Act 
Let's get that straight
True. But isn't it our system that allows and enables that? We must change the system, not people running it!
I could not believe it mers sued itself mers in salt lake city after the John obrien Salem forensic title disaster
#shutupLiz
I so enjoyed all the crying snowflakes  when President Trump won on election eve. He didn't even have to pretend he was Indian.
You need to put your foit up mers mortgage electronic registration systems have Peterson send you the hundreds of emails i sent him @@@
.@SenWarren How could the ACHA cause 23 million people to have no insurance when there's only 6.4 million Americans on Obamacare coverage?
Idiot
Try being honest. It's the American way.  Term Limits... Please.
Says the person with a 3 million dollar vacation home
You tweet with forked tongue
So stop tweeting and get Democrats working to stop this!!!  Time to take action!!!
OMG ... you make ado about anything and everything POTUS does; you cry wolf way too often. Doubting you're taken seriously at all!
Quit LYING.Not true. Dems rely on people not understanding tax law, etc. U go after the emotion driven fools-not those who think rationally.
Bullcrap! Dems LYING as usual. These people NEVER signed up for Obamacare. Cldn't afford it!! You love Socialism.  Move to Venezuela.
That's some BS.
Elizabeth fight if you can I am 71 and don't want to die a pauper
Liat!
This is what Republicans do.
Please help for an Affordable Healthcare, education and our basic freedoms (speech,religion) ....our Democracy is in danger#
This is an unfunny version of using a blood boy. #endclasswarfare #warren4prez #taxtherich #increasemytaxes
Prove it.
This is why we don't have universal healthcare
My healthcare bill will kill more Americans than 911 and ISIS combined... so I can give the wealthy tax breaks.
Dear Liz, when will you start being objective..... about anything?
Trump shows his true colors everyday with his despitic statements and orders. Impeach NOW. Obstruction of justice id a CRIME. 
Thanks Sen. W
Of course, I meant DESPOTIC.
Hard to correct the Democrats ACA.  Hang on the disaster will be corrected.
I pray Senate can stop this. I saw earlier that poor Mitch is having a hard time getting enough GOP votes to pass. Thank God.
I believe I heard Bernie say yesterday to tell the Am people how the Walton family deserves a $52million tax cut when your cutting medicaid
Financial filter Darwinian style. Only yhe wealthy survive.
It's almost like body-slamming sick people while taking Russian money.
It is still a mystery how this lunatic became president
So....you are getting a Tax Cut Pocahontas?
Too bad she has no clue what is actually in the health plan
Every time your mouth opens Your IQ keeps getting lower and lower
Seriously, my premium went up 19.8%. I think you're doing a fine job all by yourself of destroying healthcare.
Wow 
How can you have so much wealth after stealing A monthly salary from the taxpayers? You certainly do not deserve my tax money.#TermLimits
And speaking of Heath care Taxpayers are gonna make sure your health care is the same as ours. Taxpayers are way smarter than you.
The GOP needs to call it what it really is, population control
time for you to retire. Embarrassing to your own party.
I say it 24-7 its the opposite of Robin Hood Trump is stealing from the poor to give to the richest of the rich. Trump is low as it gets
@realDonaldTrump  You are so greedy. You don't care about healthcare, you just copied Ryan's paper. #BigFatLiar
"If you like your health care plan, you can keep it....Period"......remember that whopper Pocahontas?  Then you and Obama destroyed it...
Hmm. Warren wasn't a senator till 2013. ACA passed in 2010. 

Fail. 

Try again (you'll probably fail again).
They should stop the trumpcate push. You all like Obamacare so much we should stick w it. But congress and unions get off the except waiver
We love you Liz!
Will we hv a long very hot summer
I guess Montana didn't understand AHCA will hurt poor people. Voted for another Republican. Maybe they are all rich and will get a Tax Cut.
Yes, thank you for reiterating the obvious! What are you ALL doing to block & eliminate Trumpcare? We need Bill HR 676!! @NancyPelosi
I agree
As a Healthcare provider this will set back my chosen population those of the mentally ill! It's devastating! Cruel, just cruel!
right on mr.edington
he has no conscience
Trump-uncare is cruel and mean spirited.
Oh but you still want Planned Parenthood funded right
It's despicable.  Campaign full of lies, yet his supporters still like him!
Will you ever stop lying? You live in the age of information, people can check on this stuff.
"I got mine, fuck you, want & will get more"!! The rePUSlican mantra!!
as you well know,
You would prefer to destroy the working class to provide for the dead beats that won't work! @SenWarren  GO HOME or balance the budget.
Elizabeth, can we all collectively agree to call the new plan Trumpcare at all times? So he can't feign ownership when it melts down?
u want us 2 pay 4 illegals & people who only want free stuff.I will pay 4 people who really need it but not takers & illegals oh that's Dems
NON citizens of the US do not need our healthcare, SS, Housing, Medical.
What would you do?
Fight back
19 million of your 23 didn't have HC to start with
Barry Obama destroyed health care , at least tell the truth.
Elizabeth Warren - You're a progressive right? Your rhetoric is so OLD-and - TIRING it doesn't sell !! The progressives need something new!!
You built a program that was designed to fail so you could move to single payer, you can't blame the people for seeing through your scam
My husband and I already pay $189 a week for the two of us 2have insurance our co-payments are still expensive& we have a 6,000 deductible
No.  It's to get those that can work off it.  You truly need mental evaluation pockdipshit.
Until Americans fight this, what you are saying Senator Warren is hot air. 
You are an awesome person!! I'm with you 100%!! Rare is the woman who is unafraid!!
Please oppose it!  E falmouth, ma 02536
Ur rich u should b fine then rich B
You Mrs.Warren are what is fundimentally wrong in this country today,freedom is only for those that abuse the system.
Another fake story from Lieawatha!!!
The Trump healthcare plan will murder almost 7 million people. True. My liberal friend told me so
Our mortgage bc of healthcare? They live high on our money while we suffer and have to make do while she a millionaire gets rich off us?
You have no right to complain. HEY LIBERALS  do u know senator Warren has gold plated health care paid 4 by us while we can't afford to
She's gotten rich off your backs
Wow Senator  YOU'RE ONE OF THE RICH PPL.  Liberals need to wake up to who and what frauds u r
Your base and they're seeing it. All National Socialists Democrats r g In to see changing America to a Socialist nation didn't work
Um Obamacare is cruel. Tell ppl they have something that they don't while ppl here illegally get healthcare for free. Ssn, you're lying to
you forgot to mention people will die
And ALL you on the left think you know more about finance than Trump.  Hilarious.  You all are why we are in a financial rut!!!
I am one of those people I have severe injury considered pre existing it makes me feel like I am expendable how can a life be expendable ?
Those who sit on their butts all day and refuse to work and get a government check need more so we need to punish those who work right
You just don't get it
U, @MaxineWater, @RepAdamSchiff, @RepCummings, & @SenSchumer 
History will reflect ur heroism! #resist #healthcare #TrumpCuts #trumpbudget
I just dont know whats in it for them. We die and who pays their wage
 I would love to fire them. Take our country back #RESIST
Warren is right up there with H/Clinton.......worst possible people to represent America on anything! Self-serving corrupt politicians!
You are lying to the pp again! 10M pp currently on O/care & it's collapsing! We need tort reform & less regulation! Vote yes 4 H/care bill!
By claiming NATO leaders aren't paying their fair share is hypocritical when the 1% in America don't pay theirs and getting a Trump break!
It's called trickle down or more likely tinkle d on.
Don't you know any other lies? Your feed is rather boring. After all we can all read the CBO and Obamacare for ourselves.
Another lie Elizabeth, we must stop Obamacare doesn't work, we must get out of debt
Universal health care,it works in other parts of the world. Time to move forward instead of backwards!
I think they should not pass in the senate and let you bleeding heart liberals cry the blues when ten of millions lose their OBUMMERCARE
You're just mad because you're not getting any of it.
Still selling that Snake Oil I see. Like some old Carnie yelling out to the crowd about how bad the other guy is...pathetic.
How much did the Obama website cost? Who received the money to develop it? Friends of Obama? Hypocrisy is thy middle name.
Wrong. It is to cut healthcare to tens of millions illegals in order to give the middle class affordable care.
God ain't having it-GOP/republicans will die b4 the poor they try 2 kill! A rich 4 the poor!
Now it's tens of millions.  The lies never stop!
you think people will believe u ICU say tax cuts for the rich enough times? Well I don't
Corrupt lying person. He tells poor, blue collar he's for them. This is enslaving the masses
math clue, even using the incorrect cbo number of 23 million is not "tens of millions"
Yes, continue to ignore all facts, as you have consistently done.  Continue to spout your spiel.
And Trump said we couldn't have people "dying in the streets".  Another of his lies.
Wonder WWJD?
who cavs r in the finals
Please call it "Trumpdoesn'tcare" plan
Keep bashing the people trying to stop the bleeding of YOUR plan that is destroying the middle class by a slow death. Thank you!
you make no sense you do not even know what you are talking about!
#trumpcare is #trump in a nutshell. Care for the rich and dump the poor!
You regularly lie and mislead people for your own personal gain you are not to be trusted
Bullshit
U have been lying for decades Lieawatha:(
What health care plan are you on? Bet it isn't Obamacare is it! So just what are you even talking about?
Are you absolutely to the crumbling of ACA, ignoring the elephant in the room does not make it less real, what about Americans right now
WE ARE AT WAR AND ATTACK BEGAN JANUARY 2017
PEOPLE.OF AMERICA WERE FIGHTING
FOR OUR LIVES
RUSSIA $$$ TO OUR GOVT
NAZI GERMANY USA TODAY!!!

What's cruel is how u r spreading hate & lies to American people & endangering us & our families! Stand up for us Americans or move!!
When he gets impeached all of his approved choices must be reversed
I'm also concerned for Social Security, Medicare that's so important to seniors! Medicaid too.
Only you and the Senate can save my life! Figure out how to defend us NOW. Telling us the Rebublicans are winning is NOT doing your job!
And weapons of destruction and murder and the "Wall"
Tens of millions are being forced to pay premiums they cannot afford for coverage that offers them nothing
Agreed. Please convey to leadership that criticism of an evident failure is no longer sufficient. Come up with something better!
I guess it wasn't clear enough to you
For you to be saying that in your political track record that's a laugh for how much damage you have done.
I know I know, you know your audience lacks intellectual ability.
Fight the good fight I wish I could vote for you
I've yet to see this phony wannabe do anything but constantly bitch.  Where is your solution, Senator? #LieAWatha #LiberalHack
Obamacare already did that. Trying to undo that damage is massive.
Do you ever stop lying?  I've never seen anyone lie as often as you.  What the hell is wrong with you? #LiberalHack #LieAWatha
America deserves better. I cant fathom how his supporters who will also be affected can stomach this. Cold hearted and disgusting.
Tens of millions.... why not say 1000 of millions... Us former Dems are a lot smarter than you think Liz
Had mad bad sad this is the vocabulary of our president it is so sad is a first grader in office
When will trumpeters finally admit that this man is only out for himself? I guess when they learn to read
What does owawacrap do? I can't get insurance now and I have to pay a fine, hypocrite.
We voters have long memories. We will remember how our representatives voted when election time comes around.
Hope the Senate is for the people not the party because none of the changes being made in the budget are good! Um, take $ from wall.
This is getting too old.
By rich people you mean me. HA!
Do u really believe the men in this country will ever let a woman become president??????
That is what you think will happen. You madam are as delusional as you are dishonest.
Good job comrade Elizabeth
Oh please...
YOU ARE SO FULL OF SHIT! ITS BETTER THEN YOU DEMOCRATS FAILING BIG EAR OBAMA CARE! WE SHOULDN'T HAVE TO FIX YOUR FUCK UPS ANYWAY! (M.A.G.A.)
Facts not fiction! I have been listening to this progressive liberal socialist moaning about rich and poor for 25 years. It's doesn't work
No you arw confused...it's still Obamacare & it is collapsing.
is there any way to stop this travesty
Lies lies lies that's all that comes from your mouth!! Are YOU the leaker??
Delusional
Hey Warren.
Does CNN and MSNBC supply your posts or do you just lie on your own?
Trump needs to explain to his ppl that everything he ran on, the reason they voted for him will never happen; no jobs, no wall, no hlthcare.
