Til the day working class lives homeless Ryan will not stop
I had no deductible prior to Obamacare
well with the age tax I would pay 8000.00 a month so just die
can you afford that
No that what Trump and the GOP want the seniors dead
that's what the Democrats want you to believe they want you Running Scared
Believe what ever you want you will find out on your own
I found out that Democrats think that everything is free but other people have to pay
This scary. I am 62.  My senators Thune, Rounds. and Rep Noem don't care.  They are 45 all the way.
same problem in Nebraska Senators Fischer & Sasse & Rep Fortenberry all Republicans & it's Party 1st mentality!
no it's not I'm sick and tired of paying for everybody else
they should but can u tell me how someone with the mentality this was just a watered down version got elected
why should I pay for everybody else in the state
Those who worry will be those who are government-dependent. They'll be worried about becoming independent.
I don't have to worry (yet) for mine, but I'm concerned for all my fellow Americans. This isn't the country I want.
#snowflake
You'd be the LAST person I'd call. You supported a bill ACA that gutted the healthcare in this country and is imploding
@AnaliFirst We know you have our back!! #trulyblessed to have you!! 
Canadian healthcare is far from perfect but EVERYONE GETS COVERED. More $ spent on prevention proactive vs reactive @SenWarren
Keep talking, we would love to have every Fauxcahontas supporter emigrate.
what do you mean, john? supporters of warren should leave the country? do you support this bill, then?
Any policy that requires govt subsidy to get insurance is a failure. We won't allow single payer here ever
do you support the proposed healthcare bill?
of course  we do as does the majority
even tho millions will lose health insurance?
They don't have to lose it, no one is preventing them from getting it.
the @GOP is the party of no ideas, old, ideas, or bad ideas. Keep persisting
#snowflake how does your second place trophy feel?
better than the conservative cottontails appeasing Putin
hahahahhahahahahahah the irony 
It's imploding upon itself..I have ONE choice for insurance, have to have a $7000 deductible...what do you tell me???
@SenWarren what about @realDonaldTrump tax returns? Or was it leaked by the Russians?
How about @realDonaldTrump tax returns? No wait @maddow and @MSNBC stopped that #snowflake
yeah, because #obamacare is failing. Work with other side and get a plan that works instead of whining!
you suck Miss Warren,I make a decent wage but I can't  afford these damn premiums. Don't my rights count?
or is it only those that Don't have to pay premiums that count. Ever think off fighting for the lower middle class?#unseat warren
well I'm writing you worried about the cost of my healthcare & the many people the added cost of my healthcare has to supplement.
Ban the plan say they need a PPO instead
What about the people who cannot afford the deductibles.  Have a friend who's deductible is $7000.  She cannot affor the ACA.
exactly, cause Obamacare is falling big time and you know it Warren
I am writing from California! Please run for Presidency! You are a true gleam of light in this chaos! Fight for us all! PLEASE!!!
at least u acknowledge them. @marcorubio ignores us here in Florida. Keep fighting senator. No #trumpcare
@co_rapunzel4 #Veterans To Understand, Apply "Opposite Day" To EVERYTHING NRA TeaParty Trump & Co Says https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6efP9u4yAU …
#snowflake
#resist #shePersisted
#snowflake
ONLY IF YOU LIE TO THEM - so far You've been GREAT at lying #termlimits
Look it up and start hoping you don't get sick-
start here?
more from fake news !! I got the facts apparently your still looking or believing what they tell you
And these are people Trump did not care to interview! 
the biggest thing they need to be worried about is you...
Any letters from VETERAN'S" on VA healthcare?
Take Your Seat you GOOFY DINGBAT!
GA residents have been calling their senators worried, but no townhall meetings with Perdue and Isakson only telephone meetings
They are worried about it b/c of your inflammatory rhetoric. Did you complain when folks lost their ins when ACA was implemented?
how much is Soros paying your dumba$$ ?
I am being socially harrassed by Bostonians. Do you know why I am experiencing the this? Please stop Stan Snigir!
what no smoke signals
mass h as Romney care feather head
The Rep bill ups how much insurance cos can charge older person vs younger from 3-to-1 to 5-to-1.  Minimum $500 monthly to $900!
Bull.  What we are worried about is you and your drama queen attitude spewing lies and acting like Hitler reincarnated!  OMG!
MA? do you think kayleigh is emily elizabeth? what are you doing there?
Tell them not to worry Donald J Trump has it taken care of...go back to sleep.
Let's see some of those letters please.  Liawatha!
You mean the five folks up there that actual likes you.
I'm a MA resident mostly worried that Obamacare repeal won't go far enough and could even be blocked by your losing party
refer the calls to Ryan, trump and any Rs in MA. They should be deluged with calls

We're worried that the government will steal more of our money for unethical laws like the Unaffordable Coverage Act.
the fact that we are still debating universal healthcare is insane. The GOP are doing this out of spite. #Trumpcare #shame
what about me? I don't count? This is not affordable!! I shouldn't b forced to buy anything, let alone be fined if I don't! #MAGA
Too late, I already lost my plan and choice of PCP. Thanks to you @SenWarren
oBamacare/Trumpcare, "Rockefeller Medicine". Fed govt. has no business in healthcare. #EnumeratedPowers
as they should.. when my er copay is $400 .. and I'm  expected to go.. yeah right! !
tell them get a job and work to pay for it like most of America. It's should only be free to veterans disabled and poor elderly
Ms.Warren at the bank we as a teller or BB getting very talk down by operations and mangers.
Waste of 48 cents writing to you. Instead of protesting about everything, come up with something that works.
there is no housing in Massachusetts either I am 62 and disabled and told I have a five to ten year wait,
trickle down economics is like believing in Santa Claus we need to vote a democratic senate and congress in
kill the #AmericanWealthcareAct
If the #YouCanBuyMe Republicans would stop rushing to dismantle Obama's health plan,could come together in Bipartisan spirit & get a plan
Dirsnt MA have its own HC system?
all 10 of them?
worrying is bad for one's health.
@0urJohnAdams Don't y'all have a universal healthcare system in MA?
There should be a law against phony politicians like you on lying to the voters.
@JimmyTu20001870 maybe you can pretend to be a senator and do your damn job Pocahontas. Need health care...get a job.
Every blood-sucker, "taker," are deeply concerned. How about the 90% taxpayers who have seen their rates skyrocket?
If they are worried about that, they should be horrified that you are representing them! I am!
Obamacare, which was rammed through by Dems like you, is working? Is that what you're actually saying?
I'm worried that you are still even allowed to participate in politics. 30 years of tax payers money wasted!
yu are SUCH a liar. PAY BACK MONEY YOU STOLE FROM NATIVES LYING ABOUT CHEROKEE HERITAGE.
lies
WOW! All MA residents agree with you & your policies? Or u don't mention the residents who can't wait to see Obamacare gone!
Pocahontas, are you worried about losing your coverage? No, because you had no guts and get an ACA plan. Coward.
and by that she means 3 people reached out "writing, calling, emailing"
Keep firing, Senator. And thanks.
of course you Senators have a gold parachute plan. So no worries for you #clowns. #resign
yes they do. The only sensible action on their part would to vote republican leadership to get rid of the likes of you!!!
The plan is neither "American" nor "Healthy"! Make them guarantee it will be cheaper and more choices...all they do is lie, lie!
I will write anyone. I'm from IL. Good senators lousy Reps. Please make them stop this insurance nightmare. I have MS. I will die
you work save money buy house then get old and your wiped out by medical bills single payer you keep your house leave kids assets
sneaky angle to present the problem that the poor should buy iPhone 
how can the middle class secure their assets   single payer
why congress won't stand up to him
this is terrible the American people will not forget when we go and vote!!
how about some of the senators go on hunger strike? Peaceful Non-cooperation? Gandhi-like methods since Dems have no real power
it will get the attention of all average Joes and Janes. This ridiculous pillage and plunder of our nation has to stop
Senator why don't you have Obamacare?
All political bs!
keep your government hands off my Romney care!
I was being facetious if that wasn't blatantly obvious
He has zero knowledge of what he is doing and letting Ryan control everything so they can have a 100 days talking point! Wrong!!
Anybody who volntarily puts their health in the hands of the government is too stupid to worry about. Those who didn't do so will be OK.
Breaks my heart!
Yes, because they are still on Obamacare.
hey Pocahontas, health care IS NOT a right. Someone has to pay for it.
Health insurance is and should not be equated to health care.  Two different things. Insurance is not socialized medicine.
They sure do. If your @TheDemocrats hadn't rammed through Obamacare they wouldn't be in this mess.
so than @gop will be in same boat for ramming through #trumpcare. Only we the people lose
Sad, but as it stands now, yes.  Both parties selling us out. @SenWarren @TheDemocrats @GOP
@marstu67 #healthcare4all or healthcare for none, including Congress! #TheResistance
When will you do more than defend ACA and stand up for Medicare for All?
they have been worried for 9 yrs now...
You had a chance to do it, but wanted bankrupt the country by using borrowed money and poor coverage that penalized many citizen
So you got five emails. That's a big deal. Stop the scare tactics
"every accomplishment starts with a decision to try"
Ryan/trump care- #FreedomToDie 8
but they have Romney care why should they worry?
thank you for all of your hard work!
they will still be covered! Elizabeth Warren you should be ashamed causing so much worry! You know they will be covered
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts yip yip yip...keep barking little chihuahua who is listening @Karen84313671 #lyawatha #fauxcohauntis
yes the ones that are getting it free.but ask the ones paying for the non-working folks.
where is the proof...don't trust massholes....
What about my health care? I'm in MA. Born and raised, unlike you. Do you care that my premiums/deductibles have exploded? FRAUD!
cuz your plan was so wonderful ?
If you like your healthcare you should get to keep your healthcare? Haven't we heard that somewhere before, Chief?
they are libtard snowflakes in a state of reactionary whining because you are a globalist stooge Pocahontas
god I wish I had you for senator
seniors under 65 take huge hit.
health care is a privilege not a right, keep the Gvt out of it!
I call bullshit. Prove it.
@tinyboo49 I desperately would like to talk to you about my child. Dx. Anglemans Syndrome Genetic from birth. We are yours!
give your salary away to the poor!! Your rich!!! The POTUS is and you should!!!!!!!
Thank you for continuing to be the voice of reason and sanity.
POTUS has? donated his salary.. and so should you! Your Rich!!! Do the right thing!!!
tell them you will stop taking tax payer money and donate to their Cause!
MA ppl are worried? Are they the ones on Medicade! Getting a free ride? We've had enough! We've been gutted like pigs! STOP!
show the proof
The important part to the Republicans is the big tax breaks for billionaires
isn't it time that America gets real health care, especially for the sick, aged and woman! Rest of the world has it!
Don't we still have Romneycare??
what a stooge! Did they happen to bring up the current aca, you know, the disaster you supported. Please run in 2020! #MAGA
why don't you approve the Cabinent first Pockahanis!
Thank you for listening to your constituents. I wish the South Dakota delegation would. But my names not Koch.
How do you have the time to talk with all of your photo ops and tweeting?
if they voted for 45 let them be w/o healthcare. They get what deserve.  If they opposed 45 lets figure out how to help them.
They should be calling the White house Call the President
PHONE NUMBERS
Comments: 202-456-1111
Switchboard: 202-456-1414
well sweetie, your inciting them to do that! You still want the spotlight you don't even care about your fellow citizens
How many voted for Trump hoping for a 'change'?  Well, they're getting a change all right.
what is it going to take to impeach this clown? Lie and hate is all he spews
.  
Warren gets letters from MA, while the entire nation wants to know how to get rid of Warren. No Communist Dem Gov here!
MA has had their own healthcare since Romney was governor, right?
ACA was never sustainable to begin with.  If you had done it right the first time, WE wouldn't be where we are now.
tell them to get a damn job!
spread the joy
Focus Dems on big premium jump for elderly in Republican health care bill.  AARP has.  Seniors vote!
hahaha you pay for everything in MA, the snowflakes are just calling Poco the snowflake queen. Winter is coming
Sen. I am trying to mobilize seniors in every state to defeat Repugnants. MA has responded with help. Thank them.  Thank you.
Then go to work and help come up with a plan that will work for the people
# TRUMPDONTCARE
@EllenMorris1222 What action are you taking?
We here you loud and clear.
talk about the tax breaks the rich r going to get with this health plan the GOP is putting out ?????
I keep calling your office and the line just cuts off.Both kids 1-ACA & 1-Medicaid about to lose coverage.  Medicare for all!!
why K Conway always lying on tv!! What a shame.
I had your email blast today Sen. Warren. Dems have had to be on the offensive for 2 years. This is where it got us. #neveragain
@seanhannity @oreillyfactor Lizzy My People Skills Are Just Fine, Its My Tolerance To Idiots That Needs Work. Stop the insanity.
The only problem is Mitch will go nuclear option, and choose #partyovercountry
I'm scared to Liz. What did we ever do before Obamacare? Maybe you can do an Indian healthcare dance.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!  Don't just tell us to worry.
shouldn't have stayed home or voted wrong !
Unlike your party, Republicans will keep their word. 20 million people lost healthcare when the AHC was enacted.
ACA 1) extend Medicare to 50 at market rate 2)Medicaid for all to 22 3) public option in all networks 23-50 4)incre MC fees
People/liars like you are the ones that keep people worrying.  No one could do any worse than BO, & the Democrats.
to trump it's presidential
you don't know how to use a phone!!!
- As a senior citizen I'm very worried about what is going to happen to insurance for us.
What about the Connector Care plans vi a BMC with tax credits? Cost HAS risen, but husband NEEDS. No way we could do care & meds
but I bet you aren't worried about ur healthcare. All you ppl in DC should be made to buy the same thing U dish out to us.
how many have been writing, call, emailing?  Such a BS spread you are.
Proud and thankful to have Elizabeth Warren as my Senator. Gives me some measure of hope.
fight for them! I know you will!
making people scared. An old Indian tradition.
I am worried about my unlawful foreclosure and the many others that Wells Fargo are pursuing, please put a stop to them now!
