Seems they are looking to bend this rule, no?
Yes was thinking that, in their zeal to give corporate tax breaks while killing the poor, they'll look to change rules mid-game.
Incredibly unsettling times - terrible precedents being set. Glad we have an honorable fighter in @SenWarren - wish we had many more.
#1Lesson @boyscouts
#BEPREPARED
#IMPEACHTRUMP
#Resist
@SenKamalaHarris
@SenGillibrand
@SenFeinstein
@SenFranken
@SenWarren
I am especially moved by the freedom definition quote. Repeat! Repeat! Repeat! Beat the drum with that quote!
#1Lesson @boyscouts
#BEPREPARED
#IMPEACHTRUMP
#Resist
@SenKamalaHarris
@SenGillibrand
@SenFeinstein
@SenFranken
@SenWarren 
Obstruct that's what u and DEMS do best. While millions watch u. #MAGA #DrainTheSewer
Or will they change the rules?
Of great concern is that McConnell will change the rules yet again.
Yes. Continual distraction.

Is there a poster with someone else's face though?
Good points
In a world where the lesser of two evils is the game, would it be better for the bill to pass (and GOP house/senate to lose next elections)?
And are you running for POTUS in 2020 or what? Seems just around the corner,and our "blue team" appears broken at best.
What happened to all the bipartisanship McCain called for yesterday, to your thundering, fake applause?
What's cruel is U making decisions for us. I wouldn't want you to make a decision on my dogs crap.
The Cruz amendment doesn't have a CBO score; the insurance companies say it is "unworkable in any form."
Shut up you dam liar n socialist demigod . Your views will destroy the American Middle Class. America ! Stay away from Swamp Dems like this
@SenWarren, I admire/appreciate your efforts. From this differently abled constituant in @RonWyden country, THANK YOU for your resistance! 
I'm so concerned for my fellow citizens, this makes me feel a little better. Forget #Trumpcare, improve Obamacare Next pls #ImpeachTrumpNow
Keep @GOPSenate honest. The are staging a coup of our democracy and normal order of business. #STOPTHEINSANITY
Amen. Very well said. I appreciate the clarity of that statement during this time of chaos.
Don't bet on it.
If it can't get 60, why are you so wound up about it?
Nevertheless, she persists! Thank you Senator.
Nevertheless, Pocahontas is an ignorant FAKE Indian.  We're voting for the REAL one next time
Yawn. You're not a very interesting radical.
Shut up Pocahontas
Real class
Yes you are cruel and you are what is bring in this country down...Your evil stinks.
not true it violates nothing.It does not need 60 votes and you know it.Your a hateful and bitter person since Hillary lost deal with it
What kills me is I never had the chance to vote on the ACA in the first place. After all, voting IS the democratic way, right?
Thank you Senator Warren for your hard work and persistence in being supportive of the people of the USA. Keep fighting. Stand strong. 
Yes thank you for being supportive of the Americans who will lose their healthcare with this horrible GOP bill. Keep the pressure.
It's odd, funny and totally laughable that a Democratic American Indian princess would use the word "violate" after supporting Hilary.
Supporting you, Ms. Warren. Keep fighting for us!
Sweetheart you HAVE to be from California
Mr. Duriavig, I am from Iowa. We are everywhere, see?
That's the exact words an exterminator uses to describe a vermin infestation
WHAT HAS BEEN CRUEL IS GOING AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION AND MAKING US BUY HC! I HATE HUSSEIN OBUMMER AND KILLARY FOR TRYING TO DESTROY OUR USA
We will see
It's  cruel to force people to purchase something they can't afford or don't need.
It's also cruel, Senator, to force people to pay for the expansion of medicaid when most of those new people are able-bodied workers.
The audacity of meanness!
Thank you for supporting us!!!

Obama care was proven to be cruel and riddled with Lies and unsustainably.  Get real for a moment.
From your mouth to God's ears!
Dems are crooked have provided info to IT ppl who has stolen $4mil taxpayer $. No Excuse. Every Dem is part of this and r shameful #AwanBros
what happened to health cmte to look at this and bipartisanship that both sides say they want actions speak louder...
It's cruel to give Americans a choice rather than a mandate?  I disagree...
GOP violate rules & turn a blind eye to Trump's collusion with Russia, obstruction of justice, and corrupt presidency. Democracy is dead.
Don T is finally getting what he wanted all along: replace with DonTCare
Talking about cruel.....wonder what kind of kickback the state is getting from the co. providing the video service?
#Filibuster
Maj Ldr denying resp 4 final outcome th ACA needs fixing not repeal
What budget? The American people can no longer afford the budget your party placed us under...time to file bankruptcy
Can they accept a vote that violates the Budget Act?
They'll just change the rules to a majority. Then they'll come to strip away Medicare & Social Security so they can hurt millions more.
I was uninsurable and had no health insurance for 10 years. This continued assault on the ACA keeps me up at night. I am considering expat.
It's a mandated tax that many can't afford so how is that considered affordable healthcare? It was engineered to be a tax on young Americans
As for you and @KamalaHarris just parliamentary bullying. Be sure to show violations from the floor. Recorded for posterity.
Ruel is mandating people to overpay for services they don't want of need. It's a tax not healthcare.
We will have no worries in 2018 when we vote out the majority of you. We will vote the rest out in 2020!!
The Queen of Obstructionist, Elizabeth Warren...
Stand up
Not if they change rules of cloture.
Dont U have some1 like a ' keeper of the rules or laws'( perhaps a Parlamentarian? excuse my ignorance)  and Declare it illegal?
You Stink Elizabeth Warren
?
Obstructionist! Did you listen to McCain's words? Do your job instead of inciting the restless!
What's cruel is forcing someone to buy something they don't want or need, then charging premiums & deductibles they can't afford.
Truly a troublemaker
I WLD LIKE 2 KNOW Y THIS PRSN THAT REALLY DOESNT WNT 2 HLP, & THINKS OF US AS BEING FAR FRM EQUAL,IS WINKING?IS IT A JOKE AT DEM EXPENSE?
Ms.  Warren,Y not wrk on a H.C.plan on ur own &invite any Gop,Ind,or Grn prty 2 join.U  would only nd 13(10+, to go ovr 60)that fls same way
Love your words such as cruel & immoral.  It's how I feel about you trying to saddle me with an ever increasing tax burden & health costs
keep fighting for ALL the people Senator.
Unless they change the rules again. #gorsuch
Your lips to God's ears
You know McConnell will get around that
We want the ins. Plan you & your associates have you work for us! If Obamacare is no good & Trump care is no good, both parties are no good?
Don't Republicans just want to kill women, children and the elderly? I thought so. Coming from someone who advocates for killing unborn kids


Senator, we all know how this is going to end!   These people are the cruelest  most callous on earth.....
saw u out there tonite. elizabeth thku for service trying to save souls that are too sick to help and do for themselves ! thks for the fight
given that they know how this works, consider this is a "first offer" to set the edge in the negotiation. dont fall 4 it. hold ur principles
Those big meanies.
Thank you @SenWarren ! You and the other ladies of the Senate rock!
Only 1 vote to have you clam up! It's been given so why do you still have that pie hole open! I pity your poor husband! He must B a saint!
Trumps tantrum when he finds that out is gunna be epic !
It shouldn't get one vote! Dammit! So soft, you don't Game plan a game to give up 52 points, you game plan to give up zero! Fight to win!
Lord, please do not allow oppressive healthcare bill to be passed. Help us
Thank you for fighting for every American's healthcare.  @SenJohnMcCain Americans deserve healthcare as much as you do. Don't take it away
Dems violated the Constitution.  We're trying to fix what you screwed up.
Thank you Senator Warren! We appreciate you so much!
Thank you @SenWarren !!
Thank you for your resistance, @SenWarren! #WorstPresidentEver #GOPFail #ProtectAmericans #ImpeachTrumpNow
Please keep fighting for us.  My husband and I own 2 small businesses and have pre existing conditions.  We're terrified
I hope they don't
Unfortunately the south dakota reps wont listen to us. Sad sad sad! They should hide in shame.
Wanda bet if anything is cruel is the fact America has got to continue listening to your hate and lies!
@msdwallace @SenateGOP YOU WILL NOT DO THIS AND LIVE A 
HAPPY LIFE AGAIN! I KNOW THAT YOU WILL BE HAUNTED BY GHOSTS OF DEAD KIDS!
Oh, but the democrats could do.it with a 51, you did. This was only a vote to do something, discuss. You all know, admit it crap.
Ehh.. According to the Constitution, it's not the government's place to threaten force upon people to have insurance. That's what's cruel.
Perhaps your tone is Cruel too
Excited to see how it turns out. Any Yellens around?
What's cruel is defrauding the Native Americans out of a chance to go to Harvard. Kapeesh Pocahontas. You need to pay for stealing
So Republicans are doing just what McCains impressive speech said, putting party before country, dogma instead of compromise.  Devil Spawn.
Stop crying over ur loss! Now it's time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Shut up Warren!
We the people, with present administration, seem too be getting more of a "better deal" in 6 months, than in the last 7 years. Win much?
Can't they just cheat to get it passed like the #Democrats did?
Don't you love it when Warren calls the kettle black
Support you, Senator Warren keep fighting speak out
I hope you are right.
Thank god for parliamentarians.
How about working together for the American people for once and not for special interests groups

That's some good news
Shame on you!!! Do you care about the millions that doesn't have insurance?
I hope they don't change budget rules.
Keep fighting for us!!!
@TheDemocrats are for their reputation only not for the people @FoxNews @POTUS
Spot in with your description
Don't give up
How about Un-appropriated funds used for Obamacare? Highly illegal!  I hope @SecPriceMD is all over that.
Really Elizabeth? Just like he would never win the election? You gotta fight for our lives even if you think they won't get 60 votes
Shhhhhhh!
I don't think anybody mentioned that to the gods of petulance
Fingers crossed!! PRAYING!
Keep fighting the good fight!!!!  Just keep remembering MOST Americans are with you.
Won't they just change rules like they did w/ Gorsuch hearing? #GOP won't play fairly-especially with their #bullyinchief threatening them!
Thank you for your hard work and persistence
Wrong Pocahontas
Why the hell don't they know the Rules? Is the whole thing heading for a breakdown? A young, tenuous Republic shouldn't be taken for granted
That's actually very reassuring. It's like watching a clown car going off a cliff, only we're all stuck in the boat they're towing.
Thank you
It just goes to show, people are tired of begging. The only path left open is to stand in the streets and stay there till Russian all resign
Thank you so much for your tireless work on our behalf!
Maybe you can teach @SteveDaines how to help montana and not trump?! @jontester  you stood for working families.  And I'm a Republican
What do u recommend we do when we call, email and visit offices and jackasses don't listen? I know "vote them out" but doesn't help  tonight
R U forgetting about your constituents that don't like Obambacare, r u working for them? Stop #Resisting
Mitch McTurtle has more surprises up his sleeve.
Please do everything you can to stop this bill. I have faith in you and Dems. Please beat those Decepticons which say they are Republicans.
Are you homeless? Buy some different clothes. Your embarrassing. Terrible Indian  representation
They've changed the rules to cram things through before. Can they do it this time?
The women of the Senate will save us all. #fightthegoodfight
Thank you Senator!
I've learned with Republicans to never say never
Well thank every deity out there for that!! I'm Canadian and I'm TERRIFIED for all you guys!! And THANK YOU @SenWarren it must be exhausting
#StayStrong #StayLoud #Resist
I know U will fight hard for this. I'm so afraid because of this. First time since WWII + Hitler
Is this the one @SenJohnMcCain said he would vote no on and thennnn voted yes?
Your cruel for lying about the ACA shame on you
Nuclear option
Good 
No American deserves to die because they cant afford Healthcare
While the Top earners get tax breaks for being able to afford it
Amazing how much effort she is putting into something she is exempt from. Makes you wonder about her alteritve motives. It's NOT the people.
It's nice to know that my son will suddenly stop receiving the care he so desperately needs if this passes. (THAT WAS SARCASM BTW.)
I guess sarcasm is1 way 2 get thru it.I am sad 4 familys of those that can't fnd anothr way2 mk it bt 2 go2 WDC,2stps of Cap,2tkTHE LONG NAP
Why not have a debate?
Thank u Sen. Warren for fighting for us the people..
Hang in there for all of us, Senator Warren.  And then please explain WTF happened today..??
Go jump Warren.What's cruel is my friends who lost their H insurance because of this horrid failure. Dems own this crap and lie to Americans
You go girl! BTW will you marry me?
How does that whole nuclear option work?
We shall see
@SenJohnMcCain recently utilized #Healthcare. So utterly disappointed that he would show up afterwards and vote YES... #KillTheBill
This is not being reported @maddow @Lawrence
Will they change the rules though??
What would make me happier than this would be a ceremony in which the GOP bills and ceremoniously jammed into Mitch one page at a time.
are ceremoniously jammed.
Wow you just love abortions !
Yeh!
Keep up the good fight! Thank you to the Dems and Sens Collins and Murkowski.
McConnell seems to just rewrite Senate rules as he pleases - can you prevent that? There are no longer any rules.

Thank you @SenWarren. You women are such a strong role model for are younger generation! Thank you for serving all the people. Now kill it
What is enzi proposing against parliamentarians PP ruling?
I really hope you're right!!!
What is your plan??
Don't let that sleazy @SenateMajLdr change the rules...
Liz, can we also address this BS?
They could care less.
Don't bet on it Lieawatha there R a lot of democrats coming up for reelection and a lot of their constituents want to repeal & replace Ocare
My worry is that they'll change the voting number back down to 50 like they did last time? Can they do that in this case?
My worry as well.  They seem to somehow always find a loophole.
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for us!!

Yeah they will. Steve Wynn or some other dirtbag will pay off your "colleagues."  We are losing faith.
Nuclear option
Omg--who cares what nationality she is? Really.
