-Wld be helpful to democracy if gov't wld stop acting like all is normal & demand an independent investigation into Don the Con
Workedfor 1st campaign. EVERYONE who wouldn't vote for you doubted you're Indian. Please talk about your mom's Cherokee family.
Smaller government = better economic enterprise #isthewaytorunUSA
Shame on you 4 saying U R part of opposition!Election is over,why don't u work to make our country Better instead of wasting our time???
Shame on you for supporting Putin's facist friends! Hypocrite!

.@GovMikeHuckabee: "You're never gonna make Elizabeth Warren happy, not until people are paying 99% of their income to the government." 
This is coming from a senator who supported tax increases in Massachusetts under The late governor Deval Patrick
GM @SenWarren @TomPerez @SenSanders @EdMarkey @CoryBooker @SenBookerOffice @SenateDems @TheDemocrats All #World #People 
#Everyone #LoveWins
Thank you!! There's Julian Cyr, front+center! We Cape Codders also worry about Trump legalizing pesticides & air/h2o pollution.
Maybe they should consider how they SPEND money.
So happy to hear about budget cuts when it has cost us $48,000,000.00 to keep the estranged wife in NYC.
Go away
SURE GLAD TED, ED AND THE OTHER DICK-HEAD ARE GONZO!
Well maybe if you stop stealing money from the citizens we would have plenty for the communities! We need a private investigation.
You are a sad confused individual
1 token minority in that pic. Where are the rest of your minorities?
Don't like the cold weather, but LOVE that you represent us here in MA!!!!
And thank @SenWarren and others
Keep fighting thanks
@PorickOB Pat O'Brien is the GOAT
BRILLIANT: trump HERDS Senate in buses to show how they’ll KOW-TOW to his WAR plans (to distract from his TREASON) #impeachtrumpNOW #treason
-(2/2) protestors riot against Freedom of Speech. You have led your party in a very bad direction!!
They're concerned with lining their own pockets, not the community.
What's wrong with sequestration?
Looks like a bunch of cry babies !
Why should the rest of the country pay for your communities have the MA legislature raise taxes in MA
Federal & State Taxes are not the same.....
They should be worried about people who support fake Indians, kimosabee
Your first descriptor is Christian, yet how you present yourself publicly through your words is snarky and mean. I'll never understand this.
What good is claiming yourself a Christian, let alone following the teachings of Christ if you're still a bitter, angry, man ranting online.
Focus on being a decent, kind, empathetic human. If Christianity helps, awesome, if something else works, do that. Get offline, go outside.
Make something, add something to the dialogue, add something positive to this world. Snark is easy, and so, so, so boring.
I'll let you know when I need advice on morality and decency from a baby killing, degenerate parasite. Got it?
Hypocrite. Liar. Pyscho. Go take your meds
All political entities need to learn how to be financially responsible. Lack of funds is only a mirage in politics.Spending is paramount.
Concerned huh.  Well what have you done since joining, answer NOTHING except spew trash
Well then you should run your State efficiently and eliminate the waste!!! Drain  the swamp I am tired paying for your waste
Trump and his Goldman Sachs cabinet are just running roughshod over     everyone that makes less than 75 k a year (80% of the country)
Typical ideology by a lazy Socialist Democrat. You should make your State & City do some work for a change which are NOT poor. #lazy
NO wordsout of you mouth About your revered Barak Obama going to take $400,000 from wall street. .. hypocrites

So this Obama care just isn't good enough for government employees nor is social security
Sen Warren, why haven't you endorsed Restricting 1st Use of Nuclear Weapons Act of 2017? Trump can't be trusted, back now! @masspeaceaction
SEN BURR TO PROFIT IF SANCTIONS LIFTED !!!!
#BREAKING: Senator Richard Burr would directly profit off sanctions being lifted on Russia

#BurrMustRecuse #trumprussia #russiagate #resist 
Ha what a bunch of hypocrits, Obama not going to go to Wall Street and be with the fat cats, big lie, now getting $400k for speech
That means they will actually will have to work!!!! 
You hear from political people in your censored world. Of course political people are unhappy, which means it might be a good thing.
I live in MA & am so proud to have you as our Senator, Give'em hell 
Thank you so much 4 all my sweet Bday messages! Your  means the world 2 me & I am so thankful to have each & every one of
Here they are @DNC aka The Gong Show
R they worri d about the looming bankruptcy of our country and its affect on future generations?  ... didn't think so
Keep up the good work! Trump's base ARE the uneducated! Ours is NOT!
Warren is one disgusting he/she!
All those white men and three women.  Lecture us some more about how inclusive Democrats are.
No they are worried about the budget cuts might keep people from voting Democratic.
Our MA senators need to start cutting costs, not give themselves outrageous raises. Stop worrying about more money coming in, cut spending
You should try negotiating instead of your refusing to work with others. There is a big reason that damnocRATS lost so significantly .
Maybe they should worry more about we, the People, instead of them, and their career politician jobs.
All the people in the pic with Sen Warren are young. Maybe next generation of Demo's?
Lieawatha you should be ashamed of yourself. If u were native you'd know communist ideas don't fly with us!
Coming from a Putin supporter? Ok Comrade!
What a bunch of sheep warren is leading to slaughter.
Where is the 6 billion dollars already appropriated for the wall??
Keep speaking for the People. We need you!!!
Have them raise state taxes to make up the difference, it's for the children.
Elizabeth roll up your sleeves you fighter you...
What you need or less photo ops and more work.
mabey they should stop being #obtuse, abandon #sanctuarycities,and start being concerned about #citizens #MAGA
Oh yes worrie for sure about the holes in community's where funding is going to be cut all together
Hey lizzy off the television circuit gonna do a little work I doubt it just photo ops
Trumps President is our President not none of you. We voted for a strong man who isn't afraid to get the job done. Election we will vote R
Do your job for USA instead of working for Hillary and Obama. You need to retired . Get with President Trump or we will vote you out
Sorry.  That should have said Dipshit from Virginia who can't spell says what?
Let's not worry abt budget cuts,  more about draining the swamp! Get rid of the overhead! See what it's like to lose UR job! Many of us have
Check it out
1. Why Mitch McConnell is sabotaging Russia investigation–dark money trail leads right to him–Blavatnikis pals with Putin crony Vekselberg https://twitter.com/funder/status/854497814210064384 …

Burr's obstruction: remember when Ryblovlev went to NC supposedly to see Alevo? https://twitter.com/McClatchyDC/status/847133759052922882 …

In Feb. '17, Alevo announced investment in their NC plant. Will receive $10 million in TIF. http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/business/article135450384.html …
THANK YOU, Sen Warren and all Massachusetts Senators and staff 
Money grubbing Democrats, afraid they won't have enough money to pay off the union goons and EBT hustlers for the next election. Boo Hoo!
It is Apprentice retribution.
You really have to ask yourself why are Pelosi and other liberals so Bent On Letting more drugs into this country from our Southern border?
Guess what? Killery will NEVER, EVER be president! Put that in your peace pipe and smoke it!
There worried their salary may be cut.
None of you would the whole bunch of you liberals and republicans are getting rich in Washington. But are mad because there are cuts.
Hey there lying American Indian Warren. Drop your salary and there might not have to be cuts. But I bet you would not even consider it..
My #HeartOfLove #happiness 
TYSM @SenWarren @SenStan @TomPerez @SenMarkey @SenSanders @MA_Senate @SenateDems @TheDemocrats doing their #Jobs
His budget harms children, sick, our environment and rewards the rich, the powerful, and businesses.
Join me now and ask the PM how the Budget will help Australians with disability.
#freelunch
Damn the mailbox money will be cut. Maybe folks in your democrat "communities" might wanna find a JOB.
@marcylauren @realDonaldTrump Go to your Town Hall meetings, they work. Wake up America.
OH NOES!!  I cant afford my pork barrel project POOR ME!!
Well, those state senators might have to actually do their jobs instead of waiting for federal handouts.
I don't know how you make it through the day with all your worries. Ever think about Korea or ICCS?
You're the party of opposition? How in the world is that helping the American people?
All Senators should take a 50% pay cut to help with deficit!!!!
Why dont you let some illegals move into your house???? You fraud...
Spend spend spend lie lie lie low life false promise socialist buy votes
Elizabeth Warren i here your book is as full of shit as you are (and you really need to pick up a history book )
Sad joke Warren is!
Sorry, We need to keep our money to pay healthcare premiums.Just raise taxes in Mass.
Yeah, you all look worried. I can tell by the happy smiles on your faces.
Our state senators aren't worried about the hundreds of millions we spend on illegals every year in Massachusetts  how shameful are they?
We're all worried!
Amtrak and TIGER projects
Simple solution raise taxes in MA. The federally gov should not pay?  Damn I AM a genius.  Lizzy what is the next problem you need solved?
She needs to quit
You should think about getting a makeover!! You look like hell
Wow I didn't know you could pack that many lying assholes in one room!
It's so terrifying
But where were their concerns the day before they cast their ballots? Sorry, but that dog won't hunt, as they say down south. #Resist
We the people want spending and taxes to be reduced. What part of a $19,000,000,000 debt do you not understand?
Sure if you cannot pay down deficit reducing tax bill for the rich should help. Hey try rubbing 2 braincells together.
Politicians can never make die with less money but they expect the people they steal it to
Don't support people that break the law, actions has consequences, but you once again show the youth we can just do whatever you want
Get cracking on how you will fix the opioid problem in MA instead of worrying about the money you will not get to be able to grab yourself
Keep trying Lizzie but i wouldn't bet the farm.
I don't have a Switch or a Wii U to play BotW, so...

club penguin ftw i don't even know
20 trillion in debt Liz where would you cut? Perhaps donate your salary? How much have you made in the last 6 years is it 6 million?
You need to worry about your political future!  Mass. Is watching you closely.   I think your days are numbered.  Time for private sector
Not Anymore! Trump & DeVos Fucked the Public School system. Privatized and Vouchers so regular Public School will get less & less
4 women! Hallelujah!!
Proud of MA; thank you!
Trump the animal is a traitor to America and everyone in it.  Lock Him Up
An attempt at recreating the Star Wars Bar scene I suppose...
Are any under indictment?
Hey poko how did those communities get in bad shape ? Oh yea U and oboma
You always have your hand out Liz.  Maybe it's time to earn it
Not Liz she is Lying American Indian Warren
 u tweet way too much!    @realDonaldTrump
Too bad.   Cuts needed
Did they tell how they voted themselves a pay raise.
U didn't know~~~
Your ma seniors are worried about the lack of housing and how many illegals are taking their spot protected by this group photo.
Love this tweet
lol that's a hoot they never Worried about Obozo's high taxs or his crappy economy.
It's thieves like you who are destroying this country.
How do they feel about Obama taking 400K for a one hour speech to Wall Street?  Proud?
Suck it up, Buttercup. Trim those budgets.
Good. Stop worrying and cooperate...support your President.
We Support America Not that Inept White Nationalist In Our White House Spreading Fear & Hate! Funneling Tax Dollars into His Family Business
I'm worried about all the MA Democrats that voted to give themselves an $18 million pay raise.
Amen and I bet the Lying American Indian Warren is right there with them
You politicians need to learn how to budget just like the rest of us folks do.
the Donald is about to propose huge tax cuts for corporations and wealthy leaving the rest of us to pay the bill down the road #resist
Corporate tax is the right thing to do! It grows business but no one on the left would know that all they do is ask for more from govt
And you're deaf to debt. Sell the cow and you have NO milk rich lady, who could care less
What do we do? Please stop the madness before all is ruined. No help for most needed health jobs taxes.
AntiAmerican policies. Not making America great. Bait & switch by Bannonized Trump.
What is so Anti American Peggy. All he is doing is following the constitution.  Liberals think they make their on laws
What we need is to remove that illegitimate administration.
Obama is gone what more do you want. President Trump will weed out the rest of Obama's deep state.
Too many white people, no black men represented. Is Warren implicitly approving of racism?
Cut the non-essentials
Really?  What will u do to help?
Why are they worried?   I'd find a way to bring more revenue back to Massachusetts and raise tax revenues despite tax cuts.
Why is it always raise taxes?  They just voted a huge pay increase for themselves and turned over Baker's veto on it. They are hypocrites
Guys on the right look like they just graduated college. Good for them 
