Don't they know that businesses will make more money when consumers aren't bankrupt and sick from lack of health care?
Amazon, Buffett and one of the big banks are forming an insurance co. to provide their employees with affordable health care all due to the new tax law.
Did they say this is due to the tax cuts? Or are you just assuming? Please provide a link.
I just posted the article.
Nothing in the article states that this move is related to the new tax law.
The way I read it they have been discussing it for years but didn't act on it. Now they can afford to act on it which I believe is reading between the lines.
Stop being a hypocrite you do nothing for me or anybody else
And aren't many of these corps paying employees at such a low rate many qualify and need gov. social programs in order to make ends meet?
God forbid they get sick with low paying job and health care bill with no benefits 
Or have the audacity to want any children they have to receive decent education in the public school system either.
Get right out of here with that, you socialist!
(Skims your profile to see if sarcasm or attack) Take those big words and big picture thinking with me too! Women who think are witches!!!
Yes I was indeed kidding. What are you saying about women who think? I don't understand.
Lol. It was a snarky remark toward his new witch hunt claim and his administrations seeming sexism.
you aint losing yours are you  politician !
Youre up to your neck in big corporations,  please dont lectire the working class we are on to your games.
You haven't seen nasty yet. I'd suggest you invest in your casket.
Why aren't businesses fighting for single payer health care?! It's insane that our health care system is run through employers.
Shouldn't Business 101 be "Don't kill the consumer"?
The Democrats don't care.They are ranting about issues they can help fix. They want to shut down Congress. Doesn't make sense.
Answer this what about the people that no longer can afford Obama care I don't here you mentioning that
Giant corporations, smaller corporations... have done a fantastic job with health insurance... its Only reason many have health insurance!
Wait !? Didn't millions of people lose their healthcare under Ocare? Premiums skyrocketed so they couldn't use it. You mean that healthcare
The whole country lost their healthcare,  obamacare screwed everyone. Catastrophic insurance with high deductibles and premiums.
You and the rest of your D.C. cronies are responsible for the years of neglecting health care - too little too late #DrainTheSwamp
We don't except close door bill planning the American people want to o know what's in the bill would epublican's @SenWarren @CNN.
they didn't lose there healthcare they paid the penalty on there taxes premiums went double and triple.Obamacare screwed the middle class
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for us.
Nor do corporations talk about all the tax breaks they already get some big corps don't pay any taxes & get a rebate this is outrageous
Glad you and some of our best Senators are looking out for us. Thanks for speaking out.
You lied to get into Harvard and charge people Fortune. You're just a damn liar that's it like the rest of the Democrats
your Ethics and Honestly Are Refreshing Compared to a the Liar's @ACLU @AriMelber @GeorgeTakei
Warren UHC nasty yet wait till the middle class really wake up cuz you be out of office on your ear real soon
Democrats hasn't done a damn thing for the people at least Trump is trying. You're trying to stop Trump from  helping the people why
Yes, you are a nasty woman!
Pharmaceutical tax cuts!!  Omg - like they need that??
There is so much wealth in the USA no one should be deprived of healthcare or education through college or a trade school through internship
you about to lose as in obamacare right? hypocrite!
The only reason people will lose their health care is because they opt out.
Elizabeth.... You & Nancy are about the most Stupid public official next to Hillary Clinton... How does anyone Vote for you??
They're losing their healthcare BECAUSE OF A FAILING PROGRAM THAT YOU VOTED FOR!! Own your failure and stop deflecting. #EndObamacare
I can't even use my Healthcare thank you very much
What about all the people that lost their Healthcare under Obamacare are you mad about that do you care about them . Nooooooo
U mean like the millions of Americans that lost their insurance under the disaster called ACA? U Dems knew it would happen but didn't care
You know what "throws 10's of millions off health insurance?" $1500 monthly rates and $15,000 deductibles.
Millions who lost, will lose, the Obama Care coverageAs was the plan wasn't it? #Grubered and meant to fail
The Catch 22 plan
Now point 
nobody is losing health care stop the lies. 23 million healthy kids won't be fined any more for opting out, that's all. Liar.
All you Dems are doing is using Scare tactics, but believe me, most of us can read and comprehend and catch you in a lie
Now tell the truth.  I have read the COB report The people that will lose are those that won't enroll because the mandantory req is dropped
Your #Obamacare #Ponzi scheme took #affordable #heathcare away from millions so keep your fake Indian sniveling to yourself.

#maga
#tcot
That's because Barry Hussein was a moron
What about all the Americans who lost their insurance under ACA? What about all the families who can't afford Obamacare and a mortgage?
The millions of people I'm paying for Liz, or the millions that have to pay their own insurance? You are the problem, admit it, move aside.
But yet, never heard a word out of you when Obama care cost millions to not only lose their health care, but also their jobs. Hypocrite.
Yes, millions due to the failed Obamacare. Obamacare is a lie you DemocRATS forced upon us Americans!  Screw you Liz!
You should be prosecuted for impersonating an Indian!
How many millions of Americans don't have any insurance right now because of the disastrous Obamacare? About 30 million!
Think before you tweet. The healthcare law is the one you Democrats did dummy
Obama care is the law right now so what you're saying is millions lost their healthcare under what you folks did!!!
Obama care is still the law? However they lost their healthcare you dope
It's always better to be in power than out of power. I guess it makes these folks feel powerful to step on the sick, elderly and defenseless
<<~~ Your #FakeCompassion is the same as your #FakeHeritage
@foxnews @potus
What about the train wreck that was Obamacare ? What about the skyrocketing premiums and lost doctors and plans and lost insurance ?
Why are they losing their healthcare liberal lady?
Yes.. you socialists are taxing them out of business..
Oh, Ok, Chief Flinging Poop, Isn't That Because Your Health Care Pan Failed???  Such A Little Dummy, Put Down The Prozac.
You know, you are the reason why the left lost. Stupidity.
your ignorance is showing... can you say another Obamacare lie/failure...
We need more like you especially during these dark ages of the Trump Imperial Presidency
What about the millions that lost their health care because of the failed Obamacare farce? Oh that does not fit your agenda, whining liberal
Just signed up 4 ACA. Can't afford premium or HUGE deductibles. Only winners R special interests. #AvailableCareAct not Affordable. #Thanks
The real 1% are filthy rich and beyond prosecution like Hillary Clinton taking $250K for a talk & Obama taking $400L for a talk.
The only job you care about is getting re-elected to keep this fat Washington lifestyle.
It would be nice to see those who are willing to work hard and pay for their own healthcare be rewarded for a change. #EndObamacare
You talk and you talk and you talk. What legislation has had your name on it?
Millions lost health care under Obama care. If you look at the millions who are already getting medicare/medicaid, no one is losing anything
You mean the health care we can't even use right? Lady if your not on Obamacare you need to sthu!
Apples and Oranges. You are deceptively trying to link the 2 together when they are separate issues.
We should just let Obama care fail. Then it is on the dems! Your so overrated.
Obamacare was the answer, you need to standup and take responsibility for your failed policies. Better yet, please do not get involved.
under Obamacare my health insurance rates went so high I can't afford it
You can't lose something you don't have. OBAMACARE = smoke and mirrors coverage.
Precisely.  These big corporations should be on the front lines for health care but they only care about their bottom lines and bonuses
Millions were thrown off of there healthcare policies when YOU passed ACA. There were many lies told to the American people about Obamacare!
There have been MORE than enough Tax Cuts for the Rich and Corporations enough greed already . . . It's time for the People the Workers
Should be TAKING not giving to the RICH to pay for 30 years of worker exploitation the rest of neo-liberal agenda.
Tax cuts to the corporations who create jobs will create jobs. What's negative about that?
It's not healthcare when deductible in $10,000! And your income is less than  $20,000! If u can't use its just extortion! Your a fraud!
400K a year to teach a class fake indian. Please stop with your lies.
AND WHEN THE HEALTHCARE COOPERATIONS PUT CAPS ON THE SERVICES YOU NEEDED TO LIVE....THEY JUST CAPPED WHATEVER THEY WANT...IS THAT CARE???
I HAD THE BEST HEALTHCARE COVERAGE UNTIL I GOT ILL---THE PREMIUM WENT FROM $500 TO 1,500$ PER MONTH- BLUE CROSS - AND THEN
Makes me sick!
MRS. Warren -YOU SAY IT AS IT IS- AMERICANS!!!! LISTEN BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!!!!
That's why there weren't any jobs for 8 yrs because you a & your party did nothing but waste tax payers money on stupidity.
And you're squealing & pushing your damned book.
LIAR, LIAR, LIAR. People can't afford OBAMA CRAP HEALTH CARE that you Democrats gave us. Wise up & tell the truth. TRUMP CARE MUCH BETTER
Uhh...Fauxahontas, 
Obamacare is imploding. "Millions" are about to lose their unaffordable healthcare because of Obamacare. 
We need to call them unpatriotic
Many will lose an ins card, not h-care, as we could't ever afford deducts/prems to access care. Doing anything abt that?
Business didn't impose this burden on the public, Dems did. Appauling 4 u to deflect!
Hey Obamacare was meant to fail. The Government what's a one payer system. You can control the people when you own them.
It's not giant corporations to provide health care. Just like it is not the government. It the job of insurance co. And you to buy it!
Of course Corps don't fight for ppl's healthcare...
Did u help sign any replacement health care.  Instead of bitching help us.
You are taking food off of my table by bleeding out bank accounts for people who could get up and work.
They are loosing healthcare because of wait for it..........
#Obamacare
You can't expect the middle class to carry everybody.  I see people that don't even get up for a job.  And they can.
Why should the rest of us carry a load that is so high.  You , Lady ain't seen NASTY yet!  Shut up!
What insurance the one that isn't there or anyone could afford or use if they have it. WAKE UP!!!
We the people elected you to do a job.  Your HealthCare should be the SAME as people you represent.  Quit with the lies!
Obamacare is ready to explode. If you can fix it, let's hear that, Senator, instead of your constant unproductive whining (and squealing).
Whoo, whoo (a little Indian cheer) . . . "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor" - remember that gem, Lizzy?
You Suck
Neither did you when millions of people lost their healthcare because of Obamacare.
Why are you exempt from B.O. Care? I lost my Dr and spend 32,000 in Health Care Annualy with only $7500 in deductions for it?Yours is free
Well stop blathering  about nonsense and do something. obozocare is self destructing. Should have read it before you passed it
We lost our healthcare during the @BarackObama administration
Corps need tax cuts because they are paying for millions of employees healthcare! You just don't get it!! JobsJobsJobs=Healthcare
Senator tell us about your health plan?
First off most lost functional healthcare under OCare. 

Under the new plan most "losing" HC are those who don't want it in the 1st place
Italy pays well, gives medical insurance, 2 hr lunch, a year maternity leave = less sick leave, loyalty, hard work
And u have gotten filthy rich off poor people!..impeach Elizabeth Warren!
Apples and oranges. Most Giant corporations supply health insurance as a benefit to their employees
"Giant Corporations" are not our keepers. If millions of ppl want healthcare.....get off your asses and work for it....like millions do.
Tax cuts to companies mean more for improvements and to employ more. If you ever ran a company u would know that.
Keep up the good fight with dignity and grace
The health insurance premiums that put them on food stamps, you must be proud.... # Term limits
They will lose their health care anyway. You made sure of that. Quit pretending you care about the middle class - because you don't.
wonder how Big business will b impacted when ppl can't consume Bc they can't afford to stay healthy. No insurance= no disposable income
Greed, plain and simple.  If Trump gives the wealthiest more tax breaks, the are spitting on the people and their needs.  Despicable!!!
Liz - where are the profits from your book going?
I think if local/federal governments received ONLY what the majority of the private sector received  in compensation, point would be moot.
Very odd tweet. Don't demonized corporations, it is intellectually dishonest. It is the Democratic congress's colossal folly.
Really? Imagine that....
Make healthcare non profit for real. Cut Administration costs. Which drives up costs and have cost transparency laws.
All pre existing conditions are covered with no additional charge. No cap on coverages
Healthcare premiums capped at 5 % of income after taxes.
Anyone with half a brain knows corporations don’t care abt healthcare they aren’t going to start now but you had to work your “corp” slogan…
…into the hot button topic, healthcare. Why people don’t see right through your Dem slamming slogan spouting nonsense is beyond me.
Why are corporations responsible for anyone's healthcare?  Why don't you give all your money to the local hospital for those that can't pay?
What about self-reliance Liz?  What about individual accountability?  I provided for my families healthcare.  Why can't everyone?
It's pointless to explain it to you.
Of course not. @realDonaldTrump cares nothing for the real people in this country and neither do the GOP or the 1%.
what about the millions of  working middle class that have been screwed by Obama care?  Libs hate the self dependant
Are you on Obamacare,? Ill bet you're not!
Haven't millions already lost healthcare?
What they have now is no care. Crazy deductibles & no insurance companies.Talking about people being allowed to choose like it's bad.wakeup!
When healthcare becomes far less expensive, they will be better able to cover HI expenses. Keep spending the taxpayers' money Senator!
More IGMFY economics.  (I Got Mine - F*** Y**)
Thank you, Senator Warren, for standing up for the American people!
So, funding the insurance industry isn't the same thing as funding health care after all?
True Senator Warren.  I'm sick of paying a certain portion of my income in taxes while the more wealthy pay next to none of theirs.
NO you should find out. Obamacare doesn't pay for your mistress kids
That's them Koch brothers and the bankers
Because they are greedy and don't care.  Isn't GREED one of the major sins?
It's all about the bottom line and "value" to their shareholders
"People losing their Healthcare" happened in 2010 along with their doctors they couldn't keep.
How about those of us who work our ass off and still can't afford it .
#fined #extortion
Chief Diarrhea of the Mouth once again lays a brick of LIES knowing full well that HER party destroyed millions of HC plans.
Because that's not their business. It's a free country.
Tell me Fauxcahontas why doesn't Congress have the same coverage as we the people? Cat got your tongue?
why would they? Is that suppose to be their concern???
millions of sponges loosing health care, because of failing bama no care! You all liberals voted for the dictator now live withit
Are you blind to what the everyday person is paying and they type coverage they are getting to make it affordable? NO CLUE IN D.C!!
Just like those that sucked billions of our tax dollars f/ clean energy flops & made a bunch of rich fraudulent socialists that support you
Enough with your fake health care!!! The middle class can not foot the bill for every poverty stricken sick person!#not my healthcare plan
It's a division between rich and poor !
70% if corps pay no taxes. To many loopholes  Dems have failed tax reform since before Reagan. Need fix party,lose Hillary & liberal elites
They keep pulling our threats and well boycott the entire list of FORTUNE 500 Co's.
They keep saying they want war.
We will give them one.
Exactly. Help please. I am so worried. I will leave this country if the GOP is not stopped. This is my country too.
Why would they? They are the beneficiaries of it.
They know that their bought and paid for GOP "puppets" are in charge-- for now.
Paul Ryan said when u come after 1 of us u come after all of us. Same here.when u take away healthcare from one of us,YOU do it to ALL OF US
There lies the difference between Capitalism and Corporatism!! Capitalism looks after its employees, Corporatism doesn't.
Squealing is the proper word.
The onus isn't on corps to hold peoples hands.
Health care is a privilege offered to those who hold careers. Get a career get health care.
#BernieCare Now. #HR676
You're so worried about opposing trump you don't care about the millions who have already lost their coverage. Iowa has basically nothing.
they want workers as enslaved as possible - and offering benefits is a great way to coerce loyalty
Buy your own damn health care insurance. Get the gov. Out of health care.
Liz dear, Obamacare is not the same as healthcare. Not by a long shot. Maybe you should have read the bill.
Dems must invoke "filibuster by amendment" when toad Leader does reconciliation. Endless amndmnts til fixed/tied up 4 good. "No" not enuf.
How did you get rich?
I wouldn't kiss @SenWarren even if she was the last girl on Earth
