What about the millions paid to Podesta and the Clintons by Russia?
oh you mean fake news reports like CNN and MSNBC?
and, Clinton's CN was paid handsomely by the Russians too. Gee....
CM....
And you were paid $500,000 to teach one class. U even lied on your application to get the job. You're not Indian
reports from where? You should tell where did you pick up this news. If it's true of course
Kinda like all the tens of millions happened to be donated to the Clinton Foundation.
For a senator, you're AN IDIOT! Can you pls do your job! ALL U DO IS BITCH ABT TRUMP! DO YOUR JOB, DO YOUR JOB!
she to stupid to have a real job an to wealthy to care imo
.@SenWarren How do you feel about the plight of the American autiste?
People like you are exactly why my entire family left the Democratic Party.  My parents are 78 and have been life long democrats.  No more
The only proven connections to Russia colluding is with your own party.  For the love of God move on.  9 months no proof.  Get off of it.
You have no problem with Clintons receiving millions.  Or them selling of 20%. the USA'S uranium .  Podesta and his brothers connections
1. Which manager? 2. How much? 3. Source?  4. Who is investigating this?  (Is this #FakeNews from an US Senator)
@Solutioneer72 @realDonaldTrump
Who is Evelyn Farkas?
BS
Thank You Mrs. Warren The Puzzle Is Almost Complete. I Have Been Following Trump's Collusion Story Each Day.
If u were more concerned about the US ppl instead of getting ur way & saving ur friends we'd be a lot safer today. Ur worthless!
Clinton lost. The end. She was flawed and forgot about her base. The end.
EVIDENCE?
What reports? From who?  How about some supporting evidence? That's right, you just shill for MSM
Where is the proof?  If YOU have proof you are in BIG trouble. Leak leak leak!
I'd take trump over Warren any day.
none of this is legal. We need to impeach both Trump and Pence and have a whole new election
More fake news from a lying twit
Wrong campaign. Podests was paid millions. Shut up #fakeindian
Anyone in their right mind would NEVER vote for you again.
I seem to r
so 'ya don't say.. another piece of dirt on the TRUMP mafia..they all need to b put away and the key thrown out
The drip is the sound of your snowflake tears. Your lies are so preposterous that even your own party is ashamed. #LooneyLeft. Hope you run.
how did u become so wealthy on a govrrnment salary? Simple question
meanwhile Alexis Navalny and many others in Russia are locked up for peaceful protests. #goptreason
let's hear you talk about Hillary's mega million dollar deal to sell 1/3 of our plutonium to Russia company.
lie, lie, lie.
The felonies keep piling up #thefelonieskeeppilingup
is there a plan to subpoena trump's taxes? Taxes should tell a tale:follow the $$$
Dems lie, cheat & steal to win, b/c they have no platform other than illegals/criminals > taxpaying, law abiding citizens!
b/c Dems are desperate for a permanent underclass to exploit and use to their advantage; nearly all of 'em are corrupt traitors.
This treasonous family should be escorted out of our White House?They're personally draining the federal budget!
every country tries influencing others. Trumps win 100% surprise! Revolt fight back #accusations waste time
Do you really think the People by this crap w/Russia! I hope your state votes you out, you are just a joke.
What's your take on Hillary's selling 20% of US uranium to the Russians?
Let's put pressure on him and cause him to flip Trump under the bus
Take Trump Down!
call it what it is #TrumpsTreasons the Rs would if it was a D
I hope they sue you for blatant lies. I can't wait for the world to find out the real snake you are!!
I can't watch this crap anymore @realDonaldTrump please for the love of Moses set down @POTUS you don't know what you are doing to us
wonder the exact amount Podesta gpt paid for his work with Russia. Stop treating Americans like were stupid Liz
@mo_lazarus @realDonaldTrump then why is he still in office. Impeach him and try to get America back to respect and tolerance
Watch and wait or wait and watch as nothing happens.
Treasonous GOP are taking the American People for fools and the SLEAZY ways they are looting to line pockets
at least make note it was 10 years ago, but he still may have lied, don't recall the exact Q?
Give it a rest @SenWarren  the Democrats want to take down Trump at all costs nobody is buying the Russian bit.
I'm calling more than drip on that one.  Reality is gushing out of the pipes.
Treason. Treason. Treason. And I don't for a minute believe DJT was not aware.
I love how you continue this GIANT LIE! When it all comes out in the wash, you better run for your teepee!
what???
Putin thought DT could be flattered into not noticing what those around him was doing. Putin was right,
Kaboom!
@co_rapunzel4 By District, SEE Projected Number of Families & #Veterans Expected to Lose HealthCare https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Du6Gdd9BsqDUlgU5EITrwSGKihT22n1cePDw_pXl2Mg/edit#gid=1799573775 …
and here's a series about life in the trump era
When collusion is proven we need a special election.  Trump is destroying this country. #SpecialElection
Can't tell if Poe or something else. A mistake, perhaps. Why was this reply directed at me?
How much money did the Clinton Foundation make in Russian donations from the uranium deal? Drip, drip, drip.
Just waiting for Impeachment proceedings. Where's the popcorn?
Something needs to happen before someone dies bc of him. We are a country better than this. Work faster to end this nightmare.
please retire
Keep going SenWarren.  You are on the right side of History.
listening to CNN only leads to proving you believe fake news. The report said nothing to that effect.
Where is your proof?
But at least @realDonaldTrump didn't have his own email server because that really does disqualify 1 from POTUS
He's still a piker compared to HRC & her fraudulent foundation. They got 100+ million from Russians. Drip that.
Get Nunes out, he is feeding Trump all info, can't be trusted
I hope he was paid.  What's wrong you jealous you didn't make any money
Meanwhile, All Americans with functioning Brain Cells know that you need to be in a Mental Hospital!
how is it possible dem still have no coordination on a national level to counter the BS that R's toss out? Hire or fire someone
other than u & Booker we've zero visible leaders, Dems need to STOP being the party of compromise, we need a unifying strategy 2
sure and I bet you are part indian
how are we/the dems in such disarray when we have this much ammo? Y no national strategy? No unified talking points, nothing? 1
Lock Him Up! #LockHimUp Trump is #treasonous !
this tweet did not age well just like you Pocahontas #Nunes
LOCK HIM UP!!!
How much longer do we have to put up with a person who is actively making our country less secure? #Impeach
Enough reports and accusations! Impeach already!
#treason #Revote2017
Oh my god! That means Trumps campaign manager may have actually been pressured by outside influences to support Trump!   Wait....what???
How much did Obama pay in an attempt to influence the Israeli elections last year?
Remove the psycho traitor and install our rightful POTUS, @HillaryClinton
Stop all legislation and confirmations!
Resign now and spare our nation a long drawn out impeachment.
#Pocahontas
you best retire now, your days are numbered fauxcahontas. Poor old thing.
lies lies lies trying to hurt our country true Fabian Dem
our resident empty bucket sad for America
Draining that swamp right into the government.
How long is long enough?
Nixon did the same thing pushing the US out of the top super power slot. Trump emulates all the wrong people.
@CNN @jaketapper Drip, drip, drip... 
I smell treason and the air is putrid.
you are delusional #goofyWarren
Subpeona 45s tax returns..would end much of this chaos!  #Trumprussia
"reports...say"? 

As much as I admire @SenWarren, the people on our side need to cite their sources, too, to prove their point.

unfortunately nothing's gonna happen over this is all old news,who's gonna be the hammer,crooked Comey?
manafort had fake co. Dealing mill in wire transfers.  @realDonaldTrump new comm Sec was vice-Chair. Bank of Cyprus Wilbur Ross
STOP. IT.
Reports or made up news! By the way, who do you work for Senator, the citizens of Mass. or yourself?
omg Hiawatha? You think you can point out a liar??
fake news
fired 4 months into job because of similar reports in 2016 about his Russian endeavors. Recycled outrage yay !
what's the drip, drip, drip? Your credibility?
not surprising. But he has a way of making people forget the important facts by tweeting something dumb!
WHAT report?..produce it or shut up.
the only report is a snowflake dem dripping on your head
I think you've gone batshit crazy! Drip. Drip. Drip. Are you talking about HRC? The Uranium deal? YOU LOST!
LIAR....POCO
HEARTBREAKING
What else is new. Not surprised at all. Nothing shocks me anymore. Is that bad??
Not what I heard! Where do you get these lies Elizabeth? Maybe the dishonest democrats?
where is that in writing
Source of these reports?
Podesta was pd millions by the Russians...where is your call to investigate?  Oh he is Dem so u ignore. Hypocrit
...it was 13 years before he was involved with Trump's campaign...hopefully you have more.
EW-You stole millions of dollars from hard working misguided democrats.  Your should be ashamed. BOI! #TrumpLove
Gee he's just like the Clintons selling our uranium  to the Russians and grabbing every foreign dollar they can!
Yes, the swamp continues to LEAK!
Horrible hypocrisy from cruel republicans.
Keep up the great work, Senator!
how can you be so rich just being a senator?
Where are these reports from? The Liberal media?
@dumptrump33 @realDonaldTrump do they make a orange jumpsuit that will fit him or will Ivanka design one for him
What reports? Where's your proof? Seems to me you're the drip.
Elizabeth that is crap and you know it give me proof......
Why is this a drip? I can't understand why nothing is being done about this? We watch as nothing happens.
starting to look like the Oroville Dam in California!
You mean the one that was fired by Trump? Lie-a-watha, you need to resign. Get ready for expulsion.
to the tune of 10 MILLION DOLLARS A YEAR to Manafort!!!!  A YEAR!!!  SINCE 2006!!!  OMG!!! ($110,000,000,000!!!)
yes, you are a drip. HC and bill Russia connections? Podesta? Hypocrite
Pocohanas, appalling that u don't care 14yr old little girl rape/sodomized in school by espanic illegals!
disinformation again. Any smear will do for Pocahontas
they need to go after this hard
is there a GOP not in bed with Russian "businesses?" #russiagate
#ImpeachTrump
maybe he was the one intercepted in one of those conversations. Someone is afraid of something
DJT will not object to Putin expansion on Russian Empire
Former campaign manager... Lets be real here Pocahontas...
meanwhile the Clinton foundation was paid hundreds of millions from foreign nations, no problem with that
Stop with the lies...
Putin didn't influence jack squat with me.  Ur girl HRC failed record, illegal activity, and death trail did
how much was ur girl Hillary paid?  Yet ur trap was shut, cause she is ur girl
For sure sen Warren not good Hope he's soon gone.......#. Gone
I wonder if the Don would start pitching to get a republican ticket win in mass

#persistElizabeth
