I worry too I am disabled w/Medicare & Medicaid to cover the 20% Medicare
only covers 80% I need the Medicaid to cover the remaining 20%
Trump Death plan doesn't include people who need healthcare. It's for the wealthy only
LOL, you mean the invincible young ppl who never engage in risky behavior?
Medicaid existed before ACA. Phony propaganda.
Hey sen warren we need to get him out right now he is ruining our democracy
This is a constitutional republic not a democracy
true, democracies don't work
Senator, why did you vote against Cancer Research?  Bi-partisan Bill signed by Barack Obama
It's imploding upon itself.I have ONE choice for insurance, have to have a $7000 deductible.what do you tell me?
So, Senator Waren, Obama care is wonderful. Let's leave it alone.  It's great
fear mongering Lizzy is at it again
I have a chronic illness that was life threatening for a year. The ACA saved me. Am I one of the 24 million?
I'm sorry to hear that. However please know. S.Warren has done nothing but raise money and write books. O and b nasty
So she talks a lot but her accomplishments all revolve around her. She has done nothing for others.
@jpwilloughby @realDonaldTrump If she needs and qualifies for Medicaid, she'll get it. Period.
they're going to cut off the Medicaid people like me who are disabled and need it
Trumpcare sends Medicaid BACK to states to handle. U LIE. Medicaid going away  but back to states where belongs
My ObamaCare has literally TRIPLED. Obamacare is officially going under. Because YOU guys did SO MUCH BETTER 
Medicaid budget is 545 BILLION EVERY YEAR so shut up.
Debbie on Obamacare is unemployed,qualified for no subsidy, and pays for a plan she can't use. What about her @SenWarren
The Pos Doesn't CARE,MOST LIKELY DIDN'T EVEN READ JUST SIGNS WHATEVER THEY PUT IN FRONT OF HIM #CONMAN #LIAR
Whats he signed? No bill has been passed yet. Fear mongering propaganda.
WHAT
ABOUT
YOU
BEING
A
"NATIVE AMERICAN"
#crocodiletears #nope #liberallogic
dont u worry, sitting Bullshit...Pres Trump will do EVERYTHING better than the corrupt Dems...
you are embarrassing yourself...
Mother in MD now worries about her 14yo raped daughter because Obama failed to enforce immigration law.
...straw man fauxcahontas- no-one said Medicaid is going anywhere. Now you are also a pitiful liar...
LIZZY can't read or hear can she? NothinG is changing for her.She's such a LIAR
This is why Dumocrats will never win another election
what about you Sen Warren what insurance do you have? Bet it's not Obamacare or Trumpcare!!!
bullying has intensified,  in Champaign, Il  Luke Miller was beaten to death, we are devastated
is this going to be exposed ?
we sure hope so.
- Elizabeth THINK before you open your mouth-not good enough to get re-elected - she will get help from Medicaid
If she qualifies - quit making it so hard to understand Elizabeth-everyone has to qualify-legal people
Medicaid sucks Dr's are Turing it down same on me too
it's bad 4 that family but why should my family suffer with higher premiums to cover them. Put them on your plan
if they voted for trump they deserve what they get. If they didn't then defend them senator.
the hashtag is wrong my dear. It should be #TrumpDoesntCare
Senator are you and your family willing to forgo your senate health care for Obamacare?
i know TRUMP administration is so ignorant seriously he is going back on his word on everything while we suffer
dont worry, we got family guy
I am a USMC veteran. Healthy my whole life, great job.  What happens to my sick wife if something happens 2 me?
when you call it #Trumpcare are you not taking responsibility for this ridiculous bill off the shoulders of your Repub colleagues
My daughter lost her insurance and dr. When OBAMA care kicked in.  You didn't care about her WARREN!
LOWER INCOME PEOPLE DO WANT HEALTH CARE I"M SICK OF HEARING WE DON"T THAT"S BS !
hey Pocahontas, Medicaid & ACA/ trumps replacement healthcare r 2 different things! Shame on u! Fake news spewer
The #EvilGOP and #SelfServingRyan and #UnPresidentialTrump don't care about her.  You know this
LEO Keith Boyer killed in Whittier by a felon jailed 5xs in last year,released early by cop killer@JerryBrownGov
@Mooncatadams @pannlewis44 #CIA #Law Love Family & Country? RESPECT #Veterans? Fight Back. Be a Hero https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resources-2/2017/2/12/missing-members-of-congress-action-plan …
lost my doctor treating my cancer, premiums rose 100% under ACA, what about me!
@menjicm @realDonaldTrump Please share your ACA story with the WH and RT http://ln.is/www.whitehouse.gov/A2hld …
what about the millions that can't afford the unaffordable care act high premiums high deductibles no carriers
I'm applying for Medicaid for my disabled daughter. How will I cover those costs if it's cut?
your a millionaire warren. Why don't you put your money where your mouth is. Pay for Alan's healthcare. Thought not!
thank you!!!
since when has this country bought into the Socialist State BS. folks sitting on their ass waiting on freebees
tell him to take her to the damn doctor.
Sen. Warren, I am on the South Shore. I worry about high taxes and exploded National Debt, which BHO doubled.
ACA literally raises taxes on sick people, like my wife. Breast cancer was hard enough w/o the ACA, Liz. Repeal.
u expect us to believe u?You LIED about Cherokee heritage to STEAL affirmative action $$ for a Harvard education
What about my daughter? 300% increase in 2 years on Obamacare and she's 21 years old in college!
I had a million dollar illness last yr, my ded. & premiums bankrupted my family, what about me?
WHAT about JOE Manchin Heidi heitkamp JOE Donnelly democrat senators supporting TRUMP
Senator Warren why don't you have Obamacare??
What does he care about Meg or Alan? If they can't help his golf game, they are irrelevant in his universe


who has the smallest violin handy? You didn't even read the first one.
my cochlear implant batteries cost $250 apiece.  I need of of them. Rechargeable. But last 4 hrs each.
i am terrified.  Without medicaid i will go deaf and lose my job as a social worker. My kids wont have it either
2) plan....destroy America for the globalists and power
The Democratic creed!
1)Have some patience Pocahontas. The man is cleaning up a mess made by directionless children. Wait, Obama had a
In SE MA have the same concerns for our adult son who has severe autism. What about our most vulnerable, DJT? #Trumpcare
I also have an adult son on Medicaid. He is Autistic and Bipolar. His medication would cost thousands of dollars
@CNN @MSNBC @RepTomPrice @SenSchumer  @freedomcaucus @NancyPelosi Trumpcare will hurt our innocent kids.
Medicaid for disability would still be there. Why are you so quick to lie, oh great fake warrior princess? @realDonaldTrump
what about people who dont go to the dr. because they cant pay the dr. because premiums are to HIGH ??
Stop the sob stories, Illegal Aliens get better care than many of our Americans. Obamacare is a disaster!
STOP YOUR MISINFOMATION. BUT THAT WHAT THE DEMS RAN ON IN 2O16. DO YOU REMEMBER HILLARY? Baaaad candidate..
why is Healthcare a right but not food and housing? get gov out of way
Healthcare is not a right. It's not in the Constitution. Everybody deserves opportunity to buy it.
I'm also terrified for my son w/CP. He has to have Medicaid to help when insurance doesn't cover.
this heartless unpresidential man does not care
what will happen tomy son who is 24 and has debilitating mental illness when he turns 26? Or should I panic now?
Good friends.He's 50 & needs a kidney.He's always had job, til now. She has MD.They're terrified
what about everyone it needs to be a free market !! For all to choose
excellent question Sen Warren.  I too worry about the same thing.
she will still be covered
can we get a proposal together outlining single payer so we can all compare our options?
I'm diabetic and 51.  Thus will kill me
why dont you give a speech for 1/2 a million dollars and donate it?
What about the hundreds my agency houses? Adults with developmental disabilities whose services are paid by CMS
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump or my dad. Prostate cancer only found after #aca medi-cal eligible. 1st time in his life with health coverage.
Disability is different from those lazy SOB's who should be working for a living!
Why can't he get a damn job?
Fake P. Warren do you know she will not be taken care of! Do U know for a FACT? Stop talking out of yr Ass!
I work with children with autism and my services may be cut! THAT is a DISGRACE!
#Trumpcare aka, #AssholesHatingCaringforAmericans #ShePersisted Run, Lizzy, run! #WarrenCastro2020
as far as the GOP is concerned, Meg's life should be terminated.
GOP is prolife. Dem party is for euthanasia.
If you are suggesting medicaid is in Jeopardy then get back in your bunker.
Fearmonger
My mother in-law has cancer and lost her coverage with higher payments under ObamaCrapyCare!
Elizabeth Warren you keep talking and Republicans are a shew in for the next election.
@realdonaldtr @barbara25603724 Work Harder…….Please!!
@realdonaldtr @barbara25603724 There is a job that Needs to be done. You were elected to do this job. This is your only job.
hashtag should be #TrumpNoCare !!
very sorry to hear but I can't afford my family's healthcare. My family comes first
DO NOT LET THIS PLAN PASS.
so yeah, go ahead #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
5  So when they stamp this plan with approval, remember that you okayed the loss of independence of millions
4 Oh right, @realDonaldTrump you just make fun of people, with disabilities.
3 to receive medications, transportation, and skills to help be and remain independent
2 To be able to receive job training, help transitioning from school into the community?
what about all the people with disabilities that Medicaid helps them to be as independent as possible?
Sen. Warren, the Narcissist-in-Chief doesn't care about real people, never has.
"She's not trying hard enuf. There are others who do amazing things, incredible things despite disability." 
he doesn't care his agenda is only for himself and the rich cares nothing about the middle class and the poor
I have same worries. My child's meds cost 3000/month. Not a typo.
WE NEED TO STOP HIM! This is the population he cares nothing about 
- Why don't you ask your boy George Soros? He's loaded.
no one can do anything for next 4 years, may be we need to go thru this pain of realization for what we chose.
she'll be just fine & have better more affordable care
@SpeakerRyan Alan needs to know that Ryan intends to end Medicaid and his daughter Meg knows it, hateful man
Meg and many others are, according to the Repugnants, collateral damage.
awww lets use the one case as political spawn but screw 95% of the country with triple deductibles and premiums
Well tell Alan and Meg they need not worry.  They will be taken care of Fauxcahontas!
That's just it, DT does not care. This is exactly what his base wants; More Trump, Less Care.
he could care less about any of us
A piece of the puzzle is missing. How much money is Alan able to earn?
GOP just does NOT care. All they care about is taking care of the wealthy&increase MIlitary. That's ALL.
Senator Warren I would respectfully call it #DonTCare for DONald Trump Care - Comes closer to describing plan.
many will have to die for this electoral disaster, and dems failure to stop gerrymandering, #vote next time
And what about me? I pay $600 a year now. Mine will go to $15,500. I cannot afford it & will lose.
I know, let's develop policy based on appeals to emotion and cherry picked hard luck cases.
Why the whining? Murreka voted 4this. If u didn't C this coming, a mile away in Nov, then u were off your meds.
You didn't seem worried about all the people who can't use the Obamacare because of the huge deductibles. Now all of a sudden you care? Lame
They don't care!! They should call it WE DON'T CARE!
we don't believe a word of what spews out of your pie hole.
We're screwed either way ... so ?
What about all the working people that can't afford your plan for making Insurance companies rich = Obama care.
I didn't believe Trump was going to make it affordable anyway, Obama didn't do it either ...
you libs don't listen
What about ME?! I didn't receive free healthcare benefits from Obamacare ... So what's the point?
He and GOP do not care. This is not health care it is * wealth care. #Trumpcare


OBamacare has already destryoyed lives so get over yourself! Can't afford it!
your beautiful Elizabeth!
Sadly Sen. Warren, you can't appeal to what they don't have. But maybe a few Congressmen/Senators can be swayed. Hope so.
Wow, peddling the BS along with hysteria...wow, you should be ashamed Ms. Warren..
I've got similar concerns for my daughter. Will her Day-Hab services funded by Medicaid be cut?
what about my Katie? My sweet little grand niece who suffers epilepsy and a rare genetic disorder CDLK 5?

Would you please retire already Liz.....
More bullFAUXKAHONTAS
You have more faith than I do. I'm convinced he gives zero shits unless your name is Trump.
ah they don't care.
How about Speaker Ryan does he or his family have concerns about their healthcare bet they're not part of the 24 million #Trumpcare
none of the senators have to worry about healthcare
Don't worry about her, we're going to have a sweet wall! #MAGA #MERICA #ITMFA
Alan isn't the only one who is worried! @TheDemocrats & @GOP (w/a ) need to stop this as it's written.
Just forced into early retirement, because of disability, by my employer of 10 years. Will I lose coverage?
tell dad to pay for it
