Breaking the USA law as Obama did, makes us less safe and betrays values. Emotion and feelings is not law.
So true!
They have had 20-30 years to become a citizen. No sympathy
#Americans are less safe, because #Congress refuses funding to #BuildTheWall, and refuses to pass #RaiseAct.
You are a crazy woman
Fix it...you have the authority! @FromCBU
Give it/take it away. It's like we're Indian-givers. You know what I'm taking about #MAGA
Sanctuary cities makes us less safe ...what is your plan Liz? I'm betting on nothing! Typical lib
What have you done for immigration other than wanting to give everyone a free pass&free everything else when the ppl of this country suffer
You expect people to believe that crap?
Your values seem to be betraying our laws and America.
Backup your words and explain how.
What values?
How about working together for a change. The American people are your boss. Congress and Senate should have Obamacare
Not true actually, why don't you and your useless colleagues actually write a law for once, or king trump will have to do it himself
Bye bye http://votes.LOL 
Wrong.. wrong.. wrong! This is what his creator said
Do your job then trump threw the ball in your court u have 6 months make it law or get rid of it dems and rep are so upset they have to work
And remember the states is red believe in "Ethic Cleansing"


Idiot !
You certainly talk the talk... you,  however, DO not walk the talk POCAHONTAS.
Yet you turn your back on THOUSANDS & THOUSANDS of innocent babies every year as you encourage murder with abortion.
Sen Warren: "There’s something holy in every single person.”

True. Including 600K+ babies who die every year via abortion that you support.
oh you mean your value of killing the unborn?!...
You're a big liar Elizabeth Warren. Just like Nobama & Killary
You want to help immigrants, fix and simplify immigration law. Stop rewarding illegal immigration for easy votes
Turning our backs? No. Just receding King Barack's royal and illegal decree. Let Congress address this issue. Constitutional law matters.
Are you going to pay extra taxes to make up the billions of dollars Dreamers pay every year?  I sure don't want to!
Wrong!
Having you hold office, @SenWarren makes us less safe & betrays our values!  Trust me.
Turning your backs on hard working, tax paying American citizens is what makes people hate Congress.
This is the group of illegals Warren believes will elect her to the Presidency.  Failed Thought Elizabeth. You can go back to babbling now.
ICYDK: Dems/ #AltLeft only pretend to care about minorities when it may benefit them in upcoming elections
Obama could have done something about this in '09 &10.. instead screwed up the ins for Americans..now you complain about what Trump is doing
If it was so important why didn't you pass a law or at the very least go your job!
POTUS give it to congress to make it right.  So get to fixing and quit your bitchin...
Sorry Honey,we know what it's about #DACA #DACAisCACA
I feel more safe and values more protected. Dont know what the fuck your on...
...supporting executive orders that violates our #Constitution will (not weaken us) but destroy us... NO #DACA
What values could a lefty like you be referring to!
Agree with you
Do you have any data to back any that up with or are you angry you might lose a few voters? You could always stop murdering minority babies.
We don't need people like you in our government. You a a screw up woman a liers, a twister or words and a thief like all you democrats.
Warren you need to have your wires check up by a psychiatric to make sure they are connected properly.
Hey, warren, turning the backs to the dreamers makes us stronger and smarter because we don't have to pay anymore their medical bills.
How she was the girl that got shot by an illegal?  You are just looking for voters. Scum
why are you turning your back?  instead, do your job!!
#DefendDACA #WarrenFranken2020
Well then why didn't Congress address this long ago? #hypocrisy
You've done nothing to this point why start now? #placeholderwithoutpower
telling a whole group of people to just leave never ends well, why it's been done seems to be for political gain not for rational reasons
Then do your JOB!  Years to pass a law but nothing has been done!
Warren you 're suck egg mule.l
Daca is constitutionaly illegal. You either believe in rule of law or not.
Wrong wrong wrong where do you come up with this stuff
With DACA reversal, Trump adds 1M to 65M refugees on earth. 
All 'Dreamers' born into man's govt, religions, wars & weather. 
#DefendDACA
As you turn your back on the constitution that you swore to uphold you commie!
Word soup that means nothing
It's you that is weak to laws just like the rest of the spineless Dumbocraps. How about you try putting Americas laws first you insane dope?
You pay for them
they are ilkegal
Well ma'am now it in your court to make sure it doesn't happen, do your job and come up with a immigration plan that makes sense
No matter how much you say it, they're not legal. And they have been milking our system. They have the right to be here
You believe in murdering innocent babies, what do you know about values???
Bullshit idiot
I don't understand my the President of America be so divisive.  He is leaving the dreamers lives in limbo... how heartless.
I don't understand why the President of America be so divisive.  He leaving their lives in limbo...how heartless!
Turning your backs on 'DREAMERS' what about the American's who have Dreams? You Turned your back on them Yrs ago Also, illegals Don't Belong
Why don't they want to become citizens?
This Country is no more
True dat, Fauxcahontis! You wouldn't want to turn your back on these guys.  Just ask #KateSteinle
Like your grandfather did to the Cherokee Indians? I guess you forgot he was part of forcing those natives on the trail of tears. SIT DOWN!
I love dreamers. I support DACA!
Do you support our Constitution?
#uscongress has turned their backs on immigrants and now specifically the dreamers. Wake up it's in your hands! #StopWhining
Can you help me get my son declared an illegal immigrant so that he can get free college free Medicaid and Welfare. It's a great deal
Then it looks like you better #doyourjob, because it's in your hands now. If congress doesn't get legislation done it will be you fault
HOW??
#DefendDACA  #DefendDREAMers  #DACA #Dreamers #DreamAct


You are a fool
It is YOUR job to build a law! so you are simply talking to yourself.
It's not our values anymore it's trumps and he sold off the last of his values decades ago
I feel perfectly safe...in fact, I feel safer today than I did yesterday morning.
Thank you, Senator! So proud to be represented by you.
Wow you have values even though you believe in killing babies wow amazing the more I see what you hypocrites write the stupider you look!
What? Did President Trump give you six months to fix it? So, whay are you crying about it. I guess you are to make political points.
Not Really - Two Wrongs Do Not Make one Right!!
UH, the AMERICAN  families
of those MURDERED
BY "dreamers"
Feel BETRAYED 
I BET
#MAGA
Do something about it and quite talking about it please
Perhaps you mean turning your backs on American citizens.
What about our laws? As a legislator, surely that's first and foremost...
Say the right things. Okay. But DO SOMETHING. So frustrating when injustice ad nauseum is my daily tweet feed.
What about American Dreamers? Why do you worry more about illegals than American children? Answer please!
You mean ILLEGALS
Wrong
Really?  How are we weaker and less safe?
There is a legal and an illegal way to enter this country. Read up on it.

WILL MAKE US STRONG.  WHAT A LAUGH. BET WE PAY A BUNCH FOR THEIR SCHOOLING. PARENTS HAVE HAD 20 YEARS TO GET LEGAL
That happened the day Trump was elected.
How does ending daca make us less safe? Is this lady sane?
If you understood our values maybe you would rethink your statements & actions! How about you worry about the AMERICAN Dreamers not illegals
Democrats don't have any values.
What about turning your backs on innocent babies?  What does that make you? and what does that do to your "values"?
And makes their parents accountable.
And breaks the law. Do your job for once
You are correct. Not only dreamers but #POTUS  has made this country weaker, less safe, less likable, and betrayed our values. Not MAGA!
Stop calling them dreamers,  they're illegal aliens. That's what they are call them that!
I love you lady 
Well you & your fellow Congress people better get after it & help those Dreamers you all screwed over. Go Congress Go!!!!!!
Betrays Our Values. The very best way to put in words how I feel.
The so called dreamers you speak of is actually the dems who wants to eventually register all these undocumented "Illegals" as democrates
Turning our backs on Dreamers is also a betrayal of trust & a signal to citizens and to the world that America can NOT be trusted...EVER.
No one has turned their backs on Dreamers. Pres Trump wants Congress to make it legal. That's your job. DO IT!
Yes DREAMERS OF GETTING FREE FOOD, CELLPHONE, HOUSING, CAR, HEALTHCARE, $600.00 a month per. Child, work $150.00 a day no taxes,free school
Bullshit
What do you expect? The creep is doing what Putin tells him to do.
Now you know that's a bold face lie to the American people.
Ugh, no trustum squaw with forked tongue.
Do explain?
Let me write the legislation.... dreamers stay without voting rights, as long as the wall gets built. Really easy! Now get to work!!!
Weaker? Less safe? Was 1 protecting you? Our values? I thought that was the law, the Constitution. You remember it, swore an oath on it?
No one is turning their backs... instead he is turning the light on you so you will do your job! Get to work and pass the law senator!
Such a complimenting tweet
Stop dreaming and do something productive
Saying your a native American @SenWarren makes u crooked as fuck! I hope u get voted out!
Laws must be upheld. Allowing illegal aliens to live here, feeding off taxpayers isn't an American value.
Just sad you're losing 800K votes... too bad, so sad!!  #DACAIsDead
ILLEGAL!!!!!
breaking the law is why we need term limits if you can't follow the immigration laws or the constitution we don't want you
If DACA was a republican policy, you'd be all over the illegality of it. Good luck at the unemployment office!
Bullshit.
Less safe. Lol.
Get to work on legislation and quit complaining. The future of Dreamers is in the Senate's hands.
Umm, how Liz?  How are we less safe?  Shut your mouth please.
Wrong...makes us right with the laws we were founded on...every criminal  family pays a  price also....but you are silent  on  that...WHY
I hope you're pushing to increase the number of people who can enter the country legally, then.
No. They are decreasing because we can't support the financial costs.
You must be dreaming. Are they threatening to make us less safe if they are sent packing?  Blackmail like these immigrants is illegal #DACA
What is a dreamer? Oh, you mean illegal immigrant. So, no actually it does not. #DefendTheLaw
Just like benghazi
Then do something legislatively. Don't depend on @POTUS44's unconstitutional EO.
Liz how about U and the rest of the slugs in the legislative branch do your job and pass a DACA that will overide a Trump veto. Just an idea
wait til 11.06.2018. will b turning its back on the DNC making stronger, safer & more in line with our n values. The end is near!
Our values were betrayed when you lawmakers decided to ignore the existing laws and allow for this in Rush of illegals w/out consequence
Your value is to be against law and order. Another Obama mess, the autocrat!
It is scary that Sarah Huckabee has said 3x "Congress should do their job or get out of the way!"
Makes us less safe?  you're reaching. Betrays our values? You mean illegally entering a country against the Constitution. And you're a Sen?
And there you have it. The stupidest damn thing I've ever heard. And from a Fake Indian Snowflake Princess. #Fauxcahontas
American children have dreams too, funny how liberal democRATs forsake Americans in favor of everyone else.  

#DrainTheDeepState & #MAGA
Go away with them
How???? We are a nation of laws. Illegal is still illegal to most Americans!
I don't agree with that statement.
Values??? What would you know about values?
And how, pray, do you come to that conclusion???  
You are ridiculously ignorant.
Pocahantas is acting stupid today, obama's memo is not law passed by congress.
Sit your $5 wanna be an Indian of native land self down, you no good on array of levels u play both sides you weak before you were elected
