Did you write to anyone to discuss how Americans were losing their jobs to #H1B scams on your own doorstep?
Warren! It was all you then!
I guess they're right senior citizens although slow and dangerous behind the wheel-can still serve a purpose
America deserves more than letters! We want action! When will Michael Flynn be arrested? Who decides that?

The nightmare I hope #flynn has at night. The arrogant, smarmy, money-grubbing, treasonous hypocrite. I try not to be angry. #TheResistance 
I'd love to see that gif morph Flynn into orange jumpsuit!

U liberals have some balls considering how many things u backed Obama on the violated many constitutional laws
You're a funny one to be talking about law and constitution lady
Do you ever do any work?
Why aren't the news stations following up?  If it were Clinton, FOX News would be all over it! Wonder why CNN, HLN, MSNBC isn't covering it.
Which EO?
Can anyone  explain what was wrong with the immigration standards when many immigrants passed through Ellis Island and assimilated?
And the fed agencies did what in response? 
Aren't a lot of those positions vacant?
Sea hag
You should hang, and most of your fellow dems, for your crimes against America.
Nobody wants to read ur letters, ur a fool
Why don't you try reading the constitution first? Dunce.
I don't understand why they call you pocahontas? Please write me a letter.
Keep up the good work @SenWarren
Why aren't you concerned with illegal immigrants not paying taxes?
because she likes illegal immigrants voting more
And you are still waiting for an answer
Did you send it by smoke signals #Fauxcahontas?
Not reality
So in other words, what the president says/does doesn't matter & we all can ignore laws when we want to & not be held accountable. Got it
The craziness continues!
.@GovMikeHuckabee: "You're never gonna make Elizabeth Warren happy, not until people are paying 99% of their income to the government." 
How
Liz, Im 100 percent certain youve never read the constitution. Id be glad to send you a copy tho, on me.
For whatever reason, it takes a disaster to wake people up. Keep up the good fight, your Country needs you. We will prevail in the end!
And months ago you were wrong
I'm sure Elizabeth that pres chump believes the Supreme Court is His like My military
So president trump wants to uphold existing immigration laws, laws that you had 8 years to change, and you now think it's unconstitutional?
This person is so out of touch with the American people that it is sad
Tax breaks for the Rich, removing EPA regs so Corps can add more chemicals to our air, water,food. Killing the middleclass and our planet
And no one read it
Don't you think that your explanation, which no one cares about, is just a little on the commie side of things.
Feds withhold funds all the time. 55 MPH speed limit & raising drinking age to 21 two examples.
cities and politicians that value illegals over citizens, or use them as political capital SHOULD lose funding and their job
I am a Ca HS-Sci Teacher, learned I live in poverty & don't have health benefits, but I pay my taxes, teach leaders of tomorrow-why not DT?

Richard Burt runs Letterone. He wrote the Mayflower speech. Gasprom paid him  565K in early 2016, so good chance he made deal (R) Congress.
Eveything Trump does he violates the law! Please help get him out of office!
All of a sudden you're pushing the constitution? Fantastic!
Just keep pissing POTUS off...until he gets fed up...
All Trump supporters write to POTUS & Insist He cancel DACA & send them ALL BACK
But you didn't stand up to Obama when he did it! Why? Hypocritical? You talk out of both ends. 2018 #dumpwarren vote @gehrig38 #MAGA
Trump signed an executive order returning the constitution to the people.  By people he means highest bidder.  Sad.
#Alinskitactics It's sad how socialists waive the Constitution like an American flag when it's to their benefit, and burn it when it's not.
Oh no..... You cite 2 WaPo articles in your letter... 

Trump be scared 
You are definitely the smartest person in the room.
No one gives a damn what you move done,  your a monster un American Traitor!
"Bully pulpit" drumpfs lawyers knew it was unconstitutional too. FED exercising in ridiculousness. #Impeach #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Liz - don't get your scary panties in a wad-try coming up with a platform besides knocking Trump-u stand for nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so glad that they don't take you seriously Pocahontas
The Judiciary took her seriously. Equal branches of government, our founding fathers where geniuses.  #elpasoindivisible
many moons ago you made no sense, same as today
Does no one care about the Constitution any more?
Please make opposing the ending of net neutrality a huge priority. Thanks for all you do.
Sorry.  His orders do not violate the Constitution.  The president, just like president Obama, does the authority.
keep up the fighting  we need more like you
Wow letters, did you bring them donuts too?
Will you please write me a letter explaining why I should coddle to big gov? It will change me I promise.
@SenWarren Thank you for all your hard work on behalf of all of us. Much appreciated.
You so smart lizzie
Drumpf is the Real Terrorist destroying our Country! #IMPEACHNOW
And that was because they didn't have liberal bias
You wrote a letter. Impressive.
Who's constitution? US? Illegal immigrants means here by breaking laws. And the Immigrant part means of different country.
White House complaints about the Constitution being an impediment to its goals should scare U S all.
You need to get voted out NOW! You are just a part of whats wrong with what this country has come to, and must deal with! Liberal lunacy!
Behind the conspicuous greed, selfish disregard for others & bombs-for-show is a presidency built on #racehate enabled by Russian collusion.
#SaveTPS for all Haitians who fear deportation. The DHS hasn't taken a decision
Silly Senator. If Trump does it, that makes it constitutional. Didn't you learn anything from Nixon? .  Love your work.
A lot of words with no substance! GET THIS-WE DONT WANT SANCUARY CITIES! ONLY U & THE ILLEGALS & IMMIGRANTS WANT THEM TO HIDE FROM THE LAW!!
Try communicating with smoke signals.
You claiming violation does NOT mean so. @POTUS is not being coercive to deny federal funds. If your State supports illegal actions = 
A letter? Really. That went right in the circular file. How about go and see them. You are useless. Sanctuary cities aren't enforcing
Illegal immigrants. How about people follow the law. Come into country legally. In mean time , can you do something that benefits Americans
Yes, yes chicken little. You ran through town warning everyone that President expects for laws to be ordered. Like not giving tax money to
Fauxcahontas, looking forward to your pathetic job at being a representative coming to an end.
Many of Obama's executive orders were proven to be illegal. What are we talking about here
He's doing his job. 
How does enforcing current laws (that Congress made...years ago) violate the Constitution?
Your dear friend Barrack Obama is now taking $400,000 for a speech to Wall Street. It seems like yesterday he was calling them "Fat Cats"
I wrote ? there has to be more that can be done about trump and whats happening
This is a daily battle that we CAN win!! Keep up your excellent work Elizabeth Warren. Thank you!!
They needed your input? No. They're fully capable of getting it wrong without you.
WH/DOJ attorneys were nearly laughed out of district court. The National Review said the EO was 10% substance, 90% lard.
suppose its legislated? could happen.
I agree - read it

Haha..awesome!
Please run for President in 2018!
After Trump is impeached or on a 25th amendment hold.
Bwaaahaahaahaaa Trump Derangement Syndrome.
What does that mean in English?
That means ppl who think Trump is gonna get impeached are deranged.
Hard to believe the constitution supports criminals terrorizing US citizens. His policies will reduce illegal drugs & crime in the US.
months? sure seems like a few years ago
seems like years ago, but really only weeks ago.
How dare @realDonaldTrump violate the Constitution! Only we liberals are allowed to do that!
Maybe you should be there when the feds make their case to the Supreme Court?
But it was okay when #Obama did it?
Tell it to your shadow men puppeteers. You are a traitor, and when the people find out, no power on earth will save you or your masters.
Where in the constitution does it say it exactly what line what amendments???
Based on the 10th Amend. & several SCOTUS precedents including 8 USC 1373 (sanctuary jurisdiction).
Yup read it again no where does it say the government must fund a sanctuary city #fund I'm sure you know what that word means
You asked for the amendment the senator referred to & I answered. What you do with it & how you interpret is entirely up to you.
Thank you for your leadership. This Conman and his cronies must be stopped. #impeachTrumpnow
Months ago?!?!?..what..in a galaxy...far...far away...
No it doesn't you lunatic!!
and they didnt answer did they? Thats because they dont need you anymore. The fbi runs the country now.
They didn't need to reply, the court agreed with her.
Did they reply to you?
you seem angry! are you on the warpath?
I wonder if she sent it "registered"?..that would really show she is serious.
What does it say about faking being a Indian
