Now, @realDonaldTrump is about to surrender U.S. climate leadership on the world stage by pulling out of the Paris Agreement.
Selling out to these corporations might be @realDonaldTrump’s style, but we must do better as a nation and tackle climate change head-on.
WORRY ABOUT PROVIDING YOUR DNA TO THE CHIEF OF THE CHEROKEE INDIANS INSTEAD OF WORRYING ABT THAT HOAX OF CLIMATE CHANGE, POCAHONTAS !!!
God bless our wonderful President Trump!
Did you eventually find Obama’s birth certificate?
Perjury is the bare minimum in case trump tries pardoning him before he starts singing. 

This is not Mueller’s first rodeo.
Hahahaha.....you’re trying to blame obama, good luck with that 
I have to wait until 2018 for my VA disability hearing and 3-5 years for my Social Security disability hearing. My country has abandoned us.
Obama caused that. Maybe Trump can help. Sure can't make it worse.
Maybe Trump property's should ALL be REQUIRED to use Coal! Nice black dust on all that glittering gold.
When Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal he will make us more dependent on Saudi/Qatari oil. USA renewable energy jobs will go overseas.
Might want to check your facts. We get most of our imported oil from Canada and Mexico.
DemoRATS don't want to research anything..they only post on "feelings". You really don't want them to melt with facts... LoL
I love the smell of triggered trolls in the morning.
One of which is absolutely dying and isn't coming back. So we need to invest in re-training coal workers to work in renewable energy fields.
YES!!! And build solar factories in the heart of coal country...revitalize those towns & create jobs!
Solar companies haven't done well so far.
Solyndra comes to mind
They weren't necessarily a bad idea, just poorly executed on the taxpayers dime. Innovators will make it work over time.
All his billionaire buddies. No surprise.
Tell me we are not joining the only 2 Countries Syria and Nicaragua not part of the Paris Agreement because of Money?
and Nicaragua only said no saying it wasn't strong enough
Removing unnecessary regulation is not a handout. A "green energy" subsidy is.
The jobs of the future are going elsewhere while the US goes backwards in time to Elvis, rat pack, sock hop, etc. Its apalling...
but even big oil co, Exon, wants to stay in the treaty. They know the future for oil and coal is bleak. Now, our future is bleak
Or maybe they know it will drive up the cost of oil thus their margins? Pump less make more money. I know this logic is probably lost on u
Elizabeth Warren is a fraud and unworthy of tax payer funded public office. #fraud
Potus told Billy Bush ok to grab women's private parts. Billy Bush got fired Trump became president. Go figure that one out.
And you enthusiastically backed the person who favoured handouts to Wall Street and huge banks. Both are shitty ideas, dontcha think?
Liz, are you now his accountant? That would be really scary coming from someone that thinks 2 and 2 equals 5.
Not like solyndra  or sunpower
I feel so sad and sorry for you, you definitely need to see a psychiatrist
Dumb woman does this justify Kathy Griffin beheading joke?
Those handouts must be reversed asap Trump impeached
You are a hypocrite

trump's bait & switch the voters and give handouts to his real base! Thanks for speaking truth to power Elizabeth!
Not as big of a handout that @BarackObama gave to IRAN, China and Mexico.
#shutupLiz
Doesnt that equate to jobs and economic growth? Are you not wanting jobs for Americans? Now go do your job LIAR
Thanks for trying to stop this...
More BS where is your facts substantiating what you were saying
YES, POCAHONTAS!!  At least he does not claim to be "native" American, where natives from?--SIBERIA!!  Across land bridge.
what is taking so long to impeach him??
How has that helped one unemployed coal miner? Just one. I'll wait....
Do something to override this lunacy instead of just Trump bashing
you liberals don't get it, that was a bad deal and a waste of tax payers money, he's putting America first and it's about time
Ugj
You are nuts,  totally out touch
And some people wanted a businessman in the WH. Someone with no experience, no qualifications and no diplomatic skills.
He probably thinks of them as "bailouts" to keep them from becoming  dying industries.
This is why HRC lost. You do not stand with the people this will hurt the most. The middle class. Still don't get it.
Big Oil sees the light. Out of self interest they want in on next gen alternative fuels. It's the 38% that doesn't get it
Why don't you explain these "handouts" instead of lying about them?
Liar
Why do you continue to lie to your followers?!? You people are ruining our country! Your days are numbered, the corruption is exposed hahaha
Bla bla bla
What can we do? Backing out of this agreement is simply atrocious
Ok Pocahontas, take a break and do some real work.  I am sick & tired of the disrespect you show the POTUS!  And, yes, he is the POTUS!!
Liar
This is so stupid. We should start accepting the fact that we might be sending our electric bill payments to China since solar is so bad.
Unlike you and your "progressive" cabal who want to destroy the jobs of hard working Americans and hurt their families.
shut up. you lost. You are not helping "your side". You look like fools, and act like fools.
How Does It Feel To Know You Turned Your Back On The Person, Who You Also Cheated, That Wouldnt @SenSanders  @realDonaldTrump
Lizzy you get campaign funds from banks and big business also
has one of the most popular tweets to @realDonaldTrump today - via http://PolitiTrends.com 
Follow the $$$. We see the plan
If your party put forward a half-decent candidate, this wouldn't be an issue.
Great putting people back to work isn't it. Try it sometime Senator, you might just do this nation some good for a change
Fracking has stopped in Pa pretty much due to the fact that there is a glut and prices are way down. Fracking another Killer of Man & Enviro
I live smack dab in the middle of Coal Country and all our power plants have changed over to natural gas. Hmm, where to sell trump's coal?
He's proven that he's incapable of Progressive thinking- for that matter the man lacks critical thinking completely.
Trump is so stuck in the past I'm surprized he doesn't want to take us back to the Victorian Steam-Age.
Like Obama gave big handouts to the welfare state, auto industry, wall street, big banks, and big health at the beginning of his term?
ya and look at our economy and stock market growing what's wrong with that?
253,000 jobs!
Hmm, how ironic he wants to pull out of Paris Climate Accord!  Monster Trump!  Please stop him!
And Big Russia, let's not forget them.
The democrats have been destroying our country purposely for years.  Sending jobs out.   Wasting money on purpose to set up one world govern
you've identified the problem, now what's your plan to solve it?
is that and how much will it cost in lives, treasure and taxes.
ObamaCare covers lung disease from Coal. TrumpCare takes away coverage 4 lung disease from coal. How smart
Set out to destroy America and American values. Part of his make America great for him.
Big oil and coal employ thousands and pay taxes for your undocumented visitors for free schooling and healthcare...
Kathy Griffin has made clear what the left thinks of millions Americans u ATTACK TRUMP U Attack me 2018 coming we will make vote herd
Wonder why that is.. $$$$

Can anyone stop this nonsense?
Maybe everyone should claim to be a Native American....worked for you Lieawatha
great jobs jobs something that you know nothing about government jobs don't add revenue  to towns it's just made-up  jobs for your buds
Liar
Big wampum!
@SenWarren you certainly don't have a problem getting rich off the backs of the people.
And what have you done besides "resisting"?
Guess you should have backed #BERNIE2020 instead of being weak and sucking hillarys dick.
Yeah
Is good to have a President with America first with Oil and Coal and away with the false Climate Crap.
You mean, he made it so they could actually do business?
Dem complain daily,talk talk,hearing after hearing in the Senate but no action.It's time for less talks.take action and impeach this mad man
Honk honk.... socialism is fun, until other peoples money runs out #Venezuela
When it comes to handouts the Democrats lead the pack.
He's doing it too because a portion of the population wants to revitalize the industry - especially in the states he won biggest in, right?
Republicans give to oil and coal, democrats give to big pharmaceutical and big banks... go figure, both are hypocritical with my money!
No room to talk woman, not after you all gave out hundreds of millions to illegals and dead beats to keep them on welfare and unemployment.
But how can we stop the Trumplican agenda? Can we use the courts Senator; can we?
Do you have facts??
Some still think this is partisan.It is not.Its his destructive,regressive,civil rights destroying,AGENDA.Obvious 2 those who can think!
But look how bad the air is getting.  Must smell like money to GOP
So you are saying to buy Exxon?
That's because Trump owns stock in oil and coal.
Here's our solution-> Get rid of those clunky polluting gas cars and get EVs. Done deal. Finissimo. Hope ur driving an #EV Liz ;)
Also go #vegan
Isaiah 54:17 says NO WEAPON formed against President Trump shall prosper. America stands w/President Trump! He is the most powerful person!
Elizabeth Warren for president 2020
He ain't gonna cancel Paris agreement, he's just saying that so we stop talking about Russia and to make us feel like he's doing his job.
All of this crap makes me sick. I cant even imagine how you must feel. I am so sorry. What a mess!  #Neverthelessshepersisted
what do you tell kids who had family die from being on oil rigs or being in coal mines
Didn't big coal just tell publicly that they would never be coming back like before because of solar/fossil fuel
Next to the pile of bodies, consequence of new healthcare + the president's disbelief in science, a fake severed head doesn't look so bad
As expected.
Yes and now giving Russia back her spy compounds  NATION- FIRE TRUMP 
Trump is distroying our country, GOP needs to stop the maddness!  Dump Trump.  @realDonaldTrump is a Russian puppet!
And putting America's environment on notice that they don't care what they destroy as long as they make a profit. @realDonaldTrump
In 4 months? Lol!!!!!
Surprising how big the handouts are since he has such small hands.  @realDonaldTrump 's fingers are too small to spell 'coverage' on iPhone!
You ought to be ashamed of yourself for leaving all those hard working AMERICANS out in the cold.
Soon you'll say he's in the pocket of "Big Solar".
It's called creating jobs, something you,obama and the left know absolutely nothing about. #solyndra #contributorhandout
The only handouts I see are to illegals. Let's get people to work and off welfare and stop giving benefits to illegal aliens
Didn't realize we had Big Coal. Obama ran them out of business.
Oh like job seekers getting jobs back in oil and coal industries!
Kind of like what you do for Harvard.....
Oh look, a liberal hack repeating the party line.
Good point, Senator Warren. What happened to those campaign promises?
Can you type that in Indian...
Go back to your teepee and shut up
You sure have allot of hot air
Every one of you Senate Piggies have your nose in a trough. They might be different troughs but your little piggy nose is in a trough.
Well said Elizabeth
Businessman? Maybe, but he is NOT Making America Great. He see's money. China pollution is real!!! THINK Americans FIRST!
Good. #Covfefe
You should be tested
It hasn't helped oil out much the price is still low
Sold to the #KOCH brothers and #fossilfuel mafia
Too expensive. Get China & India to vlean up first.
Where are the NASA or APPLE class laws with crystal-clear minimums, pre-requisites, interviews, records and exams to be... U.S. President?
Don'tWorry @JustinTrudeau puttin Environmental Tarrifs Dirty Coal coming through Canada Worried about Barron seeing graphic pics&HIS Future?
Trump is rewarding his cronies off the backs of the middle class and poor people.
really? Do you have any specific examples?
So much with draining the swamp.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Tell us Pocawarren how many handouts have you taken from Big Oil and Big Coal that you will admit to taking that is.
Do something! When he implodes he'll take us all with him! He gave up being the leader of the Free World for $!
And sane Americans love it!
Here's your daily words of devision and hatred..
Screw discourse, huh. Screw anything positive, huh  #fauxcahontas this is how it goes? Sad
@Rosie @realDonaldTrump more lies from the sewage spewing Warren.
Stop complaining Democrats waste millions of dollars also. Oil and coal are useful..
They're called JOBS, Warren! You still don't understand why Blue states turned Red, huh? That's okay. Republicans love their new friends.
Elizabeth if you would have sided with Bernie instead of HRC I think we would have had a Democratic President.  Not blaming you just saying
We are going to lose a bunch of money in manufacturing
You tell Pocohantas. You are all about working people like me. NOT!
It's to benefit the rich and him self.  Isn't this conflict of interest
Please move to impeach!
All he sees is $. The impact on the world? He simply doesn't care
Fake Indian.
And what did the dem give. Let be fair and mention what you all have done . U have a lot of free time tweet all day
Unlike you & the Dems that crushed the middle class with Big taxes, Big gov, Big regulations, Big HC cost.
Trump tells the EU they're not paying their fair share of 2% but tells America's 1% they're paying more than they're fair share.
So amazing to me how much this Lies, cheats , breaks ALL the rules and NOBODY CAN STOP HIM!! Makes me sick 
Please, your feather just fell out of your headdress, they call it a headdress so we don't have to see your face
Blah blah blah the senator will take her seat
My daughter is an electrical engineering student interning in Germany. Looking at Europe or China for renewable energy jobs.
Not sure what you are talking g about. One after another?
Some love their children & grandchildren etc & want the best for them, then there are the selfish who want self & instant gratification
Are your followers that gullible?
Well maybe you should have backed Senators Sanders for POTUS and we could have him instead this clown
