yet an inexplicable 93% of those who voted for him think he's doing a 'great' job. Will it take them sinking further into poverty to get it?
They just can't admit they got played and they choose to believe the lies because the truth that things will get worse, is unbearable.
That's a good observation. It's been unbearable to me that things have gotten much worse # TrumpRussiaEspionage
Well, when you have spent 24 years of your life working with low income families, you gain some understanding of what shapes their thinking.
What change do you think is benefiting you personally? I can list many that are causing harm.
You didn't read the actual tax plan document. It is a one pager, that's not what it says, and the % break for the poor replaces deductions.
He's allowing them to get richer while aiding them in destroying our environment at the same time.  Pathetic!  #FakePresident #WeAreWatching
FYI Eve... the government gets more in taxes than corporations take home.  Think about that for a hot second.
I am supposed to feel bad for corps that payout millions+ to execs? I think not.Trickle down doesn't work. Rich get richer & deficit grows.
Okay, you can call it whatever you like, but tax cuts to the rich don't do shit for the middle class.  And give up the HRC banter too.
And no one cares about the deficit?  Biggest cuts would be for big corps.  Ridiculous!
Should be entitlements.
Billionaires as presidents, are bad news.
You are right.  They didnt get to be billionaires being honest.
Would present a bill that lowers their salary and both said no. And I said why should you get a pension if your not there 25 years
Good for you
He's a bafoon..  Why expect anything more?
Do you ever tire of lying??
I think you meant to send that tweet to the Liar in Chief! You DO realize that Donald has lied to you about EVERYTHING, right?
No I sent it to the right person.
You made HUGE profits off the scraps of the poor! Preying on the poor' misfortune and foreclosing in their homes! #GreedyWarren
Same as Dems when they were in whitehouse. Just be more transparent about your lies so it'll at least be entertaining for us while we starve
saw you on real time I agree that Trump voters are for what dems stand for. WE NEED TO WORK ON MESSAGING.
The tax planning black and white. U only look like a fool when u don't agree that it's great for the people on all points.

Low IQ voters. That's why repubs play the god, guns, beer, Marlboros, abortion, illegals card. Works everytime. Fish in a barrel.
Thanks Pocahontas
I never undstand why y'all don't say fine, we' do away w deductions for those over a Certain income level? Give the ones who need the breaks
Because poor people can't pay politicians to protect them.
And because the #GreedyOldPigs are in charge!
She's hell of a lot better than that piece of shot sessions and that luv guv u had!
Why are u do outwardly opposed to a woman!  She's so much better than that crook/liar y'all elected it's not even close!
That's silly. He doesn't want us to even get scraps.
all these tweets - focus my friend - we are all over the map Call Obama, Joe, Booker , Castro brothers, Bill + Hillary divide the work load
With all due respect, I don't think these people even want to leave scraps.
Do you ever get a guilty conscience? Or is it so seared by the years if lying?
You are really crazy lady go away and please don't come back
The top 5% pay 95% of all personal income tax collected. 49% of working Americans pay no federal income tax at all. That's fair?
READ IT, THEN MAYBE YOU CAN MAKE A RATIONAL DECISION..KEY WORD: "MAYBE"
Sen. Warren you and a host of left wing Democraps and right wing Repooplicans are selfish and egotostical and don't care about the populace.
are you or anyone else surprised

Hey Pocahontas why do you want industry to foot YOUR BILLS?  It should have never been that way.
Pocahontas.
How about the billionaires in his cabinet pay for the wall
Bullshit
You are dishonest and delusional and and your BS  is why people are so turned off by the disengenuous Rhetoric of politicians like YOU.!
Did you know rich people can afford to move.
You need a good course in economics 
@SenWarren do you ever get tired of being wrong?
Actually worse than scraps. Corporate welfare the 98% pay for.
the things you say about our president are completely ridiculous! Go home!
You need to go back to school.
Drama Queen
Why do you ignore the doubling of deductions for hard working folks?
are you insane? Taxes are going down for everyone!  The hell do you want? Quit bashing and start working
Sing it, sister
Higher earners who pay higher taxes will get bigger tax cuts. That's how math works, Senator.
Liar as usual, spew
Wrong again nut job
Senator! Those businesses hire workers and same breaks as the little guy. Their deductions decrease, ours increases. Your a foolish liar.

Lower taxes will NOT lead to sustained rapid growth. We've seen that since 1980s. What we know it's done is INCREASE GAP 'tween rich & rest.
You mean the working families that pay no taxes, as opposed to the billionaires & corporations that pay most of the taxes?
Those are tactics of Democrats. But we are sick and tired of the BS OF THE Democratic Party. We should investigate  whole Democratic Party.
You're either really stupid, or you're pandering to your ignorant base.  Either way, not very Senator-y.
But then they'll create tons of high paying new jobs with all of that $! It worked great in the 8"'s & 00's...oh
Good grief...
Where have you been the past 8 yrs?!!  Obviously the working families weren't a concern of the Dems!
Your ass-backward socialist logic is WHY Obama's economic recovery took eight long years!!!  And why so many millions quit seeking work!!!
That's because he wants to reinstitute slavery and kill us all.
What's your effective tax rate @SenWarren ? How much didnyou make as a Senator last year????
You can do a lot with scraps. Saw it on "Pimp My Scraps."
In other words, you're asserting that "working" families get their money from the govt. FALSE.
Says the woman that is ranked 76th wealthiest of 541 senators #hypocrite
You do not tell the truth! I don't understand why you would purposely hurt Americans? If you can't help then go home!
Stop with your lies taxes are going down for everyone and last I checked it is not poor people who are hiring
Your nuts, go away
You twist the truth! Your the middle & lower class workers BIGGEST ENEMY!Trump is trying to lower THEIR TAXES & you want to get in the way
Yet they will still continue to pay more than anyone. I guess it depends on your def of lower.
Sounds about right...I got a solution! https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gFXRkIsX0dQw7H1L-FVvf7Z6us9N7_xBltPLyAPbhg0/htmlview …
Yes!
Are you really that stupid? Taxes go down for everyone including u Pocahontas. If you pay taxes they are reduced. That means less.
please set an example for our children and lay off of the payote
Pocahontas.......did you even read his tax plan?  NO - you took the headline from the Post and the Times for your talking point - shame
Crazy Liz did you care about the little people when you evicted them
How much do you make a year? And what the hell do yo know about working families????
You're a joke lady!
Dear Eli, apparently you don't understand economics and prefer to think badly of others rather than to make an attempt to understand them.
Clearly, you have no idea how this all works!!!!  Just retire
In Trump NO Trust......
The party of H1B Visa doesn't have clue about jobs. Not a clue. Our current tax system is also a jobs destruction engine
Senator you are a fraud.  If you show your tax returns I guarantee there are maximum deductions.  I'm sure you pay as little as possible...
Shut up Meg!
You're an imbecile Senator Warren. You have no understanding of business or the economy.  Hiw did you even get elected?
F--K OFF!!
Then when the tax cut passes, pay the old rate when you file your taxes.
America wants more free enterprise and less government so dumb political dummies. You would vote for slavery still.
Can you really be this economically illiterate? Is that even possible for a person your age with a college education?
Gawd Pocahontas is stupid.  Here is some news for you faux-Indian: a job, even at min wage is not "scraps"  It is an honorable living.
Your fake concern for American families is proven by your failure 2 end the use of baseline budgeting!! Until you do your talk is just that
Either Fauqxcohontas is 1) ignorantly stupid or 2) lying.  One or the other!!
When you get a job [without lying on your resume] and learn how to walk in our shoes, I might listen.  Until then, shut up Pocahontas!
That's clueless bs.  ¡¡Move to Venezuela!!!
Companies that can pay lower taxes will Hire more People.  Let's Eliminate Welfare!
You can't be that stupid.
Tax cuts are for EVERYONE, NOT just Rich. You want $ to expand GOVT, ppl want less GOVT. Your BAD MONEY MANAGER @realDonaldTrump
Govt is POOR STEWARD of Money, Squander $ Better to let Corporations & Rich keep it and expand Economy & Jobs @realDonaldTrump
Your a Dunce! Those Corps & Rich employee ppl. Which requires money for expansion & investment.  @realDonaldTrump
Yes,  LIKE OBAMA!!!!
If you don't have the knowledge to understand the new tax laws, then your to stupid to be president. Bashing Trump didn't work 4 Clinton
Lower taxes allows them additional funds for raises and hiring more employees... which will pay TAXES on their earnings.
How much money did u make foreclosed properties that u bought up?
I cannot stand you or your lefty views, go back to your reservation
Pocahontas is worried about her income tax...and oh yes..you will have to participate in the TrumpCare Health Plan...no exceptions!!
There are no working families, thanks to you.  You've taken away all their jobs.  Lower taxes mean expanding economy.
Edit: Everyone would be paying lower taxes.
And evil rich 1%ers like obummer- Mr.$400,000 a speech. Horrible money grubbers.
But @potus knows well of biz/corp practices r "reward4performance". Hence, there shld b no tax breaks until USA is back in black
As usual your critique is wrong and you are dangerous for this country. Please move to another country. You are a joke!
Do Giant Corporations employ people? Those "scraps" come back to me as raises, bonuses and stock plans that aren't possible when they lose $
As usual you tell people what the problem is as you see it but NEVER offer a solution....Enough of the partisan politics...its time to work
Why don't you take a class in economics before opening you're pie hole
What is your excuse paying ⚢ employees less than males. U owe an apology calling me a racist. In fact u owe the public the same. #VET4TRUMP
You've been fighting for the middle class since your time at Harvard . Thank you
State specifics and comparisons- They are astounding.
More burdens for corporation gets passed to consumer. Reduce government burdens and taxes to promote pay and jobs in USA
Ever tour Biltmore @ Asheville NC?  A great example of wealth improving lives!! An entire city built around a family estate! Jobs! Jobs! $$
You don't get it.  More for workers if lower taxes and more jobs in USA
Fund infrastructure/ health... increase standard deduction
Should eliminate any tax cut top top bracket... they'll get their share in dividends
Don't let him! We are counting on you. #resist #Kleptocracy #kleptocracy #lockHIMup
Everyone is a corporation
LIAR!!!
All tax cuts while running huge deficits are nothing more than a wealth transfer
Poor America
Obviously you didn't read the rollout. If you stop tax reform you won't have a job any longer.
did anyone ever believe otherwise?? #mockshock
Post that one too like you do the other ones
the raises of congress? if you think the rich benefit then maybe you should take a cut in pay because to  me that included you as the rich
Please go back to being #Pocahontas and leave politics to those that are qualified.
Does this include Clinton and her Foundation? Does this include Obama getting paid by Wall Street 400,000 for a speech? Does this include
Democrats want to chance compAnies out.  TRUMP will bring back jobs.   Thinking otherwise is just GOOFEY
He needs to be stopped! Where are all the checks and balances! He is out of control!
....and never does the scrap get bigger!
#trickleup  #TheResistance
When is nightmare regime of Trumpdom going to finally topple? Lies,impulsive &reckless tweets, elevating, not draining swamp& Russian ties!
Hilary wanted that too and you supported her over Bernie
There is nothing spiritual or holy or enlightened about an economy where money stops flowing & people suffer. Let's work together -
Scraps would be an upgrade to what they're offering!

I don't know what his supporters expected.  He is simply enriching his brand.
Trump, "Let them eat... uh... stuff... uh coal. Yes. Let them eat  coal. It's clean." @SNLUpdate @AlecBaldwin
This voter want @POTUS impeached
unbelievable it has to stop 
Enforcement of current laws on the books of our country is "unconstitutional". You are a brilliant women.
And the so-called "trickle down" idea doesn't work!
Result: USA bankrupt. Let's leave taxes as they are, or, improve them 2 remove loopholes for wealthy! We have important programs to support!
What does your political philosophy get you? Venezuela you traitor to the American people.
He wants them to KEEP their money here! It's kept off shore now to AVOID TAXES!
Bullshit
This is so backwards..give more money to the majority and they will spend the country back into the black...rich people already have enough
@realDonaldTrump with make charitable donations (still deductable) of ties and fine jewelry when we are all living in van down by the river
Wrong again Fauxcahontas
Is that not the essence of right-wing phony "Trickle-down Economics?  The REASON for the Depression AND the Recession? #EvilGOP
and a debt greater than 110% GDP.
#TrumpedUpEconomics Hmmm... there's no extra $$$ in my account this month.
Warren,you impersonate minorities to steal their benefits. Then you seek to put down 1/2 the country. F*** Y**!!
No way those filthy rich like trump should not pay fair share of taxes!  To go from paying $31m to $5m is criminal!
I'm as Middle Class as they come. Please define for me the concept and definition of "Fair Share".
Yea, I define it as at least the same percentage share of taxes I pay!
where's the proof lady?
we all should have refused to pay our taxes this year- why can't he be subpoenaed?
has one of the most popular tweets to @realDonaldTrump today - via http://PolitiTrends.com 
and if they could figure out how to take those scraps, they wowuld! #resist
Because those firms have to pay for Obama $400K speeches
As a teacher, 15% of my yearly income goes to taxes. With your plan @realDonaldTrump I'll pay the same as major corps.. #sonethingisnotright
I'm pretty sure the tax cuts won't hurt you to much Liz....   The rich talking about how to help the poor.....blah blah blah
