My new report shows: NIH funding is critical for MA scientists. But @realDonaldTrump wants to cut NIH by $5.7B. https://www.warren.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1643 …
We need more investments in NIH, not less. I’ll fight for MA & oppose these misguided cuts for scientific research.
really we need more investment in preventative health, curative health is a money hog
CURE DISEASES. DECRIMINALIZE CANNABIS ALL RESEARCH PROVES IT CURES EVERY DISEASE FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS. BAN BIG PHARMA.
You are the problem not the solution. Your Pure stupidity does nothing for anyone
You re killing me with the bleeding heart politics
I am with you, brother
Please find one for sjorgens
My sis researched sjorgens @ NIH & now b. cancer & epigenetics @ UPenn. Said they could do SO much more with better funding!
Yes but your still an Uber liberal lying puppet
Hope they find a cure for the sewage that comes out of your pie hole!
I may a Texan but you are MY Senator!
You go, Senator. We have your back!
Health research not only creates jobs, it saves lives, it keeps the US as a leader in the world, it has universal benefits.
I may be from ct but research helps every American
What good are the ultimate cures if the price of the treatments are priced out of reach even with insurance? Cheaper in Canada?
Then why do you need MORE money, if the current amount seems to be working?  
As a MA researcher I can tell you that we need more funding, not less, not the same. With the current funding, the application process is...
The food &drug administration hold back cures because they want you to buy prescription drug I submitted a cure TSR @SenWarren
But @realDonaldTrump will put an end to all that. On the bright side, we'll all be dead so we'll care less. #impeachTrump
good luck in 2018.
Can you be more specific... or should we just throw money at it hope it improves something, maybe, and what about this new tech?  Buz wrd?
As long as they cut it all from MA and no where else I'm oddly ok with it.
Thank you.
If your formit and it involves my money I'm against it
Awesome! When can we expect a cure for #liberalism
Exactly why price controls is a slippery slope.
Bravo to MA researchers. We need to invest in curing disease as the main way to cut healthcare costs.
Thanks @SenWarren for supporting us on the front lines of discovery in MA. @TheORGCompBiol @NortheasternCOS @NU_Chemistry
Great news but people need access to care in order to benefit from these incredible discoveries!
Trump is so blinded by greed that he doesn't consider the economic or human costs of the proposed cuts
The pharmaceutical corporations are pocketing $$$ off the American People! Get the corporations to pay the bill! They profit!
That's good
We should tax them immediately because they probably didn't pay their fair share. Those  researchers.
No one can afford health care in MA!
Where are the facts?
Where are we getting all this free money from?
Go Elizabeth! I am so proud of you and Markey. Don't let the trolls get to you and do the right thing for the people!
If only we could afford it.
I used to be a socialist so I know one when I see one.  She is.
Let me guess, the traitor Trump@and his heartless and clueless minions want to cut off federal component assistance to it?
You go girl so let Donald Trump try to stand in your way.
But without health care, we won't be anke to use it. Thanks trump and team.  You live, we die
Liar!
Sure they are.
Good to know pocohantas is on the job saving lots of native Americans.
If you have any brain at all do not , never, ever for a second remark about our great presidents tweets, all you do is tweet try working
Do you ever do any work. Seems to me your ranting takes away from legitimate work that would help Americans!
What disease is planned parenthood curing?  Promiscuity and ignorance of contraception?
What's need to do is take down at United Nation flag and put up an American flag in Massachusetts . you know which one I'm talking about
So easy, even @MittRomney gets it.
Lizzy, let's hope MA researches discover a pill that can help with your Trump Derangement Syndrome. 
Please quit acting like you are helping
Mulvaney and Kochs believe in this starving the beast policy
If subdividing and building restrictions in the Boston area are not eased how much of healthcare subsidies will be captured by landlords?
F off Pocahontas ur a pendejo
How much would you estimate that single payer Health care would slow that down, if at all?
You need to nominate a potential candidate for POTUS 46 soon who is young &skilled yet a true believer and has clean hands..2018 is election
This budget is going to kill a lot of research trials etc.. I have a preexisting condition there is no cure for. Elhers Danlos syndrome.
You should only be talking about getting Russian influence out of our country not normalizing how things are.  You've seen the intel!
come on.  I love you because you stand up for what's right.  Something is seriously wrong and it's not lack of biotech jobs.
If only everyone had access to it.
The GOP will surely put a stop to that!
We need funding to NIH and CDC.  We need the cure for all the cancers out there.  I'm a male breast cancer survivor of 5 years. Help plz!
How's that DNA test Pocahontas?
My problem with Trumpers is how rude they are. They may have legit opinions & issues, but hatred & disrespect for others is unAmerican IMO.
Karma would subscribe.. you will die from one of the diseases that you would not help cure could be DT future stranger things have happened.
