Hahahaha hahahahaha hahahaha hahahahaha hahahaha hahahahaha hahahaha hahahahaha hahahaha hahahahaha hahahaha hahahahaha hahahaha hahahahaha
I guess we will see where he goes.
Lol
Blah blah blah....yeah whatever you say Pocahontas!
A lot of white Americans were told they had a Native American ancestor ... and didn’t. It’s a common family legend. Your joke is stale tho.
She is just a liar who is soooooooo full of crap! #Pocahontas
Idi suda, pridurak
WTF?
That's Liberal for "I have Trump Derangement Syndrome". 

@MAHAMOSA @realDonaldTrump And with all your (good) work the majority of US citizens still suffers lack of free education/health.
What planet are you on Liz?
He needs to go. The fourth clause of the 25th Amendment must be enacted. He is unfit to be president.
Yeah, he just don't know when to stop and shut up. Am I right?
Where were you during previous years of negligence of Puerto Rico ? You do not have a clue about rescue and recovery
Better still Elizabeth what can you do to give the puerto rican a break And help to survive .
Dotard gives himself an A+, then DOTARD’S *base* believes and celebrates this.  Dotard ’s applause and worship.  See how it works? End it!
His base need we say more!!!
now this is what libtardz really look like. Stupid as the day is long
Unbelievable
#neverelizabethwarren
Maybe you should pack your bags and go help them out for awhile
He's the F President
Donald Trump throwing red meat to his base because he doesn't know how to deliver policy red meat is only to keep them distracted LOL
Please provide facts and proof, other than corrupt San Juan Mayor.
All along, @realDonaldTrump's response in Puerto Rico has been too little, too late. But he gives himself an "A+." Give me a break.
His brainwashed followers believe EVERYTHING he says!
Get real what has anyone done for then before the hurricane your part of the problem
I bet he never got a A in school
Maybe you should read the news!
https://www.google.com.sg/amp/www.lifezette.com/polizette/puerto-rico-governor-praises-federal-hurricane-response/amp/ …
Time for your meds?
Hmm he is using the FEMA built by the last president for 8 yrs with your help. How do you rate that preparation?
I wish Mar a Lago would have been flattened!  Wait we still have some hurricane season left. We can name it Hurricane Karma!!!
He's beyond disgusting!
The response has been appalling. And at this point negligent.
Stop lying, Lizzie. The Federal government on all levels have made,and are making tremendous efforts to relieve the suffering on the island.
You swallowed it hook line and sinker
He gives himself an A+ on everything and you all in Washington are letting him. Tweets are just tweets. How about some ACTION?
Republicans control the House and Senate.  She can't do much!  Democrats have no power!  Go pick on Repulicans in the House and Senate.
Senator. Please go meet #MayorCarmenYulin she needs your support for our people.
Like when Obama gave himself a B+ for promising to cut the debt in half but doubled it instead?
Wish you would take a break.  We all would be better off.
And u my negative Sen. r always glass half empty... do u ever have a positive thought in ur forever trying existence
What would you expect from this egotistical piece of work.
Sen. Warren, I think the A+ means he's done an exceptional job being an a*s.
Trump has such a fragile ego and need for applause that he probably gives himself an A+ after he poops in the morning...
The good marks came from a test at Trump University. They give him great grades, as well as a few out of court settlements.
Sen Warren, where are you and your powerful friends and what's being done to stop this MANIAC? We're depending on you!!!
I have an idea for you @SenWarren 
Try going 72 hours without Tweeting about DJT, Conservatives or Repubs. Will you have any material?
Trump belongs in prison for the harm he's doing to people.
YOU BEEN THERE Pocahontas or donated for the relief?  People were sent and were in place BEFORE Maria even hit.  EDUCATE yourself!1
Elizabeth he deserves a double A Plus don't you think that
And what have you done accept b**** about everything he does
The media is much too easy on the bastard..he is a source of evil as blatant as can be and they just follow along...congress is as bad.
F
Maybe the territories need some electoral votes, or EVERYONE in PR  should move to swing states just in time to register to vote
Your a hater
#IdiotInChief gives himself A+ for everything whether he does anything or not. It's all about his ego FIRE HIM NOW. #Impeach #NotMyPresident
Of course FEMA leadership has been politicized as well. Trump turns everything & everyone around him to poop. Putin knew what he was buying.
When you are dealing with Trump & the GOP, you are dealing with very hateful and crazy people
Isn't that so typical of a sociopathic narcissist?
FEMA & Pentagon pushing cover-up talking points instead of just aiding Americans in distress? Trump NO Leader NO CIC
This is how the Pentagon spun Hurricane Maria https://bloom.bg/2gBWzPm  
Response to Puerto Rico is slow b/c of the #resistance that Democrats offer
I understand trump gave himself a college diploma from the Wharton school of business, too. Meanwhile everyone else has to work for one
Senator you are so right he should live out there for week with no water and food and i bet hell change his tune
His rich parents paid off his teachers growing up. He genuinely thinks EVERYTHING he does is “A” quality work
In fairness, he probably doesnt understand the alphabet, either.
hey Pocahontas, PR PNP govt so corrupt FBI sent to investigate stealing of fema goods! Stealing from own people!
The time for tweeting is over. Please consider action against this disgraceful admin starting with 45.
We can't afford to give anyone a break, trump has horded them all for himself, We need people like you to not take breaks but Fight!
#25thAmendment
Liz- What have you done or are doing to make a difference? All I see you do is whine and complain. Do something or get out of Washington!
He's a legend in his own mind
Oh my goodness. Let's be real. The restrictive regulations did not just disappear in a flash because disaster hit.
And you have done what to help?  Go ahead...we can wait for your reply.
In blowing himself.
Just hold in ur heart that DTs teacher at Wharton business school called him the dumbest student he'd ever had!!
Give us an #Impeachment @SenWarren and @dccc! He's #unfit and will kill millions of Americans via inaction, revenge, and stupidity.
Your native American???  GIVE ME A BREAK
Love you Liz. But stop breaking.  Start impeaching.
A+.  Asshole plus narcissist. Trump makes Putin seem like a champion of human rights. #25thAmendment
FIGHT FOR THE #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment  #BadAssWomen  #25thAmendment #NOW
Get in TV stand up as a party and demand action. Go public, once its public about the truth then panic react.
They did go public with one fake news story after another and antifa has been beating the shit out of conservatives and shooting them ever..
Since...they are a bunch of uneducated animals who watch the gossip on CNN abc and NBC and know nothing about the truth. Sad!!
I mean Elizabeth Warren got a job at Harvard by saying she was native American. The lies never end with these slimeballs
How can it be too late when things were in place b4 the storm hit? You're a stone cold liar. #LieAWatha #LiberalHack #Shameless
The "A+" is for "Asinine+".
So how deep into your own pocket have you dug?
Worst Presidency in the history of the US!!
I see you've hurried right on over there because you care so much.....give ME a break!
AND AND U LET HIM GET AWAY WITH IT!!!
Too bad U don't work in D C! U could get busy and do something about his B S!
What are you going to DO ABOUT IT! Enough is enough. Act NOW!!
That is the mark of a truly incompetent person. @realDonaldTrump is an overvalued idea that is encouraged by weak men and fearful women.
What’s in there?

@realDonaldTrump   Puerto Rico is trump’s genocide
Are you serious? You give The Prez too much power. Now he's controlling the weather? I'm literally lol'ing at this. Solutions not complaints
Why doesn’t Congress give the American people a break and impeach him?
They seem to be looking the other way, no matter how bizarre things may get...
I’ve noticed. It’s disgusting what he’s gotten away with.

Break given.
Listen to all the Brain Washed CNN watching Libtards!!!
I am so with you. I will never stop fighting until my parents are safe.
Fantastic job @POTUS. Warren needs a break, obvisouly her twitter game is weak, and old talking pts have exhausted her.
I wish I could grade myself on my performance in school & in life. My report card would be totes full of rainbows, stars, and smiley faces!
#25amendment
I WISH SOMEONE WOULD TAKE U OUT PERMANENTLY
a lot more people give him an A. Tell us all that you did for Puerto Rico personally.
@realDonaldTrump Puerto Rico will be your Waterloo, (do you know what that means?)
Those paper towels were extra absorbent.
Well he and I think that 'A' stands for different things
I wouldn't be surprised if he ever got someone to hack into the schooling system & change his grades. He is definitely the type to do it!
that’s the only grade he knows or buys
That’s because there’s no A+++ scale. Heroic effort by our government with all the weather tragedies lately. Politics much chief? #MAGA
And if you were president, how many resources do you think you’d have at your disposal after all these disasters and a mass shooting? 
Piss poor.
DO SOMETHING!!!
Bi----
#POSPOTUS
Stop lying
Epic fail @realDonaldTrump
And what are you doing Senator? Nothing but running your Twitter.
Elizabeth STOP windbagging &...

DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT? ARE ALL THE REST OF THE GOVERNMENT USELESS ROBOTS?

THIS IS A CRISIS DO SOMETHING!
What would you do pocho??
Actually FEMA has had to step in because the mayors and staff were hoarding supplies and not delivering to the citizens. But you knew that
Haven’t heard a peep from him regarding the devastating fires in California....
He’s not of this world that’s the only thing I can come up with
And you did what to address this situation?
I beg you to help Puerto Rico! Push, demand, fight! Please...
Nobody gets a "break," Senator. We have to confront this Neanderthal & get him out of office BAMN! Now, dammit!
#25ththe45th
Yeah
Maybe you should have listened to the governor of Puerto Rico instead of Carmen 
Cruz. Or maybe you're of Puerto Rican descent now too?
GOD HELP US ALL
THE ONLY ONE I NOW THAT GRADE HIS SELF I HAVE ONE FOR HIM FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFU
Give us a break with your divisiveness.
He thinks he is doing good when he makes life for brown people harder. Soon America will be a third world country.
Trump gives himself an A+ at FAILING to do his job.
An A+? I want to see the rubric!
He gives himself an A+ in everything!! #moron
I'll give you A++. Cause Trumpo won't!
Keep giving him hell Elizabeth. You are the Thomas Paine of our day and we need you to speak to common sense
Total moron
What have you done??

And what is he going to do about the people in California???  Most didn’t vote for him so does that give him the right to not help us.
YOU GET A FAIL, ELIZABETH.
What have you done? No politician has done enough.
You'll always have something negative to say about @POTUS but silent on this.  Sickening.
Well we all know u and urs has been to little to late. Ur losing all over the country. Still losing. Sad
I dread getting up in the AM to watch the news.  Administration is such an epic failure. Hopefully 1 Term. US won't survive 8 years of this
Pathetic! 90% of the island is still without power!  Impeach Trump!
A+ in racism, sure.
@SenWarren how many times have you been to PR to help rebuild or how much $$ have you donated to help the people of PR.
Yeah, I have a lot of spoiled children in my college bio class who think they deserve A+ too. NO ONE ever told them they didn't!! Pitiful
Liz, we need to FIRE The Moron!
Hey lizzy you give me a break you took money from Harvey Weinstein did he give you an A+? Your political party should be called Sexocrats.
Why did PR drive out the Navy base that brought 1/2 billion to their economy?
Why should Puerto Rico even send its people to war for the USA?? All those veterans fought for THIS?
President Trump is our president and doing a great job
Go on every tv station and tell people what he’s doing! Scream it if you have to, people need to hear from you all!
#ImpeachTheMoronNow!
Can't we give him a break instead? Like the next 3 years or so..
Mayor San Juan made it political & you continue the same rhetoric. Local officials recvd help prior & after the storm for around world. A++
Pocahantas knows, she has been to PR several times.
F———-
My thoughts exactly, Senator. He's a narcissistic megalomaniac who wants to destroy the world and ask questions later.
People are starving and dying and its all about him. He is pathetic
Trump is lost in his narcissistic delusions & his 
Increasingly worse dementia. Trump must be removed from office.
So what can be done to impeach him? Can you please save the people of P.R. from this systemic genocide? #HelpPuertoRico #HelpPuertoRico
You’ve had a break for years! All you do is open that big pie hole of yours, but you never do anything! Typical Dem!
He deserves D- every day as the so-called president.  He deserves an F the size of his ego for his actions regarding Puerto Rico!
He uses one hell of a bell curve
Impeach, emolument, 25th Amendment. Tell us what we need to do miss Warren. Our country can't take this anymore.
I give him an A+ too. After all, it was 4 friggin hurricanes! Ungrateful pricks.
#Give Trump the Boot!!
Trump didn't earn an A+; he is an A+, an A+ss.
http://every.single.day . he turns his back on real Americans, hurls insults & hate all over twitter, and perpetuates lies. #TheNewNormal
It is appalling the props he gives himself while Americans are starving and thirsty in P.R. Please congress wake up! Horrendous!
Give all Americans a break and sail off into the sunset. Try Puerto Rico and use ur muscle instead of ur BIG blabbing mouth. Ur just evil!
Why can be done. These people need help now.
I hope you run for president!!!
Senator Can you please help...these people need our assistance
Don't forget cheers were deafening as he threw out the soft luxurious paper towels. He said ppl were having a good time & enjoying his visit
...and what have YOU done, other than flapping your jaw?
Exactly how have you, Warren, helped PR all the years you have been in  congress?
Trump!  MAGA, step down!!!
My three wishes, great health, more prosperity, and the impeachment of Trump
He's a delusional liar!!  Impeach him now!!
I would sooo vote for you Senator Warren!
How much longer is America going to have to put up with this disaster? Remove him from office!
You people are toxic brainwashed puppets who depend on government to fix your problems. Get off your butts and do something meaningful.
Ur gonna lose in next election. We know what u r. Garbage liar
Well, what do you expect from a moron?
It’s those darn hallucinations again!
Senator, why haven't you learned that you cannot help people that "WILL NOT HELP THEMSELVES"! The Puerto Rican people MUST rid themselves of corrupt politicians who have robbed the people and set up this disaster!
He deserves an A+ for increasi g the misery index in Puerto Rico. #PuertoRicoRelief #Puer#Trump #WeAreBetterThanThis
