"I plan to keep speaking for quite a while longer, as long as I'm able" #StopGorsuch #HoldTheFloor
Do you not seriously understand that by playing your childish games your are threatening the security and safety of the American people?!
Did you Complain when Ted  Cruz & Reps did the same?
Not on issues such as border security. Besides most who got the appointed seats during Obama's admin they turned out to be corrupt anyway.
Trumps billionaires are not clean either.
They sure aren't. I'm curious to the direction in which they will go. I'm afraid Wall St is headed for another bubble burst.
The only place you and him should go well I'm sure you already know BTW #Hypocrite liar pay your female staff the same as your makes
#HoldtheFloor Many Many behind you!!
#We Support You!  #Keep Fighting
Must remind you of when your people did rain dances for days until it finally rained and then they could say they caused it.
You would appose anyone that isn't lying, corrupt Hillary.
More Dems are growing a backbone.  Good news!  If GOP can't get enough votes, they shld get a better candidate!
Oops...sorry Liz, you lost, Again!

Love this!
You have to be the silliest person in goverment in history.
Of course she will. Blah blah blah!

Childish Games? What about what Mitch and his gangsats did for Obamas SC pick, (& our Nat.'Security' for a YEAR??)
Lizzy babe... How much you paying your female staff....? Your a #hypocracy to the women of #America
#lieawatha & UR #liberalagenda

#MAGA
How did that work out for you losers????
All this Insidious action led to was use of the nuclear Option .
Thank you Dems who filibustered. Continue to resist extremism!
She is a lying fruitcake. Who cares what she and Merkley has to say. I certainly don't, nor does many.
#BernieCare https://twitter.com/justicedems/status/849743624418058241 … #BeyondResistance
If most House Dems don't support #MedicareForAll, then what the hell does the party stand for?

http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/03/politics/medicare-for-all-democrats-bernie-sanders/ … 
Keep talking, you go girl
We must STOP ASSAD THE KILLER OF CHILDREN.   STOP TUMP/RUSSIA. THEN WE MAY LIVE IN PEACE AGAIN.
Go.
Go home. It's over.
Why was Jeffy Merkley speaking to a nearly empty chamber?
Can Democrats be Democratic?
Obviously not.
It's over..let's move on and work to be the greatest country on earth, instead of this circus and greatest show on earth.
So were you telling the truth about filibusters now or then?
HOW STUPID!
Communist obstructionism
Dear Elizabeth. Wake up! Socialism is the proven way to economic death.
#senwarren...wake up! You lost the Presidency,House,Senate.and SCOTUS..AND this is why you lost your mind!
where was your lazy butt Pocahontas to help him?  Didn't work anyway - you Dems are a sorry excuse 2b in office!
the real crime is people like you are in gvt. You dishonor the Constitution and those who wrote it.
National division:  rich vs wannabe's; intellectual elites vs. Easily led wannabe's; liberals vs alt/extreme right; Humane vs intolerance 
#doyourjobs you people sicken me
how did this help end the slaughter of innocents in American cities? What hypocrisy. No wonder Trump won.
Warren and Merkley are such, vindictive, vile, and villainous individuals that it is hard for me to comprehend.
Idiot.
Let's resist these GOP BASTARDS!
Saying how 12 current Dem Sen. Voted for him last time, and beloved Dem POTUS nominee, and beloved previous Obama, stop dividing the US
Why don't you go and do something worthwhile, like lock up all the executives at Wells Fargo, or demand that all foreclosures be stopped.
Thank you
Warren is a phony, not an Indian and should be in jail
Awesome!!
@TheDemocrats the REAL party of NO (and betraying the Great USA!)
love you guys I got your back  keep up the good work america love you  don't back down
traitor
U liberal morons are flushing this country with your treason but the conservatives are done. You LOST! Accept it!
PocaHANTUS beaaach going to POW WOW. Heap Big Mistake Make Bad Medicine! Gorsuch to be confirmed NO MATTER WHAT, GOOD MEDICINE #MAGA
How about a novel idea, do your job and approve Gorsuch,your demeaning the offices you hold on Party 1st
Hold Michael  Moore sick ass
Hey Poca, why dont you pay the female staffers the same as the men? Hypocrite.
don't you have to pee?
/  Straight to hell!
Your hypocrisy is beyond belief
Nuke Democrats Fri Nuke North Korea Saturday.. Life is good
2 of 2... and then reverting back to being WHITE just to get TENURE?  How do you live with yourself & your LIES?
Lizzie, do you have a mental condition?  You know, LYING about being a Native American and then
Face it LOSERS, you guys have no power & not a damned thing except to LIE. Specially YOU Lizzie, Auntie Tomahawk.
#NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar get it trending
Thank you, Senator Merkley, for this important and significant effort!
You should talk about how the women on your staff are under paid by 31% compared to men. Condescending hypocrite
We Dems are with you both.  Thank you.
That's it? 15 hrs? Why do you fools even bother? Must not have matter that much after all to be that limp dicked about it.
With that kind of support, he needs no enemies.
Did you send him a war bonnet Pocahontas?
And in the end of course, Mr Gorsuch will be confirmed, and you two lose :)
jeff merkley our hero!
idiots
you both are IDIOT's and both of you need to be voted out of office. Judge Gorsuch will be in the SCOTUS soon.
@SenJeffMerkley can't stop honorable Judge Gorsuch. (And why would you want to?) From a fam of Dems who think you all are nuts!
Just get Sens Warren and Sanders on the floor, there's no end to their vacuous, inane, irrelevant bloviating. @oreillyfactor
BOOOOOOOOOO!! YOU ARE NOT IN POWER.  ACCEPT IT FOR AT LEAST 4 YRS!
Wasting your time and our tax dollars.
Thank You!
You Dems need to live in reality, Stop acting childish, Just sore losers, unhinged and whiners. We won, you lost.
obstructionist
You tell 'em, Fauxcahontas!
Thank God that neither of you represent me.  NEVER DEMOCRATS IN 2018!
Keep up the insanity and you will all lose in 2018. OK to block Bush's pick though in 2007.
Pocohantus you need to go back where you came from and of course it certainly was not the reservation.
You're wasting taxpayer $$ - Stop messing around and do your job or resign if you're inadequate!
your both idiots he will be confirmed.  What will you do when Ginsberg needs replaced and its Sen Cruz?
You are such a fool!!!!!
Someone who is as hot winded as you are should have no issue with that.
Thank you Senators!! We are with you!
Oh no....here we go again with more buffonery
Thank you!
Amen @SenJeffMerkley #holdthefloor please don't allow this monster to pass #StopGorsuch
Thank you Senator
yeah you went to bed...
Yoju are an America-hating, lying, hypocritical LOONY-TOON DISGRACE.
Why don't YOU go--to HELL. HYPOCRITE. "Champion" of women screwing female staff with lower pay!
Why? Elizabeth, you're a nutcase. #confirmgorsuch
No one is listening.
Doing thew same things you accused the Repubs of...obstruction
Start paying your female staff Fauxcahontas!!
Too bad you are playing these nasty games on such a qualified nominee.
Truly, you are totally demolishing the democratic Party #ActlikeanAmerican  #stopwhining #constanttrumpbashing
Go AWAY, Elizabeth Warren!  I will do all I can to see you are defeated in 2018!
Gorsuch should and will be confirmed. Your actions are an embarrassment. Do your job!
60 or No! ! !
ou are one of the primary reasons the nuclear option will be invoked. Senators without reason.Only Political
#Russian #puppet #trump #illegitimate in filling #stolenseat and illegitimate senate cheats majority in nuclear middebate lie rulechange-NO!
Physical manners are v. important to me.  Please don't be jumpy.  I 'll listen to you more if you don't.
Why don't you liberals quit crying about your loss? #doyourjob This is exactly why you lost the election.
go away! go away! dump Warren in 2018!
This hag would support anything negative, hateful, racist, or violent just to get her way. Like Killary.
How redskin. I heard you're investing in an abortion clinic. Murderer.
When are you going to take a turn, Liz? 

You can recite your tribe's oral history.
He accomplished absolutely NOTHING just like you as MA senator. Get used to Gorsuch on the SC Pocahontas. Elections have consequences!
S.warren you should have put some of your Indian war paint on him, that would have inspired him maybe poked him with an arrow
Hey Chief I'm a liar... I'm looking to put an application for a job at Harvard.. wondering if I could pass myself off as an American Indian?
Said one horse's ass to another!
gorsuch is a great man!!  hope he gets in soon!
...and take her with you...
Congrats to you both on accomplishing absolutely nothing. Real beneficial for the country though? HMMMMM.
Here's the leader of the Senate Clowns!  

Chuckles @SenSchumer the Clown! 
@SenWarren How about if you spend the next 15 hours explaining why you preach for equal pay but don't practice it with your own staff?
Yes, by all means, continue reciprocating the idiocy-these people are supposedly our nations leadership...may the sinking boat take you all.
A big waste of your time. Gorsuch is unstoppable and undeniable. Sore losers drink hot cocoa.
Stop a good, highly qualified man who was confirmed in the past? Warren you are so irrelevant. Dems are the enemy. America is woke!
So Merkley yapping for 15 hours  is all the proof you need? Were tax payers picking up the tab or were they asking for donations... LMAO
@foxnews @SenWarren @SenJeffMerkley WOW!!  How old are you Sen. Warren? You are acting like a child!  #GROWUP #ACTLIKEANADULT
2 wrongs don't make a right.
Susan Rice lied about wire taps, she had surveillance on Trump the candidate, 4 one year prior 2 election.  Found no Russian plots. unmasked
Democrats, if U want truth in reporting, tune into Fox News.  Your networks Rmanipulating your views, not reporting truths & blowing up lies
you're out of date and out of touch Retire
Geaux @SenWarren @JeffMerkley   #holdthefloor     Nuclear option will destroy any semblance of democracy
So many people are laughing at you.
#EqualPayDay #EqualPay #women #wednesdaywisdom #tcot #Trump #MAGA
Witnessing the degree of deceit and dishonesty of the Dem party, perpetuated by the mainstream, bias media is sickening.  Gov is swamp!
Denying a qualified man like Gorsuch, is just another example of the petty, invalid protestations for the Trump administration. Childish!
U confuse talking with saying something valuable. U R denying Americans a valued judge, with impeccable credentials because U lost election
Go ahead.  Stall.  Hinder. cry. Or do what you do best and WHINE...  None the less Gorsuch will become the newest Supreme Court Justice.
What about you being for equal pay for woman hmmm seems hypacrtical to me
Waste of time . He will be confirmed! #pathetic
you have no reason to oppose Gorsuch all you have is a truck driver incident stop playing politics and confirm this great judge!
SNC@SenWarren And Pee all over himself figuratively and literally!
WHEN THE REPUBLICANS GO NUCLEAR IT WILL BE THE END OF ABORTION AND SOCIALISM WILL LOOSE.
SHUT UP 
Thank you/
Thank you Elizabeth!
SOCIALISM IS NOT THE WAY..YOU THINK IT IS BUT IT IS NOT. IT'S RESPONSIBLE FOR OVER 25 MILLION DEATHS.
hey Pocahontas u should speak more about paying your own woman staff more money and equal to the men on staff!
http://www.thedailysheeple.com/equal-pay-champion-elizabeth-warren-caught-underpaying-female-staffers_042017 …
yes, go.. home, and take Warren with you!
Hope he gives you a chance to yell and whine Liz!
say Pocahontas what is going on? more lies from U?
No Democrat opposed Gorsuch before. Gorsuch hasn't changed. #PettyPolitics Since last election, voters are laser focused. #SupportGorsuch
U people are an embarrassment to America!
@SenSchumer @SenJeffMerkley Check out on today's docket... https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C8qEDhBUAAExaff?format=jpg&name=large …
Be ready to take over for him! Keep it going!
- you people not only lost, now you're becoming a laughing stock. Me peeing in the bushes would accomplish same.
