Whom do we have to thank? Big surprise:
Are you going to pay for it
How 'bout some money from these GOPers?
Did ya look up how much given to Nancy and chuck
Sorry! What? Mitch McConnell receive more money from lobbyists than any other member of Congress? http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2014/mar/27/alison-lundergan-grimes/does-mitch-mcconnell-receive-more-money-lobbyists-/ … via @PolitiFact
You trust politfart?
You trust the GOP?
The old "granny off the cliff" moniker. One of the oldest lies in the far left playbook.
What was the lie?
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
That grandparents in nursing homes will suddenly be left to die. That is a lie.
A better HC system does not allow this:
That was a natural disaster and no government law or funding would have changed the way that situation was dealt with. Grasping at straws.
So much for their being pro-life.
They are more accurately called pro birth. after that they don't care. #GOP wants to ensure women can't control their destinies #Hypocrites
And black folks love Dems and they like getting  knocked up too
Can't we censure him for  this retweet??? violence against women in keeping with office of President?
Donald Trump's amazing golf swing #CrookedHillary 
I reported the tweet.
great idea!  will do same!
It is humor-like Kathy Griffin-remember? Didn't think so.  #snowflake
And thank God Kathy Griffin is not president.  Higher standard?
Humor.  Can't have it both ways.  As HRC about high standards.
I have many Republican friends. Many! They may agree with policy, but will NEVER defend this type of behavior from POTUS
#MAGA. The BHO cult folwed blindly. Cheered all the way. USA needs a fixer, leader, dealmaker. We r all flawed. Him or HRO-zero hesitation!
Raise your State and Local taxes and pay for all that your own self.
OMG! That simply is not true it! You are a liar! You know nothing!
You are misleading people and that makes you a liar! People are smarter than you want to give them credit for!

RepubliCON s don't care about those people. They can't afford to bribe them. They are vile soulless scum.
Ty
Obamacare unaffordable for Americans. A disaster you helped make
"Coverage ripped away?" Or "sorry we're going bankrupt you're going to have to start to pay like everyone else..."
You've had 8 years, why isn't there a plan
As long as DT his Cabinet members & his family can profit from their Pharmi & ins. stock they don'r care. PR & McConnell too!
Obama care is a piece of crap. It's just another welfare system that i have to pay for and nothing for it.
Yes Elizabeth Warren scream , shout
How can it get worse for nursing homes? Standards are DEPLORABLE 
now. Florida
So we will just let AHC just die on its own because it already is. Bye healthcare. Then all you leftists will bitch that everyone has no HC.
Yes, fight to fix the ACA
Write legislation that forces medical entities NOT to have a 900% profit markup & the need for medical insurance VANISHES.
I was in hospital and they charged $147 for one pill... one I normally take at home that doesn't cost anywhere near that amount!
Mark-ups r obscene. I used to work @ a"non-profit" hospital. Their mark-ups were ridiculous.
The corporation hospitals are much worse. That is where I had that huge amount of money for one pill...
the mark-ups in the non profit hospitals pay for indigents and we had much better equipment...
Stop trying to scare people you are not telling the truth
Because we cant afford the premiums, remember you have to pass it to see whats in it. You and pelosi should be tried for treason
No plan from you just complaints. Do your job! OC is dead and you have no solution
Keep fighting. With you!!!
Lies
The #healthcare Fix will require bi-partisan agreement to achieve economies, coverage, access & quality improvements
Fake news... you clearly don't take into account the population size of the US vs those small counties
... and presidents not getting the mental healthcare they need...
Thx for fighting with all your might to keep the GOP from destroying what all of us need!
That is so rude. But if she can trace it female to female, generation to generation, why not claim? She did not come from wealth, you know.
Just as a funny, I would love to send you a pic of my grandson who cannot offer proof. Good records, unrecorded births things got in his way
Keep fighting for ACA
Too bad
Why do you Democrats insist on scaring people with your lies
Sorry, but, NOT...F-the Republicans...love u Elizabeth Warren!!!!!
Can't the Dems get this stoped!!!! Taking away these items is cruelty to those that need it most especially kids an pre existing conditions
Do your job and quit bitching!
stop trying to scare people #goaway
get a life
I'm calling bullshit
Then YOU DO SOMETHING
The @GOP will have to answer voters when the overdoses are tripled due to lack of insurance by 2018 elections
Will let you keep Obamacare if you send the dreamers back and build the wall
And adults with disabilities whose Medicare is below poverty level
#60Votes
When congress & less ppl like E.Warren have 2 have Obcare,deplorables like me will listen.Until then, she has no clue what mid class feels
Give them all the same coverage you and your colleague's have. Or all of you get on same plans you're foisting on regular folks.
No more treatments for my grandson with Hunters Syndrome. He will die much sooner, and be crippled up for yrs before. THANKS GOP!
You lost all credibility when you made the decision to vote yea on the military industrial complex budget.
OMG! There will be millions of dead in our streets. One question. Why weren't there millions of dead in our streets before the ACA?
Monstrous. And all while ANOTHER hurricane is threatening PC and USVI. We will never forget this horrible betrayal.
Shame on the GOP
Don't forget women who become pregnant. Pre-existing condition? What sort of male-based bullshit is that???
Guess I'll just have to become a criminal like the politicians that are taking my insurance that I worked for 43 yrs. To have. #marijuana
@LaVerneWright13 you overreached w/Bernies bill Medicare 4 all..now they will beat us to death with it..you should know better.
You need to stop talking...and tweeting and fix something. I can say this I live in the state that elected you and your a whining is so old
@Senate GOP health care bill is DEPRAVED and INHUMANE! Nice job, CREEPS!
Anyone good with that has no conscience
GOP are at their natural best when decimating lives and adversely affecting the planet. They refuse to deal with today's reality. #ACA
And they are so close to having enough votes. Pathetic.
Go back into your tee pee
One of the worst bills ever written! Are they trying to get ppl killed???
You should've left it alone
Is there actual const. precedent or tested law for clause to impeach?
So, guess we can kinda give up, on that, "In God we trust", as the God crowd, has turned into haters. WTF?????
Well they just hate those that deserve it apparently. It's really just sad USA is a third world country. Divided states. Divided parties.
Amen
Sadly that is true but scream and squeal as U will U can blame Pelosi/Shumer for Trump poll jump giving GOP courage to push it through.
Same old scare tactics are getting boring!!
I have children with disabilities. :(
Please vote against it!
What can we do besides tweet Murkowski and our own Senators?
Can't anyone get the republicans to agree to possibly just "fix" the ACA? Instead of these horrendous bills they pawn off as replacements ?
Why do we have to constantly beg for our lives?
Because this storm has been brewing since the 80s.
#greedisgood & profits over people. They should be ashamed,  but they are soulless

Sad.
Pre existing conditions !!
are you lying again Lizabeth?
McCain is a man of integrity and Graham is his friend. They both should consider anyone with John's prognosis
I am with you and ObamaCare going forth with improvements.  By the Grace of God we still hang in there.
Please keep fighting for us Elizabeth!
Who do you recommend calling in Senate (most impact)? Which Rs have the guts to vote NO?
You are a fool Fletch liar
People need to pay attention to what the GOP is going to try to push through.TAKE ACTION before this happens. Call your Congressmen, say NO!
The coverage in Florida must already have a huge hole in it. 8 dead in Hollywood FL nursing home.
And of course 45 and #GOP will ensure that charges of neglect and abuse never reach the courts.
Well God did send these ding dongs Trump to strip away American's health care & hit people with golf balls.
If this is God's hand at work, we should all be more than worried.
Indeed but consider the source.
The only thing giving ME any solace.
.@SenJohnMcCain, honorable men w integrity & valor cannot be owned. Pls put USA above Party. Affordable HC matters to #WeThePeople. Vote No.
trump and his cohorts like Graham will rip anything they can from as many ppl as poss to bring themselves closer to total control @kjoerwin
...guess the @gop have decided to take away the lives of Americans after all...
It sounds like a syndrome. "Well, Guillain-Barré is pretty serious, but it hasn't killed nearly as many as Graham-Cassidy."
Liar Communist Warren. #FakeIndian
You are looking to rip 150 Million Americans healthcare that are sponsored by their employers. We work, we pay, get a job.
Obamacare already stole American people's healthcare. Dems oppose American people's interests.
Elderly people n nursing homes WILL BE KICKED OUT if fed gov pulls back on Medicaid. Nsg homes take SS income & supplement w Medicaid
You're a liar Pocahontas
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski 
Please Susan and Lisa do not rip insurance away from millions on this hack plan.
Fight hard. I believe in you
#GOP4Doug or #exGOP4Doug...
Thinning of the herd, sweetie.
Sen Warren, the US spends over $550 bil a year on Medicaid, where does that money come from?
Please contact your Senators and let them know that this is unacceptable.  Email and phone contacts are in link https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ … 
Shut up!!!  Already breaking your deal with President with that public statement of lies with your bed buddy little Chuckie Schumer!!!
Oh we know
It's not a healthcare bill it's a WEALTHCARE BILL

As a hcp I've NEVER treated a corporation.
If tens of millions people don't want to be forced to buy something that font mean they are losing it.
What's funny is that I can be comfortable disregarding anything you tweet.
@dks6446 yes I didn't understand it either obummer pulling $700 billion from Medicare to put in his nightmare healthcare
And adults with disabilities that want to continue living independently.
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Dangerous misogynist with history of raping & sexually assaulting women, @realDonaldTrump, retweeted violent video targeting @HillaryClinton https://twitter.com/boston25/status/909452453510307841 …
Main reasons MAGAmooks like Trump: 1. White 2. White supremacist 3. Man
CALL THEM
A Complete list of Senate Republicans and their Twitter handles.
This is handy.
Stop fear mongering @NeilyaSmith
Most vulnerable Americans among us will DIE without healthcare. GOP Congressmen only care that they're saving $$ & making profits for rich.
https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/read-about-graham-cassidy-heller-johnson …
Why do you continue to lie to the ppl to try and cause fear and chaos to support ur agenda to have liberal government takeover?
We must #Resist
I'm a Cancer survivor. Having a biopsy today. Hope I have coverage for treatment or ACA signs my death sentence. WTF Elizabeth, Do Something
Funny you guys don't worry about losing your healthcare we want your healthcare plan get busy Pocahontas
@JeffFlake this. Please do not support this bill.
Cassidy is a snake.  A physician trying to withhold healthcare.
@GovHowardDean dont let this pass the senate
As the libtard wing raises hope of single payer to take the wind out of the sails of the Resistance. Why now? You may have doomed ACA.

@GOP has no idea what a ripple effect this would create in our economy... this is not a game - this is real for millions of US citizens
Warren! Gosh dang old phone, I Swan.
Quit being so dramatic, Lizzie Borden. Er, Warden. My bad.

Oh stop it already!
Doesn't anyone care about the American people any more? Isn't there anything they can do before `HE` takes us back to the age of depression
Yes, tell your bud this isn't the best time to be blasting M4A.  He should be telling his bros to call their reps about this!
Exactly! Talking M4A is a self-imposed error that must STOP. the REAL healthcare crisis happening right NOW.
here we go again don't let GOP wears us down
This is BS
But you know this right, @SenateGOP @HouseGOP ?
The real death panels Sarah Palin invoked about ACA.
Ive worked in Long term care for 20 years and that is simply not true!   BTW, I am directly involved in how MCR and Medicaid pays facilities
Mordor is on the Rise! We are only ones who can stop  them!
People gonna have to get a job
It is almost like they are trying to kill off all the people who aren't perfect.  Didn't Hitler want that type of society?
This constant onslaught against Americans who need health insurance (ie almost everyone) is sick in itself.  It's twisted and it's abusive.
They don't care- and of course we will just sit there and let it happen- it's what we do about everything-it's disgusting
How about those who saw premiums go from $450, up to $2,500 a month?  Who's looking out for us?
Who wants Medicare?  Who's going to pay for free insurance for everyone?
Like the care. They are insured. Don't give a heck about the very people that voted them into their temporary positions. Plan: vote them out
This is disgusting fear mongering. There's not even a CBO score. Shameful.
So let's just let Obamacare collapse,  right folks?
Where was YOUR VOICE last week? Oh, I forgot, you were standing w/ @SenBernie peddling bill that WILL NEVER pass w Repubs. You ignored ACA!
Medicare 50, trump voters greatest fear is not immigration it's losing
Job and healthcare prior to Medicare. Start there.
If you have no solution @SenWarren then you are part of the problem. Stop your fearmongering and get to work doing your job!
Can it, "sweetie" . . . If you had even a fraction of Elizabeth Warren's intelligence and character, you'd have researched her proposals.
"Sweetie" all I need to know is she supports ACA. Looking at her web page-Not seeing a lot here in regards to healthcare changes.
@SenSusanCollins @lisamurkowski @SenDeanHeller @SenCapito @ThomTillis @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain THEIR LEGACY appeasing THE PUSSY GRABBER
.FIX ACA...DUMP TRUMP
Graham-Cassidy just may be hunted down like heartless swine they are.
They are killing ACA anyways and blaming it on Obama. They have such shit ideas, it's like they don't want it too pass so they can
So they can scapegoat the dems. I say we let them pass this bullshit & nail their own coffin shut
@SenSusanCollins @lisamurkowski @JeffFlake @ThomTillis SO YOUR legacy is TAKING ACA/Medicaid from 34 million & appeasing the PUSSY GRABBER
Yes we know this is what ACA dis
So what are you recommending for Americans.  We can't continue at these levels.
YES, GET BUSY. YOU TRIED TO SABOTAGE ACA WHEN YOU JOINED UP WITH DIVISIVE @BernieSanders THERE IS LOTS OF WORK TO DO. #SaveFixSupportACA
@realDonaldTrump this is not how you #MAGA #comeonman
And you're just lying.
Ha? Really? Did you realize the after the monkey show with Bernie or before. I don't even know why we keep fighting?
Tell Chuck and Nancy to kill the deal with POTUS unless Mitch kills this bill.
Why do some politicians put greed before the People in this country ? Lie, cheat & steal. Where's the Honor ? Respect ?
Yep thats the party of. "  kristian values"
kind of like "you can keep your doctor if you want"
Must stop this awful bill
So, is it worth demonstrating for? Is it worth emails/letters/calls to your 2 Sens & Reps to get your voice heard again?  
WILL U SUPPORT TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS?
"Bully policy" attacking the ones who cant fight back.
BS, be an honest Indian for a change.
