You need to go away
Why? Could it be because she keeps her eye on the goal & speaks truth to power?! Some people are afraid of women who are smart & outspoken
Speaks the truth? Pocahontas speaks the truth. The lady who lied about being part Indian. Right. #liarliarpantsonfire
Is that all you've got?
You should resign. Why have you been lying to the American people all these months and wasting our taxpayer $$$$
The People of the United States of America are sick & tired of our wasted tax $ being spent on liberal/msm created lies against our potus!
It's not trolling it's facts
Why is "your media" fair and accurate?
Allow me to remind all libs that AG Eric Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted! 
Also we're not talking about Holder. Try to keep up. I know there are some big words flying around.
Just exposing the media
He should also be able to remember his conversations with Russians as clear As he (kinda) did with Comey. His lack of memory is disturbing
This is ridiculous. Sessions & Trump publicly praised Comey re Clinton. Then, he gets fired for the very thing they praised him for?  WTH?
Sessions can't recall even waking up this morning. His testimony was not credible and at times highly suspect.
Shouldn't HE resign because he lied to Congress in the first place? Why is that OK?
@SenWarren I could not agree more!
I urge every state AG and Mueller to take a serious look at every member of the GOP. they are all obstructing lying and ignoring their oath
Good idea. Think it'll happen?  So frustrating
I dunno know , something on a grand scale needs to happen and soon
Welp. If mueller gets fired, we're in a constitutional crisis, so there's that
We are already so deep in a constitutional crisis right now that it has weakened our nation security gravely
I agree Senator Thanks for your hard work
I agree Elizabeth. How do we get him to resign?
#SessionsResign
Agreed.  Keep up the good fight Senator Warren!
Will you send him a letter specifically encouraging him to resign ? Go on record!
he should be in jail not the medical pot users...he projects his evil on to vulnerable others...he is the essence of evil
I agree. AG Sessions seems to have a memory problem. Since he "can't recall" anything, perhaps he's not fit to run the Dept. of Justice.
How bout you resign Lizzy boo
My favorite part was when #JeffSessions said he was "getting nervous" because #KamalaHarris was going "too fast" with questions lol. #resign
especially since he seems to have such a faulty memory. Anyone who "cant recall" more than he can recall is not fit to be AG
Why was a Russian attending a small GOP campaign event w select guests? how can Sessions say he doesn't recall a Russian at the event??
Why did @HillaryClinton sell enriched uranium to the Russians? Save it fool we can go back and fourth. Let's get on with America
#SackSessions #DumpTrump
I like your hash tag slogan!
Using it - let it go VIRAL!
DO IT! #SackSessions #DumpTrump

He also needs a memory that is intact.  The inability to recall significant events from a mere year ago, is not good.
You're excellent on allegations but where's the proof?  Having ADD and mouth diarrhea is not a good combination for you lady
Kind of like Lynch meeting Bill Clinton at an airport   That kind of truthful ?  TERM LIMITS !!!!!!
It's time to produce your proof if you have it or admit there is none. You are not serving Massachusetts with this partisan nonsense. #EndIt
force the issue, "should" doesn't work with the Treasonous Trump Tribe of Traitors  #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Doubt I have ever heard "I don't recall..." more in one hearing than Sessions has uttered today. It allows for lying by blaming bad memory.
RETWEET!! @USAGSessions RESIGN NOW!!
Honestly, this is ridiculous.  I would love to use his excuses w/legal body/cops see how that goes (esp. for ppl. of color)
You should resign!! Lying about being an Indian 
Let it go.  Just another hater.
So should u lying saying your an native American.   Take a dna test Ms Warren.   Your a fraud to your people
My grandfather was half black and half white, but he looked black. My mom is a quarter native and looks whiter than Elizabeth Warren.
The AG should be a middle aged
Smart, tough, legal, well rounded 
Individual, not a tornup old geezer, 
looking foward to a Bowel movement
As someone who is supposed to fight for consumers, you should resign
Yes! The only question is, however, who would replace him?
Granpappy sessions has been at the moonshine again on some tiny island somewhere,  if he gets a nap he might remember
Ditching the #Dems a person at a time. You set the example of NASTY. Maxine trying to top even you. All nut cases.  Bernie leading now?
You're high.
Yup
good thing Hillary isn't president she couldn't be truthful or uphold the law either.
OH PALEASE. You know nothing about Hillary Clinton that you didn't hear from fake alt right propaganda.
I know that she voted for the Iraq War, & the Patriot Act & doesn't like Medicare for all. That is enough for me to not want to vote for her
A good day to remind everyone that AG Eric Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted.
Holder is no longer the AG.  Sessions is and HE is now under investigation.
When a lefty does wrong, no case but a righty is guilty no matter what. Loretta Lynch, were coming after you. #lLibsareISIS
When a righty does wrong, no case but a lefty is guilty no matter what.  donald trump,  we're coming after you. #CuckservaturdsAreSHIT.
Thank you, Senator Warren, for being a clear voice of reason and integrity in defense of our democracy when it's under assault.
Is it contrary to any laws for the AG to be a lying, sniveling, despicable weasel? If so- he must go.
If #cannabis is set back by @POTUS administration,  Trump will lose in 2020 to ANYONE who runs and is pro cannabis. #FireSessions #growapair
No. I don't partake but know #Veterans with #PTSD  and people in pain that use #cannabis instead of prescription opiates and alcohol. 
Anyone who wants me to trade my med cann for booze and opiates better e ready to fight!
Yep. You are not alone. Fight it will be. @jeffsessions @realDonaldTrump
TRUTHFUL??? I bet it took you all day to find that word. Am I wrong High Cheeks?
You are insulting and mean-spirited Mr. Bannon. You are a big part of the problem in this country right now due to your influence of POTUS!
Hey Gail, this isn't really him
Thanks Elaine.
We do know of AG Sessions truthfulness.  We know of your dishonesty.  You need to apologize to AG Sessions.
Sen Warren--any1 involved w/donnie should GO! Y isn't there demand for a new election after Comey confirmed Russian interference in ours????
Yes, by all means, turn ur head while our democracy is threatened!! What will it take for u2 realize donnie is NOT some1 u should support???

So many fish. So little time.
@propornot NO! Sessions should be Prosecguted for Collusion with enemy & sedition! Do your job Senator! 
Don't Coverup!
You mean like Obama with the Iranians?
As a senator we need you to be honest and truthful. Oh you are not capable of that so you should resign asap.
Yet another witch-hunt!!!!
As are you, senator. So, let's talk about you using false Indian heritage to receive benefits. You should resign.
Is that all you've got?  Get a life.
Sessions should resign and go back to guarding his pot of gold.
In his defense, how many of us remember talking every time we are with a major top Russian senior diplomat? It happens all the time!!!
Man, all the friggin' time, Davydogg. Why, just yesterday....
IKR!!! Just last Monday I was...um, wait no! I was doing laundry that day I think? I can't remember.

He can't remember anything, How the hell can he be trusted to remember how to keep us safe
And mueller should recuse himself too?  No?? #conflictofinterest
You should resign...
Ha! Yeah right, he made all the senators look like a bunch of asses, not that that's very difficult to do.
You first! AG Sessions is one of the most sincere and honest people you know, if you were honest with yourself you'd admit that!
Must be an occupational hazard this AG Amnesia. Australia's AG suffers from the same affliction under questioning. Very strange.
You are a huge reason why Repubs are being shot.  Have you no shame!
Resign or get fired !!!
Just like you being a Native American???? People who live in glass house shouldn't throw stones!!
A racist and a liar , great combo for a human let alone a AG
@SenWarren should lose her job.  Classic example of preying on the weak lower class to push agenda.  After HOC hearing, she shouldve resignd
He has amnesia
And you should go back to your Indian tribe & cleanse yourself in a sweat lodge.
Agree -- he and all of those that are obstructing justice should be charged and pay the full penalty of the law.
Hay Senator .. I did. Not kbow you have the magic ball ..  Do I have to remind you it is the Christian way to grant benifit of the dobut?
Where the F were you at while Holder and tarmac girl Lynch held that office.
And you should be prosecuted for being a Fake INDIAN. Shame on you liar.
I agree totally 
He won't
You first.
How does the top "lawyer" not seem to know process, procedures?  And why can't he seem to construct a sentence? Is this democracy?!
He will after he puts Hillary in jail. You know your friend who broke the law hundreds of times.
As should Trump and pence. They r interested in making oil deal w Russia and lining their pockets.
As should you !!
So where does that leave you. Do America a favor and you resign.
He has done his job. And if looking like a idiot is your job. Your doing a good job to.
But will you resign after knowing She cheated the Primaries? Nobody wants to talk about that big white elephant tho. Why Warren why?
Nobody cares what you think Pocahontas
#Stonewalling #Sessions #traitors #PartyOverCountry
#EnoughIsEnough
Two words:  Loretta Lynch.
You should resign. Everything you have achieved in your career is based on lies and misinformation
You should have told this to @AGLynch not Sessions.
He needs to go back to making Keebler cookies because they haven't tasted the same since he left the tree.
Oh look, #fakenativeamerican trying to talk about being truthful. Did you know Sen Shaheen is related to Pocahontas? True story.
you should FALL of the FACE of the earth!
Agreed!
#TermLimits
What was the lie, or was Comey lying, and what crime did he commit and what is the proof!
we could always put him in a crate in the middle of a smoke circle until the THC forces some light into his neglected front lobe....
Upholding the law in Mass=allow police officers RN wives at Steward Hospitals to omit patient injuries caused by police officers husbands.
I appreaciate you @senwarren but he's not going anywhere and the GOP is not going to do anything.  We need to just get ready for 2018.
He should not be left with the option to bow out with dignity. He doesn't deserve that privilege. He should be fired. He lied to congress.
Just say Democrats attack one of their former colleagues the way y'all are doing is disgusting.
Where do I find your arguments for this?
@SenWarren Holder fast&furious Lynch/B.Clinton plane.They actually hindered investigations U SAID AND DID NOTHING!#DemsHypocrisy #Sessions
Comey sure is the man go back to his testimony how many times did he say "I don't know". For intelligence he know very little except leaking
Sessions is a true law abiding man shut your mouth witch you are evil should not make that determination you are,a hypocrite
Ridiculous
@jeffsessions is an honest man with integrity! Dems r disgrace 2 this country! Supported #Obamafail who betrayed & #CareerCriminalClintons
Another NutJob that's gotta go! 
Who the hell raised these wacko's? Oh yea it took a village..
Absent parents syndrome
Would apply the same standard to AG Loretta Lynch?
Please cite the statute that the AG has violated? 
Hahahahaha.
That's how you look like since Trump won. Face reality #Trump is the elected president of the United States of America  Now do your Job
I thought he was very truthful. You know other wise dummy
, you have a lot of nerve calling someone a liar lady
That ain't  gonna happen
Sessions suffers from a rare disease in the Trump White House "CRSS" CANT REMEMBER SHIT SYNDROME. It's time we remove Sessions from his job!
Please stop. Your bias makes you look sad and desperate.  It's time to come up with plans for every American.  You can do this!
He won't resign. Impeach Him. Now you have obstruction to add to perjury.
I agree however, people need to be more aware of the Rep. "secret" health care bill. Wish more reporting were being done on this. Outrageous
You need to shut if your obnoxious pie whole. You lied about your heritage to get a job at Harvard. You if all people should talk.
He's a terrible liar, his answers were a joke...
Our system is broken...
Your completely out of control- take your xanax and relax
And you should be put out of your misery
as a Senator your not suppose to spew hate and lies with
Your call is not warranted and inappropriate. Calm yourself and give a fair listen to the people you think you hate so much.
AS Sessions "Colludes", (OBVIOUSLY), with Trump to obstruct the Senate hearing on 
*COLLUSION & OBSTRUCTION*
Sessions ACTED insulted 
Oscar
As an American citizen first hand seeing the atrocities perpetrated by our American gov't in El Salvador I am with you
Anyone notice how much nastier the Senate has become since Elizabeth Warren entered its body?  She is a cancer in politics & this country.
Are you referring to Loretta Lynch?
Law goes to the highest bidder with this WH, how much for him to resign?
I think you should resign as well.
Like you Miss Indian sqaw?  Like you tell the truth.
Time to organize our women's march for medical care!
As AG it demands independence Sessions has proven not to have, he's paid by citizens not DT! Thanks for work in protecting us Sen
Sorry I mean whats wrong with you @SenWarren why are you so Hysterical????  Sorry
Go back to Massachusetts or Venuzala or somewhere else.  You're an unimportant Senator trying to make yourself relevant for personal gain.
90% of his answers were "I don't recall" so Americans or we have to decide is he fit or unfit for the AG
When you resign Pocahontas
what did you say Lieawatha?
AG is not truthful. Sad!!Why are the American people  who knows better allowing this to go on
Chicago in the '30s wasn't this corrupt.
He said "...not giving it away..." when asked about his convos w the pres? Give WHAT away? What abt that convo are you going to GIVE AWAY?
Hahaha that's funny Liz
When you resign I'll ask AG Sessions if he would how's that?
Hey #Fauxcahontas,
Senators must be truthful as well! Using your same logic, you should resign too!
#Liawatha
He's too worried about vindication for Hillary Clinton he can't find it in his Keebler Elf soul to resign
What about Loretta lynch?
So should you with your SITTING-BULLCRAP!  #MAGA
He is not truthful. He won't resign. Perhaps all our Dem Senators need to tell us what we can do? Is there something?
@JeffSession I think Miss Warren gives good advice, suggest your take it and resign. the truth will catch up to you whether u recall or not.
Totally unhinged. We must find ways to get her out of Congress and move forward with the America's business. #DTS @realDonaldTrump
He must resign. He is either dishonest or incompetent. Both make it impossible for him to do the job of AG.
You're a fine one to be speaking about the truth
Sen. Warren under what false preposterous allegation should AG Sessions resign? Go back to dancing w/ LGBT 'and wear your rainbow wig clown.
And just when are you going to be truthful about your heritage and the scam you pulled?
Yes he should resign
He's owned. AG is supposed to be (w other functions) an internal check on admin branch. He's a doormat not a checkpoint. He's really scared.
so, I think should you!   consider yourself when tweeting ABOUT LYING!!!
He shouldn't B submitted 2 Ur classless verbal interrogations! U Dems R going 2 lose so Bigly next election!! We see! We hear!! We remember!
why is that US people has to put up with wht is clearly treason among all that bunch of traitors around potus and himself? Russian GOP ?
Just how did that do for AG Eric Holder, & Loretta Lynch?
You should be truthful. You have known for months that there is no collusion with Russia. Trump wasn't a target. Lynch obstructed justice.
Why don't you resign since you didn't tell the truth about your heritage for personal gain.
Tiny racist #KeeblerElf Jeff Sessions is unfit to serve & should resign
@jeffsessions @realDonaldTrump 
#SessionsHearing #TrumpRussia
Do you always slander people's character without proof ? Than support the lying leakers club of Clinton,Comey and Lynch.
Is there any non liberal that can be office
Whatever you say, Chief.
LOL, truthful, truthful? LOL..that is very amusing coming from one who has made lying an art form. If anyone resigns it shld be u
Agreed!!! Let's get rid of AG Sessions. Can you say collusion with Russia?
You wouldn't recognize the truth if it hit you in the face.
