Asshole
This should be a very easy question! The fact that he had no answer speaks volumes.
The fact Hatch needed help to answer the question is very telling.  Wth are these people doing?
Can you say term limits Pelosi thinks Trump is Bush everyone's getting fat on our dime and we're eating pork and beans
Right?  And McCain thinks he's at Woodstock having flashbacks. Old white people. I'm done with em.
This is preposterous. How do we hold the GOP accountable?
2018 elections. Get out and vote
We shouldn't have to wait - rules are being ignored and they are not working for Americans EUGE ETHICS ISSUES!
Why you did with obama care, why is that?
Obama care took over 9 months and held open committee meetings and hearings. They invited Repubs to table - go back to c-span and watch
Obama care also had many clise door meeting, that blocked out GOP's. ( see c-span tapes)
Yes they did. Then they put it up for debate and allowed 162 amendment by GOP
23 MILLION people, mostly Trump voters, will suffer.
when will I save my 2500 a year that Obama promised
Great, so instead of fixing it, throw 23 million Americans off healthcare, in a secret bill being written behind closed doors.
who is gonna fix it the lobbyists in dc do you really believe the AHCA is about quality healthcare
I'm not saying fixing it is the only solution, but the AHCA is not good for america, it's not healthcare, it's not better than Obamacare.
the va is 100%government run that is the type of care you can expect with single payer
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz should watch this carefully. Evidence @GOP are not representing constituents and using DT shit show as a distraction.
Send them a letter about exactly this earlier tonight!
Me too!!


Looks good
Yet you had no problem voting in obamacare, not knowing what was in it until you voted on it, why was that? (Ref. Polosies speech)
So - there definitely needs to be balance in our political process to make proposals that work for all - where does it begin
Turn up the volume and you can hear Sen Hatch's aide telling him exactly how to answer. Wow! Thank you Sen McCaskill for speaking up.
Pls rt- #Trumpcare will put my child's life at risk- take a glimpse into our life
How? It is obamacare that is destroying healthcare for millions
We need to shut the place down if they won't cooperate. All of the senators please demand they bring this #GOPTaxScam out into the light. #TheResistance #StopGOPTaxScam
#electionfraud Caused this bunch of white guys to take over the US.  Claire McCaskill is a GENIUS to call this out.
ELECTIONS HAVE AND WILL HAVE CONSEQUENCES,
Thank you senator!
By the Warren, you couldn't have said it better, isn't saying much..  lol
Way
Way to stand up for us Claire!@SenateMajLdr @ChuckGrassley   Don’t throw our healthcare and us under the bus
Well said!
Call your Republican senators!
So much for democracy being democratic. Jeez!
Hatch has no prepared response.
Has to be coached by an aide despite completely foreseeable objection.
3rd in Succession??
#amjoy
Yet you had no problem voting on obamacare not knowing what was in it, until you voted on it (refer to polosies famous words)
She is 100% right and why did he need someone to tell him what to say??? He should be prepared!!!
@chelseahandler @clairecmc Aide whispered answer in Chairman's ear! Hahaha! Oopsies!! Heard every word! #Dementia like @POTUS ?!?
Haha! Uhhhhhh.... (what do I say?)
Thank you for speaking truth to power!  Don't give up we have a long way to go!
I think I need to send you, Senator Warren AND Senator McCaskill one of my handmade "Nasty Woman" necklaces. You are both delightfully nasty
I think we need to send Senator Warren and Senator McCaskill to GITMO
Wow...
Oh how it seems the shoe doesn't fit so well on the other foot.  Who spoke the words, "we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it"?
Love how his aid had to feed him his answer so he could lie about sneaking thru a healthcare change that @gop voted to be exempt from.
But what are you saying about 5 Dinos (Claire McCaskill, Bill Nelson, etc.) approving GOP firearms deal with Saudis?
@SenWarren U SHOULD ANNOUNCE DEMS WILL
DENY CONSENT NOW!
2018 remember Bratt win?
?
The saddest part is I can no longer say unbelievable...
She spoke so strongly on behalf ALL Americans. Wonder Woman was great but women like you, @KamalaHarris, @maddow are my real heroes. 
Warren for president
America needs to stand up and say this is wrong they are sneaking something to vote & no one knows what's in it!! Evil
Ur duplicity&hypocrisy showing. AmPPLremmbrDemsSHUTOUT GOPfor10yrs thtUcntrlCngrss& Nasty"WeWON"GoAway",incl.PresO!MustFEELlessonTilPassed!
Why do republican women settle on levels of consciousness pleasurable to guys of misogyny who disallows the full expression of womanhood?
You couldn't have said it at all. You were poor at dancing like a circus clown at the parade, which is surprising since you act like a clown
Repeal...no replace. Not a function of federal gov. Outside of limits of our constitution.
Way to go, Claire!
Democrats demand public hearings EVEN if only Dems show up. Lead by example. #SaveACA
There is NADA secret about the republicans your seeing ur reflection
Keep it up!
Your constituents in Massachusetts want to hear you say it, too!  We need your leadership! #withholdconsent #hearings #aca #ahca
i LOVE THIS RESPON SE!!!!
Thank you Senator McCaskill!!
Like the hearing with that trillion dollar bs Obama crammed down Americans throats?  .. . idiots didn't even read it. .
We need a plan to stop this! #ResistAHCA
You go girl. Keep speaking up for all of us that will lose our healthcare. A "SECRET BILL" should not be allowed.
Lol! That's the way girl give it to him chapter and verse! 
Just can't take a video of an overweight women talking about healthcare seriously.  Horrible
Thank you @clairemc   I ask that all democrats take a stand on your passion as well. See when you do that we at least feel we have a voice .
Fight fight cabinet oh flattery all suckers & lollipops yes Mr @SenWarren @Pontifex @nytimes @PressKorner @POTUS44.
Hi @SenWarren, would you support the @SenateDems refusing to participate in any Senate business until the AHCA is given a public hearing?
Thank you, we need so much more of this!
Democrats: like the little league coach who complains about losing but always lets his kid with a 15.5 ERA pitch.
What about it Clair...2020?  You'd get my vote!
ROFL coming from the party of u have to pass it to see what's in it, everything they say in regards to transparency is a joke
Outstandin, call your senators and give them hell.
Wow....well said senator
GOP Senate gambling with our lives. Senate and House MUST have exactly the same health care they pass for all Americans. No more, no less.
The people are watching. Lowly people like me spreading the word. Social media goes both ways. #make people care
elections have consequences and you lost 1200 seats because of obamcare and liberal policy...#noselfawareness
We the people are screwed
Yes!!!  Now that is a real Representative!
Claire is unassailable there!  Wish we had a Claire McCaskill in KS.  All we have are wicked witches and flying monkeys.
Now here is a leader I'm willing to follow.  Thank you @clairecmc for saying what most of us are at home thinking.
Thank you!
I hope you all find a way to work together...
We won't accept policy for health care constructed behind clothed doors! great job senator!
What can be done about this? Make noise! Get media talking! This impacts us!
COURAGE. Thank you Claire
@gippydish @clairecmc BUT WILL IT MATTER??????
The only test for getting financial help should maybe be a civics test. We are woefully uneducated on Our constitution.
Why does Hatch respond like a man wakened from the dead by his aide? For God's sake, shut down #AHCA consideration in the SENATE!
I think you could have.  Although, Senator McCaskill was amazing!  #PowerfulWomen
Good...hammer them.  But just remember it goes both ways.  One day the roles will be reversed.
Thank you, Senators McCasill and Warren for fighting tirelessly against republic lies, corruption and tyranny!
Here Here................
Yes, she's quite persistent!
America in a poor state, it's such a shame that 50% of you are determined to bring down civic society and hand life over to the dollar 
Who killed Seth Rich
Thank you!!
You go Senators Claire and Elizabeth. No mansplaining. They are outmatched by you articulate, wise leaders! Thank you!
Please go on news&talk about this..just bought book by my fave senator. Book shows US is thisclose to being an oligarchy #CapeCod
@SenWarren
Yes! Yes! And yes!
Stunningly frightening. Mr. Hatch frightening in appearance of either dullard or dictator-like puppet
#SomeoneIloveIsASexAddict
Just proves the GOP is wanting a Machiavellian society
Fact: Hatch looked & sounded like a confused, who couldn't answer without the help of a younger mind. #TheResistance
Where is the bill? And why won't they share it with the public and other members of Congress? Members of GOP don't even know what is in it.

Uncensored truth!
Yes stand up 4 what u said u would do. This Repub group is scary. They are lie and resort 2 tricks 2 get things in.

Now the Democrats cry foul. The GOP knows the will of the contributing citizens of this great nation. The democrats only support the takers.
What secret? President Trump said during and after his campaign that he would push for Obamacare being repealed.
If their healthcare plan is so wonderful, why all the secrecy & sneakiness to try to pass it? Methinks it stinks like the House version.
We need more people like her in congress A balance between repubs and democrats elected is needed to force compromise.
"The World Will Be Saved By the Western Woman" -  the Dalai Lama
you should demand a discussion..but you are too busy tearing everyone apart; use a little honey to attract the bees
You helped set this up; they have accountability to NOONE...Congress cannot even ask them questions; no budget oversight..what a scam
when will you look into the Consumer Financial Protection Agency?  CFPA
Hank you Claire for sticking up for us.
@CelaineF @clairecmc It's time for some CHANGES IN THE HOUSE!  WE need some PROPER REPRESENTATION! @KamalaHarris @HillaryClinton @maddow
WTF
SPEAK!!!   HEAR!!!   THINK!!!   ACT!!!

@CelaineF 

WE want OUR LEADERS to BE WISE!!!

WE want OUR LEADERS to REPRESENT the USA!!!
This should be shouted from the roof tops! Thank you Senators!
Cool. A public hearing on secret plans. Gotta love it.

Taxation is theft
Why are we seeing all of your Snaps twice Chelsea
You couldn't have said it better....bullshit. Democrats, Rebulicans and thier clown ass voter NEVER admit mistakes.
Thank you for your tirelessly effort. Rule 14 Hatch, and McConnell are chickenshits, Debate in public, Do your job publicly
Why do most democrat women not look like women or are faking there another race ? Are democrats in a fight with Mother Nature?
No, the Republicans are! Jo a
I don't think so .republican women are normally very feminine and republican men are normally very http://manly.like  god intended.
Well if you agree with it ,it has to be bad for America
Kinda like when Nancy Pelosi said "we have to pass the bill before you can read it". Such HYPOCRITES. Does it ever stop with these people?
We just want healthcare that is not going deeper  into debt each day that it exists. Can you fix that?
Double ticket 2020?
@VP THIS is why you can't claim @TheDemocrats are the problem. THIS. THIS. And THIS!!!
Sounds like the ACA. Pass it and then we'll read it.
But this is just the way Trump has always behaved in business . Behind closed doors away from anyone who could object .US democracy has died
Dems are too busy with Russia lies and now you complain that you don't know what is going on?  that is bc you haven't been doing you jobs.
How do the liberals like it for a change they can't just go bulldoze there policy's anymore, she needs to read the plan,  all info is there.
Consider adding Risk Corridors back in
This health care vote should be put on hold especially if memebers of the GOP have colluded with Russia.
Wow Just Wow What a great speech Passionate to the point and factual
I am so turned off by thr all knowing females that just love to prove how much smarter they are them others! Look how Bengarzi, uranium !
@MyGlitterCat She won't be silenced
I hear what she's saying, and I'm glad to hear a democrat admit downfall finally. No one is perfect, I think both sided should work together
Having a senior moment, @Senorrinhatch ? I don't think so. I believe you're trying to pull a fast one on your colleagues and constituents.
You have to pass it so you know what's in it. (Famous last words ...). 
McCaskill knocked on my door yrs ago when running in Missouri. The only thing she seems to be doing is EATING GOOD
Yeah!  Keep going!  You are my heroes!!
Dodd Frank removal legislation up for vote gives president blanket authority to terminate any federal employee.
It's criminal. Thank you 4 saying what you did Sen. McCaskill for whatever good it likely won't do. Horrible, miserly, partisan. Ppl, VOTE!
Hear, hear Unfortunately, the plutocratic neo-fascist swine are determined to make all but the aristocracy a nation of oppressed peasants.
Nor i
You go girl
Wow
They don't care that they could kill millions with this disastrous health bill!!!!
Amen!
I love her!!!
Seems like Hatch doesn't have a clue.  Maybe it's time for him to RETIRE!!!
I too, am stunned
More noise from the peanut gallery. Obamacare is Dead
Is it against our constitutional rights to prevent public discourse regarding a policy that impacts the citizens of the USA??
wow well said for sure. This is crazy
We No Longer Have A Democracy with Crooked GOP secretly concocting worthless healthcare bill.
@ananavarro this should concern everyone
Orin Hatch is third in line to the presidency.  He's like 500 years old.
Doubt it.
Who was that man she addressed that seemed so confused and didn't even know what she was talking about. No wonder we're in such a MESS!
I hope pocahontas is the first one to go when Republicans drain the the swamp.  The DNC is an obstruction to progress in America.
Railroaded. We're on the crazy train that is government by citizens United. It's over. You won't recognize this country in a year.
I thought I'd never seen anything more disgusting than 8 yrs of GOP publicly obstructing. The GOP just kicked it to a new low. Democracy RIP
So well put!
They dont even know McConell is pulling a fast one
Common sense doesn't work out so well in a dictatorship.
