Please see this before it's too late, before you vote yes
Last copay for my wheelchair was $888 under obamacare. Up from  $250 before obamacare. Tell me again how you care about me. I love your lies
well ed - i don't know u - but i do care - ACA must be fixed - not scrapped so people in need - like u - can be helped not hurt
It has to be SCRAPPED to help me. If you CARE, Put your idiocy with trump aside and use your brain. 888 is more than 3x 250!! ACA hurts!
I agree Edward! It is not affordable for the working class to have to pay for the ones who get it for free. Needs to be repealed!
Please have the affordable health care plan affordable so people that need health care can buy it with out going without eating.
This kid did not write this letter. Maybe he copied it down, but these ate not the words of a kid. And also, can we please not let 10 year..
Old kids run our government? Kids cannot comprehend how the world works. He just wants his mom to feel better. Quit using these poor kids...
Too bad but it's not affordable. We need to Repeal Obamacare and replace it with something we all can afford.
He "politicizes the boy scouts" but somehow your version is OK?
That you can't see a difference between a rally to feed Trump's ego, and a plea to save a mother's life says all you need to know about GOP
Oh gotcha. So using children for politics is OK if you AGREE with the politics involved. Glad we solved that one.
so a kid with a dying mom has to stay silent.  got it nicolas.  and which state do you live in again?
Wonder where Daddy is?
Did you watch the whole video? No. You might get educated. Dad's in the video.
People out here with five $10,000 deductible when they had only a 500 to 1500 deductible kiss-off miss Warren
He's 10 and writes above 45's comprehension. GOP simply doesn't care. @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander
Alexander lost cause, no integrity. Corker is more reasonable. PEACH TRUMP PENCE.
They don't care. Not one bit. Stop assuming they do and concentrate on removing them already. #NoMoralCompass #GreedOverHumanity
Do you really think this little boy came up with those words? Can you not tell that a director told him what to say and how to read the line
couldn't handle when I questioned what state he was from cause his @GovAbbott cut Obamacare funds and no medicaid but blamed Dems
Just jot his name down and check back with him if Trumpcare passes. Sometimes ppl can't see the truth until it slaps them in the face.
I will laugh when he can't get healthcare bc trumpcare won't let him
And what are you personally doing for this kid? The fact that you will laugh proves yall really don't give a shit about this kid
Hello Bot, there is an error in your programming.

Really? You people are pathetic!
It was another young man who fought for health care because he didn't want anyone else's mom to go through what his did. Thanks, Obama
My mom lost ability to work & died due to unaffordable health care. Don't impoverish & orphan any more kids. Voters will never forget.
My godmother died in 2004 from Leukemia because of bad healthcare
But @GOP believes no one does from lack of healthcare.
Correction: no one WHO MATTERS dies from lack of healthcare. See, if she had bothered to become wealthy, she'd have survived #itstheGOPway
Nowwwww I understand, got it!
Right like Ben Carson said poverty is a state of mind or @KellyannePolls who said just get a job with healthcare.  Who knew it was so easy
Exactly. All we have to do is worship money, then we have no problems! It's OUR fault for valuing the WRONG things, like people, or life.
Caveat: Post-fetal life. If it's an embryo or fetus, it's okay to value it.
I do NOT want my Medicaid taken away!  I am Bipolar, and the meds are very expensive!!!  :(  @katiecouric @LisaWBZ @EmilyWCVB
Your beloved Ocare is failing the American people. It has caused rates to skyrocket and has diminished accessibility. Why keep a failure?
Rates still going up slower than before Obamacare. It's only failing in republican states bc they won't fund exchanges. Wake up
Free market
Wow, hate yourself that much or masochist? Ins cos would raise rates thru roof w/out covering anything. Saw it daily as health ins regulator
Stop the rhetoric MSM news cannot continue to cover your ass it's getting too big
If it is so good miss Warren why did you exempt yourself from it why did all Congress and Senate exempt themselves it's a piece of s***
sadly republicans don't care. They've never cared about us normal citizens
Wrong! It's the democrats who don't care. Their words say they do but their actions show you they dont
I love seeing you demagogue's using children.  Ask this kid how he feels about the 6.5 million Americans without healthcare and paying a
Penalty thanks to obama and you evil fear mongering democrats.  What's worse?  Not putting more people on Medicaid which we can't afford
Or arbitrarily penalizing poor people that can't afford the insane insurance prices you created.
People once again its the health market part not the whole thing will people stop saying that there's many parts of Obama care
That is doing well
It's too bad that you use this type of emotional ploy to lie again. Do you have any idea how bad the ACA is. The name itself is a lie.
And the rubes continue to believe the LIES coming from fox news
See you have a neighbor that borrows $20 from you. The next week same thing. Every week until you die. Democrats
Maybe Huckabee should read THIS REAL LITTLE BOY's note to the press corps.
THIS is what EVERYONE needs to see! The GOP doesn't give a DAMN about you, only their bank accounts! It's DISGRACEFUL!!!!!
Do you have a chart for the #Democrats who pushed #ACA or helped kill a bill aimed at making prescription drugs more affordable?
corey booker voted against a bill to reduce pharma costs...
And three of my friends died because they couldn't get the medication they need it because they two were disabled! Bite me
The unmitigated needless suffering will impact all:  everyone who is woundable will be struck & pay for what if this WH+Senate repeals ACA
No. It'll go back to How it was b4
@SenWarren you're our first female president. Please please run in 2020. I'll drop everything and come work for you
Wow really, lol
Guy, go along with it it'll be a huge favor to us. I hope she runs and Maxine Waters is her VP Choice. Dems would get destroyed!
Yeah that does make sense, thanks for the help!
No thank , you may trash your ludicrous proposal 
We can think for ourselves on healthcare
Your  the reason we have this mess up with Obamacare you didn't do your job stop blaming others
LOL, you ever ask yourself what you're doing wrong?
Are you insane?
Wouldn't it be cool if SHS read this young man's letter?
How low can one go using a letter from a 10 yo boy who knows nothing about healthcare just regurgitating his parents! That is really low!
That is not true. You elizabeth Warren are a liar. Shame on you.
He should send his letter to Baron Trump instead.
We love you and need your awesome candor Sen. Warren!!
They have long pasted the point of return. The ĢOP will not stop at killing thè helpless. Please keep up the good fight. Thank yoù
id parents are low income he gets free medicaid.If parents are middle class they get screwed with high premiums
@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump It doesn't praise Fake45 as a "great leader", or show gratitude for being allowed to die for wealthy, so nah.
Get a great plan Pocahontas. Work together.
You are way out of touch Pocahontas. How bout my healthcare that has tripled in price in the last 7 years.
We're not getting rid of medicade were trying to stop the Obama care before it implodes and really leaves theses people without healthcare.
I feel for him and everyone that is going through  the same thing. We need help the American health care not ignore it.
They don't care! They're pathetic!
What a brave young man, I can only hope that they listen
@GOP is #GreedOverPeople best we can hope for is to #VoteThemOut and #RemoveGOPignorance as soon as their terms end #Resist
Republicans do not care about you, forget begging. VOTE!  Likely your mother did not and her friends 80% likely they did not either, VOTE
Senator Warren, POTUS and this GOP basically don't care about the people. It's all about their distructive agenda. #worstGOPever
@VP Pence broke Vote, Shame on Pence and @GOP Vote of ????? The legislation doesn't even know what was voted for Today! #GOPBlindVoteAgain
Senator Warren, Id love to see you run for President!
Start sending it to their donors. ... You aren't gonna appeal to their hearts afterall.
Why the poorest could not have health insurance too expensive medical care
U r a sad wicked woman miss Warren how pathetic of a life u claim to live using ppl for ur huge power grab so sad shaken old lady syndrome
John Q
Gov't involved in healthcare has only made it worse. ACA already did and idiots such as Senator Warren are too thick to get it.
#SinglePayer #MoreHumanismLessTheism

People hate to hear it, but why is it the govt or employers job to get a person health care? Take responsibility for yourself!
Elizabeth, they don't care - they are heartless morons led by a man who hates anything Obama stood for, so he's tearing it down. Ugly man!
And this is why we are proud to be Canadian 
How can you even go there.  I just paid a $7,000 ER bill to the hospital for my daughter to have 5 stitches in her head.
you think a malignant narcissist like Trump gives a shit about these people....a waste of time with a man as evil as him
Sorry, Senator Warren, the Republicans just don't care.
That's a great idea, but are you going to teach him how to read?
Remember 2009? 100% D, ZERO GOP! Let the crying begin!

We have those Democrats now......... It's KARMA TIME
I  see expulsion in Fauxcontas's future...
That's me and my kiddo.,
#GOP & #45 don't care about lives, unless they're wealthy or can be tricked into voting for them (so they can keep their awesome healthcare)
I miss you & @HillaryClinton - I thank you & hope you are both doing well.
I trust them.
I never voted straight democrat in life, but will be in 2018/2020. Hope you are running for president 2020
I am convinced the Republicans do not care. Americans see what is going on. We are checking our states to see how our senators voted. 1/1
TO LATE. THEY HAVE HEARTS OF STONE.
Very #poetic #healthcare #healthcarematters
Trump is just messing up everything. He needs to be impeached asap . #Impeachtrump .
Pointless now because the GOP appears to be getting their way... Since Trump took office this government is a joke & not a funny one
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/480446001/ …
They don't care!
@JerryMoran #MoranOut @PatRoberts #RobertsOut #Kansas #healthcare #HealthCareVote #ACARepealDebate
What's sad is they will call of these letters "fake news"
These are Republicans. Maybe a few Collins, Heller, etc care. Most GOP even with a story, could't give a F. They have congress health insur
All of u should be ashamed using children makes me sick
Trump is unfit  bully.resist.
This is why I so admire you, Senator! #fullofheart
@wpgchrish Chris, tell Liam that he should depend on charity instead.
No idea who that is. Don't care about any of the other people you've tagged in this conversation. I'm out.
Dear @GOP : Have you become SO compromised by a few very wealthy donors that you are willing to endanger the lives of everyone else?
Dear @SenateGOP : Have you become SO compromised by a few very wealthy donors that you are willing to endanger most of your constituents?
Sadly they don't care @elizabethforma and that is terrifying
Typical lib smear tactics
Who told this kid to lie. He got bad information
Using Children 4 Political Persuasion n Matters they Can't POSSIBLY Understand n Any Depth, is N0 Less than Terrorist recruiting "em 4 WaR.
@senwarren what a misleading tweet medicaid is not going away this woman will remain on Medicaid!
Most Americans have family members who would lose healthcare if this bill passes.  Medications cost thousands monthly.
Senator whY are the GOP SO MEAN AND HATEFUL
They....do....not.....CARE
Instead of repeal, Obama care needs to be FIXED, millions are still without insurance
...what no puppies??
@SenToomey as your constituent I ask u to listen to this 10yo. Dont make it more difficult to get access to HC. Work with Ds to fix ACA.
And what about the people who currently can't afford ANY insurance?
LOL @ @realDonaldTrump reading
To be honest, most of them need to have it read to them!
DC, just found out I'm legally deaf today. Have no insurance. God help us peons!
The state will take over, if she can't afford healthcare.
They don't give a DAMN about this 10yr old or his mom, OK?
Though in their fixation on ideology & personal greed, they seem to have no ear for pleas for compassion.
DId you write his speech?
Where did you find him for your properganda commercial.
Jesus, they DON'T CARE. They are honorable only to their own base and even in that only the rich ones. They are royalists. They're scum.
I served my country for almost 30 years to afford healthcare, join the service or seek a job that pays, USG is not an insurance company.
Sad but the REPUBLICAN'S don't care.. You're going to have to wait until his base becomes his victims.. Another month or so... 
Sadly the GOP incl my congressman @reperikpaulsen couldn't care less about moms or their children or dads or vets or elderly. #mn03
I hope @SenJohnMcCain lives a long, agonizing life so he has a chance to maximize benefits of HIS Healthcare.
They. Don't. Care.
Shut it Pocahontas...your 15 minutes are up
Too bad all the 10 yr old kids from the Middle Class families that lost their healthcare insurance due to the ACA weren't able to speak!
How does anyone expect such a huge bill to be perfect out of the gate? Tweak it. Fix it. All these years and gop zilch.
Throwing the baby out with the water. Fix it! Not dump it.
I love using children as political props!
Is this the Kimmel late show?
Why would anyone believe someone who lies about her heritage to benefit herself financially!
My wife die of pancreatic cancer and she couldn't get the help she needed, where is the help?
What a hypocrite
Ya get it, they don't care? Set a straightforward platform we can vote for, then we kick em out.
This is cheap-shot crap, Senator.  Shame on you.
As you said, Senator, the bill @realDonaldTrump and @SenateGOP are trying to pass is blood money. They’re doing this to spite @BarackObama.
That’s part of why @SenateMajLdr threatened to politicize whatever action @BarackObama took against Russia for hacking the election, Ma’am.
Don't forget the video of Republicans pushing an old lady in a wheelchair off a cliff.
They need to but they don't care. Repeal is partisan & about Obama & not the citizens. I hope people are wise in 2018 & vote most OUT.
It's too late!  I'm just so sad.  Pence is not for Americans anymore than Trump.
He is taking your job
But they won't Senator... they don't even read the bills anymore. What's happening to our country.. the land I love..?
Just total bullsh**
This is complete fauxbullsh**
left wing Elizabeth Warren  propaganda
Apparently they don't care!!
When you run out of decent arguments to make, #UseTheChildren. You people make me want to barf.
And you need to come to grips with the fact that you're out of touch with America. You're Hillary without the public body count and scandals

I do not believe these stories sway legislators. What does? Losing their jobs. That's what we must work towards. Sad, but true.
My son Anthony is also 10 & his chronically ill mom has benefited greatly from the ACA. Losing it would be tragic for us.
Sitting squaw and panderer
#ElizabethWarrenForPresident
@keithellison @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP Hocks are top level power pushing to kill healthcare. Why won't Dem's expose this??
Hysterical.
@keithellison @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP Love to see one Dem expose what's really going on. Expose Kock's as leaders of rep's.
I don't think they read it, Senator.
millions of pleas +human interactions havent changed them, 0 will. mccain used my tax$ to remove cancer to come back and steal HC from US
Please, Stop this idiocy, it is time to stop talking to Trump and GOP as if they care about ppl
Trump doesn't care about that child! He used his 11 yr old son 2 hide behind today. Nothing will tug at his heart because he doesn't have 1
Trump doesn't care Senator You will have to do the caring for him. and Stop them
LIzzy. how about read some letters from children who's parents cant afford the premiums due to bama lie. You stoop lower daily
Thank you, Senator Warren. We could all learn a thing or two from Liam.
Trump probably never read it! Sad @realDonaldTrump. Doesn't know how to read or care about ACA!!
What drama coach did you hire for this staged tear jerker?
they cldn't care less. We've got a man w deadly brain tumor trying 2 kill pple in his same position! These pple r SICK
My heart goes out to him this is truly very sad
Just so Trump can give his rich friends a tax break well I don't agree with this, Health is more important then money.
Stand up AGAINST BIG PHARMA THEN! Until you and every other person in Congress does so you are ALL a bunch of useless FRAUDS.
How bout showcasing the family who's losing everything due to their high cost of healthcare...something they didn't have before Obamacare.
This is sad but you know where in the real world I cannot get my morphine I don't see why I have to suffer
I had emergency open heart surgery last year and thx to Obama I had the ACA. Without it now I will die. Thank you for fighting for us!
DT is not a compassionate person.
É desumano isso.
So Trump expolits children  and Dems do also
When are people going to "get it" that Trump and the GOP simply DO NOT CARE if people have health insurance or whether they die?  Clear now?
The GOP members have no souls and are heartless. I feel that they have sold this country out for the dollar bill and Russia 
I know some one who worked all their life fell off a house and because of Obamacare lost everything he worked for because he wasn't a mooch.
The heart is not for thinking Liz.
They won't. They don't care
Problem is Heartless Cowardly Republicans think this is Funny

The sad fact is that GOP cares about American people as much as the Empire cares about the people of Alderaan. #trump is #palpatine
No ones getting rid of their healthcare for anyone. What about the working class? Is 500.00 ACA ins. Bills part of Dems "better deal"? #maga
.@GOP doesn't care.
Already done. They do not I repeat do not care for any human being who is in need of something.
They could care less if a mom dies.
Yes. Life --esp unborn babies -- are so precious to GOP. Then you better hope you're born to a rich family if you get sick.@GOPHypocrisy
I have health care now and due to my medical hustory, I fear I will not get coverage due to preexisting conditions
Unfortunately they have demonstrated today that Koch money is more valuable than American lives.
John McCain has had Government Health Care Since the Day He Was Born.!  So he Votes to strip it from Millions of Americans.?  Some Hero..
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz #SaveACA
Sorry... they don't read... they don't care... none of them...
They did. They didn't care
Liz you should be on Obama care- hypocrite
Are these people aware that you were there Nancy Polosi & other Dems passed Obamacare and it bombed
What about me? Self employed and no ACA discount. $1500/mo through ACA but still $1000/mo direct. Mortgage is less. Affordable? No. Repeal!
Your 1 sick individual using children with your bullshit. 1. No 10 year old is going to use verbage A.C.A for starters and for 2. why dont U
To late they are for the wealthy rich and no one else.
Based on what FACTS?!  Scare tactics again
