How about you attack the problems of Massachusetts with the same vigor that you attack our president?
will u use every tool at ur disposal including withholding consent & filibuster by amendment?
Obamacare is on its last leg. More people across the country are losing their choice for insurance.#obamacare is on life support
Yes How transparent is that Sessions?
Hey Fake Squaw lady Warren why do you tell so many lies of fear ... is this to feed your snowflake followers and keep them brainwashed????
Vote-a-rama
Maybe you should be thinking about the many people who were shot today give it a rest on all the other BS for just a day
This Rep plan is not secret. Another demwit lie! And we don't need demwit votes to pass it. Shooting of the House Rep Whip has unified Reps!
Hey Hypocrite & Liar. There is no secret GOP plan about replacing the failed #ACA - Republicans have been talking about it for months.
Repulsive repubs are the most ignorant voters in the country.
Speaking of women....
Why do you pay them so much less? #fakeIndian
I did not know she claimed to be from India

Matty Matty Matty. How very ignorant you are. Read a effing book
Get you head out of the sand. I have a number of friends planning or engaged in bankruptcy as a result of Obama Care! What say you to that?
Do you plan on apologizing for the shooting today?
Trump has done more 2 divide the US in 4 months than anyone in recent memory. I blame him for the shooting today
The Democratic party are angels and did nothing wrong can't understand why somebody from their party would act like that they're so friendly
Take your fake "Indian" self and make amends for ACA. You and your "Obstructionist Dems" are costing the working class BILLIONS!
Hopefully your rich cause u will soon see the light if ur not ...The Trump clown car is going down..runnong in a ditch
We spoke out against Obamacare.Where were you then?Do you only care about your side of the Isle?Millions Lost Healthcare & you said NOTHING!
how about Anthem BC BS refusing to fund my bone marrow transplant under obama care. Under obama and subsidy still left to die
@maddow seems like you could have Warren speaking about the GOP plan to sneak the #AHCA through.
These states are most vulnerable.  Call them (for disabled friends who cant) have a street and zip ready if they ask. Public pressure works!
 Help call these State staffers and demand a no vote on #AHCA tens of thousands will die if GOP is allowed to pass it
Thousands

I have worked in health care for 30 yearsLet's defund planned parenthood and give the money to support Medicaid
Which wo-men are speaking out? Not all women suffer from hysteria.
I hope you planning amendments!!!!!!
Please save our healthcare
I just called the @marcorubio office. They told me that it was bipartisan and that you were involved in writing it. That confused me.
SECRET PLANS THAT COMPARE HIM TO HIS HITLER GERBELS PACT!
let's take to the street dems. republicans . independence...it doesn't matter WE THE PEOPLE HAVE THE POWER
It's not a secret. Why would you keep ObamaCare the way it is? Millions left it this year. It is not working.
Not really a secret when you are tweeting it.
How do you know about a secret GOP plan? I guess it's not a secret eh'.

AHCA is dead.. now go away.
Good riddance
Finally....fighting the easy fight isn't courage...but at least your fighting something
Russia, Russia, Russia, Resist, Resist, Resist! Dems have become party of the Left wing ANTIFA Anarchists. JFK would be GOP if alive1
@ChrisVanHollen @SenateDems go knock down the door to open it up to the people they represent
You do realize that Obamacrap is in a death spiral as predicted by intelligent people?
They aren't doing it secretly you idiots only want to scream Russia they are doing their jobs you might want to try it
TY for tweeting this. Watched it, shared it.
Haha!
Republicans take 6% of your leaders off medical insurance & see how safe their families feel if they got sick.
Democrats did it and it was ok. Now you're crying?  Hypocrites
ACA is doing fine repelling itself thanks
Secret  @NancyPelosi saying we'll have 2 pass it to see what's in it #Obamacare

@SenWarren is example of @Harvard professor

#NotIvyLeague
Lizzy, if you KNOW about it, Then it's NOT a SECRET! You are so damm stupid!
Elizabeth warren, Donald trump, people like , my coward mother, or, lacking grace, fans trump, might do all , and USA, favor, and
How cames you remove the already existing Healthcare and replace with Yours as Mr.president. @realDonaldTrump should not fool us
Pocahontas, I thought we heard the last from you. It's not the same without your squawking.
By the END of the MONTH? My God we MUST remove the republicant reps of cruelty from ALL those offices. I said they would do this!
Oh my gosh, it's so secret. Gimme a break.
Will you run for President? Or be Michelle Obama's VP? Seriously. We need you.
Love you, GOP! God bless you and the work you're doing. #maga
Pls Rt-make a bigger impact & Share Real life stories of people the #AHCA will harm
It was going to fail anyway. ACA already jacked up premiums for us to suffer with & others will not get their handouts. Same boat for all.
I bet it sounds like a bunch of chickens cackling.
Saw it on the news and you know about it. If it was really secret Ms. Clinton would have it on her server...
No
Secret? You,Maxine and McCain need 2 take a vacation-preferably 2 one of the Muslim Countries you don't want #TemporaryBan on. #JustDoIt
Too chicken to do it in the light.
Dear Liz: Are you leaking secrets? It sounds like you are....
Wonderful! 
You pretty much wrote a book on twitter today do you ever do your job
Repeal Pocahontas Warren
Oh man...I saw hundreds of women already dead in the streets today because the GOP took their healthcare away! 
Please continue this fight! Thank you
ACA / OBAMACARE.... the largest FRAUD perpetrated on the American People! Courtesy of @SenWarren  @SenateDems  @BarackObama
Why didn't they speak up about Dems passing a bill before folks could see what's in it?
it seems EW doesn't know what's in the bill so why r u saying it's bad for ppl???
I challenge anyone to devise a healhcare plan that is all things to all people and they can have it for a reasonable cost...Not Possible.
The longer they wait the more money is flushed down the toilet, and could be better spent on a new plan.
This is going to be just as effective as the Republicans were when you Democrats rammed ACA through playing by the same rules
Women with powerful voices.  Hear us roar!
There is no secret. It was a campaign promise!
that's the only group you represent. People of Mass take notice. This person represents Women Democrats and only a portion of those at that
Senate Dems what a joke!
I couldn't believe @SenKamalaHarris was hushed again 2day! What year is this? 2017?
What secret?ACA is a disaster,of course GOP and smart Dems want to repeal.Where have you been, hiding in your TEE-PEE
U R A  wealthy on poor peoples expense. Share your wealth vieja loca 
I guess it's not a very good secret...
When the GOP agenda is to run a secret banana republic with the president, the Senate and House Democrats must halt business on the floor.
Eat me
It's no secret! This is what we elected them to do. Remember the election in November? This is what we want. It's why u lost.
No secret it's failing if not repealed it will fall apart.
It isn't a secret,never has been
Get rid of this giant wealth transfer scam!! Oh wait. That's all dems know how to do. Buy votes from dolts that can't think for themselves
I can't wait to vote you out. Start working for the American people all people stop with the games please DO YOUR JOB
Hey Liz! What insurance do you people have? This is only a political stunt. U don't really care #2018. #libswakeup
PLEASE continue to speak out. This is not gettting enough coverage. Convinced most ppl don't know this is happening
Hey, I thought Pelosi said we had to pass it before we could find out what is in it.  Is that why you are so outraged???  once a liar always
you mean the secret plan that Trump has been talking about since his campaign? Stop stirring up drama
The first AHCA bill was so callous about women's issues, I imagine the new secret bill will be more vicious. Having K St approve it not good
More Pocahontas lies! Dems
#Obstructionists 
#LiberalismIsTerrorism 
Quit complaining & do something for your base or quit tweeting your bs!
Apparently it's no secret. What is your major malfunction?
Don't give up fight to the end ty
It's not secret according to @SenPatRoberts staff.  They said it's business as usual and Dems are fully involved.  In a phone call.  TODAY!!
What good is it to ask liars questions? Even under oath.. liars lie... #SessionsHearing
SERIOUS HEALTHCARE WATCH & RT call your representatives today!  202-224-3121, 5calls app or resistbot text RESIST sends letters to reps.
Why can't the women of the Dems and GOP work together?
because #GOP women are told to know their place, be good girls and fall in line--consistently vote against their own interests
LAUGHABLE.... how about GOP women don't claim to be VICTIMS are STRONG Vote for ALL AMERICANS! And aren't #NASTY man haters
There has to be SOME moderate Republicans you can talk to that will save our healthcare. Please promise you will reach across. Try burr or..
For 30 million people we need leaks.   The will screw the country in secret and line their pockets..
If its so secret what ru gonna talk about?
Got to be better than ACA
#AHCA will harm families like mine-pls share Real stories
SERIOUS HEALTHCARE WATCH & RT call your representatives today!  202-224-3121, 5calls app or resistbot text RESIST sends letters to reps.

What can we do to help????!!!! (You're my senator, so I don't need to contact you!) 
SERIOUS HEALTHCARE WATCH & RT call your representatives today!  202-224-3121, 5calls app or resistbot text RESIST sends letters to reps.
What are they saying about the hundreds of counties without coverage under your failed law?
No it's your fake resist party that is speaking out real women are for the GOP not the little snowflakes get it right fake Indian
charming...can you argue on an actual intellectual point or just name call? you sound like a 5th grader--PS i am 100% real woman
Please please please, do not give up this fight. The lives of the most vulnerable members of our country depend on access to healthcare.
Mam the collective sane and valuable americans, outside, of the throes of trumps Nazi, bullshit spell and influence, need to erase him world
Watching it and sharing on FB. Thank-you all!


GOOD GOD, NO ONE CAN AFFORD IT ANYWAYS.  LET IT GO

honest question--how did he preform surgery with closed eyes?
Too Bad you don't like a TRUE AMERICAN SUCCESS STORY of an underprivileged BLACK MAN! your party Mocks anyone (podesta emails) HYPOCRITES
Supporting the attempt?
Congress gets almost free insurance while The People suffer.
Thank your service and dedication to working America.
Participate - don't RESIST
@MariaBartiromo @Scavino45 Look U didn't do damn thing 4-8yrs n praised ACA while ppl/vets die n Fam destroyed~ GOYA
Let leave #Russia alone and worrie about this #ClownTrumpCare Now @SenSchumer @JoyAnnReid @maddow @clairecmc @funder @ChrisCuomo @ananavarro
Well Bernie Sanders says you all are an "absolute failure" so maybe it's time to prove him wrong
This is a fabricated narrative by a leftist extremist.

Lizy what do you care? Dems will be a faint memory soon.
Fight back please
What is your plan to pay for increases?
Where's the secret???
I now refer to Trumpcare as the Deathbill.
Happy to have you as my Senator! Keep up the good work!
John u brain dead ?
Be prepared for interruptions and attempts to shut u down! #AndYetShePersisted
Why does this need to be behind the Facebook wall?
you're a one term senator, nasty woman
Thanks for your absolute diligence!
BS only because u have done NOTHING 3 work w/POTUS it's ur fault
Oh that's where Murphy is.
Doh...Pocahontas made a funny.
Drink the KoolAid much?
Doh...@gloriacci attempted to make a funny.
Sure did.
They MUST be stopped!!!
Why just Dems? Why just women? Where are the men and the @GOP? This #healthcare plan affects everyone, and it’s a disaster. #malpractice
#malfeasance really...intention to do harm
No secret President Trump promised replacing failed Obamacare A plan rushed through by democrats a healthcare  nightmare fixed by President
what happened to the collusion ? Sessions hearing ? Nothing Pocahontas 
the women of the USA should go on strike,an shut down the whole country until the old men back off women healthcare stop what they r doing
Nobody wants to hear about yalls end of the month cycle.
Lol the FAILED ONE that has LEFT EVERYONE WITH NO HEALTHCARE POCAHONTAS?!!! SMART! IDIOT!!!
I'm still scared
No consent!
Would the Dems please put out their plan?? It's clear the GOP plan is a disaster but where's the counter-plan?
Pelosi and Schumer already released it.. Check web
Googled it. Nothing. Do u have link?
Call ur R Senators! I did!
WITHHOLD CONSENT.

How do you know about it if it's a secret?
Bye bye
Let the ACA die under it's own weight, replace it with nothing, blame the Dems, & go back to when people had to earn their healthcare.
I hope they get it done
Evil, Lie! Unable to speak or say truth, not in their reality! Lie their mantra!!
chunga ghunga chunga chunga chunga chunga ...  woo woo wooo
Real smart answer you mysogonist!
thank you Julie!
i try my best.
but don't tell anybody Pocahontas
"Secret"
There is no secret. It's gonna happen regardless of the Obstructionists!
Lol, it's not a secret... It's what we've all been praying for.
Thank you!  Also sneak in their horrid sexism which is clear in televised proceedings, as with interrupting/chiding female senators.
WHAT?!?!?!...OMG...you have cancer! 

However, there is a cure #RedPill ...its ok, open your eyes...its all ok...
so the Kremlin, I mean republicans just do whatever they want even if it goes against what the people want and need, 2018.
