Give ‘um hell @SenWarren!
Bannon & Trump are demons!!!!
don't need to. Any sane person would know that so I already know your problem.
See I don't care about them either. The types of people you pay attention to are becoming a trend.
YESSS!!  We need more of you!!! Dems need to fight this craziness!!!
You may fight, but you will lose. Elections have consequences. Get used to it.
Yeah like another Stalin.
will there be screeching?
@SenWarren
there will b no reasoning just arm flailing head bobbing and pure emotion bc that is all she has
Have you paid no attention to @SenWarren's record?
Namecalling is all you can resort to?
One of few genuine there
as genuine as Barry Soetoro

@KjellWilliams @FbdtspEa @SenWarren
makes ur skin crawl 
Is that a fake Indian chant?
political opposition for his cabinet picks and boycotting committees is very childish. Let's move on already. Hillary lost!!!!
has nothing to do with who lost election. Nominees not qualified for these imp roles
must be if they are getting confirmed. We only know what they tell us
we all know that DeVos got confirmed due to donations she made to 22 of the 50'senators that voted for her
she was the only nomination I wasn't thrilled about
glad we agree on something.
me too
YOU would have opposed ANY candidate nominated by the Republicans. Why should we watch? #Obstructionist
why don't you head on out the door
We know why you oppose him. You oppose the Constitution of this Country. You don't want a judge, you want an activist.
Spicer saying dems are childish. NO. Stand strong. We don't want a buffoon for a president.
YOu are really screwed up...big time.
Gorsuch will get appointed THANK GOD and paying for murder of babies will stop soon from tax dollars Thank God for Donald Trump
please don't let him in. Ppl like him don't care about ppls rights.
because he makes decisions based on the law and not his failed political ideology?
If he wasn't biased far right they would not have wanted him bad enough to steal seat from Garland who is center
there was no seat "stolen". Lame duck presidents haven't appointed a SCJ in 80 yrs. It's a tacit understanding
One example of a Supreme Court justice being confirmed to the court in an election year happened in 1988. FACT
name?
GOP Reagan's pick Anthony Kennedy 1988, &Democrats voted even while holding majority in the chamber! #Garland4SCOTUS
wrong. He was nominated in 87 after Dems sabatoged 2 previous nominations. Nothing like replacing Scalia scenario
No need for me to keep supplying you with REAL FACTS, you just can't admit YOU were WRONG with 80 yr. GOP propaganda
You are a true communist and you have no intent to honor your oath of office.  May God strike you dead and laugh at your carcass.
You oppose him because he is smarter and better looking than yourself.
.@SenWarren Trump could've nominated Mother Teresa & you'd still oppose. You salivate at the idea of contradicting Trump's every move.
No Alana. Trump was a shitty candidate and he is a shitty PUTUS. He's getting the opposition he deserves.
You're a loser, and Native Americans despise you.
I am 1 of your constituents NO VOTE UNTIL WE SEE TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS & removal of Bannon from NSC!!! I'm screaming here! NO VOTE!
you don't even know you oppose the judge it's your resentment against Trump jealousy get you nowhere  ashamed of your party loses
Thank You & I am sure a lot of USA citizens agree with you.
Oppose all you want.  YOU will not STOP his nomination. How is the DNA test going??
give 'me hell!!!
she can give you hell. She's putting us through hell.
good one 
Continue to speak out against the greed of Wall Street! We won't be silenced!
thank you for everything Senator Elizabeth Warren. Keep fighting the good fight
She can continue to fight, and she will continue to lose. #MAGA
Democrats are finally listening to their base 5060 phone calls a day they get in there officers from their voters
50 or 60
head home you are not helping american citizens
Thank you Elizabeth Warren! You are a hero!
A hero,  a liar, and a blond haired, blue eyed, Indian?
Oppose resist get your fellow senators to also! Dems  need to come together now! #resist
Resist what? All the WINNING! Good luck with that. #MAGA
Winning at what exactly???
.@SenWarren go. Get ‘me, ma’am! We’re behind you!!!!
I think i smell something behind her, don't you?
He is going to get nominated so get used to it loser!
This Coward Do Nothing For The PPL,  hopefully was enough to end the  GOP and be voted out of their seats next voting. Pathetic
Liz go home for the day. It's over
where is her home? She's not from MA. She's a carpetbagger from OK. Wish they'd take her back
im with you Brian.  I don't think MA will take her back
What happens to opposing Sessions? The Dem's are not organized and ineffective. Do you guys REALIZE we are losing our Democracy?
Be outraged and get organized and TAKE ACTION TO STOP THIS
She's no Pocahontas. Warren is a fake Indian, and she should be ashamed of herself, but the left has no shame.
is 1/32 native American (I think).
Nothing fake there.
Is that all you've got against her?
Weak.
No proof of that whatsoever. And no that isn't all.
That's all you wrote, that she's a fake indian because you haven't seen proof...
What else have you got?
@jessika252525
#BlockGorsuch you must obstruct. Force them to get rid of the filibuster. They don't want to!
Boy Natalie, you really don't have a clue on how this works do you? Are you a poor snowflake?
thank you for your hard work.
Tweeting lies all day can be hard work.
I appreciate your candor and honesty
What honesty mom? Ever hear of Pocahantis? Liz is a liar.
GOP LIED! Example of a Supreme Court justice being confirmed to the court in an election year happened in 1988. FACT!
please filibuster
thank God for twitter, you'll wake up in the morning and ask your assistant who makes 50-100K a year do they like you? We don't
why? Good old Chuck voted for him already. Did Nancy too?
Life is sweeter knowing you and Bernie are on our side.Thank you for all you do!
Hey Pokey,
The more U pontificate  the more we remember Y Trump became POTUS.
Please, all that yammering gives us all a headache
you oppose it bc trump nominated him. If a democrat nominated him you wouldn't say shit. Such a hypocrite
Encourage Dems to support programs to help unwed mothers and publicize that more than pro-choice. Be the voice of compassion.
do u understand how angry Dems are? Dems expect u to obstruct all the way! Make us proud & do it
you should probably save your strength for who would be nominated next. There could be 3-4 more seats. Depending on health etc.
Garland was not a good choice. He sided with the govt more often then not. And Gorsuch will return the court to what it was.
you are an American hero.
Mitch McConnell vowed to keep the SCOTUS seat open for 4 years if Hillary won.. I suggest we do the same for gump!
Do America a favor and head home instead
because he was Trumps nominee. Why else?
@MaryBal57650553  HOW CAN YOU BE AGAINST A NOMINEE WJEN HE HASN'T SAID A WORD #doyourjob
What we don't need is more of your communist bullspit!  You used fake Indian heritage to get into college! You are a LIAR
you are simply an obstructionist. doesn't matter who was nominated, you are against them because you only care about yourself.
This woman railed against HRC & big money, watch the vids Then cozied up to her during the election She has 0 morality
@cc_yandian
Seriously 
because you're a brain dead witch with zero grasp on reality??? Good luck. You're gonna need it lol
You are senile and need to retire. You are dangerous in your position while filled with so much misplaced hate.
They. Turned. Off. The. Recording. When. He. Called. Putin.

IF OBAMA HAD DONE THIS THE GOP WOULD HAVE HAD HIM TRIED FOR TREASON
enjoy the last years of your anti American hypocrisy. You will not win your next election. You're Fired!
I think you the rest of you  Democracts are nothing  but asholes.  Your party will become extinct like the Whig party.
- How come I am unable to watch this? I only see a black empty screen! Boo Hoo! Tried to find it on C-Span & nix on that. Repost?
would you be happy if they offered you a jug of firewater?
Why is it u r always heading to Senate. Don't U work there. Most people go to work in morning home at night. What's up wid dat

we know why. obstruction politics. you will not be re-elceted pocohontas.

Strength to your sword arm! 
The only way for Gorsuch to prove he's qualified for the job, is to respectfully step aside & recommend Merrick Garland.
Please ask Judge Gorsuch to decline the seat of Judge Garland as Congress did not show the courtesy to vote on Judge Garland.
Do not need another multimillionaire.
so, u oppose him because he has shown he cares about religious liberty, separation of powers & the Constitution? @PhlLegalCenter
Hope that leading the group #ForeverFascism plays into discussion. Hope to hear other reasons as well. And TY #Warren
Obama was decent and offered a moderate. They have been indecent in stealing this seat and offering a right-winger. Nope.
Thank you Senator Warren. It's amazing to know someone has our back!!!
gorsuch has real aryan leanings he needs rea investigation
I hope you got down to J-Kwons "Tipsy" on that floor. You go girl
if you would head to the Senate floor to resign....that would be great.
how bout go earn your money. Stop tweeting
hey there Lying Pocahontas. You and old Felony Clinton doing the wild thing? What a loon u r! U got demon seed Chucky in the mdle
yes Senator Warren, thank you!!
Dem oppose anything the Rep or Pres wants. The whining Dem should put the People before personal agendas. Support People & Pres!
YOU ARE A LIAR! What are you? A career politician? If not what did you do before becoming an obstructionist? I wanna spin it!
You R a horrid PERSON! U NEVER say anything positive! The closest u ever came to the TRUTH was when you referred to U & HRC AS NASTY WOMEN!
no one cares what you gave to say Pocahontas. Remember Chuckie and Joey Biden talking about not filling SC seat during election?
are you kidding me you should admit that you oppose him because he wants to follow the Constitution and not rewrite law.
say after me nuclear option & you can think Harry for that.
a tragedy that this evil socialist who opposes freedom lies and lies while showing disengenuous anger a bad creature
why don't you just stay home , obstructionist witch
@sentoomey @SenBobCasey  senators I am so upset at the crumbling bill of Rights for religious freedom.I  know u r quite busy but?
please retire or climate change will get you
DRAIN THE WASHINGTON SWAMP!!!   TERM LIMITS
what a scam job you have. You don't show up to work and say no to everything. Why can't I have a easy job like that?
you are doing your own agenda.. not the will of the people .. very selfish..
why u have 2 Twitter accounts? Both r verified??
We must oppose all Republican nominees because of outrageous Garland treatment - don't like it, but can live with 8 for 4 years!
THANK YOU SENATOR WARREN!!
Pocahontas stop whining already
agree to not filibuster SC appointment of Trump agrees to show his tax returns
you oppose the nomination because you are an evil witch... No need  to tell us common knowledge
@SenateDems
WHAT about 8 YEAR OLD American GIRL KILLED in RAID in YEMEN???
#TrumpRussia
#muslimban #dworkinreport #trumpleaks
Neither Dems nor Reps have any grounds to ever talk about 'innocent victims'. Ever.
no explanation needed , you're the opposition party remember? @POTUS  #draintheswamp #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #fauxahontas
I think the GOP also needs to be reminded of the First Amendment.
if u do not vocally step up and lead ur ppl u will 4ever b rem as the leader who lost America
What a waste of time for the residents of the Commonwelth to have their US Senator grandstand for herself ! 

Total Phony
MAY God confound you even more than you are! @TheDemocrats @SenateFloor
say good bye in 2018 your out of here
Best of luck!  But recent events suggest we won't block him. Need "Emperor's New Clothes" moment. DEM team needs charismatic lead
RIGHT won fool. America voted!!DEMONcrats=REJECTED! O'no abused the pen and changed to 51. We will NOW use those tools! ABORT PP
Remember Merrick Garland! Do to them what they did to you. Resist!
you're a disgusting example of a senator , for u to stay silent while Berkeley students act like 1930s  Germany Nazis,
Thank you from the bottom of my heart. I so appreciate everything you are doing for the Commonwealth and our nation.
You ranked 85 out of 98 on 2015 The Lugar Center - McCourt School Bipartisan Index.  Could you do better?
I never get tired of seeing this!
Neil Gorsuch founded and led a student group dubbed Fascism Forever, while attending  prep school in Washington in the 1980s.

Discuss? You mean trash the judge, he's very highly qualified! Get over yourself! This will come back to bite you in the ass 2018
NO YOU ARE NOT GOING TO DISCUSS
that implies a conversation
YOU ARE GOING TO ACT LIKE SPOILED CHILD YELLING 
YOUR VIEWS
ENOUGH
If you are for Citizens United, you should be flat out disqualified. Time for Dems to show some backbone.  #SCOTUS

@SenateGOP Warren, you have got to be one of the most disgusting human beings in America. To think you're a Senator is disturbing
Partisanship has destroyed our government.   Congress has had a pass for too long.  We must confront this issue and demand change
Hey Hypocrite. Why dont U take 1/2 of what U own & give it 2 those who have none, instead of crying about it
how abou telling us about your1.3$$$$$$$???
@bechey go get em
Thanks for speaking up for the rest of us!
thank you!
NO MORE REFUGEES NO MORE OPEN BORDERS! MUSLIM REFUGEES DESTROYED PARIS GERMANY UK SWEDEN ! KIDS N WOMEN BEING RAPED DISGUSTING
Hold the seat open, #RESISTANCE
THIS IS WHY DEMOCRATS LOSE! AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT CONSTITUTION FOLLOWED U DON'T LIKE USA CONST. MOVE!
Thank you!
me too
I listened to your concerns and once again, you're absolutely right. Thank you for being a beacon of light during this ugliness.
The ugliness is stinking liberals attacking people and destroying property when someone do not agree with your ideology
If you'd taken time to research this you'd realize both instances were fringe anarchist groups, not liberals.
You wearing your feather Pocahontas?
Thank you for standing up for us. I'm scared!
@fourfacesofeve You better get a steal spine quick, I heard about your other votes recently.
DURO CON ELLOS!!!! (means hard with them ) 
so you pretty much saying the democratic party has no poker chips to play with, so your just going to the buffet on taxpayers
I saw your speech.  You are one of the biggest idiots I have seen in my lifetime. You are also a proven liar!
you lied about a #NativeAmerican heritage to use #false honor for your personal gain. You #embarrass the practice of law.
lol you endorded Clinton - she would have been huge for corporations. You are a fool.
This is a mistake. Do the right thing and vote for him.
Best of luck. You have a great a chance as Custer had at Little Bighorn! Oh wait..you DO have Sen.UpChuck..so NO chance! PERIOD!!
so happy you are doing what's best for the country and not what best for yourself by voting 4 Gorsuch's well-qualified nomination
you are a great ex of whats wrong with Gov. Corrupt to the core Everything opposite of Good and Godly Please step aside or down
Your a dishonest and bias political hack. Gorsuch is the perfect choice. No one more qualified to be a Supreme Court justice.
you simply oppose him because he dares read the constitution as written, trump appointed him, and he limits the govt powers
vote him in. He's even better than OBAMA.
