Don’t forget patient advocates like @ACSCAN & @AARPadvocates – they’re appalled by #Trumpcare, too.
Republicans seem intent on plowing ahead anyway – pretending down is up, left is right, & #Trumpcare is somehow not a catastrophe.
A health care bill that destroys care & affordable coverage for millions – seriously? What planet are these guys living on?!
It’s time to junk this cruel #Trumpcare bill before massive numbers of Americans are hurt by it.
shut up Pocahontas
Yes Chuck for sure, chill out Faux-cahontas!
Even though they're speaking out, the #Trumpcare bill is rolling past two House Committees! Who can stop this?
Average folks responding to Nancy Polosi don't agree. They were "thrown off" their insurance or their premiums went way up.
Oh those same people that tried to tell you the aca was a fucking disaster!!!!! Everyone of you should be fired and replaced!!!!
flight back and do it.
it's so bad even @realDonaldTrump thinks it's 'wonderful' #DumpTrump
I definitely agree. This is a disaster. Millions of Americans will die on GOP/Trump's hands. More money is going to the wealthy.
Don't call it Trumpcare. It's #Republicare
the GOP is responsible for this enable. 45 will sign anything. The GOP Admin is responsible and needs to be cut.
#NoAgeTax
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets.
Agreed, all they had 2 do-work w/Obama, on the ACA.But they refused & call it a disaster.Would of been much easier 4 the country.
it's not #Trumpcare. It's #DonTCare.
the GOP hates the poor.
Who will Republicans leech off of once the poor are gone?
Each other.
Keep up the fight for the little folks!
like the Obamacare keep your doctor more lies from the dems the democrats have ruined the health care system
@Jamie7Keller stop calling it trumpcare. Drafted by other GOPers. Don't make Trump's ego bigger by giving him undue credit
Nope, he can own this train wreck. This needs to be another dead albatross around his neck.
he had almost nothing to do with it though, and he will want to own it. You're giving him what he wants.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about American's just his ego & wallet! Look at how much he's spent on vacations?
OMG! How did we ever function B4 Obama care?
impeachment please
. States must balance their budgets, so giving state block grants for Medicaid is big problem.
you are out of your hook up
Lets hope that many feel that way - the plan would cost me my way of making a living.

@cwiederman Obummercare  was 2..missy.
#Trumpcare=#SwampCare
Whats going to happen to VA healthcare with the new ACA
we want to call it #wealthcare
extortion care
@talkaboutit84 Don't call it "Trump Care", he's not that smart or patient. It's "Ryan Care". This is what he's always wanted.
That'll do too
do you still have the data of people hounded to death prior to the ACA, and in the years since to compare publicly?
Nurses too. The American Nurses Association denounced the Republican Healthcare proposal yesterday.
Obamacare is a bigger disaster
Who would've thought that health care isn't easy
maybr if they spent the last 7 yrs amd billions on an actual plan there wd be an actual plan. This is purely abt undoing Obama
Trump is the disaster!
anything is better than the aca. Dem have watched it ruin people and done nothing. Govt. healthcare must be nice.
so how are they able to push it through so fast?
WE CALL IT SHITCARE
they did say "bipartisan " (over 50 Alaskan woman, so fringe it's obscene)
@UniteBlue a great nation should be able to unite & develop a plan that works
insurance companies are against trumpcare?  Maybe it's not so bad.  But what about the CEO tax cut?  They must be for that.  Sad.
The darn bill is not even ready. Maybe u need to of your butt n do something 4 once to help 4 the good of the country n people.
how about trying less government control more freedom for once
@texyellowdogdem @CitizensFedUp @amjoyshow #IRS #Veterans #Law NRA TeaParty TRUMP/Pence/Ryan/McConnell BS Propaganda vs FACTS
what good is having health insurance if you can't use it? My deductible is $13,000! I don't have the money to pay that.
Thank you for finding the only positive in #Trumpcare.  Agreement feels positive, doesn't it?
to bad no majority to go with it= washed up....lol
@AnnHendrickson1   It truly is as they once called the AHCA DEATH PANELS!!! Especially for the elderly
your the disaster
socialized medicine in any form is a disaster.
please shut up! Real AMERICANS are tired of hearing you. You agenda is so one sided that middle America thinks it's ridiculous.
The GOP is a disaster.
DumpsterCare will devastate so many people.  This truly shows the cruelty of the Repubs in Congress.
ACA mandate 80% of premium goes 2 health care So need to reduce profit & expenses to 0 w competition & innovation 4 20% savings
In addition with no 20% cap on profit and expenses the profit is sure to increase. Real savings on the cost side drugs etc
@trueblueatheist Sen Warren is a looney tunes flake who should be VOTED OUT!
Why, exactly? What policies she advocates bother you?
why'd you ditch Frenchie? It's not her policies (since she has none.) Its her absolute denial that policies of democratic
party has failed this nation for decades. More people on welfare, inner city blacks killing each other on massive scale
None of that is true.
al, of that is true. I'll ask again....tell me what good she has done?
She fights hard for ordinary people. How do you feel about Dodd-Frank, for example?
how did that help you? And it wasn't her bill, she just followed the rest of obamas flunkies.
How do we stop the GOP?! Please @SenWarren make this insanity stop! #TrumpRussia #Facism
and yet I expect the GOP will just keep telling us how wonderful it is.
thanks for standing up for those of us who will be harmed by #Trumpcare - all Americans!
Cheetocare
I like to call it "Ryan Doesn't Care Act".
it should be #Trumpdontcare
what they said about Obamacare pocahontas
They're just too blindly fervent to get Obama's name of the ACA ASAP, without understanding the consequences.  Sad!
agreed! #trumpcare is horrific
ur the biggest disaster ever.
lmao.. doctors and economists have been calling out the ACA for years. Maybe if you studies the subjects you'd know that.
@rlterrill Warren is an old fool who lied about being a Native American.
Look deeper...see @maddow ! TREASON!  Please read/push Emoluments Clause  - Trump China Brand!
Hopefully it will kill their re-election bids. Wish they couldn't take THEIR healthcare with them. #TheyWork4US
You are everything that is wrong with politics.  What have YOU ever done ?  I mean, other than complain.  Please retire
at least they care if people don't like their proposed bill. #TheBrooksBriefing @deplorableteach @jacob_brooks17
more lies from the impeachable trump. We need the Supreme Court to order the tax release leave obamacare alone
I hope the GOP doesn't get their way and make it harder for the poor. Then the rich gets richer.
Translation: Pocahontas admits that I am a great unifier. Under me the country is speaking as one!
Yet, to prove they can make things worse, they will as adisplay of payback power games that will result in death and suffering.
Single-payer? Give the American people a competing vision to believe in.
as a physician , nobody speaks for me. I'll decide on "Trump care" as I see. AMA does not represent >10% of physicians!
we agree that you're evil
@BasiaSosnowska ..It's a Trump care now..? call it TrumpBama..Noway this plan cover and made it cheaper as promised..
call it #Tumpdoesnotcare
And they are correct
it's not really trumpcare, #republicare #swampcare #gopcare. But if going for how it's a disaster.. then yeah.
the GOP are liars, alot of their supporters rely on Obamacare
senator Warren I beg you to find a way to get 45 impeached
ACA is Communism Saul Alinsky Socialism vomit Government Control-Freakism
keep Obamacare  people going broke is much better
This DUMMY doesn't even understand Healthcare, that will be his excuse, he will blame the ignorant republicans #TRUMPCARELESS
should be called CHUMPCARE #chumpcare
you are a disaster and not American Indian FYI..you are a sham and a shame to rational American Indian Women..who are real.
Retire or shut up and let the adults handle healthcare
Thank you for fighting for us!
must pray 4 ur husband, he must be misery  ride ur broom
idiot!  Obamacare is the reason my healthcare is 4 times the cost it was 6 years ago and a higher deductible!
Hahaha, true https://goo.gl/cwBMur 
Totally agree @realDonaldTrump if u sign it u own it #TrumpCare
stop calling it trump care it's republicare. You're giving the GOP an out when it turns out to be a disaster
fight not too pass it, this is horrible and most ppl like Obamacare
you all are delusional...what people like obamacare..government shouldn't babysit us Americans. Especially 26yr olds
you'll appreciate it later, obviously 26 year olds need it
I'm over the political sham from left and right.i live by giving someone a chance.not this anti
Awwe to bad you don't see this one already worn out his chances
we need your leadership to stand up against TrumpCare
YOU ARE A DISASTER!!!  We haven't heard much of you since they didn't want to listen to you anymore!!! TOO FUNNY, U WILL NOT WIN!
Trumpcare if passed will be key in midterms. Unfortunately millions will suffer in the process.
why can't the rest of the country get access to the same health plans our elected officials have?
Thanks 4 leading the way 2 defeat this.  If, it passes, please make sure it is called TrumpCare so it is linked to him always!
Please go soak your head. There is something seriously wrong with you.  Humana out. Aetna out,  Yomama care is unsustainable
thank god for twitter.  No one would know you exist without it
you are the disaster
the nurses have also spoken! #Proud nurse who works with insurance providing free services to ESRD pts!
And will they please speak up on a stage and may it be televised like a State of the Union speech? It is that important.
.@energy_ferret #Trumpcare aka The #TeaParty #GOP #Trump we don't care about regular people bill.
Should call it as #Trumpdoesntcare and not #Trumpcare
then work with him , GOP etc etc and develop a good system, is your duty , you are paid by ALL for that
#Trumpcare but if they don't pass it they will still find a way to blame it on Democrats (as usual)
But, we will know ! Let's not let the GOP forget! Vote them out one by one!
the only disaster I see here is you Liz. #confusedliberals
we should call it #Republicare so everyone knows which party was responsible for this terrible bill.
AML+FLT3+19yo+>$1M in bills+prex condition=ty #aca for saving my baby's life #coveragematters #the27% #repeal1stkills
you mean #repubcare
yes, but where were all the docs and hospitals during the election! Isn't it a little late to become vocal about it now?
can we call it #swampcare because that's what it is. Ew.
you are the disaster
JUST AS WE ALL KNEW IT WOULD BE!  LEAVE OBAMA CARE ALONE!
how dare you say trump care is bad when you idiots knew Obamacare wouldn't work and wanted it approved
@rolandsmartin Much like his presidency!!
No reason to call it "TrumpCare".... because we all know "TrumpDontCare"!!!
It will all work out Pocahontas. BTW, did you ever read about The Trail Of Tears?
people will follow you. Enough is enough! Are we going to watch how this narcissist will run American values into the ground?
- where were you during Obamacare?
Pls state facts that educate. People conned believe anything he says. ? if u buy ins plan from iowa-cheaper-will it pay NY rates
All you do is pick on Trump, you my dear is what we real women call a DISASTER
Washington is out of touch with the American people , Democrats and Republicans.
Thank you Jedi @SenWarren you are thought of, today and everyday, with love and respect.
Jedi...love it!!!
#TrumpDontCare :-/
Keep fighting!!!
Well, Trump only cares for himself, so who couldn't have predicted this?
the best insurance is Golden insurance here we have the best services
Yet @PressSec is telling us that #Trumpcare will get to the Oval Office and be signed. What are our options if Congress fails us?
NO TRUMPCARE! NO TRUMPCARE!
no one cares what you have to say
Trump and the GOP are lying liars who conned the American people and the poorest part of the electorate into thinking Trump cared
Can't be worse than $5k deductibles under Obama care. A drop in the bucket for you, but real money for most Americans
How do we make certain that new HC law dies? CONTACT your reps & ask if they r voting in favor. If yes start recall petition.
I do not have an iphone. I have samsung. I also have healthcare. So does my unemployed friend, who has an iPhone 4
we (the people) can afford bolth.
@UniteBlue maybe Bernie should have supported ACA instead of telling kids they can have FREE Insurance.
YOU are a disaster! #pizzagate
So after all that time rallying to dismantle ACA with their "better plan", bluff gets called and they ain't got jack. @SenWarren
from a tweet I saw: Donald Trump Care = #DonTcare  seems appropriate
Find some common ground ! We have a starting point. Can't you meet in broom closet & sort this out. We need health care not obama /ACA
DISASTER is used 2 freely,by ppl that have no idea,theyre so rich&cant possibly understand the full impact,
TERM limits
@Brooke888888 
God bless you, and your work, my She-ro.
XOXO
Similar opposition from multiple groups when #Obamacare was passed. Both your plans are pretty bad
how much longer can all of this go on? This man and his operatives have all committed treasonous offenses!!!! Lock them up! S O S
Hey moonbat - what have you done to solve the health care problems??
But @realDonaldTrump only wants to line his pockets and that of his cronies.  No republicans actually care about US the people.
Trumpcare is Armageddon, not simply a disaster!
@MillsGarris Hospitals and doctors should also be closely monitored for what they charge. Greed is killing this country.
Bro you can say that twice!  But I don't know if they'll ever get those pieces down in our lifetime
no but everything is okay now that everyone has their guns still!! Funny, no one was ever going to take them away.
I know right?  But the right was obsessed with that. Stocking up on ammo like the world was coming to an end!
Funny how hate crimes have skyrocked since 45 has taken over. Still waiting on this Law/ Order b/s he preached about
he told #MattLauer he's not 2 blame. He's like a 5 y/o. He never admits blame. His campaign rhetoric caused the hate crimes

and there is probably more that we can add on! But that is a very good description of *45. Very very good!
