Liz, don't forget about Pence. He's smirking in the background, pretending not to be involved.

When Donald is ousted, Pence MUST NOT be 46.
To bad #HeIsYourVP
Agree it is bad.
Quite the opposite #Pence2024
He will not have my vote
Cool. Trump didn't get everybody's vote and he still won.
Yeah because Russia helped him!
No evidence. You lost
That's an outright lie. Trump never said that.
Really?  You didn't see the interview?
With who?
Lester Holt. He specifically talks about it in the intvw.  Plus the letter Jeff Sessions sent that talks about firing Comey.
Got a link? I don't remember an interview where trump said he fired Comey because of Russia investigation.
Well, I'm assuming you have google? If you put in the words trump interview and Lester Holt it'll bring you right to it!
Trump said he wanted the Russia investigation to continue... He also said that Comey told him three times Trump is not under investigation.
Must be a different interview  maybe he wasn't at that time but Comey even says in the hearing he can't comment  on that
Trump has never said "I fired Comey, in part, because of the Russia investigation" 

That is a complete lie. There's a tape of it.
No, he just admitted that the TrumpRussia problem was on his mind when he made his decision. It's on tape. I heard it.
Well, you heard wrong then and rushed to confirm your own bias. I expect it from regular people, but Elizabeth Warren should be better.
That tells me was thinking about the Trump/Russia thing when he was deciding you're Comey. Are you saying he wasn't? Cause he says he was.
Watch the interview again. He mentions Russia in a very Trumpian opening sentence, calling it a partisan hoax. Why should it affect decision
Why that would affect his decision either. Oh wait, he's Trump, and he didn't like the investigation into his campaign!!! DUHHHH
Sorry lady, you can't strip context from an interview and insert your narrative into someone's head. It doesn't work like that. Shameful.
Sorry, dude, your president said he was thinking about TrumpRussia when he decided to fire Comey. I didn't strip context. Trump is shameful.
Once the Seth rich case comes out, the fake Russian scandal won't exist anymore
The fake Seth Rich story?? It's right up there with #pizzagate 
You know, if it's ethical for an officeholder to fire someone who is investigating his campaign.
Umm perhaps a dictionary is in order so you can look up the term ethical. Conservative repugnicans seem to have trouble w/vocab above 6th gr
Oh you poor thing. I spelled it to correctly represent the repugnance of your party dear. I'm sorry it went so far over your head.
Seth Rich's family has asked that the apt right stop using his death as fodder for conspiracy theories. Have you no respect?
Time for justice for those Putin murdered, too, or does your Fuhrer Trump think that's okay?
If inexperience is ok, then let an inexperienced mechanic work on your car or wire your electric heater inside. Hmmm!
Yeah ok , It that why the country within was at Peace. Is that why racist pricks stopped everything he tried to do.
Keep spreading more BS fauxcahontis
Instead of researching to see she's telling the truth you throw out an absurdly stale nickname.  Do you have kids? Great example of maturity
Yeah right coming from the nasty liberal left. Go back under your rock.
Do the research or thrash around in ignorance like a petulant child.  Under my rock exists sources of knowledge and information.
We don't care! We care about jobs, more money in our pay checks, healthcare that actually is available and fairly priced
We DO care!  Because with these crooks in office they're only looking out for themselves! We deserve better!!
The good news is Sessions will be going full steam ahead on the #SethRichCoverUp #SethRichMurder.
Sessions is the monster in the closet
Indian princess speak with forked tounge!
What role was that, energizer bunny/scarecrow? You may want a coup d' Estes against an elected president but not your desired result
Crooked trump #DumpTrump
You don't just make shit up do ya? 
Warren, go back to the Teepee! Your an embarrassment to the USA!
Doesn't Joe Lieberman being Trump's personal lawyer 4 sexual harassment suits, make it a conflict of interest 2 appoint him as Head of FBI?
Absolutely
they should all be fired. And that goes for @VP too. Could you imagine needind  prayers every 15 minutes because it's routine now? #clowns
Klansman Sessions name will come up in that same investigation as well watch and see. Lock them all up!
And you were one of the main whining Democrats that wanted him fired before the election. But now it does not fit your agenda.
It's the "in part" that tells the bigger picture, the truth. Share that!
Get that BIGOT OUT!!
Fake indian. Your side lost!!!!!
Hey Warren what about your lying and deception.
That was exactly your reason for calling for his firing the second before Trump fired Comey.
Comey should have been fired by #Obama for convicting #HillaryClinton but doing nothing.
indict!!!
Thank you for your fight SenWarren!!!
Sessions is as involved in #russiagate as the rest. That despicable little man needs to be sent to Siberia
I can't wait until Mueller shuts down the Democratic Party & their lying conspiracy theories. Mueller will be the next target  then 
#FightOnSenatorWarren!
You twist everything to suit your narrative. Not what he said.
Didn't he excuse himself of anything to do with Russia?
He who was supposed to have recused himself! Of course why would the word of any of them have any meaning. I have no faith in any of them.
Why do you have to lie? Can you not wait until you get some facts, women???
The entire Republican party knew about Trump/Russia and they covered it up and lied, we need to investigate the GOP and take them down.
You sound like a 10yr old repeatedly claiming your brothers stealing from cookie jar & your Mom keeps saying.....WE HAVE NO COOKIE JAR!! lol
We know why Trump and Sessions fired Jim Comey is because they didn't want Comey to investigate Trump and Sessions ties with the Russians.
Sessions should face prosecution and criminal charges for his part of obstructing justice and undermining the Trump/Russia investigation.
Wish he could fire you
Maybe he’ll listen now...
Get them Senator Warren
Queen Coretta #Tried2TellYall... smh... sad!
A lot of cognitive dissonance going on up in here.
Trump, Sessions, Pruitt, Pence, Ryan etc etc they ALL need to be chased OUT of the WH. Voting GOP was a major mistake, whoever made it.
Sessions should resign
For you to trash Sessions while standing w/BHO & HRC shows the kind of person you truly are! Despicable! 2018 can't come soon enough!
Is it possible president Paul Ryan by 2019??
Someone needs to explain to these folks what the word "recuse" means.  Seriously though, you weren't expecting honor, were you?
This is collusion & interfering with an investigation.#FireSessions #SessionsLied & #ImpeachTrump #ITMFA #CountryOverParty #SessionsMustGo
He committed perjury. Even one more instance not even pursued. Why hasn't he been disbarred a la Clinton?? #DisbarSessions
How is that recusing himself? What are the consequences? How is Sessions still in office after perjuring himself under oath? #Constitution
Sessions should also be in prison!
Colluded with Russia: Flynn, Pence, Ryan, Sessions, and of course Trump - JAIL them all. I'd prefer firing squad.
More dishonest news
Yo Gen. Beauregard, see you at Appomattox MF
True
Pocahontas speaks Indian princess is a liar
I love you Elizabeth, but I'm pretty sure you voted to confirm him.
Lier

Can you please stop blowing hot air, you over inflated wind bag
Don't you have anything better to do??  How about working on something useful like tax reform or infrastructure.  Stop the pettiness
Who cares
Who was recused, so why did he have a say in it. He night E

Why did he have a say in it he had already recused himself he lied under oath
You confuse me, Whose side are you on
I wish we can fire you. When's your term up?
sessiosn should have been fired after he lied under oath & didnt come clean until he was caught! #FIREsessions #FIREsessions #FIREsessions
Sessions should be fired!
You Dems have been calling for Comey's firing since October.  You're a party of Hypocrites and subversives.
The amount of pure ignorance is overwhelming. Have you libs noticed how nothing is happening...again? Wake up, she is playing you. #think
He never said that
He should be removed immediately... he should have never made it in
Session's must resign or be " repealed & replaced".
So this was good thing right Lizzy? Comey is a failure like you. When do you get fired, oh right next election.
I think all the people around Trump need to be investigated. He has surrounded himself with people we need to vetted. He has poor judgement.
They must go!
@11thDems @realDonaldTrump yes special prosecutor has a lot to look at
I'm so scared. I think they're going to investigate your Indian heritage and they'll find out you are a liar. I hope you go to jail. Resign

How did that College education you got as a "NATIVE AMERICAN" work out?
There is no Russian collusion. Either prove it or stop the drama.
Sessions & Pence R part of the package & it is the package that has to be totally investigated. If election's invalidated, do it over clean!
Will Independent Council find dirt on Sessions, Pence, Ryan & McConnell? & What if he does?
Yet, he lied under oath and continues his evilness...
What do you think of Corrine Brown Senator?
I know Sessions will fall off the wall with Trump, Flint, jarod, and of course Bannon whos been silent
NO, SEN FAUX-A-HONTAS, Trump did NOT say Comey firing had anything to do w/Russia investigation. IN FACT quite the opposite. STOP LYING!
Yes, Comey was screwing it up and wasting time. If Comey cleared Trump it wouldn't mean much. No credibility. Get someone good and go!!
his idea of recusal doesnt line up with anyones @jeffsessions #russiagate #RESISTANCE #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Who killed Seth Rich?
Sessions needs to go.
Sessions broke his word about staying out of Trump/Russia investigation?If that is case,we're not surprised
11 Senators sent letter to begin investigation of Sessions. None of the cock-a-roaches gonna get away...!
Lying Session has no integrity and do not respect his own pledge.  He does not deserve to be our AG.
Comey fired himself-did not know how to use the rule of law, was politicized & incompetent
Sessions, Trump, & Pence all need to go. If Pence isn't #Complicit, then he's too stupid to be let out without a minder.
blind idiot warren
Yeah well no one in congress gives a crap. Nothing will happen to him and the US is screwed!
Oh look, another loser democrat running her mouth. She is such a hypocrit.
The entire cabinet has a cheerleader mentality for the election? They all gained while someone else lost.
I really wished the Republicans would have harassed Obama like you have Trump.  Pay back will be hell if you ever again get a Dem in office!
It just keeps getting better and better
Latest NYT bombshell: Before Gen. Flynn came to the White House, team Trump knew he was under federal investigation. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/17/us/politics/michael-flynn-donald-trump-national-security-adviser.html?action=Click&contentCollection=BreakingNews&contentID=65315008&pgtype=Homepage … 
Isn't Sessions the type who would call for traitors to be executed by firing squad. Trump, Pence, Flynn,  Tillerson, plus the bit players
Yes Elizabeth it's time you started talking #ImpeachTrump
No he didn't.Stop with fake#stories. He wrote a letter that's it. POTUS said he already planned it. Relax and let in goBreath in breath out
Beauregard lied to the Senate in his confirmation hearings. Why are we surprised that he lied about is recusal
How about Rosenstein??
#FireSessions
More Fake news
Senator Warren, please keep standing up for us! trump an everyone in Between have FLAGRANTLY committed crimes, anyone else would be in jail!
Sessions needs to go.. right along with his supreme leaker.
Yup.   That's why he is going down.   Impeachment is coming Don
He old committed perjury
Plz look into the Republicans mentioned in Washington Post article "I Think Putin Pays Trump": K McCarthy, D Rohrabacher, P Ryan
N ur point is? Cannot we all be friends Let's smoke the pice pipe. N spend the week in a tee pee.
You are a liar. How do you keep up with all the lying you do? Release your tax returns.
The Democrats just lost 2018.
Go back to your teepee Pocahontas. You are so irrelevant. Mueller is Pandora's box. Bye bye Clinton. 
Can we trust Mueller or is this a farce?
There are no ties, no memo-- just propaganda from the facist left media trying to constantly derail the administration
Lock'em up Liz
Corrupt @USAGSessions is compromised and needs to resign. He perjured himself to Congress & is colluding in #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #LOCKHIMUP


#RecusedSessions #NoComment Yeah, yeah sure..
OMG just do the work your constituents elected you for  Jobs Infrastructure Opiod control THAT is what we all want not posturing & lying
Lizzie luvs 2 distort the facts:) it's what she does best. but soon she will be gone. forever.
Foul play for Sessions!
What are the chances of losing AG?  How do we lose the AG!?
Pres Trump said he thought of the Russian issue, he was referring to the appearance of the firing. He knew the investigation was on going
Well then?
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Oh....I thought it was for him to fall on it...
Time to #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow  and #imprison him.
He said "in part" of the firing was cause of the Russia investigation ? Facts please? I'm just curious I haven't heard of that part.
God bless Sessions!!!
They all played a role in he firing of Comey and others. #CrookedParty
Outrageous
Sessions should be disbarred for his letter to Trump recommending Comey be fired. It was illegal.
Obstruction of justice 101
Throw them all out
Jefferson Beauregard has his hands in quite a few swamps..possibly invested in prisons..lied to the Senate Comm..violated recusal #GetHimOut
Sessions should be indicted for lying to Congress and forced to resign!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shut the he'll up
You should investigate if the govt is picking up the tab 4 the frozen squirrel meat Sessions has shipped to DC every week His favorite food
I thought Sessions was supposed to be recused from this investigation. Apparently not. He made his presence felt in Comey's firing.
Beauregard! @jeffsessions is:
* a witness
* participant
* @realdonaldtrumpappointment

Him running inference #TrumpRussia is criminal.
Impeach him too!
Pea soup fog of corruption and deceit
Absolutely!
I'm sorry is there a crime here, or is this just more hysteria from chiefest warren?!
#LockThemUp but pls don't leave us with Hatch. We need a whole new election - you in???? #BLUTAH2018  #REPLACE&Repeal #ImpeachTrumpPence
That's what he calls recusal-another baldfaced lie
Liz , I hope you do know , the WH , just called yalls bluff , I sure do hope your one of the swamp creatures that gets busted !
That is exactly why his little TROLL ASS needs to be gone as well
