Icahn made a big bet that the price of renewable fuel credits would drop. Then he advised on policies that made them drop. Icahn made $50M.
Today I urged the CFTC, SEC & EPA to investigate Trump adviser Carl Icahn for insider trading & market manipulation. https://www.warren.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1597 …
Name one president who has not had advisors from industry who wanted their industry to benefit. @POTUS still makes the decisions.
Need to ask you if you know my cousin Martin Harvard law bankruptcy a republican was Trumps lawyer
carl owns lots of stock should not advise Trump he owns Herz Apple and many more
I find it funny that you Democrats are yelling so loud about corruption when we've had Beyond eight years of corruption with the Clintons
Where did you get all your money Pochantus? We need to see your tax returns.
The sacking continues.
So??? You leftist politicians don't understand economics; it's people like you who created Communist Cuba and Venezuela. Repent or shut up!
In Venezuela they are literally eating their zoo animals because they listened to the Left-wing cooks!!!
So??? Only organic farmers can be advisors???
what about SOROS he pays you
Thanks Pocahontas.
SO WHAT!  OMG you find something wrong with EVERYONE you really should seek professional help!

Just remember it's all about the propane and propane accessories
We know 45 doesn't care about conflict of interest! Only what helps  him and his rich cronies!
I think you live in a bubble Elizabeth Warren.
Again Trump's idea of "draining the swamp"!!!
Trump firing #Comey. This should signal "this is the End," 
         - #JimMorrison
Call DOJ @ 202-353-1555 for Deputy Attorney Gen., Rod Rosenstein to appoint sp prosecution to investigate OUR Executive B ties to Russia
Lining up this man even though it is conflict of interest.
and 45 sent more troops to the middle east. he's going to find a way to get the oil like he's been blabbering about 4 ages
And your point is Fauxcahontas?
And your beloved Obama administration was in bed with Sonos. What's the difference
#LockHimUp
Thanks Elizabeth. Our watchdog.
What is going on in our government. Can YOU in charge reel this in b4 it is too late??!!
@ElinaBeauchamp @OgreUasshole wait a moment "Fauxahontas" r u saying this guy lied 2 get a job-like say checking native american box on app?
Liz, I'm sure he is smarter than you. As a matter of fact most everybody is smarter than you. You and DEMS ARE BAD FOR AMERICA
Come to the cabaret
DJT surrounds himself with men who are easily bribed to help run the government. Promise a pipeline or a hotel and they do your bidding.
what's the surprise. The rich & Powerful used to control government through lobbying now they are the government
Elizabeth, Trump's tweets this morning, sounds like a REAL paranoid, nervous and guilty man trying hard to cover up or dodge
Go get em Elizabeth ! We have got to get these crooks out of our Whitehouse !!
Hey you empty-headed Indian oops not Indian the presidents draining the swamp I hope that you are on his list
WHO THE HELL IS SUPPOSED TO BE WATCHING THE DOOR?!?
The horror!!!
Icahn is notorious for serving himself. Greed and corruption is rampant in the White House(the swamp).
Or because.
Trump is a shill for the fossil fuel industry.
Blatant abuse. Democracy in real trouble.
So many conflicts of interests???
We demand an #IndependentInvestigation now on #TrumpRussia
Dems sent letter requesting Comeys files remain safe? Think that did it? #filesgone
Kleptocracy-a government or state in which those in power exploit national resources and steal; rule by a thief or thieves.—WATCH the $$$
Please!!! Stay on Trump! Impeach Trump!!'
What's the difference, petroleum refining, peanut farms, or plantations
Thank you!! Trump modified legislation specifically for $$ to line Icahns pockets. Unethical. GREED  #ImpeachNow
You'd prefer someone with zero intelligence with ownership of nothing? Your politicization of everything is nauseating.
Surrounding himself with millionairs  and billionair's is ensuring his future of wealth...this is criminal
Carl Icahn also owner of Trumps BNKRUPT Taj Mahal in Atlantic City sold to Hard Rock Cafe
The conflict of interests alone should be grounds for impeachment.
Let's see actual subpoenas and demands from congress to figure out what the fuck is going on!? Stage a sit in, #act, #resist this #crisis
HEY LIZ, YOU ARE FREINDS AND TAKE MONYE FROM HILLARY AND SOROS. SO THE POT CALLING THE KETTLE BLACK.LIZ  HYPOCRITE  WARREN AKA GOOFY
HOW MUCH MONYE DID SEN. LIZ WARREN MAKE ON REPO HOUSES SHE BOUGHT FROM BANKS? AND IS SHE REALLY OF INDIAN DECENT? NO SHE LIED.
Trump is singleminded n his protection & advancement of petroleum.U can see it in his choices&antipathy 2 EPA.
Is this what draining the swamp looks like? Cause if it is I have a very different idea in my head of what it should be 
There isn't anything sane about Trump.
Impeach @POTUS #conman
Icahn also gutted airlines and shut them down. He is a cretin of the highest order.
Good
No her profiting from selling US Uranium [Nuclear materials] was ok with you, as was rewarding VA empl. for letting vets die on lists.
But Hillary's stake in the Clinton Foundation which took billions from foreign governments and wealthy donors doesn't bother you one bit.
He is just pissed that trump crushes him every time they get into an argument
If there aren't laws against it, why didn't you do something while you could? If there are, then enforce them.  Whats  with the innuendo?
and your backed candidate HRC was funded by Qatar and Saudi Arabia so what are you getting at?
Is capitalism illegal now?
Way to trash private citizens who've been successful in the name of whatever good govt you are trying to espouse. McCarthy-esque Senator!
You mean because.
Please stop investigating and start legal action!
Why isn't anyone calling foul on this? Is it going to take a revolution?  Congress must act!
@RepAdamSchiff @BernieSanders WE DEMAND INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION.    THIS STINKS TO HIGH HEAVEN!
Get rid of all corrupt career politicians,  no confidence in Senate.
No no no no no no no No

Yes he hires people who succeed. I bet he didn't tell people he was Native American to get special treatment
Well there's only so many unsuccessful /unproductive people and most of those are democrats. Talking to successful people is a good thing!
So not surprised
Icahn, Murdoch etc.  No wonder 45 is so out of touch
fake news pocahontas
I am begging you, get Trump out of office now. He is a monster.
No conflicts there? Hey American middle class - what's that doing for you?
#Treason
.when will Congress wake up and defend the American people!!!!
Awwww.  Thats too bad.  And you lied about being a minority.  Which is worse?
WITH THIS FACIST PIG ANY LONGER
It's time you all ACT! I luv u Elizabeth but we the people are counting on you and our fellow reps to STAND UP MAD AS HELL AND NOT PUT UP W
Well he's just going to keep pulling this crap until you all stop it. Need action.
That's not against the law. You should know. Pocahantas
really???
Lord have mercy, your people have gone astray from your ways of love, compassion and empathy.
I'm sorry I meant to say mrs. Warren please help us get him out of office
This is Warren please  please we need to put a stop to this before it goes any further he needs to be impeached and get him out of office
please put all efforts towards impeaching trump. he has obstructed justice firing Comey. what will happen next with our Democracy?
And is Icahn also being investigated for something nefarious? #FollowTheMoney #ImpeachTrump
Of course he did. He's the epitome of a profiteer   #DumpTrump
Prove your a Pocahontas or pay back the money that school paid you! LIAR can't do it can you !
Oh my!! Just #crooked never have we ever had such #Caos #prayer is really needed!!
Rules/laws soon to be broken, wait for it. ..Corruption at  it's finest...
What abt Comey being fired? R U ready 4 a #SpecialProsecutor NOW?
Since when have any rules or laws applied to him?  He is so out of control it's ridiculous while Rep majority just looks the other way.
Do you have a retirement plan? Ask your advisor how the funds are invested! Then,you'd stop insinuating to and misleading the public.
Carter appointed his cronies, billy appointed his croinies, obummer apointed left wing nuts, never heared a sound. Are libs two-faced?  YES!
Another example of Trump and Associates Breathtakingly Bad Behavior!  Impeach Now! How many more reason do we need?
Will you be calling for a special prosecutor?
Referring to Trump firing Comey not this.
Because someone who owns & runs companies employing thousands couldn't possibly have anything to offer.
And the only owner possible is a corrupt plutocrat. Am I right?
Crooked people love to surround themselves with other crooked peopleTake dicktraitor trumps cabinet, or his family as perfect examples
His family, gads, you liberals will reach far won't you?  Pocahontas, Pelosi, Waters and Schumer are perfect examples for Term Limits.
Look up the word nepotism. 

Calling her Pocahontas, makes your racism very apparent. 

Grow up, cuck.

Don will be in cuffs soon. 
Why aren't you concerned about George Soros involvement in the Obama Administration and gave Billions of Dollars to>
Progressive Special Interest Groups that are right now causing chaos around the country with their protests and riots.
And this is baffling how in this new normal state of affairs!  Why isn't something done with this man, family and business ties??
Very oily swamp!
Nothing to see here, move along, move along. Yeah Right coincidence?
More money for trump
Why would Trump want him? He needs a criminal trial guy.
the next president of the us.
Liz, have u been staying away from Bernie? Bernie is a Commie and a spoiler. Bernie used you to get Trump the win in EC. Now we all suffer..
Why don't you & your colleagues get busy and impeach this corrupt president?#ImpeachTrump
So what?
Bite me
Senator, how about you apologize for LYING about your Native American heritage...then get something done in Washington otherthan whining!!
So tired of Trump need to start impeachment asap
Icahn broke up Xerox
As in 'Death by success'? That's humorous. Good luck with that my little,fake, squaw.
What are YOU doing Senator to bring the country together? All of you Politicans are THE SAME, you have forgotten why you are in office.
Democrats had 8 years to get SOMETHING, ANYTHING DONE and you nearly RUINED the country.  Republicans aren't much better. Quit whinning!
so what Pocahontas.
When is impeachment? Enough is enough!
Not "even though," but "because."
@ethomas3915 He just fired comey what kind of a country do we have here lady This guy is a dictator we need the congress to act
Take care of your own party!
trump sent letter firing Colmey
OMG, Elizabeth!!! Donald does whatever the heck he wants. America was hoodwinked by a gangster with subversive tactics & maniacal tweets.
#ImpeachTrump #GameOfThronesTVShows
Bla bla bla. I'm lying liz. I hate all republicans. Bla bla bla. See you at the cheese shop in Cambridge
Please continue to fight against this corruption.   This entire administration is crooked beyond belief.
Trump himself is still very involved in his organization despite his fake assurances. Anyone who believes different is a Trump supporter.
@SenWarren When will this man be stopped?
Where oh where is the #twittereyeroll button?
Icahn is a very smart individual. It's best you allow his insight begin to work.  Certainly he's brighter than you personally
What a disgrace of a President, using the WH as his office for private business!
Ok Pocahontas. What ever you say..
So what lying Pocahontas
No comments on @BarackObama giving $2 million to Chicago youth? You, @realDonaldTrump  and @BernieSanders had plenty to say about his fees.
Who cares? Another business man to guide this country is JUST WHAT we need now...NOT more UNPRODUCTIVE POLITICS...Ya hear me EW? BHO? HRC?
He just doesn't get it. Does he truly believe he is above any & all laws?
Quit tweeting and get your ass back to work quit wasting tax payers dollars tweeting
Thank you @SenWarren
Elizabeth, I am serious w this ques. Do our elected officials HAVE to be ethical?  Is there NOTHING other officials can do?  No standards?
And you're not jajajajaja
Doesnt surprise me. Crooks
Old white men remember older, rich, white men's names.   Carl Icahn is over.
But yet you were complaining about Obama's $400k speaking fee.
Oh wow! I didn't hear that she was complaining about it! President Obama is so personable, intelligent and down to earth, seems fair to me!
please tell me why we must sit and watch our country being dismantled, I thought this country belonged 2 the People not the government!
Who's surprised? 
Waiting for Congress to impeach self-enrichment Trump. What's taking you guys so long???
Like U checking minority box, failed 2 disclose 1.3 million line of credit, 0%interest loan from Harvard. Transparency not in UR vocabulary.
Wow, Icahn is a real scumbag. I can't imagine anyone more poorly suited to work for the public interest. Awful
@Autistikids @realDonaldTrump there are violations and ethic violations dailyWho will investigate them? Who will enforce the law?
- SWAMP stinks more & more each day
Business people help the country grow while politicians wreck the country for personal gain. You're a pathetic mess, not a solution.
No - BECAUSE he is still a majority owner or a petroleum refining company.
Fleecing of #America by the GREEDY Billionaires. #Trump and every one of his ppl focus personal enrichment
So fucking what
Damn Senator Warren how many "special advisors" does he need? #Impeach45 #Resist
What part of He Doesn't Give a don't you understand I know u want to have the high ground but it's time to get in the mud and fight!
We don't care who owns what we want jobs and raises, we want to beable to support our families, something YOU NEVER HAD TO WORRY ABOUT
more sharks in to the swamp !! He is the most corrupt , money hungry Russian puppet there is !! @GOP  shame on U
YOUE SO OUT OF TOUCH WITH THE AVERAGE TAX PAYER ITS PATHETIC
