we luv you Elizabeth, but what would you have us do since no one objected to the illegal electors. Still angry.
Can someone plz tell us why no Senator objected to the illegal electoral votes? We still want to know.
Yes I can answer that question. NEVER or until he is impeached. He is unfit to be POTUS. Lies, cheats, steals, Putin..
What a sad twisted future you have to look forward to..... I'll check back in four years.
You wont have to wait that long.
You do realize that 75% of Americans did NOT vote for trump. The odds are against him. Cant wait.
so then what do we do to stop? Call our reps? Call other reps? Call @SpeakerRyan?
Senate Hearings, so call your senators ;)
and if I'm lucky to be in Blue CA, should I just call McConnell?
Yeah, maybe we should all call that disgraceful, turtle-faced national embarrassment
or show up at his office in non-threatening shirts? Oh wait....
He'll just crawl into his slimey shell.. or hide out with Eddie Muenster aka Paul Ryan
Even Bernie gets it. Your LOSERS
what does this have 2 do w thread on Cabinet Hearings & contacting Ur senators
how can this be asking for too much??
This is unacceptable behavior! Follow the rules or resign! We r tired of the bs! Play by the rules!
poke yourself to wake up to reality! Wake up!
Really? That's nice! Guess we shall see cause this to shall pass & the Trump will reign no more
Didn't you rush through Obama's? OR do you have selective memory?
your interest doesn't pass your doorstep so shut up
I cannot agree more.  Thanks for all your efforts. Very much appreciated
Hi Senator Warren ! Thank you for standing up for real Democracy ! Would love to see Trump and crew thrown out !
Can it be done before he gets us into a nuclear confrontation ? Please do all you can and then some !
please lead this fight!  Tell us what to do, we will listen and act.
take a long walk off a short pier.
tell that to #johnlewis
@maddow You are right. The Gop party has been captured by trump and Putin. I believe God is revealing their plans. We must ACT!
@maddow ELIZABETH JOIN THE RAT PACK! CHUKY CHRIS AND RACHEL. HAVE A CHEESE PARTY AND DO THE  (BARACK 0 TANGO) BE MERRY RATS !
it's amazing how u traitorous Dems who have almost destroyed the country bcome Patriots when Republicans win elections!
You are a fool! Wait until he does what he promised! Won't happen! You will impeach him soon, not soon enuff!
he's already done some of the things he said he was going to do, keeping companies in the United States & already plning theWall
, what, 800 jobs? Obama saved millions! Trump isn't President yet! All jobs created before 1/20 is under Obama! Jeeze!
u need 2 keep up on current events Trump already saved or brought back at least 15,000 jobs..
...I think you need to keep up with older events, these jobs were staying already!
@maddow give up your kick backs
As long as the GOP gets a slice of Trump pie, yhey will move ahead. Each pick has a vendetta against the dept/agency.
Elizabeth I must thank you for standing up for US The People ! You are my Hero !
your line of questions to Dr Carson was partison and pitiful.  U choose to make political statements instead of beinf fair
said by a omeone with a one sided view of the country try listening to your own advice and put America first for once #MAGA
anything else is a non-starter.
Bitch Warren, aka Pocohontas!
@realdonalstrump Biggest hypocrite attacking Trump ignoring Clinton Foundation play to pay/emails/Berniecheated/CNN collusion.
Yes... how can that be made to happen though? What can WE do?
#NotNormal #NotOkay
Cabinet officials must put our country's interests before their own. No conf hearings should be held until we’re certain that’s the case.
All of us w/ GOP Reps/Senators - write them EVERY WEEK, at LEAST!  "Follow" all your state's GOP on FB.  All of it! @nerissarain @SenWarren
Yeah, on that already- as well as encouraging others through # of the groups I'm in.What I want to know is, what more?
Anything? Everything? Do M Moore's daily action? Do all Warren suggests? Go to the women's march?  All of it.  @nerissarain @SenWarren
Right, yeah, on that all (not M Moore's but others). Was asking in THIS SPECIFIC case if there was an action to do.
Don't you remember my dad's main campaign promise? Fill the swamp! Fill the swamp!

ur all nasty ppl. Ive been shocked at how you talk and degrade ppl. America may b 2 far gone to save
Dad will get rid of that pesky 1st amendment and we won't have to hear from those ppl anymore. Thank god
@JohnLithgow Since when did u ever give a damn about your country!!
@maddow such hypocrites,Repubs had 16 diverse candidates Dems had 1 preordained candidate,that u lied & cheated to get nominated
e
you lost- stop being so childish and show some respect/ you are obviously running for reelection but your  ignorance is showing
This isn't Clintons cabinet! We all know she would not be honest! Ur so negative about everything!
keep up your nonsense with Ben Carson. Put on your ill gotten moccasins liar that helped you and shut up already!
Agreed! Now...get to work. .Delay..Obstruct..hold hearings...bring out ALL of their dirty laundry 4 the  to 
but what if what trump does works?
ThisIs aboutHis cabinet Picks beingTransparent aboutTheir resources &interests.WeNeed 2makeSure their interests... @SenWarren
HELLO. THATS WHY U HV CONFIRMATION HEARINGS. DUH   
agreed! Complete reviews on background, tax returns and 100% @OGE review. No cutting corners
like they did for Loretta lynch?
Yes. Lynch's confirmation vote was finally put to the Senate floor 4/23/15
https://www.google.com/amp/www.biography.com/.amp/people/loretta-lynch …
and she's an unmitigated disaster
dems in congress need to write up impeachment bills n get em ready to bring to senate and house floors continuously for 4 yrs.
so after 8 years of complaining about the republican obstructionism, now it's okay for dems?
GOP made the blueprint. Surely you don't expect Dems to play nice after enduring obstructionism for 8 yrs?
what was obstructed?  Name one thing.

Hope you have a coalition bc the Dems are about to be steamrolled.
About to be? The Dems are done!  They backed a loser and are no@longer relevant.
We're no longer relevant?! What does that mean?
Thought the same. Rethugs that cheat are losers. Voter suppression gave them an inch.
And Russia gave them a mile...
huh?
where are you coming from? The cabinet nominees don't need the money. You hate shines thru. You seem real NASTY now!
Do you take money from pac's? Any lobbyist fund your campaign?
like you and Hillary did filling your pockets with taxpayer dollars
not worrying about the working class to good for them
the ACA was completed behind closed doors when it was promised to be open for all to see
...Difficult.
@CiCi77  Nation faces grave danger in Trump. Legal challenges must be taken. Believe Electoral College violates equal protection.
The electoral college is in the Constitution stupid! Get informed.
@GarrettRuby 3 MILLION Americans votes didn't count. HRC WON. Electoral College Colonial rule system failed.
#I STILL FEEL HE OWES EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE BILLIONAIRE CABINET PICKS HE'S MADE. I DON'T FEEL THEY KNOW ANY REGULAR AMERICANS!
@ProgressOhio #SO WE GET A NARCISSISTIC SOCIOPATH AS POTUS AND HE PACKS HIS CABINET FULL OF BILLIONAIRES. #RELEASE THE DAMN TAXES
Senators should also be held to the same account and shouldn't lecture. Try something new and do something for ALL Americans today.
@RandPaul No more hearings without background checks. NONE.
Will you take a reality check all Trumps picks are great
Democrats do not put America first only their money
Interesting to hear this considering Dems put their self interest out there every day. Lies & fake news
Grow up, You lost!
wasnt it u and HRC who said "what kind of genius loses a billion dollars in a year?" It cost 1.2b for HRCs losing campaign HAHAHA
@maddow The problem with you people you had your way for eight years you're spoiled rotten and you need to stop with the lies
@maddow good position EW, but that will never be the case. Give us something concrete to work with.
Complying with the ethics requirements would be a good start
@maddow time for Psychological experts to be on Maddox and AMJoy and the Last Word verifying the pay ops did impact election
@maddow time to have Comey testify before Congress about his pre-election conduct #demandComeyTestify
dear biased idiot get with the program Ms obstructionist ! The people have spoken
Well, I've called and called, what else to do?
Not when Russia has your emails. You do what they want save your self the embarrassment. Do what Donald wants
2009
Thanks for this, @JohnsoRoss @SenWarren
Well, the GOP is proceeding.  Am watching Sessions make an opening statement as I write.  (But I have him on mute).
Pocahontas  speaks.
Tried calling McConnell about 20 times. No answer
Not only that, but Forbes reports that this INTERNET TROLL is picking people: http://www.forbes.com/sites/mattdrange/2017/01/09/chuck-johnson-troll-trump-transition-team/#30892ed45c12 … #Scary
#HESMYSENATOR !  Go chuck
thank you!  Keep fighting. We're with you!
Thank you for fighting for ethics & accountability! Trump talks of draining the swamp,yet he is pouring garbage in.#EthicsMatter
Right back at ya, Elizabeth Warren
Please make sure this doesn't happen without hearings.
Can you or someone else put forth something that the senate has to vote on? A resolution?
@maddow you lost, now grow up!
@maddow @SenateGOP #resist  #kleptocracy or else.
@maddow OMG reading these tweets and LMAO!!!
Press must push Trump's buttons, risk retaliation & expose incompetence. Public has no voice in this w/o press.
@maddow if the country thought in accordance with your agenda, Republicans would have lost the Senate. #keepcrying
@maddow wtf?! Lmao tell Bill and @HillaryClinton #Pocahontas - that reminds me did u lie about ur heritage for personal gain?
Agreed! Fight 'em!
@maddow Ohhhhh Pocahontas!
Maybe Warren should put our country first before her own.  Practice what she preaches
@maddow Yes!
@maddow
Bullshit/cabinet positions with Obama weR FU 2 the American people/Agency heads weaponized against the American people.
Warren, backing Obama and Clinton's Policy of arming IS and AL Qaeda is on you.
@maddow  Why isn't Mitch being called out for a conflict of interest? His wife has to submit to the ethics committee
Agree here in Tennessee!
Dream on Elizabeth. Fight them like i know you will.
they never put the people first and they never will
As you should put interest of our children ahead of UFT #UFT #SchoolChoice
How do you explain the past 8 years then???
@maddow Trump's Cabinet is a bunch of Bigots and Billionaires. Who do they represent?
Just how bad are WE going to be? IT'S REALLY VERY SCARY and he isn't President yet.
Asking in all earnest . . . what can we "regular people" do?  I call my senators/reps, not sure what else.  Thx <3
Did that include @HillaryClinton? Just checking...
Obama lacked experience and he was elected 2x Experience didn't matter to be President, but it does with an Education Secretary?
You don't and can't control any hearings. You don't have a majority in the Senate. All you have is a soapbox. Good luck with that
thank you Senator Warren
stop being a spoiled child! Get to the business at hand! Term limits will be a great idea! #whinningsenators #poutingnow

POSTPONE THEM
Jared kushner senior advisor? Anti nepotism laws? Is any democratic strong enough to stop him crapping over constitution
what do we need to do???
CAN'T STAND A BUNCH OF CRY BABIES!!!!
HOW ABOUT LICKING YOUR WOUNDS! BECAUSE YOU LOST! JUST LIKE OBAMA SAID WHEN HE WON TO THE REPUBLICANS! YOU LOST! GET OVER IT!
maybe should have set aside Obama's entire presidency? Since he just signed off on Uranium to Iran- equal to 10 nuclear bombs...
Great Job Senator, but this will be part of the destruction of our democracy until we can get all branches Democratic.
.@SenWarren agreed! We need to put patients before politics.  We're on the Hill today to make sure Congress works together!
.  Is democracy being destroyed accidentally or intentionally?
you go girl - hold out for $24 worth of beads !!!!!!
Go drink some cocoa and relax!!!!
lol....short term memory???   I recall this, and worse, happening under BHO.  We're you just as aghast then??  Doubt it.
please get off your high horse.
Oh hush up with that lie.  You guys did the same thing in 09.  You Dems are liars and hypocrits.
Should've told Hillary Clinton that. I don't think she saw the email.
U have no standing 2 lecture us on good of the country & ethical behavior, faux squaw. #Benghazi #Obamacare #FastAndFurious #IRS @SenWarren
yes yes agreed vet them thoroughly
thank you! For everything you do to protect us!
Neo-colonialism has no place in the State. Dept. The WORLD looks to the US as a moral authority and voice for the powerless!
Unbridled capitalist should NOT BE THE DEFINING characteristic of Secretary of State!  Please make this known!
WE THE PEOPLE want to see trump TAX RETURNS before the 20th EC should not have voted until they seen them, shame @ElectoralCollge
Here go Lizzy just to remind you!!!
@maddow Thank you @SenWarren for your tireless work on our behalf.  I'm proud to say I voted for you
Please stop or derail these hearings until proper vetting by the ethics office. #NeverTrump #obstruction
Keep up your strength, principles and great work!
@HillaryClinkon Saada: At least 14 dombs dropped from above 20-Jan-2016
(GRAPHIC)
#USAWeaponsKillsYemenis
#noethicsreportnoconfirmation
thank u! McConnell should be fired & put out of our misery! I challenge u all 2 live on minimum wage & the same health insurance
Right! Like you put the country first when you promoted a known security risk lik Hillary Clinton for President of the US.
I didn't see you putting forth americas interests when you shoved obamas agenda and cabinet down our throats,
funny u lied abt ur ethnicity saying u were the great granddaughter of Pocahontas costing more qualified to lose the opportunity
try the same thing on yourself !!!!
Too much at stake;too many skeletons;too many ties to foreign interests;too much bigotry and racism. No Vetting
Ask nominees if they are aware of connections btw Trump campaign and Russia
#NoVetNoVote
Let Mitch McConnell listen to himself:  nominee "financial disclosures must be complete... prior 2hearing being scheduled."
Yesterday @KellyannePolls said she is NOT vetted, her background check for clearance is not done. #DirtyDonny @realDonaldTrump
Absolutely correct Sen-Warren. Trump fast making Washington into a sewer of Bannon philosophies. Bannon is the defacto president.
thanks for all efforts to keep the issue up front. Called McConnell. Too many calls to answer!
I don't think he shouldn't be sworn in. I believe he is too dangerous.
Why can't under dier circements have another vote?
decaf
shoe is on the other foot....right
@SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris @RepJudyChu I hope CA takes a strong stand for ethics in these hearings like @SenWarren does.
We MUST, MUST, MUST say NO to Jeff Sessions!!!!
obstruct obstruct and obstruct!! When your done obstructing, block block and block some more.  trump / gop deserve NO QUARTER!!!
how about dual citizenships of current and future elected or appointed officials. Research this please!
@SenatorMenendez @CoryBooker @SenStabenow make sure Black Water ties are exposed. DeVos is part of the illegal privatize movement
don't worry Liz, its part of making America great again !! Just have a seat and watch a REAL LEADER
@CoryBooker @SenatorMenendez I expect NJ senators to devise an action plan to ensure our democracy is safe from special interests
Nor presidential elections...  #US2HighestBidder
Oh if only. Bad behavior and what appears to be selfish brats with no abilities to even understand how?
how to do a job or understand what that means.
@maddow if they agreed to take the job I think the will put America first and you shouldn't get in the way
.@SenWarren Yes! McConnell demanded such courtesy in 2009. He's getting senile in his old age.
Absolutely not!  Thank you for standing strong on this!
Thank you for holding their feet to the fire. Americans should NOT have to worry about our govt's integrity.
All your earlier politicians put their interest first.
Can we have ethics hearing on your actual Native American heritage? Got DNA proof? Please step aside, let the people's gov. work.
funny there were no complaints ftim libs when Obama Care was implemented without One Republican representing My interest
You are not placing our country before your own agenda which is stirring up trouble. Resign you seat to someone that cares.
goofy
@Salvato18946554 @SenWarren Magari!!
