Comment on the rapes in Germany....no no. Liberalism is a mental disorder
what is Congress doing to stop this maniac?
Same deal Americans have made with DJT.
the best way to appreciate freedom is not to have it. Keep up the good fight we are  counting on you
Really you seen them, but yet keep your millions to yourself and have no proof of sponsoring any refugee personally? Trash!
Read Robert Spencer's book "The Truth About Muhammad," to learn what a violent psychopath Mo really was!
Uhm...they should build a better boat, or stay home and fight for their freedom. Not our problem.
please stop him
Help us make sure the conversation @Potus has with Putin tomorrow is live broadcast! No way Trump can be trusted with Russia!

Look at all that empty red land!
And that land belongs to American citizens like me.  Or do you expect me to give it away?
Literally no one has ever asked anyone to give away America. Come back to reality.
OK then what does it mean when you say all the open land in red states?  And don't insinuate I am out of touch I didn't attack you.
I mean that relative to the blue counties no one lives there. That a map of area no way matches a map of population.
the founders built a firewall to prevent mobs of parasite trash from electing criminals. It worked perfectly again.
LOOK around in this country, American people suffering as well, what about US, why are we not worthy of your support and help?
did you see that, while hallucinating in a sweat lodge, on the reservation,  Pocohontas?
I love & appreciate u but we the people want impeachment proceedings to begin! And NO EXCUSES for voting 4 his nominees please.
what are u? You are an example why there needs 2 be term limits u remind me of a pit bull w/o lip stick
@crazyhorse2126 The boat my ancestors came on not by choice killed many they make the choice 2 take the risk
this from a woman who lied about her heritage to get a better job
And thats our problem? No I don't think so.
as a former ESL teacher, I've heard stories of escape in the night, family separated. American's: envision that reality...
they all have life jackets on.I guess you must not know this
I feel my ancestors' tears - they crossed from Armenia during the Genocide. Thanks for all you are doing! (Loved your book, btw.)
we're a country of legal immigrants, just as we're a country of legal gun owners, even though there are a myriad of regs. on guns
Why did you vote yes for Tillerson???  Wtf???
USA needs to be free of globalist deep state control. Holes in "New Zealand" will not be a hiding place. Immigrants can wait.
U. R such s hypocrite! How about people fleeing Cuban oppression who have 2b retd based on BO last min deal? @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
There's a big difference between people escaping communism from those that want to come here and don't want to wait in line
please fight for our values and rights. You guys are all we have. Let's get these bullies out of the office.
Warren you practice Marxism and for that you can be jailed and or DEPORTED!
Immigration forced or other wise is not a right, idiot!
Quit preaching,start helping out of your pocket...or respectfully SHUT UP
Did you see the 506 drone strikes ordered by Obama (most ever) that killed 36 civilians too?
#FakeOutrage
2bring undocumented peeps frm a war torn region (dispersing DUE2our involvement)-shes either retarded or wrkn 4 sorros.
admitdly most have no id or papers/"news" wants u2 believe we need strictr gun laws BCUZ of "terror shootins"& they want US toPAY
Maybe The Obama Administration shouldn't have created the Refugee Apocalypse then!
a million miles AWAY frm their home(knowin they're nvr going back) wen we can see the  problms it's caused Europe.
Why is @SenWarren tryin so hard2paint a picture 2pull ur emotional triggers2suport usin UR $for "setlemnt packages" to fly&house ppl frm /1
just unpacked her adjectives.
Why did you not protest Obamas one foot dry policy change 4 Cubans - was it because they had better rafts? "that's why the Lady is a tramp!"
I saw all the bloody and dead bodies in all the Muslim terror attacks too. I still hear the mourning of their families.
yes Senator, they're trying to escape the types of policies you (and people like you) wish to inflict on us. #SocialismSucks
Congress needs to ACT right Now! We Demand it #StopTrump #Resistance
Sounds as if you are trying to write a novel. Where's the disclosure on your $1.4million bank loan witchy woman?
Why don't you start thinking about Americans for a change and how to help US for once
what are you and other opposition doing?  I'm disappointed.
With a hope and a prayer to a Muslim god that would have an infidel like you beheaded Elizabeth Warren.
why don't you give them your own money to help them then
have you seen night clubs and theaters strewn with dead bodies from guns and bombs used by radical Islamist terrorists?
All the men ran out and left the women and children. Dirtbags. Ran like Jihadists.
there's 2.5 million homeless children in the US. You spent taxpayer money that should've stayed here for our children.

why don't you give them some of your MILLIONS THEN BIG MOUTH??
What--r u  a  or r u starting a religious tv prgrm 2 ask 4 $?  Yes spend 󾓦 dollars 2 set these ppl up N THEIR OWN LAND!
how many refugees are you adopting to your home Pocahontas?
says the millionaire senator with great healthcare (not Obamacare) who lives in a mansion
why don't you promote them to FIX THEIR OWN COUNTRIES? Why do we send $$ to dictators? We fund the terrorism when not accountable
why don't they turn around and fight for their own country?
When  we have another terrorist attack you'll be THE FIRST TO BLAME PRESIDENT TRUMP!! CAN IT!!
give them your money .!!!!
@kopp_shannon hate rocky sea
#ImpeachTrump NOW! Emoluments & Nepotism violations. #Treasonous collusion with Russia. #illegimate #Traitor
//We regularly interdicted such in Caribbean. Those fleeing Obama's Cuba. The dictatorship there, if u'll recall.
paper thin?
Did you see that and did you open your doors to them? Yeah, that's what I thought. Hypocrite.
@SDSunchaser You people in Congress have to give hell to this insane dictator...ENOUGH WITH APOLOGIES to this destroyer
Tweeting doesn't do a thing
LEGALLY! They can come, but they must come LEGALLY! #MAGA #Trump #PSU
@MeMySylvanEye 
Trump says we don't want them.
#pocahontas@SenWarren
and what about catholic people in Syria or Muslim countries? Do they care about their peers? Not at all!
From Cuba?
Really? Was Ben Carson with you, and did you tell him then that you would not prevent him from getting the HUD appointment?
I feel betrayed by u, thought u stand w/ us against the Fascist. Ur speeches at clinton rallies were fake & lies.
rafts like Cubans coming for political asylum.
Obamas EO bars Cuba escapee entrance to US since they're
Most likely Christians
my Uncle tried 2 get into USA & was turned away because he had a limp He was killed by Hitler in Prague..I still say No 2 radical
slaves were packed as sardines by the millions made 2 lay on their backs 2 travel across seas,no tears 4 them
We are a country of LEGAL immigrants, don't confuse the two.
Repeat after me:
1-legal immigrants
2-illegal aliens
Don't try to use fact and reason with fauxahauntas,,
You'll confuse her,,
@ajmg__ People will take that risk but trump thinks his wall will stop people. The Med is a lot bigger than a wall.
Terrible. Let's eliminate the magnet.  No amnesty, rescind birthright citizenship.
Lizzy just the opposite. Letting them is a betrayal of America safety. wake up you are ignorant jeez Hillary's loss has destroyed your mind
adjectives like Choppy & Rocky don't guilt me. We need to take care of US first.
get the message that your side lost, your politicians lost, because you've ignored the Americans and took care of others b4 us
If you want to live in a country that embraces islamisation, I hear Germany would be perfect for you.
I did too and I stood on the beach and told them to turn around
Why don't you join them
Well next time take the return trip!
fascist propaganda
Think you missed your boat. Stop with the heart string hypocrisy.
What was that the name, the USS Future Democrats? Bond voyage.
Please do more. Tweeting doesn't matter to them. It's time to file lawsuits to stop POTUS' madness.
and he signed this on Holocaust Memorial Day! Shameful human being
we critical thinkers who are not The Cult of Trump know it's what our country stands upon. If it's not Muslim, it's Mexicans .
they need to stay where they belong.  America needs to be America.
the seas aren't rocky. They are wavy. Shorelines can be rocky but the Gulf Coast isn't. Basic earthscience.
don't you get we tired of supporting these people.
thank you for the reality check.  We can't turn our backs... This is still happening.
there's easy and more durable way to find flotation we should give info for, world is awash in platic bottles that don't pop!!!
ironic people die getting here, being that it's such a terrible racist, misogynist, homophobe, unfair country #amirite
Stop speaking like a predator on naive human emotion, it's disgusting.  Who are you really trying to help here Elizabeth?
Breaks your heart to see the journey they undertake!
in search of the AMERICAN Dream! #FREEDOM
Y don't U spend some of your $$M, Get them a yacht/have them move in with you! I only hear your whining! Don't C U taking any!
trump is a disgusting human being
I appreciate what you're conveying but could you get your head back over here. We've got a shit storm of trouble brewing.
Well la de da. You charge students thousands of $$$ to listen to your lectures, so tell me @SenWarren, WHAT would you know about suffering??
what this idiot we call our POTUS is doing is horrible!
U act like we did it??
heart breaking here. POTUS lacks compassion, humanity.

where's the compassion? they only play on fear for us to go along with GOP
you voted for Ben Carson...
Nothing else will bring back your integrity
The people see the jackass that you're going to ride off on when your not re-elected too....
World suffering is agony, but America is drowning just trying to save our own!  Look at our inner cites, crime, poverty! first
no joy
So why would you vote for any asshole that supports him in any way shape or form. Not trying to beat a dead horse but please
please have these illegals come in Legally it's not fair for the taxpayer to pay for everyone
http://www.onevoicecommunity.org/featured/an-artful-response-refugee-aid/ …
We're still the greatest country on Earth ppl die every day trying to get here in anyway they can.
- your party caused it
let them go back and fix their own country. Just because they tried does not give them the right. Warren you reprint USA citizens
not our problem let's take care of our homeless first
you've never prayed a day in your life Geronimo.
How about what Obama did to the Cuban people what he did to the Cuban refugees. You don't speak about that because they vote republican
So sad. And today is a sad day as well.
Hope is sometimes all people have
We encourage U READ http://www.GETAnalysis.ca : Tarnished Knight Riding a Broken Nag – To Rescue of Unbroken
what the hell are you still doing in the US GET THE FUC* OUT OF THE US. YOU SHOULD BE STRIPPED OF YOUR US CITIZEN-SHIP
YOU gave them the idea that of they make it here they can stay soooo... pretty much your fault
It's important for the Republicans that aren't standing up to Trump that midterm elections will be facing them soon enough...
And I see homeless US veterans,
you're a phony and a fraud.
When are you gonna go after W.V. Gov.? For his millions in fines and businesses he owns while in OFFICE? Hmm Double standard?
Pocahontas?
I saw the shoddy, paper thin resistance that Senate Democrats put up when authoritarian fascism came to the USA. Disappointing.
.@SenWarren So why did you support Pres Obama's end to Cuban wet foot, dry foot? Those people will be tortured when sent back
a bit like the hope we're pinning on Democrats to oppose Trump's unqualified nominees I expect.
Me too. I live in San Diego.
Care to name the manufacturer of "paper thin rubber rafts" you personally saw?   I bet you can't!  There is no such thing. Liar.
Why r u voting 4 his cabinet picks? Did u forget what he did 2 u and Obama and all the other smarter than Trump Dems
she never claimed heritage on any kind of application. Her employer heard about it and touted it on their own to advertise.


wut
what did BLOTUS sign today ??
where? In ma? No? Then we don't give a fuck.
but yeah keep trying to work with him
trump is a chump
Conway just said they aren’t releasing the text of the orders today. How is this a democracy?
democracy that @POTUS won electoral votes - the country has spoken! What he does is what we the people want!
wrong. What Russia and racists want. He lost the popular vote. You just can't count.
