Democrats join Wall Street CEOs in defending #DoddFrank. http://bit.ly/2qmxavg  
.@RepHensarling spent yrs trying to kill fin reform, but he says his bill to destroy it actually PROTECTS consumers & FIGHTS Wall St. Huh?!
The @CFPB forced banks to return $12B to consumers they cheated. But @RepHensarling says Wall Street HATES his plan to kill CFPB. What?!
.@RepHensarling even says Wall Street CEOs LOVE Dodd-Frank and that I'm their ally. Ask the ex-CEO of Wells Fargo about that.
Hey @RepHensarling: "I know you are but what am I" doesn't work with adults. Americans oppose your plan to gut Wall Street reform.
CALL out REPUBLICANS don't hurt President Obama he took enough s*** for eight years, Bernie lost black people with his primary hate for him
Oooooo OBAMA is a private citizen now. Who pays his taxes.
It's amazing how some of these people are trying to equate President Obama with trash Trump
So true. 🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒
Can you guys please just come together and do what is best for the American people? We are TIRED of the fighting on BOTH sides. Just fix it!
Call them out but all of WS is in the WH AND u complain abt PBO he still have, his value let him make as much as he can. Watch 45& Russia.
I'm not happy w/you right now after the Obama remark, and is this going to be all about parties or getting the lunatic out of ofc?
Funny how you allowed big bank take over of smaller banks and the bailed them out of a problem you caused! Don't play games!
Sen.Warren, why is steven mnuchin who ran THE fraudulent mortgage mill that almost tanked the U.S. Economy making decisions for U.S. ?
There is & never has been a legislative action that actually held fin firms accountable. $ laundering, TARP, LIBOR/ICAP/ISDAfix ring a bell?
Wall St. is doing great. It does not need more government regulations that hinder economic growth.
you and Hillary had your chance for reform on Wall Street. Now we see your Obama taking 400k from your friends.

SenW, you concentrated wealth in the largest banks to make political control easier.  Mgrs at 5 largest bow down to Wash control.  Immoral!
When he calls you #Pocahontas call him #DoNothingDonald
Really? You must like all that nastiness or you would've backed Bernie. His betrayal of us is YOUR FAULT Liz. How's that feel?

@FinancialCmtei am calling YOU out. PAY BACK the $$ yu STOLE by LYING about Cherokee heritage.
Did someone say wall?
holding Wall St accountable? How about selling your house and giving the money to me? You're a kook.
please stop  posturing for Democrats votes and fake news go trump administration
That's all ur good 4 Warren, wagging ur finger & trolling Twitter; When it came 2 making an ACTUAL stand 4 Progressives U ran 2 the MONEY
Where were U at #NoDAPL when PEACEFUL Protestors were assaulted & maimed? Women's March? $15 Min Wage? Uni Healthcare? Tuition Free? WHERE?!
No free lunch anymore Liz. Not even for your voting base.
You complain about Trump tweet and you send fake news using tweets
They must be getting desparate. They keep it up & it's going to be easy to flip their states. We should thank them for being such defuses.
Fin reform? Is that like for fish or something?
blah, blah, blah
We know exactly what it does & why Ur redirecting away from Urself!
Americans are weary of Liz talking but doing nothing to put Americans FIRST, please more work less talk
You (Obama administration) had a chance to put them in jail, had a chance to make reforms and instead they got bonuses while we suffered
Keep standing up for little guy no matter how many names you are called.  Remember name calling shows certain deficits of character.
LIAR!!!
.@SenWarren @HouseGOP It's not that Pocahontas. It's just no one takes you seriously.
.@HouseGOP don't like me calling them out, so now they want you to think their plan to gut fin reform actually holds Wall St accountable! https://twitter.com/FinancialCmte/status/857947538120429569 …
@FinancialCmte why in the hell Barack shouldn't get paid is it cuz he black #getyoursbro
How are book sales??
Elizabeth Warren makes Maxine Watters sound like a genius
Speak to people in the industry u might learn something. Banks have over 1000 emp just o get through the regs. Waste of moneyb
Obama $400k from Wall Street!
It’s you and Wall Street that want to keep #DoddFrank in place. The #CHOICEact is supported by community banks and credit unions.




Repubs have been stealing from the workers since the 1920's.
Not to mention the Freedom Caucus likes the "new" healthcare bill that strips pre-existing condition protection!
Will you please shut-up Pocahontas
Thank you for protecting us.  Dodd Frank is in place for a reason, not for treason.
Liz, he's a private citizen now.
They need to reinstate Glass-Steagall before the US is sold to the highest bidder.
The Supreme Court failed this country when they approved politicians to lie all they want with no repercussions.
@FinancialCmte That's complete BS from these disgraceful stooges.2018 is around the corner & will lose their seats
@FinancialCmte where's the dems out rage at these thugs trying 2 silence free speech!
Gee, ? senator allegedly met with Soros and big Wall Street bankers in DC hotel to strategize taking down Trump? That would B U HYPOCRITE
Actually I don't think they give a poop.
Mercers are part of the Koch political network; hell, key Republican members of Congress are part of the Kochtopus
Who do you think put the idea to run into Trump's head.  Koch, Mercer's or Putin?
No, they just hate your whining, hysterical, screech-fest, as the rest of us do.
Try giving a speech that isn't packed with sycophants.
Hensarling believes U.S. citizens too dumb to understand fin reform We're not! + have reps like EW who REALLY want to protect us not big biz
Thank God Obozo isholding Wall Street accountable charging 400k a speech but that's nothing compared to what Hilliar got Racist White Wall.
Do you understand anything your talking about dizzy lizzy?
You and you snow flakes are pitiful
EW You speak with forked tongue!
Constant complainer!  Did you bother to read it?  You must have mental talepathy because details are forthcoming.
Tough talk from Fauxahantas, top-squaw from the Hypocrite nation. . 
Keep defending it @SenWarren! Never stop and let's get these jerks out of office!
Or the Banker who siphons off a cut to respective of performance.
Republicans tell us that is government overreach. So I ask, who is the government supposed to protect? The customer who expected returns..
About the only thing accomplished is additional regulations that only the big banks can afford to implement.  Way to squash community banks!
Yeah that is what this about. Not ways for bank CEOs to make billions in bonuses on derivatives and other 3 card monte shit at our expense
It is important that Americans are reminded that requiring investors to rioritse customer interest over profits is a no brained....
Is #SimpsonBowles still relevant? And, why no push for #GlassSteagall redux? At least force issue to forefront.
I believe nothing that comes out of a Republicans mouth after the last year.
Both parties have insiders aligned w wallstreet. Don't shift blame both parties are guilty. Time to #votefreedomcaucus
We MUST get off the sofa and VOTE in 2018!!!
Democrats hate wallstreet unless they are getting paid $800k for closed door speeches unbelievable liars
They really do think that the US pop is as dumb as our president... oh wait. Maybe we are...ugh How depressing.
Don't let Ryan/Trump get away with anything!
Keep Calling them out Elizabeth!!!
Idiot!!!!
Under Obama, the 1% got even richer.  Not once, not ever, did you say a damn word.  U chose party over what is right. #GarbagePolitics
@FinancialCmte Please, keep their rotten feet to the fire!! It up to you, our only good ce in the rotten congress!!
it's been 9 yrs since melt down,they want to give it another shot.
Terry.  Blubough blubaugh tried to murder us green car on snoop video here in 441 three times int 4
The @HouseGOP is not fooling us - on anything. Keep it up @SenWarren !
This is where THE ANTI TRUMP VIRUS MOVEMENT LIVES! & I hope DIS is Russian interference with my news, that U ain't in Obama pers biz?STOP IT
Financial CHOICE TO GET SWINDLED Act. From what depths do they find the hubris to name these acts as they do?
I would like to take this opportunity to thank all those trump voters for screwing America with a well earned FINGER!!!
Your welcome snow flake, after eight years of him being our POTUS and he fixes everything the Obama administration screwed up you will see.
Your support of Dodd-Frank reduced competition & erected barriers to entry. All you did was establish & reinforce larger bank monopolies.
Oh Pocahontas   TSK TSK TSK
KEEP KICK'IN Miss Warren! That Wall of Jericho will FALL!
Keep standing up for us. Senator. We need you!
Did you really clam to be a Native American to get into Harvard, that is so cleaver. LOL 
She will make the claim she is Afro American now
No they are used to your shrillness combined with hollow talking points.
I'm asking for your help in. Gods name only because it's. Wrong because it doesn't affect me any!
Ingress obfuscates so much. Please don't refer to "a plan" "hold accountable." You'll need to be specific so we can support if we agree.
*Congress
Please stop worrying about how much money former president Obama is making.
I second that. Looks like you have bigger fish to fry.
I doubt they really care what you do
I think I trust you on this @SenWarren not @GOP or @SpeakerRyan
Keep going senator you are the woman to harangue the ignorant mob into some sort of pragmatic way forward 
Get em Liz! #NoBullshit
I won't believe me but I swear I was just going to you. Omg
Don't let them kill Bank regs. My retirement account can't stand another 2008. Capital & liquidity adequacy key metrics as is oversight.
But our president loves when you call Obama out so maybe hold off on that for now.
hihowareya-hihowareya-hihowareya...
