@morningmika Who cares we are deeply upset that crooks like you are trying to ruin this country!
I think if Sen. Warren would calm down when she speaks more people would listen to her wisdom and not aggression.
please consider a run for President in 2020.
oh please. She would have to cheat like Hillary. She already did claiming was part Indian to get reekected
@morningmika sure because ur against what's right and good. Ur used to liars like HRC and Janet Lynch
Most of the U.S. population is disappointed in U, Princess Pocahontas!
You'll be a'ight
I agree!
I'm deeply disappointed with the Senate in general. Those Tea Party hacks who call themselves Republicans are an embarrassment.
The GOP began its downward slide when it absorbed the Dixiecrats and then the Tea Party...just for starters.
How do you know when your views are stupid? When white supremacists are applauding, that's a clue.
You are a complete disappointment to the Democratic Party. You need to check your facts before attack if people
she attacks anyone associated with P Trump. Must be blind and stupid sticks at anything
Well, the Nazis are thrilled.
haha yeah we're all Nazi's but you.. righttt
I mean, you're the one who identifies himself with the 50% of people labeled as racists, so yeah, you kinda are.
certainly takes one to know one. Are you related to waters from calif
I'm deeply disappointed that Massachusetts voted in a GOOFY DINGBAT for a Senator!
@morningmika American Indians are disappointed with your fraudulent heritage claims to advance your career. @gehrig38
took lying lessons from Hillary bill and brack
You are so tied with @GeorgeSoros its pathetic!!!!! @morningmika
Same. You have an army of women who are grateful for your persistence. I am part of it. Keep resisting for us!
there ya go only women no men
Boo Hoo
You're not alone. Thank you for all your efforts, Senator Warren.So proud to have you as my Senator.  
another one for you to takecto mexico
@morningmika  Thanks  to Joe mancian
you poor baby. You and waters need to retire to Mexico. You want be bothered down there by trump
@morningmika You'll get over it.
@alan_hawk62 I was thrilled!
Until the Dem Party starts gaining back seats & offices, at both the Fed & local level, it's nearly powerless. @chickilopiccolo
Two immediate needs: grass-roots organization & fighting like hell against efforts at voter suppression.
demos are the only ones suppressing voters.
I am deeply disappointed that Warren is still around. Instead of working with she works against the people & nation.
keep fighting for us, Elizabeth.  WE STAND BEHIND YOU and THANK YOU for defending the constitution.

I guess they think money talks.  oh wait, for the GOP and current "IT" in the WH, it does! my tax dollars. 
Good grief, I thought hillary's screeching was bad, but now this!

Last week, #SallyYates was silenced.
This week, #ElizabethWarren

#LetLizSpeak #CorettaScottKing …
could not have happened to a better person
We are with you, Elizabeth! #Warren2020
you sure aren't with much. Thinks Obama was good. Hillary would have been 4 more years of him.
awwww your breaking my heart #fauxcohontas  need a cookie? A safe space? 
The safe space shit is boring and inaccurate. Trumpers cry at everything. So does he, the tantrumming child.
must be following lead of the democrats who have been protesting for 3 months to no avail
@mcspocky can you let @Sen_JoeManchin that a Spencer moment for him wouldn't make us unhappy? #JeffSessions #joemanchin
Elizabeth Warren...you should have went on the WARPATH and did your Fauxahontas dance. I can hear the drums beating!
@morningmika CRY ME A RIVER!!!! 
@morningmika I'm deeply disappointed that you are still in office
Go on warpath against evil republicans Lieawatha.
bad but just think how you'd feel if you were black.
Senator Warren what do we the people need to do? What power do we the people really have?
So what, your party rammed a lot of nominees we didn't like down our throats, what goes around comes around!
@morningmika prob not as disappointed as the Indians u falsely represented. Fradahauntas. Warren out in 2018, u have lost ur mind
Liz, you should be worried, you aren't innocent you should worry
I am too disappointed.
and we are really disappointed on you that you didn't want confirm Jeff sessions, because of your political views, a good man
@morningmika 
Get over it and Shut up! 22 years I serve USA, under weak and timet leadership its time we had a leader with BALLS!
And I'm so happy for him
Because your race-bating failed and you will lose all your illegal voters.
we are so happy.
your deeply outa touch and deeply disturbed!
--  I am deeply disappointed that the people of Massachusetts voted you into the Senate. Multimillionaire hypocrite!
@morningmika run Pocahontas run
thanks for all your work Senator Warren, I stand with you.
Lots of tweets. Solving nothing.
put a sock in it pocahontas
You can crap in one hand and be disappointed in the other... tell me which one fills up first???  #Pocahontas
I'm very disappointed that you won't just SHUT UP!
your a HATER !!
of course you are....you anarchist...
@Solutioneer72 You and me both sister.
I'm deeply disappointed you're in government at all.
The REAL power of Twitter can only resolve, when one blocks Marxist Feminist NOISE!  With them silenced, communication emerges.
I'm deeply disappointed that you liberals can't work WITH our President instead of whining and rioting.  So sad to be you.
I'm deeply disappointed that the people of Mass. would elect such a whack job to the Senate.  Dems are party of division.
You lied about being Native American.  You have flawed  judgement as you have proven to be dishonest and untrustworthy.
We just had 8 years of deeply racist AGs, where were you then you incompetent, partisan hack?
So am I!
Get used to disappointment.
who isn't? Another deplorable in the cabinet
so much for working together...you'd have a problem with anyone and everyone he picked...Jesus, Pope, or Dalai Lama 
I'm deeply disappointed you havent been voted out.
#bernieWouldHaveWon
How dare the Senate confirm a presidential nominee.
A lot of us are as well. Keep fighting the injustice Senator Warren, thank you.
We are deeply disappointed that you are EVEN THERE to be deeply disappointed that the Senate voted to confirm Jeff Sessions.
@morningmika No Warren isn't sorry. Sick stunt to help sell her new book and race bait- Disgusting!
I'm more disappointed that they didn't muzzle you again, Fauxcahontas.
hold the AG and every one of those cabinet members accountable at every turn ... so scary
I am deeply disappointed in you saying your part indian and your not
@morningmika - cry Pocahontas. Still unbelievable that you claimed Native American to cheat scholarship at Harvard.  1/30.. shit
pocahontas suxs
Get used to losing, like you said THIS IS ONLY THE BEGINNING
nice way to plant your feet for the 2020.Scam the $$$$ while you can, it will not end well, just like for your "crooked" friend
aren't we all but we will #persist. We will #resist.
I am deeply disappointed I am from Massachusetts when listening to you yak!!!!!
Lady I think you've gone over the top!
SHUT UP WARREN
she got shut down did you see that!!
she's about to get fired! I'm fired up thou! Senator warden for pres!
- we may have lost this battle but we'll win the war.
I was thrilled beyond the pale that he was confirmed.  He deserves to be the Attorney General and you deserve to go home and hush
bethy, bethy, bethy we're disappointed in everything you do
November 7th kind of disappointment? #YaCantAlwaysGetWhatYaWant
@ThomasJ17762016 That's OK....he will probably go to jail.
same here thank you for fighting for us!
I'm wondering how you're still in the Senate, you in impersonated a Native American and got away with it.
What kind of America is it? A Senator cannot exercise the right of free speech.  If they do this to YOU when will it be everyone?
I'm deeply disappointed that your still an elected official.
I'm deeply disappointed that the people of Massachusetts voted you as senator.  It just might not happen next time around!
you are a fraud and The American people can see through your none Cherokee  lying eyes- YOU are the worst America has to offer
boo hoo  #sarcastic
With the charlatan @GOP n control, it was expected. There is no end to the depravity of that crowd. #9thCircuitMayHelp
I'm deeply disapointed that you are a Senator. #Pocahontas
Deeply disappointed, deeply concerned, 
deeply worried, deeply alarmed? 
No but deeply annoyed, BORED hearing DEMS whinging !!
fu pocahontas
aaaahhhhhh poor baby
I'm deeply concerned that the residents of Massachusetts elected you Senator.
so how do we fix it?
This republican led senate is an embarrassment to us all
please just attempt to act like an adult for a while.
Oh boo hoo!
me too!
retire already
sorry snowflake.  Jeff Sessions is our AG.  He will make a great Attorney General...
stay nasty keep losing
you used much nicer words than I did when I found out.
Who cares what you are?!
me too
after we impeach trump, we can really "drain the swamp!"
so are millions of others. Thank you for all your efforts.
disappointed your are a Senator
So is the majority of Americans. Three million More!
We figured you'd be upset. It's over, move on.
Loved your performance on the Senate floor! #ShePersisted
this whole administration is upsetting.
I'm deeply disappointed that there that many Americans who would vote to send you to tarnish Congress.
TOUGH
well, I'm behind you and I know others are as well.  We are the majority.  Thank you for fighting for us.
I am deeply disappointed that they shut you down. You are awesome and thank you for fighting for us!
Please congratulate Atty. Sessions for me, as he seems to be a better lawyer than Clintons in his State!
Keep baking #goofus cookies sad old mama #MAGA #MAGAXXL #KEK
I believe Pres Reagan had better thoughts, ideas, and fond regard for our true Americans than your letter.
I'm deeply disappointed in the republicans and their leaders
As am I!
then you guys should get onboard...cuz you won't get anything passed if you don't!
deeply disappointed that a Indian elected for now . How about donating that $300'000 teaching fee for one course to charity
Disgraceful that not a single republican had the courage to vote against that racist.  Thank you for your tireless efforts.
I'm not. If you are against it, it was the right thing to do.
you should talk to King family they  they are calling you a race baiter & are angry about you using their family for your agenda
Many thanks for fighting the good fight. It means the world to those of us far from DC.
You may be Disappointed But (We The People) Are Not .
Really? What part of, "your party lost" can't a Rutgers graduate grasp?
Get over it crybaby.
we all are Senator but thank you for giving it your all..
You, we are too! Why are all the Republicans following trump around like a puppy.
@morningmika YOU!  It's embarrassing for this country to have such a well-documented racist heading up to the AG office. WE HURT
why? he's a good man
why isn't kellyanne being fired... period??
aren't you the racist white woman faking native American status? Lol
Keep up the good fight, Senator! We need you.
We the people are glad he got nominated and they shut u up!
LIAR!!! Lied about your race so you could go to Harvard. Pathetic individual who is poisoning the Senate. GO HOME, Pocahontas!
we are too. Persistence. Carry on!
I would like to applaud you for being persistent and standing for what is right and true!
We all are
Sadly, the fix was in for all candidates before the hurried hearings were even started. He only hired the rich and crazy. 
You r shameful to America and the senate. Shame on you!!!!!!
clearly you were outnumbered so move on.
Where was your dang concern when Lynch met with Clinton on the tarmac privately while his wife was under FBI investigation?
As are many of us disappointed also. But your actions are what we need now so screw McConnell. In Trumpistan no uppity women?
me too 
I'm deeply disappointed that people think a loon such as yourself has critical thinking skills. #fauxcahontas
Go back to Mass and find the highest bridge you can find....and jump off of it!

Im deeply disappointed in U!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
