Read my @BostonGlobe op-ed about how we fought for a conflict of interest rule for retirement advisers, & won.
Save? I own a successful small business - I get killed on taxes every year, cost of living exp. wish I could save.
Which is why Democrats want tax reform that puts the finger on CORPORATIONS not small businesses.
I know rich who earned their fortune off financial betting who say what they do shd be heavily taxed or outlawed, esp for banks betting
You could always choose to put your money with a fiduciary regardless of if government mandates it...
But if you're not familiar with those procedures, it's easy to be misled by sales pitches. They don't teach this stuff in high school.
They probably should. Not sure why basic personal finance isn't a HS graduation requirement. More useful than required art classes.
Well until it is, people shouldn't be hoodwinked out of their life savings because they never had the chance to be educated about it.
Adding laws/reg that make it harder for people to give advice is silly though. Rather just require non fiduciaries to disclose they aren't.
I may be mistaken, but I believe that particular aspect is one of the things targeted to be repealed.
Haven't looked into it. Just speaking to her constant shtick on the useless CFPB and how she's for families and blah blah
Being a supporter of forced non-fiduciary disclosure, i take the tweet at face value. People should be given the OPTION to take risks.
Why isn't working for the client's interest the FIRST rule of financial advising??
Because they aren't Fiduciaries. Democrats tried to make a law saying that people would have to identify themselves as Fiduciaries or not.
So they're skating on a technicality. Yeah--those are people you want handling your money, right?
Fiduciaries are legally compelled to act in your best interests. Democrats want everyone to know before making decisions.
"saving for retirement" and "financial advisor" aren't even in my lexicon.
Bro, do you even chronic illness?
I blocked him, so I'm sure he didn't see the thread. I am not in the mood to argue with some guy who wants to tell me how easy saving is
You blocked him just for that? Lol
Old people have no time to entertain young people's BS on Twitter. *blocks everyone*
There are commission based financial advisors and salary based ones. Do your homework before giving your money to a "trusted" advisor
Dear miss warren i have a very important we need. All our elect offical too work altogether to get something done CM
Btw..as you can imagine, I've had better luck with salary based financial advisors than with commission based ones.
thank you for fighting for the average American. GOP sure isn't.

 #PutinsGOP #GOPcoup #GOPdeathSpiral #Trumprussia
Those of you that have enough money to afford or need a financial adviser !!! Definitley out of Tune with the average working American !!!
Republicans don't care! Their main focus is tax breaks for the wealthy.Their msg for the middle class/working poor is "LET THEM EAT CAKE"!
Do you ever stop pandering?
U don't have to save u have stole and took money from hillary
Do  not trust a banker if you do their will be nobody to blame but yourself second time the colapse happens!!...you know it coming
A reminder that the term "financial advisor" can be •anyone•. They do not need any special certification or qualifications.
yah bc paying into SS was BS!! U people squandered our money!!!!
It's going to take trumps voters getting hammered by a crooked bank to finally see the light ....my advice pay your house off free and cleat
Retire and I'll set up a go fund me page just for you
You won't have any trouble with retirement with the crooked real estate deals you pull
You are washed up. Move on to something else. Join the lesbian movement and try to screw there lives up instead of normal peoples lives.
Why would that matter?If U or Bernie  had any say, everything would be free! Ppl would pay 80% taxes, so there wouldn't B any money 2 save
Always assume your advisor is working for his interests first
And always ask this important question: are you a Fiduciary?
You will have to bet he will not lie. Good ones don't.Too many do because they can get away with it
Boop beep, SSI is a ponzi scheme and the Federal Reserve devalues savings.
Who can save for retirement when we have to pay for our shitty health care that has gone up dramatically every year.
Please run for president in 2020
Pales to Dems looking to take their money to give their "fair share" to deadbeats that expect to be supported.
Unless they're in the automotive industry, where you actively try and screw them any chance you get.
I am sure with your Gov. salary u won't have that problem.. But if you do maybe Bernie can let you live in 1 of his 3 houses...
Wow...i cannot believe you tweeted That!
Look in the mirror much?
Warren. Your retirement is safe. Congress guarantees it. And the $$$$$ u get from the University. U r hypocrite Pocahontas.
Financial advisors and the "hidden" fees (listed the prospectus) aren't why people don't have money to retire. Low wages are the issue.
Lizzy, just fire your advisor! It's not that hard to figure out!!
Ya you should not talk about retirement you stole money from tax payers and now costing us more because of your going after trump sick
HEY! That's just like the majority of Americans wonder if members of Congress have our best interest in mind!
Or they can flip houses from bankrupt citizens as you have done Madam
They've made it clear that they don't
That's definitely not you!
Trumpcare is the thing that will steal my retirement and I'm not wealthy!
dol plan best intentions, very negative effect. Good for lawyers.
That is why Pres. Trump has lowest unemployment in years, OBOZO had nothing to do with those numbers, did u check ur portfolio lately?
dol ruling only good for attorneys. Will ultimately drive small savers to diy plans and force advice firms to underinvest.
Of course no matter what you do your financial advisors interests will not perfectly align with your.
Kinda like George Sorros manipulating female politicians ...
And who do you controlling your Millions and millions of$$$.
Are they available to the low income people?
I agree
Too bad politicians don't put their constituents first!
So, the current rule provides for mandatory fees where there were nine before. Real bright.
Thanks Liz.
You don't.....
Thank you.
Please don't let anyone touch Dodd Frank. Its far too importaint.
You are a joke living in a palace wealthy and talking about saving for retirement be silent
So those not wanting a fiduciary...which is the majority of America, are screwed.
They don't. They never will.
Well I agree with you that saving for retirement is tough, that's why I'm sick of you giving my hard-earned money away.
Never saw a penny for my wife in the prior 8 yrs. Not even medicade
She died due to poor drug screening and compassion.
Yeah it's even harder given that the federal government taxes us 1/3rd of our income or more.
Amen
Do you care about  our retirement  or just your own?
How is it possible that .@GOP can get away with taking away our financial protections re our retirement! What can we do now? #GreedyGOP!
Do you really think that most politicians have the
peoples best interest at heart?  If you do you are
Living in a dream!
Are we gonna survive this Nightmare? I get tired some days!!!
What is a financial adviser?oh Who could afford one.Retirement is a right
Not to mention lying, stealing phonies like you Senator Warren
I hope you can help me save enough retirement money at young age
Agreed. however anyone with investments should have a legal contract with advisor stating he has their best interests as priority.
As well as language about the possibility of lawsuit w/ advisor paying ALL fees & court costs to recoup losses when contract is violated.
.
I really think all you multimillionaire Democrats need to make a retirement fund. Live middle-class income levels and give the rest away
I'll just print more money if I get into a bind. Oh wait... That's the government. My bad.
Yuuuup! I'm 28 and can't afford to have my retirement disappear.
I would worry more about a sleazy politician than a financial adviser
Banks are not your friends. Look before you leap
Yes better pretend to be an Indian to get a high paying teaching job
But those "hard" time don't find their way to your door step do they Lizzy!
That's why they should download my Financial Advisor app instead of trusting a human!  The app is selfless, always seeks to benefit client!
Or when they have to worry that Democrats will change tax laws to strip families of their rightful inheritance!
Hey, @SenWarren, do you know that if you're disabled, you CAN'T save for ANYTHING, because they'll take your SSD & coverage away?
..or would it be if the Dems have our best interest w/the cost of healthcare premiums and deductibles w/OBAMAcare!! #tiredofyourBS
Sorry Ms. Warren but the people I talk to are more worried about gov than f.a. since most Americans don't have financial adv.
Let me educate your base then
Their r financial advisors that don't work on commission.  Choose one of those guys instead! That simple!  
Or in the case of certain politicians we know you don't have the peoples best interest in mind - just your own.
Stay away from our retirement TERM LIMITS 
The laws that were passed helped to get rid of a lot of scammers. Like Trump
As a retired corp financial advisor I can say financial advisors are often required to put their clients' needs absolutely second.
Yeah, roll the dice
You're a day late and a dollar short. Financial Advisors, that is Registered Investment Advisors have always had a Fiduciary rule w/clients.
Have you looked at a Senators retirement plan?
Substitute ' Paying taxes' 4 'Saving for retirement' and 'government' 4 'financial advisers'.  Then you'll know what's really on our mind.
Still fear mongering? I would trust my money with a financial adviser before i would trust it with a politician. Very telling!! Hypocrite!!!
Oh we know you want the federal government in every part of our lives. Donua a bigger favor and an leave us alone
Why can't all in government be as articulate, moral, and aware as Warren?  Her haters are lost souls.
Senator u guys created no jobs!!!!!!!!
majority of people don't have financial advisors,your elitism is showing again,Dem liberals have lost touch with common folks
What a stupid statement. Since when do financial advisors have your interest in mind over theirs?
Who's interest do you look out for ? Other than your own.
financial advisors are about making money for themselves first. If their clients can "catch a wave" well that's ok; on way down good luck!
Or their elected officials.....
We should have a rule allowing us to withdraw without penalty our principal. It's horrible to be forced to watch out savings get stolen!
Is it hard for you? I here the salary you got from the university you lied to get the job in pays well!
'Fiduciary rule' is idiotic. It results in retirement savers paying MORE for financial advice, not less. Your 'help' is killing us - STOP!
Anybody stupid enough to trust a financial advisor at a big  bank deserves what they get. I have watched these shmoes in action for 12 years
No, the last thing we need is your exaggerated anxiety Tweets!
Your set for life how would you know and like you really care anything to get that vote right
Just thought bout this or listen 2T45.
It's not that hard when you lie about being a certain ethnic group to get ahead right?
You know without a doubt that they don't
It's all about wasteful spending by the government and if we plugged the holes we could save billions
a family comes to me to invest $1000, my commission would be less than $20. But if I have to put them in a Managed acct they pay 1% 4 life
Most firms don't act like the "wolf of Wall Street" I sit down with middle income families and most of them can't afford a advisors fee.
Really hard when you take advantage of people in a tight spot and flip their foreclosed homes for your own profit
Are you actually advocating ppl save for retirement?  Sounds like personal responsibility, plus ppl would join the evil investor class.  ??
You selling financial products now ?
The only thing that changes our commissions is the amount they invest, the more they invest the smaller the fee and we have to disclose that
It's our job to put them in products that fit those wants and needs. Most firms pay the same flat rate % on commissions.
Saving for college is hard enough - oh I should take your advice and have my kids claim to be Native American to get a free ride - thanks!!
The fiduciary rule has tied the hands of advisors. 99% of clients have no idea what products they need, they only have the end goal in mind!
Like the government really has OUR best interest n mind? Explain 20 TRILLION N DEBT!!
Government control 101, compliments of someone in power, who likes to dictate how things should work for others, like people have no brains?
How can we plan for daunting long-term care when they eliminate #Medicaid? How can anyone plan for retirement with that looming obstacle?
It's worse than that. They have removed restrictions on retirement counseling.
Another Trump-led attack on the middle class.
2/2 Thank you Bill and Hillary for NAFTA. Sending 70,000 companies out of the USA was a smart decision
1/2 Saving for retirement is hard when you're in a minimum wage job.
Why aren't you speaking out on the AHCA stealth bill?
Since government in the hands of a dimwit, it's time for citizens to take matter into their own hands #DirectDemocracy
that goes TRIPLE!!!! for their elected representatives
#Fraud
#FakeIndian
#Communist
 Totally agree. Dems don't know what else to do because they lost their POWER Just grow up and go away thinking people will not vote x U
good luck to us humans
Not hard for you to save money when you steal from Americans like you Pelosi and Clintons did.
So true, I have saved almost@my whole life for retirement. Now can't retire due to cost of health care. All I need is a shady advisor
I'm right there :(
All this is is a Big Bro take over to get more $$$ for thier pockets. Ppl say no to this BS.
Hear is a GRAND IDEA. STAY OUT OF PPLS RETIREMENT. Gov has NO busness in the way i save for retirement.
Wall Street has always cheated its customers. Asking them to cease and desist is difficult -- especially when Trump is in White House.
If they want more business wouldn't they do what's best for their clients? Duh.
They don't
If we all could get a job teaching one semester at 400000$ every body would be fine
Your complex regulation is short sited. Top two Asset managers control over 8trillion in assets. Their size is unfair advantage and power.
Please wake up, the poor are not destroying this country,  it the greedy millionaires and billionaires.
So far all Trump and the corrupt GOP have done is hurt the working people, divide people, and spread hate.
I believe you're talking about Obama. He  had 8 years and President Trump only has had a few months. Use logic Why didn't the Dems fix this?
Congress doesn't have our best interests in mind. You don't know the meaning of it is hard to save. WE want an audit of congress
Start early.
Investing is very complicated for many. There are lots of sharks that just want to sell their product.
Elizabeth, these people are horrible, I wonder collectively how much money from big final. institutions they got?
So you recognize that saving for retirement is tough - but you want to triple the taxes folks are forced to pay on that savings. #BLM #LGBTQ
They have their own best interest in mind don't They?  I mean you pay wether you make money or loose money and they dont....
You would be good at telling ghost stories around a campfire while roasting marshmallows at some remote girl scout camp.
Maybe ppl would be able to save more if they didn't have to pay salaries to overpaid useless government bureaucrats like Warren.
The current misguided GOP is trying to turn the clock back to 1890s. Talk about doing the Time Warp--they are prancing it in high fashion.
Let's talk abt the secret #GOPHealthcareBill Why aren't the Dems doing more? Get this out front
Are the financial advisors also commissioned sales people? If so the discussion needs to be about regulation.
GOP sure has the financial advisors' best interest in mind though. You'd think they were getting paid or something.....
Let's scare people about nothing we have to much in the way of scare tactics just do your job work together
What about the risk vs reward of the free market and its ability to generate wealth with proper research and knowledge
Don't make investments that you have no knowledge or understanding of the market that is a fools errand
FIGHT for US. Boycott hearings. Raise hell. Dems being too easy on the GOP.
Shouldn't the MAIN focus, today, be our healthcare? People will die with GOP plan. Money not an issue if we're dead. Prioritize.
Saving for retirement would be easy if the rest of us had 0%loan from Harvard and a congressional Platinum Healthcare plan like you, Lizzie!
Did u have the best interests of Americans in mind when u forsook your progressivism & backed @HillaryClinton? #tytinterviews #answertheQ
Evil sees evil around every corner. You're going to save people from their choices- who's going to save the U.S. from the senator from MA?
And you and DEMS care about Americans? Since when? RAD RISE AGAINST DEMOCRATS. Total hypocrisy. #MAGA Drain the swamp
I fear your voice is being lost on this right now, Elizabeth. No one who lived thru 2008 and following years would want this.....
How much did #wallstreet pay for this

What else have they paid for

#DrainTheSwamp - LOL
Retirement funds must go in a trust fund that government can't borrow from except with a declaration of war by the senate. And only for 6mo.
It seemed as though dynasty has replaced.the #InterestOfThePeople
Lol rich people problems.  Who TF has a financial advisor
How do you legislate morality?
But Trump's way is the wrong way, you say! And Trump's way is jobs. How can you save w/o jobs? So Trump is RIGHT! Need jobs!
How does your law change the motivations of my financial advisor?
Especially since we know our elected officials don't. A fake Indian worried about honesty, oh the irony
We agree but what are Dems doing on Trumpcare and hidden bill
It was Pres. Obama and dems that floated the idea of seizing private 401k's. And issuing IOU's!?
I'm sure you aren't worried
And many already lost their savings & homes in the 2009 meltdown w/ a REP prez. Now we have another REP doing the same damn thing.
As a lifelong mid level manager in NM State Government Single Mom who had to take retirement money out to raise her son 63 disabled son #TBI
Not hard for politicians. They get pensions paid for by taxpayers. Why not write some legislation to do away with GUARANTEED pensions?
Not a problem for the Chief. She'll be on the taxpayer dole for the rest of her life thanks to that nice Senate pension.
It is no longer saving for retirement.  It is saving for health care for when I retire. Food and housing now an afterthought.
