How much $ do you take in a year for being a senator?
She is 100%right here big banks can get away with anything ... fuckin joke
So do politicians. Otherwise they wouldn't be multi millionaires of a govt salary
She didn't earn her $$ as a senator...do some research
Oh? She made it academia? No wonder students are saddled with ever increasing debt and loans. Someone has to pay Pocahontas.
She and her husband have had good careers ...so what? That means she shouldn't be calling for heads to roll at Wells Fargo? Wtf is ur point
If she destroyed Wells Fargo she'd have to find someone else to demonize. Those campaign dollars don't magically appear.
Why would anyone want to be a board member under your scare tactics?
One reason:
Not worth it.
Yes they should.
Im a Canadian ,nvr set foot in WFargo, but somehow have a fake account, phoned numerous times to tell. I still have the fake account.
Kevin,  aside from annoyance, any other harm?
No just frustrating that i continue to recieve emails on an account i dont have.
Is there an "Unsubscribe" link in emails? That is my favorite link. @MummauKent @SenWarren @WellsFargo
Apparently i have a wife named Kathleen and im always late on over draft payments.
Is that fraudulent account affecting your credit score? @MummauKent @SenWarren @WellsFargo
Not at all. I think its odd that I live in Canada. No WFargo here, when I phoned WFargo nothing was done.
Well, that's good. I've never had a Wells Fargo account. If I did, I would close it. @MummauKent @SenWarren @WellsFargo
Fake like your Indian heritage?  That kind of fake?
@SenWarren need help they won't give us the activity in our names
Thank You!!
Warren legitimate: she chooses to be Transracial. She identifies as Indian therefore she has priviliges of Indians not white millinairs #Not
How about removing arbitration clause from these banks. They steal with impunity because of this. Yes removing them is a great but........
How can the government remove private citizens from a board that the government shouldn't have control over? Are you a communists?
Our next President?
So how did you accumulate your millions Senator? Hmmm
#WellsFargo is nothing more than a #Criminal #Enterprises. They used #DeathThreats and #Fraud to #Steal this #Disabled #Veterans #Paid #Home
How could removal not be warranted?
What was their response?
#GOP #Trumpanzees cannot hear, see or speak about corruption or Russian collusion under @POTUS #DonaldTrump so time to #LockHimUp
My mother and father lost their house due to this scam. My father died from respiratory arrest shortly there after.
I'm truly sorry for your loss. Pls DM some additional details (no acct #). A mortgage specialist will review what took place. ^CK
WARREN YOU ARE THE REASON I USED TO BE A DEMOCRAT !! Warren you ARE A DEMOCRAT FOR COMMUNISM !!
Sounds like money laundering and fraud to me.
I would ask the Senator, why she doesn't support the Constitution which restricted all govt. fiscal transactions to using the "dollar"?
#WithOverdraftsExceeding19Trillion
#NoBankerHasBeenAbleTo
#TeachYourEmployeesInCongress to
#RunACheckbook
#CanYou ?
Let's see what the Trump's administration going to do about it.
Help the deaf out, what was the reply, I mean excuse....?
And????
Question answers itself. The Fed removed Board Members...The fake Indian was grandstanding. And lots of empty heads nodded ...
why didn't you ask for Hillary to be removed for her illegal server
Oh, look, it's a Russian troll account.
 no it's you and your 16 followers that r paid trolls sponsored & paid by George Soros & the Democrats @SenWarren @WellsFargo
We need accountability and punishment for such behavior. These folks should be banned from banking industry forever.
When someone can be banned for fixing boxing matches, or doping in a sport- then it's kinda like ONE HUGE STRIKE- and you're out.
Well, there’s a history here. The Savings & Loan debacle of the ‘80s banned a lot of bankers from banking.
Does the Fed have judicial and police powers over banks?
Why are they not going to jail?
They sent an employee to jail in California for stealing a material amount of cash by diversion of assets. Press on.
Chickens@$ts that's why!
Is this issue anything like fake Indian ancestry to gain employment advantage?
Nice to see women work together You need to straighten up all the banks specially @WellsFargo remove the board members
Keep up the good work
Hysterical politicians like you will be dropping like flies in '18 & '20
I would also ask GOP why they haven't removed kushners security clearance.
#NeverthelessShePersisted
 
THIS IS WHAT A PATRIOT SOUNDS LIKE #TrueBlue
Hey, that flag is not the USA 
#SenWarren- Please visit #Iceland & study how women of that country procecuted & jailed cheating bank CEOs.
Only nation to do so!
@MMFlint
This woman out here by herself trying to save us all, yet crickets.
Senator Warren, keep up the good work! You're absolutely right - they SHOULD BE REMOVED!
Worked at a title clearance place and they were always shady. Done with them forever. If we want this kind of thing to stop we can stop it!
Thank you @SenWarren
Wells Fargo is a thieving pack of scum bags.
They protect & serve the Finance Bankers who loot the Treasury & get to make all the money from loans making policy unrepresentative of us.
wow! EW makes sense about something.
They fired the poor employees doing what they were told and they moved on. Nothing will come of this. Sad.
Keep up the good work Senator Warren!
Throw those bums oiy
Why did you claim to be a native Indian ????? Your so fake it's sickening
Just give them new identities.  Swap them with gangstas in prison.  "Mr Moneybags, you are now Micah Washington, doing 15-life for drugs"
Good job Senator! Greed is the cause behind the fake accounts! Persist!
Thnx Sen Warren. It's theft. No matter how it's sliced and it's a Crime/Wrong! I hope they will stand up and do the job they're paid to do!
When a poor person tries 2 rob a bank they lock em up for 20 yrs. when a banker robs the poor they get off Scott free & golden parachute
Why?

Regulatory Capture.
And she gave you a wholly-inadequate response. Blah, blah investigations, blah, blah warranted, blah, blah, blah. Nobody ever accountable.
Maybe Bernie Sanders wife is on WFB????.....she is good at corruption.  
Or there are Native Indians on the WFB Senator Warren..careful now!
Was there a question there?
Time to start addressing social security. Whats happening today isnt as important as what happens tomorrow.
How about we remove all members of Congress that voted for ACA that is failing miserably. Let's hold govt accountable to the same standards
There Owen insurance here what we need from you the government
The first think to do is do not let the insurance company offer or any big company insurance to its employees let the people look and get
This may be a future president. Can you imagine Trump delivering such a complex exposition about anything. The US is a Numbocracy
Bravo. @SenWarren lays out the case for why we need much tougher law ENFORCEMENT against the rogue big banks who are otherwise bulletproof.
Please RUN    We NEED you!!!!!!
Warren is a complete nut job! Just like pelosi, schumer, and lynch complete corruption
Because they own you Lizzie!!!
Watch the woman scramble after Warren' s question
I guess that is the "draining of the swamp" I heard about somewhere.
I have no retirement because of the 2008 crooks. I'm already 57.
Same here
Plus once I replenished it back I had to cash it out again because of medical debts, along with filing BR and lost my house too.
@WellsFargo DUPED my 90 year old father into a loan and credit card. He says he never recvd any money. #assholes #criminal
Why don't you go back to settlement with WF under the Obama Justice Dept. Agreeing to modify Wachovia illegal loans? Best estimates 2-3%
Have been modified.  Thousands of mortgages are still illegal Wachovia Pick a Payment loans.  A WF employee told me they were told not to
Not to modify these loans,  deny the borrowers and drag it out.
MORE ILLEGAL ACTIVITY.
BUT WE'LL JUST FINE THEM.  #JailStumpf
hmmm, you lied about your heritage, took advantage of the student loans, taught 1 class for 100+k and you want what?
What justifiable reason could they offer? None!
This scandal hurt thousands of people who continue to be plagued by its impact!  Again time to put Country first!
EW nails it.  It's called greed.
@howtodoit1
Stop acting like you don't know what the deal is. It makes you a bigger fraud than the Banksters. Stop talking and prosecute
Why won't the crony/corrupt fed punish the crony/corrupt facilitators of its own illegal schemes? Duh. How naive can you be @SenWarren?
What a gabber you are.  Unfortunately you never say anything that has any sense.
Thanks Elizabeth.  And thank you for keeping your focus on representing the voters and not big like many other lawmkrs do.
Wow Senator Warren! You are amazing...thank you for all your efforts...
I think more accurate closing statement would have been: "IF YOU CARE about this issue, I hope you will use that power." Fed seems apathetic
This happened during the last administration ask them why they did nothing. Try something new #worktogether
Go to work Pochantis!!! You lazy Fake Injun.
Take your money out of the big banks and  locally!  I've found myself saying this repeatedly. Broke s have little leeway for corruption.
Thorough & . Thank you @SenWarren
This happened when there was a Democrat president and administration why don't you ask them why they did nothing
The regulatory authorities, icl the Fed, just don't enforce financial regulations effectively.
I can't wait to start volunteering on the Kid Rock for Michigan Senate campaign. Goodbye Debbie stabenow don't let the door hit u in the ass
Same reason we don't remove the trump family criminal enterprise holding our govt hostage it is nasty ugly work someone must do it soon
#fakenews #fakeindian
Can you find the real Cherokee ? #rednationrising #tcot
The same reason that Harvard didn't remove you for being a "Fake" http://Indian.Watch  http://out.You  are messing with Buffet.
their not listening to u,They know your out of power!, don't u get it? We see your mouth moving but no one ,cares!
thanks 4 trying 2 hold @WellsFargo accountable! more obvious every day probs @ top have 0 consequence. Plz start impeachment ASAP
The better question: Why does a quasi-governmental agency have the power to remove any company's executives?
Love my country but these crooked politicians need to go! Need to get $ out of office it only breeds corruption.
The CEO would have been fired weeks ago.

Thank goodness you do what you do.
We are so lucky to have Sen. Warren
Yellen, rich old bag, STILL feathering her nest
You need to worry about bigger things! Like the Clinton wrongdoings! You didn't seem to care what $$$ HRC took from foreign countries!
Because they are OWNED by the banks!
Unbelievable.
How can we remove you from the Senate? No credibility no accomplishments a complete waste of taxpayer taxpayer!!!
Why won't you resign?  I am a Massachusetts voter who is absolutely appalled by your affirmative action lie!  #LIARwatha
For the same reason Wall Streeters who crashed the economy in 2008 aren't in jail & JK still has a security clearance. Different rules.
The 1% slap each others hands for crimes while the rest can go to jail. RIGGGGGGG-ED
Most crooked people. I almost lost my home.
.2) Central+ banksters are the worst criminals the world has ever known, & they're not just stealing MONEY from us
.1) Elizabeth, you & I & most people know there is only one large bank, and the humans-or whatever they are-are the global crime syndicate.
Sen Warren should have been removed after she was caught in her fake Native American scandal that she illegally profited from.
@puppymnkey @WellsFargo HELLFIRE THAT WAS BANK FRAUD AND SHOULD BE IN PRISON???
YAWN! GOP back to your !
@SenWarren you get em girl!!  #elizabethwarrenforpresident
Sick, demented behavior causing the borrowers to become ill, commit suicide, family's torn apart & no one will step in and stop this bank
To try and defend their homes while WF denies their loan modifications over and over again, increasing the amount owed, another home to WF
Why don't you make them stop their unlawfully foreclosures? These are happening now, they are illegal, costing borrowers $$$ they don't have
It's been going on for years and will continue. Shit talking Liars corruption.
thank you, thank you for your wisdom and words!
Please consider this before voting:  https://www.facebook.com/actdottv/videos/657902937733609/ …
How about we get rid of mass binding arbitration and class action waivers? I'll bet we start seeing less scams like this.
I love this woman !!
Thank you for fighting for us. You are the best 
Good question & we deserve accountability.
Audit the Fed.
So then #pocahontus you support scalping @BernieSanders wife Jane for fraud in the govt on her college loan?

Make America Badass Again: Get this FREE 4th of July kit when you spend $40 in the official store: http://smarturl.it/KidRockWBRStore  
Love this! Elizabeth goes straight to the problem! Jail the Scumbags on Wall street !
Thank you, Elizabeth!
It's amazing when we over draft our  account we are immediately penalized but they get away with breaking the law!!
This was asking a question? More like a speech.
Nonetheless I appreciate @SenWarren 's effort.Just get to the point faster.
you"the troll if you believe Trump has any interest in women's activity or women at all
I don't understand this at all wrt this thread. Trump? Women's activity? Not even part of the discussion.
I am so glad you think so, just keep telling yourself that it's ok
That what's OK? That I think what???
About Drumpf how he pretends to be concerned about women
Who are you supporting? Sarsour? You must be like her then. A nasty globalist mutilating girls. Defending the sell of body parts? Not in USA
Why would they ..most in this fucked up world have no morals and values. Gotta have standards in order to feel like its worthy of punishment
Ive said it a million times i would never bank at wells fargo and never work for them. Always rude to customers & treat employees like shit.
Have they confirmed the board encouraged the fake accounts?  Board members don't audit. What is the root cause?
meh, lose faith in democracy and your government already...
You are my hero, Elizabeth!!  Thank you for this and all you do!!
Another video of yourself. Ego is BIG
I love EW.
They were going to do it but they thought you would hit them with your tomahawk
Just use the mighty hand of government to intimidate. #ignoreandrestore
Pocahontas getting screen time.  Usual from her, lots of talk.
What about fake news fake recounts ?

Why is it solialist, sorry democrats, don't demand the Fed be audited and the federal govt be REQUIRED to use standard accounting practices?
Thank you for trying to protect us and asking the tough q's
You need to read townhall article about liberals, it is a good laugh.
The Wells Fargo board members are bad.  Almost as bad as someone who lies about their race in order to get a job at Harvard.
Don't you get tired of the lies you spit out with a forked tongue.
Why do you hate Americans, U.S. Constitution, Bill of Rights, Freedom!
Pocahontas why so worried about Sen Kid Rock?  You have Sen Stuart Smalley. Wait till Sen Ted Nugent.
I have trouble telling the difference from and you. You are all liars and crooks.Hypocrite!!
Why won't they? Unbelievable.
We need fighters like you in Canada.
She has no backbone, that's why.
Yea why not?
Route cause was the criminal intent of board members! Simple.
First time I agree with this loon!!! Scary!!
Can you believe that these boards and execs are above the law???!!
Let's not forget the fed govt was also a big driver in pushing Banks to make loans to individuals who couldn't afford them. Both at fault
She wasn't talking about fraudulent loans, this was about fraudulent accounts, after financial crisis.
Agree the specific comment she made was about the accounts. My prob is that she is hypocritical in never holding fed govt to same standard
You're so brave.  It's the native American in you.
And did you get an answer?  An acceptable answer?
Warren is more than talk - she takes action - go get em tiger.
Why won't you remove yourself from the Senate for being a loon?
I so wish she was our president.
It seems you've forgotten that the role of the legislature is to write and pass laws, and the role of the executive branch is to enforce.
You are not entitled to do both. #dizzymisslizzie
I'm going sales quota programs. Those fake accounts whether 2 million belongs to real people.
So, why didn't Obama's DoJ take them into custody? If the case is as simple add you suggest, then expose Obama's cover up.
The Fed and OCC are likely preparing a consent order. A bunch of consultants are about to get wealthier.
Good question. Too many times the wealthiest get off Scott free for crimes against the average citizen.
OHHH I know, I know (waving my hands) They are controlled by big banks!!
I love you, Senator. 
I agree that execs are getting breaks that the average worker has been fired for.
