All this bailout to the people who gave us a worse disaster  -  TRUMP!   Now is the time for TEX-IT and let them fend for themselves!!
Houston is a blue city with a black Democratic mayor. Our last mayor was a Democratic lesbian...not that any of that matters right now.
Negativity doesn't require a response. Pay him no mind, we love you Texas.
Navy Vietnam Vet 4 Yrs I dealt with Texans, it is not a state it is a state of mind. They are superior to everyone else Sane people leave
No, some of us stay because we love our state and want to see it made blue again. But I'd be lying if I said I hadn't considered leaving.
I was stuck in Kingsville for a while and sorry to say, I think the place is a rathole. MA will turn RED before TX turns BLUE  Nevah Happen
Native Houstonian. Proud South Ender for 17 yrs. Back in Htown now. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! #BostonStrong #ForTheCity #HoustonRises
Stay safe! Cowtown sends love and support!
@rubenvega1941 @Russ300H you two are what's wrong with people today. Idiots.
The perpetual award for dumbest Congressman goes to Louie Gohmert. You think smart people elect him? NO  They have to be dumber than him!
Oh, OK. So I guess if they elect a stupid congressman, they must deserve to die and/or lose everything they have. I get it now.
I BOSTON
Thank you, Boston. I only pray that my TX representatives will now pay it forward to those affected by #HurricaneIrma. We have bills to sign
UNION SOLIDARITY!! 
You know, they said no to Canada's help
Oops, I was rong https://www.google.ca/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.ctvnews.ca/mobile/canada/good-neighbours-canada-sends-flood-relief-supplies-to-texas-1.3573942&ved=0ahUKEwiG29u_6IzWAhVl4IMKHeo8DOQQFgg2MAc&usg=AFQjCNEtHkY3BiKZi2FGHFVmNuKAjxtS0Q …
Thank you from Texas!
Bostonian send Texas our love prayers and yes we will give you whatever you need
Thank you from a Houstonian
Please do another one!
We can't get greedy. Others may need help.
You rock, Mistah Mayah!
Thank you Boston
This is incredible. True Boston Strong and there's Medford Strong donations in the trucks too!  God bless!!
Love that dirty (not so much anymore) water   Saving grace in these times that Boston is my home!!
We love you Mayor Walsh!
@LiberalHag  Thanks guys. Please don't stop though.
Thank you, Boston! From a grateful Texan. THIS IS AMERICA! #BostonStrong #TexasStrong
Mayor Walsh / Boston, appreciate your assistance, compassion & humanity! All of Texas says thank you.
I wish that canada could send help. Last I heard we were denied got a thanks but no thanks
Apparently I was wrong https://www.google.ca/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.ctvnews.ca/mobile/canada/good-neighbours-canada-sends-flood-relief-supplies-to-texas-1.3573942&ved=0ahUKEwiG29u_6IzWAhVl4IMKHeo8DOQQFgg2MAc&usg=AFQjCNEtHkY3BiKZi2FGHFVmNuKAjxtS0Q …
Thank you. We will remember when it's our turn.
THANK YOU BOSTON for helping my hometown. I haven't lived there for many years but will always love the beautiful city of Houston. Thanks !!
As someone who just moved home to #houston after 9 years in Boston-- thank you! Love your city, your people and yalls love!
@RepJoeKennedy Bless Boston. #HarveyRelief
From POTUS: Good luck and a plan to cut disaster relief budget.  @marty_walsh real compassion. Thank you
Consider the source ! POTUS says one thing and does another. Unreliable at best. He'll never stay the duration and help Texas or any state.
Please feel free to send the Red Sox as well. 
Love
The Yankees
@CHOPPERMF1 WALSH ROCKS THANK U!
Instead of seeing Galway win an All Ireland after 29yrs. This Mayor has chosen not to watch others suffer in Houston with a food convoy.
 Boston
The kindness of strangers - Beantown's better angels on the move.
I thought they only wanted prayers? But seriously, disregard that and actually send aid to the people who need it most
Nice job Mayor- Boston !
Sure hope you arranged to manage all that stuff once it arrived.
Thank you, Boston! That's awesome!
I am amazed why Ppl thinks Trump is doing so much. He stood by a truck handed boxes. Carter builds homes.
Amazing!
From one great city to another. Thank you, Boston!
Thank you!
They turned down help from Canada. Are we sure they want help from our liberal bastion?
And of course provide supplies!  Is there any kind of clearinghouse to find orgs who are putting together aid in addition to money?
The only way 2 make a dent in hate is 2 return graciousness. We are supposed 2 be our brothers keepers! All we can do as Americans is hope!
Spending 15-20 yrs being fed red hate politics on Fox, rt wing hate radio & you get people who hate! At this point it's part of their DNA!
Can anyone explain why this guy (can't think of his name-Secty of State?) told Canada thanks, but no thanks for the offer of a lot of help?
That's our Mayor.  Doing a great job!
Thank u.
Thank you!!!
Bravo Boston
That's wicked pissa!
Thank you, Boston!!
Starting to act and sound like the FAKE POTUS with these bragging tweets!
Make sure u tell everyone what ur doing. Bring a camera. Just do bc it's the right thing to do.
Absolutely loved this tweet!
Thank you, Boston. Texas loves you too.
So proud of Boston! So glad to call this city my home.
State of Texas won't spend its TEN BILLION DOLLAR RAINY DAY FUND.
In The Grace Of God, There Is A Better Time: Thank You Kechi !
Love goes out to Boston! #HarveyRelief
Great Job!
Thank you, Boston. You're beautiful.  Love, Diane
Yes!!! Way to work Boston!!!!
The best side of the USA
Thanks so much! 
Love,
Houston
Thank you
Thank you Boston!!!!
We love you right back, big guy.
Thank you!
Thank you so much.
Thank you Mayor Walsh 
Thank you #BostonStrong
This is what America is all about! We need to stand united and strong. Presidents come and go & we Americans survive all they throw our way.
I would have agreed last year but not so sure now! Our new administration doesn't seem to have a clue about running our country!
We are so grateful! Many thanks.
Less prayers more WATER thanks
THANK YOU BOSTON!
Thank you @marty_walsh.
Thank you Mr Mayor. I've always loved Boston. Beautiful city and great people. Thanks again.
This Houstonian thanks our fellow Americans from Boston. We can all work together. Just ignore the idiots no matter where they live.
Wow, Thank You Boston!
Thank you and your fellow Bostonians for your generosity Mr Mayor!
This is the America that always impresses the world ! Thx Boston!
#BostonStrong helping out #Harvey victims... Americans stand united!
Thank you Boston, for caring for the Hustonians, in spite of FAKE PRESIDENT @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump .
Kudos to Bostonians for outpouring support to fellow humans in need. And, while I'm here, kudos for Back Bay area being way cool to visit.
Mayor Walsh and Boston, you guys are awesome, 7 trucks, 280 tons of supplies and all the love and prayers of Boston, just #AMAZING,God Bless
Well done Boston!
Need more acts of kindness in this world 
We never forget. We get what we give #BostonStrong  #HoustonStrong
Make sure they know it's from Boston with a B.
This catastrophe should teach Americans and those useless politicians that we need to be together not like what trump is doing
Has the Clintons donations arrived yet!!!MAGA
Gorgeous 
I am from North Texas, I just wanted to say thank you Boston and God bless you 
You're alright Marty! So is Boston sand celtics lol
God bless Texas and its residents "Made America great again".
Boston Beautiful!
Thanks, Beantown!
- Big D
Proud of so many Americans.  Restores my faith in mankind!
#HappyLaborDay #happyLaborDayWeekend 
#God #Blessings #Love #Houston! @marty_walsh @MartyForBoston @AntonioPlanas1 
#Boston #BOSpoli #MApoli
This is my city at its best. We are sending #BostonStrong to Houston! 
Yay, go Boston!
Boston Strong
INSPIRE TO BE INSPIRED!
Connections In Texas
Thank You Boston!!
Well done Boston and you too Mayor Walsh.
I like the "Love" part. 
Both of you are great men. We need more leaders with your capacity to help Americans.
Thank you, Boston!
Thank you.
Thank you Mayor Walsh and Boston for your kindness and generosity! Houston/Texas thanks you, and welcomes you with open arms! 
Wonderfully generous. Not in Houston or Harvey area but this Texan says a big thank you to Boston.
Thank you to the people of Boston! #GodIsGood #TexasStrong #AmericanStrong
Thank you!
This is great. This is who we should aspire to be.. the generous, quintessential anti-TrumpLand nation.
Thank you!
Thanks man
Awesome! Couldnt be prouder of my hometown. :)
Class Act Boston.
Let's not forget to mention the incredibly generous donation from our President of $1,000,000 Pretty cool. Has anyone else don't that?
Yay!! Way 2go Boston!!
Thank you, Boston!! 
Great job, Boston!
This is a fantastic example of the beauty and strength of our country! 
Haven't lived in Boston for so many years, but still so proud it was once my home.
Proud of my city mr mayor thank you much appreciated this is what togetherness means boston strong prayers for texas
This is leadership/Marty Walsh 2020
This tweet (backed with action) is more presidential than anything @realDonaldTrump has ever tweeted in his lifetime. #AMJOY
Compassionate city!  Feel so proud to be part of this Amazing City.. thanks Mayor Walsh and all !!
Safe travels and thank you volunteers! That is no easy task you undertook.  Still thinking the best thoughts for Texas.
We are all one family.    Stay strong Houston!
Thank you,Boston
#FromHoustonWithLove
love you !
#BostonStrong
Great show of support! @kcs1717
Awesome
Boston Massachusetts Mayor Marty Walsh you have represented us.
Thank You! Boston
It's how we roll. Bravo Boston!
Pictures of American's already being great. Haters gonna hate. Thank you, Boston! 
I am glad to have helped out this great cause, felt great starting early&seeing the progression of the # of volunteers who came to support
Thank you, Boston!!
, but American and Bostonian by choice.  Our #TrueColors on display again
Boston has a great history of helping others: Halifax Explosion
This is just awesome! Amazing work!!
thank you for sharing
My city my mayor makes me proud to a Bostonian
A big texan thank you Boston. The world is more beautiful when humanity comes to help one another
No empty promises actual results
Did Texas accept it? Or did they tell you to keep it and pray?
@JoyHorowitz thought you might like this
Thank you @chanceofraincom! Once again, #BostonStrong spreading its wings.
Thank you for your help #Boston
But Trump still won't accept Canada's help not even food.
Houston, we have s problem, that people joining together can solve! 
I would like to thank everything and everyone but not the prayers.
Go Boston!! You rock!!
How do the donations get distributed?
Boston, thanks from NC.  We love you!
Awesome, Boston!  What a great city!  I've met great Texans & horrific ones, but we are all Americans & should help in times of crisis.
#BostonStrong
#HoustonStrong
People Are essentially good
2020?
Love you Boston!! Kind hearts there,and always willing to lend a hand
Your hospitals there are wonderful,too! First hand knowledge
Thank you Boston and Mayor Walsh for your leadership!
Thank tou
United we stand, divided we fall.   Way to go Boston !!
As former Massachusetts residents who now make our home in Houston, thank you!
nice work
Great job! If you have more trucks heading down, let me know. I have more donations that we couldn't get to you in time.
Send everything EXCEPT the prayers. Nothing says "I don't give a damn" like prayers!
Thank You!!!!
Texas thanks you, Boston! 
Awesomeness #Boston
So proud of the efforts of Bostonians.  With the Leadership of the Mayor the response has been amazing.
@NYCMayor How about getting this started in NY? #PrayersForTexas
Kind of curious, this is a non-political question, would it have helped to send the fleet of duck boats down during the early rescue?
Or would that not have made sense logistically?
Way to go Boston!
Thank you @marty_walsh - love you #Boston! Xx NYC - your sister city!
Thank you, Boston! We sure need it!!
Thank you Boston!
Massholes ROCK!    Yes, I am one.   Yes, I'm damn proud of it.
I dunno if anyone else has said it, but  THANKS !!

You folks are "wicked awwwsome"

((I'm probably never gonna say that again))
Wonderful! Amen Boston! God Bless Houston! #BostonStrong
Great job!!! Love this city of ours BOSTON MA
Well done Mr Mayor well done BOSTON
City Hall has never looked more beautiful  #BostonToHouston "No road is too long to travel for each other" #Texas
And Donald Trump sent "prayers".
Awesome!
City Hall Plaza has never looked more Beautiful #LoveToHouston 
Thank you, Boston.

Boston strong and generous!
So glad we could be apart of this ...just a drop in the bucket for now, this recovery will take years - #staystrong #bediligent
Here we go, Houston, here we go!
From Texas, THANK YOU!
Boston Strong
Wonderful !
