Oh God! Thank you Fauxaphontas!
.@SenWarren It's working. Donald Trump is afraid of you and is already campaigning against you. Don't worry, America has your back.
it actually wasn't a violation of the rules. If it was they'd have applied it to other senators
no she didn't.  Also that senator was the very subject of debate
she did not call him a racist. See, facts matter
Yes We Will join You
@JudithMac21 YOU'RE 15 MINS. ARE UP!!
wake up you can't spell and don't get any likes
And you will lose. More. Again.
Yes we can!
Thank you Senator Warren for all that you do for ALL the people. You are the epitome of what a Senator should be. <3
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
Told in 1962 grad schools avoid women bcs "they get married and they don’t finish" Helen Quinn persisted.
I had such respect for you. Your words gave me hope. The entire Dem party with the exception of Adam Schiff and Cory Booker are nothing. You talk a lot, but we have seen it means nothing.
He heard u in Australia! I hope more join the fight as u are on aussie news!
LIE-IN PROTEST: American students stage a powerful demo against gun violence. #TenNews @hughriminton 

Thank you for all of your hard work and dedication. You are such an inspiration to me! #wewillnotbesilenced
You are doing a disservice to the people of MA.  Please start being part of the SOLUTION!

Cant wait for 2018 so we can throw you out Liawatha!
@realmonaghan but answer the real question, are you Native American or not?
my hero!
 PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!
yes I agree, please run for president.
And you will continue to lose.
Stop trying to position yourself alongside truly heroic Af-Am women and civil rights leaders. U aren't one of them.
what does the democrat party offer besides eugenics, unisex restrooms and Trump derangement?
#ShePersists #letlizspeak #Resistance 
thank you for everything you do. you are an american hero.
and Indian… oh immmm American hero..
SILENCE POCAHONTAS
awesome.....keep up the great work. you are speaking for so many thank you
ooooooooohh so scary.
WE WILL NOT BE SILENT
Thank you for sharing your kindness, strength, commitment, and resolve. We stand tall. We stand by you. We persist with you.
You need to be silent because you sound and look like a fool.
you go girl!!!!!!!!!!

I love you.
Gross!
Of course you wont, you and rest of leftie thugs funded by evil Soros always resort to violence, glad to see you all keep losing
thank you!
Please resign. Thank You.
idiot
you need to be silent. Nobody who really matters cares what you have to say.  You will be out of a job after the next election.
DisgracedHostileLibs REFUSE 2 accept defeat & THIS is why they WILL lose again. MIddleAmerica tired of theatrics

and yes, we will grab them by the balls!
I have zero doubt. I think she is gonna go far over the next few years.

we're proud of your persistence today. You're keeping us awake! Thank you!
raise your hand if your are living with Alzheimer's and Dementia. Well that explains it.
Time for term limits in Congress folks!!!
"She Persisted" shirt now available on @Amazon https://www.amazon.com/dp/B06WP1KHWC  #ShePersisted #LetLizSpeak #resist #theresistence
from what i saw, she didnt persist at anything and sat down indian style in her seat?!
right thanks to current laws she had to.... ignorant much?
i guess the republicans were the only ones who knew the rules going in?
Everyone knew the rules, the snowflake GOPers couldn't stand to hear the truth.
they dont like rules that were put in place so men wouldnt kill eachother..
Haha, this means more losing coming for the unhinged dems.
@MarthaVineyard4 @SenWarren hey everybody the .0005% Mohican tranny said she isn't going to stop entertaining all of us:)lmao
too freaking funny:)))
OH Liz the People of Massachusetts won't be silent in 2018 they will toss you out of office that's a PROMISE
that is laughable
.@kbretz @AppSame @SenWarren not as laughable as San Fran y'all give CA a bad name #BuildTheWallAroundSanFran
after there so many fruits and nuts in California she fits right in
I live 3 hours north we're STILL trying to separate the state no representation for those not dems
.@SenWarren I have no doubt you won't be silent. Hot air seems to be plentiful for Dems lately. However, you lack votes. They're important.
I for one and can only assume my fellow Dems are fighting for the sake of the country.
.@EibbedNosredna @SenWarren Character assassination of an honorable man and knee-jerk opposition is unreasonable and unproductive.
I'm sorry, but why is his record so abysmal regarding civil rights.Maybe you don't care.I care a lot of people do
.@EibbedNosredna @SenWarren It is not abysmal. Long list of Democrats have stood up for him. Dems accuse almost every GOP of racism.
well I guess Coretta didn't know what she was talking about. Why is the Republican Part 98% white?
.@EibbedNosredna @SenWarren With all due respect to King, prosecuting voter fraud isn't racist. GOP not 98% white.
Consider my warning, we will not be bullied any more by you or your liberal friends always trying to silence those you do not agree with.
She's a sitting US Senator with high approval ratings and lots of 2020 buzz. That's a pretty good position.
LOL Wrong. @SenWarren
Well, then who is is a better position?
I was referring to her popularity and chances in 2020. No one is in a position to threaten the President.
using smoke signals ?
way to go federal judge stops trump adminstration from defunding the sanctuaries
will u help speak out about Donald trumps haircut !!!
they just keep coming...another confirmation that @oreillyfactor was right, the [Democratic Party is disintegrating].
were nervous now..not..you yap doesn't match your flap..weathy lying hag pretending she cares..The new democommie brand
I'm sorry, Senator Warren, but this last presidential election created too much hatred in my heart & division in my country. I'm out!
S
Why the HELL did U support that treasonous criminal psychopath who was fully behind 911? That's H. Clinton, dolt.
ELIZABETHWARREN CAMPAIGNJULY4,2017
Do carry on! 
#FreeEntertainment
#RealityTV
Are you sure you don't want to throw yourself to the floor of Congress and #Protest on our ?
Of course you will. Until we have Marxism and your subjects realize that they are nothing & u become the elitists.
@Elect_Electra oh my #Lizzyhontas #Lizzyhonta, your #oldDem party is so yesterday

maybe she should crawl back to her tepee.   Her being Native American and all ..Just Saying !!!!!!!
What a real loon acts and talks like ...
Go Elizabeth! The only way to defeat bullies is to stand up to them! 
i dont see a lot of defeat.  All i see is bullies winning and winning and winning
Rome wasn't built in a day. Can take years to overthrow dictators once they get a foothold. #resistance #Believe
Damn it did!! 8 years to be exact..
Let's hope this doesn't take as long. Our planet doesn't have enough time for that... 
Better set your sights on a stronger candidate then...
I think Senator Warren is most impressive. Also like Bernie. Who do you you suggest then?
i have no idea.  Someone new probably. To be honest i think we will be living in another world at that time
.@SenWarren Tell us what we need to do & when to do it. We're there. #ElizabethWarren #ElizabethsArmy. #resist #TheResistance
This # is used for my leukemia.
Send smoke signals to make intent known. #Fauxcahontas
I completely agree, Senator.  BTW, glad you made it to SNL last night. You were very affective.
That's why GOD made duct tape, just sayin' !
You're gonna need a lot of duct tape. We outnumber you.
you actually do not 26% of Americans are liberals 34% conservative
Did you know that 26 + 34 =/= 100? Trump has historically low approval ratings. We outnumber you.
polled 1032 people 44% dem 23% rep
Dude, we're not talking about ONE poll. We're talking about all the polls. Your guy is hated.
don't worry he will help you to
How will he do that? By deporting my Latino friends? Alienating my Muslim friends?
keep up the good work #fire_the_fool
Please start by screaming: "WOOOO! WOOO!! WOOO!! WOOO!!!" followed by "NASTY!! WOMEN!! VOTE!!!"
How far you willing to take this? Woman, you might consider shutting up before you get yourself into trouble with the law.
idiocy balls?
Thank you for serving our country, for fighting the good fight and serving as a role models to others #resist #persist 
So.
I look forward to the day I vote for you as the first female President!
Nice job, Pocohontas.  Way to work together for the American people!
you are my hero!
Give 'em hell!
Too much whine and cheese!
so do flies on 

you are the reasons n I would support ending women's suffrage
even my bird is screaming for you to shut up! Where ya gettin the lies your spewing? CNN? SIT DOWN! Reps don't take orders from U
you are clown everywhere you go there is a tent over you. The circus is coming and you are clown.  I can only hope you run DNC
I guess your silencing on the senate floor taught you nothing??
that is great, actually doing something! Exactly what you Democrats should have been doing for the last eight years.
Bullshit! Nominate no one, and fire the rest!
actually you were silenced I saw it on TV. It was great!
Your warning LOL.  Trump got his entire cabinet confirmed.  You have no power...just bark. @SenWarren
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm3MYBDyNyQ … #Speakthetruth
Is the Tom Price vote really this morning at 2 AM, per Ron Wyden?
love it!! Keep it going!!!
Pretty sure the Republicans made you sit down and shut up the other day...
Pfffft...rolling my eyes.
good spend al the time you can on this so we can vote you out of office snd your buddies to
yea I heard warrens accepts numbers are horrific she's gonna implode
(#fakeIndian) I guess your recent attempts at improving your public recognition mean that you have a book tour coming up soon?
Next time Pocahontas when you speak out do it with rersppect and have actual facts and not just drivel.
feauxcahontas on the warpath..scary..just show your colleagues your "high cheekbones" that will do it
love you Senator Warren! Never back down especially to those ignorant Republicans!
who cares?  You are a phony Indian and an overpaid elitist without a clue about ordinary Americans

horrible person
Fake-a-hontas, give us a break! The good guys won this election and we aren't backing down from you either^^
You and Hillary need to go spend time with your families. The hate you spread is not good for USA Pray for forgiveness/wisdom
keep fighting the good fight, even though it doesn't seem to be working.
@wokeAF_MumMum  We love you Sen. Warren. We will all resist and persist! 
Ms Warren, get a grip (old Indian saying)
it's more important to show resistance than it is to do what's best for the country. Do you want some cheese with your wine?
lmao, ok, you fraud
Hope you .....
The problem with you "speaking up" is that it's mostly lies!  You read Ms. Kings letter in its entirety-you lied to the people!!
#Persist #Resist !! 
#ImpeachTrump 
Cause true evil has shown its ugly head n that head is yours. Keep up your unjustified ways miss Warren. An soon u will stir up
We will speak out and will also persist against lying politicians like you trying to grandstand. Your a whiner and a liar.
and you will recite talking points and only talking points.   #fraud #phony #mapoli @TheDemocrats #2018 #warrenslaststand
Talking points hilarious! @SenWarren is one of the best. Ask the former CEO of Wells Fargo #Fraud @TheDemocrats #MaPoli
Seriously do you even have a clue of what is happening in this country get a grip woman and I use that term lightly in your case
Warning?  @POTUS will let you vacation at Guantanamo Bay.
We will persist and we will be at your back. #wearewithyou #youareourinspiration #resistance #whiterose
So will we Pocahontas.
sit down and be quiet
@NorthEastLeo old hack lol
inciting resurrection are we? How traitorous, even for a faje injun.
so this is kind? Paid troll 
drop dead
@asamjulian @kupajo322 ..considered and rejected. Get over yourself lady, you ain't gonna be President. You have no power.
You were painfully silent about #DAPL unfortunately, and they're your own people.
Please sit down and shut up, how embarrassing you've been to the country, shame on you...
@ProducerCavi libs are dead in the water 
turn on your TV , 100's of thousands of Iranians right now in the streets yelling "DEATH TO AMERICA" . Should we give them Visas?
the mosquito control is not working! Go away #Pocahontas

Such a silly insignificant woman! Stand back and honestly look at your behavior. It's petty and beneath your office. Demeaning!
Pocahontas! Lol
KEEP TALKING!!!  And watch your party go further down the toilet... your mouth and lunacy of policy is why your party LOST!
mahalo for your tireless and fearless efforts to advocate for others. As an indigenous person, I stand by you <3
#pocahontas #win
@DocChristopherB still #NASTY after all this b*#%shi*.
@aplsmith5 *I'M WITH HER
Disgracful!!!
stand strong he may call you Pocohantas as an insult but as a descendent I will call you that out of respect. Fight the fight.
Thank you for being our voice!
#smh
Do you like anyone?
#Persisting
You will be President! Your passion for what is right is so strong! Get your campaign ready! We need you!
Hey, just like mosquitoes!
And we will overcome!!!
Consider this YOU&YOUR PATHETIC PARTY'S WARNING! We won't be silent either & we the voters will persist just like we did 11/8/16!
~ Keep up the good work.
the DNC should come up with official nickname for Trump. Unanimously call him S#%tforbrains, works for him !
Dam right we will no more orange man ..we will end dictator trump once and for all
thank god you're finally on the job bringing to light ppl who break the law. Eric Holder needs to be watched carefully!
You will give an account to God for your actions...Explain to him why you push your pathetic sin agenda.
yes we know we here your BIG MOUTH all the time !!!!!
maybe U will put on warpaint & chicken feathers ?!?!?
We will speak out to. Representative Adams serves a Red District. Thank you!!!!
Elizabeth Warren for POTUS 2020!!
I really hope in 4 years the dems have this fake Indian wannabe as there prez candidate#gift
Thank you for being that annoying woman in the Senate.#Neverthelessshepersisted. signed another annoying woman.
Sit down & SHUT UP FOR A CHANGE!
@stokenewington Ms. Warren you will also lose like Clinton.  We know what you are up to.  All about your party not country.
I am with you! Keep on fighting!!
