@lorac328 @realDonaldTrump When will someone have the BALLS to get the Russians OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE!  Enough is enough !
We had a Muslim in the WH for 8 years and he continues to terrorize from the shadows.
We had a Catholic there too....a Christian, a Slave Owner, an Episcopalian, a Quaker, A Methodist.....Now we have a Sociopath.
@chatty42 @realDonaldTrump  Do you really think GOP will stop? I don't  bcz they are complicit/compromised with Putin's money.
amazing statement.
we are putting the country first. You're not. Trump is right again and you're still a lying fauxahontas
he is right again? About what? He's about deflection and personal gain ONLY, open ur eyes #impeach
When you step down, you are out of your league.
@FBI If DJT has been investigated since July, why wasn't that made public, yet Clinton's was? Hmmm. Politics?
HELLO?  WHEN WILL YOU PUT A STOP TO CHARADE AND PUT COUNTRY FIRST....THAT IS THE QUESTION!
When will you give back the money you stole pretending to be Native American???
The GOP does put the country first. Unfortunately, that country is Russia. @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html …
Lizzie, your tinfoil hat must be on too tight. #LooneyLeft
Real question is WHEN WILL YOU PUT COUNTRY FIRST, or at least ahead of E Warren. Have a press conf. in front of your multi million $ home.
When will you Democrats present real evidence?
Isn't the real charade what the democrats are doing?
Senator Warren, the GOP charade will never end 'cause of their iniquities.
Yes! Heart of the issue IMO. How did this happen? We can't pass bills/confirm judges until this is resolved! Wish I cld help. TY

When will the Dems end this baseless witch hunt?? Show me a SINGLE shred of evidence, or shut up about Russia @SenWarren!!
lets begin with your false claims of heritage for gain
More importantly...why are we giving a POTUS under FBI investigation a SCOTUS nominee vote?
because it's all bullshit and you can't seem to grasp your finite minds around it
I love how Trump supporters think they are the only ones smart enough to grasp what's going on.
Its for sure you dimwits don't know what's happening.
Considering you don't know me or my intelligence level that's quite an ignorant statement. Trump loves the uneducated, remember?
With @SpeakerRyan and @SenMajLeader It's #PartyFirst always has been, always will be.  @GOP
so very accurate... they only think of themselves. They fooled many
They won't. Their loyalty is to money, not country.
@scot_bmw328sjc @realDonaldTrump when will yo be arrested for breaking he law for insider trading and real estate profiteering
Rice, Rice, Rice, Rice, Rice
do they not drug test senators?  You are a quack Pocahontas
When Pocahontas decides she doesn't belong in politics
I heard there was "Possible" proof Liz is actually a human. Probably a hoax, fake news is rampant on MSNBC
When will you people ever confront Obama about surveiling us, Lie-a-watha? UR the 1s sworn to protect & defend.
Let's investigate those "high cheek bones" that  got you paid as a minority.
@realDonaldTrumpWish If you would be with ourPresident instead of putting him down help this countryWe should worry about Korea

When will you do something for our country besides whine and look for donors?  Anyone who gives you $ is nuts.
I would take a look at your own. Did you watch MSNBC today?
They are scared to death because they know he is in trouble
say Liz, U think there was collusion between the DNC & Hillary to dump Bernie? or Loreta Lynch & slick Willie? maybe?
Sen.why R U mum re Clinton-Russia ties? Russia-tied $100 Million to Clinton Foundation?  OK w U, right?
yes he should build BORDER wall, Create Jobs and Block refugees from syria, libya etc..
What?  you know as well as I do that there is nothing there.  DNC fabrication.  pathetic at that.
When will you you put your hate aside for @realDonaldTrump & build on love not hate for our President Trump who puts America 1st?
How about Democrats end their charade and nominate a Supreme Court judge? People first, right?!
I recall they investigated Hillary too.....was SHE guilty ?
WRONG! Fake news
when will either of you moronic parties put America first?
Not in my lifetime. The GOP is in it for the GOP and the $ they represent.
And then, there's your pal, Hillary  https://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html …
There. Is. Nothing. To. Find.  However Obama was another story https://www.infowars.com/russian-ambassador-sergey-kislyak-appeared-as-obama-white-house-visitor-at-least-22-times/ …
Talk about charades? Yikes! What about the one you pulled as a faux native to get a job?
right after the dems stop spreading lies and obsessing over #fakenews
They have the choice to be a Profile in Courage or they can go down with Trump.
@SenWarren @EdRedstateblues @realDonaldTrump
When have they ever put country above party?
when will you all stop with this false narrative?
if the @gop has a #charade going then the Democrats are in #thematrix
you mean how Clinton is walking free?
how about put the people first like Donald wants to.
I seem to remember a pretty shady deal that you were in up to your neck in. Hmm How did you avoid prosecution?
#MAGA @SenWarren we will not stop until you finally go to prison for you corruption and the deal with Norton's.
ask Hillary.
Sick of the Russian divertion. Discuss some real valid, crooked things that happened in the past 8 years?
WHEN WILL THE DEMOCRATS QUIT THE CHARADES?? RIDICULOUS BUNCH OF CRY BABIES!! THE POTUS NEEDS TO GIVE PACIFIERS!!
When will the Democraps PUT COUNTRY FIRST? What about the collision between Russia and Hillary? Stop the W-HUNT!
WHEN IS LOUIS LERNER AND WHOEVER TOLD HER TO TARGET CONSERVATIVES GOING TO JAIL?

. Like the democrats have for the past 8 yrs. Pulling wool over there eyes. truth is coming out and you cnt stand
never,  all they care about are Tax Breaks
nothing to see
@cybranded @realDonaldTrump Coming from a grandstanding fraudulent millionaire Native American.
Hahaha. Hypocracy at its best. Just ask @BernieSanders
The bigger question is - what are the Republicans afraid of?  We need to know the truth.
You and your Sister crooked Hilary should be investigated, along with Obama and go to prison!
when you enslaving democrats get a brain.
u R making it so easy 4 me 2 get more of my people 2 come 2 GOP side like we did. Seniors who travel the country
Oh the Country not the People! ONLY ILLEGALS ANS MUSLIMS!!!
WHERE R UR TAXES LIZ? DID U PAY 13% LIKE BERNIE & HAVE 3 OR MORE HOUSES TOO?? R U WEALTHY LIKE BERNIE WHILE STEALING OUR MONEY?
don't play parties Mrs. @SenWarren , both parties need to put country over party interests.
FBI investigating over 7 mos & still no real evidence at all! When will the Dems end the charade & put U.S. 1st?
call this what it is #TrumpsTreasons
they are too embarrassed to grow up and accept the outcome.  Wah, wah.
collusion was berween Clinton, Obama and Putin.  Put the blame where it belongs.
when will you stop and put the country first
Either they really suck at their jobs, or.....THEIRS NOTHING THERE!!!!! And we both know there's nothing!!
THE TRUMP CARE BILL AND PAUL RYAN BILL!!!
country first really....what have you done to put country first
@co_rapunzel4 @pharris830 #Veterans Pssstttt.....On 7th Anniversary of ACA (ObamaCare) Two Words Come to Mind: Thanks Obama
shame they dont investigate tarmak meetings. Hypocrite
 yes when will this happen ? Thank you Ms.Warren thank you very much
GOP will only put country first when it aligns w what's best for them. Which is misguided. If the US goes down we ALL go down.
COME CLEAN - YOU CHEAT - LIE - DISTORT - FABRICATE - #wethepeople ARE SICK OF YOU - STEP DOWN - GET OUT
never. He's a liar.
not in your lifetime Elsie. These bastards are all on the take. Keep fighting
They don't care about country, only $$$. Trump is an assclown.
when pigs fly
#fakenews lololll you din't listen yesterday? Ho by the way are you still an indian?
Come on get real, it is money first and country second.
YOU need to help us, your constituents help you fight! We in MA feel like we have no voice because our reps are all on our side!
be careful what you wish for. Sliwly the truth is coming out and your not going to like it.  Tick tock
The GOP has-never put the people first
Don't you have enough info to NOT rely on Comey and FBI? If you don't: 
https://twitter.com/ekcj1234/status/840410366978985984 …
Guess Comey does not want to go to prison?
And why put ANY trust in the FBI? Comey? Giuliani? Give a me f*cking break!
Ythats just not their thing.
Because WINNING comes first. No matter what the cost. The GOP would cut off its own nose if that's what it took
@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
@andyrosebrook @realDonaldTrump haha like u & your lib pals and obama? What a joke. Libs care about themselves and votes not USA
Shut up Liz you a fink. Pay back the money for your Native American scholarships you got. Put honesty first. 
Paul Ryan TOLD Nunes to bring the intelligence information to Trump. Are there no consequences for interfering?
How do we Trust a president whos under Investigation&already interfering w the House investigation via Paul Ryan
oh honey your party is the charade and were getty tired of your fork tongue
if  is impeached, pls explain why Pence would step in?  Demand a new vote for USA 
they can't.  They are still trying to shift the focus and lock  Hillary Clinton up.
apparently never.  Meanwhile, we would like to see the Democrats fight at every turn, including "no" on Gorsuch.
when the Dems have enough balls between them to demand it, sorry Sen W but force is called for at this point
America is tired of you and your wacko libs witch hunt. You lost!! Get over it.
The TRUTH WILL COME OUT. You will be going to jail with all of them  HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Please do not let this narrative and truth become buried by the GOP distractions and twisting to protect @realDonaldTrump. #truth
They should add Nunes & Paul Ryan to the list of people being investigated for running to Trump with info
when will the democrats stand up and block ALL votes until #russiagate is cleared up?
in 2018 when we vote them out of office if they don't get their heads on straight
you mean like the way you put Israel before our country?
I wish they would but I have little faith in them.....
Is that the same FBI that investigated your beloved Hillary during the election? Funny you didnt talk about that
Stop your charade and listen to Nunes stated that The President was under surveillance/Nothing to do w/Russia!!
call them out for what they are - traitors to our country and democracy & beholden to special interests
After the GOP can sufficiently distance Pence and pass w/e they want, using Trump as scapegoat.
Elizabeth warren please do something
maybe when the Dems quit their whining and complaining and do the same, put country 1st #stopthehypocrisy
NEVER! They need to be replaced with ppl who care about America and it's citizens!
this is one sick woman! Will do anything for attention!
They never did. They just revel in the present power.
I don't know that the GOP ever will I think they're up to their necks in it and will be taking down with him
Because in america it is - & has allways been - $$$ first.
Easy answer? It all ends in 2018.
We're going to have to forcibly remove the traitors.
@TheDemocrats #TrumpRussia #Bloodbath2018
@CHCmobile @realDonaldTrump go get um pocahontas
@CHCmobile @realDonaldTrump why isn't Jeff #sessions being held accountable for lying to Senate?
lying about what?
When do you? Are you aware of any collusion we are not? Take your head out of the sand and put Country first.
Just heard Ryan got a Republican to change his vote to yes. This is disgusting.
@MoireGarner @realDonaldTrump Dey have 8 yrs hatred built up against beautiful Pres Obama,it's taking em awhile get dat bile out!
never..its not in their DNA
The GOP is too busy selling our internet privacy and trading healthcare to give tax cuts to the rich. Damn they are busy beavers
How dare ANY DEMOCRAT, especially YOU, challenge ANYONE to put the nation 1st when all u do hurt it, constantly.
they never will. And their base will think they did
Senator Warren, you speak for me and millions of other Americans. You are our voice!
She is brain wiped
