He is an INSIDER TRADER
STop reading FAKE NEWS ! Franken BUYS and SELLS  NO SUCH THING ! Price SELLS when he does LAWS to MAKE $
CROOKED PRICE wants to SLASH MEDICARE for SENIORS and LET THEM DIE !
@SenWarren 1 TRILLION in CUTS - CROOKED PRICE HAS BLOOD on his HANDS! NO $ = NO SURGERY YOU DIE DUMMY
Price is a criminal who should be hauled off in handcuffs.
1. If he does he isn't told about it. 2. Franken isn't up for a cabinet position. How's the swamp?
Correct. Tom Price is a criminal.
No, you described Tom Price. We have proof he's corrupt. Show me Franken proof. Doesn't exist.
Martha Stewart did JAIL TIME for INSIDER TRADING LOOK what REP TOM PRICE DID ! SHAME ON REPUBLICANS
he did not!  Don't just blindly believe
STOP defending the man! IT IS UNETHICAL and IMMORAL - POOR LAPSE in JUDGEMENT this MAN HAD ! SHAMEFUL
more disgusting racists remarks from another deplorable.
because you say it's fake we should all agree. Go pray to your manchurian candidate. Hick
that's a disgusting term used to describe us in the 60's.  You have no clue. Hick
Tom Price is a social darwinist of the first order. The only thing that matters to him is money.
Dems NOT committed to affordable health care!!! Price WILL BE CONFIRMED
if every Democrat at the hearings weren't being such bullies and let price, and devos speak instead of interupting
with a "burn" Everytime they attempted to speak their piece. Very unfair to the American peoplewho wanted know theirviews
I am with you all the way, Sen. Warren!
You voted for the ACA without even reading it. What the hell do we pay you for?
Do U & other Senators understand how frightened millions of us R? ACA, Medicare, Medicaid, SS, they want to trash it all.
not true
You're going to learn here soon. Republicans HATE those programs. Good luck!
I do not believe that!
Doesn't matter what you believe. It's what they told you they will do.
agreed!
my bad, they slashed $700 billion from Medicare...
Please continue to fight the crook.
Price believes in protecting all Americans health care not just 1 in 3.
-healthcare should be a right for any person that lives on this planet, it shouldn't be for the rich are those who can afford!
STOP the insanity! You are creating a divisive America!
Did you mean to say 'divided'?   How is being mad about wrecking a functioning insurance system for poor people wrong?
Right! Thank you for fighting this terrible nominee!
#TRUMP ha
Fuckers U need to protesting murdering
Hillary Clinton
Obama & Hillary Clinton murdering campaign
Keep up the good fight, Senator Warren. We LUV YOU for it!!!!
I'd rather he protect the 2/3 or 3/3 than the 1/3, u biased hateful hack!
#fauxcahantas
@SenWarren @HHSGov
@Incilin Only problem is Harry Reid changed rules so that a simple majority is all needed to confirm so U can't stop. Oops! 
so you want him to take away your healthcare? Ok
Didn't comment on that.Just funny when Dem bullying blows up in their face. Hysterical.
: OINK OINK Piggy, you obviously need nothing. You are 1 of those who won't fit in the eye of a NEEDLE Hell
Again,just laughing at Harry Reid's blunder.Karma is a bitch.
you figured that out already?? you are a little brighter than the average nazi: most will need a year or so. BLOTUS
But there is nothing you can do about it 
for the people! We will see how honest, upright, and caring this Republican party and cabinet is! The people are watching
better....Revisit the ACA  and add to it...it doesn't need to be repealed. That strategy lacks wisdom and consideration
He's definitely not the right one! Making so.ething accessible doesn't guarantee coverage! Keep what we have and make it
Definitely not the right person. Only cares for himself & not American people.  Do not confirm this man!
AMEN Senator Warren!
I have become a stronger woman because of the woman you are.  I thank you.
Is there any hope this jerk will not be confirmed?
You claim you care. Well help my parents who lost their good insurance, now pay 1600 and all their med expenses out of pocket
@HHSGov@westgal51 I concer...Vote against!!
IUSED TO BE A DEMOCRAT!! ICHANGED BECAUSE OF EVIL ANTI AMERICAN POLICYS LIKE SENATOR WARREN ! I VOTED FOR TRUMP 
keep them straight up there on the hill. If it was up to republicans  they would take all good/helpful programs away!
.@SenWarren @HHSGov exactly. @RepTomPrice, nobody cares if you're 'offended.' This via @NBCNews. #HHS #NoPrice
i agree.. Please vote againist him
Get real. Dr Price has done more for people already as a physician than you could ever do.
When do we get to see the republican trickle down healthcare plan?
I would like 2 c health care 4 all Keep for profit private companies out! All they want is $! RN 45 yrs. Medicare 4 all!
Elizabeth 2020!
Trump thinks nominating cabinet positions is like a business negotiation. Start with an outrageous demand to get what you want.
Pocahontas, why not shake Devon hand? Don't like smart, strong women?
That's the reason Trump picked him. Right for Trump, Wrong for Americans
@babsiemay #WomensHealth #CIA #Navy #USMC #Veterans #Education #Manners Afraid? You Should Be: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJquRp5__oY …
Boo hoo cry me a river...
Your oversimplification & filibustering of any pt care VALUE discussion was not missed by those of us with a brain. #tomprice
I'm agree with Senator Warren
exactly!  This is a NO vote!!!  Without a doubt
Thank you for standing up !!!
Fill the swamp!
Price is an idiot. He thinks abortions cause breast cancer
All these appointees are beyond scary. Thank you Sen Warren. Terrified for future. #whyIMarch . Sure we will have many.
Sen Warren, you and others doing a great job exposing Trump's bottom feeders! 
Every day you amaze me, just when I think you couldn't be any more useless, obnoxious & reprehensible you prove me wrong
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts #lyawatha so do you mean the 30 million as opposed to the 300 million???
I don't care for Price's price of healthcare. Don't hire the dude. He's so not worth anything he has to offer to Trump.
agreed!
he's a horrible choice but then picked from the swamp that trump "hates"
thank you for standing up for us. You slayed Price.
amen
@WienerJaMD @HHSGov Thank you @SenWarren! Love your fearlessness & patriotism.
Keep fighting for us. There are very few like you.
As a poor white woman on disability his arrogance the today scared me and had me loosing hope.
I totally agree!!!
@BrianPaulStuart @HHSGov Thank you for fighting for us @SenWarren
@michellegallow2 @HHSGov right on
@HHSGo RIGHT!  Why do I have to take mandatory ethics training at my job to keep it and shady ppl can just walk into one!? Nooo!
I was a financial advisor and this is clearly a SEC violation with his stock trade. Insider trading!
you Rock. Keep up the good work.
and I don't think you are the right person for the job you are doing
All democrats where agents 350 million Americans with the disgraceful OBAMACARE, and I don't see you worry about us.
YES POCAHANTAS
@SenSanders #DeVosHearing https://www.facebook.com/baldpianoguy/videos/1627517420887971/ …
Amen!
I guess you are to good to shake somebodies hand after hearing. Not a gracious loser.
if Democrats don't stop giving everything for Free off hardworking taxpayers your gonna see a revolt your ass can't take
give them hell for us he is wrong!
Vote no!
yes i can see that
Price seems more interested in protecting his portfolio than Americans health.#PriceNotRight
Stop the SOB then !
firs you have to vote for it, then you can find out what's in it.....oh sorry, only a moron would do that.
You lost, you don't matter. We are tired of you, just go away.
agree......billionaire criminals.
He has too many conflicts of interest as does most of the Trump billionaire appointees. PLEASE stand our ground! Thank U
Disappointed to hear majority of trump nominees will probably be approved Don't feel Dems fighting hard enough for us!
I agree
I'm glad u don't get to decide that all by yourself Pocahontas
You have a lot of republican haters here Elizabeth.  YOU MUST BE DOING A GREAT JOB.
Elizabeth Warren is a working persons hero, I love you, kick the lying asses of the GOP.
bounce the bum if you can
None of this cabinet is the right person anyways.
It's irresponsible of you to put fear in the country.Tom Price alone will NOT have the power/authority to reduce benefits
Thank you for fighting for us Sen Warren.  #TheResistance
You have to stop some of these picks Ms. Warren.
Price!s arrogance & entitlement offends me,creating legislature & week later buy stock support by that legislature.
you need to pay back the money you took claiming you were an Indian!
Thank you for protecting #healthcare for all!
Apparently, u have to much time on your hands for all these tweets. Time to be a Senator & bring this Country together.
thank you for your dogged lines of questioning these candidates. They are truly troubling.
@SSWorks @HHSGov and just how do you see blocking him?
get a life, stop trying to remain relevant
Agreed.
you should just retire....you have done nothing in the last 8 years at least....just talk, talk and talk
will U be going 2 inauguration? Under normal election Ofcourse, but this man does not deserve the attn or respect. Illegitimate
Thanks @SenWarren for asking the tough questions It's obvious that Tom Price is corrupt concerning investing in stocks
Loved the way you held him accountable when he tried to avoid answering your questions! #WeCanDoBetter
seems to care only about 1 in 3 Americans. @HHSGov seems to worry about 3 in 3 Americans.
you are so out of touch with reality, I wish your could see how rude you act, 
What can I and others do, if anything? This is sickening to watch on television.
thanks for putting their ft to the fire. Amazing hw evasive they r. No clear answers. Keep on going! Amrcn pepl r bhnd u!
Nix him and DeVoss. Neither one of them know jack about the positions they've been nominated for! They are scary.
must call our Senator's  vote no
DT is playing us like a fiddle. Price will do his Dirty Work so he won't have to take responsibility like A coward. Sad
Self-employed here. GET ME OUT OF THAT POOL!
Low income/bad health habits, pre-existing, chronic, etc.
$1500 mo for two!
Obamacare has destroyed healthcare for those who have to pay, and can't afford deductibles
don't vote him in! The democratic constituency is relying on ALL OF YOU TO KEEP THEM OUT!!
Perhaps someone should let the fake injun in on the fact her party lost.....  Elections have consequences someone said.
.@SenWarren My Rep @reptomprice isn't concerned about his own constituents, why would he care about all Americans? http://www.wral.com/in-price-s-ga-district-what-happens-after-health-repeal/16442896/ …
Liz doesn't give a rats ass about Massachusetts. She cares about her fame and fortune only!
Thank you. The ACA saved my life. 2 organ transplants later, still kicking. Keep fighting for life.
Please keep fighting  for us...
your not the right person for the senate. Will need to impeach you for treason
just like we don't commit to ever vote for you
you are amazing, thank you for fighting for what's right!
Is it really heath care if they cant afford the deductible. They might have an insurance card but doesn't do any good
You are the second coming of #Moonbat @NancyPelosi So good for conservatives. Thank you #fakeahauntis
keep fighting for universal health care
It's time to stop crying. Hillary lost the election.
I totally agree.... what have we got 'ourselves' into
Please don't let him get elected.
proud to have civil servants that can and will speak for the ppl. #warren2020
too bad. He's gonna do it Pocahontas.
Yes! SPEAK IT!  #priceiswrong #blockprice
The formalities shouldn't be necessary when an individual is known to be unfit for the office

Warren, how many times, please go back to sleep and go play with your corrupt Hillary Pay for Play. She's needs more cash
We are counting on you, no Price, Tillerson, Devos, and most importantly no Sessions!
only 20 million are on ACA.  That's 1/3 of ameicans?
unfortunately Manchin will support every last one of Trump's appointees
We need to send him packing. Al Packa his bags
He won't.
thank you for staying comitted to protecting them
@danawsparks @HHSGov that's not what I heard him say.
yeah I saw you tearing into him too bad you didn't have a rattan cane to beat them with


it was too bad you ran out of time today, you were on  
You're just a shifty lawyer
but he'll be confirmed.
Absolutely, but how can we stop him when GOP has the votes? Price, Pruitt, DeVos are the most dangerous nominees in my book
No Dems will be voting to confirm him, correct?
where were ur qstns when King Obama promised we'd keep our DRs and rates wouldn't triple? U don't rep the people. U rep gov power
get a real job, Pocahontas, and get your hands out of our pockets. If you want something, pay for it yourself.
I agree but he'll get pushed through
FU nut job Warren! Damn oxygen thief!!
He won't, and he's not.
you might be the most hostile, irrational, and outright mean woman I've ever witnessed occupy a public office. Please retire
So, you will vote no?
-and just WHO wants to listen to this little weasel who ONLY likes her OWN voice and mirror !!
it doesn't who the Rep up there you would have an issue with them!  It clear to me your grandstanding for maybe a run
whoever Trump appoints you are going to block it anyway so stop the hypocrisy!! #MAGA
Brother in law Dr who is very left knows Dr. Price and says one of smartest people he knows,, you are insulting
@charles_gaba @HHSGov If he won't protect family planning rights, then he's not protecting any of us-women, children, our fams.
It is just shameful that this heartless SOB will put forward a plan that will cause many people to die without coverage.
Tired of your negativity,. Walk across the aisle and work for unity &change
think about this: what if we control medical  costs. example: the boot for my broken leg was over $400!
You're a evil woman!
agree
