I asked Deputy AG Rosenstein to commit in writing that Mueller has full independence. The American people deserve it. 
@SenKamalaHarris bravo keep up the good work. The blatant misogyny is on full display
Her blatant Cocky attitude was on Full display
Thank you!! That is a perfect example of sexism.
If she were GOP you'd be calling her every name in the book so you can step aside
False. Our message is: women's rights=humans rights. We would call out a Dem doing the same thing.
Wrong look at the way @CondoleezzaRice @KellyannePolls @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @OMAROSA @BetsyDeVosED has been and is treated
Condolezza Rice is a respected leader, the others, not so much. Each carries their own baggage and any issues are with them not their gender
She was rude
If she were GOP and he were a Dem you'd call her a rude bitch so get over yourself already. The feminist narrative is old and tiresome
Pipe down
She represents all Americans. We feel the same way, the same tone of voice. We are more indignant! Than you .@SenKamalaHarris Thank you.
Great example of why we don't have a lady in WH, but a crook. 
#sexism in America
"Lady"? A criminal globalist child rapist and drug trafficker. Thank God! We have what's best for humanity. His name is @realDonaldTrump 
Best for humanity? Wake up. Most of the US (and most of the world) knows you're wrong.
Those who are still brainwashed. Wait for it. It will be a long ride. And I'm never wrong :)
Brainwashed?? To recognize a pathological liar and demonstrable fool as a danger to humanity? He's a constant embarrassment. :)
Amazing how discourteous chair is by interrupting Kamala as she attempts to get a simple Yes or No answer rather than verbal bull manure.
She badgered the witnesses. Few questions of this nature can be answered with 'yes' or 'no'. She's a bully like most liberals.
The one she asked was a yes or no question. She actually said the words "yes or no?" not "explain this..." or "dance around this question"
That's a perfect example of badgering the witnesses. Most questions can't be answered with 'yes' or 'no'. Like many liberals, she's a bully.
But this one could be answered yes or no, he just chose to add a narrative. Like many republicans, you are ignoring facts
She wants him to look bad for her audience, but he deserves to explain why 'no' is the correct answer; the statute compliant answer.
No he doesn't. Agree to disagree. You don't get to do that in a court of law.
Badgering a witness is something else one can't do in a court of law. She badgered him and others as well.

Lmao.. dem's will surely lose in 2020 at this rate #idiots
Agreed -- both of you.  PERSIST!
Kamala Harris just got spanked in isle 5 of Walmart, in front of all her friends! #SenateIntelHearing #KamalaHarris
Daily Caller Fake News
Which one of these other sources covering Kamala's spanking would you prefer?
No evidence of a  spanking ..Just don't  run around questions  on oath.
Wonder if any spanking went on here?
Daily caller? Really?
We could go with an article from WaPo
Why this specific  article  before  election day?
questions excellent...what protocol was Sessions relying on? McCain was trying to save him further embarrassment
KEEP FIGHTING THANK YOU KAMALA! @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris
Oh please, get real, you are all treason to a true America people
I'm quite sure this is how your dinner table is run. Whooo doggie.  Wow!
It's because she was an interrupting, rude b!tch, Liz. How about that?
So much for getting at the truth! Kamala persisted!
She didn't get anything. She just acted like a typical, bitchy female.
Sighhhhh... until we women stop cannibalizing our own, we will remain recreation for misogyny. 
Stop the crap. FYI, I don't have anyone's back simply because we are the same sex. This misogyny claim is nothing more than a crutch.
We can disagree respectfully without using the language historically trotted out to marginalize our contributions and value. 
Case in point, I don't "have your back" at this moment 
Wouldn't want you to have my back. Nice try in a slam though. Go back to your safe spot.
Warren you are a fool.  I watched and wanted to hear his responses but she would not let him respond.  U have to listen to hear. #truthhurts
Kampala badgered Senate Testimony several times. Not surprised by your support for such a tactic. Bullying/coercing others a Demwit tactic!
You are the best! You nailed Asst. AG to the wall!
Good work Kamala perfect timing to have you there in DC You and Elizabeth are our greatest hope
Outrageous rudeness to @SenKamalaHarris! Inspiration to persist!
BS.
I was appalled by Harris' hostility, rudeness and hatefulness. Her behavior is what was just unbelievable!
Only a WOMEN is told to be polite ! She's doing her job ! And doing it well ! This  is 2017 WOMEN will never be silenced again
She was not told 2 be POLITE. She was told 2 let the guy answer the questions she was peppering him w/. Being female doesn't give u a pass
If you are going to ask questions, allow the people to respond...@senkamalaharris was extremely rude, glad she was put in her place!
"Put in her place"? Who the hell do you think you are?
Right because women are superior and should be able to be as rude as they want to other humans u demented bigot
The questions were right on! Ignore the hate.
This is just further proof that @SenKamalaHarris and the rest of the democratic Congress was raised by wolves! #liberalshavenomanners
How perfect. Backing from one loud mouthed wench to another. Dems keep yelling so no one hears the truth.
The way she conducted herself towards sessions was completely unprofessional and flat-out rude that's why she got interrupted
LOL. Being rude to those she questions is not part of the job. She wasn't getting partisan answers she wanted, so she decides to be rude.
She was not 'silenced'. To the contrary, she tried silence the witnesses after asking them questions. He badgered the witnesses. No decorum.
*She didn't silence anyone. She was looking for answers that he was refusing to give.
She was looking for answers that satisfied her hate-filled narrative. When the witnesses told the truth, she sought to silence them.
Okay, cool story 
She's trying to influence the outcome of ongoing investigations. She's undermining the Intelligence Community and Law Enforcement.
Elizabeth come on seriously she interrupted sessions 12 times she was interrupted one time. Have some Integrity in what you say.
Birds of a feather yada, yada, yada
She was more courteous than I would have been!
And that is why your not in a professional setting badgering witnesses. Harris does not know how to act. So she was instructed to do si
Get back to me when YOU learn YOUR "YOU'RE" from YOUR "YOUR." ( See YOUR incorrect sentence attempt above).
Text to speech I just don't care. Just shows how anal you are
Keep being the great women leaders you are! @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris #neverthelessshepersisted
@SenKamalaHarris is my hero! So sick of these white dudes always interrupting female senators when they speak!

#Neverthelessshepersisted
@senatorburr Senator Burr, it was u that was discourteous and rude. Ur attempts 2 discourage questions will not work. The truth will prevail
For questions, answers are necessary. Ignorant Harris wants to ask questions. When the witnesses tell the truth, she want to shut them down.
Sexist, racist old, white men clearly cannot abide Harris' superior intellect and integrity.
Bullshit. She was using her position 2 bully the witness! But just keep playing identity politics. The real women are fed up with this BS!
when there are elections we all have to vote. Always.
She was silenced because she was bang out of order, if your asking questions let people answer them!
Ever been in court?
I have and even when being cross examined they still expect you to answer the questions.
Hey @SenatorBurr if you're silencing people for being discourteous, I've got a @POTUS to show you.
Did you even watch the hearing or are you just listening to another lying Democrat? I watched & that is NOT what happened.
Persist!!
She persisted
Thank you Sen. Warren, my thoughts exactly! mr. burrrrrrr should be ashamed of his actions today but he is the president's lackey
Wow..it's her right and if the shoe was on the other foot that Senator would have cried bloody murder
Oh, you uppity women! When will you learn to be NICE??!!!! LOL
Interesting that the Black woman is chastised for not being courteous.  Same day, different crap
How about silencing her because she wouldn't let him answer. Ask your question and get an answer, anything else is grandstanding.
Bold is essential, when expressed appropriately.  She did not allow the gentlemen to complete a sentence.  So how does that help?
This jerk wouldn't answer the question but the chairman was ok wth that and wants us to listen to his rambling non answer.
Marry me, Senator Warren!
Why ask the question if you're not going to let him speak.

Keep the faith! Mueller has got this, hand picked a top notch investigative team, many being experts in Cyber Crimes! 
#TrumpRussia #Resist 
I thought the same thing - he would not have done that to a man.  Keep fighting!
the "AMERICAN" people deserve better than the lies spread by YOU & fellow Dems w/o proof
Bravo!!!!!
Senator, Intimidation&interrupting free speech are not aligned with the Principals of Democracy that I learned in 8th grade.  Show Respect!
please please please please please run on the same ticket in 2020! Harris/Warren would be AMAZING for this country
Squaw speaks. Harris interrupts everyone. Ask Gen Kelly from last week. She wouldn't let him answer the questions. Stupid
I saw that and it was obviously mighty racist of the chairman! Absolutely chicken shit and now he's exposed himself of his true colors!
Were u
 ever silenced on the "Reservation" Sen. Warren? Those who lie and lack integrity like u should zip it 
Senator Harris I applaud your poise & determination, yet more importantly as an American citizen, I THANK YOU for speaking truth to power!
What truth? All she did was use her position to bully HIM & then everyone wants 2 cry that she was mistreated 4 being female. Sickening!
Shutting up the congressional women by the men seems to be a recurring theme.
Rude, arrogant, idiotic women on the democratic side seem to be a recurring theme.
Didn't your mama teach you to respect women?
Only when they've earned it.  Don't you believe in equality?
Only when it's reciprocated.
Doesn't make sense.  Equality isn't a behavior.  It's a condition....a value.
Keep persisting and pushing @SenKamalaHarris we need you and more like you. #reallifewonderwoman
Why should she it's a yes or no mot classified and they run on with some stupid explanation
They never say anything to that jerk Trey Gowdy for not being courteous! So sick of the @GOP!
Men just cannot stand strong women. If that was a man questioning him that way he would have been praised. Sick of this double standard.
Keep talking Kamala!!! Persist!
were you not also told to shut up by one of these committees Pocahontas? deal with FAKE senator.
It was a woman being assertive! So professional compared to trey Gowdy and others...total misogyny!!
It was a woman being totally disrespectful to military persons whom she had no right to badger. Each of them are 100X greater than her.
Agree. We have 177,000 military men & women in Ca & she goes after Kelly, who lost a son in combat. I'm livid at her.
So proud of our Senator, Kamala! She continues to serve the people of our great state.
Courteous?! Lol, oh, we are so way passed the courtesy stage.
People should be allowed to answer questions, if they don't by all means grill them, but you have to give them a chance first.
Have some class Lizzie. I can read you the definition if you like.
It was the equivalent of telling a woman to know her place, PATHETIC! #KamalaHarris knocked it out the park!!
"That's a no! " persist against these patriarchical windbags
Please keep up the pressure on these men who think whatever they want our say is gospel. Resist silence.
Thank you so much for #Persisting! @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris
Surely no (male, white, Repub) Senator has ever been chided like that.  

Need more Kamlas...
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris & @SenAngusKing for doing your jobs. Possible 2020 ticket King/Harris or vice versa. We need a Teddy Roosevelt.
I love it
As usual. Much ado about nothing.
I believe that her rambling at Rosenstein is an exact copy of your rambling nonsense.U must have been schooled together eh?
Hmmmm....seems like you were subjected to similar treatment at the hands of these bullies...keep up the good fight!
@Liz_Wheeler @SenKamalaHarris @HouseGOP @FoxNews Warren and the Dems are worst than ISIS. How sad America has come to this.
Rude dude McConnell is the style police? Unbelievable.
Unbelievable- keep PERSISTING
Please don't let them 'shush' any of you. Please stand up and fight with the same resolve your male counterparts do. 
Nevertheless We Persist @SenKamalaHarris did a fantastic job with questioning. Can't imagine frustration with the lack of answers
they can't take strong intelligent women
Nevertheless, @SenKamalaHarris  #persisted despite #misogynisticmalepigs trying to silence her
There was nothing misogynistic in telling Kamala 2 let HIM answer her questions! Your identity politics are sickening & embarrassing!
He wouldn't answer the damn question!
She should really smile more when men are preventing her from doing her job of serving the American people.
, her question was asked and SHE over-spoke HIM as he was replying! Insane Liberals!
I see the team your going to push for 2020 already
GOP men inferiority complex always manifests easily around women they prefer to see and not heard. Pathetic
You're a joke Warren. Keep feeding you fascist base. You will lose. So yeah. Keep it up!!

two dems both done nothing's posturing.  Imbecile book ends showing off for b I asked media
The truth came out in the last two days of hearings. You hate-filled liberals do not want the truth. You want lies that conform to your lies
She was down right rude and obnoxious. She didn't want the answers.
Amazing how male members of @SenateGOP @HouseGOP have no concept that women have been elected just like them and have an equal voice.
Beautiful and smart. Such a threat to all u old white guys. Shame
I hope they investigate you saying your a American Indian
@JKiddFan @SenKamalaHarris I'm disgusted.
If I ever saw a woman make that little smile at me I'd be terrified! Head for zee hills!
The Gang of Putin GOP consists of women haters.
Seems like they must have something on almost everybody that has ever spoken to drumpf, otherwise, why do they all seem scared to speak???
They would NEVER SAY THAT TO A MAN.
Bullshit! I have heard men rebuked 4 not letting a witness answer questions. But u go right ahead & keep playing sickening identity politics
PERSIST!!!
It's really beyond believe!
#StrongerTogether #RESIST 
Kamala was phenomenal. Well done
Why you lost-you're delusional-She was not phenomenal in trying to grandstand and was absolutely not courteous-but you go girls;)
Harris clearly used badgering, theatrical, inappropriate, prosecutorial tone. This was a hearing - not a judicial cross examination.
GOP treat women like 
#transparency#nosilence##resisttrumpbullying
She persisted.
Then got her weewee slapped.
Amazed how Kamala is silenced and other reps given latitude...don't be silenced ladies, we needs your voices and the truth on 45. Thank you!
Both of U should be ashamed of yourself.Using your position to showboat & advance a dimwitocrat agenda to obstruct instead of make US better
Grandstanding seems to be your game as well with Kamala Harris. Shame, shame, shame! Try eating a donut, it suits your style.
It looks like someone doesn't want her to get to the truth. The truth? They can't handle the truth!
"So it that a no?"   I love it.  Keep fighting.
It is SAD indeed.  American politicians are not respectful to women and not ready to think of a women president yet.
And yet you persisted!   Well done.
So damn infuriating! Damn courteous. We need truths! Keep fighting @KamalaHarris
She gets in my nerves. I'd have said the same.
Maybe she should learn about his authority before wasting AGs time.
Stay woke, Senators.  Don't let McCain and Co. push you around!
Assume for a second that the litany of judgements and insults to Harris are true: how does that change AG Rosenstein's refusal to answer?
@Cat_McParland @SenKamalaHarris Good job today with those hard question. They can not handle the heat. Do not be deterred. Go go!
You are what is wrong with this country! You show your ignorance by not insisting respect to all from your colleagues! Disgraceful
I asked Deputy AG Rosenstein to commit in writing that Mueller has full independence. to investigate RADICAL LIBERAL DEMOCRATS.
Amen!
They both .....
I like it!!!
A testament to the Elected officials in Nebraska 
Racism, sexism, how about just plain common courtesy - allow those she questioned to answer
Harris was the one trying to silence HIM. Did you even watch?
SO unbelievably sexist...#KEEPGOING
This is never done to the men in the room!  She definitely Persisted! In 4-6 yrs that floor will be a totally new GOP! We're fired up!
Harris  was rude
But she persisted.
you give women a bad name
What is with this terrible treatment of women - most women in politics are =ly to more qualified than their male counterparts  #NthelessSP
She did persist.  Awesome! You both make me proud! I am trying to teach and demonstrate this philosophy on to my granddaughter!
Sexist as well.
Boys reprimand the women again.  #Neverthelessshepersisted
California Represent !!!!!!!
She should be ashamed of herself. Compared to hom@& his service she is a little baby girl. Grow up & learn some respect.
There was one person who was being rude and incompetent... and that was @SenKamalaHarris
Your awesome @SenWarren for defending @SenKamalaHarris she asked a legitimate question which deserved an answer @SenatorBurr who was rude
As a women looking to see progress, the whole state of politics right now is very scary. #neverbackdown #keepfighting
we deserve answers. They were avasive to both sides of the isle.
Took a play from McConnell's play book. Harris was going to say something but chair moved on. BULLY.
fight like hell!
@AndyKindler @SenKamalaHarris His unwillingness to answer tells us everything. Is we part of a coverup?
well let's see- she she had 5 minutes and wouldn't let him answer the obvious question. mueller is "independent"....
Committee Chair put on a stunning display of sexism yesterday. Women must be courteous. Men, not so much. Fight on @SenKamalaHarris
My name is Kamilah
Wow. The GOP is past the point of no return with this Russia story. #CoverUp
#soisthatano forevermore. This will be our response to all attempts to not be forthright and truthful. Thanks, Kamala.
But, if that approach is what you choose - be prepared for the same from GOP when they question DEMs. And, you know it's coming.
I love that he handed her her stupid ass!!!
At this point, courtesy is the last thing I want from legislators. #Persist seeking truth, no matter who it offends. We deserve answers.
She deserved it. For being bitchy.
Unbelievable that he chose to say those words, instead of pointing out that the guests have to answer questions
Blatant mysogony
Where is Lorena Bobbit when you need her? 
Said one dipstick to another!
Keep fighting ladies!!!
Unbelievable. I recall another Senator recently being silenced...what do they both have in common...
That they are both idiots.
@dacullington. This deserves a retweet. Answer Sen. Harris, YES or NO! The silence in that room does speak volumes, as did Sen. Harris photo
Unfortunately every female lawyer on the planet has been told at least once to be quiet,  be nice or smile more.  Ugh!
AMEN!!
Shush. We don't need a lecture from a culture-appropriating blowhard.
Crazy
Talking in circles!!  What a blatant jackass
Oh HELLLL NAW!!!
Condescending shushing of smart, powerful women is lame. True patriotism = liberty, equality, and justice for ALL of US #WONDERWOMEN
Keep kicking ass ladies!
The biggest political hack on Senate Intel Committee today is former San Francisco District Attorney & CA Attorney General @SenKamalaHarris
