And fake Indians can serve in Congress.  Go figure.
sometimes an outsider is better. People from within system are doomed to repeat same mistakes. Common Core sucks
This is a fallacy. Like saying an OBGYN can't be a man.
But she rich biotch!
Betsy is all about the money. Not actual learning.
I think you just described the NEA.
plus she wants $$$
Ask Sen Warren about the cost of college and highly paid professors who barely teach. Follow the $.
you haven't learned anything that's the point
@Watchdogsniffer @usedgov Position DeVos holds is owning private schools that make profit off of vouchers & credits. NO TO DEVOS
Good thing the Dems lost the House, Senate and WH. You really have nothing to say.
Sorry. I have the right 2demand public education&leaders not profit off it. U shld 2.
I do. That's why getting rid of teachers unions and 90% of administrators is key.
Might agree w/unions & 50%admin, but not agree w/privatisation espec when DeVos owned
You are bound to the unions not student achievement. Shame.
We need someone who has been in the trenches who gets it.  Not someone with no experience or is so far removed.
who do you recommend. She has been involved with education for years
You can't stop it Pocahontas #Whiner  @SenWarren @usedgov
As an educator, she's not the right fit--R or D.  It's not about party lines, it's about the children.
 no is not the deplorable education system we have is proof of that! FAIL!!
My ? is...have you ever taught or worked in schools? I see you have been educated in Trumpese.
really?  U free to think what ever honey! But the school system is BROKEN!
Thank you for speaking out on DeVos. I wish education was a priority for more senators.
Devos is going to fix the damn system that is broken.
In what way? Bringing back teacher led prayer? 
That's s good start. God bless you
So what if the teacher is Muslim? You fine with Allah led prayer? Freedom of Religion after all :-)
The one that teaches kids to kill Christians Nah.
I will deport you from Sen office!
Maybe a new person thinking outside the Box of the failing norm, could change the trajectory of student progress
And how do you think she'll do that if she hasn't seen whats wrong with it face to face?
If you are not in the Toilet. You might see what's plugging it up!
a simple toilet =/= education systems from the non-student perspectives
The teacher unions run it.They are more worried about their Power then the Students.Have family in Education
well, it isn't like education is doing awesome right now. So maybe, just maybe; those positions aren't the best qualifiers.
People with no experience or are so far removed need not apply. Most admins. forget about the child's needs.
"Most admins" what evidence do you have to back this up?
I've been in ed for yrs.  Some get it, but a lot forget about what it's like to be in a classroom.
Anecdotal evidence isn't a persuasive argument.
completely agree with this statement.
which is why she is the best pick to CLEAN UP our school systems across the board, corruption at the top!
And @CNN said you earned a salary of $430,000 from Harvard. What's wrong with THAT picture?
Thank u Senator Warren 4 speaking out 4 education & against Betsy DeVos.  I am a product of the US public school system.
That is not the endorsement you think it is.
Yes, it is.  I am proud to be a product of public schools.  Thank you, Senator Warren.
Another rich kid who can't understand that inner city schools aren't like hers.
Rich kid wtf who is coming into power Mr  I lived in a bubble for 70 years and all his billionaire brats
#PresidentTrump You lost cuz ppl saw your laser focus on your own vagina.
I needed a laugh. Thank you for that.
At least she isn't lying about her family and squeezing $400k from a college for a single class. Grow up.
#waronwomen
and you serve as what?  A high and mighty overlord of my Democratic Party.  That's why we turned on you.  You lost us.
DeVos: rich religious bigot/hypocrite who wants to shove her agenda down ppl's throats, like she's a moral authority 
Do you have reading/ comprehension issues?
How about Obama the Traitor?  Leave out the Kenyan thing. Is that better for you?
Yawn. Nope! Nite nite!
DeVos said she won't even accept a salary. $1 the most. Are you anti Trump that stupid. you all protest Trump cabinet members without facts.
oh please. If Hillary had nominated a non teacher you'd have jumped for joy.

#publicschoolssuck
#dts
<<you nasty old woman, you have no redeeming qualities, Let the Trumps have their moment without your screeching @usedgov
so?
You wrote about the merits of vouchers in 2003, made a compelling case. Can't help but think you're a phony.
What's up Mrs Atahualpa.
Damn, does that mean she doesn't possess the wisdom of those who brought us common core?  
@SenWarren @usedgov
funny how all of a sudden you're against school choice when you wrote about the need for it in your book. Teachers union payin u?
so if you think she has 2 have worked in the industry she regulates does that mean we should have big oil in dept of en?
Precisely why DeVos is a great selection. We need fresh leadership with new ideas. Schools are not working you do know?
You aren't vertical smart are you?
Wow! You know what you did to Antonio Weiss right ?
Hey Squaw Warrenhantas, for many moons, heap many secretaries come from land beyond buffalo -- from outside industry.
insanity: doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. Poor people deserve better You have failed
How about we go back to pre-1980 and eliminate this dept altogether and give control back to states
Is she a parent? Parents are the forgotten and important voice in educating THEIR CHILDREN. @SenWarren @usedgov
Good, since you never worked in the private sector, this means you should never be able to regulate it
What qualifies a Senator?
this is the most horrific person.. Please stop her!
Even more disturbing is that she did not bother to educate herself about the laws and issues she would be responsible 4
Betsy Devos is totally unqualified get nomination is a insult to educators everywhere stop this woman PLEASE
she must not hold the position, she is not fit and not deserving like her boss.
The PEOTUS was "hired" w/ no,none,nada,zilch experience.
He considers it his best quality & looks 4 the same in others.
Pls have her attend 1 IEP meeting with me. Let her see how real people live.
Republicans are incapable of governance, @GOP prove it everyday.
How do Rep. sleep at night. Knowing the donation $ are more important than our children's education
but they say she will be confirmed anyway. Rep. grow up & think of the kids & not all the $ she has donated
times have changed. Community fund raiser now POTUS @usedgov
@realDonaldTrump Status quo is not working. Don't you get it? Vote for Trump = vote for change! Clean Sweep! DrainTheSwamp!
I KNOW A LOT OF TEACHERS WHO SHOULD BE FIRED !! CLOSED MINDED LIBS WHO CONDEMN ANYONE WHO DOESN'T AGREE WITH THEIR VIEWS
she does hold the coveted position of GOP mega donor. To Trump that is all that matters.
no one ever accused #trump of being qualified to lead so why should his cabinet be any more qualified?
Senator Warren you were brilliant in DeVos hearing! Pls thk Dems 4 standing up 4 our kids!!   Do not confirm Betsy Devos
yeah, and we've seen holding those positions has been a great fucking benefit to improving education. Hack.
good: let's have someone with a new perspective take on the job. @usedgov
Fresh new perspective is always needed 4change our schools need major reconstruction it would b wise 2 assist to improve
As a mom of a Special Needs child and a member of my County Spec Ed Advisory Committee, I am more qualified! By far.
Thank you @SenWarren! We deserve better than this choice.
same as Trump.  He has held no such position to even qualify him to be POTUS.  Let's all pray for the best!  
Thank you Sen. Warren you rock
Liz your question about having bank loan experience was silly... who do you know that has that kind of experience?
US put Americans on Moon then Jimmy Carter created one-size-fits-all DEP of ED.  We haven't been back to Moon since.
@spock4444 @usedgov Well, @BetsyDeVos has been serving her own greedy agenda. Funneling public $ into private pockets like hers
Another loser pick from Trumps land of opposites! The exact opposites of what we need. God help us all... #RESISTANCE
She has held a position......on a high horse on top of a mountain of religious prejudice, elitism and capitalistic greed
Im not say TAYLOR SWIFT is that.... just using the IMAGE of a white privileged woman on a horse - LOVE TAYLOR ! 
and all you did was lie about being an Indian, and you got hired. Being from MA, we need to replace in 2018 #liahwatha
Devos is a lightweight. Too bad she is not a nasty woman. All $$$. No expertise.
We've had enough of ranking 33d in world and want change.  Kill Common Core.  You dumbed down America enough.
I possess more qualifications for Secretary of Education. At least I am an educator
But she really hates public education, so she's obviously qualified. 
I've seen enough basis not to approve #BetsyDeVos just in your tweets alone. Don't approve - we're counting on you @usedgov
Trump is letting people lead the country as paybacks. That's how much he cares about us #DeVosHearing
she paid the party over 200million, she expects payback.
@geegeeakili  So please do not allow her 2 assume the position that will direct the education of our nation 's children.
how much experience did you have with gov the first time you ran. You are just being a jerk because she isn't a democrat
And she has no grasp of the position she has taken on...what choices this man has made. Oh boy!
say No . . . education needs someone who understands the system not someone who bought a position! #don'tapproveher
thank you for asking the important questions.
good! Maybe she will do a better job than past political hacks u backed! For the kids, not the system! u take a $ cut 2
Thank you Sen. Her ideas are convoluted and frightening,  as is her "boss". No experience.
none of the cabinet is qualified enough. Train wreck.  GOD HELP US
and just like DJT who hasn't been in politics but took out the whole establishment...
The people are tired of corrupt DC
As a former educator, I can't believe this would be anyone's choice for the head of the DOE, but then, she did pay for it.
so?
Well I hear at least she won't be charging 
$400 000-00 per appearance at a university ant time soon....
Take a seat
Don't let her in!!
@NYKen51 @usedgov Pocahontas is just mad she wants to end common core education and the Unions won't have a cash cow anymore
always ready with the hard questions that require critical thinking! We all admire you and your dedication to all Americans!
She is not what our country needs!
Thank you for everything you do. <3
American public WANT term limits on senators and representatives. Enough is enough, time for u to go.  Fresh eyes needed
Not those that make politics a career.
not Arne Duncan!
American govt is not designed for those with "EXPERIENCE". It is a govt by the ppl, for the ppl.
@noybsk2017 @usedgov They cannot use taxes 4 religious schools They can spend their $$M to create religious schools & chg tuition
She's a disgrace!
Did she even graduate college?
Please oppose her, senator.  She's unfit for the job.
that's a shame she hasn't walked in those shoes but either has any president before they hold the office.
you did great today. So strong, I appreciate your no bullshit approach 
@DREWSINGS @usedgov it doesn't matter in Trumpstain, formerly known as America. Seriously what is going to take to unload him?
you dont need to b in the system to fix it, youre in it u r part of problem. Outsiders take fresh approach #BetsyDeVos
Scamway doesn't count?
are you seriously questioning a persons experience? U leaped high on the totem pole in elected office.
Take the pain.  #Nastywomenlose
Spend time on this inequality and give the educators a decent retirement.
They take the money and give back very little. The union lives in luxury on the teachers toil.
Get over it E... The MA teachers ass. Is a joke. Millions to dem candidates.. Screw the teachers supporting this org.
so when you have a failing system, your brilliant idea is to keep the same people to lead it; keep thinking like a politician!
ms warren. I wish you would make 1 constructive statement. Can't believe you're a senator. You would not get my vote
@mrsweid @usedgov In the other hand DeVos is a hero and you are a fraud. #Fauxcahontas
Thank you for your important questions
@IfritaSarah @usedgov Devos is a disgrace to education on all levels . We have to take him down b4 Black Friday ! What do we do ?
.@SenWarren @usedgov But if you need some #Amway or a back door deal to start a shady charter school, Betsy is your gal!
Neither has the president elect! We are living in very dark times. Thank you for your voice!
And we've seen how well that's worked.
Putting DeVos  in as Ed Secretary is analogous to putting a person skilled at making paper airplanes in charge of NASA.
Thank you for looking out for the future of public education. Please don't give up!
she donated tens of millions to Trumps campaign; she got to pick the job she wanted. She bought it; America's kids lose
What position did you hold before you got into office??? Oh besides FAKE INDIAN liar thief of an education...hypocrite!!!
As a public school special ed teacher, DeVos scares the daylights out of me.
and they all have done such a horrible job with our inner city public schools, worth a different approach, need change
Get the federal government and unions out of education! Statist schools have failed American children!
I bet she hasn't claim to be an Indian either, huh Lizzie
you had no experience being a senator and somehow you won
And those leaders have presided over a 100% increase in dollars spent and flat scores. Not to mention 500 million in unfunded pension debt
She has had nothing to do with public educ. EXCEPT to try to DESTROY it here in Michigan...She is not fit for this job!
It appears from the Presidential election that qualifications are no longer a factor.
Well that background certainly has not worked, so what do we have to loose .@SenWarren? Stop war on students! #uftpuppet
You cannot be serious.
why is her lack of experience not a concern for more members of Congress?
If Obama can become President with only community organizer experience then anybody can become anything.
But she is rich. And pays a lot to buy politicians.
@DebraJo97583409 @usedgov I guess this is what 200million in donations to Republican Senators buys you.
please stop this one. She wasn't good for MI
please don't let Betsy Devos as sec of ed
And we (teachers) can't be "confirmed" in our jobs before at least a 3 year interview. She can't handle 3 hrs.
We are at a critical stage in our educational endeavors. Deeply experienced leadership is a must.
I discovered it's more productive to divide work. Pence and Putin take turns picking cabinet members. Don't blame me!
neither have you
This election has been an embarrassment Trumpo leading the way! It's a complete circus! The CON of the century!
Insanity is doing the same thing senator. We need a new approach....and term limits.
History shows Native Americans have Native American genes, some Senators have no such bloodlines yet claim they do.
@dumptrump33 @usedgov Devos a billionaire who does not support public education. A country that has valued pub ed since Franklin
It's all about Betsy buying old buildings and opening charter schools
turn up the heat. Senator!!!!!
She's more qualified to be Sec of Ed than the community organizer was to be President. @SenWarren @usedgov
Pocahontas get on Buffalo take your blanket ass Home! 
about those Union teacher's cheating & taken $$ not teaching
And what were your qualifications 2 be a Senator? Fauxahontas Warren, U R a mean & very rude person & not worthy 2 serve
****APPLAUSE**** love you Sen. Elizabeth Warren - she doesn't have a flipping clue about any of this
it infuriates me that DeVos is even taking up air time
that's correct  cause we're looking to improve the system... no more of the same ... you can consider another role. Bye
she cannot be confirmed
Another disgraceful pick to join the circus. God help us all.
Maybe if DeVos were 1/64 th native American, you'd understand her more.
if you have money and Trump is your friend then I guess you can
Just Shut Up Already… You Dems can’t take losing so go off in your little world and cry
Betsy DeVos is totally unqualified.
She just has runs a billion $ business; u, Murray, Franken suck off govt and do nothing; thought Indians were truthful.
Thank you Senator Warren for speaking up for our educational needs! We need experience and action, DeVos has neither!
I believe that I am more qualified than DeVos, having a Masters Degree in Education, retired Professor, and very POOR!


she has done Michigan, especially #GrandRapids proud
watch as the flow of public money flows into a few private hands.
she will fix education! Get the unions out of treachery!
it's a shame when who you know is more important than what you know
all she has going for her is her money to buy power.  So sad.
@PDTAunion @usedgov Yet she will be confirmed
Sen Warren, we the people put President. Trump in the white house. We expect you to give it full support to him!
The only thing Betsy knows about public schools is that she hates them. To fix them, we need someone who loves them.
I doubt she was ever a room mother. Another Trump billionaire lining her pocket with government wealth endangering youth
What position did you previously hold, Sen. Warren?  Or, should I say Pocahontas?
But -money. Money is the new god in America.
. @SenWarren @usedgov @NancyPelosi @SenatorReid @POTUS Too worried about nonsense. Time for new. Conservative Leaders.
that's exactly what we need. A fresh perspective
I love you Liz! Keep fighting for us!
I don't believe ANY of his selections are qualified, period!
Approve her. Don't be an impediment to children stuck in poor inner city schools.
when will education be a priority? When will the people be a priority? We need smarter voters.
it's scary as hell. The dumbing of America has started thanks to trump
Our current education system with its terrible tenure system has failed students ever since the union took hold.
One of the 1st things to dumb a nation down is to give it dumb educational leaders. With a dumb overall leader, perfect!
