Enforce immigration laws, Pocahantas...
Let's cut UR pay & Congress's pay. Time for U all to live on the same pay we do. Stick a feather in that and go smoke ur pipe Pokiehauntem.
Enforce labor laws???  How about you start supporting the enforcement of our immigration laws.  #EndDACA
.  Trump seems to revel in imposing or repealing restrictions for the sole purpose of HURTING those who can't fight back.
WACKO
Thank you for always standing up for the people @SenWarren . While Trump lies, your life's work has ALWAYS been about Drain The Swamp
As she takes money from Big Bank Lobby!
Never met a credit line she forgot to declare.

Don't know who created it but this emoji is brilliant.
That is PRESIDENT TRUMP oh disappointed one.
Lizzie your nose is getting longer #LyingLizzieWarren
Get back to your 6 week vacation Lizzie.
Us laborers only get this one day away from your cackling
You need to change jobs. There are a lot that offer PTO for vacations and sick days. I have one and it is great!
Idiot
Just like Reagan and Bush by not either taking 3yrs to respond of employer complaints or understaffing rep tactics against workers n unions
Slick Lizzie at it again
He is cutting the FAT off government put there by YOU and all your cronies!!  TERM LIMITS!!!  FOLLOW YOUR OWN LAWS!!! RESIGN!!!
What about that huge cut in your face somebody must have drug you through broken glass face first
Meaning more money for his "wall"?
The real people are working and not polled! 
Yeah cause only republicans work, right? It is a Fox poll and I don't think they got many calls from Dems
Isn't it Unions who take care of this stuff? You know them, they cut huge check$ to the DNC! Get special Obama Care deals
Trump is a narcissist who only cares about himself and his crook family#resistandimpeach#
Keep raving on!
This why I love Sen. Elizabeth Warren! ... One voiceful Lady ... Just STRONG!!! 
So Congress are you going to sit by and watch this president destroy our country wake up start working and stop the insanity #DoYourJob
He doesn't care if you have bridges that fall killing your family or that there will be chemicals in the water. Regulations=safety.
If the book sucks, it sucks. I say a big wah wah to these people who think that because they write a book it has to be great.
Clean up your own office first ma'am.... then point the finger at other people

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/apr/4/elizabeth-warrens-office-hit-with-wage-gap-spotlig/&ved=0ahUKEwjkj8iD7YvWAhVB7YMKHdBaBl4QFggvMAE&usg=AFQjCNGqOGL7z_roKU4TfTpFn4xmfH3Auw …
Give up your salary and put it back in the treasurer. Evil Trump is doing it
You know nothing about labor laws because you haven't had a real job in this real world
Um, psst!  Hey @SenWarren
'The middle-class comeback may be the year’s most underreported story.' http://ow.ly/hlMX30eU2P2 
Here are some jobs for you
Shrink the bloated government.
Should be done away with!  Squaw go back to the res
You're not helping the American people, you're just helping your wallet.
You mean the illegal ones I'm sure losser
Are there any area we should reduce funding or should we just keep borrowing more to pay for you pet programs.
DOL has done nothing but make the American worker less productive and add billions of compliance costs to the Financial Service industry.
Love when u tweet like this. Keep it up, for sure Dems are gonna lose next election.
You need to retire! Stop getting in the way of progress! Quit undermining our President!
No surprise
VOTE FOR @DiehlForSenate and VOTE LIZ WARREN OUT. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH AND WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU HERE IN MASS.
Are you from mars?
Labor does not equal union labor.  Union membership has been sliding down for years... why not support all labor-not just your union stooges
she is liberal trash a parasite
We are at unsustainable levels of debt....what do you suggest..oh ya, continue spending and borrowing...we need to cut entitlements
Thank you
What he has done? Got rid of redundant laws and the beauracraps that go with it, saving tax payers money, your clueless
Hate Hate Hate....is that all you're capable of? You and all the rhinos need to go away! Like yesterday!
A lot of cleaning to do after they get demolished out of office
If he'd end DACA that would help the legal labor force #EndDACA
Maybe the bloated budget is the problem.
Trump has done more in 9mths than your Muslims brother Obama. Mark ohio
You know they won't enforce minimum wage laws.
When are you going to realize your negativity towards our @POTUS is only hurting your popularity? Do your job and shut up.
Just shut up already with your nonsense.
Gov't need to be streamlined it doesn't take 17,450 employees to enforce labor laws  #TermLimits
Do you know labor laws are also written by non-federal industry committees?  Please learn this before you comment incorrectly

Cuts EPA and FEMA in time for historic natural disaster but don't worry people give money to Trump Foundstion do he can give some to victims
So many workers voted for him and he will try to kill their unions. They really thought about it huh. Oh well when they get screwed
Political rhetoric! Educate, don't divide.
Why are you worried about our POTUS? You DEMOCRAPS are not helping, look at the stock market..he is a business man, not a crook..
He's a traitor, be patient all will be exposed. The stock market doesn't reflect the general economy, certainly not working class. Wealthies
If they didn't expose Killary, they will never touch our POTUS..
Oh god ! Another Benghazi investigation !? Damn HRC was scrutinized for years, Trump is barely started on his search, be patient. It's there
Which laws according to you, should he follow, and which ones to ignore? Cuz that's the game you're playing
WARREN.... PLEASE STOP TALKING!!!  BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH....

All you do is trash the man, become a team player for once and stop trying to take him down he was elected President...now deal with it!!
U r rich so how much have u donated to Texas? Get off high horse cause your out for yourself!
Trump's is against the working class. Everything he's done proves it. Undoing all worker safeguards. Only cares that the rich get richer
Making America the Wild West again.
Don't want to change it. How about you help them American citizens. Vote for tax reform
Text code needs to be rewritten. It is there for the very wealthy. You helped create that tax code. It benefits you I'm sure is why you
O don't disagree, but what are you doing,or even planning to do?  The democrats are just looking whiney, and inefficient.
So far, they're just *proposals,* it's up to you Democrats to make sure they don't get *past* the proposal stage.


The only betrayal comes directly from your office and other #hacksenators. You are horrendous and need to be voted out...
How do you know if the cuts are only proposed?
End State and Federal unions now!
Is he trying to turn America into a third world country so he can get his ties and hats made in America rather than China just asking
No he wouldn't do that, ignorant ,racist ,con man
You mean undo the corrupt mafia controlled unions why wouldn't we want that
He must be making all of these cuts to finance the huge tax breaks for himself and his buds.

Republican states have done this at the state level. Don't move to Texas.
RECORD IS CLEAR..You voted NO to audit the FED! $9 TRILLION stolen from the American people. You want it kept secret. SHAME ON YOU! SWAMP!
U don't give a dam about American workers make America great remove E Warren
Let's cut your pay and give it to @USDOL! .  You on Obama care? You should be @SenWarren 
And let's cut yours by the same amount.
Where is your voice on all the issues of the day. Do you have any plan to address the insanity called trump?
She says while pay-for-playing with #BigBanks
I knew it!..... Warren is a Carpetbagger. Her home state Oklahoma threw a monster party when she left town
I'm an American worker . I have never asked for or required assistance from any gov agency or union. Save your breath Liz
That's because you take the benefit and don't pay for it.
You mean Damaging your control over America. I know that drives your and the Dems crazy but we don't need your nose in everything.
every dept budget in the federal govt is bloated by at least 20-25%! Maybe more!
Money, Money, Money is his concern...
You sick liar!
You do realize that the debt in this country is almost 20 trillion. Cut government down to the bone. Make these people work for a living.
Says the woman that has Town Halls on Nantucket, the island destination for the wealthy!
Drop cabinet position
You and Dems have had your chances to get behind Labor and haven't. Only come around st election time with hands out and not following thru
Ah, Sen. Warren, you miss the point-working folks don't seem 2 care about their protections- they have a MAGA slogan, and hats...lot of hats
It's Funny how Canadians love to finger point when they have zero skin in the game. Please mind your own business.
This is a budget fraught with fat.  THAT'S why huge cuts are proposed. If you learned basic budgeting skills, you'd know this.
Perhaps these government employees will have to do their jobs with fewer dollars. You know, pretend they are in private enterprise.
And help u get re elected. Ya left that part out.
How does the DOL budget help Liz get re-elected? Seriously, do they help pay for campaigns?
Winning. Jobs Jobs Jobs
It's time for this criminal to go. He's destroying our country with his white nationalist ideas.
BECASUE HE HATES...HATES AMERICANS AND AMERICA.
Especially you
Term term term limits
MAGA!!
Cutting out the Fat - that's what businesses with a deficit do!  Printing more money is not the answer!
Canada is demanding Right to Work law be eliminated.  Paid maternity leave be included in NAFTA negotiations.  Did you know that?
I just chkd-hadn't realized that. If U want 2 understand stagnant wage issue/"wage gap" in , see RTW States impact. In it's also abt ppl
You don't give a damn about Americans ! That's why u guys will lose again!
I guess that's the Republican way of saying happy Labor Day. 
You best take it easy you're going to pull something Pocahontas
Why isn't Congress stopping him. Congress is the legislative branch. Trump is the executive branch. Besides, Trump is insane.
Mainstream media zombie
If all you can do is attack, move along.
"Trump is insane" you're a hypocrite
Bye
Did you REALLY just say something about PROTECTING workers' rights, Fauxcohontas?  Remember lying to take a Native American's JOB?!
Once again...the 30% at work #FakeChristians
20 trillion in debt, 200 trillion in unfunded liabilities. Why don't you think of our grandchildren and stop the gross political spending?
How much does Soros pay you? 
Have you ever seen the rings of uranus? Because you cannot be from earth. #Nutjob! #MAGA!
Hey... @realDonaldTrump  
@realDonaldTrump is bringing back pride to get off welfare, supporting oneself. #MAGA  Your domination is coming to end
NOPE!
You poor thing. All you can do is cry that your BFF Hillary isn't president.
Why are you on her twitter? Why aren't you happy? Don't you have trump? 
Will you console me please?  I'm so alone.
*would. At least you have your intellect, no, whoops, my bad. Maybe just drink some more?
You pick at a phrase that is interchangeable. You have no heart. :'(
No it's not. I suggest you look at a dictionary.
