is that the same as how you have weakened the country by adding to the debt.
TOP DOWN, BOTTOM UP & INSIDE OUT, The DEMOCRATIC PARTY DOES NOT WANT YOU TO KNOW, SO INDOCTRINATION!
Screw the little guy in every way possible ... environmentally, fiscally, medically, educationally.
No corruption here lol yea right HUGE and nothing but corruption going on in this agency 
@Jillsey11 @FinancialCmte @CFPB #PauseTheSwamp - illegitimate pres under FBI investigation. Shut it down
it amazes me on how perfect u are Senator Warren,
GOP will do anything to make money and screw citizens
Don't let them do it Senator! These crooks have to go! We support you in this fight sponsored by the rich!
More Out Of Control Hysterical Garbage tweeted By Lizzy and So Pandering and Typical of Her. So Sad To Read
thank you for putting context to your tweets. Trump is "restructuring" GOP. Hopefully soon
You gave false statements under oath regarding (CFPB) activities as the agency’s interim director
Restructure, isn't that what Obama did, take away from workers and give to free-loaders.
SO MANY middle-class Republicans have NO IDEA their party benefits the very rich & screws everyone else.
@SenWarren @FinancialCmte @CFPB
freeze Trump assets
weaken it hell, get rid of it and you. Sick of your lies.
if you are for it I'm sure it stinks for all AMERICAN's. #MAGA #TermLimits #draintheswamp
If any1 can speak for all of us its Elizabeth Warren! We've got your back! We'll call, write or protest! GO
Tillerson skips NATO 2 kiss Putin's ring. GOP 2 Shameless, Gutless, Greedy 2 act BUT quick w eye poke to US.
million airs come first
Weaken? US weaken? The Communist Corrupt Dem Gov weaken every part of our Nation, sold off jobs, strip Mil
update it with supporters of American freedoms which hasn't been done since you implemented in 2007
whom do we contact to express our opposition to that?
We need our protections kept in place.  Families are just now getting back on their feet from the depression
you were paid  $350k to teach a single class and faked being a minority for bennies
all so the rich schemers can carry on scheming !
Terrifying.  Saw it coming after election. Economic breakdown looming. Bail out again. Can't afford collapse
Don't let greed & corruption win.
When my Fortune100 employer fires people it's "restructuring." Can we restructure Congress and WhiteHouse?
It's like reforming Medicare and SS. Orwellian speak for cutting the heart out!
How do you come to that conclusion?
don't let this happen Elizabeth!
GOP must just hate everything with those initials considering Trump's plan for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
@Growsbeak @FinancialCmte @CFPB This administration has & will weaken everything until they are stopped/impeached #unfit
Getting rid of More Obama era no show jobs
So you just know that is the agenda before ever seeing any evidence? Preemptive fear and hate from you!
What @CFPB accomplished with Wells Fargo proves its effectiveness.
good.
HELP US!!!!!
Persist!
That actually seems to be their MO, weakening STUFF! Too bad GOPs chosen wrong foe. WOMEN! #womensmarch?
cleaning out the waste that you libs slip into everything = waste and debt as you steal taxes
The GOP wants Americans poor and stupid. In a nutshell.
yes they do
#trumpdeathcare
#resist
.@SenWarren @FinancialCmte @CFPB
When the Right says "restructure", they usually mean "neuter" or "kill"
.@granitevoter @SenWarren @FinancialCmte @CFPB
"improve" is another word of the same ilk (in $GOP rhetoric)
For an administration that would trade Big Bird for Wall Street  What can one expect
They're "restructuring" our personal security and governmental confidence, too.
they want to eliminate it
I'm disheartened.
- #FakeIndian who makes $350K for one class at #Harvard speaks with forked tongue! #MApoli #Democrats #MAGA
What can we do?
What's it feel like to be a traitor?
Keep fighting for us (American Public) Sen Warren, keep fighting ... we have your back and THANK YOU!
