Unions suck. I'm thankful to live in a right-to-work state.
ROTFLMMFAO. That shows your level of education, right there. "I am proud to work in a state where they can pay is shit and give us next to0"
My "level of education" is two college degrees. And your understanding of #RightToWork is way off.
Right to Work weakens Unions. Right to work gives freeloaders benefits that others fight for. Right to work lowers wages. RTW is Union 5/
But surely you acknowledge the problems of modern day unions. I admit they were great when they started.
Unions are different. They are not nearly as employee focused. They put themselves first but employees still get food pay and great benefits
You are a clown among clowns, well done ma'am.  You and your ilk are mind numbing in your stupidity
@TonyT0509
And this post only confirms the mind numbing I was talking about.  In my world grannies don't talk and act like that lol

Lol, you lived right up to expectation.  I've learned leftists lack the ability to reason.  So these childish meme were expected, and funny
& ReturdliKKKans lack any intelligence, empathy,common sense.U rather shoot your foot off than admit the Liar In Chief has conned his cult!
What does the KKK have to do with this?  Lol.... and if you are implying I am such.  Open my profile.  Isn't my daughter gorgeous?
I have to agree your daughter is beautiful - so why support a misogynistic racist that could care less about women & children ???
Dems turned their backs on union workers!! They ruined middle class families in the rust belt. Liz needs to get out of her elite Bubble!
What planet do you live on? Trying to pretend dems are the problem? Think we will buy It? AFT 30 years and proud!
Looking forward to your teachers pension? U don't get it--Dem policies destroyed good paying manufacturing jobs. Many ppl lost everything!
Show me one GOPer who is pro Union. ONE....
Dems love stereotyping! Need to meet more diverse ppl Sean. My family are Union members x3. What about your family?
What union? All my family is Union. Electricians, HVAC,Plumbers,IATSE,Carpenters. I've met many people.
Good for you! Tell em to vote Republican now to help business & the economy!
They did, and bush destroyed it.OBAMA FIXED IT, Now we know only vote for the Democratic party, bcuz they care about average Americans.
You are full of bull. Hard working Americans built America with Gods Help not Unions!
Americas middle class was built by hard work and sacrifice and SMALL govt allowing workers to keep their earnings. Learn history! @SenWarren
Unions built the Middle Class.  Learn your history Reid
Ok, tell me then why so many workers are saying "no" to unionizing, Right to Work is in dozens of states? Unions are corrupt $ grubbers!
Unions suck the money out of you.  They have lost there usefulness.  Crooks that make entirely to much .

But there is No middle it's the rich the poor and then you have below poverty
No thanks to Dems
And the public employees union and teachers union will break the back of California
Because those that put their life in the line for you and those that babysit your brats all day,deserve nothing?
So your answer is just raise taxes and create more unfunded liability
You don't have to raise taxes when people are working and earning decent pay. The answer is def not to lower taxes. The greatest transfer 1/
You cannot continue to give stockholders and CEOs a larger piece of the pie without hurting the employees and even the customers. Unions 4/
If their so great then why are they having to rebuild what u say they already built??? Because Dem's destroyed the middle class
Solidarity? Built the middle class? Have u seen how much Union leaders get paid? Unions are an outdated scam. Vote aggregator 4 crooked pols
Unions are the only organizations helping workers.  The only ones!
And the union voted for President Trump!!!!   # Dems of no message!!!!
Not (OPEIU) nor my husband (UAW)
2020 !
So does this mean that you are going to push for a repeal of Taft Hartley?

YES!!
We unionized recently. Still fighting for basic fairness. But it's the best thing we ever did.
@JohnDennisWEEI she couldn't be any more out of touch. Unions have outgrown their usefulness mostly and just contribute to high costs
Not corporate welfare and greed? Not compensation to stock holders and not the workers?
That's y o u 'r e.
I used to wear Lexi's until they were made in China-NO MORE $
Back up Bernie
Don't forget the unions are bankrupting states such as California and Illinois as well as making US uncompetitive on the global market
The Union sold out the workers when GM closed GMAD Norwood, Ohio. Those jobs are gone forever! Thanks UAW for nothing! Unions kill jobs.
How much money do you think the unions received from its members the Citizens rebuild not the unions Swamp Warren go back to your backyard
No no Lizzie. Indians built America, then the politicians  like you stole it from them
Explain this, Liz.....

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/apr/4/elizabeth-warrens-office-hit-with-wage-gap-spotlig/&ved=0ahUKEwjkj8iD7YvWAhVB7YMKHdBaBl4QFggvMAE&usg=AFQjCNGqOGL7z_roKU4TfTpFn4xmfH3Auw …
Yes, unions are incredibly important. So can we all just be clear about the lack of support the Dems have had for them over the years....
Dems take their political contributions and run.
2020
NPMHU local 300 won't because they collude with USPS Management to fire Rape , Stalking, Assault Victims ! You , Kaine, Booker, Menendez out
American Hard Work and Desire built a Thriving Middle Class, and unions tagged along.
you're awful Pocahontas
You are in sane ! What tribe did you say you came from?
after the Obama years destroyed the middle class
Sorry Ms Warren, you know absolutely nothing whatsoever about the middle class.  You are nothing more than a professional politician.
Says the zero follower genius
Actually David,  I have the capacity to think for myself and lead as opposed to followers like you which are nothing more than sheep.
just a note; Unions need to modernize.
According to my Chicago union friends, they HAVE modernized. They switched and voted Trump and are going to do it again in 2020

Nothing like kissing the asses of Big Labor on Labor Day. The unions served a purpose in the 40's, 50's, 60's & 70's. Now it just kills jobs
Back when the middle class was the strongest? No union participation is at record lows and so is the middle class.
... @SenWarren you out of your mind.  Unions have dragged down the economy and regularly donate extreme amounts to democrats.  Ban Unions!
Unions save lives! It's about safety! Wake up!
No, that's OHSA's job.....
It's OSHA not OHSA....There is only one OSHA inspector for every 59,000 workers and Trump wants to cut their funding.
Unions are a plague....
I credit my former union with some important workplace safety improvements, BUT they abused my dues $ on left politics! Not worth it in end.
Way too simplistic.  You can't credit unions for the middle class.  They played a role, but there were many factors.
The Dems think that union labor is the total membership of the middle class. So misinformed.
Maybe should've done your final paper on labor movement in U.S. rather than 16th century Catholicism. Get educated & switch off Fox 'news'
Such a lame response.
Yes we love trade labor unions vote Trump, not this dingbat
GUESS YOU MISSED THE MEMO: Dem are NOT SUPPORTED! Your Fake News!! You personally were a Fake Indian, and now a Fake labor supporter
Good god! R u liberals still on this?
Unions were important when we had the start of Industrial Age. But they have long ceased being anything but an albatross.
Barack & Lizzie Warren killed the middle class #LaborDay.
You are correct. However - ever since NAFTA - we have seen real wages race to the bottom.
.@SenSchumer .@SenBillNelson Nonsense! Unions may have served a purpose in the30s but today they destroy employee freedom, jobs, enrich pols
And union dues go to . . . DEMOCRATS! No wonder you hate Right to Work!
Will you say and do anything for a vote no matter what!?!?
We workers built middle class shouldn't you be working
Democrats use to stand for Unions but now they stand for Illegals they need a more ignorant voter !!!
No, they didn't.
Wrong! I do not have a single family member that is or has, worked union.
POOP
#unions and pensions have caused the financial collapse of #IL and #CT, democrat-owned. They take pay from their workers checks.
VENEZUELA - Unions are MAFIA
Yep the unions like the teachers union that are the biggest donators to the Democratic Party
She must mean the unions pushing for $15 an hour minimum they got a lot of people laid off and changed to part time jobs
hard working people have built America!Unions only took advantage of them;now union bosses only care about themselves!not workers
Hey all you laborers. You didn't build America the unions did.
No no no. Unions didn't build shit. The workers built it. With today's laws and civil rights, unions are obsolete. U just need the donations
The ONLY reason you give a damn at all about unions is that the union leadership keeps handing $ over. Otherwise you could care less. #MAGA
Unions chose @POTUS
Actually, Cupcake, it was people like Henry Ford.
No sweetie, Unions made you rich!!!
You nailed it Tiffany.
Unions take workers money and give it to fake Indians like you who pimp American people. You are the butthole of America. Only  comes out!
Fauxcahotas unions built NOTHING and if you had half a brain you'd know that 
Have you ever had a REAL job? Pretending you're an Indian doesn't count!
Government should allow all people to be contractors so they can make more $ pay taxes after loopholes and lose paid holidays and pensions.
Dont you have  legislation to attend to?  You really need to change the law if you don't like existing laws.
Unions broke Michigan. There was a time and a place for unions. Not now!
More rhetoric-u always know just what to say to the masses, u r such a politician! Please dry up & blow away! Do everyone a favor!

has a challenger, #JoshuaFord
And democrats did their best in the last decade to completely destroy the middle class.
Who broke the middle class?
I disagree with you.
Unions made cars $50,000 a loaf of bread $3 and a Hershey bar $1.29
Unions destroyed Detroit and have killed all of Illinois. Every person should have a right to work without having to join a union.

@SenWarren you got yours by lying cheating and stealing!!!!
#indianmyass 
.@SenWarren still preaching "you didn't build that". Always against hard working Americans.
Americans w a great work ethic & less govt interference built the middle class.
President Trump is getting govt back out of the way!
#MAGA https://twitter.com/SenWarren/status/904724740031614977 …
That's the problem with today's liberals; they just believe so many things that aren't true. (Paraphrasing R. Reagan)
They also exported the jobs with DNC help to China
Dems allowed all the good paying jobs to leave US don't ever forget that.
@POTUS has already brought back over 1m jobs that would've left.
Unions need to go!!!  I know, I know, you won't get as much money if they do...your pocket will be slimmer just like your brain
My Father fought long and hard to unionize the "Bethlehem Steel " once in PA. Proud of him!  An Officer of Union for many years
Unions did not build America; the working class people did. Unions just want more dues to justify their existence.
Communist Unions deserve all the credit! The same ones that give their members dues money to the Democratic Party!! Communism is freedom!!
Happy belated Labor Day Sen.Warren!!!!!
start a cause and initiative in the area. May I ask what would be a good one. Educational? Care for the vets? Elderly care? Any suggestions?
no benefits, are slave drivers. How can we possibly compete? Am in town searching for work to put my mind and hands to good use! Want to
Bring back corporate America from overseas. We need to create jobs at home. Sprawling economies pay much lower wages than us, offer fewer to

If anyone has uncertainty about this, please read Thomas Picketty's 'Capitalism in the 21st Centuary'.
Trumps got that. Take a rest lady, hopefully you can retire soon.
The biggest threat to Unions is cheap illegal labor. Thanks Liz!
Please just leave take your communist thoughts you're under dev brain and leave! take the activist,liberals & loser congress with U!

Yes!
Doesn't the US have a working class?  Or is it bad manners to mention the majority class?
Simplistic, as unions today are not as they once were. Sometimes corrupt leadership, obsolescence, tech advances make your tweet false
Oh Pocahontas stop.
Hey everybody how many of you got your union pension?
Unions destroyed the middle class they are a democratic fundraising tool
Don't believe Pocahontas, she lies!
Unions has a purpose in America, that purpose is no longer relevant today. They are just another lobby, don't represent the actual workers
You are so wrong it's almost comical
No jobs. Can't have unions.
#termlimits #termlimits #termlimits #termlimits #termlimits #termlimits #termlimits #termlimits #termlimits #termlimits #termlimits
help America's middle class? Trump is already on it. Higher labor participation rates. Lower unemployment. Admit it-he's getting it done!
TAX WALL STREET 1% ON ALL TRANSACTIONS. MAKE IT THE LAW. US financial troubles solved. xo #politics
Elizabeth who destroyed unions in America #DemocraticParty & Hillary Clinton with NAFTA #Tuesday #MyLaborDayIn4Words
Why aren't you talking about BRICS. The R stands for Russia!
Figure you would like unions! You can count on their votes. We MA residents hope to change that soon.    
Pocahontas wouldn't have a clue what the Union is truly capable of, unless she pulls her jockstrap down.
Thanks so much for helping us with this terrible person on office.

Since we are talking about unions what do you know about this??
Just shut up already.
You need to back the president
They wouldn't have to if you and your globalist rich friends weren't giving all the jobs away, taxing the hell out of us to pay for illegals
Didn't realize it's only about Union workers today.  You r such a suck up. Unions bailed on HRC tired of giving $ to Dems & getting nothing!
Not with the NRLB owned by corporations as it is today and appellate courts encamped with company attorneys. Wake up, Senator.
I'm glad I'm in a right to work state. Unions were started for the right reasons but corrupted over time.
Vote this crazy out of office.
Not really.

Unions and Democrats killed manufacturers and the middle class. #maga #youlostwewon
How? R they going to demand $15 minimum wage! History shows that's not great for employment!

'The middle-class comeback may be the year’s most underreported story.' http://ow.ly/hlMX30eU2P2 
Part 1  In order for there to be a union there needs to be a company which was built by the owner
Part 2    But according to you the company was built by the government...so is the union a government entity?
Unions only kept businesses in check so that they could not take advantage of workers. Unions can also go too far in their control, too.
If it were not for the rich and entrepreneurs of this country who create the companies for people to work, there would be no middle class.





They will price us out of the international labor market.
Unions destroy jobs. Basic economics will tell you they do not work.
Will you unionize nannies, housekeepers and those who work the agricultural fields
It is ALSO the function of EVERY member of Congress to work hard for ALL AMERICAN's to ensure a better quality of life for them. GET TO WORK
Unions are racists
Wish you were loud and clear in support of Bernie.
Really? I thought the government's interest was to kill all the union's and the middle class along with them?
Unions are big money machines for Democrats. Should be limited to $ donations.  Unions are no longer serving their members. Be honest
You're delusional

Americans' confidence in institutions https://www.axios.com/americans-dont-know-what-to-believe-anymore-2348143613.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=infographic&utm_term=politics … 
Unions are bleeding the American middle class.
Democrats don't care about the coal miner's union. Obama said as much.
With absolutely no help from you or the left! Thanks to the hard working Americans!! For keeping our Country going!
Is that what happened in Detroit?
Lower taxes and support of infrastructure plan will strengthen the middle class.
The Democratic Party, including you have ruined this country and the people in it.  Don't go blaming the president for all you had a part of
The middle class built that stupid studio you are sitting in.  You gave us with OCare, tax hikes, free cell phones4poor & more.  No Thanks!!
Just shut up please.....All I hear when you speak is "Woomp womp wahhhh - Blah blah blah".....
Union serve a great purpose in the US. They will help box up all the companies that are moving their jobs to another country.
Unions are bloated money grabbing organizations that take money from the very people that you say you are protecting. Labor laws!
Hmm isn't that what @realDonaldTrump said, "build American, buy American"...DAMN Liz...are you a closet republican?  #TrumpTrain 
Not to you. Your one of worst in the government.   I can't believe people Liston to your crap.
Liar
Pandering to the labor unions will not make America great again.
You only support what YOU want, not what the American people want.
Thanks to the $500M+ of hard earned union dues going directly to the Democrat Party with no say allowed by the union members. Shame on you.
What is there to "rebuild" if #Obama was so good for the #middleclass ?? #hmmm #pocahontas
how is your nazi buddy george soros? you could care less about working people. you care about yourself.
Your buddies N the public sector unions haven't done that. Neither will USWU's $15 an hr demands 4 flipping , more made in USA labeled will
Hnnnn apparently the phenomenon created by people comes before the people... poor old miss Warren needs to retire.
Sorry it isn't going to happen. Americans enterprise created the jobs and rebuilding the world after the world war 2 created the demand.
im a local 25 teamster. i wouldn't vote for you are any dem or anybody who protects illegal aliens if my life depended on it. country first.
Your Looney pocah9ntas
You democrats constant assault on the middle class will never allow it to be rebuilt.
Your generations pensions have bankrupt companies and forced their hand w/foreign labor & we don't have children in mills anymore- outdated
ask LA union workers why their union supported $15 min wage for all but those in the union? they had their time but now they are just as bad
Please shut up
I have a personal love-hate deal with unionism, but it definitely is needed, especially now.
Unions are a blight upon the poor.  Give it up and go home @SenWarren .
Dems said the same thing for 8 years to get Americans votes, but once in office they forgot about us! That is the Clinton agenda. Very Sad!
