Elizabeth...love you...but what an old & white picture this is....we must do better. More diversity across age, ethnicity, religion, gender.
Way too old more than anything else
Ehhhh...if it was a bunch of young white men we still would be missing some desperately needed perspective, don't you think?
I'm not so hung up on race, best man or women for the job. What worries me is the older politician too long in DC.  Term limits
Less about being hung up on race vs understanding that different backgrounds bring different perspectives. And agree re: Term Limits.Totally
Guys, not wanting a war here, but term limits are bs. My state has Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-AA female) Lloyd Doggett (D-WM). We need them.1)
Term limits are the only thing that will cure this f'up system out of the 500+ it makes no sense because "you" like 2. Term limits would
Start to get money out of politics nobody is going to invest money in candidates that arent lifers. Government was never meant to be career
Sorry, but @SenJohnMcCain is just another Democrat.  No bipartisanship there...
Get you butt back to Washington and get something down for the US or even better the Vets of your State you forgot about! #America1st
Cant fool us Pocahontas, we already know u live in a $5 mil mansion so breakout ur credit card & buy some new cloths. Its ok, the jig is up.
Rino and tonto!!!
Leave those discussions to the adults
Thanks for stepping up considering @realDonaldTrump has no idea what he's doing
Yes, that's why he won the election. Stay in your basement.
What a bunch of tools- they do not represent my country -DJT , the President, does!!!!!
You ALWAYS trot out mccain and graham when you want democRATS to think you're bi partisan.. they are seditious RINOS..
Didn't Pakistan hide Osama bin Laden?
someone sure has to be doing something to counter the destructiveness of Trump.  He is working hard to destroy us around the world.
You sound like a 10 year old.
Great, the last two people I want representing me and my country....
Why don't you stay at home and concentrate on solving issues in your home state?
You call McCain a republican? Really?
For what? Both of you are pathetically useless.
Who paid for your trip Liz?
Wampum.
Who paid for all your vacations?  Tax payers?  Time for term limits.
I hope the outcome of your visit will be reported to the public in some way. 
@SenJohnMcCain ???!!!! What in the world are you thinking @SenWaren??? #Pakistan >> is a terrorist state!!
DOVEVA ESERE FONDATTA UNIONE EVROPEA CIVILIZATA
CETTE..E INTERA UNIONE EVROPEA INVASA SEI BARBARI DELL TERZO RAIH FASCHISTA DI DDR GESTAPO MERKEL..E DOVE SIANO I TRATATI DI ROMA SU ESSA
SCUZATE MA NOI I TURCHI PERCHE ABBIAMO CREDUTTO PER 53 ANNI IN CIVILTA UMANA EVROPEA ..PER RISVEGLIARCI A 15 TEMUZ CON I TERORISTI DI FETO
so what happens when a traitor & faux indian go somewhere 2gether? The become two faced shithokez lying to every1
You forgot the part where you clowns demoralized our troops in Afghanistan during your lame attempt to attack our POTUS while overseas.
I see this as a big nothing burger--in that you turds probably got nothing accomplished! Vote these two out!!!!!!!
I wonder if she took her Tomahawk with her. I can't wait to hear McCain's anti-Trump speech.
Please run for President...you are so normal, hard working and smart!
She should run back to her fake teepee 
The insanity of those 2 together is scary.
Did you asked about 
BALOCHISTAN ??? No? 
Waste of taxpayer money
@zainabimam @SenJohnMcCain so what would be your analysis ?
Trump the #westie curious if outraged ivanka say in for Top Dog at  G20. Nepotism bad an outrage
Thanks for sharing ,probably shouldn't share intelligence over twitter
Did you look for the Awan Brothers, you know the  Dem hired  IT Guys who accessed top secret Congressional data? Being investigated?
Please stop! You're a nuisance to @MAGA.
You support sanctuary cities! You didn't need to use taxpayer $ to travel overseas to solve terrorism!
nothing is bipartisan with you.  you are a snake!
How about security in CHICAGO ???
Fauxahontas & Traitor John traveling 2 Pakistan 2hang with the Muzzies! Ask them if tossing gays off bldgs is still mandated as true Muslim!
Fakahontas and Senator McCrazy.
There's our buddie McCain on the wrong side again!
How are their borders any suicide bombers?
No fake "snipers on the tarmac" stories to tell during your campaign?
That's where it needs to start. Let's see it thru.
Hope you all packed your walkers,out with the old
Thank you God!

So did you join John McCain in his quest to set up ISIS backed rebels to overthrow relatively stable gov's? Good idea Pocahontas.
#goonsquad. You're both hacks.
One little two little three little warmongers
All you do is discuss! Nothing gets done! You are all to scared to stand up to Islamic terrorism in all forms!
How much did they give you and Old Johnny in campaign contributions?  Or do you call them "gifts"?
Another free ride, half didn't know what day it was! Why were they not meeting with constituents?
Can you stay there?


Did you bring your tomahawk
Did you tell the Pakistanis you were #Indian THAT went over well huh? #fakeindian
Disgusting. The both of you. But at least Liz had the decency to admit she's a liberal.
That outfit you have on, is it the only outfit you have? We see it "all" the time!!!
McCain is a Democrat.
Trump so demented he can't find limo in front of him. Take any bum off the street, ask him what to do re: N. Korea
How about we pull out of the Middle East altogether Senator?
Yeah, liberals and RINO's. Great combination.
Scary!
Americans wish all of you would have stayed home & done something for Americans FIRST-continued waste of taxpayer $millions
There are no bipartisan Senators in Washington.
Swamp monster convention
You really need to read @defencepk because they're actually condemning US actions in Afghanistan. Doubt they're too helpful...
Did you  get a chance to belittle our President.
Lizzy, so your saying you and john boy went on a taxpayer paid vacation together!! What were you two up to?? Just waste full spending!!
Just what ur an expert in....#fake
You running for pres in 20?
Pak harbours more terrorists than many main stream countries yet usa funds them. Remember,  they did give safe haven to osama.. 
Under obama
Oh come on.. this is the silliest ever alternative fact.
Too bad they didn't keep you all!!
hey look. mccains little butt kisser lindsay grahams there too. lil butt kisser should retire.mccain too
Whyyyy? All u do is resist....
Sure you did!  #AWANBROTHERS #AWANGATE
Nice to see Somebody w a brain representing the US.
Knowing their history with their Nighbor did they mind that you came to be a INDIAN ?
Glad to see someone is doing trump, and rexie's work for them.
Well good for you.... taxpayer money wasted once again
God help us. Stop talking and get the F out of there. It's not your job.
One small step can lead to a long journey bless you both and yout  colleagues
McCain is really a Democrat
Nice to see a bipartisan group doing any thing together. If they could get rid of the thorn in everyone's side, what progress?
This was a waste of taxpayers money.  I agree with the comment that you should be ashamed at lack of diversity in this photo. #fighton?
Great group of " bipartisan group" of LIBERALS
What is Elizabeth warren doing is this picture. Fickle Beth her new name for me. The Native American claim to get a free education
Scares me that u are involved in anything important
Pakistan is 6th biggest nation in the world & rising economy. USA must establish relations beyond security realm.
Lol
Bout time!!

To see what you can use against @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
You are the terrorist
Pocahontas, Inu ndinu wopereka wamkulu wa madola angapo! Iwe wachiwerewere wonyenga! Amagona ndi abulu!
@MDCProgressives @SenJohnMcCain Bernie would have won.
You need to pick a better group to travel with. Grumpy McCain is hiding from his constituents.
@SenJohnMcCain is hardly bipartisan - what did they bring you along for, to fetch drinks?
Keep giving away our money to Pakistan. Remember when they gave us Bin Laden? Yeah never happened.
They laughed at u
You dare stand by the side of that evil capitalist John McCain ? SHAMEFUL!!!
Did rude,sexiest John McCain allow you to speak?
Can you and McCain join forces on the democratic side please? We don't need or want him. You 2 would work wonders together.
How much did this junket cost taxpayers. Where in the Constitution is a senator given authority over international relations? Hope u had fun
Ahhh...Warren and McCain - say no more.
Did you pay for it out of your own pocket fauxahontus?
Do you like John McCain?

Pocahontas and Wet Start Johnny - not getting that warm and cozy feeling. Funny you didn't mention also being in Afghanistan. Oversight?
So did Senator McCain fall asleep cause he was up too late watching the "Pakistani Bin Ladens" play the " Iraqi Mass Destructions"?
Did you pretend to be Pakistani in order to reap whatever state benefits they offer?
You people better not berate Auntie Liz and Uncle John because they actually have common sense along with these other people.
@MorningsMaria specifics n results or just a political talking powwow.
It's disturbing that you were traveling w/war-mongers like McCain & Graham(?) !
Glad to see someone is working, instead of playing golf every weekend.
LETS LOOK AT Obamas golf history.  President Trump has done more in his first 100 days than obama in 8 years.
And what was realistically accomplished? Same folks that gave safe harbor to OSB.
true. they aren't on the "list". very big problem with "vetting" and harbor of terrorists. Not this committee's doing.
No wonder nothing gets done. You're all in bed with each other.
You & McCain?? It figures!
How much did this cost the American taxpayer and what good did it do!
Probably much less than 35 trips to the golf course.
I hope you learned something Liz.  I am joined by millions that feel your speech and actions are comparable to terrorism.
Sabotage crew..screwing up trump.. get back to your damn states, and do your jobs for a change..wtf
Stay in Pakistan
did y'all eat Biryani while over there?
Whoa, wait, what?? We had some government officials out and about the world and they didn't blast their own free press...miracles exist!
No they were too busy apologizing for our 250 year history
And bowing to the Saudis
Why? Our greatest threat to our country is inhe White House.
Get back to The Capital that is where your job is not meddling in the State Departments Buisness
Glad you are all back safe and unharmed. Glad you went and hope your trip was not in vein. ;) Thank you for all of your hard work.
Gets me every time. HALF OF US ARE WOMEN.
So that makes you an expert !
This is nice to see, everyone can work together.
U sure no sbipers around? Shot at during plane ride,strafing???
Too bad you have never met Carey Schofield a lady like u living in Citral running a school for girls with amazing guts & heart she knows Pak
How about coming home through Viet Nam where McCain can announce a senate investigation into the POW's that the US left behind after the war
Please stay there.
Thank you both for your commitment to our military and the security of our country!
Junket. They fly around in these all first-class posh government jets - luxury hotels - high end meals - doing "research".
Cush gig.
More fleecing of taxpayers with no results
Keep up the good work.
you all should be ashamed! Too waste so much most $ while so many suffer here! Your own words on how bad it is!
Did you discuss w/ @LindseyGrahamSC + @SenJohnMcCain WH efforts to roll back Russia sanctions despite Senate bill and #trumputin bromance?
Did you represent the Sioux Nation?
Yay bipartisan! Go get it! Work together for the common good!
It's called TEAM WORK
What a crowd: RINOs and Shitlibs.
Hope you're having a good time.  And I'm glad I'm not there.  Time to end the wars?  Gut the military budget?  Good luck with that.
glad to see at least some of you can work together to protect USA. More togetherness less separatess
how much did that one cost us?
Gee,at least they are trying to contribute,who is wasting money ,miralago? How much does that cost the taxpayer. Plus lining his own pocket
What right do u have to go to Pakistan to discuss anything. go 2 Chicago and discuss the security of all the American being kill there.
Nobody cares. It's too bad you think someone cares. Wish they would have left you in Pakistan.
What a waste of #TaxpayerFunds
#GirlPower
I am seeing some gop traitors
Glad 2c r government do care about r countrys security n the world,becus  trump just put us n serous danger trashing r CIA on the worldstage
Oh please, what would we do without this career politician, who has done absolutely nothing for her state.
Glad you were there to hold McCain's hand and help him understand what was going on.
Granny and Grandpa together in Pakistan. Traveling the world on the taxpayer dime, and accomplishing absolutely nothing.
Wow! Go to the one place that housed/hid Ossama Bin Ladin to talk about US counter terrorism? You and the never trumpeters can stay there!
Oh dear God, more of this, please! Only bipartisanship is going to save democracy. #TogetherForTheCommonGood
You and @SenJohnMcCain make a frightening pair
Bet you have to get used to the company of white males as a Senator. Best of luck!
Just a thought, but maybe we should Stop funding Extremists to fight other Extremists.
@realDonaldTrump you are much better than PRESIDENT FAKE FACTS TRUMP
I am so grateful there are intelligent envoys of US in troubled areas. #keeptrumpout.
Even Graham. I would have left him at home
Oh heavens, what would the world do without these two career politicians, that have gotten wealthy on the backs of tax payers
When do Impeachment hearings begin? Investigation with special prosecutor on hold! Come on folks
Keep dreaming distance, he would have to do something wrong.
Thank you for bipartisanship-together we can accomplish anything!
Does this make you a Pakistani?
And I bet you got more done working together then you would working apart so can it continue when you both get stateside the world thanks u
What about North Korea???? Kick the can down the road for how long? Or how much longer-doesn't CIA have a strategy?
wonderful don't forget the terrorism right here in America with the traitors in the WH and GOP advocating violence
Yes,violence is up 500% since he took office,sickening
How embarrassing will it be for you when you lose to Trump? How embarrassing will it be for Dems when you're their strongest option in 2020?
great pics glad someone is working together for good
Thank goodness someone smart is doing the job!
Nothing about you is bipartisan
Maybe #healthcare can be bipartisan. Healthcare for all Americans! People first not Party!
Love u Elizabeth
Its a shame you both made it out.
Ummmm aren't u for open borders?  I guess u wanted a vacation!
Thank you.
Did you meet our Ambassador to Pakis....

Oh, right.

Nevermind.
Where is the light coming from in this pic?
.@realDonaldTrump Meanwhile, Donovich Trumpinsky played golf on the 4th of July and refused to visit Holocaust sites on his trip to Poland.
When you can't pass healthcare legislation despite having the house senate and White House 
