But I thought you had not seen the proposed bill. How all of a sudden do you know what's in the bill?
Its always been in the bill. Where u been
Simple fact. Regardless of what is or isn't in the bill. HC is not a right nor is it the federal govt power.
HC would have been better then Trump. He is killing America. Hes getting richer and. Do your home work on the man. Hes not good for us.
I see it differently and that is why I voted for him proudly the first time and would do so again . Never would I vote for HC
Is it Trump's failing business talent or his lack of respect for women that impressed you? His approach to Gold Star families? Trump Hotels?
And so far looking forward to voting in 2020 again for him. If no other reason it sends libs into a uncontrollable rage.
Well, it's not like we need Pocahontas in there screwing everything up.
Pocahontas would make it much worse, without a doubt.
Give them hell Elizabeth! We appreciate your fighting for our health care!
She's one of the only ones
lol you're talking to the wrong person if you think abortion will sway me
What if a rape =a baby. What if the mother's life is at risk? Some far right are wanting to deny BIRTH CONTROL to females!! Educate yourself
Stop with scare tactics crazy,woman
Reality? Keep your doctor? Premiums go down? So in the Dumbocrats world that was reality!   No one trust you!
They would have CHEAP coverage if government got the hell out of our business.
My three baby girls have suffered under obama health plan, help fix this bankrupt mess
They should repeal it all together and get government out of it. Only then, will the prices go down.
That's not fair! Some of those 13 men haven't even seen the bill they're "working" on. 
Neither did the ones who passed obamacare. Double standard?
maybe you should pay for them since you are among those rich elites. hypocrite #LiberalLogic #partyofLies
Abortion is not healthcare Lizzy.
OUR INCREDIBLE ADVOCATE!!!
Lmao, whats incredible is people believe she is a native american.
Good God!  Address the issue!
I'm sick of men regulating women's healthcare
Im sick of women making it a sexism thing.
This is why the Dems will continue to lose. Defunding PP is not restricting healthcare for women and the people know it.  We aren't stupid.
OK @SenateDems Show us what you got stop this Healthcare Bill by "Any Means Necessary" Don't wimp out on this one I'm tired of losing
Get use to losing Bill. Obamacare is being taken off life support.
I have my own family to insure. I don't need or want to pay for yours too
with an attitude like that move to an island Robinson Crusoe!
Republicans need to go..Dems. need to go out and #VOTE..make it happen Dems.
lol, I didnt know Indians were so funny
Fake indians lol
Lier
If PLanned Parenthood can donate 750 K to Ossoff's campaign in Georgia , they should not receive a penny of Federal Funding. Ridiculous
Oh my, how busy is E. Warren...
Pp murders the unborn.
Do something to stop them then. We have no voice, they're running the Democrats over!!
Thank GOD
Emphasis on the word MEN!
Emphasis on the word "sexism". 
The door swings two ways.
Elizabeth,what is your healthcare plan?
Lmao good point!
blare the claxon as loud as you can about how sexist something is, they all have wives who don't claim to be something they aren't #PocaLoca
It makes me sick to my stomach.
Maybe if government GOT OUT OF OUR BUSINESS.
I cannot understand how disrespectful they are to women? How do they lay down at the end of the day & feel like woman are important
I thought you could not see what was in the bill. Now you have all the answers so what is it. Lame and yet another lie from the left
Everyone knows you have trouble with the truth
See @SenWarren  a woman who doesnt care about herself or the next woman. The rich getting richer and the sick dying
Keep believing that.
Keep believing you have rights as a woman. Seriously stand up for woman's rights before we have none.
I have been a woman for 68 years and never had a problem.
Well you will now have one with your racist president.
No sense  continuing ...you live in your world and ill live in mine.Racist is your word for ignorance in a conversation.
Men GAVE YOU the right to vote, out of the generosity in our hearts... but you Feminists are full of hate, greed and promote Russian dogma.
Screw Planned Parenthood. We'll all be better off when it's gone. This time temporary. Maybe next time for good!
that is a lie women will have the same health coverage but it will be affordable.Obamacare 30 million paid the penalties
How do you stay in office? Sheeple followers
Stop the bullshit seriously! You won't get reelected! Stop the rich game, fake news, yelling racism, etc. America is sick of it!!!!
Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republican Bill "killing people."
Abortion is not healthcare & the American public is sick of paying for it. PP aborted  330,000 in 2016 & our taxes did pay for some of it
Taxpayers don't need to be funding an Abortion Mill.   At What Point, exactly, 
 do women take responsibility for their actions ??
You're Sexist, Lizzie.  The women involved in ObamaCare made Middle Class lives very difficult with ObamaCare TAX.
Blah Blah Blah tax cuts for the rich- pulled that "45" out of your record box .. old Senile bat
Why does it matter who is talking about it? Seems a bit sexist of you to mention that senator.
This is starting to sound familiar. What a travesty!
13? It's the whole party.
Don't play the gender card. Your idea of healthcare for women is providing STD meds and late-term abortions. You DO NOT speak for all fems.
Garbage just garbage from the squaw
When they trade what r they getting in return? Is it a barter transaction?  How many women will die now? Will any males die? What age will d
Are you on Obamacare?
Hey Indian princess looks like you Dumbocrats are batting .000! Keep up the good work!! 4 more years #MAGA! ROTFLMAO! Thank You
As the biggest misandrist out there, what makes you hate so much? Is it just innate or can you justify your contempt for 'precious' men?
Wait, what about the Russians? Is this Putins bill? Ive been looking over my shoulder for Russians for a year now.  Is it safe yet Elizabeth
How is this a woman's issue ? Does everything have to be about race or gender ? Really getting old
Don't forget the disabled Sen Warren. They are preying on the most vulnerable among us for $$$ for rich. Shameful.
despicable.
rePUSlican mantra"keep'em barefoot, ignorant & pregnant"!! HC,HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Same old song. You poor persecuted woman who went an Ivy League school. What's it like to always be the victim? @FoxNews @CNN
Well, in case you've forgotten your role in this, you backed the worst politician in the history of politics & you'd do it again in 2020
Lier
Disgusting ! How can this continue to happen?
Senator Warren the dems need strong voices like yours out front more
Yes they do!!!! To guarantee MY POTUS gets reelected in 2020! You and Pelosi. Keep up the good work! LOL! #MAGA!
RIGHT! Men don't know enough to make any decisions. Good call!
Pathetic misconstruing and misinforming your constituents @SenWarren #sad
That means you are detrimental to the constitution and independent visual liberties.
Tax cuts for the rich, the Russians, the collusion, muh obstruction. Lies, lies, lies. Marxism is detrimental to the constitution... 1/1
Warren claims to be a woman, yet she has the chest of a little boy and screams and pouts like a little boy.
How many little girls will be mutilated  in this country under sharia because of fools like bloody Warren ( goofy)
ATTENTION WOMEN! Goofy wants more potential terrorists to flood into our country.  Most of those Muslim men coming want sharia law
Nobody is trading away anyone's healthcare Liz, you're free to buy as much healthcare as you want.
ALWAYS with the Identity Politics.
Thanks @SenWarren for fighting for us
This is sickening. But I don't know how this can change while these goobers are in charge of everything.
#repealthe19th
Just because you're speaking about it does't mean you're being factual.  #lyingliberal
I'm just glad there are no Brothers in that gaghle 
What a lie!!
beg to differ, Planned Parenthood is not WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE....IT IS AN ABORTION SERVICE.
#FakeNews
So sick of you Dems with your Fear Tactics. Dems did same thing when you all passed Obama Care. Pass it to see what's in it. Lies..
#McConnells13. Planning a heist of something truly priceless--the health & well-being of millions. #Trumpcare @CrazyCommonCens
Thank you!
How dare you assume their gender
All of you really make me wanna puke. I have two daughters serving in the Military and where is she for them. Right, keep voting for this.
Until we have all seen the new Health Care Bill, have time to read it and analyze it, why are making false statements? Just to stir the pot?
Go in there and tell those 13 they are not doing enough against women..Your support for Sharia Law will gelp convince them to do more 
Liz better than 13 women like you and Hilliard & let's not forget Nancy Pelosi-you guys have nothing to offer America- no  platform-no hope
@SenateDems Better get much tougher. They're too weak! #gettough
Liz  you're done nothing for women but bitch - get some reality if u can
Obamacrap has failed miserably, as expected. Why do you insist on supporting something that has harmed so many? Your HATE for Americans?
this type of message doesn't sell to the masses.  It won't.  Its notable.  Bad.  But not a leading message for a major party... or messenger
agree with you, sister..don't give up....I won't either.
Blah blah blah
If you change 13 men to 13 women
Whoopi would on u like a fly on shit
"Freedom of speech" at play (McConnell's pitch?)?  Dollars talking?  Institutionalized corruption?  Help, help.
Medicare for ALL! It just WORKS!
Good old dem scare tactics. Not working anymore. Try something new like a plan. #MAGA
Please do something quick all in the name of greed
Have you ever said anything positive you wicked witch! You need to be fired & replaced!
Senator incredible It doesn't have to be that way get off your butt and do your job and not this Schumer crap you won't participate.
By women's rights you mean the tearing apart of little babies. You can still murder your unborn but We the Ppl aren't paying for it anymore
Why should my text dollars pay for women's abortions? And you know as well as I do that Planned Parenthood does mostly abortions.
Thank you Senator Warren!!!
And watch a video of Ryan stating if a woman is raped & becomes pregnant the RAPIST can say if she can have an abortion!! #RESIST
Bullshit, if you want healthcare to work quit driving up the cost with subsides. Make it a preventative care system. Gov. Screwed it up.
Planned Parenthood gave $730,000 to Ossof's losing campaign in GA. How much women's healthcare would that money have paid for, Betty?
Yes, women's, childrens', vets' , old people's, anyone-who's-sick's. We really are becoming a 3rd world country. No heart!
This is so wrong.  Old white men cutting health care for women, so their friends can get tax cut
She persisted. Thanks from all of us.
Pocahontas has not seen the"Secret Bill." Abortion is not="women healthcare." Another Lib shell game.
We all deserve today's medical treatments. Tax dollars paid 4 them to NIH and other grants from govt. We have skin in the game.
Of course, more nonsense. Keep up demonizing the wealthy and eventually it will backfire. It's simply divisive and un-American.
Thank you @SenWarren So proud you represent me and many women outside our great state.
Maybe those 13 men know better
Sickening and appalling 
Europe is waiting for you!
Do they plan on doing away with future elections, or have they already worked out a deal with Russia to fix those too.
Would not call them men!
Fight fight fight
#TheRichAreDicks
That's a stupid argument but then you know that
Cry cry cry. That's all she does. Shutup and do something good for Americans. Please shutup.
Thats bull
Your party unilaterally raised taxes on all of us to pay for this in 2009. This isn't a tax cut for the rich. You're a demagogue
Republican refusal to pay for your reproductive choices isn't denying you anything. Be responsible and pay for it yourself.
That's 13 more than the family's YOU stated their HC would go down $2400 a year CLOWN.
Class envy isn't working anymore. Why not try working together and come up with a positive message.
These pathetic little men are not public servants, they are leeches, they are venom, they should be embarrassed but they're not f*ck em 
"Women's healthcare"? A new euphemism for whoring around and having free abortions?
the Republican SECRET Healthcare is ridiculous, UnAmerican, Cheating, Lying , MEAN ! WTF!
13 men...what happened the last time 13 men famously sat at table...hmmm...like 2017 years ago?
Nevertheless she persisted. Fight on!
I can't watch! BP goes sky high watching these idiots .
More fake news coming from the left.
Don't forget an oppressed women won against a rich white man in GA
Too many White Old Men in the hallways. Time for them to go.
that's right honey show them what your made off
Omg You r the biggest fool.
Man the left has lost their mind I jumped ship after I voted for 8 failed years of Obama! Looks like I got out perfect time!
More lies.
After all the defeats the left has suffered lately, you think they would change up the playbook.
Tell us about these 12 men!
Poca-who?
isn't 13 a witches coven, and they meet in secrecy?
These are lies! I know this, why wouldn't you? So thankful when your time in Washington is up! U are a waste of time, money for Americans 
Let's go rich people; I hope we can have more and more of them.
Liar, hypocrite
#Persist
You can say anything you want, yet democrats continue to lose because the people see what you cant possibly understand!!
