nobody cares Lizzie you're speaking to the crazy leftist 25% of the party that just lost election
correction: crazy right who is dwindling in # because u eleced a psychpath
sure we shall see in 18 ..only protests and sqawking is on media and states Hillary won anyway
states she won like Iowa, where >10K protested after the inauguration?
trump won state by 150k .. those 10k voted for Hillary... math is hard
i see that size seems to still matter. How sad
you're being fooled by biased media & small violent paid protesters .. 4yrs to see
that's funny, I wonder where the media was at the protest I went to for free
Love your leadership, Senator Warren. You're a true patriot
no she is not! She is an obstructionist! She lies her ass off and has been since she went to college& lied
For the record.  You don't favor politicians that don't tell the truth?
yes I do. That is why I voted for Trump!
you do realize that Trump has been caught in more lies than most pols put together?
looks to me like he is doing everything he promised during the campaign which is fine by me!
Remember how he said he would be tough on wall street.  There goes investor protection regulations
are talking about dodd frank? Because I was a LO when that came out. It ruined mortgage biz.
should we invite #Beyoncé to show us her nipples as she did in the Obama WH?
what for the FLOTUS has her's all over the Internet.
Let's put partisanship aside for a few minutes.  If you have these pictures, I'll need to see them.  Just to verify...
google #Beyoncé nipples
why so worried with her nipples, you should worried about how the FLOTUS is seen... no class there!
I'm still laughing at this remark. As if the previous had any class.  she won't take vacations on my dime!
and with class, Mrs. Obama has more in her pinky then arm candy Melania's whole self.
Hate to correct you here, but more like half a pinky...
have u lost your mind?
@realDonaldTrump & tax returns, conflicts of interest, Russian interference keep your eye on the real issue
wow we really are back to the 1950s.
You are an embarrassment to Mass. stop the lying please !
I love you Senator Warren. You go girl!!!! The people will not forget all you've done for us.
I can't think of anything that she's done but waste time and money
lololol okay Twitter egg!!
wow what a come back that really hurt lol lol you're a tough egg
@DarciWLTX @GOP @exxonmobil Grasping at straws Pocahontas!
I wished and wondered why you never ran for POTUS, Senator Warren. We'd surely be in better circumstances.
Do it girlfriend!!!
continue your hard work and persist for all of us! We support you!
You have lost your ever loving mind! Step away from the internet,have a glass of wine and try to make yourself respectable
Give em Hell!
why doesn't this matter ethically anymore???
please keep pressure on Trump to show his tax returns. Follow the money.
stand strong Senator Warren we are with you and we believe in your struggle
Dream on, cupcake, and keep those crazy thoughts of your coming.  Massholes are starting to wake up to your crap
@Jlo2Judy @GOP @exxonmobil... OMG
you are a nut.  What did you do against losing our A+ rating? Putting us in debt to China? Seek help!
Please keep up the good fight!
You're a professional LIAR
Tweet Tweet! Give 'em Hell, Liz! You and Bernie are leading the charge! I stand with you!
see if you get invited to one of their multiple houses!!
Tweet Tweet! I can't afford the trip, and Exxon may not offer anything...
he is not a dictator. how did you ever get as far as you have not very smart
I am not interested in what you say, you #liberal #democrates got caught rigging your own election shame on u
@The_book_girl @SenWarren    Thanks, Jen, for retweeting this link.
when we go global as you want, the dictator will not be from America Trump is heads above you.
Dictators? How about you and Chuck denounce paid protestors and denounce violence dems
Senator Elizabeth Warren, You Are My Hero. Please find a way to impeach traitor trump and his corrupt cabinet.
please provide substantiated evidence of this claim. Otherwise you are just as guilty of fear mongering and/or lying as the GOP
Thank you Senator .Glad someone cares about this country. @GOP, for all their flag lapels, have sold out. #putingate
Senator Where was ur keen insight with Clinton foundation? Ur newly found moral high ground is delusional
thank you for staying strong for all American ppl 
why is the US giving military aid to dictatorial regimes in Africa . Like Cameroon who disregards basic human rights
thank God for your courage and integrity. You are so strong, and we stand with you. @GOP @exxonmobil shame on you!
#resist #standingunited #TrumpRussia #generalstrike #NationalStrike #NOWARWITHIRAN #NEWVOTE
thank you for all you do

#GOP ~ #GoodOldPutin
White women speaks with forked tongue!
@MrJamesonNeat @GOP @exxonmobil Ask them abt dictator Trump also
go get 'em Senator Warren!  Grab 'em by the pocketbook!
@ruckawriter @GOP @exxonmobil why not stop this bloody madness then? Take a stand & fight #Resist
bien te apollamos
would like to hear you want to run in 2020
you supported the Iran Deal to give billions to terrorist & then sold them uranium. Surprised you have twitter in ur teepee.
Don't "discuss".  Take a stand!!!
Says the rightous left!  Oh please!  Get in touch with middle America!  May win seats in the future.
You mean like the one the Obama Admin gave to Iran?
Boy oh boy, I support you! 

To the @GOP, I support a fair, open America!
Stay strong!
Thank you from Springfield
It seems the US gobernment is emulating the Mexican one
correction Sen Warren is sitting and crying on the senate floor like a little toddler #whereismypacifier
Great. NOW we have to remove this dictator & cohorts!
Thank you, Senator!
sort of like our tax dollars being handed to the UN 2support some of the scum of the scum. Can we focus on that
Hey Lizzie : Nobody is watching you . Looks like your 15 minutes are up !
Get 'em!
Raise hell @SenWarren! #Resist
Corrupt Trump did it yesterday by allowing Putin to get any money yesterday. Make Corrupt Trump deal with Putin
Discuss it with them the American people and let them know how Corrupt Trump is doing it
Excuse me Slick Lizzy Ayatollah Obama is gone and he has already paid off Iran. You didn't disagree then.
crybaby
Give them Hell!
you go Elizabeth! You are all we have left!
are any Republicans ethical or all just amoral power hungry despots how can we get out of this!!!
go get em Elizabeth.
always something with you, your a nut and need professional help, but afraid your to far gone!
this will be funny Pocahontas meltdown go get em Goofy yuk yuk
Do a rain dance for us. Obstructionist Dems are done
Thank you for trying to look out for us.
Elizabeth,  you are full of yourself. Term limits for you dear!
go at them
maybe you should finish the job of voting on cabinet posts do the country's business can proceed.
it's always about the oil
keep up the good fight @SenWarren! We love you!!!
I believe that is called doing your job which the people of MA. questionf if you are doing your job well.
have you or your colleagues worked at this furious pace in the past?
with ALL these things against trump why  hasn't anyone started the impeachment process surely enough evidence! !
thank your colleagues for their help with AG Sessions Senator.
STAY STRONG @SenWarrenYOU ARE AMAZING!! @robreiner @MarkRuffalo @MMFlint @DebraMessing @GOP  #BannonIsEvil #exxonspills #Resist @cnnbrk
Thank you Senator Warren. How to stop all.this corruption?
Good job, Sen Warren
hello
Thank you, Senator, for your fearless pursuit against these injustices. @GOP is too afraid of Tweets to be ethical.
Keep up the pressure and tell me where to sign up to join the anarchist movement!
you have had 8 years to stop Obama and it was not important then why is it now?
wouldn't let me watch
Did this pass? Please post an update. Thanks for the info! #Resist
Thanks for fighting against corruption in our White House. It's inspiring!  Next up --  Follow the Rosneft money.
40% of voters wantmpeach? we are sick of lies, deadNavSeal, daily propaganda, terrible Exec orders, total mess!!
#amendmentXXV
Discuss sounds like "watch" which sounds like "OK." So what is the going rate to oilboard a planet?  #ExxonKnew
THANKS ELIZABETH WARREN!!!!!!!!!!!
Impeach!
can't we just please start the impeachment process what more are u waiting for for gods sake
take trump ass down with Rex he's n on it 2!
dig the shit out of somebody's ass-kill this bs mascaraed of our democracy 2 get rich!
Hope you have a @Starbucks or @DunkinDonuts card for all this running around. Us rationale citizens appreciate your efforts!!!
His real goal as he hurls incendiary directives hurting ppl who have so little. Shameful even 4 u.
Funds from 19.5% Rosneft sell off through bank in Cayman Islands, Trump had to lift sanctions on Russia. That was the deal.
please stop all tax breaks for these oil companies our American dollars going to pay off dictators and shahs
looking forward to 64 million Russian acres and no mule. No easing #russiansanctions #TrumpRussia
no thanks. I don't watch stuff from 2 faced people!
Stay Strong Senator God Speed...
The People need you, Sen Warren! Stay strong!
Did you drive there with some foreign dictators gas?
Help us, Senator Warren!!!
you are such a brave and fierce woman.   I stand behind you.  #resist  #trueleader
thank you senator!
Don't let up, Senator. We're depending on you.
Be sure to be there before 6:30 in the morning for Devos.
keep the pressure up on every appointment and everything trump does wrong he will make a mistake I hope
oh like dictator dump and president bannon? #ImpeachmentSoon
thank you Senator Warren! Republicans support greed and oppression.
You truly are clueless.
@ealight461 does this include our current "leader"?
Get them Senator!
my prayers are with you every day and pray every morning for you! What a hard job you have you are appreciated!
@sadybeaches @GOP @exxonmobil should've backed Bernie
When does the full senate take up the vote on Betsy Devos, please? What day, what time.
keep fighting for us!!!! Love what you're doing! We need more like you!
give them hell.
Why would u want to help the Rep do that. I thought u were fighting for little guy. Did u get Beach house next to Bernie. 
Thank you Senator Warren.This administration is making Nixon & Harding look good, & we aren't even into week 3!
Resign already.
Keep it up! #RESISTANCE
knowing you are out there working for us helps me sleep at night.  #thankfuldeminmi
no that's was obama and the democrats giving Iran billions.
Who's secretly paying off 0bama?
Sessions must be stopped ! He brought Carter Page to Trump campaign and is an unsavory Russian conduit!
, isn't that just like making arms deals with despots and human rights abusers? Did you miss the irony there? #Hypocridems
this lady supports socialism , which supports communism which is aligned with dictatorship
They've been doing it for decades. First time I've ever seen it on Twitter.
Fight, fight, fight! The American people are with you!
it's so obvious.
Head, meet brick wall.
Good luck with that.
God bless you Senator! Go get 'em!

Go get 'em.
the GOP are terrorists. Our lazy ass military,  like the @USMC , need to arrest and execute them all
thank goodness for your work Elizabeth, we need you to expose the truth.
Any inquiries as to Russian ties?  Asking for a few friends
@WhitneySavage76 @GOP @exxonmobil  And one of ours in Russia was filming, apparently poisoned Again. On last fe supporter,MSNBC
 for him
Get them Elizabeth
don't let up, don't give an inch, resist, stay vigilant, Houston, we got a problem. Emergency big protest needed
thank u. You must be exhausted! Too many terrifying things happening. Grateful for your vigilance and resistance
go get 'em Liz!
this lunatic has got us headed straight 4 another world war with his wonderful diplomatic skills! He's gotta go!
@doninya_sanchez @GOP @exxonmobil Good lord!
You go, girl! Fight like hell!
watching you on Senate floor is http://inspiring.You  r a great role model for women and girls across America.
Warren is a nut case. She makes Bernie seem sane!
Thank you for fighting!
tell McCain to vote no on DeVos
Republicans prove yet again they look out for themselves and not those they are elected to serve. Thx Sen Warren
Shut up already Warren.. just go away already
is that our new dictator or someone else's?
yes we all would like to know@gop
President Elizabeth Warren has a really nice ring to it !!!
get off your rocking chair and create some jobs You continue to incite the liberal storm troopers to creat chaos
start talking about how smart bannon, trump just puppet 4 him!
Kick ass and take names. Counting on you.
Thank you but there's been a lot of fight, fight, fight followed by lose, lose, lose. New strategy?
Seriously?  Sen Warren lives in fantasy land - fantasy land of her mind.
Give 'me hell Senator. We need your straight to the point approach now more than ever. Hoping Brutal Honesty prevails!
Loved your book & very proud of you.  A sincere, "Thank you."  Getting involved.
Yhank you so much!
Sen Warren thank you. Gaslighting ain't working, we see clearly this web. You have my support!
He is not from Massachusetts nor does he need to pay off the Democrats
you are amazing keep up all your hard work! Much thanks from Portland, Oregon
It doesn't matter what you say! Geez, it takes actions! Telling does nothing. Try changing rules like GOP. Cheat
what about Exon/Putin/trump/Sanctions?
