GO BACK TO THE CASINO BUFFET LINE YOU OLD BAG
coming from mental twitter user who writes in all caps.. Better get back to school, son.
trump 1, democrats 0
Wow, typical conservative.  Party over country.  Keep voting against your own interests.
Said the Eggman...
It is our country.
Not Globalists.
Not Elitists.
Not Hollywood's.
Not Migrants.
I'm a proud American & 'globalist'.  America is pluralist. Even nut-job conspiracists have their say...
.@JoeMattes @pgonz16 
"I'm Joe Mattes, Virtue Signaler. I don't really believe any of these things but like to think I'm better than others"
which pundit did you hear  'Virtue Signaler' from? Very trendy... it applies to all non-fascists?
YOU want people to believe YOU when your career is marked by LIES that nobody believes any longer?  STIFLE, Senator!
you're the worst form of racist. You would rather keep people down and on gov assistance than see them better themselves.
I have pre-invasion mimosas & a "mission accomplished" banner  :D #swamp17 #GreetedAsLiberators
Damn, no one will invade us cuz the district has no oil.
he will indict Hillary
where is your headdress Pocahontas? Don't you owe #Harvard a refund. #fraud #liar
will the left chant, #NoMyAG ?? Hahah
#ShamelessLiar
You thought we could replace Bernie with a woman whose career stands for killing foreigners and trading $ for power.
Please keep fighting. It's all we have until next election.
Oh @SenWarren. You make me giggle.
@lauriecrosswell  That's what makes him such a good dancing partner for HumptyTrumpty.
racism is american but at least redneck job seekers can get KKK union benefits and lower interest rates on trailer homes
"hostility to the rule of law"? *cough cough* sanctuary cities
Keep on obstructing @POTUS's cabinet picks by creating division & assuring #Voters you will be a horrible candidate in 2020
Hopefully with enough digging we will soon be able to put you on trial.
so rule 19 doesn't apply to twitter? I'm gonna save and send this to McConnell I'd like to know if you can slander sen on twitter
if you worked as much as you talked maybe something would get done in Washington
that would be PRESIDENT TRUMP to you madam
That's PRESIDENT Trump, Fauxcahontas.
Yes, Jeff Sessions.
Keep up the great work
More ppl hating Dems bcs of ppl like you.
Shows the true nature of your party
pfffff! Your words are meaningless to so many.
Exactly did he do? Not from a letter that is 34 years old! Was elected by the Americans of Alabama. I guess their no good either?
.@SenWarren @elizabethforma - You're in the minority, you lost, you're powerless. #DealWithIt Pocahontas!
keep smoking that peace pipe #Pocahontas time 4 you get drained from the swamp! Your an embarrassment to #massachusetts #Time2Go
I've been a democrat all my life, never again  "his career is defined by the rule of law" hhmmmmmm
So sounds like the perfect man for the job. Hey lady it's not 1986 anymore. You are a dinosaur who lives in the past. Move on
President Trump's choice not your's. Better then that CROOKED LYNCH but nothing was said about her.But u Dems seem to like CROOKS
baloney! Writing fiction and doing the chicken little dance! the sky is falling the sky is Falling!
Looks like Jeff Sessions won....hahahaha....now what??
I agree with you 100%
@Warren4Prez1 Dear Elizabeth- 2day on my Facebook pg I tried to make sense of the Trump threats 2 sanctuary cities.
resist! We the people are with you!!
can you do anything but lie? this is your MO. But Truth Trumps lies. You've been Trumped!
That is a LIE and you know that is a LIE! Stop posturing at the citizens expense!
@Warren4Prez1 Reptilian Overlords of Matrix/Prison Planet Earth: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXTH0umrilidoRU1JWuHzEZyl83I1q4uM … @Reptoid_Hunter @nephilim_legion
Publlish a list of provable facts
Mrs. Warren, I am older than you and most the Congress. I remember Sessions from '50. Klukler to ninth/degree.  Keep him out.
Fight the good fight.  You are backed by more Americans than they are.
never!!
@Soulshinesailor you are a liar. Get a life.
or "Fidelity to the Constitution, Including Fighting the Klan". So do you support the KKK, Geronimo?
There you go again, Pocahontas! RESIGN NOW. Become a Dog Catcher.
you are such a liar and I am sure even people following you can see that.
and you were ok with Loretta Lynch meeting with BC? Or taking the 5th under oath? Shut it!
why did he pass in the committee then? How can this be stopped? @buckwheataz61

keep DeVos out! Sessions is whatever. DeVos is not qualified to run education.
@galaxygirlwings brought to you by Steve Bannon himself
BLOCK
BULL
Trump expects you to allow him to become despot RULER so he can be adored by his minions and further enrich his empire.
The record shows Sessions stood with minorities. Your alternative facts falls flat.
@DavidKoechner Aaaand it's almost a done deal.  What's your next failure going to be?
we are #screwed
block his nomination. Block them all!
.@SenWarren He'll get through, but by all means, keep pouting...
And he's not 1/16th Native American, what a loser!!!?!
Don't comply.  oh, and...do what you can to get bannon, miller and friends out.  Thanks for your service Sen. Warren.
If Sessions-approved&Trump allowed 2cont2 destroy Americas values-Senate has failed its people&Constitution!
Please do all you can to stop the approval on Mr. Sessions.
does anyone actually believe Sessions would of stood up against Trump on Musslim ban?
what have you done? Sessions will be our AG!!!!!
Frankly, I see more hostility from you and your party.  It's disheartening to watch how you treat each other.
vote no no no
liar
yours is full of wampum, peace pipes, and lying about your heritage to gain an edge. Fauxcahontis
@ChloeBennet4 @EmilyVanCamp @MingNa @YOSOYCORDOVA
he expects you to act like a decent human being...
Please don't do it!
NO WAY!!!!!! Our law is too important to give it away.
Thank you for everything that you're doing for all of us. Your courage and leadership are both greatly appreciated.
I expected Devos to be rejected too and look at what's happened.
@queequeg0925 really? He's the one who shut down the clan in Alabama!  You're a propagandist
u are the problem with American democracy. U tried to rig an election and it didnt work. expect the FBI will be paying u a visit
Stay strong Dems!!!
you ma'am have done nothing for your country
Because he wouldn't allow blacks to vote twice?
you don't know rule of law, nor do you abide by them, you have no notion of what law & order is, which is what we need !!
I support the Democrats to stage a walk out to keep these bad men out off office maybe just maybe the rest of America will wake
Liar! Always twisting things around. #NOTre-elected
thank you for standing up. Sessions is particularly dangerous given this executive.
No he's going to put in Jeff Sessions without you.

we need u to STAND firm @HillaryClinton we need u to show us the way @POTUS44 we need u 2 walk with us #Resist #thisMatters
More Fake news from Fauxcohantas. He brought down the KKK in 'Bama & desegregated schools. LIBS r pro-slavery & Anti-black.
#propaganda #fightthemachine Lil' Pocahontas! Prove your documents that your Native American!?!?! I'll wait...... #USA #T45 #MAGA
shut up ...u support Madeline Albright.where's the outrage about half million children she okay with murdering.she said worth it.
You're all so backwards it borders on true insanity.  You have no credibility...lie about your race to get votes.. now that's bad
Please #StopSessions. He does not have a record demonstrating fairness and this president has no rules. PresidentBannon is worse.
Please vote no
Trump seems to think the one with money will win, in the end money is not needed.
what can be done?
Also, Sessions campaigned with Mr Trump!
Who will also apparently answer to @realDonaldTrump & his/Bannon's "agenda" instead of the American people! #StopPresidentBannon
please rally the rest of the Dems to stop/delay as many nominees as possible. Absolute no-no on the SCOTUS nominee.
@PoliticalBee Take it to them! If they want to operate in a vacuum, bring on the Dysons! Hold them accountable! #block
so what are you going to do about it? Tweeting is easy
And when was the last time he actually practiced law?
#sessions is an out of touch white guy who has no business being AG!  Vote no!  #RejectSessions
well he will be AG so get over it
we know he's a racist. we must do everything we can to block him. thank you for not voting for him, Senator Warren Warren
oh Elizabeth, how embarrassing this last year has turned out to be for u and your party.
Absolutely! American people have spoken! We control: The White House, Senate and House! Sit down and be quiet! Your time is over!
@BlueTeam007 no to Jeff Sessions
the disgraceful exec order makes it critical that Sessions is NEVER AG. Round up the NO votes and vote him down!
Trump has successfully diverted everyone's attention away from Russia. FOCUS people, please. #resistance #impeach #russianhacking
no no just no.   Keep fighting!
JUST DEMAND NO
Vote no because no thank you! #fucksessions
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT! This is a call to all... gather people time to stand for our democracy. We are NOT a in a new normal! WRONG!!!
just say no
go away
do what you all have do to stop him ,Tillerman , HHS nom.  You all have our support & will have more in 2020, must resist ......
Jeff Sessions is likely President Bannon pick and Puppet Trump pushed it through
With all due respect, Senator, if you couldn't block DeVos, how will you block anyone?
Stop spreading lies.
@lauramerge please do everything in your power to stop it then! Why isn't the dem leadership having daily press briefings btw?
@YellaDogTexan Appreciate your opposition, Senator!
hostility toward women too - Violence Against Women Act; isn't certain grabbing a woman by the pussy is assault
It would be wise to Vote YES for JEFF
@MikeCarlton01 you smoke crack liz?
do you believe your own lies?
@teeheeheemcfee filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster. Filibuster. Trump and the GOP shouldn't get anything
@UndergroundSch2 its only been a little over a week. Yet it seems like years. Can only imagine how mentally drained u are.
you lied and claimed to be a Native American and YOU stole a Harvard job from a real Native American
WANT SUM...PLEASE LET ME KNOW...CHERAKEE
It feels like the swamp was drained and the muck at the bottom was used to fill the Whitehouse.
I did not see you rioting in 2011, did you smoke the peace pipe with Obama in 2011? Oh forgot It was obamas ban that's different
PLEASE fight this nomination tooth and nail! I haven't been this nervous about the US since the 80's.
take him down! He's unqualified for the job. He is dangerous. He is a racist. He is a homophobe. He is a bigot.
.@SenWarren @CNN @MSNBC Important that Americans dissect the lies that Liz, Dems & Media spread, dehumanizing honorable men & women
Please go away Elizabeth. You are petulant and whiny and just not interesting to listen to at all.
Slick Lizzy is so full of crap, she has to have brown eyes
we R with U! fight this administration until impeachment! Sessions would allow Trump to violate the constitution for his own end.
and he'll probably get in, just like the others.  what do we do when nobody stops them?
@ChloeBennet4 stop being political. Just butthurt feelings.
You just described the perfect fit.
focus on #PresidentBannon. @SenSessions3rd is a clown in @POTUS circus. UR smart but your colleagues won't #StandUpToTrump #sad
We know you will do all you can to stop him.  He needs to be stopped!
@Vishesh31 Please do more than tweet about it.
you are nuts
@XochitlHinojosa This coming from the person who put native American on her college application,twice. Lier. Lier Wigwam on fire.
please no Sessions
@TeslaOwnerBlog buzz off lady
you will though, because it's all in the hands of his followers now!
He's not hostile to immigrants, he is hostile to illegal immigrants...ILLEGAL border busters...
Good person to have if Trump thinks he can help America. Trump is doing a better job than Obama and Clinton did for the Nation.
vote NO on these shameful candidates for cabinet. Let's watch how newly approved cabinet performs-can they voice dissent & values
Thank you @SenWarren @SenatorDurbin & @SenDuckworth !!! #NoSessions #NoBanNoWall
Don't do it. #womensrights matter more.
they usually put sick animals down what happen to you warren
warren you couldn't find your but if you were sitting on the map to it  you lost as a lame duck
please oppose with all your might to Bannon to sit on nscnhy
no!!!!
You better make sure every single Dem votes no. You guys just ruined education with Betsy DeVos today.
@ChloeBennet4 that's because this gov as doesn't have any experience make rushing moves Acting before thinking is the new present
Sessions, Price, Pruitt, Mnuchin, Devos , Tillerson are all extremely dangerous. Know they can't all be stopped,but pray some are
PLEASE KEEP IT UP, the people are listening@buckwheataz61
You're the reason nothing gets done in Washington Lizzy..
Steve bannon get him out get him out get him out get him out
