Why the world traveling lately Senator?  Are you preparing for a run for president? I thought you should be focused on Mass?
Thank you Senator Warren for supporting our troops by sponsoring a bill that would require the DoD to screen for gambling disorder! 
Did you call it a powwow?
Wow! Those troops can tell their grandkids they met Pocahontas! I hope you smoked a peace pipe with them and performed a rain dance...
@SenWarren try visiting the troops and their families in Brockton, MA instead of Poznan & Powidz...#fake #phony #fauxcohontas
As a Native American? #fauxcahontas
You're a class act.
Sorry, can't hide my contempt for this woman..
Big fan of pussy grabbing traitors?
LOL..."traitor", u r referring to the DEMS the most corrupt, lying, scandalous, traitorous bunch of politicians ever right now. #LAUGHABLE
Right? So who cares if Trump had to pay out 25 million to his swindling victims before he could be sworn in, it's the DEMS!
Oh& Hatian Offical "Killed himself" three weeks ago,5 days b4 he was scheduled to testify against the Clinton Foundation-#CLINTONS ppl DIE
Sure! Hillary did it herself in her off time! Got any proof, unlike Trump's conviction?
Who's paying for this vacation Pocahauntice
Bullshit!
When are you visiting troops in Guam, ma'am?   
Make it quick as it might not exist for long.
and
US troops in front of St George's Hall Liverpool in First World War. 
You don't care about the troops. But cudos on the Poland trip and photo op.
Run for president please
Fake Pocahonta is!  She got it all planned but wrong candidate she is.  Poky will be sliced diced eaten alive by Deplorables. Wait n see.
How are those drugs doing for you today?
If the shit fits...Drumpf is a fool who will destroy the America you know, and hurt all that you care about.  America was already great!
plus ca change
US soldiers showing a Liverpool police sergeant their Thompson sub machine gun - WW2. 
YOU KNOW THE TROOPS DIDN'T WHAT TO SEE WARREN.  SHE FORCED HERSELF ON THEM !
What a waste of fuel and money to send goofey over there
Cool
Probably the only good thing you have done
Is that the Delta Force?
Since when have you actually cared about troops?
Phony photo opp there #Chief
Why are you tormenting our troops leave these hard working people alone most don't like you
The day?? Truth would be more like you took time for a photo op and a bullshit Q&A
Out spending more of the tax payer money for no good reason huh Betty
She's not on a golf course!
Ummmm.... TRUMP DOESN'T take a salary, and DONATES his back to the Government. So yeah... there's that!  Get real... seriously!
Tell them we are so grateful for their service
Did you take a straw poll before you visited to see if they align to your policies?
You sitting squad did nothing your whole term. Now your pandering
If you have time try to see some sights
http://tierneysineurope.blogspot.com/2017/07/poland.html …
you dont miss any opportunity to demonstrate your cheap cold war #Russia #hawk credentials, @SenWarren ?
Go visit Guam. We'll let you know when you can come home.
Tell them the truth who interfered in the election = #AwanBrothers #DNCFraudLawsuit Tell them not to die for a lie. #BringThemHome
Catholic Poland killed most Jews & blamed Hitler. Many Nazis were from Poland, France, UK. Ukrainian. You need 2 learn History
3rd gen Navy vet here -- thanks for showing the flag for us progressives! Nobody has a corner on patriotism in this great nation!
Most #dems hate america and only want to use her for their own personal gain, while selling her out to foreign interests.
I don't understand. You're a left wing liberal. They have always hated the Military. Are you posturing for the Presidential Election in 2020
Rounding out your political resume on the backs of our troops
Awesome.  Love  you
so brave
Great hopefully your libtareds don't rub off on them
Warren sucks
Give them big hugs from a grateful nation!
Should be in Washington working
So should your President
I hate your politics but it is wonderful to see you caring for our troops. thank you
#Greatness
Why is my Senator from MA. Working harder than @POTUS??  Ty Mrs.Warren . You have so much integrity,  unlike @POTUS!
To bad for them.
I know Poznan well-hope you enjoyed your trip!
As a vet, I would venture to say most didn't like your visit.
As a vet, I would love to visit with her.
Takes all kinds. It makes America great!
Go see her.
#JohnDelaney2020 
Do these troops know you secretly embrace Communism?

WHOOPIE! HATS OFF TO THE TROOPS THOUGH! HERE THIS IS FOR ALL OF U TROOPS.
To do what belittle them!
One evil person from the Hockomoc swamp
how about you spend some time trying to get this nutjob out of the white house before he gets all those soldiers killed?
Wake up bq your president obama got us into this mess typical liberal passing the buck on not wanting to take responsibility
Edwin, please stop killing my brain cells, thank you.
blocked! no time for fools
Good
visiting for 
I'm sure they were delighted.
Warren 2020!!!
Nooooo
Yeeeeees
