I am really starting to question your intellect right now.  What level of Math and economics did you take in college?
The GOP tax plan really helps out working fams who take standard deduct.  I just think you should be honest.  Just say no on 0% estate tax
I am just wanting you to be honest about the plan, not misleading nor hyperbolic.  Just state the facts.  I used to believe in you.
The plan does alot for working families. These politicians have become useless, all they do is fight.
They are only fighting it because it was Trumps idea. It’s no longer about what’s good for the people it’s how can we block Trump from getting anything done
Like GOP did for Obama. McConnell said he refused to work with him at all and do any n all to block any bill he tried to pass. Not 4 people
Have we reduced ourselves to being satisfied w/ elementary school tactics. When is enough enough?
Did you call your Reps back then? At least Democrats are working with both congress n trump unlike GOP past! So if ya didn’t have no case
Instead of "Fighting" could you instead do something productive and work with the GOP to build something that makes sense for Middle Class?
More fake news! The gop has refused to work with the Dems! Get the facts straight before you open you mouth! Ty!
Like how refused to work with Obama. Refused 100% to work w/him no matter if they liked the bill or not. GOP was against US by those actions
So let's make a change now. Blame is on BOTH SIDES.
Of course I’d rather they work together on what’s best for America. Problem now is Trump. He won’t read n learn whys’ n hows’ of taxes,sadly
Couldn't agree more. Luckily he doesn't get to be in meetings with the Senate or Congress as they try to work things out. Ignore the Cheetoh
That’s true but he n Goldman Sachs wrote it. Neither have any background or really educated on taxes.Very complex n one goal be get less red
Btw, trump still fair game to call names if one wants since he does it so often himself. It’s being mean etc to people have no clue about
We have the highest corporate tax in the free world. It is stupid not to be competitive.
Who keeps voting for you?
Obviously not you but that's ok because many of us do! You got my vote Senator. Thank you for being the voice of the middle class!
this is a prime example of why, centrist...smh
If it wasn't for masochists & stupid people, the Dems would have no base at all.She's a fraud, but in her mind, she was owed that slot...
Just boggles my mind on a daily basis Daniel, the stuff they say, lol 
Oh, and let's not forget those tax returns...are they still being audited?
Same old Repulsicans. TALK about middle class, DO social engineering to benefit the wealthy. How can we turn that?
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan name one example of when tax cuts for the rich produced economic growth
If they stay in office too long we're going to lose all of our power to fight for ourselves.

With everything else against the US. Why do we elect senators that willingly try to make the country fail?
Hey guy, take a good look. It isn't Senator Warren who is making this country fall it is our Commander and Thief!
Just another Bush tax cut on steroids.
Not  sure anyone realizes that's how the crash happened.
Wish the Republicans would remember that they caused the last two financial crises...
Regan trickle down theory was proven not to work. Plus this raises tax on poorest. Again GOP people for what help them not the country.
Thank you Senator
Stop dividing us... No class warfare. Top 10% already pay 70% of all federal income taxes.
Russian Troll pushing FAKE NEWS
Damn right we will!  We're with you Sen. Warren!
#ReverseRobinHood    The @GOP will take from the poor and middle class and give to the millionaires and billionaires.  Sad!
That is not this plan, if you dont at least take the time to read it, youll never really know
GOP is the new communist party
Good. You are amazing!!!
Thank you Elizabeth Warren!
You are a wealthy elite stop being a hypocrite.
Please fight.. because we the people SEE that YOU DEMS are doing NOTHING for AMERICA except trying to obstruct the man WE elected president.. to do what WE want done.  So now...clearly it's time to remove the DEMS #RIP2018. #MAGA
Did you see the final proposal. It hasn't come to debate yet
An unconscionable act of outright theft & duplicity.  Lies, corruption & greed.  That's the GOP.
We don't give a flying f%*k if the wealthy get a break as long as we do too! Cut the 
Help US! I'm from Taxachusetts! Do your job.
Fighting this bill is like kicking the middle class in the teeth.  This will be your downfall. You have no clue when it comes to economics.
A lot because she fights for the average American not too 1% and I’m glad she does! Like their healthcare bill all about what’ll help Them!
Thank you Senator Warren, for keeping up the good fight
That's what the GOP does, destroys the economy w/trickle down then needs a dem to fix it. No tax plan till trump shows taxes.
Since that you guys are tone deaf. I would appreciate doubling the standard deduction for ppl like me punish for being single and 1 kid.
@JamieEldridgeMA why should poor states subsidies rich states like Massachusetts
Where were you in the 80s
Liz - do you have a plan?????  Release it if you do.  And please "like" this tweet so I know you read replies. Then I can stop tweeting @ u
President Reagan tried trickle down and it failed. Badly.  Nice theory but it doesn't work in the real world.
Liar
You should be happy about it. You're not paying taxes so you get richer while we the middle class barely make ends meet
2013-2017 your campaign took in $17,905,000 cash currently on hand: $11,209,000  Why not donate some of that??
liar
You guys need to get rid of Trump yesterday, & admin.  Its way past time.  Start working!!!
Oh, i see, you Might have to take a pay cut and go on Obama care like the rest of the American people
#Obstructionist  #2018  #DayOfRecogning
Psychobabble from Pocahontas
Get em Elizabeth. 
Thanks again Senator Warren
The Dems are just as guilty. How about your vote passing the grotesque war budget increase?
Please Elizabeth...we need you help badly...& if you guys want me to speak up publicly..I will do it immediately
All of these for middle class & up..I almost want a seizure on his feet..I also wanna beat the s*#t out him. Sorry
I'm 53 Epileptic, spinal stenosis, 2 brain surgery still havin seizures a lot of medication for epileptics.i get 994$
Per month btw...so hard to live off of in this state..and I'm scared....really scared
No 'Miracle' Middle Class tax cut here! More @POTUS lies and misdirection! RESIST!!!
Rock on Liz!!
YOU ARE THE DARLING OF THE SENATE.  I KNOW YOU HAVE THE US MIDDLE CLASS AT HEART. GIVE THEM HELL!!!!!!!
GOP, alleged deficit halks until they see a chance to pass a tax cut for their kleptocrat financiers.
You fight for the poor, the family. It's what I like about you.
Tax cuts benefit small businesses too.  Current tax system hurting my Massachusetts small business. What are you doing for us?
Thank you!!!  keep standing for the people who live in the country...we are not privy to hidden agendas. Working too hard!
Instead of fighting NOW "this GOP tax plan" your colleagues should of fought for Americans' jobs lost for the last 30-40 years!
Without deduction for real estate taxes, we will be paying taxes on taxes. Death tax passed for 28 farmers. 25% own homes. Millions vs 28.
Thank you Senator Warren for keeping up the good fight! And thank you for opposing GC bill. Well done!!
@DonForCongress 
The resistance is with you 100%
Don’t complain - you’re one of its beneficiaries, jerk!! Find life elsewhere!!
We never heard this out of Hilly. Of course there are politicians who have both public AND private policies, and work harder on the private!
Thanks for fighting the good fights, Senator Warren! I so appreciate your work!!
Tooth & nail we will fight this type of tax dance that GOP like. No marcy docy doce w/ this lying group anymore. Do right great,wrong gone
Give the true tax payers a cut,get rid of loop holes,make rich REALLY pay fair share, which they don't, then ok.
Warren Buffet, true $B, says he pays 13% tax while salaried secretary pays 33% taxes. NOT FAIR. Make those $B pay fair share.Isn't happening
I'm assuming you have read the tax code...
FYI. Canada adores you and loved how you took on Trump. Congratulations. Stay strong
“Corporations are people” say Republicans, so tax all foreign income above the personal exemption at current rates just as for individuals.

Hey Liz, when are you going to wage war on private banks and 1%er investing advantages? Yeah, that's what I thought.
Go senator Warren. Glad someone cares.
QUIT KILLING US babies with PP/Abortion & importing Illegal aliens  Mexicans & Muzlims that breed like rats
She speak with forked tongue.
Thank you Sen Warren for fighting for those that are not able to fight for themselves
We are counting on you, Sen. Warren!
You don't even know what is in it before you put out your FIGHT statements.  Plenty for middle class.  You need an economics education!
Ugh don't be stupid CORPORATIONS don't pay taxes we all do when we buy goods from those corporations!!! ONLY PEOPLE PAY TAXES!!!
Be real that is how capitalism works do you even know how the economy works????
And then go home to your two million dollar mansion
YEAH! That's what we're talkin about! Fight the Rebs cleverly disguised $ trillion gift to the 1% paid for off the backs of 99%
A lot of people in the top 5% seem think they are middle class when they are really at the top. Poverty is $13K for family of 4.
CEOs are compensated with millions for keeping wages and benefits LOW. Corporate tax should be pegged to fair CEO pay and other metrics.
Yes!
Once again! you are part of the problem. Instead of fight the GOP Tax pl why don’t you work with them and come out with a agreement. #swamp
Yeah yeah yeah good luck getting elected while #resist is your motive for everything you say and do. Even your ppl aren't that stupid
Dear Pocahontas. Please go to your reservation sit down shut up and let the rest us working people keep what we have worked for. #TaxReform
STAND STRONG FOR THE GOP TAX PLAN. HAVE A BACKBONE TO STAND FOR THE GOOD OF AMERICA.
You should really lay off the peace pipe! You Dems WASTED 10 trillion in 8 years with nothing to show for it except more poverty & division!
All rich people have tax shelters, which I'm sure you know. Most politicians get out of paying for most things. i.e. Healthcare.
Feeling defeated!
#taxtherich
Any money not in the hands of our government is good money
Sweetheart, have you even read the tax proposal or do you just immediately go to the DNC smoke signals and start screeching?
People who prefer liberty over totalitarianism will fight you thieves until you are all ousted from office and some of you thrown in jail.
why do you only support tax cuts for the people that don't pay taxes??
Better than you stinking liberals STEALING money from my family to fund Big Bird, NEA, illegals, welfare thieves, etc etc etc. #KEEPLOSING
You're s joke! #Obstructionist pandering for votes in 2020
What has she ever done other than lie and fill her and family pockets
I'm retired, child credit means nothing to me, need to be relieved of tax burden. 8 % max tax for retirees.Look into a Nat'l Sales Tax.
After 8 years, media suddenly very concerned about debt/deficits w/GOP tax reform proposal. #trustdeficit
Leave it alone,please.
You haven't read it you just want to fight it?

Of course you are against this plan and you’re spewing the same old rhetoric.
Renewable energy would do more to restore America than any tax cut; more $ saved by everybody including hard goods manufacturing
Get your hand out of my wallet. #TaxationIsTheft
Don't you have a pow wow to get to?
Surprise surprise
Thank you for being promising to hold up a tax benefit for millions of Americans so you can grandstand on #NotOnePenny. #Hypocrite.
You are officially an enemy of the left.
Fake Indian
Elizabeth Thankfully not ALL Americans are ignorant morons unable to do math and figure finance and the tax plan out.  YOUR A LIAR!
Did ya read the plan feuxcahontas? It guarantees tax burden will. It shift from top to middle class.
Right shifts more of the tax burden to middle class and poor not the top or corporations. Corporations still get all kinds of welfare in it
Wrong that was a typo tax plan guarantees tax burden will not shift from top to middle class. Sorry!

Of course you will. No surprise here. Bipartisanship isn't in your vocabulary. Sad.
Shut up!!!
DEMOCRATS GREED ARE RICH  and With BIG house THEY LIVE IN. REMEMBER THE RICH GIVE US JOB'S AND DEMOCRATS GIVE THE JOB TO IMMIGRANTS
Kiss this DEMOCRATS GREED
Disgusting tax cut proposal!! #NotOnePenny
You are rich you make man's of dollars and still millions of dollars and you're also for baby killing baby killer
Shut up my taxes and healthcare went up under obama
Thanks for your support for the middle class.
Love ya - but reconsider this one. Our corporate tax is way too high compared to rest of world. Trade that to increase tax on rich
Well said! #PeopleNotPlutocrats
It's easy for u to criticize @BarackObama put this nation in debt by $10 trillion. Democrats only know how to spend we need to cut Medicaid
Why should the healthy pay for the parents of others bc their own children don't want to care for them??
Thank you.
Warren your just being a pain in the ass. Why not try to negotiate, work with it, make it better. Your go to is fighting. We deserve better
No one should be talking taxes till Puerto Rico has aid package. #HelpPuertoRico
Thank you for fighting for us!
Companies need tax breaks in order to hire middle class (who in fact are getting best tax breaks). Why is this so hard to understand???
So the most successful people should be punished? Imagine if people with the highest credit scores paid the highest interest rates.
You’ll fight anything that’s republican
Thank you Senator
We're counting on you.
Lizzie! its time to Dump All Democrats
Still supporting a this con artists
What a surprise!....
Senator, U &Dems.We R not paying u2 Fight! We want u 2work with GOP& POTUS 2serve us the US citizens not illigals. If U disagree, Resign.Thx
Im concerned about my tax cut not the wealthy
I know you voted against a bill that would have put $12 million to fight the opioid problem in MA, but you never did much to cut taxes.
Oh gee! We’be been paying for all of your Globalist crap for over eight years now. All of a sudden you give a  about the taxpayers? 
Tomahawk, Fauxcahontas?
Thank you!!!
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of this lying fraud.
$15 ph nationwide Now. $.50 INCREASE every 3 yrs. EXPAND & INCREASE, ALL BENEFITS Veterans & fam DISABLED, SICK, Poor, Retired
That's the ticket, keep trying to tell us your not part of the top 1% ! WHICH YOU ARE.
FREE colleges & universities, Graduate, Law, Medical schools. Registrations, Books. FOR EVERYONE ALWAYS.
IMPEACH,  INCARCERATE ALL I mentioned. FREE, GREAT,  COMPLETE,  HEALTHCARE,  DRUGS OPTICAL, DENTAL. We chose physicians.
STOP !!!! ALL DEPORTATIONS. EVEN IN PRISON Kids can go see parents. LEGALIZE everyone Free.
Get louder! We're counting on you! 

I expected nothing less from you.
what ever that can hurt Americans to not grow their all in its very how is that
How about we end the 2 decades of war before any tax cuts on the war machine ? http://Antiwarparty.com  #awp
Your a phony liar!
Thank you
#TheResistance
Tax cuts are for the middle class, stop filling liberals heads full of shit
Thank you
What middle class family needs to worry about death taxes in their $5Million estate planning? #TaxReform #TaxcutsForTheRich #inners #Maddow
#FakeIndian
Are you that dam stupid did you watch the same speech I did? Or are you just making things up again to make him look bad

How much is your network #Hypocrite? I'm sure you're not one of the "everyone else" you mention. #loser #liar
now this is the republicans i have grown to hate, the traditional republican side with the rich against the middle/poor classes republicans
Guess this passes as leadership. Don't engage the other side, send out a hardline self serving tweet and call it a day.
Please ask for an AMT for corporations operating in the US.  Too many pay zero!
@HouseDemocrats #voteno on this GOP tax plan huge tax breaks for the wealthy families,Corporations including this so-called 45.
Trump should not be able to make one change in the tax code without showing his taxes
What about the Jones act?
Please continue to fight for all Americans! Thk U! #NotOnePenny
I have looked at the proposed new tax plan. As a CPA, I can tell you it  is a disaster for middle class and huge tax break for the wealthy.
You have no idea what it means to fight, but if you keep trying to tear down our great nation I guarantee you will learn!
I am with you. We have your back. You are a true hero!!!
Broken record drones on and on...
I am all for cutting the taxes on corporate taxation to a competitive level with international competition
Well of course you will   Your part of the obstructionist party
Thank God for Warren and the other few outspoken leaders on the hill. Let's elect more like them. #forthepeople
 VOTE
