How Trump the populist became Trump the corporate shill. Read our new piece in @NYDailyNews: http://www.nydailynews.com/opinion/trump-populist-trump-corporate-shill-article-1.3324911 …
#SnowFlakes
#Democraps
#Libtards

#SnowFlakes
#Democraps
#Libtards
Is that the best you can do?
#SnowFlakes
#Democraps
#Libtards

#SnowFlakes
#Democraps
#Libtards

Deflect (bug) on one of yahoo Web pages
Oops, defect not deflect
POTUS picked accomplished, successful, experienced leaders who left comfortable careers to help all Americans & clean up your mess. MAGA!
I beg to differ what about that sorry excuse of education secretary she has no business directing schools or teachers
She sees what a disaster the US Public Schools, Colleges, & Universities are in. We need someone outside of education to did this mess.
Who created the mess?
The Teachers' Unions, which are always supported by the DemocRATS.
The teachers unions don't have control over funding. The responsibility of teachers had continued to increase. More students. More to teach.
And more. While at the same time, inflation has made the cost of  everything increase. But the way that teachers received has not  increased
*wage not way.
Voice recognition fail
We know they are drowning in oil (ties).
Tillerson played a bigger part than we know yet.

LoL.. Keep dreaming dreamer
And yet you had no problem with Hillary's ties to Wall Street and the pay for play with her foundation?  Isn't that a tad hypocritical?
@realDonaldTrump  How many bankrupticies among them? How many Trump Univ graduates?
How many w/military or public service?
That's why he was elected. He's not a politician that lies about being an Indian to game the system.




Using "tard" in any manner is reprehensible, just as the "N" word. Try working for change instead of name calling.
He was a Trojan Horse for big business
Hrs the Trojan horse for Russia.
Lock the Traitors up! IMPEACH Trump NOW
He wants to be part of their crowd over the welfare of America.His ego is more important than the health of our nation.
How about getting the welfare a job?? Working for a living???
Most welfare recipients are the elderly and disabled in med facilities. Can't wait to see their resumes on my desk.
Thank you for working for The People!
Sem Warren & rest of DemocRATS AREN'T working for American Citizens. They're obstructionists & are looking out for own political interests
Reslly? What theyre trying to stop is US having ro learn Russian and decimating the entire healthcare system. Look up the effects.
not my president. "p"donny can be yours if you want.
So far it's been good for the US , unlike your self!
Actually, Trump has been very bad for the US. Made the US the laughing stock of the rest of the world. Prefers Russia over US Allies. Sad.
Idiot
He may be, but do you really need to call a US President bad names? Even if much of his actions & words aren't wise. Lowers the discourse.
At least he is trying to get something done. Unlike you
Fond Memories :)
She is wrong again
He was never for the people, that was just to get elected.
Obama's academics weren't working for the American people and neither are you.
Looks like you're absolutely fine with a corporate government. To hell with the people, huh?
Yep, I prefer someone who has proven success. Who would you suggest, your corner grocer, next door neighbor, your cousin on Food Stamps?
The entire congress is a giant conflict of interest. These guys take money from special interest groups who fund their reelection campaigns.
Now Lizzy, that is impressive! Trying to act like you ACTUALLY know government works ... Ha! A knee slapping good one. You've outdone your s
Slop an extra portion of fecal gruel on the "deplorable's"plate and yell winning,made in USA,+join the brain cell trickledown.
tRump Fatigue
Don't give up though Lou. It's only begun
my motto
never give up

WE will make it
Pocahontas getting hysterical again
That name you call Senator Warren is offensive and racist. Trump followers always seem to show their true colors.
She lied about her ethnicity. That's racist!
What are you even tweeting about? First - telling a lie is not racist. Secondly - Senator Warren is one of the most honest on Capitol Hill
.she falsely identified with an ethnicity for personal gain. That's abusive and disrespectful of an ethnicity not her own...that is racist.
Big talk from someone who has millions
Which means they know how to run a business which is what we need. People like you are inexperienced in how things work.
TY Mrs. Warren but saying that still doesn't open the eyes of the clueless So much info out there & still they believe what he feeds them
That's why it's called the wealthiest administration? That is definitely not the working class
Judging appointees whom you do not really know is an attack to their profession. What do you know about creating jobs or business?
You are a very unhappy, pathetic woman.  Your destructive thinking is ignored.And, UNWELCOME . Do not use the public as an excuse.
All I know they're doing more for the country than Dems did and it's hard picking up the pieces Dems left it in.
Wow! The moment you realize your country sucks.
So much for draining the swamp.
dont these corporations employ people and provide a decent living. better than government welfare
"How" he became... ? He's always been a corporate robber. Never changed his stripes. If anyone was fooled, they need a brain transplant.
It seems none of the Dems give a rats ass about any of the people. If they did they wd work together and get the job done. Stop the nonsense
70% seems low. Who in @realDonaldTrump administration isn't a corporate shill? When is he gonna #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #AmericaFirst suckers?
https://twitter.com/aalicesayss/status/887392676852756480 …
CORRUPTION rules us all WAKEUP and spread Truth We All Need to Unite the Time is NOW let us end this machine of destruction REVOLUTIONchange
Putin money machine USA banks .
Get his orange ass out of there. He's destroying America.
He has ALWAYS been a shill: That how he has amasses his "Wealth"; y SCREWING everyone else out of their moneyFAIL! SAD! TRAITOR!
You murder someone bang life drug dealers kill hundreds a day charge them murder and envolk death penalty might slow some down
talk drug abuse  o d we pay for the shot . Why. Keep borders open pay to treat drug abuse. Is like fixing a leak while water is still on
So that's a bad thing what they should be ignoramus like most of the politicians of today
So you want farmers or career politicians? Did you voice the same concern with Lew, rattner, or your daughter working with Soros? Please.
This administration makes me apoplectic!!!!

Come on big mouth take some of your millions that you've stolen from us and feed the poor by the way you'll never be POTUS.....!!!!!
And 80% of the money that you have in your bank account you've cheated and stolen from Taxpayers!! #TermLimits
& that's the truth
And you work for the American people and your corrupt...
Trump, and his gang, only care about money. 
@SenWarren So whats your idea Pochy?  Hite people with no experience in business, team building or job creation?  Maybe snowflakes???
No, that's people who have real jobs in the real world and are giving up a lot of income and luxury to work for the people.
Deny & obstruct them all. No more lobbyists or fools who want to destroy what has taken so long to build. Only care about themselves.
Would you have them have tied to the mom working LIBERALS? ??
So no different from you Hillary or any other person in Congress or Senate Point them out that don't Point yourself out your corporate ties
This is the main problem.
Washington should look out for all Americans .
I bet you do too
You and the rest of the senators should be paying more for medical benefits. Not the people who employ you. Just keep stealing from America
What have you done for working families? More government doesn't count as helping!
Why do you and fellow Senators have better medical than the rest of us. You do nothing but take our money. Need to get rid of all of u.
Tell us what you've done under Obama or this Admin ? Nothing is the answer. You are worthless to Americans.
Just like all of congress! You are all screwing the American People
To bad it's not 100%.
It's a modern-day swamp.
Since when do you work for family's your a joke
The Americans who voted for this travesty called a president should be ashamed. @realDonaldTrump is just a rich liar who wants to be richer.
What about all your corp ties,donors and pay for play?
Satisfactory. He even came out and said they were best for the country
Liberals talk like zombies they are hypnotized by cnn
I'll take people that know how business works over career politicians any day.
Oh democrats do not like anything huh
Powwow chow. See ya sitting squaw.
Dumbest tweet today. Guess he should be recommending unemployed and govt hacks?
Yes imagine they all successfully worked for a living. What an embaressment.
63,000,000 of us are really stupid.
You don't care about all of the American people, just the ones who votes for you.
Can't wait till Curt Schilling's takes your seat
What fake Indian?
Genius why don't you complain about out hospital and insurance CEOs ? Hospital centers owned by doctors
Isn't that better than pointy headed professors, most of which haven't done a thing in the real world? Enough ideologues, they're talentless
Draining the swamp, no, dredging the swamp to make room for more swamp creatures#trumplies
We can make it to a hundred! Come on! USA!USA! USA!
What is the Democrat message these days?
Let's discuss and tie it to why democracy  and a government that serves people cannot coexist with Citizens United and campaign corruption.
WHY did so MANY Dems support so many of Trumps picks???
Trump the populist is really Trump the conman.
And also ties to Russia, money, and oil.
Glass houses Pocahontas....glass houses
This is "Made in Americe week" can we please have a president who's made in America is that asking too much
Clown career potlickers like you have screwed Everything up because you have no real world experience. Go Away.
Big companies that create jobs. I am good with that.
This is who  Putin  surrounds himself with!
He doesn't know anybody else.
The main thing is that Hillary lost.
You hypocrite! You took hundreds & thousands of $ from corporations including Wall Street! Liawatha you're a phony!
How about your own ties and special interests? Don't think we don't know about you!
No it takes powerful men and women to combat the swamp that you disgraceful people have been running for years.
Still waiting on that genealogy test and/or the apology to ACTUAL Cherokees. #HighCheekWarren 
Don't act like you're broke Elizabeth you might as well look at Congress as a corporation a lot of fat cats in there
Can't build a wall, but approves the Iran nuclear deal.Wants to drain the swamp, but fills Washington with scum.
Can't do a healthcare deal
Pocahontas, the big businesses are the ones who hires the people. I don't care how much a CEO makes.
What you mean is that they have experience getting things done and are not part of the brethren. Stop the obstruction! Go do your job!
big corporations have done far more to help the world than big government.  Look at Microsoft, Apple, Google. #THINK!
Our founding fathers never intended a professional political class.  So, it should be made up of business or others who understand WORK.
That's also gov that know how to run a business , working families are to work. They need jobs.
Gadfly.
What was done in the last eight years for the working families?
Stop obstructing! Confirm his appointments!
Liar
And what have you and your politician cronies achieved for the American people?
Nothing!  Give it all to illegal aliens. Pathetic!
I still think Congress and the Cabinet should have to wear uniforms like NASCAR, with names of all who "bought" them on them.
Corp ties with gov=massive domination over populous . Need separation of church/state/corporations. Otherwise USA is Russia#2. KEEP US FREE!
Trump did not "become a corporate shill."  He has always been one.
How much did you get paid to teach that class at Harvard?
Why didn't you insist on perjury charges for most of cabinet? Stop whining and take action! Sessions, Pruitt, Pruce, DeVos paid off GOP
Squawking Sqaw get back into your Teepee  and boil water  Drink up! 
Trump, why aren't you doing what has always worked for you in the past, Hookers & Booze, it's the GOP's achilles heel-right? 
They know how to work within a Budget and make . Federal government needs a lot of help getting its house in order.
Shut up Pocahontas you anti American wombat
And one complete moron Ricky Perry
Wow, Elizabeth! A tweet that ridicules POTUS, his cabinet, and the profitable corporations... might as well be a #liberalwetdream
Explain to me what politician doesn't have corporate ties? Likewise, working for corporations is not necessarily an evil.
Thank you for sharing.
Any Indians in the cabinet?
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
How many Wall Streeters have you voted to approve in the past?
Tired of all the stories about the POTUS because no 1  will ever do anything about what he is doing or has done. Its all whining & no action
Why don't you crawl back into your teepee?
What's your private sector background again?
Never thought the dems and Hillary were ever for "working" families . Trump has a positive vision for America. Let Trump do his job!!!!
@Public_Citizen @NYDailyNews maybe you could study an issue before commenting on it. It's just a thought
The less political people in the government the better. You politicians get nothing done. Corporate people are the backbone of this country.
Why does the obvious, always and repeatedly have to be spelled out? Isn't the redundancy tedious
You must thicken the swamp before you can drain it.
Would work if any understood and had government experience. These positions require real work, not just talk.
Sen. Warren,the interest of corporate America has always been present. To show evidence check YOUR financial supporters. Check Clintons too.
Filling the swamp
Ill never forget, his last speach before election day, he railed against GoldmanSachs. Now, how many former top execs from there are in WH?
Oh please have a Democrat preach to us about what they've done for working families. Did you forget you sprinted far left & lost all power?
Coming from the woman who fleeced Harvard students for half a million to teach a pair of classes.
Look at you making hundreds of thousands per speech. I don't know who would hire you. You're ridicuously unhinged most of the time.
NY daily news opinion piece. Must be unbiased reporting...
Without big corporations there would not be jobs for most working families,HW How would you fill that gap.
Ms Warren, you need to investigate the Ukrainian Collusion, the Uranium One Deal, and the Steele Dossier!!! I smell a lot of Criminals!!!
We need the people represented! Help push campaign finance reform through!  CFR28 Explained https://youtu.be/IYMuAT2uS3Q  via @YouTube
He's picking successful people because they know how to win without leaching off of Americans tax dollars like politicians like you Liz!
That's a conservative (pardon the pun) estimate.
Always criticizing.  Let's see your record.  Better than politicians. America is a business.
A very big business, and we need the best we have to straighten this mess out.
#InvokeThe25thAmendment
@Public_Citizen @NYDailyNews i dont see how this is news/unexpected. even i could see that coming and i am not that smart
liz, corporations provide jobs, so shut up.
#DrainTheSwamp
Perhaps this country needs to be run like a big business and not a shoddy Ma and pa shop like it has been.
Comrade Elizabeth Warren hates anything not controlled by the government
I'd rather government work for the most vile corporations on the planet than you. What you want is totalitarianism. Count me out.
My fault, Senator Warren.  I was turning the manure pile
Hey Liawatha, what would you know about work
Yes @SenWarren this "administration" is only in power to protect & extend the oligarchical kleptocracy of trump & his supporters in the 1%
You lied about your heritage to obtain an affirmative action scholarship and you want to talk ethics?
AKA republikan govt.
So your option is career politicians that have no real world experience to guide of economy?? My god that incredibly stupid....
Hilarious that the words Pocahontas and hysterical caused panties bunched up. Our beautiful native American people want the truth about her
Filling the Swamp! Trump is like a frog laying a large blob of Corporate Eggs being stuck to some skunk cabbage! SAD???
Wow sad but so true
Just how much money has the Banking and Insurance Industry given you in the last year $200,000 or $300,000???
Aren't you a millionaire....
Then why are American families winning? @realDonaldTrump
Yes, we call it business as usual.  It didn't start with Trump. Democrats are nearly as guilty of enabling regulatory capture. EW excepted!
Swamp fever! Trump is only making the swamp bigger!

And the surprise is?

You keep using that word...
You know not what you are talking about squaw
What do you know about working families? Flipping houses out west, 450k for a one course teaching job at Harvard.  Yes Pocahauntice,  U know
Drain the swamp. Just another lie.
You mean they haven't been lying stealing politicians all their lives. How novel
Liberal policies fail more often, and harder. Every politician does favors, even the beloved Barry O.
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
And they pay Obama half 1 million a speech good job
Gee- maybe because they're people who've worked real jobs, not been government leeches like you.
